"Come get it" he challenged, but the third man turned and ran he turned back to the girl.
He woke the next morning to an empty room and a note on the little table.
Gabe looked up at Sam, eyes soft gazing at the taller man. "Couples fight. A soul bond is meant to last forever. Throughout time, overcoming every obstacle that can be thrown at it. Some petty fight can't get rid of me now Sammich. You're stuck with me."
Not willing to waste a drop Gabe lapped up every bit, moaning in contentment at the taste. Mmmmmm good boy, Sam. Now let's see about stuffing that tight hole of yours. The grace began moving within Sam's hole, stretching him. "Are you gonna be a good boy and take my cock, Samshine?" He snapped again, disappearing the rest of his clothes, and reached down and stroked his leaking cock.
Gabe grinned and began running his fingers through Sam's flowing hair. "Soft," he whispered dreamily. then cleared his throat. "You gotta focus on the full picture, pull together the parts of the whole and you can appreciate the sweets." He glanced down at Sam. "It takes practice, but it works wonders"
Cas made a comment about Dean’s recklessness, then sauntered on down the beach. He didn’t say where he was going, but Dean assumed he was going to retrace their SOS in the sand. It hadn’t been completely washed away by the rain, but Dean silently agreed that it needed to be more visible.
Just a bit further out there was a series of rocks sticking up out of water, as if they were clawing their way up from the sandy depths in need of sunlight. Dean knew there would be bigger fish and crabs around that area, but before he could advance towards them he heard the quiet movement of the water behind him.
"Why? Come on, sugar." She asked
Moaning wantonly Gabe curved into Sam's touch. "Oh, God! Just like that.. Don't stop..." he babbled, squirming under Sam's hands. "You were worth saving the world for," he added, barely over a whisper
Snagging a peach, Sam tilted his head at Gabriel. "I'm a little offended we weren't asked to join," He teased the archangel.
They stumbled into the door, a mass of limbs. She devoured dean's lips as he reached up her skirt. He looked into her sky blue eyes. Suddenly he stopped
Dean had given up on trying to stop from talking. "Yes, Sir. Please, Sir. Been waiting since the barn, can't take it any fucking longer"
Gabe waived it away.
Dean sipped his coffee. No, they hadn't had a Case in weeks, the rain still hadn't let up, but it was all perfect. And he wouldn't have it any other way.
"What happened to your head, dean?" cas asked him, concerned upon noticing all the blood
Dean took the direction well, reaching up to put one hand on the rest of the angel's length and one on his balls. Pumping him in time with the rhythm of his head.
He backed away in rejection, feeling a lump in his throat
Eager to obey him, Sam sucked over his hole, flicking his tongue over his rim. He brought his hand down again, humming at the taste and feel of the angel. He was perfect, And he loved him. How was he, Sam Winchester worthy after everything? Still, he was determined to show Gabriel that he could drive him as wild as he had driven him earlier. He felt Gabriel's rim relax, and he slipped his tongue inside, fucking him with it.
"I could clean something," he thought in passing while picking up boxes and setting them back down. "Dear sweet dad. Now I know I'm losing it," he said aloud with a shake of his head. Just then a jar fell out of one of the boxes and rolled across the floor. He picked it up, trying to make out the extremely faded label.
It wasn't a convincing response but neither of the other men questioned it. Dean's brother Sam looked up from his laptop.
Dean looked down at him, "Okay, the Trickster I get, but you, Cas? Come on! I'd never have thought I'd find you closed in a room getting baked... Hey, Gabe! Pass those fuzzy peaches!"
"Right, yeah," he said sitting on the very edge of the bed, stiffly.
Dean's stomach knotted, how would he share a bed with Cas after what happened earlier?
Stilling a bit, Sam looked around the area. "Gabriel..." He couldn't keep the awe from his tone, and he tightened his fingers for a moment. He didn't know what to make of Gabriel's praise, and the way he said it... "I'm just me."
"That'll have to do then," he told the lady, pulling out a credit card
The tendrils worked in tandem with the angel's mouth. Moving inside Sam, while Gabe sucked him off. They found his prostate and began their warm tingling, their electric buzz right on that blessed gland. Gabe began moving his whole upper body in rhythm with his movements, fucking his own throat with Sam's massive cock. He let the bonds on Sam's arms go so he could guide his movements how he wished
Dean smiled, loving the angel's possessiveness. He ran his hands through Cas's feathers. Spreading his fingers, and bending them into the small feathers near Cas's shoulders, then moving out, and down in semi-circles.
Matching Dean's pace, Castiel nipped at Dean's shoulder. He couldn't have stayed quiet if he had to. He'd needed Dean for too long, had been desperate for this at times, and now... He had to feel Dean come apart around him.
"You really are perfection, Sam," he said, barely above a whisper. Voice breathy and rough. He flexed his wings and ruffled his feathers. "Hmmm. Perfection. Perfection deserves perfection." There was a snapping of fingers and a whirring of colors, a pleasant falling away, like sinking into a bath mixed with forgetting a worry, and when the colors focused back into place they were no longer in the bunker. Naked as the day chuck wrote them into being, bodies still interlocked, they were flying through a gorgeous tropical rain forest full of flowers, trees, and animals. "Grab my wings, Samalicious, and hold on!"
"Oh, but you haven't even proposed yet, Sweetheart." He couldn't make it too easy, after all. "Planning the wedding so soon?" He couldn't help but laugh with Gabriel, the happiness flowing through them both. He could feel his angel, he realized, if he concentrated hard enough.
---------------♡--------------
"I'm not yours, Dean. I never will be"
It'd been three days and a few things were certain. Firstly, Blue had gained an incredible level of constitution from their grace, and could out drink the Winchesters any day, nearly making it to the level of the full angels. Secondly, Blue's sweet tooth was rival only to Gabe's and between the two they could surely rid the world of its sugar supply if left unattended too long. And third, Blue and Gabe together was both a perfectly wonderful and perfectly horrible combination all at the same time. They fed off each other's energy and were both highly encourageable, to say the least.
“-I know what Dean and his gang do, after school. And I know that they’ve probably been making your life hard for the past months -hell- years…”
He pulled his shirt sloppily over his head and simply let his jeans fall off his waist. They were about two sizes too big, and once he took his belt off they just slid right off him. They were also the only pair of Jeans he owned, so other than that is was dress pants and khakis. He shoved his grey t shirt into the laundry basket next to his dresser and put his jeans away.
Then a backpack dropped quite suddenly next to him, and he jerked back in his seat, looking around for his next assailant. All he heard was a “Woah there, easy dude.” As the same girl from before eased into the chair next to him. She held her hands up as if in surrender.
His family was not very religious, if asked his mother would say christian, though he didn’t think she had been in a church since her wedding day. His father was actually Christian, though as far as Castiel knew he didn’t go to church.
Sam started arguing to the contrary, and his dad was fighting back. Dean wasn’t paying close attention to the conversation but it seemed like Sammy was winning. He would make a good lawyer.
Crumpled, a boy that was merely skin and bones lay crusted in red. The frame and hair looked familiar, though Dean didn’t think he knew anyone who would be in this position… From where he stood, momentarily frozen, Dean watched the rise and fall of the guy’s chest. He looked like someone had taken an extremely large meat tenderizer and smashed him with it. Dean stepped forward a bit more, nearly gagging as a wave of urine-smell washed over him. How long had this guy been here? Days? Was there an ER nearby Dean could take him to?
He treaded to the bathroom to shower, feeling all the aches in his body as he put one foot in front of the other. He wondered if the hot water would make the pain better or worse.
________________________
His last class was uneventful. He got an A on a paper he had turned in, like usual. He carefully made sure to tuck the paper out of sight when he got it, as most of the other students suspected he used his title of “Richest kid at school” to get good grades. But that wasn’t true. He was just smart.
His grades had dropped a little, since breaking his arms had completely sapped his will to open an educational book. He was desperately trying to get them back up for his father’s visit, as he would punish Castiel severely if he found out. Castiel had made 13 trips to the library in a week. A new record.
Finally, Zacharia cleared his throat and clicked his phone off. Looking at Castiel, he brought his shoulders up and resumed his normal better-and-stronger-and-worth-more-than-you posture. Sometimes Castiel wished he could’ve inherited that stance when he was born.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean started maneuvering Castiel into the car. Half crouching awkwardly, he tried his best not hit his charge’s head on the metal while lowering him head first onto the long leather seat. He grimaced as he watched a bit of blood smear on the black, but quickly turned away from that when Castiel’s shoulder caught for an instant on the back of the seat. He let out a cry of pain, though he wasn’t conscious, that trailed into a pitiful whimper that made Dean’s heart curl a little bit. Dean carefully shut the door after he was finished positioning Castiel in a neutral pose, getting into the driver’s seat and heading off.
Cas tilted his head up slightly, and looked mouthed the words silently and slowly. Dean gasped out another sob as he recognized was Castiel was mouthing, ‘I love you too.’ He cried clutched Castiel closer as he registered another word the dying man mouthed. ‘Good bye’.
The next morning was cold. He woke up shivering from a nightmare involving meathooks and rumbling stomachs. He got dressed. He skipped a shower.
He was calming down, when the lesson started and Mr. Livovich started talking about 'The Scarlet Letter'. He made the mistake of letting his gaze wonder, and found himself looking at Dean Winchester, who was looking right back at him. The other boy stared at Cas and smirked, making it clear he knew Cas was being pulverized later today. That set his brain whirring again, and he couldn't concentrate on the lesson.
And after a few minutes of quickly battling with his inner demons, feeling steadily queasier and sicker and seeing Castiel’s face grow steadily redder as he was dragged out of the water for brief air breaks, Dean tried to get Alistair to stop. Alistair had yanked Novak out and thrown him to the ground, Dean was admittedly a little worried (damn conscience) by the lack of movement by the other boy. The weaker boy’s erratic breathing was frightening, to understate it, and Dean’s heart-region had protested against that much to the displeasure of Dean’s mind. When Alistair had refused to let old blue eyes go, Dean had called it quits then and there. The other two could carry on with this fun, but Dean wasn’t going to be faulted if this whole shenanigan went terribly wrong. He hated Castiel, but there was a line. Maybe if it was someone else, say…. Anna, from Algebra, he would have stopped the whole thing. But really, as long as the blood wasn’t on his hands he couldn’t care less if Castiel got fucking PTSD from this bullshit, as long as no one’s soul was ripped from their body. Wow, that was a little graphic. He had left the swimming pool with a horrible feeling in his chest and a thorough wish to smack someone in the face with his knuckles.
There was a moment of terrifying nothingness, and then his body smacked the water 25 feet below, and his arms were wrenched painfully further behind his back. He hit the bottom of the creek, and his arm screamed out in pain. He had broken it, no doubt.
“Well at least he’s alive,” Alistair spit back. “If you’re so worried about-” COUGH cough “-Dear Cassie-” cough cough COUgh cough “-Be here!”
Alistair muttered “Excuses excuses. Looks pretty with out the cast. All fresh and new. Maybe instead of pens we should use knifes, what do you think?” He asked, looking at Castiel. Castiel looked suddenly a lot more nervous that he had a few seconds ago.
Suddenly Castiel was turned over by his shoulder, his back digging into the hard floor, “We’re having fun, aren’t we?” Alistar’s smiling face loomed over Castiel’s, too close for comfort. He gulped, trying not to look at Alistair's eyes. He couldn’t calm his breathing, a combination of fear and oxygen-deprivation was making his heart work overtime. He hoped all Alistar was going to do was half-drown him, because the look in his eyes was the sort of thing you would find in the eyes of jailed murderers, or little boys who like to kill rabbits they trapped in the woods.
Eyes.
He glanced at the clock; 11:20. 20 more minutes and hopefully he would be in the car with his mother, driving to the hospital to get the wretched once-blue-now-black plaster off, and feel the wind on the skin of his arm for the first time in a month and a half. His mood shifted upwards, thinking about flexing his elbow and carrying more books and being able to use both hands to make the landing softer when people shoved him over at school…
He didn’t pay attention to what was going on he grabbed when he got dressed. He could’ve been wearing anything and he wouldn’t know because he could barely tilt his head without acid valves leaking inside of it. It felt like he grabbed a soft t shirt. He wasn’t wearing his jeans, but he didn’t know what color his pants currently were. He didn’t really care, fashion wasn’t really his biggest worry right at the moment.
_________________________________
“If you can make me!” Winchester laughed at him. The other boys caught up and complimented Dean on whatever move he had made to land on top of Cas.
All of this took about a minute, and the voices still were getting louder. The people walking must be really slow, or really loud. Castiel cleared the stairs and tiptoed to the front door, unlocking the deadbolt and tugging it open with his cast braced against the jam to lean on. The voices leaked inside the house, laughs and shouts and teasingly fearful shrieks from the one woman. Castiel poked his head out, listening and straining his eyes to adjust in the dark. He caught view of a figure walking backwards in the night, and shrank back into the house a little so they wouldn’t see his head. Other silhouette materialized into people, with glass bottles that gleamed in the porch lights of the houses opposite him. He watched as Azazel, Alistar, a girl named Meg, a boy named Dick and Dean Winchester pranced along, and he watched as Winchester took a long drink from a bottle of beer he wasn’t legally allowed to  have in his hand. Azazel had meg tucked under his arm, and as he watched he leaned down and said something into her ear, which made her let out a peal of laughter and hit him in the arm. Castiel watched them from the shadows, not visible because their porch light wasn’t on and his porch was thrown in shadow from trees on either side of the house. He stared in silence until he heard someone shout “Hey, isn’t that Richkid Novak’s house?”
“Well, they have to hurt! I mean, it looks like you’ve been volunteering as a punch bag for Rocky.” Jo said, and Castiel didn’t know who she was referring to when she said Rocky so he kept his mouth shut. Pop culture had never been his thing, and never would be, even being on Netflix he couldn’t watch everything he needed to be able to keep a conversation flowing about TV and movies. Books, maybe.
He felt his face with one hand, and it was swollen, his cheeks inflated and painful. He could tell he was going to have a black eye, and his nose still burned and dripped blood. “Asshole.” Cas muttered dejectedly. The bruises on his stomach cried out when he moved.
He stood there about 40 seconds, while she ignored him, before it clicked. A cleaning lady, to get the house ready for his father. There was no way in a million years that his mother would get anything done if she tried to clean, so she often played older (often grandma-looking) woman to do it for her. They cleaned the entire house, top to bottom except for Castiel’s room, which she made him do himself. Something about it being ‘His mess, and he should be the one to clean it up’. His room was never messy, but he didn’t point that out.
"Fucking shifters" dean groaned
Dean was on his knees faster than Cas could finish speaking. Hastily undoing the angel's belt, he flicked down his fly. Once he got his pants down he stopped and waited for instruction, while taking in the splendor that was Cas's naked cock. It was massive and already fully erect. Dean couldn't wait to have it in him. He'd always been a cockslut and damn if Cas didn't bring out the worst of it. He looked up at Cas through his lashes, lips pouting slightly. "Please, Sir?"
Gabe smiled, " What did you have in mind? Nice chapel wedding? Here on the beach? Vegas with strippers and blow? I mean, I might be partial to one of those options, but don't let me skew your decision." He laughed, more in joy than amusement. "If it's the married life you want then you'll have it."
Sipping his drink, Sam stroked his fingers along Gabriel's back between his wings. "A habit, hm? I like the sound of that." He looked out over the water. "What will we be doing when we go back?" The younger Winchester couldn't help but worry about it. What if Gabriel left? The thought made him feel ill.
Dean avoided his gaze and picked up the fast-food bag from the table. Cas watched him from their bed, as he tore into the burger while standing in the corner.
His ability to absorb what Sam was saying was cut off when Gabe realized that the taller man was looking at, and then leaning directly on his wings. "Whoa, Samshine, you're not supposed to be able to see those" He sighed at the feeling of Sam leaned into his wing. He couldn't bring himself to care that his wings were on display, mind. He flexed them and puffed out the feathers as if showing off just how beautiful they really were.
Dean nodded
XXXXXXXX
"Uhh, Dean? The skittles?" Cas inquired bringing him back to earth and the realization that he was still holding onto Cas's hand
And there it went. Freed of Gabriel's grace, Sam sat up. "Do you have to do that?" Gabriel, despite Sam's emotions, had done that. He'd murdered his brother so many times in so many ways-
"Okay now do two!"
Dean still just stared
Gabe smirked, snapping his fingers and quirking a brow. They were suddenly further down the beach, Sam standing, Gabe on one knee. A ring glistened from a box in Gabe's hands. The sunset illuminated the horizon over the ocean shoreline, and Gabe's doubles played romantic music in the distance. "Sam, I've loved you since the day I met you. We've fought together, we've saved the world together, I would die for you, hell, I have died for you. I would give you my last Jolly Rancher, I fucking love you so much. I want to spend the rest of my life waking up to your face, and grabbing your ass. My love, my soulmate, will you marry me?"
Stilling as he sank all the way in, Sam stroked his fingers over Gabriel's golden wings. "Fuck, Gabriel... Love how you feel..." He'd never experienced anything like this, and he stilled to nuzzle between the angel's wings
"Well, we made good time, at least" was all he said as he flicked on the turn signal and drove up to a small motel. He located a parking spot and stopped the car
"Mmhmm," Dean moaned, Cas's cock deep in his throat, vibrations rumbling up through into it. He pulled back, sucking off with a gentle pop. "Yes, Sir" and with that he removed his hands from their positions, and licked around Cas's balls then up his shaft, swirling around the head of Cas's cock, and tonguing the slit before plunging back down and hollowing his cheeks as at least two-thirds of Cas's length disappeared.
"That depends on him and Cassie, but with the way things were going when we left, I can't see it having ended any other way," Gabe mused. "I can't see a world where those two haven't fucked at least once by now and claimed each other." He sipped the drink one of his doubles had just brought him, considering it all. "No, I'm sure it'll be all of us versus the world, for all eternity. We'll have Dean and Cas to take it all on with us, all the rest is just details."
"You try one first!"
For someone with so little experience, Cas sure seemed to know what he was doing. Dean moved with his touch, searching for even more. He knew he would never get enough. He loved his nipples played with, and when Cas did it it was better than he'd ever felt before. The feeling of his angelic mouth on his cock was pure bliss. It took everything in him not to buck into Cas's mouth, hurrying him along. Instead, he squirmed and continued to grab at the sheets. He'd promised to be a good boy and he was damn well going to be.
"I knew it! You've always had that 'I'd smoke one if you gave me the chance' vibe about you Samsquach. I think it's the hair. Gabe said motioning as if he was petting Sam's head. "That hair. Wanna pet it. Get down here" he added reaching up higher and grunting
Dean looked at Cas, not even hearing Sam. "Now you're on the right track," he said then made a face, placing a finger over his mouth and opening it again. "I want to be on my knees with your cock down my throat." He clapped his hand over his mouth and made a choking sound, more words muffled by his hand, mostly indistinguishable except for "Up" and "Ass."
"All we're saying is the playtime has to end, at least for a little while until chuck is taken care of," cas said standing and heading out of the room
Sam had to grin. He really should have expected this. Gabriel was nothing if not quick on his feet, and he could conjure up anything. His words, quickly thought up, were heartfelt. "I will, Gabriel." He leaned down, stealing a kiss from him. "Your very last jolly Rancher? I'm honored."
He watched it several more times, trying to read the lips of the two of them but failing. Finally, he just took a copy of the tape and left. He headed back to the car, deep in thought. When he entered the parking lot, he noticed a familiar form leaning against his car
"Gabe and I can begin their training to use any grace based powers they might have."
So, it's a shifter, but why did she go with him?" He wondered aloud
Cas was trying so hard to keep his concentration at this point
Dean squinted his eyes, trying to force the sleep out of them. "Mmmmm. S'go get coffee." He said, placing a kiss on Castiel's lips before getting up and pulling on a pair of pajama pants.
Castiel cupped his face with his other hand, stroking his stubbled cheek with his thumb as he kissed him back. The words made his heart soar, and a bit of his grace tingled through his hand on his mark on Dean's shoulder.
Sam slid up out of his seat, moving to straddle Gabriel's lap. "Is that so?" He stroked his fingers through his hair. "Well, you're lucky we smoked that weed first. It made me realize some truths about myself." His brow furrowed a bit. They weren't all easy to deal with, but what Gabriel said... "I can see us fighting."
Castiel blinked at Dean, looking over his shoulder as if startled to see them. Still, Dean's caress made him gasp a bit. "I... it would be you." He grinned, kissing him again. "Because, Dean... you're my soulmate. My other half." He was sure- how could Dean not be? This bond between them... As he'd told Sam, it was profound.
"Only minor ones, but yes. Dean and cas also."
Gabe looked like he might say something but just quirked an eyebrow again and the tingling started working in tendrils probing into Sam's tight hole, Gabe didn't even wait for a reaction before continuing to suck him down, tongue swirl, moaning down, stopping to suck the full length over his tongue, fucking it into his throat, moaning back up, swirl around, and repeat. He massaged Sam's balls, and every so often stopped to lick down his length then back up before swallowing him down again.
"Yes, bluelicious?"
'Hey Cas, can you pass me the skittles out of that bag beside you?" Dean asked an hour or so into the trip
Watching Dean closely, he slowly pushed inside of the hunter’s tight hole. Castiel moaned, his wings flaring behind him as he sank deep. He trembled for a moment, carefully giving his hips a roll. How long had he dreamed of this? Since he'd seen Dean in hell. Since he'd learned what sex was, what he felt for Dean. Watching him closely, Castiel gripped his hips, tilting them just so before he began to move. After all, he'd seen this act many times through time. He knew how to make Dean feel good, and that was before he even used his grace on him.
Gabriel shifted, feeling Sam's gaze upon him. "Being soulmates with an angel comes with certain.... advantages." He began, "When we claimed each other my grace entered into you bringing you into a new level of being. It's done so that angels won't lose their mates, and so that the mates have power closer to what we do, though it's a crapshoot what the powers are." He sighed deeply, "You're more or less a demigod now, Sam. Of what, I can't say. That'll be up to you. But you'll have power, and you'll be immortal. We can spend eternity together."
"Okay, I'll try somewhere else," Dean said with a panicked thought of being forced to bunk with cas for at least a couple days while they investigated
He returned at dawn, to find sam had gone on a coffee run. Cas remained in the room, sitting on the bed.
Swearing, Sam's hands fisted well, at least he could do that. Hell, his clothing had just - and he ended up crying out at this feeling around his cock. "Yours... been yours, Gabriel..." He bit his lower lip, doing his best not to beg just yet. The angel's touch was unlike anything he'd felt before, and the awareness he felt...
Dean sighed heavily but didn't say anything as he took his seat, across from Blue
The guys hadn't had a case for weeks and to top it off, it had been raining non-stop. Gabe wandered the halls of the Bunker aimlessly, trying to lift the cabin fever setting in.
Just then Dean felt a splitting pain in the back of his head. He fell to the ground as everything went hazy, the last thing he saw was a pair of icy blue eyes, that felt much less comforting than usual
"Nah, I just wanted you to be extra baked because i feel like your reaction will be funnier that way. Okay, so when you fuck an angel, there's grace transfer. If you do it frequently enough for long enough you can end up causing residual grace buildup."
"I thought we were doing such a good job, too." Gabe sighed
Blue stared but said nothing, brain short-circuiting at the realization that insulting themself insulted Gabe, and that was the last thing they wanted.
"Fucking Christ, I love you, Cas." Dean blurted out at the description of the doughnut. Saying it last night had broken the dam, and if we were being honest, being handed a bacon doughnut might have finally caused the love confession anyway. He kissed Cas roughly, his still bare chest brushing against the fabric of his suit, tie, and coat. He reached into the bag and grabbed the doughnut, taking a bite, then holding it out to Cas. "Try it, babe?"
Cas reached down and palmed him through the fabric
He gripped his cock, moving to rub the head over Dean's slick ass. "Tell me that you want this- I want to hear you beg me for it again, sweet boy." He couldn't help it- there was something about the words coming from his love's lips... It heated something inside of him. He kissed Dean, tugging teasingly on his lower lip with his teeth.
'Can you play a kazoo with a bonbon in your mouth' Gabe asked blue with a smirk
"Yes, love you-" The grace Gabriel had flowing through him just brightened at the words. He didn't know how else to explain it, but then it was sinking deeper, like it was becoming part of Sam, and he screamed as he came.
Tilting his head, Sam studied the angel as he carefully stroked his hands over him. "Lay down, Gabe- I want to get a better look at them…" He nudged the archangel gently on his belly, letting himself nuzzle along his wing. "You smell... fucking amazing. So sweet..."
"That's it, say my name." He moaned, slapping Dean firmly on the ass. He reached forward and grabbed Dean's hair, pulling it so his head was pulled back roughly. Dean moaned his name again.
Dean straddled Cas, riding his cock with rapid, hard thrusts. It was clear he was chasing orgasm just as much as Cas and he was determined to find it. As Cas nipped at Dean's neck, Dean nipped at his. Exploring along the pulse point, as he fucked himself hard on his lover's cock.
Cas continued
"A room for 3 please." He requested
Gabe looked up at Sam "well, that was definitely better than Sunday blessing" he said, cock still rested on his chin. "Your prayers are filthy Winchester, and I love it" he reached a finger in with the grace, filling Sam's tight hole ever fuller, and bobbed back down over Sam's dick letting the hunter control his movements once again.
"Brought you food but it's likely cold by now," he told dean with a smirk
Dean stared at him for just a moment, then eyes glazed over he responded "I love you too, Cas. I always have. I've wanted to say it a thousand times but the words wouldn't come out, by the time I almost got them there it was always too late." He leaned in and kissed Cas, pressing his lips against the angel's.
"I've never heard such a thing, honestly." Blue added
Castiel hummed his approval, letting himself toy with Dean's foreskin as he worked his hand over him. He teased his nipple with his teeth, sucking hard- he'd once grumbled about his nipples never getting enough attention and he intended to make sure they did.
The angel's hand flew over Dean's cock, and he let his grace tease him, building his pleasure even higher. His own orgasm crashed into him, and he bit down to leave his mark on his mate. That nipping of Dean's forced it from him, so close to the bite he craved.
Dean just stared. Awestruck.
They were fifteen bonbons by the time dean and cas got to the room.
"Ooh, smarter than you look" the girl congratulated him as the three men rushed him. He moved his knife in front of him, quickly. Impaling the one who tried to grab him. He removed it with a tug then spun and sliced the other's neck. He stared at the third.
"Fucking shifters"
"Let it go, pet," cas's voice said in his head
Cas sat down on the bed "it's just for a bit, then we'll go home and you can have your own bed again" he reminded Dean, while kicking off his shoes, and laying down
Dean's mouth fell open as he cried out, adjusting to the stretch. As the burn faded and pleasure took over he wrapped his arms around Cas and ran his fingers through his wings again.
He lay, cock fully erect and leaking, writhing within his grace bonds the grace pumped him hard. Cas placed a hand on each of Dean's hips and leaned down over his member, opening his mouth and hovering over it.
"All I'm saying is that the wedding reception can have the weed. I want to be sober for my wedding," Sam chided the archangel, amusement in his gaze. Hearing his brother, he looked up at him. "Hey, Dean. Where's Cas?"
Dean sighed, and put on his FBI suit and then left.
Dean thought for a second, he really did need a release after earlier.
It was about one in the afternoon and Gabe and Blue were hiding out in the TV room. They sit cross-legged on the floor surrounded by candy, assorted snacks, several colorful kazoos, and a rolling tray.
"Young and spry again, just look at what I do to you." He said with a chuckle, before taking a drag.
"That's a good boy, dean. You look so pretty like that"
-----------------------♡------------------------
"Small.. uh! Island in the middle of the pacific. I took it over. It's my one of vacation spots" Gabe told him, moaning a bit. He gently flapped his wings, just enough to move the air, then glided. "I've wanted to bring you here for years"
Dean accepted the praise, trying not to thrust into Cas's hand. His touch was almost electric, it had an element he'd never felt with any other. He wasn't sure if it was angel grace or the soul bond, but he was living for it. It took everything in him not to fuck himself into the angel's hand, grasping at the sheets for composure. No, he would be a good boy.
"You're not supposed to be able to smell that," Gabe rasped looking back at him, dear fuck, that was hot, watching Sam lick his oil from his fingers. He could watch that all day. He felt himself growing hard again. If nothing else, there was something to be said for angelic recovery time. "Oh fuck Sammoose, I need your hands back in my feathers. Now, please!" It seemed it was Gabe's turn to beg.
Sam laughed, his big palm landing on the angel's perfect ass. "Bossy, aren't you?" He sucked over one of Gabriel's oil glands, gathering the oil in his mouth before he spread the angel's cheeks and licked over his hole.
"I'll go get us a room," he told the others
Growling a bit, Sam gripped his hips, holding him in place. He was going to do this his way, and the angel could be patient. He sealed his lips around his rim again, sucking before pushing his tongue deep again.
Snuggling against Gabriel's chest, Sam could have purred. Being in his arms, wrapped in his wings was the most like home that he'd ever felt. He couldn't explain how finally complete he felt. "Sweet dreams, Sweetheart."
Cas looked up at Dean, raising a brow, and suddenly Dean heard the angel's voice in his head "guide it, pet."
Carding his fingers roughly through Sam's hair Gabe kissed down his jaw, on his pulse, then down his neck sucking and nibbling on his chest leaving a beautiful hickey behind. "Mine now" Gabe whispered, moving on to Sam's nipple, and sucking it in, rolling it against his tongue while rolling the other in his fingers. He quirked an eyebrow and suddenly Sam couldn't move. A warm, pleasantly electric tingling surrounded his cock. Gabe smirked and moved down Sam's chest and began sucking another hickey into place.
Castiel moaned something Dean didn't understand, but he recognized as Enochian, suddenly Cas lifted Dean and flipped them over, with dean on his belly on the bed. "Too slow," he said gruffly, returning the grace bonds to the hunter's limbs he then began pounding into Dean's ass like it owed him money. It was clear that since dean already got off it was now Cas's turn. Every few thrusts Cas's dick brushed against Dean's prostate, making him cry out Cas's name roughly, as he reached up and tried to touch his cock which was now hard and leaking once again.
30 minutes later the water shut off, and Dean emerged from the steamy room to find Sam had returned.
Eagerly parting his lips for Dean, Castiel slipped his hands over his body. He had to touch him, he had to feel more of him and taste him. He ground his cock against Dean's, already thinking of swallowing his cock down, making him scream... and of licking him open.
Sam was tempted to quip something about Gabriel topping from the bottom when he realized what exactly the archangel, Messenger of God had just told him. "But... I'm Lucifer's vessel. I..." The angel's- since this vessel was his alone- whiskey-colored gaze was steady, and he clearly meant every word. Was he this lucky? But... "How?"
"It fits. We better get some sleep and we'll find their nest in the morning. It's strange to see them working as a pack, but not unheard of. Sam concluded
"Wrong answer" he growled thrusting the knife in her chest.
for?" He hadn't seen any of his brother's lovers, but that didn't mean much. He loosened his tie, watching the archangel.
Eventually he realized that he had to get up, or he would be late for school. Such a stupid thing.
Sam glared at him when he sat down with little space between them, but Dean just smirked and watched the TV. End of the third. Novak was awake on the couch, and Dean could feel his eyes penetrating his skull.
Younger brother is wrong. Stupid, paranoid.
Trying to rub away a looming headache, Cas tried to ignore the loud vacuum sounds coming from downstairs and started looking around for his old laptop.
He was snapped back into reality as a backpack almost slammed onto the tabletop across from him. He jumped so hard he bumped his elbow on the table and gasped, looking at the newcomer accusingly and a little fearfully.
Dean had pounded down a path that he knew would lead to his angel. The demon on the phone hadn’t given him coordinates per say, but he had dropped a few hints. His boots suddenly stopped sprinting across gravel and started tearing up mushy moss and grass. He looked up at the summer cabin he had visited as a teenager, the place of many secret loves and hook ups. It served a different purpose now. The glass windows were all smashed, with plywood behind them, and there was barbed wire lining the roof. It looked sad and eerie, like a house from a horror flick. His heart had plummeted when he thought of what could have gone on inside that house, how long Castiel could have been trapped with the sick bastards.
At lunch Jo sat with him and said meaningless things while Castiel sat in silence, his usual lack of enthusiasm when it came to response doubled with the addition of a throbbing windpipe. Eventually Jo stopped trying to initiate conversation and just ate her fruit cup silently while Castiel stared at the tabletop, with no lunch to eat and no energy and motivation to read. It was interesting, though, how distressed Jo had become when she saw Castiel’s throat. She’d tried to get Castiel to come over to her house and let her take care of his ‘injuries’, but he shot her down as best he could in the least words possible. He wasn’t going to her house, no matter how many times she saved him from the Knights, it made him freak out a little bit inside just thinking about it, being inside someone else’s house, alone, with no weapons to defend himself, even though everything Jo had done so far suggested that she wouldn’t jump him. And aside from not fully trusting her enough, he didn’t want to take her hospitality. He had none to give back, and if the trip went well some part of him was afraid that he would end up spending his days at her house and his nights in his hell - house. Hiding from his problems.
Suddenly he was jerked out, His head snapping back, and he breathed in from the shock of it, the liquid burning his nostrils and seizing up his chest. The billowing water drained from his ears and his head hit the concrete with a thump. His gasping filled the air again, this time accompanied with hacking coughs as the water tried to force it’s way out of his lungs. Something was going on with the Knights, but right now there was a buzzing in his ears and all he could hear was his own harsh and rapid breathing, all he could feel was the heartbeat in his neck like a drumbeat.
He asks them what they are doing again. He knows that he will not fall now, the rope was keeping him secured to the bridge rail. But what are they doing, why was he tied here? “We’ll just leave you alone then, alone with your thoughts. That cool with you, Novak?” Azazel asked with mock seriousness. The others laughed.
“Oh come on,” Sam coaxed, looked pained. “There’s gotta be something, right? Don’t make me choose, Dean’s always doing that then complaining through the rest of the movie, cuz he’s a dickhead.”
Castiel would not haunt you. Gone, ghostless.
When he had lingered at church all he could, he finally started heading back home.
It was getting dark outside. Castiel couldn’t breathe very deeply for fear of tearing his side in half with pain. His throat hurt, his leg hurt where his father had kicked it, everything was bruised. It was getting colder, too cold for the spring they were having.
He brushed his hair down quickly, trying to make it stick but only getting half of it down. Cas wasn’t sure if it was better or worse.
“You have twenty seconds to pack everything you need. Any longer and you won’t like the end result.” Snapping to attention, Castiel nodded once before making his way upstairs as quickly as he could. There was no use fighting it, after all. He unzipped his backpack as he went, and when he was inside he quickly grabbed a few things from every draw of his dresser, leaving everything else. Quickly, he grabbed the journal from the bedside table and opened it, grabbing scissors from his shelf and snipping at the pages desperately, heart rate pounding as he heard the seconds tick away. Too soon, he realized his time was up, and he could hear his father's footsteps walking quickly and purposefully up the stairs. He tore at the journal, making the pages almost illegible, before dropping it to the floor and turning to the door, cursing for taking to long. But it wasn’t like twenty seconds was enough time, after all.
“Well, You just- we- they’re amazing!” Sam exploded with twelve-year-old charisma, waving a VHS box in his hand. “I can’t believe you’ve never seen them, I think the whole world’s seen ‘em dude. Like, Antarctica included.” He turned and put in the VHS, rewinding it quickly. “So, you haven’t read the books either?”
Castiel’s face heated up. There was a loud clatter as his mother dropped her fork, and she hurriedly whispered “Sorry.” under her breath, when his father turned menacingly to her. Castiel really shouldn’t have, but he spoke. “No.” And he immediately wished he hadn’t.
Naomi’s face lit up again. “Will you help me?”
“Then why are you here?” His father asked, examining Castiel’s face. Criticizing it. “Why aren't you getting your rest? It’s a school night. Don’t you want to be your best for all your friends?”
____________________
Mother was agitated today, something is wrong. I don’t know what.
He walked down stairs, and helped set the table without being asked to. When that was done, he came into the kitchen, and saw no food was set out, or being readied. "When are we going to eat?" He asked his mother.
Castiel didn’t say anything, just focused on not letting the headache gathering on his brain in. Jo stopped briefly, filling her mouth to the brim. She didn’t seem to care that the disgusting thing she was eating was stone cold.
The third thing he noticed was Sam, sitting with two popcorn containers on either side of him, polishing off the last of one of them. He was on the floor, generously leaving Castiel the entire couch and risking a sore butt the next day from the thinly-covered harwood their crap rug tried to conceal. The brat eyed Dean suspiciously, even though the only fuckin thing he’d done so far was walk in his own damn house. “Dinner?” He asked, gesturing to the containers, “Or lunch?”
Castiel whisked the eggs with a mute expression, eyes not really watching what he was doing because he had done it so many times before. He rushed a little because he had such a small amount of time to get the eggs cooked and coffee brewed, but otherwise this felt perfectly normal. His mother probably had never made him breakfast in her life. Sometimes other meals, but never the first of the day.
He was steadily approaching school grounds. His wish to not step a foot in the buildings was also steadily growing bigger, but he tried to take his mind off of that. The trouble was, there wasn’t very much he could think of that would cheer him up. It briefly flittered across his mind that he could try to imagine the Knights of Hell getting what they deserve, say, disembowelment, but Castiel crossed that option off his mental checklist. Unless he was in a really bad mood, he wasn’t much for the whole plot-your-enemy's downfall thing.
It was fine, they’d be fine, at least until school started back up again, cuz it was the weekend now but he had to figure out what to do with Castiel on monday. Maybe...by monday Castiel might be well enough to listen to Dean, and if he could just scare him into not saying anything, Dean could drop him off at the ER and let his dad do the rest. Or he could just drop Castiel at his house… actually, that would be perfect, if Dean just dropped Castiel off at the grand Novak Abode, wouldn’t his parents freak out and take him to the hospital? Why hadn’t Dean thought of it before... he knew where the house was, of course, he just really didn’t want to deal with the questions. Novak’s mother was bound to be a bitch about it if some unknown boy showed up on her doorstep with her baby in the backseat of a car, bleeding out. Novak’s father could be liable to sue, or some other legal thing like that if Castiel told his sorry tales about Dean and the gang, though if he hadn’t already Dean wondered if he ever would. But if he could just go, drop off Castiel and get the hell out of dodge…
The doctor came in in a few minutes, and he started asking Castiel questions. How old are you, do you smoke, do you do drugs, do you drink alcohol? Castiel answered all of them truthfully, except for one. “How are things at home?” The doctor asked.
“So, mister ladies man, I haven’t heard a lot about a certain Jess lately!” Dean swiftly distracted Sam and as his floppy haired brother profusely denied all the rumours about his and Jess’s relationship, Dean covered his knuckles with a few band aids from the cupboard.
His room had mostly bare walls, with the exception of an obscure book poster in the corner of one wall. The walls were a light light blue, bordering on white. He had a shelf next to his bed filled with books and a few seasons of Buffy the Vampire Slayer he sometimes watched. There was also an Angel Funko Pop, one of the few decorative things in his room. His bed had a dark red comforter set, and it was sitting next to a window that was the only source of light in the room currently. He had almost never had another person in this room besides his mother and father.
“There you have it! You’ve made up your mind! There were other times, and that’s even more reason for him not to be here, I mean, Sam you said it yourself, I’m a bully, aren’t I? Why would he want to be here?”
She was looking somewhere near his collarbone, and confused, Castiel looked and saw his shirt had ripped sometime during his swim, and exposed an enormous bruise his father had given him the other night. Pulling his shirt up with one hand and trying his best not to expose the nervous lightning bolt in his stomach on his face, Castiel nodded at Jo, hopefully dead faced. “Okay.” His voice seemed kind of waverly, maybe from the near-drowning, maybe from something else. He didn’t think he could handle more than that, it hurt too much to speak.
Wolfishly, sickly, Alistair smiled at Castiel, who shrank back. The world was becoming more clear, the haze of painful sleep rubbing from his brain. He was angry. Feeling it bubble in his stomach, along with the shame and faint nausea of hearing the details of his past situation, before his father stopped having to hide the bruises. Before the teachers grew used to his appearance. His lip curled a little bit, maybe in disgust, maybe in anger. But the toughness of that display was lost in the shakiness of his breathing and the hummingbird beat of his heart.
When he finally hefted the suitcase over the last step, his father cleared it and strode ahead of Castiel and into his bedroom. Castiel could see him walk over to their enormous closet and into it, out of Castiel’s eyesight. Struggling over through the doorway, Castiel cautiously deposited the suitcase near the king sized bed, and lurched forward to catch it when it teetered, threatening to crash to the floor. Holding it until he was sure it wouldn’t fall, he exited the room to get the next suitcase.
The moment he had seen the Novak kid, Alistar and Azazel had too. His first instinct was to make fun of Castiel, which was normal and fine. But his second instinct was to stop Azazel and Alistar from seeing the kid, and that was not ok. Was he going soft or something? He was supposed to hate him. Get your head in the game, Winchester. He chided himself.
He texted Azazel goodbye and bounded downstairs, letting his spirits grow a little in the absence of his dad’s temper. He started making pasta for dinner, and Sam came in and told him about his day. “So anyways, after science Garth had to go to the principal ‘cuz he brought his hamster to school again, so me and Jess just ate lunch by ourselves.” He took a breath and Dean jumped in.
“Make me stay quiet, Dean.” Sam said with venom, “After all, that’s what you’re good at right? Making people stay quiet? I bet ‘Castiel’ had no intentions of telling anyone what you do to him.” Dean glowered, looking merely angry on the outside, but on the inside he felt horrible. How could Sam see this without knowing the full details, but Dean couldn’t even stomach the idea of Novak being worthy of such a fuss?
His laptop was black, a 2004 hp that hardly ever worked and shut down if you let it run 20 minutes without the plug attached. It was slow, with hardly any internet connection, and you couldn’t have more than two tabs open at the same time or the crappy wifi would stop working all together. It was his father’s old laptop, and Castiel had fished it out of the garbage one night when his mother and father were at a charity ball. He had kept it a secret ever since, knowing his mother would throw it away the moment she found him hiding it, and his father would beat him for not asking permission. Castiel had kept it a secret for a year.
He lay there in pain and suffering, until his eyelids pulled him back into the land of sweaty, nightmare ridden unconsciousness.
He groaned slightly as he flexed his fingers, feeling the ache that accompanied the movement. He should really stop doing things like that, it made it hard to write. Or do anything else that involved his hands moving.
The truth was, these half-beatings every day, on top of homework and studies and his mom not going food shopping in 3 weeks was really taking a tole on Castiel. He was kind of numb all day, feeling things here and there but not especially caring. He hadn’t felt much emotion past anger, fear and sadness for a long, long time. He couldn’t find anything to smile or laugh about, not even Buffy the Vampire Slayer was working.
Lying on the floor, Castiel halfway curled into the fetal position, giving up on his feeble attempts of self-preservation. His father stood over him, examining his knuckles and tutting at the split skin on them. He looked at Castiel and smiled pleasantly, like he hadn’t just beat the shit out of him. Then he crouched gracefully, and Castiel flinched so hard he banged his head on the cabinet door behind him as his father grabbed his face. He pulled it closer, examining it.
Dean's eyes were wide with rage, and fear. Fear had curled in his stomach, making him want to throw up and laugh and cry at the same time. He had never been this afraid any other time in his life, on any other hunt or kill.
Voices were floating through the air, towards him. Lazy, uncaring tones. Nervously, Castiel moved further back into the allyway, not wanting anyone in this neighborhood to see him, even if that was a bit biased. Some people at school lived here, they seemed to act okay to people other than Castiel. Everyone was generally horrible to him at school, so he just judged by interactions he overheard. They couldn’t be blamed for being rude to him, everyone was, and if you weren’t then you were picked on until you did.
Then Alistair came and secured his hands behind his back with zip-ties, and he was being pushed forward to the bridge. Azazel was waiting there with rope, and an evil grin on his face. Castiel was pushed up against the bridge, and then he was being pushed over it. He started yelling, fear rushing through his head as they tried to haul him over the railing. They laughed, and he yelled even more. Are they trying to kill me? Why the fuck would they tie my hands and push me over?!
Every second that was spent in that car ride was infused with tension, Sam glancing concernedly at Dean who was gripping the steering wheel so hard his knuckles were pale white. Dean yelled at Sam when he asked how the was, and there was no more conversation after that.
Finally, the last bell ended and he started heading home before the Knights could get him.
Soon after Zacharia left. The bruised boy just layed quiet and still on the kitchen floor, feeling blood drip down his cheeks and onto his clothes. He made no attempt to get up, just let himself fade softly into the consuming darkness that followed passing out.
In his room, he shed his shirt and skipped the shower because she would probably want to shower and get dressed very soon. He unbuttoned his jeans and let them drop, then riffled through his drawers before he found a pair of black slacks, and white T-shirt and a white button up dress shirt which he rolled up one sleeve of to accommodate his cast. He grabbed a tie from his sock drawer which was a home for things from socks to school assignments for safe keeping, and pulled on a pair of black socks. He put on the pants and white T-shirt, then buttoned the next shirt on top and smoothed it down. He draped the tie around his neck and tied it on autopilot, staring at his ‘Angel’ funko pop sitting on his shelf while he did it. He shrugged on a black jacket, and since he didn’t have a mirror in his room, he had to just assume he didn’t have anything hideous on him and went back downstairs.
“-fuck off before I tie you to the ceiling with your own small intestine.” Jo snarled, (Castiel paused just behind the closet door, nervously rubbing his arm).
“Got ‘im.” Snickered Azazel, shoving Castiel away from him. He stumbled into a little circle. Dean was to his left, Alistar in front, Azazel and Uriel to the right and behind him.
Dean thought about it for a few seconds before replying. “I don’t think he told. My dad hasn’t said anything and he totally would’ve by now.”  He hit send.
“Uh, alright. Good luck.” The boy left without using the bathroom or offering Castiel a hand to get up. He started moving, pushing himself up precariously on his heels and letting a gust of pain out of his mouth when everything twinged in protest. Using the sinks not to far away, he pulled himself up with his finger tips, trying to to touch the public germ fountains too much. When he was fully vertical, he limped out of the bathroom and tried to flee the scene before Winchester showed up to finish him off.
Castiel wasn’t sure how his father’s company didn’t know more about his home life. Zacharia was fairly famous, enough to be in the tabloids and newspapers, but there had never been a scandal and Castiel wasn’t even sure if the world new Zacharia Novak had a son. The kids at school certainly knew, his whole hometown seemed to know, but no one on the outside. He wondered if there would be a scandal if someone found out that Zacharia beat his kid so bad he couldn’t stand up straight sometimes.
The duct tape was downstairs, sitting just inside one of the creaky kitchen cabinets. That’s right, out his door, through the hall, down the stairs, past the living room and into the kitchen. At night. While his father was home, who, he might add, was strictly against the idea of Castiel roaming the house after bedtime. But for some reason, he had to get that tape. It couldn't wait until tomorrow for some reason, he felt like he would never get around to it if he waited even another hour. The dry unhappy feeling he got in his stomach when he couldn’t find things was already fading as he set his mind. He was going to go downstairs and steal it back. Even though technically, it wasn’t stolen from him. He had used the duct tape the other day and somehow left it in the cabinet, but still.
He tossed the box of DVDs onto his bed and settled himself down beside the computer, carefully lifting the top and powering it on. It took 5 minutes before he trusted that it wouldn’t shut down the minute he put the DVD in (He had done that before, and had to wait days to get the DVD out of the computer).
Sam wrapped the body in a white sheet, Dean couldn’t bare to do it. Sam had expected this, and wouldn’t have asked his brother to do it in a million years.
Dean set the table and served Sam and his dad, then himself. The big man himself came down the table about 10 minutes after Sam and Dean started eating. He scarfed down the pasta and green beans like he hadn’t eaten in days, and then asked them how their days had gone. Sam went into a detailed description of the fight that had broken out in his class, while Dean just shrugged and said his day was fine. His mind flashed back to Novak’s bright blue cast and his stomach roiled in nervousness as he remembered that his dad might know. He was suddenly very interested in his green beans.
“I just forgot my food.” He answered quietly, and started walking to the counter when she grabbed his food.
Dean just laughed. Castiel’s face fell from his glare for just a second, before he fixed it back. He knew it wouldn’t work, but he still felt crestfallen.
So anyways, Goodbye.
“Oh, I just wanted to tell you that I need help with something down by my locker.” She stated, looking him straight in the eye.
He had woken up that morning with a horrible stress in his gut, like his body was revolting on him for stupid decisions. He tried calming himself down, taking deep breaths, but nothing seemed to help. He liked to the think that humming “The lovers the Dreamers And Me” At the top of his vocal chords was working, but he knew he was deluding himself. The best he could do was just not think about….it.
Cas shuddered and repressed the memory of pain and blood, it would probably appear in the nightmares anyways.
Blue. pink. Tan. brown. Black. Blue.
Like a warrior, Sam didn’t say a word about it on the entire ten minute car ride to the school. Dean had to admit to himself he was a little impressed.
When he walked in, the first thing he saw was the third Harry Potter movie paused on the television. The second thing, Novak passed out on the couch, in his blanket, mouth open and breathing silently. He looked the picture of black and blue peacefulness.
“It doesn’t matter. If you had taken time off of being the big macho alpha dog, Dean, and talked to Castiel, then you would be just as concerned as I am. He always comes back from missed days worse than he was before,” She sounded seriously pissed off. “-and since the pool incident I’ve learned not to put things past you.” He almost flinched at that.
“Indiana.” Well shit. That was a couple states away. And, where in Indiana? But that wasn’t the important stuff right now.
They all leave the barn, and Cas was still holding Dean’s arm for balance because he still wasn’t in his full powers. When they reach the cars, Sam says “You know what mom and I, can go with the other car. You probably have some things to talk about.” and winks at Dean. Dean rolls his eyes in return with a smile that he can’t hide. He opens the door of the car for Cas and gently helps him to sit. Then he sits in the driver seat. But before he can start the car, Cas says “Dean I’m not going to hold you accountable for the things that you have said when I’m dying. I’m aware that you might have said those things out of pity and compassion not out of love.”  Dean turns his gaze toward Cas. He remains silent for a while and soaks up the beauty of the man he sees. Then he gathers his thoughts and speaks “ These last couple of years I’ve always fought with my feelings towards you. But I can’t deny that when you are with me I have faith and hope. And when you died, I’ve lost all my will to live because I was lost. I’m sorry it took me so long to give in to the feelings that I have. So no, they were not out of pity and compassion. They were from my heart and soul.” When Dean stopped talking, he immediately feels the freedom of expressing his feelings openly and without being scared.
There's nothing more that I can say
Up to this point, two of them only implied their feelings with shared looks and subtextual words. It was like a secret and silent agreement only between them. But now Cas was saying it out loud. Dean knows that the first “I love you” was meant for him because Cas was looking right into Dean’s eyes when saying it.  Cas deserves the same honesty. To figure how he is going to confess his feelings he looks at Cas. He sees the man who always goes with him. Just a few months ago, Cas was ready to face Darkness with Dean even it was literally a suicide mission. He also remembers a few years ago, when Dean said “We probably gonna die tomorrow”  Cas immediately said, "Then I’ll go with you." These memories overwhelm Dean so much that this time he will follow Cas to death. However, not only for payback but also Dean wants Cas to know that he is loved just like he loved Dean. He doesn’t want to live in a world where Cas is not alive because from his experience that world sucked so bad. Dean thinks all the emotions that he hid and tomorrow there might be no Cas to hear his feelings even if he screams them. So, this time Dean was not going to hide behind the mask of the family bond.
“You will not die, not on my watch. We will find a solution…” He turns Sam with tear-filled eyes, “Right, Sammy?”
“Remind me to prepare a tape for you, so that you can join me next time when a song like this comes up. Did I ever tell you how my mom decides to marry my father? My father knew all the words for the Zeppelin songs. That’s when she understands he’s the one.”
All I need from you is all your love
All you got to give to me is all your love”
But on a day like today I pass the time away
Cas froze to this confession. This was all he ever wanted to hear. He loved Dean in every way imaginable. Now, he knows that his feelings are mutual. Dean finally breaks their gaze and starts the car. And then speaks again; “I know we have lots of stuff to deal with, like Lucifer’s unborn child and all that. But I think after everything is settled, we should go on a trip just you and me, what do you think? Can we manage to have a couple of days just to ourselves?”
He smiles and glances at Cas from time to time while singing it. It was such a beautiful song to listen to with Cas.
And walk a quiet mile with you
Cas was talking so hard. There was so much pain in his voice that Dean cannot handle. The man he cares so dearly was dying in front of him and there was nothing he could do to save him. He calls Sam but Sam doesn’t pay attention so he shouts “Sammy” with a serious voice. Dean removes his hand from Cas’ cheek and slides beside him while never leaving his hand so that Sam can examine the scar. They basically sitting while holding hands in front of Sam but Dean is past caring about that. He even extends his arm so that Cas can rest his head on Dean’s shoulder. Sam sees Cas and Dean but he doesn’t surprise, he knew this was a long time coming. While Sam examines Cas’ scar, Dean turns his head to Cas and looks at him with so much fear and love. And when Cas looks at Dean, sees that gorgeous green eyes were filled with tears and Dean’s beautiful voice was cracking every time he opens his mouth. Dean was holding Cas for the first time and Cas was lying his head on his shoulder but he couldn’t take the joy of it because this might also be their last time.
Jo greeted him with a simple hello before tossing down her pen in defeat and looking back up at Dean. “Flights are grounded for a reason. No one in their right mind would go flying in this weather.”
Cas only shrugged. “Not a clue. There are tons of island chains out in this area, many of them are just too small to be bothered with. I’m sure this is one of many islands in this region of the ocean.”
Dean nodded his head. “You two grew up around here?”
Dean tensed up and swallowed the little saliva he had in his mouth. “Cas, I… I wish you were around more often.”
“Well that’s stupid,” Dean interrupted. “Lack of family-time isn’t going to put me six feet under.”
“I guess… nevermind,” Cas shook his head and got to his feet, his eyes still looking off into the distance.
Dean was left alone with Gabriel and had two hours to kill, so he figured some small talk couldn’t hurt.
“Sam, I need to go find him.”
“What’d you say?”
Dean was thankful for the darkness because he was sure he was as red as a fire truck by now. He smiled to himself and for just a moment- he was content.
Dean smiled warmly. He shouldn’t have had to think about it for as long as he did, but when he finally remembered that he was actually supposed to give an answer, he nodded his head. “Yeah, yeah you can kiss me.”
“Cas?” Dean said, “Are you listening?”
They didn’t speak for the rest of the movie, although that could have been due to the fact that Castiel fell asleep about halfway through. Dean only realized it when Cas’s head fell against his chest and his hand slipped out from his grip.
“The pilot I was with, damn it!” Dean flung the sheet off the bed and swung his legs around to the side, wincing at the sudden movement.
He remembers being hungry. His dad was always on the road, always shuffling him and Sammy around from time to time. Sometimes they’d run out of money, sometimes they’d be eating stale cereal for days. But at the end of the day it was the closest to home he had gotten. They both grew up, got jobs, and moved on with their lives. His childhood didn’t define him.
, he knew what coconuts looked like. He placed the coconut into his bag.
“I will find a way,” Cas muttured, “I’m the damn pilot. I’ll find us a way off this island. I said I would get you home and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
Once Dean was sure he had gotten everything set up properly he finally took a seat next to Castiel on the bed. Of course, Cas made room for him and Dean fit right alongside him. Their legs lined up perfectly next to each other and their shoulders were just barely touching- but it was enough. It was just enough to make Dean want more.
“Heya, Sammy,” Dean groaned.
When Dean wasn’t actively trying to avoid Castiel, he was trying to distract himself from the hunger he felt. Not just hunger for food, but the hunger for just about everything. He had tried to accept his situation multiple times by now, but no matter how many times he tried to put on a brave face his insides would always be desperate to return home.
“I remember you were particularly happy during that hunt,” Cas recalled. “You seemed like you were having a lot of fun. That was the first case I worked after…”
“Now, we’re going to get off this island
On his way down the docks, he figured it would be best to text Charlie and let her know where he was going. He was here with her, afterall. Dean reached into his messenger bag, the only bag he brought with him on this supposed relaxing vacation, and retrieved his phone.
He enjoyed cooking. Most people wouldn’t expect that from him, so it was always a pleasant surprise when Dean would whip up a pie or produce perfect burgers on the grill. He didn’t really know where he got the talent; his dad never cooked, Uncle Bobby never cooked. Maybe his mom cooked- Dean would like to believe that she cooked. He wouldn’t know, though, because she died before he was old enough to learn about anything in the kitchen.
“Cas,” Dean said sternly, “You can’t shut down like this. Not now, not when we’ve made it this far. We’re going to get out of here, together. I know you aren’t at full capacity but you’ve gotta stay with me- just keep that pilot light burning. You can’t give up right now- okay? I’m not just going to push you away because you think you can’t help. It doesn’t matter how helpful you think you are, I’m not basing my opinion on you based on what you can and can’t do. You aren’t a tool, Cas.”
don’t have to do anything, I’m gonna get you back to camp.”
But he was alive. He was alive and-
Dean proudly opened his bag to reveal the few coconuts he had picked up on his walk. He held one up and passed it to Castiel, letting him examine the large fruit.
“You’ve got nothing to worry about,” Castiel smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “I’m a great pilot.”
“I presume that means you’ve found nothing?” Cas commented after the box clattered on the floor.
Sam gently pushed on Dean’s shoulder, trying to get him to get back into the bed. “That’s really not smart right now. You’re going to tear your stitches!”
Dean scoffed a little, maybe even letting out a small laugh. “I told you that you were going to get yourself killed,” Dean joked.
He shoved Cas off, pushing him much harder than intended, and locked eyes with him. Those cold blue eyes, suddenly gone all warm from the fire burning deep within them. Dean wiped at the bottom of his lip with the edge of his thumb, wanting to pretend to be angry but instead just being careful not to wipe away the feeling Cas left behind.
Eventually, he heard a click as Jo placed the phone back onto the receiver. She looked up at Dean from across the room with a face that said I can’t believe it.
“I’m sure he’s here somewhere,” Sam told him, standing up and trying to block the way out. “We can call for one of the doctors-”
It took Dean a moment to register what he was hearing, but once the words finished processing he felt like he had been electrocuted. He shook his head and tried to rid himself of the initial shock, but it didn’t seem to clear his head one bit.
Dean yanked the IV tube out of his arm and tossed it as far as it would go.
“What do you mean?” Dean folded his arms.
Dean hadn’t actually thought about that. It wasn’t like he had a fishing rod on standby. “I’ll whittle a spear,” he said proudly.
“If you say so,” Cas hummed. He pressed his chin into the top of Dean’s shoulder, tilting his head to the side so he could still see Dean out of the corner of his eye.
He should have been lying just on the other side of the clearing, his back towards Dean and the ocean. He should have had his arms tucked under his head, accompanied by his jacket and the bloody shirt he never gave back. He should have been there, but he wasn’t. His jacket was there, but he wasn’t.
Cas joined him in the shouting, probably also aware that it was useless. He had one arm wrapped around Dean’s shoulder to support him on his bad leg. They were holding onto each other, more importantly. Holding on as if it was the only humanity they had left.
“I don’t care if I have to rent a kayak and row myself back home- I need to get off this fucking island!” He was lucky he was so charismatic, otherwise, he knows that he would have had security called on him by now and probably many times before. Moments like these are when Dean really appreciates how easy he finds it to make friends.
Dean knew exactly how long they had been up. He had been checking his phone every five minutes, despite the fact that he knew he wouldn’t be able to get text messages in the middle of the ocean.
Dean toyed with his bottom lip for just a moment as he fell deep in thought before he jumped off the bed and grinned back at Cas. Cas tilted his head in that adorable puppy-like manner just as Dean ran out of the room and sprinted down the hall. It didn’t take long for him to find what he needed and he soon found himself back in Cas’s room proudly holding up a movie.
They locked eyes from their respective sides of the cave and didn’t say a word. Dean smiled, not because he felt like he needed to exchange something, but because he felt it creep up his face and onto his lips and he couldn’t stop it. Because whoever Castiel may be, dirty helicopter pilot or not, he was stuck on this island too.
“Damnit, Cas! Listen to yourself!” Dean snapped, “You keep staring into space, not listening to me. You just wandered off and now you refuse to tell me why! We are stuck here together and as unfortunate as that may be, it would be a lot easier if we just acted like a team.”
“Any word on your dad?” It was a harmless question, but it just reminded Dean about how shitty this whole situation is.
Castiel scoffed on the other end of the line. “I fix wounds, Dean, not wires.”
It didn’t take long for the terrain to begin to slope upwards. It was a slow ascent at first, the ground mainly consisting of dirt and grass. But as they pushed onwards Dean realized he had to put in actual effort if he wanted to keep going.
“Are you going to come in or just stand there like some creepy statue?” Dean’s eyes didn’t even leave his computer screen.
Sunlight peeked in through the cave entrance and for a moment, just a moment, Dean forgot where he was. That maybe the crash had been a bad dream and he had just fallen asleep after one too many drinks at the hotel bar. He had never been more upset about being wrong in his life.
It had its downsides as well, but there are always two sides to the coin of angelical being. Although, sometimes Castiel thought there were more than two sides. There were hundreds and thousands of sides, all variations of the good and bad mixing and creating new emotions that weren’t so black and white. Sometimes the pros were also cons, sometimes the cons were also pros. Sometimes they were everything in between and sometimes they were something else entirely.
Castiel nodded, clearly frustrated with Dean’s constant nagging. They worked their way back up the beach, settling down into their little dirt clearing again. At this point Dean could feel the hunger begin to grow in the pits of his stomach. He hadn’t eaten a full meal since before he boarded the helicopter.
Dean let out a small chuckle. “Touch starved? You’re being serious?”
Dean threw his hands up in frustration. “You can blame this crash on me but you can’t blame your fucking concussion on me! I’m not the one who hit their head and can’t even fucking think straight!”
Dean focused on the coconut in his hands instead of responding.
“It’s like that,” Cas said. Dean approached him and began to wipe the dried blood off the side of his face, trying to avoid accidentally putting Cas in even more pain. “Except instead of water, it’s high-speed winds.”
Cas kept saying that he wanted to help with something, wanted to do something to make up for all the damage he’s caused. Of course, Dean kept telling him that there was no damage to make up for. That getting a severe concussion wasn’t his fault.
“Pretty good,” He lied.
need you.” Dean didn’t realize just how much he had said. The words came out of his mouth as if he couldn’t control them anymore; like they just had a mind of their own.
Cas scoffed loudly. “Forgive me for not telling my client that I’m too much of a coward to join the military five minutes after meeting him.”
“Dean, everything is fine,” Castiel responded. He immediately began walking back in the direction of their camp, leaving Dean to chase after him.
It was a helicopter. Dean could hear the distant thud of a helicopter rotor.
Castiel shot him a warm smile- one that would make Dean believe that everything was okay. “I didn’t mean to. Just a bad dream.”
“Just please- you, you gotta stay with me,” Dean’s voice was hoarse, something he would like to blame the dehydration for.
If Dean didn’t know any better, it would seem that this was the first time Castiel had noticed that they were encased by thick trees.
Cas tilted his head, his black hair reflecting the sunlight, “You mean like a significant other? No, no I do not. You?”
At last, Dean melted into Cas’s touch. He wrapped his arms around the angel and buried his face into the crook of Cas’s neck, breathing out hot air that gave him goosebumps up and down his arms.
Dean shrugged and leaned back in his seat. “Sammy won’t tell me much. He says he’ll tell me all the details when I land. You know, he didn’t want to stress me out too much. Whatever the hell that means.”
Of course, nothing was ever completely quiet on the island. The waves crashed into the shore. Insects chirped in the trees and small animals rustled the leaves on the ground. But all of that had become easier to tune out over the past few days. Dean was, dare he admit it, growing used to the isolation.
“What, that hard to believe?” Dean inquired.
Dean walked through the forest, twigs and leaves getting snagged on his jeans as he did his best to avoid tripping over any more plants. As he walked, his foot kicked a spherical object and sent it rolling across the jungle floor. It was green and just bigger than the size of his hand. He scooped it up and twirled it around before coming to the realization that it was a coconut. Dean had seen
“Why do you need to hire a pilot?” She cocked her head to the side but didn’t lift her eyes from the notepad.
Dean took a glance up at the sky; they were shrouded in dark clouds, but there was no rain. It was sure to catch up to them eventually, though.
“We are completely isolated,” Dean stammered.
what you do to me.”
Dean forced open his eyes and saw Cas sitting next to him with a panicked expression on his face. He propped himself up on his elbow and stifled a yawn.
“You what, Dean?”
“We moved here as kids with the rest of our siblings and our mother,” Gabriel shrugged.
“Strength in numbers,” Dean was trying to be casual, “This is the third day we’ve been on this damn island and no one has found us yet; who knows if they ever will. We are stuck here and I don’t know about you, but I would actually like to try and get back to see my dying father!”
Dean shook his head and bit off the last chunk of his popsicle. He tossed the wooden stick into a nearby trash can, earning a nod of impressment from Castiel. “Is it that obvious?”
The rain started outside. It wasn’t heavy, just steady. Dean knew that they were going to have to rewrite their SOS in the sand the next morning, but he wouldn’t mind. Writing SOS in the sand meant they had hope. It meant they still believed someone was coming for them. That there was a chance they could be saved.
The taste of food on his tongue somehow made him even hungrier. Dean knew that food and water were going to become an issue very quickly, and he knew Cas knew it too, but for now, he chose not to mention it. Some things just were just better left unsaid. Just like how Dean wasn’t going to mention how Cas kept zoning out or how his head kept tilting to the side. He wasn’t going to mention how Cas kept whispering things to himself, things that didn’t make sense. Castiel wasn’t okay, to put it lightly. He should be in a hospital somewhere.
. Although he had a sail, so I guess that's out of the question. We can’t repair the wreckage, I mean hell, there's nothing left to repair,” He scratched the side of his head. “Maybe we’ll just turn into the Swiss Family Robinson,” Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at that.
“Well, hey, if it’s bothering you then I’m going to worry. That’s just what I do, Cas,” Dean shrugged. It was true- he couldn’t help it. Cas was family and Dean loved his family so he would be damned if he wasn’t going to worry about them.
But Cas? Dean hadn’t even known Castiel for a day but he knew that he deserved to be saved. Dean could just tell, he didn’t need proof, that Cas was a good person. That he cared. That he had decided to fly out in this storm because he wanted to help, he wanted to make someone’s day better. There was no way in hell those bright blue eyes could hurt someone, not even if he tried.
Ignoring his bloody leg and being extra careful with his steps, he eventually got to where Cas was seated. He had adjusted himself into a more acceptable position, but his leg remained straight in front of him, his foot hanging limply at the end.
“We can go all
Dean nodded in approval. “I think I’m going to go try and catch a fish.”
Cas pulled his hand away, now sticky with red, to reveal a large crack on the side of his temple. Thick blood oozed down the side of his face and Cas’s head bobbed up and down. His mouth hung open and his eyes fluttered. Before Dean could even get out an “Oh shit”, Cas’s knees buckled and his body collapsed into the sand.
Dean eventually arrived at the docks, which were bustling with natives and tourists alike, and began the search for a helicopter. He pushed his way through the sweaty crowd, all gathered around food stands and trinket tables. Sure, the weather was still a bit foggy, but that wasn’t going to stop paying tourists from getting the entire Bahamas experience.
Slowly but surely, he began to make his way down towards Cas. He was trying to be extra careful, fully aware that they would be utterly helpless if both of them were injured. As he neared Castiel he could feel this urge to move quicker, to get to him faster. His clouded mind is what caused him to slip.
They hiked back up the beach and Castiel proudly showed Dean how he cracked the coconuts open. They drank what little they could from them, the taste was bland and bitter but it still felt nice as it slid down Dean’s throat. The actual “meat” itself was no better, but it was something. Dean had never really been a fan of coconut, but you’ll eat just about anything if you were hungry enough.
“I need to hire a pilot!” He panted, words barely audible over his heavy breathing. He wanted to sit down, maybe catch his breath, but there isn’t enough time. There was
Dean didn’t mean to, he swear he didn’t, but the words came tumbling out all on their own.
Cas looked up and tried to read Dean- but he couldn’t get past the screaming. He couldn’t get past the malnourished energy that was protecting his body in the way a cage protects a beast.
“You got me there,” Dean admitted, wryly. “How long have we been up?”
After a mutual, yet silent, agreement was shared between them, Dean offered a hand to Cas. He managed to pull Cas to his feet, wrapping one arm around his waist to keep him from falling. Cas had wrapped one of his arms around Dean’s neck, clinging onto him to make up for the fact that he was balancing on one foot.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted, nodding slightly. “I see you haven’t frozen to death.”
Cas came staggered around the front of the helicopter, his headset still on and his coat clutched in one of his hands while the other was pressed against the side of his head. Dean rushed over and grabbed by the arm, yanking himself and the pilot away from the crash just as he watched the wreckage burst into flames.
He sighed and put his phone away before grabbing another beer, and retreating back into his room.
Cas shook his head. “Just uh, don’t expect me to walk out of here.”
“Fine,” Cas breathed out. His gaze paused over Dean’s face and he reached out to touch the side of his face with his fingertip. He held up the bloodied finger so that Dean could see. “The glass must have cut you up a little. Are you alright?”
Dean saw a large plant with folded leaves, the leaves acting as cups that held the recent rainwater. It must have rained here recently, too. He dipped the end of his shirt into the water before envisioning Cas’s scenario in his head. He could picture it- the water shooting out from the faucet tap and bouncing off the plates stacked in the sink. It made him think of home.
“You should get back to bed, Dean. It’s late- I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas spoke as if he didn’t hear a single word that Dean had said. Which Dean was partially thankful for.
The flight should barely last two hours. Two hours was nothing. Two hours was like listening to the Master of Puppets album twice. He could survive two hours.
“You sure? Why’d you yell?” Dean asked, stepping closer to the bed.
Dean confirmed his assumption before he remembered his interaction with Gabriel earlier. “You have a brother, right? Gabriel?”
“Is that all?”
Charlie didn’t respond to this, maybe because she knew there was nothing to be said. It was a shitty situation and the only thing left to do was for Dean to hop on a helicopter and get back home.
“What you said earlier- what did you mean by that? When you said that you needed me?”
Dean stood up straight, careful not to hit his head on the caved in door of the helicopter. “Nothing,” he echoed back. “We could make a raft and sail off this island, you know, like they did in
Dean let out a shocked gasp but decided to play it up, Of course. “What do you mean most of the time? My taste is impeccable. Always.”
So he did. Thin sandals slapping against the hot concrete, messenger bag bouncing against his side, groups of teenagers exclaiming as he almost knocked into them, employees on golf carts who definitely had the right-of-way when it came to navigating the sidewalk. He ran past them all- squeezing between groups of people who didn’t know any better. Who didn’t know what was going on in his life that made him run so fast he could feel each heavy step shoot through his bones.
Dean saw the thin tube attached to the inside of his forearm leading back up to a bag hanging on a hook.
What a bitch.
She had promised.
Dean wanted to smash his head against the headboard. “Nothing, man. Just some reassurance, that’s all. You’re uh, you’re my friend. And I need you be- because I care about you.”
Dean sat up straight and looked up at him, at his bright blue eyes and puzzled expression. Every single day the chance of death loomed over them and one day one of them might not come back. Every time Cas dies Dean tells himself that he would admit what he felt, that he would come clean to Castiel. Yet staring into his eyes in that very moment, he became very scared. He was so scared that he would say something that would scare Cas and cause him to leave and never come back. Dean took so many risks in his day to day life, so why couldn’t he take this one?
“Can I kiss you?”
Dean swallowed and quickly realized how dry his mouth had gone before he tore his eyes away from Cas and stormed past him, making his way down the beach.
The wood door was already slightly ajar and Dean was conflicting on whether or not he should knock. He inhaled a deep breath and tapped lightly on the door before pushing it open.
“I’m thankful you wanted to help,” Dean said. He couldn’t let the silence drag on for any longer. “Not many people want to help just for the hell of it.”
Dean finally allowed himself to lower his gun. He raised an eyebrow in Cas’s direction and only then saw how tired Castiel looked. He had dark circles under his eyes and appeared paler than normal. His face was coated in a layer of sweat and his hands were trembling as they rested on top of the comforter.
“You should never gone flying in that stupid fucking storm!”
The pair staggered to their feet, sand sticking to the tacky blood on their hands. Castiel insisted that he could walk, that he really wasn’t that injured, but Dean could see as he took uneven steps that he was lying. He was swaying so much it looked as if he had just gotten off a boat, not a helicopter.
Dean sat nervously in the middle of the back row of seats. The interior of the helicopter wasn’t too bad- the black plush seats had gone through their fair share of wear-and-tear, and there were a few mysterious stains on the floor, but Dean didn’t pay too much attention to his surroundings. He was trying his best not to look out the windows, but it was hard when he was practically surrounded by them. His curiosity had gotten the better of him a few times already, resulting in Dean leaning over to glance out the side window or look up out the front window. There was nothing but sky and ocean, melding into each other as the blues blurred and the horizon stretched on.
“Yes, Gabriel is my brother. An annoying one at that, but my brother nonetheless,” Castiel said. “We were adopted,” He filled in when Dean didn’t respond to the first statement. “If you were wondering why we look different.”
Dean shuddered at the reminder of the thick pair of headphones clamped on his head. They were uncomfortable and heavy, making his ears sweat and giving him the strangest headache.
“Cas- c’mon, man. I only said that shit because I was frustrated. Of course, this mess isn’t your fault. It’s just a sucky situation and- it’s not your fault,” He needed someone to blame it on. Dean was angry and frustrated and he needed to blame someone for it because it was easier than accepting reality. Unfortunately Cas was the only other person around, so the blame went to him.
work.
“No, I haven’t.”
It was clear that Cas had been running around for quite a bit. His body heaved with heavy breaths and there was sweat dripping from the sides of his face. Despite the fact that he seemingly had been running for his life, he nodded.
Dean nodded-
Dean was just passing room 15, Castiel’s room, when he heard a panicked scream erupt from the other side of the door. Without a second thought, Dean flung open the door and cocked his gun, aiming the barrel into the darkness of his friend’s bedroom. He was glad that he had been cleaning it earlier- otherwise, he wouldn’t have had it on him.
“Dean? Does that sound alright?”
“What even happened out there?” Dean asked as he began to dig through his bag in search of something to help protect Cas’s wound.
“Is there something else on your mind, Dean?”
Dean had fucked up in his life before. Too many times to count, actually. He had gotten into screaming matches with his family and said shit he regretted. The trail of exes he left behind would probably argue that he didn’t deserve to be saved, that he could rot on that island for all eternity. Maybe even his family would agree.
“Well, wait a minute Cas,” Dean said, haltingly. “You said those microburst things are impossible to detect so… don’t blame yourself for not being able to do the impossible.”
Dean gripped onto Cas and pressed a quick kiss to the side of his temple. The sound of the helicopter grew louder and Dean pulled back, waving one of his hands high above his head.
There was barely a second between the end of Dean’s sentence and the feeling of Cas’s lips pressed against his own. Dean froze at first, suddenly realizing what he had said, before he did the unbelievable; he kissed back.
Dean could see Charlie eyeing the helicopter. He couldn’t quite read her expression, but he was sure it was something along the lines of
“Gabriel said we grew up in the middle of the Atlantic ocean? Unfortunately, I have to be the one to inform you that that isn’t true.”
Gabriel leaned onto the desk and tossed his apple core into a nearby trash can. “He’s my little brother,” he said, adding a playful smile to the end of his sentence.
Dean tried to hide his smile. His teeth dug into his bottom lip as he tried to bite back the grin that would form if he failed to control it. Cas had no idea what his death did to Dean. He had no idea the way it ate at him and took over his mind, plaguing it with nightmares and guilty thoughts. He had no idea that Dean would beat himself up for days to come, regretting every move he made and thinking how he could have done things differently. How he could have saved Castiel.
The first thing Dean noticed was the large white bandage wrapped around the side of Cas’s head, covering where the wound had been. He was propped up in the bed with a newspaper clutched loosely in his hands.
“So, Cas,” Dean cleared his throat. “You got anyone waiting for you back home?”
He glanced over at the movement on the other end of the beach. Despite the darkness, he could see Cas moving around, tossing things into a large pile. He was making a fire, or so Dean assumed. They had made a few smaller fires here and there while on the island, hoping that someone would see the smoke. Hoping that someone would come to get them.
Cas was appreciative of Dean’s reassurance, or at least he appeared to be based on the small smile that was formed despite the effort made to keep his lips pressed firmly together.
“What, because we work better as a team?” Cas snarled, suddenly standing very close to Dean.
Cas was exhausted. His body was somehow aching and numb at the same time. He was practically gasping for air, trying his best to get the fill he needed.
What followed was a complete blur. The second the helicopter doors popped open, Dean heard someone screaming his name. When Dean saw the flash of red hair he immediately knew it was Charlie, who tackled him to the ground and started shouting. She was a mess, hugging him tightly and saying how she knew that Dean was alive, how she knew that they would find him. Dean thinks she mentioned something about having to hire her own search team.
“Well, shit,” Cas said, prompting Dean to look up.
The helicopter was suddenly so close that they were backing away, trying to cover their ears with their free hands. The aircraft landed, blades spinning to stop as the sheer wind force kicked up sand in all directions. Both Dean and Cas turned away. Dean tried to shield his eyes, cover his ears, and hold onto Cas all at the same time.
“‘m fine,” Cas grumbled, barely loud enough for Dean to hear. His head was hanging low, with his chin digging into his chest.
He gave a quick once over of the back row before slipping out the hole where the door had been blown off.
“No, you ass hat. You coming back- coming to Dodge City with us. It was a lot of fun.”
“I don’t doubt that,” Dean grumbled.
“Tombstone!” Dean said much too quickly. Cas nodded and looked as if he was going to leave again, but Dean stopped him. “You’re welcome to stay. I’m only about ten minutes in.”
As night began to settle on the horizon, Dean gathered wood and leave so that they could build a fire. The crackling flames not only provided a way to cook food, but it also provided warmth. It wasn’t particularly cold on the island, but the heat radiating from the fire reminded Dean of the indoors. So he enjoyed it.
Cas didn’t say a word. He looked at Dean with a sort of longing in his eyes and the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.
Castiel kept looking anywhere but the direction he was headed in. Before Dean could even open his mouth he saw Cas’s foot slip off the edge, pulling the rest of his body after.
“Have you had any water today?”
He was going to die. Dean Winchester was going to die in a fucking helicopter crash in the middle of the ocean. Then Sam would have to live with a dead dad and a dead brother. Cas was shouting something, maybe it was for Dean or maybe he was just shouting in general, but it didn’t matter. Dean couldn’t hear a thing over his own beating heart pounding in his ears. They continued to descend into the thick fog below, their visibility dropping to zero.
He sat in the sand, his knees drawn to his chest. He was close enough to the water that he risked getting the legs of his pants wet, but he didn’t bother rolling them up. He was tired.
Those words might insinuate that Cas wanted to end the moment, that he wanted to break away from Dean and go back to how things were before they kissed. But the way he said them, so confidently and so breathy, left little to no room for interpretation.
“I guess any sort of tracking system is out of the question,” He said, tapping the cracked screen with the back of his knuckle.
“Just uh, just hang on,” Dean said, trying to find some footing in the loose dirt. “I’m going to come get you.”
Dean could see the fire inside Cas die down as the silence got longer, but neither of them said anything. Dean hadn’t meant to say there was something wrong with Cas, not like that. He hadn’t meant it like that.
“I’m sorry,” Cas kept his head low, refusing to meet Dean’s eyes through the fire. He fiddled with his dirt-caked hands in his lap. “I’m sorry,” He repeated.
“Yeah, after you died. I remember, Cas,” Dean’s tone suddenly went cold.
“I- I don’t know, Dean,” Cas admitted. “Your energy is so strong and loud- you’re screaming out for help. You’re starving.”
The logs crackled and popped, shooting embers into the night sky.
Cas looked at Dean the same way Dean’s father looked at him when he knew he was lying. It was unsettling as if he could see right through him.
Dean had only been staying at the resort for a few days but he raced down the sidewalk like he had lived there his whole life- he had always been good with directions. It must have been his sixth sense. The doors to the lobby required a keycard and Dean’s hands were shaking so bad that he could barely swipe the card in the slot properly. The doors unlocked with a click and Dean threw them open, stumbling into the lobby of the resort.
“This was useless,” Cas sneered. “There’s nothing!”
The next time Dean was fully awake, he was no longer in the helicopter. The bright lights burned worse than the sun and rendered him disoriented. Everything seemed so bright (the stark white walls didn’t help) and he had a
Dean stumbled away from the desk, earning a confused gesture from Jo, and took a seat in one of the plush chairs shoved against the pale wall. The lobby wasn’t very big, but it was proportionate to the rest of the resort. It was quaint. Relaxing. Or at least it was supposed to be.
“Flights are grounded,” Dean grumbled. His eyes flickered over to the window and to the thick fog just beyond it, shrouding the island in a dark mist. “I need to get home.”
“Nah, I was already up You’re the one who should be getting back to sleep,” Dean patted Cas’s leg and let his hand linger for just a moment too long before recoiling his arm entirely.
Cas got up from the table and stumbled across the room, eager to get away from Dean to cease the pain.
But, nonetheless, Castiel insisted Dean bring him things to do. So Cas spent the day shucking coconuts and braiding together thin strips of wood. They had no purpose for any rope-like material, but Cas said it was fun and it kept him busy. He ended up making a little bracelet, which he gifted to Dean. Dean accepted without hesitation.
“Sam is your brother?” Castiel assumed.
Dean and Cas leaned against a tree, shoulders pressed together, as they watched the fire dance in front of them. They didn’t talk, but instead of the nail biting awkwardness that usually followed silence, Dean found comfort in the quiet.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, using his hands to amplify his voice. “Are you alright?!”
“Yeah,” Cas reassured him. He looked into the backseat where Dean was sitting, the first time he had done so the entire trip, and offered him a smile before adjusting in his seat. Dean watched as his hand shifted on the control stick, Cas had informed him that it was actually called a cyclic, and the helicopter gently dipped to the side, making Dean reach out and grab onto the seat.
“How are you holding up?” Castiel’s voice came through the headset, crackling in Dean’s ears.
Castiel didn’t respond. He stood up from his position on the floor and made his way over to Dean, trying to focus on things besides his energy so that he wouldn’t have to go through another round of head pain.
He collected a whole bunch of coconuts by the time he came across the cliff face. It rocketed upwards, looming high over Dean. He could see where it turned from a mountain into a hill but realized that he should be heading back soon. He wasn’t cut out to climb a mountain today. Instead, he walked along the side of the rocky mountain, letting his hand scrape over the dark rock. It felt good under his fingertips- the rough texture reminded him that he was alive. That he had survived the crash.
Dean pulled up his legs and sat cross-legged in front of someone he would consider his best friend. “So what if you don’t have your grace? That doesn’t mean you’re useless! Cas, do you think we kept you around just because you’re an angel? You’re our friend- you’re part of our
Castiel shook his head. “No, Dean. The only one in here is me. Well, I guess you too, now. I’m okay, though.”
Did Dean feel good about leaving Castiel alone while he went off to look for a way to survive? No, not at all. But Dean couldn’t just sit there while Cas struggled with his concussion, so he figured it would be better for the both of them. Dean figured it wouldn’t be too bad if Cas got some sleep, anyway. He could hold a conversation alright and didn’t seem too out of it-except for the staggered walking.
They had spent just about a week on that stupid island. That wasn’t a lot of time, Dean knew that, but getting deserted in the middle of the ocean will mess with your head. They had depended on each other, relied on each other, for the whole time they were there. They were all they had. In the grand scheme of things, a week was nothing, just a blip of time that would soon blur with the rest of the year. But surviving a helicopter crash isn’t something you just forget about. It’s not something you put behind you.
They pushed through the final line of trees and appeared back at their base camp.
Dean dug his foot into the side of the mountain, wrapping his fingers tightly around a root jutting out of the ground. He moved his other foot and let out a curt breath, already searching for the next handhold.
Dean’s stomach leaped into his throat as the helicopter dropped. It was quick and Dean thought that maybe, just maybe, they had hit an air pocket of some sort. That they could recover from whatever had just happened. The helicopter began to shake, sending an earthquake through Dean’s body as his hands searched for something more secure to hold onto.
Dean sighed towards the sky, suddenly finding appreciation for the stars that sparkled above him. He smiled at them, cheesily wondering if Sam or Charlie were looking at the same stars as he was. He pushed the thought out of his mind, realizing it was dumb and that Sam and Charlie wouldn’t be looking at the stars, they would be trying to find a way to rescue Dean.
