"Have you never been rimmed before love?" He asked, the pet name spilling out before he could stop himself.
“How do you feel sweetheart?” Cas asked concerned. Dean shifted a bit and could feel the twinge in his ass; a reminder of what they just did.
; The young man whom Cas still nursed a massive crush on. The young man Cas had not seen for two months now, but who still featured in every one of Cas’ nighttime fantasies. It was ridiculous how much he was still hung on Dean, but no matter how much he tried not to, he couldn’t help but pine after the other man.
"Are you free tomorrow at 6pm. We can meet at the Roadhouse on 4th street. And it's fine if you can't be good all of the time. I'll just have to spank my bad boy."
“Your father and I don’t care who you love. The only thing that matters is that you are happy sweetheart.” She told him as she kissed the back of his neck. His body shook with the tears that were now streaming down his face. He had been so terrified that they wouldn’t love him anymore, especially his father who rarely showed any kind of tenderness. So, for him to be the first to tell Dean he loved him no matter what, made Dean throat thick with emotion. He felt so blessed to have parents that accepted him for who he was, no matter that he was gay.
He reluctantly pushed himself up off the couch and made his way to the bathroom, where he took a quick shower just to wash off all of the sweat and grime from the day, before getting out and drying off. As he opened the bathroom door to make his way to his bedroom, he heard noises coming from the living room, so he walked back down the hall to investigate. He reached the living room and that’s when he noticed that the TV playing, which was odd because he didn’t remember ever turning it on. Had he done it accidently? He didn’t think so, but maybe he was just really tired from the long day and forgot? That must be what happened. It’s not like a TV could just turn itself on, and since he lived alone, it must have been him, right? He grabbed the remote off the end table and decided he was going right to bed after all. If he could completely forget turning the TV on, then he must be more tired than he realized.
"I don't really know. I’m new to the dating game. And I could tell you liked men a little older because you like submitting. And I'm much older. So, I guess a part of me assumed I'm the oldest you have been with since I’m much older. And since I’m not, apparently that makes me jealous even though I'm
“With Dean. What did you do? He’s been brooding miserably for the last few days and he won’t talk to me. I figured it had to be something you did since he started acting like this right after your little date last Wednesday. So, I ask again, what did you do?” She crossed her arms over her chest and stared him down, waiting for an answer.
“Yes. We’ve been making our way through your list.” Cas stated, head titled in confusion before he seemed to understand where this was going.  “Ah, are you here to try another item?” He asked.
“Oh, thank you. You didn’t have to bring anything.” She took the bottle and walked to the kitchen, yelling up the stairs for Dean to come down. Cas heard footsteps coming down the stairs and then Dean turned the corner.
"Um...well yeah...I mean that's what I thought we were." Cas replied uncertain. "But if you don’t think we are there yet its fine."
Dean cried out, unable to see it coming since he was blindfolded, thighs trembling as Castiel’s tongue fucked into him.
he LARPed with her, and it had been the only spot open. Of course, Charlie insisted on calling him that now every time she saw him, even two years later.
“Yes, Dean, we really have to be here. If I have to hear you bitching about missing your crush one more time, I will go insane.” She grabbed him by the shoulders to make him look at her, eyes wide and serious. “I love you; I really do. But you need to get over him. Hit on some guys your own age and maybe get laid.”
“Oh, so that’s why you pushed me away the other day! Because you kissed me.” Dean snapped his fingers in realization.
"This car is shit and I know you agree based on the face you just made Dean." Cas laughed. " I'm really not worried about you crashing her."
Cas stared at the picture, which was clearly a sex toy made to look like a gun, and when he glanced back up at Sam, he could clearly see the younger man trying not to laugh. Ah, so he actually thought Cas was really this clueless. Sam probably figured Cas didn’t already have a vast knowledge of sex at this point and was still the naïve little Angel he had always been. The truth was actually quite the opposite. Four months of being with Dean had given him a lot of experience in the bedroom, seeing as Dean was an incredibly sexual person. This toy was actually pretty tame compared to some of the stuff they had done. Cas felt himself starting to become aroused just thinking about it, so he quickly shook himself out of those thoughts and decided to play along.
“Thirty! What the hell does a 30-year-old want with a twenty-three-year-old?” His father barked loudly, making Dean hunch his shoulders like a chastised child.
Dean whimpered softly and kissed back, tongue curling into Castiel’s mouth and groaning as he reached for Cas but couldn’t touch him.
"I've never dated anyone before either. I'm definitely the lucky one to have found him. He deserved the world." Cas smiled as he kissed Dean's cheek.
Dean blushed, taking a bite of egg. "I love you too. And it's kind of scary because I've never loved anyone before.”
"Yes, I would care, Cas. Because I'm a brat and I'm a sub and I like to be taken. What are you saying? Where is this coming from?" Dean asked, frowning.
“Yeah, me too. They, um…they want to meet you. Said to invite you over for dinner next Sunday. You and Bianca.”
“Yes... Um… Yes, I'm Mr. Novak, Bianca's father. You can call me Cas though. My uh, my first name is Castiel. And you are Mr. Winchester?” He stuttered, face blushing as he did so.
“T-take yours out too.” Dean told him, breath deep with arousal, and Cas was quick to comply, pulling his own hard cock out of his pants. He gazed back up into Dean’s eyes as they both began to stroke in earnest. He couldn’t bare to look away, entranced by the lust filled look of the other man, and soon enough he was spilling over his own fist, with Dean following shortly after.
It had been five days since Dean had run out of his house and Cas was miserable. He had given up leaving messages since the younger man never returned them. At this point, Cas was pretty positive that things were finished between the two of them, as far as dating was concerned. Dean obviously didn’t want to speak to him and Cas would have to accept that. But he was concerned. He just wanted to talk to Dean one more time, at least to make sure he was okay. Something had bothered him that night, or he wouldn’t have fled like that. He wanted to at least apologize for whatever he did that made Dean upset. He could accept that they wouldn’t go on any more dates-as much as that pained him- but he just wanted to make sure the other man was ok.
“I made extra sure to wear them tonight so we could make a good impression.” She said with as much confidence as an eight-year-old can.
“I know you have an issue with my age, and I get it, I really do. I’m a parent too and if I was in your shoes, I’d feel the same way Mr. Winchester.” He began, his palms were beginning to sweat with nerves but he pressed on, “Honesty, I haven’t had much luck in the dating scene over the years, being a single father has made it hard. Most guys run the other way when they find out I have a kid, not wanting to be tied down. But not your son, no. I spent months getting to know him slowly as my Daughter’s student teacher, and he spent months getting to know my daughter every day.” He paused, taking a deep breath before he continued. “I’m not gonna lie, I was attracted to your son the first time I saw him. But yes, his age did give me reservations at first. I didn’t think someone his age would ever give me the time of day, especially since I have a kid. Not many guys my own age would even bother, never mind someone as young as him. But you know what? He didn’t care. It wasn’t a deal breaker for him. He decided to give me a chance anyway and never makes me feel bad when I have to put Bianca first, or when I have to cancel a date because I can’t find a babysitter. Do you know how many men I’ve dated my own age that I can say that about? None. Absolutely none. Your son has shown so much more maturity than anyone I’ve ever dated before. He may only be twenty-three, but he is an adult who can make his own decisions. And I count my lucky stars every day that he decided to be with me. To accept me, baggage and all. And I don’t care how long it takes, I will prove to you that his decision wasn’t a mistake, because your son is worth it, and I’m lucky to have him in my life.” Cas finished his speech, hands shaking and throat tight with emotion. He can see Dean gaping to his side, but he just stared at John, waiting for his reaction. The older man’s eyebrows have jumped to his hairline, probably having not expected Cas to speak so strongly, before Cas saw him smirk.
“I honestly had no idea.” Cas mumbled. “But I'm not complaining. I’ve uh… I’ve had a crush on you for years.” He confessed quietly, a shy smile on his lips.
I would appreciate any comments you readers have though. And I totally welcome all constructive criticism. If you think I need to edit stuff or just have any kind of con-crit, I totally welcome it. And would appreciate it. I'm looking to become a better writer so any type of feedback is welcome. And thank you for reading.
“I’m Castiel Novak. You must be John.” He held his hand out to shake, and John took it, squeezing firmly in a show of strength as he assessed Cas.
“Sorry, you just surprised me. I had no idea Dean. But uh…thanks, you know, for telling me. I know how hard it can be to come out.” Dean felt his body untense as relief washed over him.
He didn’t often get to indulge in this secret pleasure, only maybe once every few months, but any time the rest of the bunker inhabitants were gone, he pulled out his chest of goodies and dolled himself up. It wasn’t even always sexual, though he couldn’t deny the thrill that went through him whenever he slipped into a sexy pair of panties.
“Fuck Cas. Please.” Dean begged. Cas quickly stripped off his own clothes and reached into the nightstand for their bottle of lube. He moved to sit in between Dean’s legs, spreading them apart to make room. A cold, wet finger circled his hole before it pushed in, sinking all the way to the last knuckle. Cas had already fingered him a few times, so Dean was used to this part; although this time, it wasn’t the main attraction. No, that would be finally taking Cas’ cock inside him. Just the thought had his cock so hard beneath him. Cas wasted no time stretching him out, and before he knew it, the fingers left his ass and were replaced by the blunt head of Cas’ cock at his hole.
the amount of times I had to turn my head so the kids wouldn’t see me laughing when I was in the classroom, heh.” Dean chuckled.
“Fuck.” Dean whispered. He reached out to rub his hand up Cas’ thigh. “God that’s sexy.” Cas just hummed in response before he began fingering himself, quickly adding a second finger and scissoring them to stretch his hole. Dean just watched, mesmerized at the sight in front of him. Cas soon deemed himself ready and removed both fingers before turning and straddling Dean’s legs. He handed him the condom which Dean hurriedly put on after he pulled his briefs off. Cas grabbed Dean’s cock to line it up with his hole, and before he knew it, Cas was sinking down on his hard cock, both of them groaning once he bottomed out.
Dean took a deep inhale and let it out. "Yeah. We can go.”  They both got back in the car and Dean drove them to Cas' place where they both went inside.
“Sorry… I, uh…it’s just… it's been a long day. Just thinking about class tomorrow.” He lied quickly, trying to school his features into something believable.
Dean sat back after he finished, looking up at Cas, and curling a foot around Castiel’s ankle teasingly.
"I love when my boy is good. I’m going to undress you now and I want you to stay still." Cas said. And he slowly started taking off Dean's clothes. He pulled his shirt off and Dean lifted his arms so he could. Then he began undoing his jeans buttons and zippers as he peeled Dean's jeans off of him. He made sure his shoes and socks were off and then finished with pulling Dean's underwear off. He was very impressed that Dean managed to stay still the entire time he undressed him.
Dean wavered back and forth before ordering a Tavern burger and turning back to Cas. "Happy Valentine’s Day," he said quietly, handing Cas a box.
"No, it's something we needed to talk through." Dean sat and took his own breakfast, eating happily.
“So…. don’t leave a girl hanging!” They both laughed at her and Dean put his arm around Cas shoulder and placed a kiss to his forehead, making Charlie squeal in delight.
“Fuck!” He yelped as he jumped out of the scolding hot spray; skin burning where the water hit his back. Somehow, the god damn toilet flushed by itself, taking all the cold water from the shower with it. He shut the water off quickly, before getting out a drying off. He was so fucking done with this day. Nothing had gone right, and everything had been a damn headache.
"Have you decided what you want Dean?" Cas asked while silently hoping Dean wanted to take charge just this one time.
Cas chuckled lightly. He was so into what they were doing that he completely forgot he even told Dean he needed permission to come. "It's alright love. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself." He replied as he tightened his arm around his boy.
Dean finally got enough of toying around. He grabbed his cock and started stroking himself to get hard. He hoped Cas didn’t notice that he had not been hard at all this whole time. He managed to stroke himself to hardness and laid over Cas and lined his cock up.
“Huh….” He muttered at that revelation. He had been so worried about coming out and Sam had known all this time? “And you…you, d-don’t care that I’m gay?” His squeaked uncertainly, praying that Sam really didn’t care.
“Nice to meet you.” Dean held his hand out for the other man to shake. Gabe just looked at the offered hand and smirked.
“Yes, really. A lot of gay men don’t even like anal. It’s actually way more common than society makes it seem. The porn industry really is to blame in my opinion. The whole industry puts unrealistic expectations and thoughts into people’s head about what gay sex is really like. In reality, blowjobs and frottage and things like that are way more common for gay men to engage in with their partners. Anal is not the be all, end all of sex. Don’t get me wrong, it is definitely something I enjoy, but it’s a personal preference.” Cas finished his whole speech, leaving Dean gaping like a fish before he was finally able to reply.
“Yes…if that’s something you want Dean. I’d um…I’d love for us to live together.” He barely got the words out before Dean leaped out of his chair and almost into Cas’ lap and attacked Cas’ face with kisses.
The next day Castiel’s radio crackled with an alert, "Novak, shoplifting alert at Clerk’s on 4th and Cedar.”
“That was…nice.” He wanted to kick himself for such a lame description of what they had just shared, but
“Ok fuck this Cassie. I believe you, but I’m getting the hell out of here.” Gabe scrambled off of the couch, before grabbing his stuff from the bedroom and hightailing it out of the house. As soon as the door shut behind him, the lights stopped flickering and Cas sat there, trying to figure out what the hell he was going to do about this. His lease wouldn’t be up for another five months but
Of course, Dean had already learned his habits. It was both endearing as well as annoying. "Valentine's day is next week." Cas said as if that was enough explanation.
He made his way down the stairs to wait outside for his Date. He didn’t want Cas coming to the door and risk his parents finding out he was going on a date with a guy. He had just told them a friend was picking him up to go out to a club so they didn’t question his choice of outfit.
“Oh, trust me Honeybee, this is a present for both of us.” He winked, rather badly if Dean was being honest. God, he loved his dork.
"Dude, I stole peanut butter for you." Dean rolled to face him, trailing fingers down the muscles of Castiel’s abdomen. "Besides, after that? There’s no way I wouldn't come back."
“Dude! You totally love the appeal of older men with scruff and dark hair! Harrison Ford? Dr. Sexy?” She accused.
“No. I know Gabe. And I appreciate everything you’ve done for me.” He told him sincerely, and it was the truth. He may be a pain in the ass sometimes, but he always had Cas’ back when it matters, and this time was no different. He’d dropped everything to help him leave Bartholomew and move out here.
“Thank God it’s Friday, right?” The other man chuckled and Cas nodded in agreement as their gaze locked on one another; Green eyes drawing him in. He almost forgot where he was for a minute, until he overheard one of the kids in the lobby near him misquoting one of his favorite movies.
“What…uh…what are you gonna do about it?” Dean asked breathily as his own cock began to harden, the panties barely containing his girth. Cas just grinned ferally before lifting Dean and throwing him on the bed beside them. He stripped out of his clothes and climbed on the bed gracefully as if he was stalking his prey. He gently removed the heels on Dean’s feet before blanketing the man beneath him. Dean felt their hard cocks brush together, pulling a whine from deep in his throat.
“I haven’t been completely, um…completely truthful Cas.” Dean began. “I’ve been pretty sure I’m not straight for longer than I let on. Truth is, I only really asked to experiment with you because I wanted you. You’re hot, ya know?” He shrugged. “But after the first time we touched, I started catching feelings, beyond just wanting to have sex with you. And then the more we did, the harder I fell. I’ve been positive I was Bi since almost the beginning, but I, heh…. I didn’t want to admit that, because I didn’t want to stop all of this.” He waved his hand between the two of them. “So yeah, I uh I love you, I’m in love with you Cas.” He smiled then, and Cas just stared at him as he processed everything Dean just said.
He must have still been drunk on endorphins, because before he could think on it, he blurted out “I wanna have sex.”
Charlie noticed his bad mood as well, when they met for drinks that night. He tried to hide his feelings under a mask but she knew him too well.
Dean just stared at the shelf, and just like in the picture on Facebook, the shelf stood there with a shit ton of dildos on it. Now, he wasn’t a stranger to toys. He may have only recently acknowledged the fact that he was bi, but he had been using dildos for the last 5 years. If 4.5 of those years was him claiming he was a straight guy who enjoyed prostate stimulation, well, no one had to know. He had recently finally acknowledged that he wasn’t straight but that was neither here nor there.
He heard cheers from all of the people surrounding him, but he paid them no mind. The only people he cared about in this moment was the man in his arms and the little girl hugging his waist. They were his everything, his whole world. And they would be his future. He couldn’t think of a better place to be.
“Don’t talk about my best friend like that.” A firm glare on was on her face, before it softened slightly to go on. “You’re an adult Dean, you aren’t some scrawny kid. And Cas would be lucky to date you. Just…think positively for a change.” His mouth turned up slightly at the corners at her words, and he pulled her into a hug, kissing the side of her head as he did.
“Kissing, hand jobs, frottage…Ok I see you’ve done some thinking on this.” Cas said as he read the list Dean had made. He began to blush at some of the words, ‘anal’ in particular. “So, you, um…it seems you want to try a bit of everything.”
"Yes." Dean said firmly, "I absolutely do." He finished the last of his fries and his drink and dug out his wallet.
"Are you gonna come again my love? I'd love to feel you come on my cock while I’m pounding your tight ass. I want to feel you milk my cock when you tighten around it."
Dean sighed, "I can try but...Cas I'm really not into that." He rolled off the bed and sighed. "I'm going to make breakfast.”
Dean ruffled his hair. "You're adorable. I'll be here by 9:30. At this rate I should just move in." He joked, going to clean dishes.
“Hey Cas.” Dean leaned in and kissed his boyfriend chastely before they made their way into the house.
Dean pretended to think about this, tapping his chin. "Well I suppose I could be persuaded." He wrapped arms around his neck and gave a squeeze.
“I l-love you Cas.” He blurted out as he felt his eyes well up with emotion. He watched a look of shock pass over Cas’ face before it melted into one of awe.
The young lady, Charlie, leaned into their space and whispered to Bianca, “That guy in the tank is my best friend Dean. I really want you to dunk him. Do you think you can do that for me Bianca?” she asked.
“My apologies. I should have asked first. I would like to open you up with my tongue first before I stretch you with my fingers. May I do that Dean?” Cas asked, voice gravely with arousal. Dean felt his cock twitch where it was trapped below him.
Dean shut his eyes tight, and with clenched fists he gritted out “I came in my pants.” Cas couldn’t help the small chuckle that escaped his lips.
“Stop doing that. Stop trying to be overly flirty with me. Do you honestly want me Dean? Like, really want me? Or are you just hoping for a one-time thing where I finally get fed up with you and just take you? Be honest. I want to know the truth. What do you REALLY want of me?” Cas asked exasperated.
and it would be Dean’s last day student teaching. He would be sad to leave and not see these kids anymore. But if he was being honest with himself, the thing he was going to miss the most was seeing the gorgeous blue-eyed man every day. After today, he would probably never see Cas again.
Cas climbed between Dean's legs and guided his cock to his entrance. He pushed and felt the head of his cock breach Dean's tight hole.
“Why would you think I wouldn’t? I mean, I really wish you would stop taunting me by committing petty crimes. But why would you think I wouldn’t want you if you just came up to me and told me how you feel? And honestly, what do you feel? Am I just a game to you that you hope to win and move on from? Just fucking be honest for once.” Cas asked dejectedly.
Dean grinded his teeth for a second before walking back inside the house quietly, picking up a paper towel and wiping the egg off the floor.
“Papa, are we going out to eat yet!” Bianca whined as she tugged on his sleeve. He was pretty impressed that she had sat through the entire graduation without complaining until now.
“Mr. Winchester t-that’s n-not approp-appropriate. I have no…no reason to frisk you. Unless, unless you have something illegal in your possession. Do you have anything illegal that I should know about?” Officer Novak asked. He was still trying to regain control of the situation that kept slowly slipping put of his control.
“Good morning everyone! My name is Miss Moseley and I will be your teacher this year. This young man next to me will be my assistant teacher until December. His name is Mr. Winchester. Now we are going to go ahead and go around the room and I want you each to say your first and last name and something fun you did this summer. Let’s start with you.” She pointed to a girl in the first row.
“Hurry up Bee! I don’t want to show up late!” Cas yelled up to his daughter who was taking her sweet time getting ready. He patted his pockets, making sure he had everything, before he took one last quick look in the mirror. He looked good, like a proper presentable boyfriend. He was so anxious about meeting Dean’s parents tonight, and he really hoped he would make a decent first impression on them.  Dean had warned him that his father had reservations about him dating an older man with a child; Cas understood where he was coming from, being a parent himself. He couldn’t really blame John for being overprotective; He’s sure he will be too once Bee gets older.
Cas slowly kissed down Dean's body. He stopped at his nipples and licked and sucked on them before moving down and sucking hickeys on his body.
“Wait…what?” He blurted out dumbly, the words not making sense to him. There was no way he heard that right.
“Hello Sam. I have a problem and I was wondering if you could possibly help me.” He explained ad he took the seat across from his friend.
Dean hummed thoughtfully, then wrapped arms around his neck. "But you're the only one I've ever been in love with.” He smiled cutely.
Well, guess he didn't buy it. "It’s nothing. It's just... I'm still having a hard time believing you really want me. That it wasn't just a one-time thing for sex. I still think I'm too old for someone as young and pretty as you." Cas admitted truthfully.
“I’m very glad you asked me on this date Cas. I uh…I’ve been, um… kinda crushing on you for…uh… awhile now.” He confessed, fiddling with his fingers nervously, where they rested in his lap.
“F-fuck C-Cas.” Dean whimpered as his boyfriend frotted against him, over and over. The panties made it feel incredible and his orgasm was building fast. Before he knew it, his balls pulled tight and he felt himself coming in his panties.
Dean sighed, smirking, "You saying you're going to have saggy balls in less than 30 years?” He joked.
Cas squeezed into the booth next to Dean. He really hoped they would like him. He was so out of his element meeting the family of someone he was dating. This was a first for him. And he still worried that Dean’s family wouldn’t be ok with the age difference.
Cas sighed. "Come here Dean." He said. When Dean came to the bed, Cas pulled him down so that Dean was laying on the bed with his head on Cas' lap. He ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Dean, have you ever actually been with a Dom?" Cas asked.
Dean lived in a tiny apartment on the corner of a street at the edge of town. He dressed nice, a green button down with sleeves rolled to the elbows, and hips and ass fitting black slacks.
"I'll text you, but Friday should be fine. I'm fixing up a car for some pocket cash or I'd come sooner.” He answered regretfully.
Once Cas bottomed out, he stilled for a few seconds before he pulled out slowly and thrust his cock back in hard. He repeated that over and over as he set a slow but hard pace.
“Dean is trying to win an eBay auction and he asked me to send him ‘good vibes’. I am unsure as to what he is referring. Do you know?” He questioned his brother, hoping he could shed some insight.
Dean gasped in surprise at the slap, clenching around Cas. "Nooo, your cock is perfect. I love it pounding my ass." Dean whimpered, almost shouting now.
Dean tilted his hips up, trying to get Cas to hit where he wanted him to touch. "Faster, master, please." He groaned, frustrated with the slow pace and tears jerked from his eyes with every slam in.
“Did you think we wouldn’t accept you?” His father asked, sounding hurt, and Dean felt guilty for making him sound that way.
“Nope. I don’t have any grandma or grandpas, just Uncle Gabe. But if my papa and Dean gets married, you can be my grandma.” Bianca announced happily, making Cas choke on air, and sputter. He thought he’d nipped the marriage conversation in the bud already, but apparently Bianca would not be deterred.
"I agree. I'm very happy we did. I know we haven't been together very long but I love you very much." Cas smiled sincerely.
This was one of his secret indulgences. As a hunter, he always needed to be tough and strong, and he always dressed in a similar fashion, with his flannel, jeans and boots. He liked those clothes, sure. They were practical after all when he was out hunting creatures. But he also secretly longed to feel pretty; to feel more feminine. It was something he warred with himself over, ever since he was a teenager and had seen his first drag queen. He had been in awe at seeing a man in women’s clothes; something he had never seen or even knew was a thing before that day. He remembered wondering what it would feel like to dress like that; to look at himself in a mirror and see someone pretty looking back. He had no desire to go full on drag, or be someone different. He just wanted to be Dean, but sometimes maybe a more feminine version.
Dean looked at him with glazed eyes and licked his lips, “Huh?" He blinked, resting his head on Castiel’s chest. "So good.” He slurred.
Luckily today was Friday, so after pick up in the afternoon, he wouldn’t have to see Dean for the next two days. Hopefully, a few days away from the young man would lessen Cas’ lust filled thoughts. It was a bit ridiculous that he was in his thirties and nursing a school girl crush on another man. It had been a long time since he felt an attraction like this to anyone, much less someone so much younger than himself.
Dean woke up still curled up around Cas and he smiled hugely, burying his face in his skin and inhaling. Castiel was more than he could ever have imagined when he was painting graffiti to get his attention.
"If you do like it rough, we can definitely explore that together. I have no problems pushing your limits if that's what you want. And I do love a sub who’s a little bratty. That's one of the things that attracted me to you. But I also love being able to praise and reward a sub when they try to be good for me. And aftercare is one of my favorite things." Cas said, still running his fingers through Dean's hair.
“Fuck!” He yelled to his empty room and he tugged at his hair in frustration. He needed to talk to someone. He needed to get this out. He wracked his brain trying to figure out who he should call. Finally, he decided he should call his brother. They had always had each other’s backs and Dean knew Sam wouldn’t care that he had a thing for guys. Hell, Sam had gone to California for college, and was now working as a Lawyer specializing in discrimination lawsuits. If anyone wasn’t going to judge him, it would be Sam. So, Dean grabbed his phone off the nightstand and dialed his number. After three rings, he finally picked up.
“Oh, well…. then what happened? Why did you run out of my house last week?” Cas asked, confusion clear in his voice.
“Please don’t tell us you got a girl pregnant.” His dad begged which caused a small chuckle to escape his lips.
“Yes. Yes, yes yes.” Dean spoke between pecks to Cas’ cheeks, lips, and nose and the older man chuckled at his boyfriend’s antics. “God Cas. I was so bummed that we might not get to spend as much time together once I start teaching. But…
“Um…sure…I will send you some ‘good vibes.’ ” Cas replied, not sure what Dean meant but he would find out and send him some if that is what he needed.
Thankfully, his parents were out when he got home and he was able to slink up to his room without having to try to have a conversation with anyone first. Anyone would be able to see how upset he was, and he didn’t want to have to explain himself. He needed time to brood with his own thoughts before he had to interact with anyone like a normal person. He needed to lick his wounds in private, and try to forget about the other man. It’s not like they could continue to date. Dean would have to explain what happened first of all, and he knew once he did, that Cas wouldn’t want him anymore. Why would an experienced 30-year-old man want an inexperienced Virgin like Dean? Cas would probably be nice about it too, letting him down gently, but Dean wouldn’t be able to bare the rejection, regardless of how kind the older man was. No, it would be better if he just ignored any calls from Cas from now on. The other man would get the message eventually and they could move on. It hurt, but it would only hurt worse when he saw the look in Cas’ eyes when he found out what an embarrassment Dean was. Those thoughts consumed him as he finally fell into a restless sleep that night.
"Of course, Dean." Cas smiled. He was happy Dean seemed to be open to truly trying this. It killed him that Dean never had anyone take care of him.
Cas climbed up next to Dean on the hood, looking up at the sky too. He had to admit, it was a pretty good view.
“Sorry for my rant, I just didn’t want you to think it was something you are required to do.” Cas reached out to squeeze his hand and Dean smiled at the thoughtfulness of his boyfriend. “Is it still something you wish to try?”
“Dean, Sweetheart, two years ago we met here in this very spot. I had no idea just how much that day would change my life. I was…I was so lonely before you, and I didn’t even realize how much, until you filled that empty spot in my heart.” Dean could see Cas’ eyes tearing up to match his own. “You’ve welcomed us into your own family, and gave us something we’ve never had before. So now, I’d like to welcome you officially into ours. Dean, my love, will you do me the honor of marrying me, of becoming my husband, and giving My daughter another man to call her dad?” Dean’s lips were trembling as the tears flowed freely now and he just nodded his head, unable to even speak past the lump of emotions in his throat. Cas chuckled and took the ring out of the box before placing it on Dean’s left ring finger. He stood up and pulled Dean into a hug. “Thank you for making me the happiest man in the world” He whispered. “I Love you so much.”
of those were proved wrong tonight. You have a chance now Dean. We could come back here a few times and maybe you’ll run into him again.” She offered, and Dean felt a tendril of hope inside at the thought that maybe that could happen. He told himself he was being foolish though.
Cas stalked to the driver’s side and bent down, face close to the hunter. “Get. Out. Of. The. Car.” He repeated slowly, through gritted teeth, carefully enunciating every word. He watched Dean’s Adam’s apple bob as he gulped, eyes wide.
That didn’t mean he felt ready though, oh no. Totally the opposite. He felt like he was going to throw up every time he thought about it. He had so many emotions running through him that it was hard to wade his way through the river of his feelings. There was fear and terror. There was anxiousness and hope. He was a jumble of nerves, not knowing how they would react. Would they accept him? Or would they disown him like Cas’ parents had? Maybe they would even tell him they loved him but didn’t want to see any of his relationships in their face. There were so many possibilities of how it could go down, that he was making himself crazy just imagining them.
“Hello Dean. What’s up?” Cas asked as he moved his laptop off of his lap and onto the desk beside his bed.
.” Dean agreed, interesting word choice considering what they were doing. His roommate didn’t sound to be too affected by it though, voice only slightly breathy.
“No worries! The name’s Charlie.” She smiled, waving off his apology. “How is your daughter doing? She was absolutely adorable!” She exclaimed perkily.
Cas threw his head back and laughed. "You really are adorable." He said fondly as he began making dinner. He put the burgers in a pan to cook and got a soda out for both of them and handed one to Dean.
Cas smiled back at Dean and then started the bath. He added in a couple of handfuls of Epsom salt and a few cap fulls of relaxing oils. Once the water was high enough, he shut it off and climbed in the bath. "Come sit in front of me love." He said to Dean. Dean slid in the bath and leaned back against him, giving a soft happy moan. Cas pulled Dean back against his chest. He took the wash cloth and began washing his boy's body.
"Don't worry Dean. Once we finish eating, I fully plan to fuck that pretty mouth of yours." He said as he leaned in and kissed Dean.
“You know, I’ve never actually been there, but I’ve heard they have really good food. And apparently their peach margaritas are amazing.” Dean offered in response.
Castiel was sulking around his house when he heard the doorbell ring. Figuring it was some scout trying to sell something, he opened his door. But he wasn't expecting what he saw. There, in the flesh, was Dean Winchester. He had been certain he wouldn't show. But there he was.
“Fine. You want to ‘jerk off’ together then?” Cas even threw in the air quotes, his roommate always made fun of him for.
"You're my little slut, aren't you? You love taking my cock." Cas said as he fucked Dean as hard as he could.
“Dean! Dean! I don’t understand. Dean! Why are you laughing?” He heard Cas yell into the phone. He held the phone up to his face again as he tried to explain.
"Please, can I?" Dean sobbed with another slam to his prostate, thighs tightening and back arching up, fighting it as hard as he could.
. He really had to have a talk with his body about its reactions to this man. It was becoming ridiculous.
Dean ordered a huge stack of pancakes and coffee, digging in when it arrived and humming happily. "This is fantastic!”
Dean moaned, spreading his legs wider and encouraging it. "Fuck, Cas, yes. Please don’t stop.” He begged.
“Bianca! Mr. Winchester is here! Please come downstairs!” He yelled up to his daughter, as he made his way to the front door to greet the other man. Dean stood on the other side of his front door; a smile on his handsome face.
“He can be a real pain in the ass sometimes, like last Friday…” Cas chuckled fondly “But I owe him everything. He was there for me when I had no one. He still has my back when I need him. I wouldn’t be where I am without him.”
The party was loud and fun, people drank and danced to the music playing. They ate delicious food and Bianca had a great time. Cas didn’t get to talk to Dean much, since he was constantly being pulled in different directions, everyone wanting to congratulate him on his graduation. Charlie sat with Cas for a while though and they chatted about all different things. They had both gotten close over the last few months as well, and Cas was incredibly grateful to the fiery red head. If it hadn’t been for her, Dean and him most likely wouldn’t be together right now. He owed so much to her.
Finally, Dean sat up and looked at Cas with a shy smile on his face. “That, um…that was nice.” He said finally, looking absolutely adorable. Cas just smiled up at him.
Dean wasn’t stupid either; he knew why he wasn’t ready for it to end. He had feelings for his best friend that went way past lust and into that other L-word that he wasn’t ready to say quite yet. But it was obvious that Cas didn’t feel the same way. Cas had known he was gay the entirety of their friendship, and never once had he even hinted to having any feelings towards Dean. Cas didn’t even want to kiss him because that would be too
Dean purred, wriggling against Castiel’s front, rubbing his ass against him. "You're right, I absolutely love this height difference.
“I didn’t exactly want you to know.” He shrugged. “I thought you were straight this whole time, and that I’d never have a chance with you. So, when you said you might not be straight and that you wanted to experiment with me, I figured it would be my only chance to be with you like that. But it’s why I refused to kiss you. I knew once I did, it would hurt too bad not to really be with you.”
…. I can’t believe this. Shit I’m so happy right now.” Dean kissed him right on the lips before jumping up from the table and yelling loud. “We’re moving in together!”
Music started playing from the speaker and both men watched Bianca dance around as she belted out the lyrics to the current song. They glanced over at each other and smiled at her enthusiasm.
“Gabe, I swear I didn’t write that. I was in the kitchen the whole time.” Cas tried to assure his brother, while slowly freaking out inside. This was the second time there had been something written on the mirror. His face must have given away how serious he was because Gabe’s shoulders dropped and he began to look a little less skeptical.
"I also promised I would cook you dinner. I was planning on making burgers. And I have a pie in the fridge if you would like some after." Cas said as he made his way to the fridge to pull out the stuff he needed.
Dean smiled, going to pick through the movies. He selected a lighthearted Disney movie he was surprised Cas even had and popped it in, kicking off his Jean's and laying back in the bed.
“Yes Bee. A couple of more minutes and we will be leaving honey.” He promised her as he pushed his way through the crowds of people to get to his boyfriend. Dean looked up and smiled at him before leaning in for a kiss that Cas was happy to provide.
“Is this Dean? “The man asked. His voice sounded familiar, but it was always hard to tell through phones.
“Cas, we’ve been over this already. Its fine. There is nothing to apologize for.” He insisted again. “I really don’t mind having your daughter with us.”
Dean blushed, but did as Cas said, spreading his legs wide to make room for his boyfriend. Cas scooted up and lifted Dean’s legs to rest on his thighs, shifting the pillow beneath Dean’s ass to prop him up better. Cas opened the bottle and squirted lube onto the fingers of his right hand, warming them between his fingers. He held Dean open with his other hand as he pressed a lubed finger to Dean’s hold. Dean’s heart started to race in anticipation of feeling a finger press inside of him for the first time.
“Oh yes, heh… Your daughter made sure to remind me all about how she dunked me that day.” Dean chuckled, hand going to rub the back of his neck. “I um… I am a student, I'm, uh, actually student teaching this semester here in miss Moseley’s class. So… I guess we'll be seeing each other a lot.” Dean explained with a shy smile. They locked eyes and stared each other way longer than was socially acceptable, before Bianca pulled on his sleeve to get his attention. He broke eye contact to look down at his daughter.
“You don’t um, have to feel…. obligated, I just…. You know what? This was a bad idea. I’m just going to hang up n….” Cas stuttered before Dean interrupted his babbling.
“I told you.” Cas gloated before he dove back in with fervor, licking broad stripes from Dean’s balls, up his perineum and across his virgin hole. God it felt so fucking good. How had he never experienced this before? Fuck he could do this every day. Cas placed his lips around his hole and sucked, before pointing his tongue and pressing in.
“She’s doing well. I’m actually on my way to go pick her up from school.” He told her. “I’m really hoping she had a good day. I always worry.” He confessed.
"I wish you were here all of the time." Cas sobbed. "I miss you when you are not in my bed" he hugged Dean tightly.
Dean squeezed his hand. "Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day. I hope you have a good work shift.” He said sincerely.
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to laugh. Its just…” He chuckled again to himself. “I uh, I had something similar happen to me when I was younger.” He explained, hoping to make Dean feel better about his embarrassment. It was crystal clear now to Cas why Dean had run out that night. It made him feel a lot better about the whole situation now that he knew it was likely just embarrassment that caused this whole situation. That he could work with.
"I was wondering...why you always wear a condom. I like having it feel like my belly is full of my master’s come." Dean rested his hand on his belly as if imagining it. "I think yours would go so deep.”
“As long as I’m spending time with you, it really doesn’t matter.” And he was being completely honest. He loved spending time with the older man, regardless of what they were doing. It was so easy to just be with him. They rarely had any awkward moments anymore, the more time they spent together. It was just so easy to become comfortable around Cas. And Bianca made him laugh on a near constant basis. He had come to really care about the little girl, more than he ever cared for any other kid he’d been around.
“Well as much as I’d like to believe you, ghosts aren’t real.” Gabe gave him a look that clearly said he thought Cas was either dumb or crazy, before he walked down the hall and dropped his duffle bag off in the spare room he’d be staying in, and then made his way back to the living room.
“So, I was thinking…” Dean began nervously as he wrung his hands together. “We’ve uh, we’ve done the hand jobs and blow jobs. And uh…the whole frottage thing already…”
Dean stirred up eggs for scrambled eggs and sausage, raiding the fridge to add onions, peppers and cheese. He yawned, sighing.
“Damn, we need to send Gabe a thank you.” Dean mumbled against his chest, making Cas chuckle fondly as he rubbed his hand up and down the other man’s back. Maybe he wouldn’t kill Gabe after all. He did help him land a new boyfriend after all.
“Ahem.... You must be Mr. Novak.” The man said, as he held his hand out for Cas to shake, causing the older man to shake himself out of his stupor to take the younger man's hand in his. As they touched, Cas felt a spark fly between them.
Cas still wasn’t sure what he should do. Should he cave to his attraction? He was still in a place of power over Dean. He was so torn.
“We figured you knew that we knew. You’d always crushed on male celebrities; I didn’t know it was a secret.” His mom just shrugged and Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation.
“Does that mean you guys are boyfriends?” The curious little girl questioned, face a picture of innocence. Dean spit out his mouthful of water all over the plate in front of him, and Cas froze, not sure how to answer that question.
“Hello Charlie. Things are alright. Thank God it’s Friday though. I’m exhausted.” He lamented, making her chuckle.
“He’s probably straight first off. Plus, why would someone like him want a 22 year old virgin. Just forget it Red. Its not like I even plan on dating right now anyway. I’m still in the damn closet for Christ’s sake!” He argued back.
He stayed wrapped in their arms until the tears finally stopped and he moved to sit up, ending the family hug. He reached his hand up to wipe away the wetness on his cheeks. “Th-thank you.” He managed to choke out, voice hoarse from crying.
Also, I may decide to write some timestamps for this fic. If you have something you'd like to see let me know!
“Awesome Man. Thanks. Hey I’m gonna run. I gotta wake up super early for work tomorrow, so I’ll catch ya later.”
Dean looked very surprised to see tears, sitting down and resting a hand on his shoulder. "Well I'm here. And I'm not going anywhere.” He said sincerely.
Dean arched at the sucks to his sensitive nipples, hardening under Castiels tongue, more sensitive than most men. He shivered every time a hickey was sucked on and his cock was definitely rock hard against his belly.
“Are you gay like Papa?” She asked Dean, and Cas watched a small blush appear on the younger man’s cheeks.
“Don’t worry Cas. I know your daughter is the most important person in your life and that she will always come first.” He assured him. “I love kids, which is why I’m becoming a teacher first of all, and I’m fully aware that you are a package deal.”
“That was dirty Charlie! Getting a young child to do your dirty work!” He yelled out to Charlie. Castiel could tell that he was only playfully glaring though. Dean began to climb out of the tank and Castiel became mesmerized at the way his white tank clung to his body and became almost see-through, showing off his pecks and abs. Castiel felt his mouth go dry and his pants tighten slightly as he watched Dean’s pants hang low on his hips and a sliver of skin show on his body. Cas looked quickly away from Deans body before he could be accused of checking him out. This was totally not a venue that he should be having these thoughts at.
Cas hit Dean's hole again and again. He loved watching Dean yelp and try to flinch away while still trying to take his punishment.
“I, uh, I’ve never shown anyone this, uh…this side of myself. Didn’t feel like being made fun of, he.” He laughed humorlessly, still feeling embarrassed and vulnerable.
“Why not?” The other man’s hand dropped from where it was reaching for the door handle, and his head tilted in confusion.
“I do. I care about your son a lot. And I understand your concerns, but just know, I’d never do anything to hurt him.” He promised the man.
Cas was so nervous as he drove to meet Dean's family at the restaurant. When he pulled in, he saw Dean's beautiful car in the lot and he walked in and told the hostess who he was meeting. She led him to a booth where he saw Dean, a really tall younger guy, and an older man in a trucker cap. Dean looked up and waved him over once he saw him. He smiled at him as Sam and Bobby looked up. Dean scooted over and cleared his throat, "Cas, this is my brother Sam and my Uncle Bobby. Guys this is Castiel.” Dean introduced them.
"Master, gonna come, gonna come!" Dean writhed, chest heaving with heavy breaths, chains on the cuffs rattling.
"I promised I wouldn't and you promised me cock." Dean turned to him, setting the jar on the counter and setting the ring gag in Castiel’s hand.
Once they caught their breaths, Cas rose up off of Dean’s cock, both of them wincing at the feeling, before they cleaned themselves up with tissues beside the bed. Dean laid down on his back, pulling Cas down with him to lay on his chest as he held him tight.
Cas quickly made his way to the bathroom and wet a washcloth and brought it back. He gently cleaned his cum from Dean's ass and prodded Dean to turn over so he could clean his release from him as well. Then he climbed in bed and pulled Dean to lay on his chest as he kissed his forehead.
“What did you do?” She demanded, glaring at him with such anger that he was taken aback. He had only ever seen her bubbly, and didn’t even know she was capable of such venom in her voice.
Dean chuckled, "Yes, I guess I can." He kissed back and put the eggs on a plate and sausage on the other. "Here, eat. We both have work.”
Sam, Dean, and Cas had been out at a bar, celebrating a successful hunt, when an attractive man had come up to Cas, asking if he could buy him a drink. Cas had known the man was trying to hit on him, but he played it up like he was confused and told the man he already had a drink so he didn’t need another one. Dean had always found his cluelessness amusing, so sometimes Cas purposely pretended he didn’t know what was going on, just to see the amused smile light up Dean’s freckled face. But Dean wasn’t smiling that time. In fact, he had looked rather pissed and stormed out of the booth and out of the bar. Cas had followed and caught up to Dean quickly once they were outside. When he confronted Dean as to what was wrong, Dean had blushed and stammered out an excuse before he said ‘fuck it’ and kissed Cas straight on the lips. Cas had frozen at first, shocked that Dean was kissing him, but he quickly got with the program and kissed back because
“Dean!” Cas moaned as the other man turned the vibrations up, the toy nailing his prostate as Dean fucked it inside him hard and fast.
By this point, Bianca had started tugging on Cas’ sleeve, clearly not caring that her father was having a
"I was telling the truth. I like being used, to be pushed past what I'm used to." Dean sighed. "But I understand what you're saying. And obviously I did something really wrong.”
He drove to the store, locking his car before making his way inside. He picked out a raspberry danish this time, and made his way up to the counter.
“Ok good. So that’s settled then. Age difference is not a problem for either of us. That’s one of the elephants in the room taken care of at least.”
Dean went to his room and stripped in a pile of clothing on the floor and climbed onto the bed on his stomach, excited.
Dean laid his head back into Castiel’s lap and looked up at him. "My limits are scat and illegal shit. My expectation is to be used like the brat I am. I don’t have any limits. I want to be pushed, forced. Is that what you needed?" Dean snapped back at him.
"Yeah. Said they didn’t care as long as I was happy, especially Sam." Dean turned so he could snuggle into Castiel’s chest.
The next few days were spent slowly becoming normal around each other again, and by Friday, they were back to normal. Dean had also spent those days scheming up a way that he could get Cas to do more with him. He finally made a plan and as the two of them sat on the couch, drinking beer and eating pizza, he finally got the courage to broach the topic with Cas.
Dean laughed as the water angle hit him straight in the face. "Well, you are taller than me." He grinned and moved to the side
Cas had just rolled his eyes in annoyance before insisting they both get checked out for STIs and Dean reluctantly agreed. That ended up being probably the most awkward doctor visit of his life. He still couldn’t look at a q-tip without shuddering after getting the inside of his junk swabbed. Luckily, they had both been disease free. They had had a few more make out sessions on the couch, but they still hadn’t gone any further than jerking each other off.
Dean snorted, "Alright, gotta admit you got the bad end of the deal." He followed Cas into his car and buckled in.
“Shhhh, my pretty little princess shouldn’t cry.” He whispered, breath tickling Dean’s ear, causing him to gasp, both at the sensation and at the words. He pulled back to look into his boyfriend’s eyes, expecting to see mocking in his gaze, but instead he was met with a warm smile and a fond look as Cas reached out to swipe the tear from Dean’s cheek. “What’s wrong beloved?”
Cas looked up into Dean's eyes and could see the truth there. He pulled Dean into his lap, straddling his thighs and pulled him into one of the most passionate kisses he ever had.
"In the future...I don’t want that much prep. I like when it stretches, when it has to be forced in a little. Is that okay?" Dean sounded embarrassed to be asking, averting his eyes.
Cas was smiling fondly before he slowly leaned in. Dean’s eyes closed in instinct before he felt soft lips touch his own.
“So what? So, you did something a little embarrassing, big deal. Its not the end of the world. And its not a good enough reason to ghost Cas like that.” She argued.
Once Cas was satisfied that Dean was ready, he slipped a condom on and guided his cock to his boy's entrance. He slowly pushed in, letting Dean get used to the stretch as he went.
“I dunno!” Dean shrieked all flustered. “I hit the wrong thumbnail or something, figured it was like a three-way maybe, but by the time I realized no girls were joining in, I’d already started, ya know.” He made a vague jerking off motion.
Dean took a deep breath and concentrated on the gentle hands in his hair. He hadn't had touches like this ever since he could remember. "I do want this to work. But you're confusing me. Everything you're doing is new and weird.”
“Dean, your parents love you. I’m sure they won’t care sweetheart.” He felt warmth flow through him at the term of endearment. It helped calm him a bit, right as his parent’s faces popped up on the screen.
Dean looked at him in surprise, head tilting “You mean you’d really want me more than once? You want me at all?” he asked in a small voice.
“Sammy did. I called him that morning after you kicked me out of your room cuz I had to tell someone. He told me I was an idiot for even starting this thing with you.” Dean sighed.
“I was wondering…. Would you want to come over to my place for dinner sometime next week? Bianca will be there so it won’t be a proper date, but I thought it might be good for her to start getting used to seeing you again, outside of school this time, if we are doing this. We could just tell her we are friends for now.” Dean’s insides lit up like a Christmas tree, and he knew his beaming smile probably looked a little too eager but he didn’t care.
Castiel woke up and immediately checked his phone. He was sad to see he had no messages. He had hoped Dean would have messaged him. Apparently, he was right that Dean only wanted him for sex.
“Okay, Dean.” Cas smiled as he led the way down the hall to the last room on the left. They entered and Dean’s palms began to sweat, and his heart began to race before Cas pulled him in and placed a gentle kiss to his forehead.
Dean could feel his ass gape, grunting in pleasurable pain as he was pulled against Castiel’s chest, snuggling in and flopping on top of him limply.
"Yes master." Dean licked his lips, "But even if I gag, go further. I want you to really fuck me until I can’t talk." Dean held his mouth open waiting for the ring gag, curling his tongue in a filthy manner.
“You’re referring to anal?” Cas asked bluntly, causing Dean to choke on air at the matter-of-fact way Cas stated it.
“That’s okay little lady. You still have two more left. You can do it!” The young man encouraged Bianca. She threw her second ball and missed again. She was getting very discouraged.
Dean watched the man and his daughter walk away. He could not stop staring after them. When they had locked eyes, Dean had been struck speechless. Even from a distance, he could see how ridiculously blue the man’s eyes were, and how full and soft his lips looked. His hair had that slightly messy look that screamed, just fucked. It was giving Dean all sorts of ideas. He looked older than Dean too, probably at least 30. Just his type. Dean had always felt an attraction to older men. Not that he’d ever acted on said attraction, being a 22-year-old gay virgin. Plus, he was still in the closet. Charlie was the only person in his life who knew he was gay. That didn’t mean he didn’t fantasize though.
Dean tilted his face into the gentle touch with a smile and walked over to the other room, standing at attention with his hands behind his back and head dipped
The rest of the ceremony went fast, since there were not many students after Dean and soon, they were all in the parking lot. Dean was roped into many pictures and hugs while Cas just watched with a fond smile, feeling so proud of him.
They drove back to Dean’s house and parked in front, Dean glad to see that the lights were off and his parents most likely in bed already.
Dean groaned, hand gripping Castiel’s hair as he pounded in only a few more times before freezing up and whining, filling Castiel with come and resting over his back.
"I was trying to get you used to the size Dean, because you said yourself you would have trouble. But no, you had to be impatient again like you were when I was trying to prep you. I thought you had learned your lesson." Cas said tersely as he shut the water off.
Gabe had been pestering him for awhile now to meet Dean, pretty much since they had begun dating, and now that they had taken the next step, Cas figured it was probably time. He was dreading it though. He loved his brother, he really did, but the man was a lot to handle. He was praying that he didn’t scare Dean away.
“Sugar, don't you be fretting. I got no plans to be outin’ you boy. Whoever catches your fancy makes no difference to me. Your secret's safe, honey.” Her sweet southern voice reassured him, and he felt his body begin to relax.
“Nope.” Dean replied cheekily, popping the last syllable of the word. “Hey, at least your daughter already knows never to drink and drive.” He winked, sending heat down the base of the older man’s spine.
Cas didn't say a word as he dried off and went to the bedroom. He put on a pair of briefs and sat on his bed waiting for Dean to join him.
“Same as you I guess” He chuckled lightly, hand going to the back of his neck in what Cas was coming to realize was a nervous gesture. “Charlie-my friend from 7-eleven? She dragged me here as my wingman too. Said I needed to get over….” He stopped himself, blush forming on his freckled cheeks. “Uh, that I needed to get out there and find a boyfriend, heh…”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Dean lied again, a blush working its way down his neck as more and more people began to pay attention to them.
Fuck, Dean could really kiss. Cas could kiss him forever. He really hoped he could. He'd never wanted someone the way he wanted Dean. And now he started panicking that maybe Dean was just playing with him this whole time just to get him into bed. He couldn't handle it if Dean disappeared after this.
“Fine. Yes, you are an adult and can make your own choices.” He grudgingly agreed. “But I want to meet this man.” His voice was stern.
Cas came up behind Dean and wrapped his arms around him as he kissed his neck. "I do appreciate you taking care of me then, sweetheart."
“I talked to Cas yesterday.” She began, and Dean tensed up at the mention of the older man’s name. “Yeah, I knew your mood had something to do with him, and between what he told me, and your reaction just now, I’m pretty sure I know what happened.”
“I’m sorry. I-I’m incredibly embarrassed right now.” Cas murmured before Dean heard a click in his ear, signaling that Cas hung up. He dialed him back but he kept getting voicemail.
Cas stood up from the bed and grabbed Dean's hand to lead him to the bathroom. He got the water set to the right temperature and pulled Dean into the shower with him.
Cas complied and opened his laptop that was sitting on the table in front of him, and navigated to his favorite site. He scrolled down the page till a video caught his eye; it was a video entitled ‘gay friend jerks off straight friend’ and Cas chuckled to himself as he clicked play and sank back into the cushions. He felt Dean shift on the couch and settle beside him, thighs toughing.
“Don’t. I’m glad she did. I will admit I was very surprised though, when she came back in the bar to give me your number last week and told me. I had no idea you returned my attraction to you.” Dean didn’t think his blush could get any worse, but he apparently had been wrong. Just hearing Cas say he was attracted to him so matter-of-fact had his heart racing, and his palms sweating. He took a big gulp of his drink-
"That's truly a shame love. You deserve to be taken care of and pampered. Especially after an intense scene." Cas replied sadly. It Dean deserved to be doted on and it was a shame that no one did that for him before.
“Good idea.” Dean agreed. “Hey, why don’t you FaceTime her and we can tell her the good news together.” He suggested.
They corral Bianca from Mary and say their goodbyes before piling in the car. Cas made the quick drive over to Gabe’s house where he kissed his daughter goodbye, and then its just the two of them in the car. The silence is heated, both of then knowing where the night is about to lead.
“Alright. But if you really want to bottom Dean, we should work up to it. How do you feel about rimming?”
“Come on Deany, you can tawk to your wittwe brother.” Sam baby talked, annoying Dean even further. Sam then thought it was a good idea to repeatedly poke Dean in the side while chanting “Talk, talk, talk.” And Dean had finally had enough.
“Oh, well that was smart of you.” Mary told her, biting back a laugh. “And why did you want to make a good impression?”
OK I know this chapter is super freaking short. But I promise going forward, all chapters will be much longer, and at least once a week. I will have another chapter posted sometime tomorrow.
"I'm just happy he chose me" Cas responded. “But I would appreciate you not calling me boy. I’m aware you are older than me, and that you are a father figure to Dean, but I’d prefer to be respected as the grown adult that I am.” Cas replied.
“I, uh…I think I wanna lay down now.” Dean replied nervously, but not wanting to draw this out any further. If he waited, he would just be a wreck the entire time. His nerves felt like a live wire right now.
“The bag with my toothbrush and razor. What did you do with it?” Gabe asked again, annoyance clear in his voice.
As soon as Cas felt Dean coming and clenching around him, he couldn't hold back. Three more thrusts and he came in the condom deep inside Dean's ass. He gently pulled out and tossed the condom to the side and pulled Dean into his arms to lay on his chest.
Dean and Sam began to bicker like most siblings did about random things before they both decided they needed to use the restroom before the food arrived. That left Cas alone with Bobby. Cas began to fidget as he was nervous being around the man who basically raised Dean. He was wondering if he should say something when Bobby started talking.
He had been dating Cas for a month now, and things were amazing. He’d moved into Cas’ room and got to wake up next to the love of his life every morning. To say Dean was happy was an understatement. He had big plans for tonight too. It was officially their one-month anniversary and he wanted it to be special. Call him a sap or whatever, he was finally in a relationship with someone he loved and he wanted to celebrate that.
“Don’t worry, this is something for both of us to enjoy.” He assured him. “But you gotta give me like ten minutes to set it up. I’ll text you when you can come in the bedroom.”
“I want to see you too.” Dean whined, and Cas gave him what he wanted. He watched the older man strip in front of him; His shirt first, then his lower half, and soon they were both naked and bare to each other; cocks flush and hard.
Dean came to rub Castiel’s back, kissing his head. "It’s okay, Cas. I know it’s rough. I've had issues too.”
“Come on in, please.” The other man said as he stepped aside to let Dean in. Dean stepped in and followed he darker haired man as he walked down the hallway towards the bedroom. “Are you ok with this? Speak now or forever hold your piece.” The other man said with a wink which immediately relaxed Dean and caused him to chuckle,
February had turned into March, which quickly became April and things between Castiel and Dean were pretty good. After they cleared the air about Dean’s little…
“I don’t know how you two do it, being gay. Life without women would be a pain in the ass, literally.”
“Fuck yes…” Dean breathed as he stroked, following Cas in his release and adding to the mess on Cas’ body. They both breathed heavily, high on endorphins from their spectacular orgasms before Dean finally got up to get them a washcloth. He returned and they cleaned themselves up before Dean laid on Cas’ chest, legs intertwined with his own.
“I-I’m here for the shelf,” He managed to stammer out as he stared at the Greek god in front of him. All he could concentrate on was the miles of naked skin in front of him. The man was wearing a pair of grey sweatpants that hung low on his hips and lent nothing nothing to imagination.
"Are you ready to come back to my place Dean? I want to show you what you have been missing" Cas said.
Cas smiled and kissed Dean's lips chastely. "I’m glad. It's not that I want to ever really give up control. I just honestly like something up my ass every now and again. I'm sure you can appreciate that." He said slyly.
“Y-yes serious offenses. T-they are both misdemeanors. You c-could get j-jail time” Novak stammered “I don’t know what you t..think you g-got, but I’m uh…I’m going to have to arrest you.
grade English teacher. He was lucky they had a position open and hired him almost immediately after an interview over the phone. He would have liked a few days to really settle in to the new house before he had to start working, but unfortunately, they needed him to start right away. With that in mind, he decided he should probably go shower before he relaxed in bed with a good book before he went to sleep.
He and Dean had decided on tonight for the other man to come over for dinner, and Cas was a nervous wreck all day. He wanted-
had been a weird experience that he really didn’t want to repeat any time soon. He shuddered as he recalled it. At least now he wasn’t worried about it being messy. One less thing to be nervous about was a plus in his book.
“Yeah, yeah that sounds good. I’ll be over in like twenty minutes if that’s okay?” Dean sounded relieved.
When the shock had worn off, he packed an overnight bag and hightailed it to a nearby hotel, absolutely refusing to sleep anywhere near his piece of shit
"It’s a compliment. I've been with...a lot of Doms, and none of them have been like you. This whole aftercare thing...even the prep. I'm not used to this." Dean finished his food and started on his coffee.
Cas gripped his left hand in Dean's hair and held him down as he fucked into Dean harder and faster. Dean grunted into the bed, moaning and spread wide for Cas. He could feel him so deep; he was about to come just from the feeling.
Dean opened his mouth to argue but reluctantly shut it again, frowning as he went about setting up toppings instead.
They had already been driving for about 4 hours and Cas still could not get the image of Dean in short shorts, bent over the impala out of his mind. He had shifted in his seat multiple times to hide his erection, hoping he wouldn’t give himself away. He didn’t think he could last 6 more hours before he could have his way with the other man, once they checked in to a hotel room. His balls ached and his cock pressed painfully into the zipper of his pants as he pictured his boyfriend bent over again. Damn those freaking shorts.
"I want to eat you out right now love. Then I want to fuck you so hard into this mattress that you can't sit right for a week. Is that amenable for you?" He said as he nibbled on Dean's earlobe.
“Hm. Not sure. Maybe it would be safer to check it out anyway?” Dean shot a grin over his shoulder at the officer.
"That's your response? You're a bit of a brat? I expected a little more from you if you are, as you say, ,smitten'." Novak replied with air quotes. And he was hoping for a little more of an explanation. He was pretty close tp letting Dean out of the handcuffs and letting him go. Maybe even asking him out. They apparently would get along quite good, seeing as Dean appeared to be a bratty sub to Castiel's strict dominant side. But he wasn't sure if Dean seriously wanted a relationship with him, or if he was just fucking with him. And he didn't want to be made a fool.
Dean felt Cas clench hard around him, and then he watched the come shoot out of Cas’ cock, untouched, to land all over Dean’s chest. He bucked up a couple more times, before he too was thrown over the edge, coming hard inside the condom in Cas’ ass.
That was, until about 3 weeks after he started browsing. He finally saw it; the posts to rival all others.
Holy shit. How could one guy be so perfect? The guy holding the door open was the hottest man Dean had ever seen. Dark brown hair and ice blue eyes that were staring at him had Dean week in the knees. The squint that accompanied those eyes was lethal.
He slipped the smooth material up over his hips, the lace trim setting on his trim waist. He adjusted himself in the panties and sighed as the cool fabric cradled his balls. Next came the stockings, that which felt so soothing against his freshly shaven legs. Finally, a pair of 4-inch red stilettos completed the look. He slipped his feet into them, before walking to stand in front of the floor length mirror in his room. He stared at his reflection; The sexy lingerie on his body, and the eyeliner and lip gloss he had applied before he dressed, reflected back at him, sent a thrill up his spine.
“G-go for it.” He managed to squeak out through the tightness in his throat. He felt Cas pull his cheeks apart again, and his tongue swept a wide stripe across his tight hole. The feeling was incredible. He had seen enough rimming porn to know it was supposed to feel good, but this was unreal. Cas repeated the broad swipes of his tongue, making Dean shake as his hole was licked over and over. He couldn’t hold back the moan that left his lips as he felt the tongue press in gentle, just barely breaching his tight ring of muscles.
“Uh, your friend-Charlie, she uh…she gave it to me last night.” Dean was going to kill her. He was going to get his dad’s shotgun, shoot her, and then chop her up into little tiny, itty bity pieces, before feeding her to the wild animals.
Cas was still slightly in shock. He was having trouble fully grasping that Dean might not be straight. That had been one of the absolute certainties he had always known; Dean was his best friend. Dean was his big crush. Dean was straight. It had always been easy to keep that crush to himself because he knew it would never go anywhere. How could it if Dean was straight? But now, everything had changed. That one certainty was no longer so. Dean hadn’t said he was bisexual or anything, which meant at this point he was probably just curious. He’d obviously been turned on by the porn, but that didn’t necessarily translate into being attracted to guys. It could have just been watching the act itself that he liked. But now he was sitting there, asking Cas to be his big gay experiment. Cas was torn. One the one hand, he’d have the perfect excuse to fool around with the guy he’d been crushing on for years. But on the other hand, would he be able to keep his feelings in check? Those thoughts were what made him delay in giving Dean an answer. But when Dean had tried to backtrack, Cas made the decision to go for it. When would he ever get this opportunity again? He just hoped it didn’t backfire on him.
Dean just chuckled before he stood up and made his way to the bedroom, leaving Cas sitting on the couch waiting. Cas took a few deep breaths to try to get his heart rate under control. He had to be dreaming. He even pinched himself to check, but nope, this was real life; this was actually happening. After a few minutes, he heard the bedroom door and turned his head to look, and his jaw dropped at the sight he was met with. There stood Dean in a pair of satin pink panties. As he walked closer, Cas’s breath hitched at the mouthwatering sight of his straight best friend in such feminine clothing. They sat low on his trim hips and hugged his package perfectly. As Dean turned around, Cas could see how they framed his sexy ass perfectly too.
“Hello Gabriel. Yes, I’ve settled in. I spent most of the day unpacking, but it’s finally done now and I can relax the rest of the night.” He replied through a yawn.
Dean swallowed hard and flushed. "I'd love to try it. Practice makes perfect you know." He bent to kiss Cas again, adding tongue.
Sam should probably feel guilty about what he did to Cas, telling him to buy Dean that toy, but it was just too great of an opportunity to pass up embarrassing the two of them. He had been subjected to a decade of eye-fucking between his brother and the Angel, so a little pranking was overdue. He had been waiting in the hall for 20 minutes now, outside their bedroom for the moment of truth. He knew they went in there to exchange gifts and he was bouncing on his heels in anticipation of Dean’s reaction. He put his ear against the door, trying to hear what was going on in the room.
The party was in full swing when Cas and Dean arrived at Charlie’s for her ugly sweater Christmas Party. Dean made a beeline for the liquor table and filled a cup with the mystery punch that was there. He chugged the first glass quickly before refilling his glass again. He would need the liquid courage for what he had planned for later. He was already a jumble of nerves just thinking about it. Charlie had convinced him that he needed to “Man the fuck up” as she so eloquently put it, and finally tell Cas how he felt. Considering he had been in love with the man for years at this point, it was about time he fessed up.
Cas started pushing his tongue in Dean. Over and over again. And then he slapped him hard on his ass. Dean jerked, a groan echoing from his chest. "Cas! More!" He wiggled, ass turning pink.
"Good for you Dean." Cas said. He hoped Dean didn't want to leave him. They both sat on the hood and stared at the sky for a while, just breathing in the fresh air. Eventually it was starting to get a little chilly.  "Do you want to come back to my place now?" Cas asked.
Cas watched Dean walk out of the bedroom. He can't lie that he was a little disappointed. He did mostly love to Dom and fuck. But occasionally he also liked to bottom. But it appears that wouldn't be happening anytime soon. Guess he should just worry about making sure Dean's needs were taken care of.
“My uh…my parents don’t know I’m g-gay” He stammered, embarrassed to admit that. Cas would probably rethink the whole age difference thing now.
“Fuck. Shit. I uh…I can explain.” He babbled nervously as he tried to cover himself with his hands. He felt the blush heating his cheeks at being caught like this; his secret now out of the bag. He watched Cas stride closer to him, and closed his eyes tight, waiting for Cas to tell him what a freak he was and that he no longer loved him anymore. He felt his eyes well up and a tear escape as Cas leaned close.
“Cas, Charlie! Cas! Cas asked me out!” Manic chuckles escaped his lips; his voice in hysterics as he tugged the hair on his head.
Cas kissed Dean's cheek again. "You aren't being a jerk love. And I know I said I'd drop it. But can I ask one more question about it?"
“Here is the shelf and you are welcome to pick any item on any of the shelves. Ill clean the rest off before you take it of course.” The man-Cas waved dismissively at the shelf in question.
Cas was still contemplating what Dean had wanted him to send, when his phone rang a few minutes later, Gabriel’s name on the caller ID. He sighed as he hit accept; Calls with his brother were often frustrating, but maybe Gabe would know what he needed to send Dean.
They both ate in mostly silence, only offering comments on how well the food was, but Dean was pleased to find that the silence wasn’t awkward. It was rather nice to just enjoy a meal in the other man’s company, sharing small smiles between bites. Before long the food was gone and the check came. They argued over who should pay-Cas insisted since he invited Dean that he be the one to pay- and Dean finally relented after Cas agreed he could pay for a future date.
“Okay. Thanks for the advice Gabriel. I will talk to you later.” He hung up the phone with his brother.
Dean stood with his hands still behind him, coming over and laying across Castiels lap, ass in the air and breathing hard.
His grumpy mood carried him home and he stomped his way up the stairs to his room before he slammed his door behind him and fell on his bed miserably. He decided it was a good time for a pity party, so he pulled out his phone and scrolled to his playlist of Led Zeppelin songs he liked to listen to when he felt like crap. He let the music wash over him as he thought of the blue eyes, he would no longer see every day. He had no idea how much time had passed when he heard a knock at his door.
“Oh, um…okay, so maybe we could try it both ways? I mean, not yet ya know, I’m not ready for that yet. Kinda wanna work my way up to that.” Dean chuckled again.
“Definitely not Cas.” He told the other man as they gazed into each other’s eyes, smiles so wide now that Dean’s face was beginning to hurt. Luckily, Bianca ran over to interrupt their staring.
“$40 buck.” The man said tiredly. Den handed over the money and slinked out of the house with his new shelf and the new toy he wasn’t expecting to have,
“Of course, my love.” He whispered gently and braced his hands on either side of Dean’s head, covering him with his warm body. Dean felt the first push of his cock break through his tight ring and he clenched his eyes tight. His arms reached up to wrap around his boyfriend’s neck, holding on tight as he felt himself being filled. Cas took his time working his cock inside of Dean, stopping every so often to let him adjust to the large girth inside of him. When he finally bottomed out, they both groaned at the feeling. Cas peppered Dean’s face with kisses, making sure to kiss away the few tears that had leaked out of the younger man’s eyes; Tears of love as well as pain as his ass had stretched. It had hurt, being filled with a cock for the first time, but Cas had stretched him well and the pain had been minimal; more a pinching burn than anything. There was also pleasure, at being filled for the first time and the sensitive nerves of his rim were alight with pleasure. It was overwhelming for Dean; accepting Cas inside him for the first time. He was embarrassed at the tears, but each time Cas kissed one away, he felt himself being soothed; his heart growing for the man inside him.
“Well when we started this, I already had feelings for you. Dean, I’ve been in love with you for years.” He confessed, slightly embarrassed to finally admit to that. But it was also freeing to be able to tell Dean after so many years of pining.
Dean walked home fiddling with his phone with his new number. He plopped down on his bed and smiled. He decided he'd sleep on his decision,  but his mind was made up. He slept restlessly and woke up early, picking up his phone and wondering if Cad would even be up. He sent a text just in case:
“Well, I was trying to avoid us getting come on our clothes but too late now.” Cas chuckled through deep breaths.
"Neither have I. But I do love you Dean. And I never thought I'd find someone to not only love me, but be compatible in bed as well. Most people see me as awkward. So, it's never been easy to find someone who wants me as a Dom or takes me seriously as one." Cas says sadly.
"Minimal. Enough it goes smoothly but I want it to hurt." Dean whispered, wiggling again, "Hurry, I need you inside me." He appreciated, though, Castiel’s thoughtfulness. Despite his youth, he had both paid customers and one relationship with a Dom and they simply abused him.
"Fuck fuck fuck" is all he could say as Dean fucked him so good. Dean purred and dragged nails down his back as he spread him wider and sped up. Cas moaned and thrashed around as Dean fucked him hard and fast.
The rest of the week of school went about the same as the first day. Cas sent Bianca off on the bus each day, before coming back home to work in his home office. At least he was finally able to concentrate a bit more on his client’s website, now that he knew his daughter was in good hands and he didn’t have to worry so much about her. Unfortunately, he often found his thoughts drifting to one particular green-eyed young man. No matter how much he tried, he couldn’t help but picture that damn wet tank top clinging to his perfect frame. His hand had been getting a lot of action the last few nights.
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline. “Didn’t mean to get your panties in a twist princess.” He replied.
Dean chuckled at that, "I really did pay for it. The guys at the station just thought it would be funny to mess with you.”
Castiel’s own face lit up in recognition, realizing now, exactly why she looked familiar. She was the young woman from the carnival dunk tank booth who had conspired with his daughter to dunk that young man.
The first time he had ever worn a pair of panties, it had been when he was 19 and hooked up with that chick Rhonda Hurley. When she asked him to try on her pair, he had pretended to protest, but inside he had been shaking with excitement. Finally, he would be able to try something he had wanted to for a few years at that point. It had been just as great as he had imagined and he had been sad when he’d had to leave. It took another 15 years for him to get the nerve up to buy himself his own pair of panties, and he’d been slowly branching out from that over the last 5 years. He had a chest in his closet where he kept all of his lingerie and makeup, now that he had a permanent room to store them in secret.
"Are you sure you actually want to be with me Dean? And I’m talking about dating and not just a one-night stand.” Cas said seriously.
Dean paused, frowning as he finished his breakfast and then followed him into the living room. "Cas, are you sure you're feeling okay?” He asked with concern in his voice.
“You are referring to when we jerked off together” Cas stated bluntly, making Dean chuckle awkwardly.
“I’ve been trying to find the perfect gift for your brother for Christmas, but I haven’t been able to find one that seems good enough.” He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.
Cas pulled the item out of his pocket and held his hand out for Dean to see. “I was wondering, if perhaps…. you’d consider, um…moving in with me?” He asked, heart racing in nervousness as he waited for the other man’s reaction. Dean stared at the key in Cas’ hand and Cas watched a myriad of emotions pass over his face; shock, awe, disbelief, and what looked like hope, before his lips curled up in a smile.
“No, no. No, absolutely not.” Dean was quick to assure the other man, a smile returning to Cas’ face.
Sam kept drinking his drink as if all this were normal, and Bobby nodded again, "He tends to lean older, women and men."
“Fuck you are so hot Cas. Your ass is so damn sexy stretched around this vibe.” Dean growled breathily; voice full of arousal.
Dean happily snuggled into his chest, swirling fingers in the water. "I've never been in a bath this nice." He tilted his head back to rest on Castiel’s shoulder.
"Okay." Dean looked thoughtful, then smiled, "Is this what people usually talk about on dates?” He asked cheekily.
“What?!” He squawked indignantly, as Cas lost it beside him, throwing his head back and laughing. “ What do you mean you thought we were dating?!” He yelled. This whole conversation was getting away from him.
"A shower is a good idea. But I will not make you wash the bedspread. It was my fault after all that you messed it up" Cas said, smirking at Dean.
After what felt like forever, but was probably only a few minutes, Cas walked back in the room with just a towel wrapped around his waist and Dean felt his mouth water at the sight. Those damn hips should be illegal. He must have been obvious in his ogling because Cas called him out on it.
Dean looked at his lap, biting his lip. "You're welcome Cas. It's really nothing." He cleared his throat, "I wish I could have done more but I don’t think I could afford flowers or dinner.” He said dejectedly.
Cas came back out of his room and out to the kitchen. "When you are finished eating, can you meet me in the living room love?" He asked.
“I think I’m adorable.” Dean smirked “Come on! It’s next on my list!” He argued and Cas just rolled his eyes.
"Pay for parts and I'll come over after work." Dean shrugged, "sex may be a possibility.” He said as he winked.
When it was finally her turn, they both stepped up and the young lady running the booth handed Bianca three balls. “Hey little lady! My name is Charlie. They are just changing over who sits in the booth. So, it will just take a minute. What’s your name?” she asked.
John was still distant though. He was civil to Cas, and never did or said anything outright that he didn’t like him, but Cas could tell that he was still leery about his son dating an older man. Cas couldn’t really blame him either so he just went out of his way to be nice to John, hoping he’d eventually earn his approval. Cas was thrown out of his thoughts by Mary nudging his shoulder.
“Good, now that that’s settled, who wants some ice cream?” His mom asked cheerfully, and Dean was glad for the change in subject. At least everything went much better than he had expected, even if he now had to introduce Cas to them much sooner than expected. Now he just had to get the nerve up to ask Cas to dinner. Hopefully he wouldn’t scare off the poor man.
“I’ll also take the bacon cheeseburger, but with a Dr. Pepper. And seasoned fries please.” Dean turned back to Cas as the waitress walked away, serious expression on his face. “So, ask away. I really am an open book, and I don’t mean to be too playful.”
“Hmm, if this is the price I have to pay, I will wear those damn shorts every day.” Dean smirked before leaning in to kiss his Angel.
“Oh um…that’s cool.” He wanted to kick himself for the lame reply. Why was he always awkward with Cas? Ugh?
Dean hummed, "Well, someone has to do it. Dunno what you did before me, your kitchen is always empty." He chuckled.
Dean gave a grunt as Cas finally shoved the last two inches in, panting with the effort and feeling like his hole would never close again after this. He took a few deep breaths and nodded, "Move sir, please."
Charlie at least stopped glaring at him after the explanation. “Hmm…” She pondered aloud, a thoughtful look on her face. “And, you’re sure nothing happened that would have made him run out of there?” She asked curiously.
“If that’s something you’d like to do, I’m absolutely on board. But you know we don’t actually have to do that right? That just because we’re gay, that doesn’t mean we have to engage in anal sex. There are a lot of couples that never do.” Cas explained, making Dean’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
They both awkwardly made their way through the crowded living room and down the hallway to Charlie’s room before they closed the door behind them. They both just stood there, neither knowing what to say before Dean couldn’t take the tension anymore.
Dean showed up ten minutes late just to be bratty, dressed in a green tank top and skinny jeans. He asked to be seated with his date and the waitress took him to the correct table.
Both men had also gotten much friendlier with each other over the last two months as well; first bonding over their shared love of Star Wars, and then delving into different topics they both enjoyed, such as baking. It was slow going though, since they only had about two minutes to talk every day at pick up, so their conversations were pretty superficial, not really getting into anything personal. But it was still nice to just be able to see the other man’s gorgeous face every afternoon. It gave him something to look forward to each day.
Cas dropped to his knees in front of Dean and made quick work of his buckle, before he unzipped his jeans and palmed over the bulge in Dean’s briefs.
“Oh man. Um…I think I’ll go with truth this time. Mix it up a bit.” His best friend relied, still chuckling from the last ridiculous dare. Cas had to think about this. What kind of question could he really ask? He decided to just go for a simple one.
Dean was no stranger to sucking cock but Cas was by far the biggest and longest he had ever tried to take, and he felt even his tongue pressed down as the thick cock filled his mouth. He didn’t move though, just sat with the tip in, no matter how much dean sucked, so he bit down gently with a glare.
“Oh….” He heard before the line grew silent. He began to grow worried when Cas didn’t say anything further. He tried to pull himself together quickly.
"No. Because I wasn't sure if you are out yet. You talk about your Uncle Bobby and your brother Sam, but not once have you mentioned wanting me to meet them." Cas said quietly.
“Are you insinuating that I should cavity search you?” Novak asked. He was starting to realize what Dean’s game was. Maybe he was a little slow on the uptake, but whatever. He was always accused of being too formal and naïve.
Dean smirked, head still dipped, body still and breathing slowly to keep himself as calm as possible. He was silent until spoken to, but he wanted to see his face at least.
Dean nodded breathlessly, wiggling a little, whimpering quietly as Castiel’s mouth closed around his cock again. Cas continued sucking his cock. Dean better hope he could take it.
Cas pulled Dean into a sweet kiss. "I don't mean to doubt you love. I'm just trying not to get my hopes up. I've been burned in the past. But I love you and I hope you stay with me always."
After the blowjob, Dean couldn’t get enough. It was like Cas was his drug and he was addicted to the other man; to his taste, to his smell, to his touch. Every time they were together, Dean wanted to ravish him and he was getting so damn frustrated at the no kissing rule. He desperately wanted to know if those lips felt as soft as they looked. If the man kissed even half as good as he sucked cock, then Dean wanted some of that. After Dean had blown him the other night, Cas had returned the favor once their dicks weren’t too sensitive anymore, and holy hell had it been fantastic. No one had ever sucked his cock that good. Cas sure as hell knew what he was doing and made Dean feel like he had died and gone to heaven. All he could think about was, if his mouth felt that good, his ass must feel even better and Dean wanted to sink into that tight heat as soon as possible. With that in mind, he grabbed a couple of condoms and the lube from his nightstand drawer and pocketed them before making his way to Cas’ room. He knocked and when he heard Cas yell to come in, he entered and shut the door behind him.
Dean bent and carefully chose a spot, bending and using lips and teeth to suck a huge dark mark on his skin. Cas was so turned on thinking of having a visible mark from Dean. And he really couldn't wait to feel Dean inside him. Dean moved back down his body, biting occasionally, just to watch him
“Oh yeah, please order me around.” Dean grinned flirtatiously, as he paced alongside the wall, dragging his fingers along it.
“Oh, Okay good.” Dean heard what sounded like relief “How is next Friday night? I could pick you up at 7 and we could go to dinner?” The other man asked more confidently than before, uncertainty gone from his voice.
And that was just the PG rated stuff. Never mind the amount of times he’d fantasized about much more inappropriate things. Cas’ hips and thick meaty thighs had featured in many solo sessions. It really wasn’t fair that his roommate and best friend was like a walking wet dream. He couldn’t take another morning of watching Cas walk around in just a towel after a shower. No, he was going to grow a pair and finally confess. But first, he needed a last-minute chat with his other best friend.
“Here, I brought a bottle of wine. I know how much you enjoy your grown-up drinks.” Dean teased, referencing one of those times Bianca embarrassed him.
"You asked me not to. It was hard, but I can be good when asked." Dean tucked himself under Castiel’s chin. "I'm assuming you have work tomorrow?”
“I’m ready papa!” She exclaimed cheerfully, as she stomped into the room in a pair of boots, he didn’t remember buying her, which could only mean his brother had probably taken her shopping the last time he watched her. Gabe did love spoiling his niece. She was starting to look less like a little girl each day and he missed it. He shook himself out of his melancholy thoughts and steered his daughter to the car so they could make the short drive over to Dean’s house.
"Don't you try that little innocent act on me right now. You know what you did wrong. I guess you really like punishments huh? You didn't get spanked enough earlier?"
“Oh, Come on! You just found out the dude you’ve been pining over is gay too! Aren’t you happy? Excited? Over the moon?” She ribbed. “You should have a smile on your face right now!”
Dean swallowed, his throat amazingly sore and raw, just the way he liked it. He was completely in subspace, willing to do whatever master wanted. "Yes master. Do it rough." He smirked.
His cell phone rang a few times-Cas’ name on the caller ID- but he sent each call to voicemail, not wanting to have to deal with it at the moment. Hell, he never wanted to deal with it. He would never be able to look Cas in the face and explain what happened without feeling like the idiot he was. Embarrassment and shame rolled off him in waves the entire drive back to his place.
Cas blushed. "Well yeah. I was hoping to take my boyfriend out for Valentine's day tomorrow. And of course, I’ll come for a family dinner. I'd love to meet your family, Dean."
Castiel noticed that Dean had not responded to him yet. He was trying to figure out how to play this. On one hand, Dean was a criminal who had committed a couple of misdemeanors and should be arrested. But, on the other hand, his crimes were mostly innocent. Sure, he had a vandalism charge, but it was some stupid graffiti. And he had a shoplifting charge. But it was only a damn jar of peanut better and a loaf of bread. Even the store owner didn’t want to press charges. Castiel wasn’t sure what he should do. Should he stick to he knew? Or should he take a leap of faith.
“Fuck, n-no wonder why, huh, why guys like to…to bottom” He stammered through heavy breaths. Cas just hummed in reply before he pushed against it again, making Dean keen in pleasure. Soon Cas was thrusting his finger in and out, making Dean moan loudly, and screaming out each time that magical spot was hit. His orgasm was so close. He reached down to grab his cock, and it only took half a dozen strokes before he was coming all over the pillow below him. He felt the finger leave his ass and then he collapsed onto the bed, body shaking too much to hold himself up anymore. He heard a noise behind him so he turned his head to look and saw Cas stroking his own cock.
“No, whatever you have to say to me you can say right now. I’m tired of you brushing me off.” Cas’ voice held hints of hurt in it and that’s what made Dean blurt out what he said next.
“Long enough. Did you mean it Cas? Are you really in love with me?” He asked with baited breath, hope filling his heart as he waited for Cas’ response.
“I’ve been thinking a lot about that Dean. And I…uh…I have a suggestion, or actually, I have a question for you.” He began nervously.
He was so lost in thought that he never saw the next kid in line throw the ball and before he even realized what happened, he found himself under water again. He quickly re-surfaced, coughing up water he had inadvertently breathed in from not paying attention.
"Fist me, master. Put your whole hand in me." Dean begged, hooking two fingers in himself and spreading his hole wide.
“It was hot, okay! I kinda liked it.” He mumbled, and Cas almost didn’t hear it. Almost, but he had. He just stared at Dean, surprised at the admission. His roommate, his very
“I hope my mom was okay. She didn’t scare you away yet, did she?” Dean asked, a nervous chuckle in his voice.
“Nice try Cassie!” Gabe yelled and Cas went to see what his brother was babbling about now. The bathroom door was open so he walked in and Gabe was standing there, hands on his towel wrapped hips. He had one eyebrow quirked. “Thought you’d try again huh?”
“As ready as I’m ever gonna be.” He told her, as the nerves began to set in. She pulled a special ball out from behind the table and handed it to Bianca.
“If you’re sure…” He closed the distance between them and pressed his lips against the other man’s gently. He heard him sigh before Dean pressed back into the kiss, tilting his head to deepen it.
“Ah, yes. I get questioned a lot about how I have a daughter, being a single gay man and all. Long story short, I was drunk at a college party and hooked up with my friend Meg. It was-awkward to say the least. It also cemented the fact that I am definitely gay.” Cas chuckled lightly before continuing. “Two months after that, Meg came to me telling me she was pregnant and wanted to give the baby up for adoption. I…” Cas closed his eyes tight, looking pained. “I couldn’t bear the thought of giving away my own child. I begged Meg to give me full custody. So, when Bianca was born, Meg signed over all rights to me and pretty much disappeared. So, uh…that’s, that’s the gist of it.” He shrugged, before taking a sip of his own drink.
“No problem Cas. Glad I could help.” Sam was biting the inside of his cheek, attempting to keep a straight face, but Cas could easily read the younger man and could tell he thought he had Cas fooled. He’d have to find a way to get him back for assuming Cas was stupid.
" I don't want you to do anything unless you wanted to Dean. I just figured since you love being bratty that you'd like to call the shots for once. You can literally do anything you want."
He let Bianca drag him to a few rides she wanted to go on. The roller coaster was her favorite and he endured it for her sake. Then they made their way to the face painting booth where she had the artist paint a bee on her cheek. Castiel lit up inside because he was the one who gave her the nickname of Bee because of her name as Bianca, as well as his love of bees (he might have named her Bianca simply because it could be shortened to Bee. But he would never admit to that.)
“That makes me very happy.” Cas whispered back; the gummy smile on his face replacing the uncertainty that was there before. That smile made Dean lo-
“The message on the mirror.” Gabe pointed and Cas turned his head, and his eyes widened when he saw it. There on the mirror, written in steam, where the words “I See You.”
“Kidding, kidding!” He took the offered hand and shook it. “Sorry my brother always has a stick up his ass. Although, I’m sure you could think of something to replace it with.” He winked, making Dean choke on air. Thankfully, Cas had warned Dean ahead of time about his brother’s crude humor, and Dean recovered quickly.
“Yes, Charlie might have mentioned that.” Cas’ grin turned sly as he revealed that bit of information, making Dean groan as the tips of his ears burned.
Dean nodded, still breathing hard and lips a little damp from all the moaning and kissing. "I can do this. Please, master."
"Would you want your brother to hear your submissive sex noises? How is that even a debate?" Dean looked away again, grabbing the towel and walking to the kitchen to toss it into the trash.
Castiel shuddered. Fuck this. That was the last straw. He pulled over his patrol car on the side of the road. He got out of his car and walked around to the back. He opened the door and pretty much dragged Dean out of the car and over to the side of the road. He was fuming by this point. “what the fuck is your game Winchester? What do you want from me? What is the point in all of this? Do you want me to throw you in a holding cell? I’m at a loss here and I want to know exactly what you are after. So please, tell me how you’ve been wanting this to go down.” At this point, Castiel was breathing harshly and so fucking pissed.
Dean began licking small stripes up the side of his cock, till he reached the head. He could hear little hums from the other man that sounded appreciative and it gave him the confidence to continue. He bravely took the head of the cock into his mouth, and he tasted the precum that had beaded on the tip. It was a little bitter, but not too bad, so he sucked gently to get another taste.
Also, in case you haven't noticed, this is a heavy smut fic with plot. There is a lot of kinks involved.
Dean was still so confused. He didn’t know what to do. He regretted ever starting this thing in the first place. He had been so selfish, asking Cas to be his experiment. Now he had probably fucked up their decade long friendship in a matter of weeks. All because he had been thinking with his dick instead of his head.
“Fuck…” Cas whimpered as he reached his hand to run it through Dean’s hair in encouragement. Dean lowered his head, taking Cas’ hard cock further into his mouth. He went a little too far and gagged a bit, so he pulled back and wrapped his hand around what he couldn’t reach with his mouth.
“Thanks Cas.” He rubbed the back of his neck as he smiled shyly. “I can’t believe I’m finally gonna be a teacher though. With my own class and everything.”
“What’s wrong?” Sam asked, concern clear in his voice. He was always able to tell when something was up with Dean.
Thank you so much for reading! It's done. Im so happy to complete my first multichaptered fic. Thanks to all who have followed along, your comments kept me going. 💙💙💙
“Of Course, Bee. There is one right up the block. Maybe when we get home, we can put on that new movie you wanted to watch too.” He offered, making Bianca light up.
He was still so aroused he wasn't thinking clearly, and before he even knew what he was doing, he closed the distance between them and planted a kiss right on Deans lips. Dean froze in shock and that's when Cas realized his mistake. He quickly pulled back, blush on his face.
Dean stared at him for a moment. "Everyone gets insecure. But if you're wanting to tell or ask me something, please, do.”
"I wanted to make something. I don’t mind." Dean put the things in the fridge, "I already made the other half for Sam and bobby.” He shrugged.
Dean washed his face and pulled on pants before walking out, pausing when he heard the music. "Well this isn’t your usual jam. What's the occasion?" Dean peeked at what he was cooking.
Dean walked out of the bar with Charlie, mind still reeling about the fact that Cas was actually gay, before Charlie stopped and told him she forgot her phone at the bar. She ran back in to get it while he waited outside for her. She was only gone a few minutes before she came back out, and they walked the mile back to their street. He was quiet, lost in his thoughts when Charlie nudged his side.
“Dean…. Fuck…” He pushed back against the other man. He still felt wet and open from the previous night. “Fuck me.”
"Fuck!" Is all Cas could say. He really hoped Dean would finish quick because he wasn't sure how much longer he could take Dean fucking him.
Dean nodded, "I'll walk you to your car." He took Cas’ hand, following him to his car and standing tiptoe to kiss him. "Be safe at work.”
"I Know this was your gift to me and I love you for putting thought into this." Dean smiled, arm draping around Cas.
"That's what every person I've ever slept with has said. Apparently, I talk and act weird." Cas replied bitterly.
“Listen, Dean…. well…Dean can be an idiot sometimes. I love him like a brother but sometimes I really want to hit him upside the head. Look, Cas, If Dean is still interested, would you be willing to give him a second chance? I know if you two sit and actually talk about what happened, you’d understand. But I don’t want to give him false hope, ya know?” She shrugged.
Because Sam is there. I wouldn't want him to have to hear things, and we wouldn't be able to sleep naked or anything." Dean kissed him and then rolled off the bed, "You want omelets before you go?"
“Well, I’m uh…assuming its not a problem since you already know about it and agreed to this date….” Cas ran his fingers through his hair in what looked like a nervous reflex. Well at least now his perpetual face-fucked look made sense. “I have a daughter-which you obviously know since you were her teacher- but I just want to make sure you’re aware of what that entails if we, um…if we decide to continue dating.” Cas explained, uncertainty clear in his voice.
“Um, yes…yes it was…fun” Cas mumbled in response, giving Dean a small smile in return. “Are we, um…good?” He asked shyly.
“Well, I am, 100 percent so.” Cas shrugged. He was used to people who knew he had a daughter, assuming he was straight. It didn’t really surprise him that Dean apparently had been under that false impression as well. “What are you doing here?” He asked curiously, hope beginning to bloom in his chest knowing that the younger man was most likely gay as well. Something he hadn’t considered before tonight. He had been positive that Dean couldn’t possibly swing his way.
He made his way up the stairs and down the hallway till he reached his daughter's room. He knocked on her door. “Bianca, are you almost ready?” He called through the door.
Cas walked into his bedroom and saw Dean standing perfectly. He was very pleased. He walked up to Dean and tilted his chin to look him in the eye. "I know you like to be a brat. But right now, I would really like it if you can be a good boy. Can you be a good boy for me Dean?" Cas asked.
He stood up and stretched the kinks from his back, before he made his way from his office to his kitchen to grab a bottle of water. He glanced at the clock and realized it was later than he thought, and he needed to pick Bee up in an hour. He chugged the water and grabbed his keys, deciding he would stop at the convenience store again, before he went to the school. He needed a pick-me-up, and he was becoming addicted to the danishes the store sold. The cheery red-head, Charlie also helped brighten his moods. It was impossible to be around that woman and not have some of her energy rub off.
"Have you actually seen my cock yet Dean? If you have then you would know why I’m trying to be as thorough as possible. But since you seem to think you are good, I will just fuck you now." Cas said as he removed his fingers and grabbed a condom to roll on himself. Dean was in for a rude awakening.
"Just used to baby’s rumble, that's all. I could totally fix up this car, Cas. Make it new and improved." Dean turned on his signal light and turned onto the road.
“Do you think you are ready for my fingers?” Cas asked as he massaged the firm globes of Dean’s ass.
“Thank god she went right to sleep.” He exclaimed tiredly. “I don’t have to worry about what could come out of her mouth next now.”
“Great job Bianca!” Charlie squeaked. “Give me a high five!” she said and Bianca was happy to comply.
“Um…yeah. Yeah I have a…ah...a boyfriend.” He blushed, nervous about having to now tell them he was also dating an older man; a man with a
“Exactly what I said Ma. I’m bisexual, and me and Cas just started dating last week. He’s my boyfriend now.” He wasn’t sure which part was confusing her.
“I-I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I was just…embarrassed. I mean, I’m a 23-year-old virgin and you’re thirty. I didn’t think you’d want me if you knew.” He said sadly.
“Yeah, I know. But uh…fuck…I… I should probably start with the fact that I’m bi…” He waited with baited breath for his brother’s response to that admission. He felt both relief and dread from coming out to someone for the first time.
“Are you a Star Wars Fan?” He asked Dean curiously, surprised because he still didn’t picture the other man as liking anything remotely like that. Dean seemed like more of an action movie type of guy.
“Position. You mean if I top or bottom?” Cas asked, a smirk tugging at his lips. It was kind of cute to see Dean squirm about sex. He normally loved to brag about getting laid, so this was a treat to see.
"Stop I am paying for dinner." Castiel said as he pulled out his wallet and laid down enough money plus a great tip. He left the table as Dean followed him out to his car. He turned around and looked at Dean.
“Oh, sorry papa I forgot I’m not supposed to talk about that cuz you only just started being boyfriends.” She smiled innocently, and Cas couldn’t really be upset with her. There was awkward silence in the air, no one knowing quite what to say, before Mary cleared her throat.
Dean pulled back breathing hard, biting his lip plump from kissing. "I believe I was promised breakfast." He grinned, a little mischievous but most just honestly happy.
“I wanna suck you too.” He told him, causing Cas to groan. He pushed Cas to lay back on the floor before taking the man’s hard cock in his own fist. He gave it a few long strokes before sticking a tentative tongue out to lick the head where pre-cum had beaded. It tasted a bit salty, but not too bad, so he licked the head again, humming appreciatively in his throat. He heard Cas moan and it spurred him on to go further. He wrapped his lips around the head and sucked hard, making the other man whimper in pleasure. He took him down as far as he could, about halfway down, before he felt his gag reflex kick in and had to pull back. He definitely needed to practice before he’d ever be able to deepthroat like Cas.
"I ate at home. Let's go watch a movie or something." Dean kicked off his shoes and placed them at the door before following Cas.
He honestly didn’t even believe his eyes at first. He figured it was either a joke or an accident. That was the only explanations he could figure. But he was bored enough to check it out. So, He messaged the poster and they agreed to meet the next day at noon. Either he would have a decent shelf to display all of his Star Wars memorabilia or he would get a good laugh out of the whole thing, Dean went to sleep that night with a smile, just thinking of how amusing the whole thing was.
"Dean! My cock barely even fits in your mouth! And I just told you two minutes before that that I was going to teach you patience, and yet you didn't listen!" Cas was so frustrated. "And why on earth would you think biting my dick would be a good idea?!"
