John reached forward and shook hands, tempted to smile for the first time in days. Marcus's friendly attitude was infectious. "John."
Greg never received a reply, but Lestrade wasn't quick to panic. He knew that reigning in Sherlock Holmes when he was on the scent was more than a full time job, it was damn near impossible...
"Yes, but her injuries indicate abuse over a long period of time, not an anxiety reaction," Sherlock countered back.
"A few weeks ago," Mr. Miller said miserably. "She started meeting with these computer programmers who were trying to get her to back their project. They told her that they were working on making technology more accessible in third world countries for schools and water purification and things... Anna's always had a big heart, so the project really thrilled her..." He smiled ruefully for a moment before sobering. "I became suspicious when the meetings starting bleeding into her evenings and weekends. It's not uncommon for Anna to make new friends this way, but something just didn't feel right. She was harder and harder to get hold of, which isn't normal. We've known each other since primary school; we've been best friends for years, but now..."
but in comparison to what John saw on her face now he could only label what he'd seen before as contentment. Now, she looked
"Yes, John," Sherlock cut him off, giving his hand a squeeze. "My illness is caused by a long-acting poison."
"What happened?" The man asked, crouching beside Sherlock and Nicole. Sherlock did nothing to hide the disapproving look on his face. The man before them appeared sympathetic, but he was anything but. This was a self-seeking individual who wanted to
Sherlock turned his piercing towards his blogger. "Our best chance to get to the truth is to act quickly."
As he had done many times before, Sherlock pushed all his distractions to the background and focused on gathering data. Solving this,
Again it wasn't John's possible anger or lectures that gave Sherlock pause, it was the pain such a meeting might cause. Leaving 221 B had been more than difficult for John. Sherlock knew that John loved him, that John
his parents informed him of his true parentage. I assume they intended to discourage further misbehavior by insinuating that a cutting George off would be no hardship for them, as he was not
Sherlock shrugged. "Maybe I missed something, left evidence that we were there. He did murder three women without getting caught, that does take some amount of intelligence."
The Detective Inspector's lips pulled into a taught, unhappy line. "It appears to be a suicide. It's a grisly one too."
John's eyes widened slightly as he realized he was being threatened. Christ, would this bloody sociopath use
There were roughly nine months left now, for him to solve the biggest case of his career, but they would be enough. Sherlock would make them be enough.
"Given the experiences you've had with other people, especially older men, it would've been foolish if you had trusted me," Sherlock replied evenly. "All the data you have indicates that others, especially older men, can't be trusted."
Sherlock leaned back at a dangerous angle, hanging onto the railing for balance, so that he could tip his head over one shoulder and speak to John in a near whisper.
Sherlock looked wretched, but he still had the energy to arch an eyebrow at him and murmur in a low voice, "Fifty shades of Watson?"
Mycroft must have stopped by while John was in the bath, and he wasn't sorry to have missed him. Thing were perhaps more tense between John and Mycroft than they'd been between Sherlock and Mycroft. All things considered, John was glad that Mycroft had 'introduced' him to Alexander. For the first time in a very long time John felt he had something to look forward to.
Lestrade slammed the door behind him, still peaked about Sherlock slipping so easily out of his cuffs. He had legitimately put them on the impossible consulting detective, and tightly too!
Lauren continued to stare Sherlock down for a long moment before moving forward once more. He stepped aside to allow her to pass. When she returned the cat and the bird were gone. Instead she held the leash to an elderly looking beagle, whom John assumed must be 'Toby.'
The voice in John's ear was talking again and the good doctor was nodded, his jaw clenched tight in pain.
James' face broke into a grin when he saw the ex-army doctor. "John!" He waved his friend over to the bench he already occupied. John nodded and trotted over.
John leapt up the steps, and rushed into the flat. For a moment, relief flooded his system, because the door was open. "Sherlock?" he cried out, scanning the living room, kitchen , and bathroom, before bursting unceremoniously into Sherlock's bedroom. They were all devoid of the world's only consulting detective.
Sherlock leaned down to meet him, losing himself in sensation. The room swayed slightly, and Sherlock pulled back to realize that John was carrying him to his own bedroom, one hand tugging his shirt free from his trousers.
cases from time to time. I've mostly been collaborating with my brother, Mycroft. If you've read any of my cases his name might sound familiar.
The second wife, Tara Parker had suffered a violent and instantly fatal fall while out hiking with her husband. They had not been alone on the foot paths, and witness reported hearing Mr. McAndrew's anguished cries as he tried desperately to reach the prone body of his wife. They Yard could find no evidence of any foul play, even though the investigation had continued weeks after her death.
John nodded and, smiling, took his seat opposite the small table with Mary. It was so different from the chaotic dinners at 221 B... it was a refreshing change of pace.
John looked over at Sherlock who was already holding out his hand and said, "Uh, yeah, sure. Here he is."
"Hello, John," Mary greeted him after the third ring, "How are you?" John could hear the smile in her voice and he felt his features softening in response, only now realizing he'd been frowning since he left the Morris family in the patient lounge.
"You don't put much stock in happiness, do you?" He declined to dignify her question with an answer. Unfortunately, she did not seem in the least bit put off. "What a great misfortune it would be to you, Mr. Holmes, if you found yourself in dire need of the very emotional attachments you so abhor."
"You're doing great," John insisted, "I can see the top of the head now." Sherlock was at his side, towel in hand.
Mrs. Hudson's smile widened. "Of course, dear. Do you think the case will be wrapped up in time for tea?"
John suspected that this rendition may leave Odette alive but alone when Prince Siegfried flailed in the lake and seemed about to drown, but then he rallied, made his way to shore and tore the wings off of Von Rothbart. There was a flash of light and sound, then Prince Siegfried leapt to the small cliff where Odette had been anxiously watching and caught the ballerina playing Odette, who now wore a jeweled crown instead of a feather headset, in a dramatic lift, before setting her safely on the stage. There was a brief moment of confusion while Odette looked herself over, touched her head, and realized that she was no longer a swan, before she turned and leapt into Prince Siegfried's arms as the music built into its final crescendo. The audience, John and Mary included, erupted into applause as the curtain fell closed on the reunited couple. The curtain re-opened shortly and there were more bows and further applause before the curtain fell for a final time and the lights came up.
James chuckled softly. "I didn't mean anything more than what I said. You're not the type of man who could live and interact so closely with someone for so long without caring for them, at least a little." When John opened his eyes to glare at him James added, "In the
"That's because he's taken over my life!" John cried throwing his hands into the air. "I don't think he
Sherlock ducked under a low hanging ceiling and turned a corner. When he had first entered the sewers he had intended to remain there only as long as was needed to approach the hiding place of the spider which he hoped his tracking devices would lead him to. He never expected that same lair would be underground as well, but he probably should have. Hadn't he been thinking, just as he climbed into said tunnels that so much space was left unused, and that one could easily get almost anywhere in London from said subterranean spaces, if only one knew how?
Sherlock shook his head.  "I don't think so," he murmured.  That was all the warning John received before Sherlock slid forward and lifted John into his arms.
John and Mary made their way quickly through the streets of London, zeroing in on 221 B Baker Street. John didn't stop, didn't slow, and didn't hesitate. He wasn't going to give this encounter any more meaning than it deserved.
He finished the soup and the water, then settled back into the sofa with a small sigh. He felt better. Not healed, that was impossible, but this was the first time in a long while that he'd felt...comfortable... It made no sense tracking the progression of his illness any longer, all his mental energy needed to be focused on new cases, and any ways in which they may relate to his ultimate case. He was
John strode towards the door and opened it, glowering immediately upon seeing who it was. The bridge of Mycroft's nose and cheek were badly bruised, but there didn't seem to be a need for a splint any longer. John moved to close the door as quickly as he had opened it when Mycroft's hands flew up to try to stop his progress.
"You don't need to go through all this trouble every night," John protested, bending down to retrieve said serving dishes regardless. Mary had cooked dinner for them both every night since John had moved in, and she made brunch on Saturdays. John was grateful for the meals, and he'd made sure grocery funds were included in his rent, but he didn't want her to feel obligated to continue. He's lived on takeout and Mrs. Hudson's meals for... too many years. He had to improve his own cooking skills sometime.
John turned away so he could look out the window. Everything was happening so fast, and soon it would be over. Normally this wasn't a problem, in fact it was part of the appeal, but now, when the case closed, it felt like he'd have to decide all over again how to restructure his life. Mary had seemed so charming, and smart, and easy tempered, and she
"Yes," Mr. Murphy sighed. "The market's not what it used to be, neither is the job market. Too many people are interested in slingshoting themselves up the ranks by hopping from company to company. They stay just long enough to do some good work, maybe get promoted, then they jump to a higher position in another company, taking everything they learned with them." He could hear Mr. Murphy shaking his head. "People aren't loyal like they used to be."
John fought the urge to make fists in his short blond hair. Of course. Of course this raving lunatic would have the police anesthetized to his outlandish behavior. John shivered at what else he must have put the officers through...
"We laid her out on an examination table when we heard you were on your way," Mr. McGregor said as he lead them into the fully equipped facilities. There was a meaningful pause before he added, "The damage was extensive..."
"No Ma'am, but he does work with the police occasionally, as a consultant." Greg glared at Sherlock as he said the word 'consultant' in a futile attempt to get him to respect
John loved him for who he was, but who Sherlock was had hurt John, more than once, and Sherlock knew he would probably continue to hurt John. First the fall, and that had nearly broken both of them. Now…their separation, a separation Sherlock had enforced upon someone who loved him, and only wanted to be his friend…
Slipping his phone into his pocket, the Detective Inspector went to join the fun, and, with some luck, prevent any injuries.
James pushed himself up from the table and clapped his hands together lightly. "Well, if you don't mind waiting around for a bit I'd be happy to take you to the pub around the corner when I'm finished with this autopsy."
Mary frowned and glanced up. "Accident and emergency is a difficult rotation. It doesn't suit with everyone."
Shortly after he'd laid down for the night his left leg seized in a vicious cramp. John had cursed, struggled out of sheets, and stumbled down the steps to the living room. The only way to deal with the night cramps he occasionally got was to walk in slow circles until his muscles admitted defeat.
to see you get better, Harry." She continued to cry quietly, no longer protesting, and holding his hand in a crushing grip while they waited for the ambulance.
need to leave," Sherlock corrected. His tone was soft, but it fell on deaf ears. Sherlock watched his blogger stiffen from his head to his toes.
Marcus eased back slightly, chuckling. "I'm flexible, but I'm not an acrobat. I'll need to stand up for that."
One minute passed, then two, the paramedic was prepping a second dose when Anna's lips parted, and she gasped for air. "Can you hear me?" John asked, leaning over his patient, still prepared for an unintentional spasm. Anna blinked her eyes open, glanced around and immediately tried to sit upright. "Easy," John murmured, supporting her with an arm around her back. "Easy, you've had a close call. We need to get you to hospital so you can be evaluated." Anna nodded mutely, still looking around in a daze and shivering. John gave her his jacket as he helped her onto a stretcher. The paramedic caught his eye and nodded gratefully. "We've got her from here."
There were some hesitation marks before the next paragraph, as though Harry had fought with herself for a long time about what to write next.
Sherlock scanned the bag in his hands, from Barts. John had been to see Molly, likely to have her examine this bottle. The label said Narcan, so John had been working with a patient who had overdosed last night, or was presumed to have overdosed. Something about the patient care had not gone as planned; the patient had to be dead. John had lost patient's before but the abnormalities must have made him suspicious enough to take this bottle to have it tested.
"I had every hope that whatever it was would clear up shortly, and that everything could just...go back to normal." He paused and swallowed thickly. "Until... until last night."
His research at. Barts, as interrupted as it had been, hadn't revealed anything he didn't already know. If there was anything in the case of Mr. Wallingford's death, a lead might be found by examining Charing Cross Hospital directly. Of course a trip in person wouldn't be nearly as revealing as what he could find electronically. The scene of the crime, if there had been one, was hopelessly contaminated. Here, from behind his own computer, he could hack medical records, security cameras, personnel files, death records, autopsies, and more.
There were the nerves too, the fear that things would be forced upon him, mingled with the excitement at finally being this close. John was patient, coaxing Sherlock to distraction with his languid caresses and thorough kisses, never hinting at wanting anything more...except for the growing hardness pressing up into him.
"If I don't stop now, the damage will be permanent," Sherlock murmured, both wanting John to know, and wanting to pull the words back as he said them.
Sherlock's tongue peeked out to wet his suddenly dry lips. "I want to try this," he insisted, "properly."
"Is that when he's at his worst? When he has no cases to solve?" James asked, tearing off a bit of bread and bringing it up to his mouth.
John enlightened James about the details of various cases he hadn't included in his blogs, and James sat in awe of John's adventures. When they had finished their food they stood in tandem and walked to the nearest bin to dispose of their refuse.
Mrs. Aster appeared to be a nervous patient who wanted to be on as few medications as possible. John couldn't blame her. A quick glance at her medical chart showed a history of acute lymphocytic leukemia in her childhood. She was in full remission now, and had been for many years, but the rapid onset had resulted in a healthy child suddenly being on a list of medications longer than her arm. While she had recovered from her cancer, Lucy had also had to contend with lifelong asthma. She hadn't done anything to exacerbate her condition. She didn't smoke, religiously took her medication, exercised, and ate right. She'd simply drawn the short straw in genetics.
Slowly, John nodded. "I was hoping I could convince a friend at Barts to do it." He hoped Molly would. Her tests would be able to put his mind to rest, and he could try to forget this whole thing. Maybe even plan a vacation. He couldn't possibly be right. If he was right…if he was right he would have to go to Sherlock… Subtle evils that no one else could see or catch were his specialty. But no, he had to be wrong, and he needed proof before he could let it go.
"So long as that's allowed?" Sherlock enquires amusedly at John's off-beat reaction. It occurs to John he's letting on his reservations, his face dark and brooding.
John's eyes gravitate from his hands back up to him, wondering how he can possibly know to play it like that. If Sherlock's never felt anything close to being lovelorn, how can he capture an emotion he's never felt and isn't feeling? It's the most brutal thing he's ever listened to, like looking into a mirror.
"I've never needed his help to put criminals away and I don't need it now," he hisses under his breath. He scales back up the steps to their flat, willfully being elusive. John bites his tongue, wishing he could manage to explain how it isn’t about that, how it has nothing to do with his mettle as a detective or his capacity to solve crime. Not liable to let him escape so easily, he follows after him, up the steps back into the living room.
He is distantly aware of John strolling over to them in his one-and-half year old dress shoes and fabric-softened khaki trousers, and turns his startled, cerulean eyes on him. John’s lips are flattened into a wiggly line, resisting the urge to laugh. Sherlock, however, is unable to comprehend what’s so funny.
"Possibly. I know how his brain worked, for the most part," she muses. His first instinct is to disbelieve her. It strains credulity to think she would even be capable of doing that, regardless of whatever extraordinary capabilities her intellect affords her. "He's very simple. Predictable, even," she says, sounding very bored, "In fact, I knew that this would happen to him." John looks at her with a question in his eyes, skepticism on his face. How could she know something like that? "He nearly killed himself once when he was fifteen. He jumped in front of a car to save his dog." John stares, dumbfounded, his mouth parted open until he remembers to close it.
"He is," he acknowledges, running his fingers over the red stain she's left on his bottom lip, and then looks up in dark triumph, "and so are you."
“Hello Wallace. I don’t think we’ve spoken yet,” Sherlock glances at Mrs. Davenport’s much milder counterpart. The man wears rectangular, cinereous half-frames around his celeste irises, and is marked by Norwegian-decent, platinum-blonde hair. He wears a grey three-piece suit that complements his wife’s dress.
“Is it really?” Sherlock drawls implicatively, eyes redirecting to something particularly interesting at the entryway. Nigel follows his line of sight, then taps Mary's shoulder, turning her around to reveal John's opportune arrival. He stands at the entrance, detained by Mrs. Davenport, in a black suit with subtle oxblood undertones that give his hair a lighter, flaxen property.
The stark lighting somehow manages to enhance his impossibly gaunt frame and hollow out his cheekbones even more, his satin dressing gown giving off an unnatural, cold lustre against his pale skin. John could've easily mistaken the whole set-up for a scene out of
"Nevermind," John sighs. It was an equally stupid and pointless question. He shouldn't even be entertaining the possibility that what Eurus had said during his earlier visit was anything other than a manipulative design.
Sherlock eyes her warily as she circles around him, a smirk on her lips that’s been irrevocably woven into his memory. The room is empty except for them, with a few distant voices talking in the parlor room adjacent. The lamplight scatters a dim, diffuse glow across the floor in an otherwise darkened room. She steps nearer, boxing him into the corner of the room, the wall ever present at his back. Her fingers linger on the small table between them and the wall.
"So maybe you fed it to John. Maybe that’s why he’s unconscious,” she suggests, using that play-along tone that police use when they want their subject to confess to a hypothetical. She does, conceivably, have a point. There’s means, motive, opportunity..
Sherlock interrupts her remorselessly executed descent, catching her in midair. “Now, now, you mustn’t do that,” he chides her, setting a very disgruntled seven-year old on the carpet, “You’ll interrupt his beautiful dreams.”
Once he was himself again, the man had vanished, like something he had imagined. Lestrade had been telling him maybe he should see a doctor, but his first instinct was to tell him he didn’t want John anywhere near this. His next thought was that was a spectacularly odd reaction to have, given he didn't have the faintest idea what John or Mary, for that matter, had to do with any of this. He was hardly sure witch way was up and wich was down at that point.
“That was all you needed to say,” Sherlock says, turning around once finished. He leans against the counter, wiping his hands with a checkered kitchen towel.
Mycroft casts him a knowing glance. “It would seem my brother has gotten himself entangled in a case a little over his head," he says in a soothing voice. John is too aggravated not to accept his consolation or contest it, as he normally would.
"Wait," he says, as her hand starts to stray downward toward his belt. His hand grips hers, temporarily waylaid.
Sherlock’s gaze is directed ahead at the drawn curtains over John’s shoulder that dim the flat, and John is face to face with the necktie Sherlock isn’t wearing. He feels his eyes meander upward toward Sherlock’s, by gravity and not by design, he argues antagonistically to himself.
Suddenly, out of no-where, it grips him and tugs him down. His arms flash out reflexively in alarm, bringing him back his former position, head above water.
"It’s a stunt, Rose," he replies, with the wise, slightly impatient tone most parents take on when they are explaining life to their children, "It’s what psychopaths do. Keeps them entertained."
"Then whose am I? Yours?" Sherlock interrupts in what sounds like an accusation, because that is what John seems to be suggesting, with this stunt of his.
Briskly and dourly, without so much as the sound of a footfall, John strides into the room in a pristinely ironed shirt, heavy denim, and burgundy dress loafers. The soldier is freshly groomed, with a clean shaven, set jaw and damp, neatly parted, cropped hair cutting a sharp angle against the nape of his neck. He neglects to turn on the overhead light as his surroundings, while colorless, are just visible.
"Mycroft did?" John asks dubiously, suspecting Mycroft has better things to be doing than villainously cutting violin strings. "Maybe it just broke on it's own." At Sherlock's
The impression of an outstretched hand appears like a shadow against the filtering rays and grips his shoulder, pulling him upward.
John, however, in an unforeseen turn of events, has a deeply adverse reaction to this. To say he disapproves is an understatement- he's looking positively murderous, wearing an expression the likes of which Sherlock has never seen on him before.
"I took the liberty of toying with a few alternative styles,” he elaborates with a loopy hand gesture, and John frowns, giving him a sceptical look. “But now you've exhausted every couple’s dance in my repertoire from Bolero to Veleta. And I think you even know ballet,” his voice lifts, interest piqued.
John stares at her for a long minute, like he's very, very perplexed. When he finally responds, he sounds like a sloth.
Sherlock's husband after all, even if their marriage was something of a bet gone wrong at best, or a competition of who was the most stubborn at worst.
Bryan shoved Sherlock violently into the sofa once more before storming out of the room with a gruff, "We're done here!"
Sherlock's death certificate be misfiled? Molly adored Sherlock, and had pinned over him for years. John couldn't imagine her
"Of course now," Sherlock snapped, "waiting only increases the chances of evidence contamination!" He was out the door and running down the steps in a sudden whirlwind of energy.
The kettle sang shrilly and John plucked it from the stove, pouring the water for the tea. He opened the fridge in search of milk, but came away empty handed. "Sherlock!" he hissed, displeased, "Didn't I tell you we were out of milk?"
"Sherlock? I'm home," John called out, strolling into their flat and shrugging off his jacket. Although time and experience had made it perfectly clear to him that Sherlock didn't listen to him, and that, somehow, even when he wasn't home Sherlock talked to him and had John
Still… what did he have to lose? He had no promising experiments at the moment, and barring late night self-referrals he had not accepted new cases for a worrying amount of time… He could practice his skills on the data before him until the morning, then return one of Lestrade's numerous texts or phone calls asking for assistance. The mounting concern evident in the texts and messages he received from both Mycroft and Lestrade rankled. The fastest way to quiet them both, would be to return to his own version of 'normal.'
"The yard, the damned lot of them are screwing this up!" Sherlock crossed his arms and scowled peevishly.
John paused at the foot of the stairs. Sherlock was still brooding by the windows, shrouded in his long dark Belstaff, wearing it like some sort of personal armor. John took a deep, slow breath, in and out, forcing control over muscles that quivered in pain and uncertainty. One step at a time.
"Can we talk?" Tim asked, tilting his head down the hall. There was a break room at the end of the hall that looked out over a small garden courtyard area.
"I understand that tempers are running high at this delicate time, Mrs. Wallingford," Sherlock soothed. It was tedious placating the family, but wealthy and powerful families had many secrets and they were used to keeping them. His best chance to gain ground was to keep them amiable. Having Bryan angry with him was advantageous because it kept him off-balance, but if they were all angered or felt threatened it would cost him time he didn't have.
They shook hands and the other man said, "Welcome, thank you for coming, John. My name is Eric Brown. My office is just back this way."
"No worries," John replied, holding out his hand to shake the older man's. "My name is Dr. John Watson."
Susan was just starting to look worried when the lights of a police car flared behind them. John turned to see a very cross looking Detective Inspector storm out of his car and towards the world's only consulting detective.
Sherlock smiled when he saw the delivery truck on the far west side of the building. It was large, eighteen wheels, wide load, with a small string of people carrying boxes from the truck into what was most likely the kitchens or some other form of storage. Sherlock slipped over towards the van, approaching from the far side to maximize the cover it would offer him until he was at the back of the van. Sherlock waited until the last of the line of people had disappeared into the kitchen before stepping around the truck and lifting several of the large boxes out of it. The boxes obscured, but didn't completely hide his face, so they wouldn't look like a disguise, but most of the people he saw would look no further than the boxes in Sherlock's arms.
Laurali nodded, her breathing picking up. "That would be about now," she muttered, groaning softly and she folded in on herself with the force of her contraction. "Oh God…"
Petia twisted the ring on his left hand self-consciously. "My wedding ring has never left my hand. I did not think it would matter if I kept it."
"I didn't find anything immediately promising," Mary explained, "So I targeted the hospital's purchase orders, looking for any irregularities. We know he killed Emily Rowley with Morphine labeled as Narcan. Mostly likely he took several bottles of Morphine from the hospital's supplies and relabeled them himself. It's easy and not likely to be noticed since medication errors plague every hospital. We don't know what he used to kill his other victims, but odds are it was something similar."
Sherlock tried to break his flatmate's hold, he was confident he could do so given his superior strength, but he underestimated the strength of John's grip and the leverage he was applying with it. Of course it made sense in retrospect. Being a short man in the army John would've had to use his low center of gravity and his knowledge of anatomy to help command the respect of his fellows. The world's only consulting detective managed to take a few steps forward, but he had expected to throw his blogger off, not carry him along. The unexpected shift of weight caused him to lose his balance and they tumbled to the floor with a magnificent crash.
for the taking. And they already have someone who looks a bit like her, they won't even need to let the world know. They draw Anna deeper and deeper into their little project while the other girl has some work done-surely you noticed the surgery scar just behind her left ear?" Lestrade shook his head and Sherlock rolled his eyes in frustration.
Mycroft let out a long-suffering sigh, as though he was speaking to a child. "John, this...operative has been away for approximately two and a half years on the most dangerous project I have ever seen undertaken. We must be practical."
." The silence had returned then, stretching into long, uncomfortable minutes before Sherlock had spoken again. "
Sherlock swallowed again turning his head away from the emotions swirling in John's eyes. It was useless to pity him. What was the point? He had been a dead man from the moment Miss. Hooper's needle had first pierced his skin. He could never be a bleeding heart romantic, it just wasn't in him. But he had enough time to untangle this last big web, and that would be a fitting end...
"The elevators is this way," Sherlock spoke, indicating the direction with a jerk of his head. He led them down a narrow hallway with unpainted cinderblock walls, and around a corner before coming to an abrupt halt.
John swallowed hard and forced himself not to look away. Sherlock wasn't wrong. Love could be more dangerous than a bullet through the heart, John had seen it happen. He'd
There were more hesitation marks on the page in front of him. Alexander used the paragraph break to swing wildly from a light hearted tone, to a more serious one.
The floor came up to meet John's knees as his arms wrapped tightly around his middle. It didn't stop the shaking, and it wouldn't protect him from the emotions battering against the walls of his heart...but it was all that was left to him.
"I've still got some of my old experiment equipment in storage here," Sherlock replied. "I'll get the supplies we need.
Sherlock sighed loudly and shoved the bag forward for Lestrade to investigate. When he looked inside he was surprised to find there were indeed regular groceries inside…for some reason that fact made him even more concerned about his friend. Sherlock usually didn't bother correcting people needlessly, not unless it related to a case. He really must be out of sorts.
James nodded in understanding, his soft brown eyes gazing steadily into John's. "Everyone always says that love finds you, particularly when you aren't ready for it."
John's gaze darkened with lust, the irises nearly eclipsed by the pupils, and he gave a small thrust forward. Sherlock opened his mouth willingly, reaching around to grasp John by the hips and pull him closer. "Sherlock," he breathed, reaching forward to caress Sherlock's cheek.
Susan looked doubtfully from Ilia, to Sherlock, to Greg. "Is this man an officer?" She asked, indicating Sherlock.
Letting go of his cane, Sherlock draped himself across John's lap. Although the good doctor grumbled, it was belied by his warm smile and encircling hands. Sherlock held John's face in his hands and kissed him slowly. John's hands tightened at Sherlock's waist as he responded to the kiss, opening his mouth to Sherlock's eager explorations.
John nodded at the Detective Inspector, and quickly made his way out of the room. Surprisingly, Sherlock was waiting for him on the curb outside.
"Yes, coming," John replied, stepping away from the mirror and memories that were better left forgotten. He opened his door and smiled at Mary, who was waiting just on the other side. She wore a sleeveless form fitting navy dress that hugged her curves all the way to her ankles. "You look beautiful," John said, forcing his eyes, which had followed the curves of her dress to said ankles, back up to Mary's face.
"Why didn't you tell me?!" John asked, reaching forward to try to grasp Sherlock's arm and get a look at it.
. The fall Sherlock had just took... John shuddered and shook his head. There could still be life threatening injuries causing Sherlock to bleed out from inside...
Sherlock rolled his eyes, a gesture that Molly, thankfully, could not see, as he was examining a slide of bacteria under a microscope. He'd come to Barts to evaluate the strain of bacterial infection that was the end of Mr. Wallingford. Something about the case still did not sit right with him. Maybe it was nothing. Maybe he'd deduced all there was for anyone to deduce. There was the chance he could learn something in this research that would be helpful in other cases, or , even better, that he'd stumble across something that would break open the case once more.
Sherlock nodded and leaned forward slightly, offering a Nikki a slim piece of paper which she reached out to accept with a questioning gaze. "These numbers belong to my brother, Mycroft, and his live in lover, Lestrade. Please text them incessantly if anything doesn't go as planned. If everything does go as planned, text them incessantly anyway."
Sherlock cursed softly and pulled out his phone. It rang in his ear four times before a bleary sounding Lestrade picked up. "ello?"
flatmate in England!" Harry enthused, almost yelling in her excitement. "Is he there? If he's there you
John's eyes flickered back and forth between the dome and the world's only consulting detective. Was this...a peace offering? John opening his mouth, then closed it again, unable to force out any words.
John stretched and yawned, grateful that the end was in sight at last. He rolled his head to stretch his neck muscles and his eyes fell on the sharps container, and the bin that held used medicine containers for appropriate disposal. Emily, now that he knew her name, had been in dire straits when she arrived, but she'd still had a chance... What if it wasn't
Sherlock frowned, blinking when John pressed a kiss close to his eye. He didn't like being easy to read, but John was right, he had been over thinking. "No," he said at length, leaning into John's gentle embrace. John's hands wandered slowly over Sherlock's torso, not trying to arouse, just to hold.
John ran a sooty hand through his hair and took a step back, trying to scan as much of the scene in front of him as he could at once. "Let's review what we know. Mr. McAndrew is an intelligent, sentimental serial killer."
He was vaguely aware of Sherlock close behind him, almost touching his back as he leaned over John's shoulder to read. He shivered when he felt Sherlock's long fingered hand come to rest on his shoulder. The touch was gentle, as though not wanting to irritate the scar tissue underneath the fabric of John's shirt. The ex-army doctor turned his head to look at Sherlock, only a little surprised to find him alarmingly close; he never did pay attention to things like personal space.
"I am not a heartless man," the nobleman assured him, reading John's disquiet in his posture and frequent glances towards the theater. "I
Sherlock held his bow out and studied it in the glow of the streetlights below them. "A waltz for John, I suppose."
John frowned, pleased that Sherlock as conscious, but troubled by his racing heartbeat. He lifted his hand and pressed it to a forehead that was damp with sweat. "You have a fever," John grumbled his fingers sliding down Sherlock's neck to press against the swollen lymph nodes under his jaw.
Sherlock reflected back on the Dwight case and the lost laptop... There was little doubt that the spider was aware of him now. If he could not have the benefit of surprise, why not push his attack? His next move, whatever it was, would need to be fast.
He turned back around and made his way upstairs to his room. As he packed John focused intensely on the details. What should he take with him, and what should he leave? How should he best fold the fabric of his shirt to maximize the space he did have. Where in his luggage should he hide his gun?
become his friend though, Sherlock had seen that happen, and was surprisingly grateful for it. He didn't really have friends because few people could tolerate him just as he was. John, meanwhile had been his staunchest defender when Moriarty's trap had closed in around him, his trust never once wavering.
"I see your cognitive recall is operating just fine," the good doctor replied, securing the bandaged on Sherlock's second hand, before sitting on the side of the bed, his hand still resting on Sherlock's forearm.
something would remind him of something Sherlock had said or done and he'd lose himself in the memory, if only for a moment.
there! With other people Sherlock would make a game of observing their emotions and how he could manipulate them. He would hold his stare for five more seconds and this person would look away, put the right amount genuine sounding concern in his voice, and Lestrade would relent on Sherlock's plans when normal common sense would preclude such an action. But it wasn't a game with John, it was distracting!
"When did you begin to suspect she was in danger?" John asked, trying to get the pieces of this story to string together.
John remained kneeling at Sherlock's feet, his fingers still massaging the now restored shoulder. "Not about the game, Sherlock," he insisted, "You care about that woman, about Anna."
Mary almost grinned at him over her wine glass. "And the police were too familiar with him to respond to gunshots at 221B?"
Sherlock tipped his head slightly to one side and observed John with a wry smile. "No, but I have never lied to you, John."
Once Sherlock had confirmed the instrument was tuned, he rested the bow against the strings and began to play. Mr. Walker attempted to talk over the first few notes to clarify the current production, as if that hadn't been obvious by the advertisements and posters they'd passed along the way. Nikki's instrument was not equal to his, but it was good enough.
John hated that he found Sherlock's intellect so appealing. If only he wasn't always such a beast...
John stared at her, mouth agape, and breaths coming in quick succession. If Mrs. Hudson hadn't been looking at him so earnestly, he might've laughed. "We're
Frederick folded his hands patiently in front of him and continued to drone on, as if speaking to a child. "I understand this is difficult to accept, but-" This time Frederick cut himself off as John stepped menacingly into his personal space.
John turned back to Molly, his fingers closing around the vial she had tested. He quickly sequestered the damning bottle away in his coat pocket. Molly still looked pale and drawn, because she knew what her findings meant for all of them. "Thank you for your help, Molly," John murmured.
"I'm not seeking love either," John murmured, slowly releasing Mary's hand, "and in my case I think I should be avoiding it."
John's eyes darted to said table and saw a plate covered with a small dome, presumably to keep its contents warm. He didn't even bother wondering why such an ill stocked kitchen even
Sherlock sighed in irritation and changed course to his bedroom. He did have his own laptop, using other peoples was just easier. Sherlock scooped said laptop and charger up from the flotsam and jetsam on his bedroom floor and headed to the kitchen; it had the best lighting.
They shared a smile, then Marcus rose to leave. John lay back and watched him go. His eyes drifted to the ceiling when the door clicked shut. He fully intended to make use of the bath, and then…then he would need to get serious about pulling his life together.
For once in his life Sherlock didn't think, he reacted. He was careful to move silently over the stone floor separating him from Moriarty until he was almost upon him, then he lunged. A vicious snarl erupted from his throat as he made contact, pushing his opponent violently over the edge. Moriarty started as he began to fall, but his reflexes were quick. He turned as his body fell away from the precipice, and he clutched Sherlock's arm. The momentum carried them both over the edge.
Sherlock smiled and leaned in conspiratorially. "You'll probably be needing these." The cuffs, which had moments ago been securing his slim wrists hung loosely from a single forefinger.
John 'hmmed' thoughtfully, and set his menu aside. "Anything interesting you'd care to share? I have time to add a few more blog entries before I move." It felt so strange and unnatural to think about moving. Six months ago John never would have believed he could have felt so…comfortable with Sherlock.
"Yes doctor," Janet replied, swiftly reaching for the medicines while his other team members worked on the patient.
to make a sarcastic comment that there had been nothing wrong in the first place, but the words died before they could even make it to his lips. Instead he nodded, his fingers twitching with the repressed urge to curl around John's.
John jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see Sherlock, fully geared up, still in his nursing scrubs, holding out John's tank to him. John accepted it and somewhat begrudgingly tolerated Sherlock's help in strapping it on.
A few minutes of tense silence passed before the ladder of the helicopter came into view, Mycroft perched expertly on its rungs. Still John didn't move, the barrel of his gun never wavered from the woman's head. Brother to Sherlock or not, John had only met the man once, and he didn't trust him.
The world's only consulting detective whirled out of his bedroom followed by an ominous cloud of smoke. Despite John's dubious look, the smoke dissipated rapidly. Sherlock peeled safety goggles off his head and studied the man his blogger had brought with him.
A cold that had little to do with the misty rain settled deep into John's skin and clawed at his heart. Mycroft would know, better than any other person, how to lure John in with those letters. Build his trust, push his buttons, play with his heart like a cat with a mouse.
"And you think they might be having an affair; in this together to rid themselves of the now troublesome husband," Sherlock drawled as if he were bored.
John glanced up, just for a moment, then cursed himself for doing so. Sherlock's blue/gray eyes were waiting for him in an expression so vulnerable that it hurt to look at. Had he really meant what he'd said? Did he even know
They both chuckled, then Sherlock started to cough in a way that cause worry to bloom again in John's chest. What the hell was he doing sitting around
They ran through the hushed cemetery, towards the small gathering in the distance, Sherlock easily outpacing the good doctor with his long legs. John watched as the world's only consulting detective barreled through the small congregation, and strong-armed his way towards the coffin, wrenching it open.
Molly had revived him from his faint and walked with him back to Baker Street, tripping over apologies the entire time. She'd settled John into the very chair where he sat now. John did his best to waive off her concerns with claims of low blood sugar combined with the sudden shock of "seeing it in writing," although he had not elaborated on
Trigger Warning: This chapter contains graphic depictions of a violent murder, and a criminal dog fighting ring. Please be safe and do not read if this may trigger you.
As a doctor, John couldn't disagree. As a person, he'd never been able to sit through someone massaging a cramp away. He struggled reflexively, but Sherlock held him down with a strength that was constantly surprising the ex-army doctor.
In their own crazy way, he and Alexander were connected in their grief, and John was long past fighting this connection. His letters to Alexander had lost their earlier hesitation, as well as much of their reserve, after he'd shared his feeling about Sherlock. Alexander and he were fighting separate, personal wars. Only now they were united, soldiers in arms. Alexander's struggle was obvious, and if the only thing John could do for him was to write back, well, Captain John Watson never left a man behind.
get to him. I've never seen him leave a crime scene before he was done not-so-subtly berating us all for being so stupid."
John felt hands on him, pulling his sodden clothes off, and he let it happen. It was the right thing to do for hypothermia, and he was in no position to argue.
John pressed against Sherlock, pressing gentle kisses over the marked skin of his neck while his fingers worked. Sherlock shivered as John drew his shirt way, pressing his clothed chest against Sherlock's bare back. Sherlock leaned back as the John's hands slid down his front, slowly undoing the button and zipper of Sherlock's trousers. John didn't remove the trousers right away, instead letting his hands roam and explore while he pressed more sucking kisses against Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock, who had never wanted to be possessed, or owned, felt his heart leap at John's declaration, because he knew it went
As per usual, this chapter is based on a cannon Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Sherlock story, feel free to guess which one.  I hope you enjoy!
John smiled at the sentiment. As much as she protested that she was "not a housekeeper" Mrs. Hudson seemed to make a point of trying to take care of Sherlock and himself. It was little wonder that Sherlock cared about her, despite all his protests. One did not throw a burglar out a two story window , after beating them senseless, for someone who was not important.
He'd only written a few cases so far, but he'd seen enough of Sherlock's daily life to get a sense of the rhythm he might expect. He was well-aware that there would be more difficult cases that would keep him up late, but the pace was more than tolerable for now.
like he felt. She wasn't crying or wracked with any obvious pain, but the love and devotion on her face shone clearly in the candlelight, illustrating her loss poignantly. You couldn't love like that without putting your heart on the line, and she had also lost.
John's grin was unrelenting. "The gardens, huh?" he mused, skimming the description of the expansive grounds residents of the Edelweiss Recovery Center could cultivate, if they so chose. "Sounds like fun to me. I remember I could hardly get you out of Mum's gardens, when we were younger."
Anna. You've just confessed to stalking and harassing this poor woman." Sherlock tipped his joined hands forwards towards his would-be client. "Don't you think that it's
"With how often I go to the bathroom?" Laurali asked, her breath coming in gasps now, "Didn't seem worth it."
loved him. Even without voicing his feelings officially or changing their relationship, John knew he had committed himself. Through his actions he'd made silent promises to Sherlock to be there, to help him, and share in his life. For all John's high handed notions of honoring their friendship and Sherlock's wishes, he had allowed Sherlock deeper into his heart than was wise, by any standards, and he would be paying the price for it for some time to come.
"Sometimes," John mused, "It depends. He loves to run experiments too, on the most random things, or at least I can't find any order to them. He claims they help him out on cases, knowing how fast eyeballs freeze then thaw, or how biological evidence responds to people's attempts to remove it." He shrugged. "Things get
Mycroft lifted his hands to the sides of his head, and closed his eyes, breathing heavily through his nose. "I don't have time for this Sherlock," he was attempting to speak evenly, but his voice shook with barely contained fury. "I have to
Sherlock mumbled something incomprehensible, and opened his eyes. He licked his lips then managed, "There's no need to shout..."
He turned the corner into a corridor that was, as expected, unoccupied. He slipped quickly into his victims room, an easy smile on his face. His victim was sleeping, to be expected given the sedatives the victim was on for pain management. The dose was within the guideline, but he had used his administrative privileges to change the amount ordered, and how often, without leaving a trace.
John held Sherlock's gaze steadily with his own. He was worried, and he didn't want to scare Sherlock off. "We're not, but you are."
just to the left of his microscope. The difference was so jarring that it took him a moment to remember that
Mycroft was easy to brush off, John liked him about as much as Sherlock ever did. It was the others that got to him. Those bastards Donovan and Anderson... Lestrade, Molly, even Mrs. Hudson had, in their own way, encouraged John to 'let go' of Sherlock and to 'move on.'
Susan's injuries both healed and healing flashed through his mind palace, and Sherlock wondered if, on a moral level, he was all that different from Dan, the man who had beaten his lover for so long. Sherlock had never struck John physically, but emotional and mental pain lasted longer, and festered more easily.
"When he returned the second time, I simply did not know he was there; I was too deep in my mind palace."
He felt the cold air of oncoming winter hit him as he stepped outside the shop and forced himself to observe the people passing by. It had been many years since he'd practiced his skills on people in the street; the last time had been part of a contest Mycroft and he had played as children, but in that moment he was willing to grasp onto anything that would bring back a sense of control.
"Mrs. Hudson was up just a minute ago," Sherlock murmured from his position on the floor. He was surrounded by small towers of boxes and piles of papers on all sides.
"Sh-Sherlock, fuck!" John cried, arching into Sherlock's mouth. "Do you have lube? O-or condoms?" John doubted that Sherlock would have had these things for sex, but with the amount of varied experiments the man ran, it was worth asking. If they weren't to be found John would definitely need to remedy that… tomorrow.
"Oh, Papa, Cori said the children at her daycare wanted you and dad to come around for story time again."
The ex-army doctor detoured to the kitchen, and poured the soup into a clean bowl. He set the bowl on a small tray alongside a glass of water and a spoon. Moving efficiently and quietly, John walked into the living room and set the tray he had prepared on the coffee stable.
"I am," John assured Greg, and it almost wasn't a lie. His brief encounter with Sherlock aside…he was content. His job was interesting without being life threatening, Mary was good company, and there were never any body parts in the kitchen. Everything was fine…
John followed wordlessly, watching in distaste as the taller man quickly dispatched the lock on a nearby window and wormed his way inside the building. There was a brief pause before Sherlock's head peaked back outside, and he pinned John with his gaze. "Are you coming."
else right now felt like too much. He'd been honest with Mary about everything else, but this part of the injury was too fresh, too raw. He
Sherlock lifted his eyes to Mary's, forcibly ignoring the sympathy he saw in them. There was little else to go on, so it was as good a place to start as any.
John was sitting, rather uncomfortably, across from their nobleman client. They were sitting in the window of a small bistro across the street from the ballet theater, waiting for Sherlock to return with the blackmail material.
John brightened a bit. "Life doesn't make promises, Mycroft; trying is all you can do." John almost added a 'thank you,' but he was still angry at Mycroft for what he'd said about his brother. Sherlock deserved every bit of respect and loyalty John could give; even if he had left spare body parts in the fridge...
John pulled his hand back sheepishly, grateful that he hadn't managed to strangle the man before he came to his senses. Even so, the man had not even flinched when John's hand had pushed against his throat... This was bound to be an interesting case.
Greetings my lovely readers.  I don't thinks this author's note will be quite up to snuff, but that's what happens when I have to work overtime...
John snuggled happily into Sherlock's side over breakfast the next morning.  Sherlock was in an exceptionally good mood as well, he was even eating.  John 'hmmed' happily and sipped his tea.
Beside him Lestrade chuckled softly and shook his head. "I don't know where he found you, John, but I think you might be good for him."
"Obviously." Sherlock confirmed. "I had a case to solve and observing unnecessary social niceties would only have wasted time."
"I'll scrub up in the loo, you gather the supplies and meet me on the sofa?" John asked. Sherlock nodded, and they both went to their separate tasks.
He had attended the funeral, naturally. It was necessary to appear to 'show support' for such an important and influential patient. He was very good at controlling his expressions, and had made all the appropriate gestures of sadness and condolences, while secretly preening over his success.
His stout was placed before him and John sipped it gratefully. He didn't really think it would take the edge off, or help numb the pain a bit, this pain, as he knew from bitter experience, was too big for a pint or a dozen to make any difference, but it was something to do. Two drink limit.
His letters from his sister, which continued to arrive at a regular pace, gave him something to hope for, and his new friendship with James was a balm to his emotional turmoil. James was everything Sherlock was not. He was warm, friendly, caring, sympathetic, and rapidly becoming a trusted confidant. They'd kept in touch and had plans to meet again today, at a local pub. John was almost giddy at the thought of a night away from everything.
He sets about making tea as an excuse to occupy his hands, not that he wants any. He nearly pours two mugs out of habit before stopping himself. He's put an excessive amount of honey in one and it irks him. He turns off the stove and plants both hands on the counter. Tea is usually his cure-all for even the most hardfast of problems, but here it's done him no favors.
He’s distantly aware of the words coming from his mouth, his nails digging into his palms as he watches the interaction. She’s toying with him, marking him as hers in front of John so as to leave no question of ownership. John shakes is head. No, the idea of it, that he belongs to her, is obscene.
John chuckled. He knew Alexander was only trying to get more of a sense of who he was, but it felt like he was being 'deduced' all over again.
No. Why? Why now, after everything else? If Alexander... If Sherlock...If Mycroft had bad news to share, John had every fucking right to be 'not fine.' This wasn't just one death. It was the death of his best friend, the man he loved, not once, but twice...
learn. "You sound like my worthless therapist, Mycroft," John spat, not even turning to face the elder Holmes.
Sherlock hadn't excepted more answers about Mr. Wallingford from his second son, not when the first and heir knew so little and Nathan had only recently turned his full attention back home. Still, Nathan's response made much of his character clear to Sherlock. He was more level headed than Bryan, due in part to the limited pressure of being a second son in a prestigious family, but he was sharp enough to see that more than everyday business had occupied Mr. Wallingford's last weeks...
The sounds of a struggle filtered up from the alleyway and Sherlock could hear Wiggins voice, "Lay off me! I ain't done nothing this time!" More sounds of a struggle and snarling dogs. There was the sound of someone being dragged a short ways then another voice broke in.
Lestrade ran his thumb over his lips, thinking. "I could ask judge Smith, but it would take at least a day to get approval."
John eased in a second finger alongside the first, swallowing Marcus's gasp with a kiss. He moved his joined fingers gently at first, probing and stretching, ensuring everything was slick with lube. Marcus rocked against his hand, impaling himself, breaking their kiss with a moan.
John smiled as he scanned the page. This Alexander struck him as a proud sort of person that did not open up easily. John wondered if he was projecting traits of Sherlock onto Alexander because of how much he missed the consulting detective. It was hard to tell.
There was a long moment of silence and shared glances before Sherlock shifted and withdrew his arm from John's grasp.
Since his agreement with Nikki, Sherlock had not had the time to hack Charing Cross Hospital's security cameras and watch John's shifts as much as he had previously been doing. As such, it was a complete surprise when John, and his female flatmate, whom Sherlock now knew went by the name 'Mary,' rounded the corner and made straight for 221 B. They were coming for him, they had a case, and John was
John was in the Morgue at St. Barts again. It had been a long time since he'd come to St. Barts. He used to spend a great deal of time here, just after Sherlock fell. Going to Barts had helped almost as much as it hurt, like tonguing a wound in your mouth as though the act of running your tongue across it would make it heal. He'd just about had a panic attack every time he tried to get in the front door, and then he'd stand around the morgue for hours without being much use to anyone.
"Yes doctor," The orderlies chorused as Sherlock backed out of the room, nodding to the guards as he went. Deft fingers relived the second guard of his keys. The master key was easy to deduce, it was too common a practice for large buildings like this to have multiple locks respond to the same key. It saved on space and confusion, and reduced actual security at the same time.
Mary's expression was both sad and thoughtful. "Do you think he's the one holding Nikki's seat for her while she recovers?"
"I'm sure it will be delicious," John replied, trying to pretend that at least some of this was normal. Would Sherlock actually eat? John so rarely witnessed the act. Then again this was an elegant restaurant, and not eating
The good doctor smiled as he slid down on the sofa and pulled the blanket down from off the back, making himself comfortable. He knew Sherlock hadn't been asking
Sherlock had been back to solving cases for three months now, and he was beginning to crystallize on an idea that had only been fleeting before his poisoning. There was a pattern to his work that was finally becoming clear to him. There was something,
Sherlock bit back the urge to growl in frustration. His own thoughts had made his point for him. He'd spent the last thirty seconds absorbed in thoughts not related to this current case, because of
Sherlock blinked at her, not sure how to respond. He hadn't been clicking over to a new tab to watch John, that was the point of shrinking and fixing the camera feed in the top right hand corner, he could move from tab to tab without and disruption of his visual access to the Charing Cross security camera feed. She must have been tracking his eye movements… Although she might just have enough skills to have remotely accessed his computer. He was scanning and protecting against that kind of invasion, but as he'd thought earlier, Mary was a highly, highly skilled hacker and computer engineer.
Mary frowned and said, "I meant what I say about your boundaries, John. If I push them or step over them let me know and I'll stop."
John reached for Sherlock's hand and brought it to his lips, kissing Sherlock's fingers. "Yeah, well, I intend to take my time. Do things properly." Sherlock nodded and pulled John in for a desperate, open mouthed kiss.
"Like that's ever stopped us before," John replied, kissing, and nibbling his way down Sherlock's chest.
For just a moment, Sherlock thought their escape would be seamless. The kidnappers, however, were organized, and their absence was noticed not half a minute later. Sherlock had immediately volunteered Laurali as bait, running through the maze of hallways to distract the kidnappers while he brought Elzbieta outside. Laurali was smart and quick on her feet. It wasn't long before she had her captors chasing their tails.
John, who was on his way back to Laurali with water, joined them in the hallway. "We could look after her for the night, if you wanted," he suggested.
The thought almost made John stop in his tracks. He hadn't. Not in months. When he'd first moved in all he could think about was when this would all be over, but now… He still thought about what would happen when Harry completed treatment and how he could help her transition. But he hadn't thought of not working cases with Sherlock… He ... really had become attached...
Sherlock detested these kinds of gatherings and all the false niceties associated with them. He had only attended so that he could close his latest case. The case, and the invitation to this Gala, had both come to him through Mycroft. Sherlock was invited to all of Mycroft's high handed soirees, but he never attended. He didn't take cases from his brother either, but this one was at least an eight, and he hadn't worked a case above a four in two months. Also, Mycroft may have not so subtly threatened something about exile if Sherlock didn't capitulate 'just this once.'
basic comforts. He still wouldn't trust most of the kitchen, for all his trying, but his bedroom was his own, and the living room, aside from the area of Sherlock's desk, now held a tolerable assortment of bric-a-brac which John had corralled into manageable stacks and piles. It wasn't what he wanted, but it was
"Johnny, I'm so sorry," Harry murmured, realizing how desperate her brother must have been to see her.
While it wasn't uncommon for Sherlock to throw John right into the thick of a case with no warning, the ex-army doctor usually had at least some grasp of the situation by the time Sherlock arrived at the pacing and muttering stage of his deductions Except…John had never seen Sherlock's hands shake as they were now. It was probably the result of too much caffeine, seeing how Sherlock never slept. At least John hoped it was caffeine . His stomach turned at the thought of watching another person's addiction tear them to pieces, he was barely coping with his sister's difficulties.
He was distracted and forgetful. His mind was foggy and he felt the gloom of Sherlock's absence weighing him down. John knew he was better than this. He'd had better days at the clinic on less sleep when he was still working cases with Sherlock. His patients shouldn't have to tolerate his bad day… Some of them looked a bit angry, but the ones that looked at him with uncertain pity were the worst, and it only distracted him more.
There was no taking it back; John had made that abundantly clear. Sherlock wasn't even sure he wanted to. To feel vulnerable emotions was one thing, but to act on them… It was a pointless struggle, everything was already over and done with. What he needed to focus on now was his cases, his experiments, his clients. Those had always been his priorities, and they weren't going to change. Now if only he could focus…
"Sometimes there's a great deal of mystery behind a death, and much of that can be solved in the morgue, if you know what to look for. For example; although this one is easy, I can tell if someone was a smoker by looking at their hands. Most of the time anyway. If they smoked with a pipe then their mouth would give away more than their hands." James talked animatedly, his passion for his craft clearly evident in his face. "Also, it feels like the best way to honor the dead, by telling their story."
John surrendered to the sensations and allowed Sherlock to nearly lull him to sleep with his careful ministrations.  He was, however, awake enough to feel Sherlock slide his hand into John's and return the small squeeze it gave.  That small squeeze spoke volumes.  John knew he wasn't alone.
Mycroft had been kind enough to arrange it that Sherlock and John would be left alone for two months at 221B. He'd sent Mrs. Hudson on Holiday, and sternly informed John's friends that visits of any kind would interrupt John's "therapy."
By the time the Thai Food arrived, Sherlock was yelling advice and commentary at the screen and John was struggling not to laugh. Sherlock did
"Well, yeah. She's quiet about it, but she's got enough money to turn heads if anyone knew about it. I've always told her to be careful, but she's never really felt the need to take on security or anything. She always said she lived so quietly, and was so careful about who she trusted that she thought it would never be an issue." Mr. Miller dropped his head into his hands and sighed loudly.
Mary was giving him that thoughtful look again, and John didn't like it. He'd done nothing to contribute to his own misfortune. He didn't speak up, however, instead choosing to believe that Mary was thinking of her late husband. She had never talked about the details of Sean's death, and John hadn't pressed. Perhaps, under the right circumstances it could have been preventable.
Sherlock closed his eyes and concentrated intensely on his breathing until he had better control of his emotions. Giving Molly any kind of attention now would only encourage her, and giving her any inkling of the truth would be disastrous.
"Lies," John murmured with a small smile, "that's just what you want people to think." Both of John's hands came up to surround Sherlock's rubbing it gently to try to improve circulation. The good doctor paused and reached for Sherlock's other hand, frowning when he found it just as cold. He held both hands then, rubbed them both, before finally lifting them both up, close to his mouth and expelling a few hot breaths over the fingertips. John's eyes locked with Sherlock's as he breathed warmth back into his extremities.
on John. One should not wish one's blatantly fake date would embarrass and shock the helpless patrons of an upscale restaurant; it wasn't funny...it
"It's ironic that you came in today," Molly said, breaking in on John melancholic reverie. John turned to face the young morgue assistant with a puzzled look on his face.
Petia nodded. "That is fair enough, Mr. Holmes. Perhaps you could start by telling me what you know, and then I will fill in the rest."
Sherlock remembered one afternoon at the close of a particularly fulfilling case when he'd observed Mycroft hand Lestrade an umbrella. It was one of Mycroft's, which was all the more shocking because Mycroft was very particular about objects which belonged to him. That umbrella, and Lestrade's divorce, finalized six months prior, told Sherlock everything he needed to know.
John's hands clenched into trembling fists. He shut his eyes for a moment in an attempt to calm himself, only to open them again when Sherlock's fall began to replay behind his lids.
John opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off by a pained wailing from the hallway. "Please! My husband, I've
"Brilliant," Mary replied, and leaned forward in her seat to remove his tie and undo the first few buttons of his collar.
John closed his eyes for a moment and laughed at himself. He decided he must have a special place in his heart for sarcastic, cryptic, impossible men, because no other sort of person would be so enamored of such a correspondence. Still, there were worse faults to have.
It was becoming readily apparent that Sherlock would need to look elsewhere for the details of Mr. Wallingford's secret. It would be foolish not to be thorough, however. The family was on edge already, and he had done everything in his power to maximize the advantage.
"Yes!" He was almost shouting as he threw his hands into the air. "It has to be! That's all he ever does. It's something with the Royal Opera House, probably, or someone connected with it. He probably saw Nikki's accident and recommended she ask for me. He probably wants to rope me into whatever scheme he's planning by playing to my sympathies." John cursed again. "I thought it was a little strange that she asked for me that night, considering I'd never treated her before, but I thought maybe she'd heard of me." John shook his head, chuckling darkly. "Turns out she'd been
Before he could get there he was intercepted by Tim Hawthorne, one of the residents on rotation. His face was drawn and pale, and John came immediately to attention. "What's wrong?"
"I'm not talking about games, Mycroft!" Sherlock shouted back, the hurt obvious in his voice. "I can do all sorts of things I'm not supposed to be able to do! I have for years, you know that!"
John followed, his mind a tangle of confusion. With one breath Sherlock was all but discounting the name of one of William's victims, and with his next he was expressing concerns about saving lives. Did he
Sherlock sighed exasperatedly, and glared at John over his shoulder. "You're an invalided solider with a psychosomatic limp; of course you have a therapist."
John's name spilled from Sherlock's lips in a long, low moan as he started to come, his whole body shaking with the force of it. John let out a wordless groan, pushing his knot up into Sherlock at last. John's hands came up to cup Sherlock's face as his orgasm rocked through him. They trembled and held each other for several long, breathless moments before their eyes fluttered open, their gazes locked, and they started to giggle.
Watching Sherlock take up his instrument once more, John realized that he really didn't mind if Sherlock had deduced the whole story. For all his temper and bad manners, Sherlock wasn't the type of person to use this story against him Sherlock could be a holy terror and utterly disregarded the opinions of others, but John had never seen him cause pain just for the sake of causing pain. That, more than anything else, bolstered John in his opinion that there was more to the world's only consulting detective than the beast he seemed to want the world to think he was..
Sherlock finally reached the condoms and lube and pushed both into John's waiting hands. John had maneuvered himself between Sherlock's legs at this point and was idly pressing sometimes tender, sometimes biting kisses along his inner thighs. John spread some lube along his palm and reached forward to take Sherlock in hand. Sherlock jerked and moaned softly at the sensation, his hands scrabbling at John's shoulders.
Greg yanked Sherlock's arm up behind his back, whirling the taller man around to face him. "Oi! You can't go looking through a morgue any time you please!" His tone was exasperated and exhausted, like a parent who had had to repeat themselves too many times.
in the middle of a case and Sherlock's mind kept wandering. He wanted to speak to John about more than just the case, wanted to reach out and
John stiffened, then and nodded, sitting up straight so that he could scan the street signs and track their progress. Beside him, Sherlock was smirking, but John didn't care. Let the bastard be amused, this was not about a contest of wills now, or a case, this was about a life.
contained saline. It did not have any stable components that resembled any substance of abuse, despite his repeated tests for trace amounts of hallucinogens. On a whim, and because he could, Sherlock tested his sample against all the classical poisons. It did not resemble Cyanide, Strychnine, Hemlock, Arsenic, Mercury, Oleander, Ricin, or any other toxic substance Sherlock could think to test against. All these negative results, did make one thing irrevocably clear: Whatever the syringe had contained was incredibly complex.
James scuffed the group with his feet for a moment, before looking back up at John. "And this isn't about a case?" He asked, confusing John even more. James rushed to explain. "You've been telling me about this big case that he's working. He wouldn't tell you much about it before, but if you're working it together... I don't know. His work is dangerous and your caught up in it. Some people think they have to distance themselves from people they care about, their friends, when their doing dangerous work. That never made any sense to me, but..." James shrugged. "I just didn't want you to feel like that was something you had to do, if that's what brought this on."
Part of John wanted to crumple the paper up and hurl it into the fire. But there was another part, the ex-soldier part that knew what it was like to be far from home... And this poor sod probably didn't even have so much as a platoon to keep him company.
Once he'd obtained to documents he'd stored them in his office; every political office held a secret compartment or two these days. His plan had no doubt been to sell the trade agreement secretly. This would not only make him money, but provide excellent discussion material for his campaign to end corruption in the government.
Sherlock waived a hand dismissively behind himself. "Just a few moments; I haven't found the body I'm looking for…"
Sherlock's mouth worked open and shut for a few moments, but no words came. He looked at Mycroft, then at John, then down at his good hand which John had once again covered with his own. A small, disbelieving smile crept over Sherlock's face.
Sherlock's heels were pressed down into the mattress, his muscles straining as he pushed up into John's hand. "So, beautiful," John murmured, shifted to capture Sherlock's swollen lips in another demanding kiss. Sherlock moaned, his arms pulling John closer as his hips rocked in a steady rhythm.
And that's my Johnlock rendition of Beauty and the Beast! I hope you enjoyed the story, it's been a long time coming and I'm glad I was able to share it. I may write a brief, epilogue, I haven't decided yet. I think I'll leave it up to you all. Let me know if you want an epilogue, and I'll see what I can do.
Marcus's skin was flushed to his chest as he began rocking back into John's thrusts. His chest was pale and lean and with his head thrown back he almost looked...
"I'd like to use some lube, if you don't mind," John murmured, easing back slightly so that his hands stroked over Sherlock's stomach.
"Well," Sherlock began, his smile fighting to turn into a grin, "It's all part of the process, I suppose."
Sherlock thought of her obvious intentions to facilitate reconciliation between himself and John and murmured, "I'm not so sure about that."
Harry, meanwhile, had stoically endured all that she could, while slowly shrinking away from everything that might have helped her. Unable to find stable footing in the tumult of her life, she had turned to the only thing that had hinted at safety: alcohol. She knew it was dangerous and she knew it was not normal, but walking on the razors edge had left her incapable of dealing with any demons she did not know intimately. Any hope, however promising, brought with it struggles she did not feel capable of handling.
John made himself smile and nod. "Thank you for thinking of me." He paused a moment and licked his lips before speaking again, trying not to sound as anxious as he was. Thankfully being a solider, as well as Sherlock's…flatmate had more than prepared him to keep a cool head under pressure. "Have you seen Sherlock?"
John bit back a snort of self derisive laughter and shook his head at himself. He was gushing romantic sentiment like a hormonal teenager... and he was being honest.
Eric escorted John back to the waiting room, shook his hand once more, then called the next person in. John nodded to a tall woman with long dark curls as they passed each other, and made his way out onto the street. John forced himself to walk to a nearby park at sit down at a bench before he called Mary.
John nodded. "She should make a full recovery. She's very lucky. Did I tell you someone is covering her seat for her while she's healing?"
It wouldn't be long now, one way or the other. He'd only just lengthened his agreement with John, but he had been expecting that. He hadn't originally expected that John and his final case may intersect, but now that he was stirring up trouble he'd have to send John out to investigate some of the lesser cases. He'd done that in the past, when he couldn't be bothered to go in person. John wasn't completely hopeless, and…it wouldn't be fair for him to get caught in the crossfire…
"There," Greg murmured, pointing at the screen. "The idiot is mucking around near that excavation site for the new skyscrapers, the one where they found those artifacts being put up for auction." Greg turned his screen around so that John could see.
. It was like this new life he'd forged for himself was a sweater that had been through the dryer when it wasn't supposed to. It bunched and pulled in all the wrong places despite his efforts to find comfort in it.
John's eyebrow twitched at Sherlock's flawless act. It just wasn't right. Someone so bitter and twisted shouldn't also be so brilliant about everything. So far, John had only seen Sherlock use his gifted mind to resolve cases and, even if he didn't quite intend it, stop trouble. What would London, or the world at large be in store for if he ever decided to
John's gaze skimmed along the emergency brake and his conscience flooded his mind with guilt. It was more than a bit 'not good', and he would terribly inconvenience the travelers around him, assuming he could even make it out of the train station without being arrested...
He hadn't struggled with cramps in a long time, especially since he'd moved in with Sherlock. However he had done a lot of running recently and today had been a particularly long day at the clinic.
John sighed contentedly when he finally stepped through the door of his long-familiar flat. It hadn't been a long case by any standards, but it was always nice to come home again. He slid his jacket off and hung it on the stand by the door before rolling up his sleeves and turning to Sherlock.
Sherlock had his cabbie stop about a mile away from Holloway Sanatorium. He wasn't going to be let in, neither was Lestrade. This wasn't a legitimate investigation; the timing of this was too convenient. This was an
him." The silence that followed was so thick and menacing that John was certain he'd have to break up a fist fight.
John took a breath to steady himself. He was being harsh on Alexander at the same time as trying to be comforting, and it felt like there was something unidentified swimming just beneath the surface...
"Exactly, Mr. Holmes!" Mr. Miller burst out, exasperated. "I'm her best friend, and she's mine. There's
Looking back, John had to agree. They'd barely said two words together to each other the whole time. It had been very comforting, almost cozy working alongside James. He'd like to do it again. "I'll think about it," he conceded, still smiling, "after Harry's back home and settled."
Sherlock smiled to himself and took his time straightening the papers before he replied. "When I was at university, I was much the same as I am now," he said at last. "So it must come as no surprise that I had little contact with others outside my classes. It might have continued that way indefinitely if it weren't for the adder."
They walked together to the very back of the room, to a corner well hidden from the door. There was a simple folding table and chair, and on the center of the table, facing the wall, was a single black laptop.
"Not lately," John observed. "You've been sleeping almost like a normal person for the past few weeks."
I still intend to work on and complete all projects I have mentioned. Now that I am back to writing you may expect updates once more. I am still employed at both jobs so, unless I put you through further delays to allow for completion and editing of future stories before the first post begins, my posting will be slower than before. I cannot guarantee once a week posting. I can, however, guarantee at least once a month. Likely more, but we'll see. I am still dealing with lingering aftermath, and planning a wedding.  Slower schedule aside, I am most definitely back to writing. Thank you all for your patience, and I sincerely hope you all continue to enjoy my stories.
John was expecting more of a fight, he was expecting a temper tantrum if he was honest, but Sherlock simply looked up at him, then over to Mary who started edging her hands onto the keyboard as Sherlock's left them. Sherlock even vacated his seat, without much protest, allowing Mary to slide into place almost seamlessly. John's mouth fell slightly open as he watched the exchange. Sherlock
And then Sherlock was kissing him.  The reporters, the flashing lights, all of that vanished for John, obliterated by the feel of soft lips against his.  John pulled Sherlock closer to him, tangling his fingers in thick black curls, and opening his mouth in invitation  Sherlock's warm, wet tongue slid against his, and John moaned into the kiss.  There were no more questions, no more doubts, just Sherlock and him, like it was meant to be.
John didn't think he was foolishly loyal, he just hadn't seen the humor or convenience in being kidnapped and threatened. Still, Mycroft was right. He'd become...attached to Sherlock in ways it was almost uncomfortable to consider. He had determined not three hours ago to put Sherlock out of his mind for now, and here he was ignoring any sense of boundaries or proprieties. Typical.
The Odette he had just played for may have been able to regain her humanity and her love, but John Watson would
Sherlock tugged his coat tighter around himself as he walked, not because he thought it would help with the chill in his bones—that was the poison, but so the oversized garment would cover his profile, and help disguise his height and weight. He was trudging too, his worn out soles scraping the pavement as he shuffled along.
Sherlock had been right about everything, except Harry's gender. Harry had left Clara to protect her from more heartbreak, and John had taken Harry in, because all they had now, was each other. It had been that way for most of his and Harry's lives... It was entirely possible there were
John smiled triumphantly, shaking his head at his Flatmate's stubborn nature. "What will you ever do without me?" he asked. It had been a joke, but Sherlock's reply was soft, and serious.
"Thank you for your service," Marcus replied smoothly. "You're a braver man than me. The only battlefield I can handle is the family I work for."
"Yes, and how many more will it take to keep them alive? Hm? The numbers don't add up; not in their favor anyway."
John smiled a knowing smile to himself. Of course he knew. He had carefully removed the battery himself, the day after Sherlock fallen. His watch was frozen reading the hour and the minute that changed John's life forever.
Cool, smooth fingers fell gently over John's wrist to still his movements. It was the softness of the touch that brought John to a temporary stand-still. Mycroft was many things, but John would never really call him
"Oh, that's not the half of it! You know he keeps a skull, a real human skull, on his mantelpiece for 'company.' And, he has a riding crop mixed in with the fireplace pokers. When I asked, he informed me that he had used it to
For Harry's sake, and the potential wrath such an action could invoke from his 'employer', John hadn't actually turned off his phone, just everything but that. He hadn't returned to 221B after leaving Sherlock in the cafe across from the theater. Instead he'd picked up his mail from his PO box (He had picked one up after his first few letters had arrived, because he like to maintain the illusion of privacy, especially when it came to his sister's letters, regardless of his certainty that nothing in 221 B escaped Sherlock's thorough inspection) and called James.
John cast his eyes around the apartment, still searching for something he could grasp onto. ...There was nothing...nothing.
John smiled when Odette made her appearance, twirling out of the 'water' around stage, then dancing together with Prince Siegfried. He didn't know if the actors were in love, but they played their parts well. They seemed joyous and carefree, utterly oblivious to the trails that await them.
have what he needed. He could try a medical supply store, but if he was going to have a safe place for Harry to land once her treatment was complete, he really needed to save every bit of his pension that he could. "What is that blasted idiot going to do with a size twenty three scalpel anyway?" John muttered, looking fruitlessly over the shelves once more.
John sighed and pressed his lips in a thin, unhappy line. "Stubborn idiot," he muttered. John would have to see if he could talk some sense into him.
Mary helped John clear the table, and then John gently but firmly insisted that he had agreed to do the washing up, and that Mary was not obligated to help. Mary left the kitchen, albeit reluctantly. When the last dish was neatly put away John strolled into the living room and found Mary curled on the couch. She had her head bent over a book, and she was murmuring quietly to herself as she read.
The other man raised an eyebrow at this, but made no further comment as John led him up the stairs to 221 B.
John set his phone down and rolled over, trying to find a comfortable position. The ache that he'd grown so accustomed to, however, was still there, and sleep did not come easy.
John was leaning against a wall for a moment, catching his breath, and surveying the crowd, when he saw someone walking towards him. They weren't rushed, so John made no move to push off the wall and into action, he just looked up, and smiled when he recognized Eric.
Wry amusement was painted on John's face, but the eyes that locked with Sherlock's were still and serious. "I wasn't about to put you in danger for my sister's sake. I wasn't even thinking about her, to be honest." When Sherlock's frown deepened John finally chuckled. "I care about you too, you know."
John just barely heard Greg shout, "Sherlock, don't do anything stu-" before Sherlock ended the call.
"He's just run to the market for some milk," Laurali explained, gingerly seating herself in a cozy armchair that occupied the same space John's once had. She leaned back and rubbed her swollen belly distractedly, smiling into the fireplace.
Sherlock, who had often used composition, or simple practice as a way of gathering his thoughts, lost himself in the piece. It was ludicrously sentimental and yet he found it gave voice to the quiet storm that had been brewing inside him. He couldn't
"As I said before, it was a busy night, particularly for labor and delivery. Victor's father was also overseeing the labor of a very young homeless woman, who had repeatedly protested that she would not, could not keep her baby. He went to check on her after speaking with Mr. Clemons and found her very near delivery. He helped her with the final effort, and as soon as the baby was out, he pronounced its breathing was distressed, cut the cord, and rushed it out of the room. He cornered a nurse who had just come out of surgery and demanded assistance.
? The ring looked like a wedding band, and it was on the right finger, but Mary didn't exactly strike him as traditional. He could picture her wearing the ring simply because she liked it and it fit well, regardless of the finger it rested on.
Harry immediately softened, clinging to her brother more tightly. "Of course I'm oaky," she replied, gently rubbing his back when he finally set her feet on the ground once more. She didn't pry, just hummed softly, rocking them both back and forth gently. Whatever the story behind John's unexpected visit, she knew she would hear it once he had his voice back.
With a resigned sigh John reached out and picked up his phone. It was late, but Greg often worked late, and even when he wasn't working he kept his phone close in case a sudden call came in. Sherlock's words from so many years ago rose up, unbidden, as so many memories had before:
"Which is why you can't even remember that her preferred name is Nikki, and not Nichole," Sherlock replied, stepping into Mr. Walker's personal space, as he continued to block the way into his office.
an assistant, but your particular skill set might be useful in the field. Moreover, you could write about the cases you witness on a blog. Make it interesting. Whatever it is that attracts
John let out a slow sigh, nodding silently to himself. He really did believe they deserved to be happy...
"Thank you," she murmured, bright white teeth flashing between her dark red lips. "You are very kind."
Irene shrugged. "Nothing too invasive. In order to maintain control certain large operations will need to be maintained. If you get too close I'll do what needs to be done."
His sister jerked away from him, upsetting her balance and toppled onto her side. "You shouldn't be!" she wailed. "All I've ever done is hurt you. And you
Sherlock saw them approaching by accident. He had been standing close to the window, practicing. Never mind that he knew every piece of Swan Lake by heart, never mind that he had rehearsal later today before tonight's performance; there was solace in the music, at least for him. He'd had to be picker with the cases he selected from Lestrade, and any experiments he tried, while Nikki's arm was healing. For the first time in his life he had a regular schedule he was willingly adhering to, and he intended to keep his word. It was… strange.
John was still hesitant, but Sherlock's joy was infectious. He crept up on the plate as though afraid it would bite him, and cautiously lifted the lid...
Sherlock scribbled the check quickly, finished with a flourish, and made to hand it over to John. John reached for it, mildly surprised to find it was made out to
Note:  The case in the chapter is also based on a Cannon Sherlock case, but you only see half the story in this chapter, the next chapter reveals the rest.  Four points to anyone who can guess correctly with only this chapter posted!
Sherlock stepped forward and settled into his own chair. He didn't think he was slow, but his movements felt fragile.
Setting his violin down, his hands were shaking too much to properly grasp it anymore, Sherlock crossed to the windows, making sure that he was far enough in the shadow of the room that John wouldn't be able to see him if he looked back. Sherlock doubted he would look back, but John Watson had always been the slightest bit difficult for the world's only consulting detective to figure out.
John hummed quietly before gently pulling back. "Impeccable timing, Mycroft," He murmured drily, pressing one more soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. John turned then, hand still linked with Sherlock's and almost jumped in surprise. It was one thing for Mycroft or Sherlock to enter a room soundlessly, but Mycroft had brought the woman from earlier with him. Why was
“Sherlock, what are you doing here?” she asks as she approaches the wire-mesh fence. He looks trim and dapper and horribly misplaced.
“Into the water! You tried to kill me,” he states coldly. The torrent of water is racing, gushing at its maximal speed, sounding like the crush of a waterfall.
Sherlock darts to the sink in the WC, feeling sick. The Diogenes' lavatory, like all of its rooms, is repulsively elegant and dully lit, with granite countertops the colour of envy and beveled obsidian walls. The whole complex reeks of all things evil, from the villainous wallpaper closing in from all sides to the aristocratic stuffiness that's thick enough to choke on. It's all rather befitting of his brother's lair, where untold crimes against humanity have no doubt been conceived.
They're watching the life cycle of the black widow on the nature channel, which involves the little-known practice of sexual cannibalism, wherein the female of the species eats the male following copulation as a sign of undying affection. The female has taken the male and is in the process of tearing off its head. Such betrayal is, naturally, the source of John's horror.
Mary doesn’t know to what ‘painful history’ he’s referring, or why he should choose to say he’s indebted to John. “I don’t understand.”
Sherlock travels to his chair, touching his fingers against the armrest. John sits still, deeply introspective, until eventually he returns Sherlock concern with a difficult admission.
"How?" he asks, his mind frustratingly sluggish. They'd shared the same bottle and he knows she didn't tamper with his glass. Even if she had, he hadn't actually drank anything since she'd arrived-
Its hand clamps around his ankle and tugs so he falls backwards onto his side, elbow digging into the sand. The fall seems to snap him out of whatever trance he was feeling, and his heart begins to pound in panic. He tries to pull himself further up the beach, straining for purchase, but he's pulled downward into the water, the soil spilling through his grasp. Dark water rushes around him, in his ears, his mouth. Underwater, he claws at the ground as he's dragged deeper, but the sand dissolves in his fingers.
"I was hoping I'd never see the day when victims started retaliating," Sherlock says as an afterthought.
"John," he chokes, voice paralleling the grief of his friend, fingers in traction against the back of his shirt. Sherlock presses his forehead against him, nudges, nuzzles, cuddles him, tries anything he can to curb the pain with tenderness and urgency of contact. John clutches his pounding head, the heel of his palm pressing into his eye socket, and sobs uncontrollably, mouth clenched closed, the depths chest reverberating with each choke of pain.
Sherlock doesn't know what she's going on about and his eyebrows furrow petulantly. "If I always ran the other way when someone cried murder how could I possibly do my job? And I don't think you're a rapist, I know."
It’s a beautiful day. The central courtyard at Barts is vibrant at lunch hour, the fountain sparkling in the center under a canopy of bright green European beech trees, nurses, administrators, and doctors passing by.
“You’ll have to forgive me,” he digresses, rising from his chair, “if the popularized excuse for acting stupid called love is not a notion I subscribe to. There is, after all, a reason why he calls me a
John, Sherlock, and Mary are seated in the head administrators office.They all seem particularly interested in the unremarkable, ashen grey walls of the room. John stares ahead to one portion of the wall, spine ram-rod straight, rubbing the digits of his left hand together. He turns his gaze over to the other wall with a playful tilt of the head and discovers, yes, he does like eggshell white as a wall paint color.
He grabs his blazer, which is still wet from their previous encounter, and marches back out into the mounting winter storm.
"Chopin and maggots don't really go well together," John says, cracking a pained smile. It's not exactly a mystery, why Sally thinks he's a total freak honestly. Sherlock's smirk breaks a number of laws, rules, and regulations regarding proper conduct and common decency. Looking at that smile, John thinks that he might actually be the devil.
Sherlock is completely behaved and contained, and sends John a quick, broken look, asking him to stop, but John isn’t finished with him yet. Sherlock has indulged in petty torture, resorted to much baser tactics of punishment, one too many times for the doctor to let this one slide. Now John has it in for him.
"John, she's getting away-" he hisses in annoyance but John's grip only tightens on his wrists, locking him in against the wall. John looks at him meaningfully. For the life of him, Sherlock can't understand why John is looking at him that way, earnest and pleading.
Mycroft stands and John looks up at him, startled. "It pains me to see this too," he says pensively, tobacco smoke winding in the air, "I should have never gotten him involved with her." There's clearly some remorse in his voice as Mycroft lowers his cigarette and rubs it out in the ashtray.
“I swear! It’s in every fairytale known to date- don’t you read?” Mary asks, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. He switches over to news when the reports run dry, re-immersing himself in the mobile version of The Standard aka the ongoings of the stupid people.
"I don't know what else to teach you," John looks up and sees that Sherlock is looking down at him with those “only-for-John” eyes he doesn’t realise he’s doing. John can only hope he’s not doing the same back, but in vain.
Sherlock frowns under his unrelenting stare, possibly reading his thoughts. John wants to tell him something but he hasn't any idea what he means to say. Don't go on a date with her? How about we do a mold experiment instead or stare at ashes under a microscope? And while you're at it, how about you swear off women entirely and go back to your asexual ways where you whittle away the hours plucking strings on your violin or destroying power lines with hydrochloric acid?
"Sherlock-" John starts, his voice wavering uncertainly. He knows he has tread cautiously but he can’t even seem to find the words.
“Tell me you at least got the autopsy report from yesterday,” Sherlock asks, trying to salvage the situation.
He’d mistaken him for some kind of monster. John hadn't even known he was and had been the man he lionized, written about, and loved. Because John treated him like he was disposable and left him in the line of fire he died, naturally, like any other murder victim or mortally wounded soldier John had encountered. He'd managed a few death-defying schemes but Sherlock wasn't bullet proof. The reality of Sherlock's mortality sinks in, like the chill of a cold shower
He breaks the surface for a split second, and in that second it occurs to him, to his imminent horror, that the creature, the monster, is playing with him. It's a game of Tug of War.
Mary and Sherlock nod enthusiastically, and John is a bit puzzled by the overt display of obedience. He looks between them, his suspicions roused. Are they usually this quiet?
It takes him a moment to piece it together. What she meant by predictable, by too attached to things, by his driving in front of automobiles. She meant that John is the dog. That this time, the car didn't miss.
It's strange, John feels like that sounds rather affectionate, but his smile falls and he looks away. It's all very unrealistic. He knows what that means. Fool me once, fool me twice.
"Something happened during the case. I wasn't there. I--” John bites down hard, he veils his eyes with a hand and tries to breathe. I
What the hell was he doing? The threat of violence achieved nothing other than to confirm that he is all the things he's accused of being.
Again, with the silence, spanning out indefinitely to no foreseeable end. He hates being left in the dark. It's agonizing to be left to his own devices, knowing nothing, and conjuring up the worst possible scenarios. His nails dig into the wood of the table. "
"why do we live together in a flat? Why do we eat dinner together? And lunch? And breakfast? Why does he help me with my homework and tie my laces and brush my hair? Why do I sleep in his bed when I have nightmares if he’s
“I am not obsessed with John Watson,” he replies like its laughable, although the fact that it does sound a lot like denial gives him pause, “at least I hope not.” (that would be unhealthy)
“Explain yourself!” Sherlock demands, John looks at him like he’s speaking Cantonese. Explain why he overused the Listerine? Sherlock’s the one monitoring how many millilitres of Listerine he uses. Is
Her saying that was certainly an effective way to cut those lofty ideals down to size. But what did she mean, in saying that?
“Heaven without you wouldn’t be heaven,” John beams, reaching for him, “would it?” Sherlock snatches his hand, keeping it locked almost forcefully. His face is dangerous. Temper, temper.
He hadn't been able to finish because Molly had turned around and slapped him across the face. Not the petty kind of slap you use to bring someone to their senses or make them apologize. It'd been laced with actual vitriol, a direct affront that she'd done without even thinking, swift as a reflex. She slapped him because she literally couldn't stand the sight of him.
Panting from exhaustion, his bandages torn and lying around here and there, eventually Sherlock stops trying twist his way out of John's hold, which is an impossible feat anyway. John can feel him shudder at the sensation of John's nose against his hair, frightened stiff. John's hand slides down Sherlock's sleeve in a fond, gentle caress to reassure him, but the gesture elicits a jolt instead, just a touch of the fingers on fabric enough to make him nearly jump out of his own skin, apparently. Did John really terrify him so much?
Mary goes wide-eyed and checks her pocket, pulls out the elusive booklet. She flips it around. “Oh. Well, shit.”
He sees a dorsal fin flash in his peripheral vision and veer towards him, intoxicated by the iron-rich scent, followed by another fin, and then another, and then three more. He feels cold, clammy, wanting for breath. His vision goes dark and the last thing he feels is the screaming ligamennts of his shoulder.
He's heart broken! John thinks this is about the time he should start laughing, but it's something in those eternally serious eyes, that commands him not to. He knows him. He recognizes him, that severe unrelenting stare.
John literally just stands there, unable to think of anything to say. The steely, cold look in her eyes paralyzes him. It occurs to him how wrong it was to blame her for everything he did, when Sherlock's death was enough to handle as it is.
“We can't just pretend it didn't happen-“ he's trying to be as gentle and coaxing as possible, when really he just wants to pull him out the front door straight to the highest tier of government where there is no chance of the case getting “mishandled”.
"She wasn't trying to kill him- that was just a side effect. What she wanted was to make him suffer."
“Oh my god. This explains so much. I’m so sorry for pissing on you for being gay. I didn’t know your dad was a faggot,” Nigel laughs, and oh boy does that elicit a dark look from Mary.
"God, I hope you don't go around telling the press that. He's not at large, he's dead. Evidence confirmed it was Sorace this morning." Taking the page Sherlock has handed him, Lestrade squints at what appears to be a bunch of squiggly lines in a square and doesn't know what to make of it. It's too early in the morning for Sherlock's antics. "What is this?" he asks flat-out. When Sherlock starts explaining, it goes a little over his head, so he pulls Anderson in to translate.
Since he can’t push the red button, he tries moving his finger over the green button, and it obeys. He stands there, paused on the elevated perimeter of the rooftop, listening to the good morning ringtone neither he nor his sister ever bothered to change.
But John is much too distracted by something else to be particularly concerned with Sherlock’s metaphorical little trip-up. While everyone else carries on naturally, John is, in effect, swept sideways by the phenomenon of the two of them dancing. He's completely floored by what he’s seeing namely because he’s seen it before. John can remember so vividly the same steps being taught to him for his wedding that sometimes he sees Sherlock dancing with Mary and other times he sees Sherlock dancing with himself, at their flat, behind closed doors and drawn curtains.
Sherlock looks at her with a set of struggling, green eyes, like he’s making a huge sacrifice in what he’s about to say, but his eyes wander toward the passage doorway on their right and he stops short.
John sipped his tea and idly wondered how difficult it would be to obtain a urinalysis from Sherlock. Doing so without his knowledge was out of the question, even if he was secretive about it. Still, it might be worth risking Sherlock's wrath for the peace of mind clean results would bring. The ex-army doctor took another sip of tea, as he watched his flatmate transverse the floor once more. Every time he thought he had made the slightest bit of progress in understanding the world's one consulting detective, Sherlock would do something unexpected and make John question everything. Well, almost everything. There was no doubting at this juncture that Sherlock Holmes was an arrogant arse. But…was there more to him?
The address Lestrade had given him turned out to be a large, elegant town house, close enough to the heart of the city to be convenient for any travel within the city, but in a neighborhood that did its best to make anyone forced to work for a living feel uneasy. Every building on the street held elegant architecture and foreboding gates.
Sherlock's gaze swept the hallway as he entered it. Finding it clear, he shoved the key into the lock on John's door and turned it. The door opened and he slid inside, pulling it shut behind him.
The ex-army doctor rose and crossed back to the light switch, turning off the light. He'd always been able to see well in the dark, a task that had served him well in his career. Harry was even better, she could find a small black object in a dark room without even trying...when she was sober.
The homeless man beside him grunted in acknowledgement. His arms were crossed under his armpits for warmth, and his head was leaned back so that his face pointed up to the cloud covered night sky. "Started slow, but I figure it's picken up pace now." The man leaned over his shoulder, away from Sherlock, and spat onto the ground. "More an' more people are helpin' watch the pressure."
A cruel smile spread open over the fingers Sherlock still held steepled, close to his face. "Simple. She is going to show us where they are."
"Well, at first he was normal. Well, more irritating than normal, but normal. That didn't last long, though." Greg's gaze grew thoughtful and distant as he remembered. "He worked one case for me without you there, suspected wrongful death or even murder. That was when I sent you those first texts. He ended up uncovering this near financial disaster, and I thought he was in a mood because it turned out not to be a murder, but then he wouldn't respond to any of my calls."
James smiled and glanced down at his phone when it buzzed. "Thank you." He frowned then, glancing at an ugly bruise on John's wrist, and leaned forward to rest his own fingers lightly on top of it. "What happened here?"
John almost flinched at the memory. His efforts had been an abysmal failure, apparently. It was true he stared too long sometimes, that he had wondered… That was natural for someone in love though, and it had gone on so long that John had been utterly blindsided by Sherlock's abrupt dismissal.
At length John finally managed to pull back enough to place a few embarrassing kisses on her forehead. "Johnny!" She protested, squirming and giggling in his arms. "Stop that. Really, what brought you here in such a panic?"
"It's in the center of the financial district," Sherlock replied, tapping on his phone as he ran. "Someone from Mycroft's team is going to meet us there with independent air supplies.
But John was gone now. It was better this way. Sherlock had gotten to used to his presence if the rent, the tea, and the state of the floor were anything to go by. He didn't need John's reminders to be polite, or his tea, his gun, his help, none of it. It was better this way...
"It's not like you to be tardy taking witness statements Detective Inspector," Sherlock noted, looking superior. "What kept you?"
It would have seemed alarmingly easy to John. Sherlock had discussed with the good doctor once how much escapes the notice of everyday people who are trained, almost by default, not to notice anything outside themselves in the name of polite society, a trait not helped by the increased focus of tablets, cell phones, and social media. Sherlock recognized he also focused heavily on his cell phone at times, but at least he did something
Sherlock glowered and rose from his chair with a huff. "You're a tyrant," he sulked, pulling on his long Belstaff.
Special thanks also goes this time to Charlie, who did not ship Johnlock, but who was always a general fan of smutty stories.
Sherlock had never wanted the usual story, and while some things were as expected, John as usual, was anything but ordinary.
Seconds later the mess on the floor was forgotten as Sherlock scrolled through is blog website looking for cases...
the surgery, but splitting ones time between multiple positions could be tricky, and as much as he needed to stay busy, he needed some stability in his life. With resignation and some small amount of trepidation, John had updated his resume, and begun searching for open positions.
Sara nodded, changed course, and stepped into the provider's office. "How can I help you?" She asked, sitting on a chair beside him.
James looked thoughtful for a moment before he replied. "I've always really liked puzzles and mysteries. Medicine seemed to be a field where I could practice that interest and help people at the same time."
"I never said that I didn't," Sherlock retorted, slinking out from underneath the window so that he could stand.
It was Sherlock's turn to roll his eyes, but he accepted John's hand in his. John flinched when they came into contact.
John glanced back at him for a moment, nodded slowly, and shifted so his gun rested in his jacket pocket. It was still technically "away" but well within reach if needed. "I'm going with him," John ordered.
"Yes I did; you smiled." Setting the paper down on the table, John went to stand behind her, looking at the screen of his laptop over her shoulder. "Did you find a good one?"
"Fuck!" The sound of something shattering on the wall brought John out from the kitchen. He'd just been washing up from dinner, not that he'd convinced Sherlock to have any, and he still had the dishtowel in his hands.
"Hey," he breathed, smiling up at Marcus. The other man was already immaculately dressed and groomed, his hair slightly damp. He had showered and was ready to face the day. He was sitting on the bed just beside John.
Normally John would have protested. He knew his own limits, thank you very much. Eric was good to remind him though, not all doctors knew when to take a break. Maybe a few days off would be good for him. He
Eric shrugged. "It makes a big difference when there are good physicians organizing the efforts of the interns."
"Right, whatever case you started working at the Royal Opera House. How's that going? All wrapped up or was that one a flop too?"
"Because, however improbably, he has risen above the dregs of intellect that work for him," Sherlock replied with a smirk.
Greg nodded. "Mycroft had one implanted during one of Sherlock's overdoses, just under the skin, like you do with pets."
Thank you to everyone who left such wonderful comments! It really makes my day to hear back from my readers!  Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John rolled onto his side, and his eyes flickered up to his phone, currently resting on the small cabinet beside his bed. He thought of all the people that he'd been ignoring. Other than Mary he hadn't spoken to anyone outside of his work in weeks… It really was time to fix that.
The set of John's eyes told Sherlock that John had a headache, and his long fingers twitched with the suppressed desire to reach out and sooth. He almost started when small pale fingers
"Well I seem to remember an Irish proverb that there are few things a stiff drink, a good laugh, and a long sleep can't help. Of course some people take the drinking thing a tad too far."
"Fine," Sherlock grumbled, beginning to regret his earlier bravado. He broke from John's hold, strode over, and sat down on the bed, glaring at the floor. He felt John walk around the bed, and flinched when the mattress shifted with John's weight. He'd just opened his mouth to suggest they cut their losses when John's fingers reached around and gently tilted his head back. Sherlock's neck lengthened, the skin drawing taunt as his head pressed back against John's chest. John was kneeling up on the bed, making him taller than Sherlock from this angle since most of Sherlock's height came from his legs.
"Do you think the first crime was a crime of passion, or planned?" John asked, struggling to keep his focus.
John closed his eyes and surrendered to the inevitable. He didn't spend a significant amount of time each day thinking about Sherlock, but the simple fact that Sherlock was still on his mind every single day, galled him. John knew he hadn't deceived himself in his feelings for Sherlock, and that they would be slow to fade no matter how much he longed for the day when he could barely remember Sherlock's name.
