his thoughts asked him cruelly. They were never really on the same side. Just working the same angle to get the job done. That's how it started, and that's how it should have finished. But no, it was like he was a child again, listening to his father yell into his ear -
He turned his focus back towards Wilson. “Listen, there’s something else going on here. Let me talk to Steve and –
Steve shot a hand out and gripped at Tony’s arm on impulse, a silent plea for the man to keep his mouth shut. Tony yanked away but obliged, watching Steve with careful eyes, ready to jump in at a moment’s notice.
“Go!” Steve shouted at his friend. “Get out of here!”
Now Steve and Bucky were both in pretty good shape, but Thor basically had a body of a god. After making a quick distraction, Steve forced Bucky out with whatever he could carry while he tried to fend off Thor. The fight that ensued was probably one of the worst one Steve had been in, both of the men almost killing each other several times.
To: Sam Wilson
Bruce was frozen in place, eyes growing impossibly wide staring at the girl clinging to him.
Steve rolled his eyes. “You do realize that Indiana and Illinois are right next to each other.”
Bucky stared at him from across the room, eyes challenging. The gaze flicked over to Clint before returning to him.
And that was all he needed to know.
Contact me at:
Steve answered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I like your grays,” Steve said softly.
The doors slid open smoothly, Steve debarking with Bucky as they headed for the frosted glass of Ms. Pott’s office. Steve walked up to the door and knocked, listening for a response. When he didn’t get one, he looked at Bucky, who rolled his eyes in return before barreling past him and into the office.
“Who is he? This guy you let get away?”
a voice whispered in Tony’s head.
Steve leaned his head against the inside of the door to their house. The last thing he needed was to tell Tony that they needed to move again because people were getting suspicious.
“This road trip is as much for us, as it is for you,” Tony interrupted. “We just want to make sure all our ducks are accounted for, that’s all.”
“And why am I giving you my left shoe?”
“Hey, look, the robot got me first,” the robber intervened, but Iron Man quickly silenced him with another repulsor blast without taking his gaze from Steve’s. “Well, we could share, you know.” By now, Steve was eyelevel with Iron Man, the blonde able to feel the comforting warmth given off by the powerful suit.
“I should have been there.”
“Steve.”
Loki looked up, finally looking up at him with mild disinterest. “Guns won’t help you here. Now then. Let’s get down to it, shall we? I haven’t got all day.”
Tony’s fingers tightened around his mug but made no other reaction. He didn’t think he could muster up anything else. The time for anger, for tears, for desperation, had already long passed. Any and every possible scenario he could picture Steve in had already played out in his mind.
“What happened in the workshop earlier today?”
“And then some guy leaned out of a van and shot me.”
The Monger knew that The Captain was always careful, destroying phones, and checking for trackers. It was part of the reason no one had been able to catch him.
“Tony,” he breathed. The engineer just sighed, flopping back against his chair, refusing to respond. “What are you doing here?”
“Then we’ll deal with it. We can protect you.”
He could see the uncertainty looming in Steve’s eyes. The tiny fear that his love was finally being rejected. But Tony just smiled, moving his hand far enough to kiss the fear away. When he leaned back, he stared into Steve’s endless eyes.
Somehow knowing that he was now another puppet on Stark's strings had the blonde shuddering. The man was already dangerous, but after today, Steve could consider him as lethal.
“Um,” said Bucky, starching the back of his head. “It was, well, I don’t really know, to be honest.” He paused. “Why?”
This time, Tony’s eyes actually cracked open, revealing hazy brown eyes. It was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen. Tony’s eyes dragged slowly around the room, finding something to latch on to. Once they made contact with Steve’s red-rimmed ones, Tony’s eyes drew into focus.
He charged across the lawn, smirking when he saw that Tony had left the door open for him.
“Okay,” Tony agreed, pressing a final kiss against Steve’s mouth. “Stay safe.”
"I'm sure you're aware, Captain, that a bounty has been put on Mr. Stark. But not for his weapons, not this time. It was because of you, Captain. You see, new word on the street says that you're not enemies, but the closest of friends. Now, I'm going to ask you again. What is your name?"
“He’s going to meet with Loki today.”
“You can watch baseball whenever,” chided Natasha. “This was good for you; I was worried you were getting out of shape.”
“You work for Hammer. Hammer works for HYDRA. Do the math, it’s not that hard.”
The long silence’s that Barnes provided were comforting to a point, but Tony was almost manic, desperate for conversation. Anything to keep his mind off the speakeasy. Anything to distract him from the thought of Steve calling Clint into his office, sitting him down and letting him know that they’d failed him again.
“Well I think,” Iron Man started, before blasting in the air and around Steve quickly, the suit’s front pushing up against Steve’s back, “you need to be more adaptable.” Steve shuddered as he felt the helmet brush up against his ear, a gauntleted hand tracing down his hip.
Thor, being as powerful as he was, had access to many locations across the entire city. It would take Clint weeks to check them all. And that was time that Clint didn’t have. But, having to deal with a delirious Steve drastically changed the options. Thor would have had no choice but to choose the closest location to get Steve somewhere safe.
Steve saw worth, saw what counted. He didn’t ask about their past, just like they didn’t ask about his. They just
Pierce sighed. “Stane came in after lunch.”
“Like you better, how? Alive? Then yes, Bucky and I do like you better- ”
Clint just stared back. Natasha huffed, stomping forward, easily dodging the man’s hands to reach behind him and grab his gun.
“That you get to make the cross-country road trip?” Natasha asked. “No offense, Steve, but I don’t envy you. Sure, I want to see everyone, but I don’t think I could spend that long locked in a car with Tony.”
“So, what are you asking me to do?”
“I know you have contacts with some of the other mobs in the city. If HYDRA is hiding out with one of them, you can find out and- ”
“The cowl, the cowl!” Sam’s hands shot out and pulled the cowl away from Steve’s head, the blonde trying to get a handle on his now ruined hair. Shooting Sam a final thumbs up, Steve took a deep breath before pushing open the sanctuary’s doors, stopping when all heads turned to look at him.
“Maybe not to me, but he definitely will to Steve,” Barnes smiled.
“And Buck?” Steve took one last look at the injured man lying in the bed before glancing up to meet his friend’s gaze. “You can catch as many as you like. Just know that I only need
“Okay, okay,” Steve agreed. “Not now.”
Maybe that was him. Was he screaming?
“Steve.
Phil scoffed. “I can’t imagine what you could possibly want from me.”
It was supposed to be a simple mission. A standard PJ rescue op, something they’d run thousands of times before. Go in, secure the target, go home.
Clint couldn’t be Iron Man.
he whispered. “Oh, Tony. Tony, tell me he’s not- ”
Chairs scraped along the wood floor in answer, everyone scrambling to find answers. Bucky’s arm reached up and grabbed Clint before he took up the stairs with the others. “Yeah?”
Bucky stared down at his phone, still leaning against Steve’s door. Who knew how long he'd been since trying to reason with his friend. Although Steve had promised to get some sleep, Bucky found himself perched on guard in front of his door, protecting Steve from any threats. Protecting Steve from himself. He was halfway through a response to Stark when his phone chimed again.
-------------------------
“Hello?” Even he could hear his own irritation.
“I can ID him,” Tony whispered. If anyone heard how his voice broke, no one mentioned it.
“Oh my God, is that the thing keeping you alive?” Pepper’s tone had Tony wincing. Right, Pepper hadn’t really been exposed to the concept of the arc reactor much. Asking for her help with this was starting to seem like a bad idea.
The man nodded his head. “Yeah. Not like it was hard; Stark left the information floating around for basically anyone to find it.”
But Bucky wasn’t.
Just some adjustments here, some info there. I never sell full sets of Stark weapons to these people. I mean, they’re
Steve burst out laughing, leaning down to press his head into Bucky’s side. The shaking from Steve’s shoulders seemed to rock the whole bed, the quaking increase as time went on. It was then when Bucky realized that Steve was crying, not laughing.
“Yes,” Tony answered, question not even asked. “Yes,” he repeated, grasping at Steve’s face. “Yes, Steve, please- ”
“What?” she asked.
“Clint, I- ” Steve broke off. “Clint, I’m not really even sure how to tell you this.”
“Yes,” Steve agreed. “And I did.”
“Tony?”
“No, I checked already. Listen, you need to start a sweep. He’s injured; I’m not sure how bad.”
Tony huffed, twisting both men around to look at the building behind them. “Yes, and no. This is the surprise!”
Steve felt heat and light encompass him quickly, sending him flying back into the air. He felt his body tumble around the asphalt, until his head collided with the solid ground, knocking him out. He must have only been out momentarily, because soon Steve was waking with a gasp, fire and smoke dancing around him.
“Not now, Bucky.” Steve held out a hand to stop his complaints, rubbing at his temple. Clint frowned at Steve’s appearance. It had been a rough month on everyone, Steve especially.
she signed.
Tony bit his lip, playing idly with their joined fingers. “If you could back in time, but still know everything you knew now, would you do it?”
Happy grumbled, but let Steve pass, still putting an arm out to stop Bucky. Ignoring the protests from his friend, Steve pushed backstage, filtering through the crowd of scantily-clad women. Until he saw her.
Tony nodded, throwing himself into Steve’s arms. Steve nosed at the edge of Tony’s hair, focusing on the heat beneath his skin. How many times had Steve felt the same thing, preening because he thought it meant that Tony was healthy? That Tony wasn’t sick and dying in the basement in the tower. Turns out he had a right to have been worried – not because Tony was sick, but that he was too healthy.
come find me. Right?” Tony gazed up at him wide sorrowful eyes.
“I know.”
“Don’t, Obie. Not now.” Tony went back and downed the rest of his drink. “We’ll deal with this later,” he said, clearly issuing a dismissal to Stane and Pepper.
"You okay?"
Silence encased the group, unknowing what to say, before Steve spun on his heels, eyes ablaze as he glared at Clint. “You said this was good information,” he hissed, stabbing a finger onto Clint’s chest.
Clint cursed. If Hammer’s men were here, that could only mean that Steve had already started his grieving process. Clint could only hope that he hadn’t killed them all yet.
It was said quietly. Almost as if Tony hadn’t really meant to say it aloud, but it was more than enough for Steve to feel a familiar pang in his chest. How many mornings had Tony sat in this bed, looking out the window, waiting for Steve to come? Not knowing whether he was coming, or if he was even
But Tony
But it was the least Tony could do. Tony wasn’t a superhero. If anything, he still saw himself as the villain. This was his penance for all the blood that was on his hands. All the people that were dead because of him and his weapons.
not eye,” he said, pointing at a sign. Steve followed Tony’s finger, catching a glimpse at a sign for the upcoming town.
Finally, Steve bent down, kissing Tony lightly on the lips. “Ready?”
That wasn’t right. Howard was dead. But he was dead, right? But Steve? God, Steve can’t be dead. Was Steve in the fire?
Pride swelled in Steve’s chest. Tony was right; they were the only ones qualified to handle this. There was no other choice. “Tony’s right. Pierce doesn’t change anything. I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m not leaving until the remainder of HYDRA is buried alongside the rest of them.”
“Well,” Steve continued. “Then you can spend the rest of your miserable life in here with me as I carve you into nothing. I don’t know about you, but I’m really hoping you choose the latter.”
He placed his hands over the metal and closed his eyes.
“What are you thinking about?”
Steve huffed, ignoring him. “We have to talk about these attacks,” he said, sliding in to one of the chairs.
“It’s been a while since we’ve had a good bombing, don’t you think?”
“But-but I saw him die! There was a remote, and-and The Suit was there! I didn’t kill him in time. I killed Tony. It was my fault.” Clint broke off into sobs, caught in the dark memory.
Steve nodded to Natasha. “Wake him up.”
“Overwhelmed?” Steve finished, smiling softly.
Steve rolled his eyes.
Zola shrugged.
He could be safe again. Away from the lies.
Tony heard Barnes struggling to take off his shoes, so he spun back around to the other man, trying to stop him. “Barnes, you’ve got one arm! How are you going to drag him back up? Stay here; I’ll go.”
“Cap?”
knew so much? Oh, you didn’t trust him, did you? But you did! And you told him the location of the files, just in case your crew needed to catch up. Trying to cover all of our bases, were we? Well, guess what? He told me too.”
He took his phone out of his pocket. Picking his shield back up, Steve smashed the tech into the ground. Looking around, Steve took off for his apartment.
“When did I become the bully?”
Dealing with crazed fans was hard enough as it is, but Steve couldn’t let this get in his way. Not today.
“Let’s go,” he said, cutting Hill off.
“Grumpy does have a point,” said Stark, looking back over at Steve.
“What is it?” came Steve’s breathless reply as he rushed into the room.
Tony, I-I- ”
Tony’s tracker.
“I’m not nearly finished.”
Clint was getting antsy. It had been over a month and he had made no progress. This was not a good sign. The other eight are still out there, just waiting for their moment to pounce on the Avengers. Clint needed to find some answers before another one acts.
“Oh, I’m coming with,” Tony said, placing his mug on the counter. “I’m sure I’ll find a way to keep myself entertained,” he added, stripping off his pants while heading towards the patio door.
Which left only one option.
It was ingenious.
didn’t need saving. I was doing perfectly fine thank you very much!”
Stane grunted, but didn’t reply.
Frowning, Tony stepped closer to the man. “What the hell are you doing here?” Barnes still didn’t answer, his punches seemingly getting harder at Tony’s inquiry. Tony walked around and grabbed the back of the sandbag to cease its swinging, staring at the other brunette.  “Shouldn’t you be, oh. I don’t know, on a murder spree right now?” Tony pushed more. That finally broke a grunt from Barnes, the man missing the bag and aiming straight for Tony.
Natasha thought, thinking about the remaining eight of them sat around the garish table in Tony’s (their) speakeasy. They had kept fighting for their family, for the life they’d made together. Seems as if she wasn’t the only one that was ready to say goodbye to what they’d had.
“Where else could it possibly have come from?”
“I left you a note,” Tony replied, as calmly as ever.
“Me too,” the blonde admitted.
There was something about watching Tony sleep that always struck a fire inside him. Letting Steve see him at his most vulnerable without thinking twice, trusting that Steve would always have his back.
Clint’s hand twitched on his gun. He glared over at Sam. “Really? I didn’t notice,” he hissed.
Tony rubbed at his temple. “No. I’m trying- it’s just, there’s nothing! I’ll keep digging, but I think we’re going to need to step out of our comfort zones.”
Steve threw a guy into the bar. Some mob man. It didn’t matter.
Tony shrugged. “Last time I checked, Barnes was the one who jumped in after him.”
“All of the locations of the file drops are still at the speakeasy. They haven’t been tampered with, and no one outside of us had access to them, and yet somehow,” he trailed off, gesturing to the empty room in front of them.
Bucky frowned. “There was security footage of when you and Tony were taken in front of the restaurant. Yinsen saw the whole thing. Our kidnappers saw him and were not too keen; they threw him in the van with you two. He wasn’t at the warehouse?”
“And besides,” Barnes shrugged. “I’ve had a rough day. Dealing with those assclowns downstairs really took a lot out of me. I needed the pick me up.”
Pierce leaned back in his chair. Loki was a loose cannon; there was no way that he could possibly trust the man. On the other hand, Loki could be the step to get him back out in the game. Now that the lead with Coulson is gone, HYDRA was stagnant. Rogers and his crew were hanging on by a thread. He couldn’t afford to put their demise off any longer.
“Well, we were headed to Disney World, but we decided to take the scenic route.” Tony shrugged.
After hanging up with Sam, Steve immediately tried to reach Tony. He wasn’t surprised when he got his voice mail, but Steve decided to leave a message.
“You’ll see,” he responded, his metal hand scratching at the shadow of a beard that threatened to form. It drew a slight smile to Steve’s lips. Although Bucky had been wary at first, he was so at ease with his arm now. Besides an intermittent barb from Clint here and there, no one treated Buck any different.
“Well, no… not really,” Sitwell mumbled.
Steve looked around. He had survived. He pulled out his watch, opening it to look at a picture of his wife. He stroked the picture gently, and then looked back up at the time machine.
Steve couldn’t help the shudder that ran through his body. Olivia put a hand on his shoulder. “Let me finish.”
To be honest, he was shit at whittling. He liked the idea of the art form and foolishly assumed that as an amateur artist, he was a master at using all medias. He was horrendously wrong. Dugan has showed him – God rest his soul – after Steve saw him doing it one day. He’d learned from his father, who’d learned from his father, and so on, as a way to pass the time on the farm. Dugan always held the knife so steady, carving in even the smallest of intricacies. He was a good teacher, but Steve was a hopeless student. He remembered the first thing he’d made, giving it to Dugan.
He sighed, feeling his body going limp. The tension was gone, the ice retreating from his veins. He drifted, finally floating instead of sinking. He wasn’t cold.
Now, meeting Pepper for the first time, seeing her place a comforting hand on Tony's arm, he could see how Tony knew right away that she was something special. She wore a comforting smile, but her eyes remained sharp, like a mother bear, fully prepared for any threat against her cub. Tony was lucky to have her. Such a strong woman; so caring and loyal but fierce all at the same time. She was just like-
“Could be another member of Brimstone. There is probably CCTV footage from outside; maybe we can catch the two of them.”
Tony glared at the man, stomping past him to leave the kitchen.
“Don’t worry, Cap. We’ll find him.”
"You don't understand, I need to see Mr. Stark! Get out of my way!" Tony stumbled immediately, tearing off in a run.
Tony bit his lip. “And do you?”
Sitting next to him was a lanky teenager in what was no doubt a hand sown outfit. The stiches were sloppy as the shirt formed what Steve assumed was a mockup of his own stars and stripes. The kid shot him a toothy grin, his fiery hair more red than orange, pairing with his ice blue eyes. “It’s me, Patriot!” the boy shouted proudly. “The boy wonder and Captain America’s sidekick!”
Steve shook his head. Tony was fine, he knew that for sure. JARVIS confirmed for him that morning.
Steve couldn’t muster up an answer.
Steve’s brain worked sluggishly, trying to piece together what hill was saying. “No, I did it. I think I would have noticed if I didn’t place it in time,” he hissed. “It wasn’t like I- ”
Steve laughed bitterly. “I should ask you the same thing. What glass are you on now?”
Steve sighed in relief when they found the missing agents, all alive, with minimal scraps and bruising. The offices they were in had shielded them from the brunt force of the explosion.
He had just placed his phone back down when it started to ring again. The same number. Steve looked at the number,
“You too,” Tony smiled against plush lips. “Now hop too, soldier. Stick it in me.”
Speaking of whom.
Tony’s eyes widened slightly, not missing the way Coulson’s lip twitched in a small smile as he saw that Tony realized where he’d heard that before.
Rhodes sighed. “You’re right. That bastard’s too stubborn to die.” When Steve didn’t respond, the man continued. “We’ve got quite a mess to deal with here,” he said, gesturing to the so called crew in front of them.
Bucky could only hope that Hill and her men were still clear of the building when the grenades went off. No way they escape prison if they’re dead. Bucky looked back at the flames, the last of the SSR burning within them.
“Trust? No. Deal with? Yes. Besides we don’t really have a choice now. He’s our only lead to getting any information about HYDRA.”
“It makes sense,” said Natasha. “The constant attacks, the endless amount of hired guns. Something must have happened if every mob is coming after us. We must have something they want.”
While Tony had definitely gotten better at balancing SI, the Avengers, and home life, sometimes there just weren’t enough hours in the day. Pepper was constantly hounding him and the R&D department for ‘the next big thing’. He would never regret walking away from making weapons, but because of it, Tony was always trying to impress and maintain the investors he had left. SHIELD, of course, was relentless; Fury and his goons continuously on the prowl for new tech. Clint went through arrows like crazy, Natasha could always use more charge in her Widow Bites, and the armor could regularly stand to be better. Tony had learned he couldn’t afford to ever leave his armor functioning less than one hundred percent. He never knew when the world would need saving; he never knew when he would need to protect his family. And speaking of family, Steve may or may not have convinced Tony that adopting a baby was a sane thing to do. While Peter was the absolute light of his life, even he still needed some Tony time.
Rogers glared at Steve. “Give her up?” he grit through his teeth.
came another response, sounding defeated.
Steve had initially rolled his eyes, claiming that the man was just lazy, but now he wasn't so sure. In between their recent quarrels with HYDRA, Steve found himself repeatedly ending up in the lab - the room quickly becoming his favorite in their new home. It had started as him staying there as a support for Bucky, but Steve stayed for the pure enjoyment of watching the man work.
“Before you showed up, he said that it ‘was the end of the line for me.’ I used to say that to Bucky all the time. But I only told that to him. No one else knows about that.”
“What the hell?” he heard Sam say.
Tony scoffed. “I’m sure you’ll be able to entertain yourselves.” And with that, Tony entered the elevator, pushing the button to close the doors.
Lucky barked, as if in greeting, and Steve let out an excitable noise of his own, fawning over him. “Awh, such a smart dog, yes, you are!”
No point dwelling on it. All he could do now is count the minutes until Tony returned. As much as it would hurt him, they needed to finish their conversation about Fury. A throat clearing caught his attention.
Tony snickered, making obscene kissing noises in order to hear Clint groan again. “Glad you enjoyed the show, Frosty,” Tony winked at Bucky. “Now, let’s put a pin in this, and save it for later, yeah? For Clint’s sake, if anything.”
Steve knew the real Tony Stark. And Tony Stark was a hero.
If they wanted something done, they did it. There was no half-assing, there was no convoluted bullshit or maybes. Steve was a straight forward guy and his mission was always clear cut. But it was always ever changing. Eradicating HYDRA and keeping Brooklyn in line was their main goal, but Steve never pushed any idea off to the side. If Sam brought him a dirty cop, if Clint showed up with whispers of domestic abuse, hell, if Natasha mentioned a grocery store clerk rubbed her the wrong way, Steve would drop everything and take care of it.
It was all too easy to call Rumlow in for some “routine inspection” on his fake tooth. Take the tooth off, inspect and replace the cyanide. But, instead of giving him back the old one, Pierce gave Rumlow The Mongers version. Same fake tooth, same cyanide, but with a small addition. A small transmitter, a bug, easily hidden within the poison.
“Someone broke into their house, Mr. Pierce,” Steve replied evenly, trying to calm the man down. “Their policy clearly covers- ”
Flames spilled out of the windows and through the roof, dancing in the night sky, but Steve paid it no mind as he charged straight through the front door. Thick smoke clouded him and he heard Sam cough faintly behind him.
Who was it this time? Another delivery man confused by the lack of apartment markings, or another group of Jehovah’s Witnesses’ hoping for a conversion?
“Goddammit, Clint!”
“Two visitors in one day? Fury drawled. “It must be my lucky day.”
Steve thought to himself.
was something to make him wary. Steve wasn’t sure how long it took him to acquire this special skill, but he was always able to tell what kind of mood Bucky was in based on how he said his name. Years of companionship had given Steve ample instances to here it every which way. Whether it was carried with a certain lightness as Bucky grasped at his sides as he laughed at Steve’s joke, or weighed down with anger, as the brunette pulled Steve out of another side street gutter to take him home and get him patched up. Or when it was engulfed by terrified desperation, the broken cry sounding over a crackling radio as bombs blew up around them.
Now that Steve was getting healthier, Tony started to notice how perfect he was. He was a monster of a man, with huge, tight muscles that could make anyone swoon. His sun kissed hair flowed easily in the breeze, and he had eyes that could rival the clearest ocean. But Steve’s smile? It was so bright and easy, Tony swore he hears angels sing.
Also, yes, I absolutely used the MCU actor names as their witness protection identities. I have the creativity of a walrus, don't @ me.
Tony would be a dead man. The Captain’s Commandos came first; there would be no way the man could be swayed if his family was in danger.
Tony scrambled over Steve, grabbing a tablet that sat on the end table, JARVIS already pulling up the external security feeds. Lo and behold, there was Obie, waltzing straight through the closed down shawarma joint like he owned the place, heading to the back room where the speakeasy entrance was.
The Captain furrowed his brow. "What are you talking about?"
The Skull laughed again, aiming his gun at Steve. “Pathetic,” he sneered. “No. I won’t spare your crew, I won’t spare Mr. Stark. I won’t spare anyone who has ever muttered your name or seen your face. But don’t worry. I’ll make sure to tell each and every one of them that it was your fault, so when they take their last breaths, they’ll know you failed them.”
to be content here. I just, I need- ”
Tony would always say no. Just like he had told Steve.
Clint peeked around the corner, glancing through his options. The firemen were all still attached to the large hoses, spraying every inch of the building that they could. He could see the cops already trying to set up a perimeter, most likely getting ready to search for clues. Clint swept once more over the faces until-
“Sounds good to me,” Steve retorted, ducking down at the last second as bullets flew over their heads. Even though he couldn’t see Clint, Steve could hear the occasional swear or taunt from above them.
“Yea give her up, you’re the one who got her killed! If she never meets you, she’ll be safe!”
Zola retorted.
But Tony had just barreled on past his mentor, snapping at Pepper to get a press conference put together.
He couldn’t get it out of his head. The killer in their midst. The wolf in sheep’s clothing. He found himself manic, desperately searching for clues he knew weren’t there. When he was working, he constantly had an earphone in, listening to previous episodes and the callers they had on the air. When he wasn’t working he was on his laptop, scrolling through the open forum on their website, trailing back months and months, looking for anything and everything that said:
It wasn’t until Steve was able to sweep his legs, causing Stark to collapse in the street, that Steve finally got a full look at him. Stark looked up at him with wide eyes, chest heaving. His suit was in disarray; rips had formed from tearing through obstacles, mud and blood splatters littered the fine cloth from their scuffle. The brunette locked eyes with Steve, his face hardening to give a stone-cold glare. “Well, go on.
Bucky shoved him gently, as if reading his thoughts, before crouching down and slipping between Tony’s legs. He cast a final glance at Steve –
“I just got off the phone with Phil,” inserted Clint. “He didn’t know anything about it. At first I thought it was because he doesn’t handle those cases, but this is Tony Stark we’re talking about. If he went missing, the entire world would know about it. I had Phil check the recent reports, and there was nothing.”
“The two were locked in their car; they we’re going to fall off the bridge. You saved them. The Hulk saved them.”
Loki was on his side. Loki needed HYDRA gone as much as he did. He told Steve, he
The Captain huffed before glaring at Tony. “He wanted to know who bombed Stark. My guess is that he already knows it was HYDRA; he just wanted to see if he could get Stark on his side, use him for information,” answered Coulson.
Tony hummed as he gratefully sucked the water down. “That bad, huh?” he managed to grit out after the cup was finally empty.
“But if I hurt myself, it shows up on you. So whatever I do now will change your memories?”
Tony knew Steve blamed himself for everything that had happened to the superheroes. Which, of course, was ridiculous, but if Steve was anything, he was stubborn.
Fury looked around the cramped kitchen, eyes locking on the far corner. “You run a podcast,” he said. It wasn’t a question. “
If he was being honest, Steve found it easier to accept that one of his roommates was the god of thunder rather than knowing he has access to fresh food 24/7. The team had been staying at the tower for almost a week and Steve was no closer to managing his way around the kitchen.
the chance that her son would end up just like her husband. She’d tried to get him to consider college, but it was a moot point. Down this far, people only went to college to get away, to escape, only to end up right back where they started. He didn’t want to end up like the rest of them, didn’t want to turn out like the ones that
“Dammit,” Bucky hissed under his breath, clenching his fists. Steve could see the plates shift on his metal arm and he started to think about the phone call he would have to make to Tony about destruction of public property. But then Bucky turned back to him, smiling sweetly. “Fine then. As reparation payment, you have to buy
A few shouts down the hall had both men turning with a start.
They’d left for Belarus immediately, following Fury’s intel to where HYDRA had been stockpiling a small arsenal. The group had been small and disorganized, clearly not expecting to be found so quickly. Unfortunately, disorder breeds chaos, and they were unable to wrangle all the insurgents before they took off to the nearby town, ready to go out with a bang.
Steve took off running, hearing Rumlow’s curses reverberate down the street. He stopped to take a look at the piece of map her ripped off. It wasn’t the whole thing, but Steve had managed to grab a part with an address on it. Steve knew that him future self would go to all three locations to find the Iron Man. All he needed to do was wait for him at this location, and kill him while he’s there. Then Fury would forgive him, and he can live the rest of his thirty years out in peace.
But sex was different. Tony was always around the next morning. It was something that Steve and Bucky always secretly looked forward too, even sometimes more than the sex the night before, especially after Pepper had seen Tony stumbling out of their bedroom with them one morning, after they’d first gotten together.
Tony squinted at him. “What day is it?”
Bucky smacked him on the back of his head, Clint squawking as the metal made contact. “Ass,” he muttered.
Steve shrugged. “We keep looking, I guess. If you take out Pierce before he meets with the governor, we’ll have to move fast before the rest of HYDRA carts everything off.”
“Relax, Rogers,” Natasha chided. “I think you’ll forgive me when I show you the presents I brought you.”
Clint gave a small, embarrassed wave. “Uh, hi, Cap.”
“You really think that after all of this, Pierce is going to let any of you walk? What’s to say he hasn’t written up a whole litany of lies about your entire gang. Howard Stark was a known constituent of the SSR, so pining the unpinable Tony Stark just got a whole lot easier,” Fury explained, giving Tony another long stare. “As for the rest of your crew, there would be more than enough scraps for him to work with to put them all away for life.”
“He hates it, doesn’t he,” she said.
Tony sat next to him on the bed. “There isn’t any way to get into the scheduling assistant unless you have access through our internal servers. That means that only a Stark Industries employee would have been able to write it in.”
"If you think Happy was the only one on guard duty, then you've sorely underestimated me."
I don't know about you, but I'm definitely looking forward to the fact that I won't have to write 'The Captain' every other sentence anymore. It's the little things in life.
Yinsen rolled his eyes in response. “Forget I asked.”
It was empty. The speakeasy was as empty.
Bucky winced, but it was hard to argue with Stark. If what Sam said was true, and the SSR files were stolen, there’s no telling what else was waiting for them. There was a chance that they were still in the act, just camping out at one of the locations until Steve showed up, just to gun him down. And even if they weren’t, the thefts of Steve’s last bargaining chip would be more than enough to set the man off to do something stupid again. He didn’t exactly have the best track record for dealing with surprises, so of course Steve not answering his phone would be enough to make him worry. Bucky was just glad that Stark seemed to be in the same boat as him. Even better for him, Stark had a way of getting Steve to listen to him. Benefit of giving good dick, he supposed.
Finally standing up, Steve scanned his surroundings. It seemed that Stark had taken off, with no inclination to chase after Steve. Deciding it was safe to move, Steve slowly trekked his way back to the car he drove to Stark's meeting with. He needed to get out of his uniform; attracting unwanted attention was the last thing he needed.
He heard a moan, so faint that Steve first thought it was a breeze coming out of the vents. But as it got louder, Steve realized that it was Tony, his head turning slightly as he tried to fight his way back into consciousness.
“Scott Summers, longtime supporter of superhuman rights has disappeared,” he read. A picture of a smiling man, sunglasses glinting in the sun stared back at him. “Cyclops.”
The redhead cocked her gun. “Oh, I don’t think so. I should’ve known you were in on this as well. Who are you supposed to be again? Sergeant Proctor?”
Fury leaned back in his chair but said nothing. Steve took that as a sign that he still had the floor. “Now, about Phil. Obviously you know the extent of our relationship.”
It was Hill, Fury’s right hand woman. She could sniff out anyone, no matter how well they were hiding. Tony letting her into his house was definitely not a good thing.
Clint was looking at him with wide eyes, but dutifully broke his gaze to look at the paper in front of him. “Uh, well,” he started. “I’m not sure we ever finished last weeks question.”
“Tony!” Steve shouted again, rushing over to the smaller man to check for injuries. “Are you alright?”
“Cap,” Tony tried to breathe around the larger mass. The other man ignored him, however, blubbering into his shoulder, Tony only catching half of what he was saying.
“Ugh, you still taste like burnt wood.”
“Purely coincidental,” he smiled.
Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand, placing a small kiss onto his knuckles. “Come on, that campsite isn’t going to search itself.”
“Bedside manner not really your forte, is it?” Tony tried to joke.
“So, what brings you down this way? Unless you’ve been my neighbor this whole time without me knowing, I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to be here.”
“An argument could be made for how much I’ve corrupted you,” Steve smirked. “Think I can request you as a bunkmate in prison?” he added, biting Tony’s neck.
“I don’t know,” Clint shrugged, stretching languidly across the couch he was on. “It’s nice here. I think I like the whole billion dollar business thing you’ve got going on here.”
Steve shot Sam the dirtiest look he could muster. “What do you want for me? There’s blood, Sam.
Steve scoffed, walking over to Bucky. “At least I’m trying. I gotta do whatever I can to keep you guys safe.”
Someone cleared their throat behind her.
“Okay,” Pepper replied slowly. “So why- ”
Pierce and Stane stared into the cell in front of them. "I told you it was worth the view," he murmured to the bald man next to him.
Steve heard Natasha exit the room, but his eyes never left the HYDRA man in the chair.
The man dropped to the ground with a small groan. It was over.
Steve could hear pounding in his ear, feeling as if he’d been thrust back in the frozen tundra. “What are you saying?” he asked quietly.
"Besides the crazed mob boss in front of me? No, no one's been in or out that isn't supposed to."
“You know him?” The Captain questioned.
They couldn’t be after Steve’s name; they already knew that. What else could they want? Surely nothing Tony had any idea about.
“This is the right thing to do, Obie, and you can’t convince me otherwise. My decision’s final.”
Rhodes seemed to tower over them, dark eyes piercing as they scanned over him. If his jaw was clenched any harder, Steve would think that his teeth would crack. He just screamed
He ran through the streets until he found a convenient store. When the clerk wasn’t looking, he stuffed his pockets with Aspirin and some snacks. Eating in an a dead end, and swallowing as many Aspirin as he could, Steve considered his next move.
“I did,” Steve responded.
Tony what would happen.
“Well, that’s always good to hear,” Sam sighed, rubbing at his face.
“It lives,” Clint gasps dramatically, earning a sharp glare from Tony. Steve ignored the two, pushing Tony down into a chair before settling down in the seat next to him. Steve waited patiently until he saw Tony reach out for his own food before he began to fill up his own plate.
He didn’t see Steve as a cash cow, as a dancing monkey. He saw the real Steve and didn’t even know it. He could forget who he was with Tony. Where he’s been, what he’s seen. What he knew.
Tony huffed out a hollow laugh. “Well, you did always know me better than anyone.”
Because there was no good reason.
Being a Looper in New York was dangerous. While the ones in the Midwest had the benefit of quiet cornfields to complete their mission, Loopers here only had the option of doing it behind rundown buildings. A gunshot can raise suspicion. And in his line of work, you can’t just let people go around asking questions.
Steve nodded, trying to understand. In the days following Tony’s injections, Bruce monitored him day and night, looking for any sort of imbalance, and sign of the dosage having a negative affect on Tony, but there had been nothing.
“TONY!”
Screw the bullet; Steve Rogers was going to kill this man. “Fuck it,” Steve swore. “I don’t have time for this.” Without another moment of hesitation, Steve brought his arms around Stark’s waist and under his knees, carrying the man bridal style.
“Grant,” Steve interjected with a poster boy smile. “Joseph Grant.”
business deal in less than an hour, what the hell were you thinking?” Pepper snapped.
Stane snorted. "A worthy sight indeed." The man leaned forward, face almost pressing in between the thick bars. "Comfy?"
“Tony?”
Steve soon found himself back at the club, thrust back into the rear offices used by the Loopers. Rumlow knocked on Fury’s office. “
There was a time for patience. A time for waiting, for planning the next move. To gather information, build a case. There was a time for justice. There was a time for a good man.
And hadn’t they been an unlikely duo, Bucky and Clint. Their first meeting had been less than stellar, what with Clint trying to rob Bucky. And then, even after Steve had introduced him to the rest of the team, Bucky was wary of him, always on constant alert whenever Clint had stood too close to Nat or Steve. Of course, they just laugh about it now. Bucky had been worried about him. Clint had the better aim, the better shot, the better jokes. Bucky spent weeks thinking that Clint would replace him, while Clint was worried Bucky was going to kill him in his sleep. After a therapeutic session (which was not so much of a session as much as Nat locking the two of them in the gym until they got their heads out of their asses) of talking, or in their case, beating the shit out of each other, the two left on different terms, being the closest of friends since.
The view though, was very nice. Tony had hurdled Clint into the nearest elevator, smacking the top floors button with the sole of his foot as he juggled fast food bags in his arms. After a quick stroll through the receptionist foyer, Clint stepped into Tony’s personal office.
“What are you watching?” he asks instead, shuffling over to the couch.
Falcon’s wing suit trailed quickly after the rouge helicopter. “Shouldn’t you be getting ready?” Falcon shouted over his shoulder while keeping up with the chopper.
“Are you going to let me in?” Natasha’s voice filtered into his head.
Clint hung up, leaving the room in search of Steve.
“Oh.” Steve deflated.
“It’s only 11,” Tony tried to placate. “Besides, I’m on meds. I shouldn’t be drinking.”
Natasha shrugged. “Nothing, just thought it would be a little more impressive.”
“At least you don’t have to worry about competition.”
“Will you- ”
“And you guys shouldn’t be in here.”
“Thanks, Ms. Scarlett,” Emily added, getting back to her feet with a slight spring in her step, as if her legs weren’t already screaming in agony.
"Same way as you," chided Stark. "I used the door."
“So?” Tony continued when they parted. “Epic road trip across the nation? Maybe we shouldn’t even stop there – does Norway extradite to the United States?”
Fury shrugged. “Even criminals need to pass the time. And considering how much he seems to enjoy the show, I highly doubt he’ll stop listening on account of murder charges. Especially since he has anonymity on his side. Even if he listens, it will be like finding a needle in a haystack made of other needles.”
For a slight moment, Natasha could see a flash of uncertainty on Pierce’s face, the man finally coming to terms with his situation. “Fine,” the man finally grit out, arm holding the governor throwing the terrified man to the floor. Natasha waited for him to drop the gun as well, but he didn’t the weapon coming up to stare her in the face. “It may be over for me, but the least I can do is send Rogers home with another body bag.”
78 days. That’s how long he’d been here. He wasn’t sure why he bothered counting. Maybe it was his subconscious trying to rationalize his current situation. 78 days into an indefinite sentence.
The media was claiming the connection of at least twelve victims, as per their police sources tell them.
Steve shot him an innocent smile. “What do you mean?”
Tony Stark was a business shark. He had gotten to where he was today all on his own. Relying on other people was a weakness,
Tony bit his lip to keep from laughing. He obviously wasn’t doing a very good job based on the glare Coulson sent his way. “You saw him do this?” Tony asked.
"You were doing what you thought was right," Bucky whispered. "You're only human, Steve."
camping.”
“Think of this as the best way to keep us safe,” Tony placated. “Witness protection was only ever an option because we know HYDRA doesn’t end with Pierce. There’s a whole network that we haven’t unearthed yet, and once Pierce is out of the picture, they’re going to be gunning for us. At least this way we’ll be out of New York and living on the FBI’s dime,” he smiled.
He groaned, pushing his face into his hands. Clint jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He wasn’t all that surprised that he didn’t hear Tony sit down next to him.
“How is this possible,” Tony whispered, mostly to himself, eyes darting over Coulson’s form. “You’re alive?” Tony couldn’t help the shaking laughs that bubbled out of his chest. “
Pepper crouched down in front of him. “I’ll bring him back in the morning, I promise. Please, Steve. Let me help you.”
Just a small spark, accompanied after by a few kilojoules of force and heat.
Thoughts zoomed through his head like a runaway train as he tried to piece something together. Anything.
Steve gaped at the man, pausing to admire Tony’s backside before he was stumbling along, tearing off his own pants with far less grace. He jolted when he stepped outside, skin prickling in the cold air, but he dutifully followed a sauntering Tony to the hot tub that was already steaming and alive with multiple jets – the doing of JARVIS, Steve assumed, getting the machine ready as soon as Tony first uttered it in the kitchen.
There weren’t any. Coulson has basically sold himself in order to pull the FBI off their trail, and onto Pierce’s. “I don’t know what you expect me to tell the team,” Tony said finally. “Clint will have my head if I let you walk out that door alone.”
“Gaylord!” Bucky blurted.
“No,” Bucky snapped. “You cut that shit right or you can leave. Stark wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t do that to Steve.”
Hill’s eyes softened. “Steve, we had to tell you. We didn’t want to- ”
sidearm, throwing them in as well.
“There’s an army man out there for you. You didn’t tell me that you’re setting up another contract with the military. Does Obadiah know about this?”
“Because JARVIS isn’t only programmed to make updates on me. And I haven’t heard a word from our British super nanny about you. But you’ve obviously gotten out.”
“Sir, I must advise against this- ”
Delmar stood gaping at Barton. The archer rolled his eyes before pressing a button into his hand. A familiar skull-headed octopus button sat in Delmar’s palm.
Tony pushed back weakly, falling further into Steve’s embrace. “Where’s Peter?”
So Steve Roger’s identity will stay with him. Hammer and The Monger will take care of Stark and the rest of The Commandos, and then they will deliver The Captain to him. And finally, Schmidt's vision would be realized.
Tony deflated. “Oh, right. Bowling night.”
After what seemed like an eternity, Stark turned to face Steve with a grim expression. “Weapons dealer?” he asked in a strained voice, pointing over at Thor.
Something told Tony, however, that usually these interviews yield better results. Barton was pacing up and down the room, biting at his fingernails with a tight face.
came the snarking reply.
Clint shot him a venomous look. “Don’t try and play hero here. If you really cared about Phil, then you would have- ”
“The hell you are. I’ve got shit to do.”
bad. Now do as I say before I change my mind and I choke the life right out of you. Do you understand?”
bed.”
“Did you know?” Tony asked, tears in his eyes.
Tony could feel Steve’s smile form against where it was tucked into his neck. “I could ask you the same thing.”
“I won’t ask again, Tony!”
“Trust me when I tell you’ve that I’ve done a whole lot more to get a whole lot less,” joked Tony. “Come on; let me finish giving you the nickel tour.” Behind the double doors of the bar was a spacious and up to date kitchen, stocked with every food imaginable. Beyond that, Tony led Steve and the others down another hallway, the wood floors creaking underneath their steps.
And suddenly, Bucky was furious. Furious about the whole thing; about their stupid arrangement, about stupid Florida and stupid Mrs. Danowitz, about stupid Steve and Tony. “You’re just going to leave me here?” he hissed. “I’ve been here for months doing what I was damn told, and now I have to stay here? While you and him get to fucking come and go as you please?”
Tony slumped against the closet wall, letting his weight slide him down to the floor, his hands still white-knuckling his scotch.
but it was like he was an addict that had gone too long from his next fix. Each breath, each gasp, each kiss. All he could feel was Steve. And it was never enough.
“See!” Sitwell cried in real time. “You see?!”
Kind eyes crinkled in amusement. “I’m sure you are.”
Steve frowned, looking at where Tony had come from. “Were you in a… storage closest?”
“Oh really? I have a lot of bodies that might disagree with you.”
“Thor,” Steve interjected, voice hoarse. “Take Clint to his room. We need to deal with this.”
Tony jolted forward as the car came to a screeching halt. “What the hell,” Tony hissed.
Tony watched as she left, as graceful as ever, hopefully to pack. The meeting, of course, was absolute bullshit, but it was the best way to keep Pepper out of the line of fire. Tony had a feeling that things were going to escalate pretty quickly; the last thing he wanted was another innocent’s blood on his hands. Especially Pepper’s.
“What’s wrong?” Steve questioned.
Steve left out a quiet huff, his hand rubbing at the back of his neck. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
“Already on the tray,” Barnes sighed. “This ain’t my first rodeo.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So,” Natasha continued, leaning back further in her seat. “Is Tony Stark really that good in bed? I’ve heard some stunning reviews.”
pictures with things; things get pictures with him.”
There, standing in the middle of the chaos, was Phil, looking the worst Clint had ever seen him. The man was staring at the blaze, horror etched on his face as he ignored the men around him.
Obie. Our employees were murdered in cold blood. Innocent people died because they worked for me.”
“I was on the phone with my friend.”
The woman scrambled to obey, jumping out of the car quickly. “Thanks, sweet cheeks,” Clint winked, hopping in her place, taking off down the street. Normally, grand theft auto wasn’t really his thing, but Clint had to find The Commandos. He had to find Steve.
When Steve said nothing, Rumlow continued. “I’d like to see you hit anything farther than fifteen yards away. Useless piece of crap, that is. Now this?” He pointed to his gun. “This is a work of art. It’s got range.” Rumlow started to twirl the gun between his fingers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He saw your face.”
“One hundred percent, Pep. The Captain and his men aren’t going to be a problem anymore. Now what’s up?”
"Right, what could be worse than having to call four families saying that someone's not coming home for dinner?"
The Captain turned to look at him with wide eyes. “Did they just say- ”
Tony flashed more grimace than smile at the older man. “Is there a reason you’re here, or did you just come to insult me?”
Steve grabbed Bucky by his shoulders. “Count to five and then run.”
Steve watched as his two eldest slipped out from where they were hiding, behind the ratty sofa. “It’s alright kids, your father and I were just having a discussion.”
Sam met her gaze.
“Uh, no. I can find my own way home, thank you very- ”
“Ms. Potts, I think there’s been a huge misunderstanding,” Bucky tried to insert.
Steve groaned into his hands, collapsed on his bed, and dreamed of better things.
“JARVIS, where is he?” Bucky pushed, clearing thinking along the same lines as Steve.
Steve doesn’t remember when the battle was, or where he was. He doesn’t even remember what the Commandos were doing there. He just remembers the thud of his shield off of his body.
Tony needed to ditch the group before it got any worse.
“We don’t have a choice now,” Tony said next to him.
Rogers looked wrecked, fresh tears spilling over his paled cheeks. “Tony, I- ”
Steve corrected. The vehicle would make it back to its original owner eventually. Probably.
how could he possibly even consider leaving him to rot with the feds? But if he said something and the team tried to go after him? Tony could only imagine that ending in lifelong prison sentences.
“Thanks, JARVIS,” Tony mumbled into his mug, already starting on his second sip.
The pair walked together, their combat boots echoing loudly in the hallway.
“He has to be here, Bucky!”
“Uh, yeah. I guess Fury hit his head too hard on something and decided it was a good idea to let Steve and I bunk together.”
Steve flopped his head on the pillows.
Clint charged down the street, heading for Phil, Bucky hot on his tail.
“Anything else, JARVIS?”
“How many you bring?”
Steve had been shocked; he never really thought that much into archery. But that was what made Clint Barton so spectacular. Just a normal guy taking on gods and aliens, all while using a medieval weapon. And maybe the fact that he could do it all with a smile on his face, and a joke on his lips was just an added bonus.
Fury sighed deeply, glaring back at Tony. It was a gaze that made Tony uneasy. One that knew too much.
“I would rather walk into incoming traffic.”
“Thank you, Bruce,” Steve reassured. “Tony wouldn’t want anyone to look over him except for you. Neither would I.”
Tony thought. “Please. Every man has their price. Now, I'm gonna go relax at the safe house for a few days, and you’ve got a flight to catch.”
“I’m here now, Steve.”
“That was Tasha. Beattie wasn’t there but they think he was there with someone else at some point. Stark’s already looking into video footage from outside, so maybe we’ll catch a break.”
They waited a few more seconds, trying to see if they could piece together any parts of a conversation, but stopped when they heard more blasts. The tunnels seemed to shake around them, the pair almost feeling the heat each blast gave off.
His team always thought it was the physical drain that made Bruce so glum after a mission. But it was the emotional toil that burned deep inside him.
10:01 a.m.
Tony skimmed over one of the many new scars that littered Steve’s pale skin. “I take it this was the reason for you delay?”
“How about I push some buttons and reveal your face to the world?” Tony asked, pulling out his phone.
“You’ve got a lot of explaining to do, Officer Coulson.”
“Later,” interjected Steve. “Call a family meeting.”
“If you value your life, you won’t do that,” Steve said. “Besides, we still won’t have time to make it to Natasha’s tonight. I’ve got plans for this evening.”
The war in the Middle East started to make a lot more sense than whatever battle he was fighting here.
“Just, try to keep him from killing me, yeah? I think one bullet is enough for today.”
We’re only human.
He should head back if he wants to make it home before the first droplets fall. He wasn’t exactly thrush with shoes, and he certainly didn’t want to head into work tonight with sopping soles.
Obadiah gave him a long look. “Did I know about HYDRA taking out your parents? Who do you think called the hit?”
“You give me the life I want, though. You do, those bunch of rascals back home do. You think I could bear to lose you, either?” Tony's hand circled around Steve, rubbing soothingly at his back, while the other cupped right behind his neck.
Tony’s mouth filled with blood as he bit his lip, unwillingly picturing a defeated Steve behind bars, just out of reach.
like that? People depend on us, Tony!”
“Alright; keep me updated.”
It wasn’t long before the surrounding woods engulfed them, blocking out the faded sounds of the expressway, hiding them from sight. When a well-known gate came into view of his headlights, Steve finally rolled to a stop, turning the car off. He took a moment for himself, resting his head against the seat, before finally digging out his phone.
“You painted Stevie’s ceiling, because you knew he wasn’t thinking. You try and brush everything off, but I have never met a more generous man in my life than you,” Bucky confessed. “You did that, and everything you do out of the kindness in your heart, and you do it without expecting anything in return, and I love you because of that.”
One month since the explosion. One month since Stark left. One month since Clint saw Phil in person. One month since he heard Bucky laugh. One month since he saw Steve smile.
Finally reaching State Street, Barnes tried to hit the brakes only to realize he didn’t have feet anymore.
“Well what about you?!” countered Bucky. “Why is it always
“Steve!” The two men cried out in unison as they watched The Captain fall to the depths of the river. They took off immediately, keeping their feet light as they dashed across the dangerous ice.
"No one good, buddy. No one good."
Rogers thought, looking down at the still body. Rogers forced himself to keep going. This was for a better cause. This was for the future. This was for Peggy.
“What? I don’t understand.”
was safe. He was alive and warm under Tony, pulse frantic under his touch, skin life fire to the touch. It was getting too much for them, Tony could tell. They were a mess, pressed tightly together, the only sounds coming between them were wet gasps as they pretended one or both of them were not crying.
Barnes’ eyes burned into his skull. “Will you quit it?” he hissed, grabbing at Tony’s arm harshly. “This whole lone gunslinger act. Because let me tell you, it’s not working. I know you care. If not for us, but for him. I know you care for Steve.”
Tony let out another cry before he was running back into the kitchen. He could hear steps following him and Tony veered, turning back long enough to reach for the coffee mug, and chuck it at the apparition as well. Steve managed to dodge this one, the ceramic shattering on the wall behind him.
“Plebeian.”
“If, and this is a big if, that guy is a surviving member of HYDRA, we're both in a shit storm. Especially you. You’re going to find yourself in a very dangerous situation.”
The reaction was immediate. As well it should have been. Steve had drilled protocols into their heads.
And it terrified him.
to Steve. Any other day, Steve would have been very pleased to know that Tony had someone so protective in his corner. Right now, Steve wished he would have sent Bucky to do this.
Tony swung the door open, revealing a darkened staircase. The Commandos followed dutifully, like baby ducks traveling behind their mother as they trekked new territory. It was a short flight down, but it was slow. No light emanated in the stair case, so Steve and the rest of the team had stuck their arms out to keep their balance. Tony, unlike the rest of them, walked down the stairs confidently, as if he’d trodden down them thousands of times before. Finally reaching the bottom, Tony opened a final creaking gate, and led the group into the landing. It was just as dark as the staircase, and cool; they were underground. Tony walked back behind them, only to flick on the overhead lights.
Tony didn’t even stop to land on the ground; he flew straight into the burning mess that was his office.
“Steve told me to kill The Suit. I got cocky; I thought I could handle it. I didn’t kill him in time. He used the remote on you. It was my fault. I thought I killed you.” Clint broke off with a groan, fresh tears spilling down his face.
Steve exhaled as a hand finally tore his eyes away. Bruce was shooting him an unimpressed gaze, his fingers grasping Steve’s chin like a scolding mother. “What?” Steve blurted out.
“-had more time,” he caught Bucky whisper.
Which is why Tony was surprised when he stumbled over a large duffel bag, crashing to the ground. “What the hell?”
Seemed a bit early for hallucinations, but hey, Tony wasn’t complaining. Not when it was Steve’s voice. He felt his legs finally give out, the brunette slumping against the wet tiles. Whatever. So, he was probably dying. Even still, he kicked some ass while doing it. Steve would be proud.
Fury’s right-hand woman.
Do you know how many men I lost today?!” shouted Hammer. After Drumm had brought in the first body, Hammer had immediately sent him back out in search of the rest of the men he sent to deal with The Commandos. It had ended the same; Tony Stark still out of reach and more dead bodies laying at his feet. How that rag-tag group of imbeciles managed to mow down some of his best guns had Hammer seething in anger.
Another shot rang out.
“Focus,” Steve chided. “All we need to do is place them. I hit a few buttons and JARVIS will take care of the rest.”
He heard Carol sigh over the phone.
Steve just laughed again, ambling forward to wrap Sam in his arms. “I missed you, Sam.”
Tony nearly shouted. “Steve, Clint has been gone for over a month! How did no one know about this?!”
“Pietro,” Tony prodded. “Is there something you’d like to tell your father that happened at school today?”
“You gonna use them?” When The Captain remained silent, Tony continued. “It’s just, Hammer weapons aren’t reliable; in the end, they’ll probably end up causing more problems than solutions. To be blunt, your men are going to end up with a jammed gun in the middle of a firefight. Do you only use Hammer weapons?”
Tony grasped Steve’s head in his hands. “I was walking a tightrope long before you came along. What’s not to say it wouldn’t have happened anyway? And if it did happen, which it probably would have, I would have had to face it alone, without you. And that isn’t worth it.”
“A trap?” Steve asked.
“How did this happen?” shouted Stark.
“No time,” Tony interrupted. “You look great, Buck, no need to worry.”
“Looking for you,” he answered, giving Tony a skeptical once over.
“It’s been such a hardship,” Tony groaned, throwing an arm over Steve’s shoulders.
Fighting for Steve shouldn’t have been any different. There were many times that he never saw his enemy, much like it was in Afghanistan. And there were many times that his enemies walked in broad daylight, much like the political scum in Washington D.C. Maybe it was because Sam got on so well with the others, maybe it was because he was damn good at what he did. But it wasn’t. Fighting for Steve, fighting for The Commandos was different because of one thing. He got results.
“And is he saw you? What would he think then?”
“They don’t have the size we need.”
Tony smiled, slipping in gracefully. "Of course. The board's already kicked me out. I'm all yours."
Rogers glared at him. “You wouldn’t dare.”
Phil sighed.
“Here,” a soft voice said.
Another sigh. “Alright then. Give Peter to me.”
“It’s too dangerous! We can try and- ”
Clint shrugged, staring at the still image. “Not much to go on. Male, dark brunette. Heavily built, most likely hired muscle, but definitely skilled. The way he’s using the shadows of the buildings; he probably knew the cameras were there. The way he holds himself, I’m guessing ex-military. Probably a gun for hire now.”
Tony sighed. “Listen, there’s still a war going on. The supply has been cut off, but the US army has to meet me halfway. They want guns out of terrorists’ hands? I’ve down my part, now they should do theirs.”
Bruce immediately backed away. “Thor, I don’t really think- ”
Tony tried to reassure himself. It had been over a week; if The Rings still had Steve, they would have heard about it, right? Steve already upheld his part of the bargain, so they didn’t need him anymore, right?
“Really? Do you?” Steve snapped. “Because you don’t. I don’t think you do.”
Looking down, Steve saw three locations circled on the map, and a string of numbers written across the top. “What is it?”
Watery eyes widened as they peered over an out of date pair of wire-frame glasses. Her voice trembled alongside the rest of her frail body, making the already devastating picture absolutely unbearable.
The only thing that was out of place was a single glass resting on the bar, half filled with scotch from a bottle sitting right next to it.
“Clint,” he cried, voice hoarse. “Now!”
Clint tried to gasp around Steve’s crushing grip. “Alive,” he managed to spit out. “They’re alive.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The Captain had popped the question.
The four loaded the quintjet. Natasha setting the coordinates for home base. “Who the hell is he?” She gestured towards the limp fireman.
guns.”
“Well I sure as hell can’t if you keep blasting the police scanner,” Sam snapped back.
Tony shrugged. “Better be safe than sorry, right?”
Steve Rogers was bad news. He'd always been.
Tony shook out of his grip. “Sorry, Cap. I’m not your guy.”
“Stark’s on his own side,” Pietro snapped.
Tony could relate. Turns out they were more alike that they originally thought.
“Tony.”
And then Phil’s arms were around him again, arms that Clint welcomed. He burrowed further into Phil’s warmth, losing himself in the security of the familiar embrace.
Steve looked up at him, trying to keep his face neutral. “We?” he whispered.
“How’d he do it?”
it is the building! Or,
The two stared at each other, blue eyes piercing into each other, both men saying nothing.
anything.”
“I could say the same for you,” Tony answered, not walking away from the threshold. “It’s the middle of the night.”
Comments/feedback are always wanted!
And then, you show up all out of the blue like nothing happened?! You are in big trouble, mister.”
“They know who you are?” Bucky whispered incredulously. “What about the aliases?”
Tony had met Colonel James Rhodes back in his college days; he was the only one who could handle Tony's shit, as well as fight back with some of his own. Sure, Tony had been a little devastated when Rhodey decided to choose to go to the military instead of coming to work for him. But turned out having an in with the military was always a plus. That and, Tony may or may not have pulled a few strings to make Rhodey the official military liaison for Stark Industries.
Tony scowled, pulling his hand from Barton’s grasp, resulting in a sharp pain and a wince. The Captain was over at his side in an instant. “Is it okay? Should I get Bruce?”
century; can’t just trust a lock and key anymore.”
Steve’s mouth left his only to attach to his neck, worrying at the skin roughly. Tony started to moan but it was caught again, stopped by Bucky leaning over Steve to have a taste. Steve’s hands trailed up Tony’s spine until he felt the zipper at the back of his flight suit. He tugged it down harshly, only to stuff his hands down the open back, feeling the glorious heat from Tony’s body spread out under his fingertips.
Phil rolled his eyes. “So me and Tony Stark can’t know each other?”
He should have known better, honestly. It was the same tactic that he had started with as well. But he'd relaxed, and let himself drift down a new path, following the tantalizing bread crumbs The Commandos left as they trailed ahead of him. The slightest glimmer of a different life, a new beginning. A chance of being part of something bigger.
Hammer glared at the phone. “Excuse me?”
Steve was out the door in a flash.
Tony didn’t even deem that with a response. Since he’d finally fallen into ‘compliance’, his role as daily play thing had decreased immensely. Of course, that didn’t stop Tony from flinching every time the door was thrust open. “I’m behaving now,” Tony spat with distain. “I’m doing what they ask.”
That was all the confirmation Bucky needed. Even if it was hailing out in the middle of the night, Bucky would trust Clint’s eyes. “He’s heading for the car.”
Tony nodded. “Sure, there have been hits, but I’m not sure if they’re who we’re looking for. I have JARVIS running a decryption on the people accessing the name, weeding out all the regular nosy hackers. Hopefully we’ll get a location on Hammer or HYDRA in the next few hours.”
Tony giggled, ignoring the protests from his chest, and then he was laughing, unable to stop the abhorrent noises from escaping. He could hear faint shouting, no doubt the FBI rushing in to ‘save the day’.
Riley was everything that he hated. He was loud and fast, talked like a hyena and smiled like a shark. He had a certain air about him – one that he’d notice again when first meeting Tony Stark – that had his metaphorical hackles rising. Growing up, there was always an unspoken rule about being wary of city folk. But, considering he grew up in an area that had a continuous history of being wary against people like him, he never paid in any mind. Besides, he’d met plenty of other people in basic training and while deployed that hailed from up North that he never had any issues with. But he did with Riley.
“-eve? Steve! Come on babe, look at me.”
His crew mate blinked up at him, gasping for breath as he tried to form words. “Jesus. What the hell happened to you? Where are the others?” Drumm continued, running up to his injured friend.
He opened the door and stepped aside, relishing in the squawk that Tony let out, scrambling to get behind Steve as Lucky came bounding out of the door. Steve, of course, melted on the spot immediately, bending over to pet the excited dog. “Look at you!” he crooned, scratching his fingers through Lucky’s dirtied fur. He really should give him a bath; the dog had a knack for ending up in the mud as much as Clint did. “Aren’t you just the sweetest thing!”
When he woke, the sun was still out, silently mocking Tony at the slow passing of time. He shifted, ready to close his eyes again, but was painfully interrupted by his bladder. He sighed in discomfort, but dutifully tore the sheets away to make his way back to the bathroom. This time after washing his hands, Tony did allow himself to look in the mirror. There wasn’t much to look at, honestly. There was another painful twist in his gut, but Tony wasn’t sure if it was for disgust or from hunger.
Clint jogged across the street, darting around traffic as he scanned the street’s crowd. It was always a shock, seeing the normality of it. People stopping for coffee, kids running to school, patrons cramming on the bus. Clint’s world was crumbling around him, but as soon as he walked upstairs, it was if nothing was wrong. It was just your average Tuesday.
“Captain Joseph Grant, you said?” questioned Stane. “I’ve never heard of you.”
Steve looked up to see the brunette smirking down at him in the entrance way, before followed by Natasha and Clint. Steve glanced at Clint. “That everyone?”
Obie glared at him. “You want to know why your father and I put so much into our weapons division? Because it will
Tony ignored the question. “So he’s coming here? To kill me because he thinks that thirty years from now I’ll become this insane murderer called Iron Man?”
“Why don’t you all just go?” Hill bit out.
“Hell, yes!” Tony cried, pumping a fist in the air. “Sorry, Pep, you’ll have to give my regards to the board. The world needs Iron Man right now. Score one for international terrorism.” Tony winced, looking over at Steve. “Probably could have phrased that a little better.”
“Yea, kid was almost useless. But hopefully his buddy at the safe house will have some more answers.”
there was something wrong with Stane, he just couldn’t figure it out it time. A common trend for him, unfortunately. God, if he’d only been quicker. If he’d only seen what was right in front of his goddamned eyes, Tony might have been spared.
“Yea, some bigwig bought me out for the whole night.”
It was ridiculous, but Steve didn’t think he had ever been this nervous. Even knowing that, despite Tony’s grumbling he would never say anything bad about what Steve put together. He’d still claim to enjoy it, for Steve’s sake. The thought of that, however, sat worse in Steve’s stomach than rejection. Steve stopped Tony right in front of the fire.
“Sorry,” Steve choked out again, unable to meet Tony’s eyes.
Tony could feel the metal in his gloves start give as it rubbed up against Pietro’s movements and-
Steve shook his head. “Clint’s a professional. I trust him; sending you after him would send the wrong message. Besides, we need to deal with this.”
Natasha shook her head. “I’ve never heard of them. Special ops?”
Fury sat down, and looked at Steve. “Why the hell are you wearing those old-timer clothes? You know we don’t have a dress code here.”
“Arnim Zola,” Steve continued. “We were in the SSR together.”
But worst of all, Tony Stark was complex. That after being all of those things, the man still managed to remind Steve constantly that he was the best out of all of them. Like after a rough mission, Clint would find himself with a better bow, Natasha better armor, or the team would find brand new comm units. Once Natasha let it slipped that she liked to read, and the next day, Tony had outfitted the tower in a luxurious library, including all of the classics that Natasha loved. In each of the different languages she spoke. Steve knows that Tony is the one that always makes sure that Bruce’s favorite teas from the Middle East are always in stock, one already brewed for him after the Hulk was needed on a mission. Tony even managed to procure Steve’s old motorcycle from the Smithsonian, leaving it down in his workshop for Steve to work on whenever he pleased. Steve sometimes wondered why Tony had never made the final leap to full-fledged Avenger; the man did so much for the team. Balancing the team’s PR, their tech and living arrangements, not to mention large amounts of charity donations for innocent victims of their foes, Tony Stark would do it all.
Fury just had the gall to laugh at him. “You know, when I hired you, I remember you having a lot less snark and a little more work ethic.”
“Of course, sir.”
“So, all these files,” Natasha continued, changing the subjects. “They’re just whispers that they got from their customers?”
Brown eyes locked with blue and Tony could already feel the tension bleeding from his body. Steve shot him a smile and a firm nod.
Tony rubbed a hand across the back of his neck. “Yeah, well, genius waits for no one. Now,” he continued, making grabbing hands at Bucky. “Come here.”
“Not a good idea,” Tony continued. “Given the right price, these people would do anything. That’s what makes them so dangerous. Provoking them while we’re in the middle of this shit storm probably wouldn’t be your finest move.”
bed,” Tony argued.
you just had to waltz in there like you owned the joint. What the hell were you thinking?”
Tony closed his eyes, imagining he was cutting through the air, gliding by building after building as he flew without a care in the world.
It was one of the first times he had ever heard Steve laugh.
Which of course only got him a colder glare from Barnes. The Captain’s lap dog did not sit well with Tony. Well, none of The Commandos did; they were trained killers after all. Barnes, however, definitely takes the cake. His fierce protectiveness over his boss could be clearly seen on any day, but his hatred for Tony? Well that could be seen for miles.
Steve didn’t respond. Honestly, if given the choice, Steve would go right back and finish the job. Anything to try and distract him from the fact that he was the one to blame. That it was his fault that everything had happened.
“Use your brain,” snapped Yinsen. “There’s been an explosion right down the hallway where they’ve locked up a weapon’s manufacturer with access to explosives.”
Tony shot forward. “Yeah, let’s back up. How do you know who he is?” he asked, waving to the Captain’s face.
“Burnt,” she replied with an easy smile.
Steve hummed again, the sound reverberating against Tony’s head.
Clint barely felt Natasha leave the room, the redhead already moving so quietly that even his hearing aids weren’t strong enough to pick up on her footfalls.
Phil stumbled with his phone again, this time calling Clint’s cell.
“I’ll be back soon,” Steve repeated, turning back towards Tony. “And then we’ll fix this. I promise.”
Clint walked aimlessly upstairs, quickly peeking into bedrooms, but nothing seemed missing. It wasn't if they really had anything worthwhile here - or, at least anything Loki didn't already have access too. It wasn’t until he reached the staircase again that he saw it.
Steve sighed, placing his hands on his hips as he looked to where Bucky had slinked off to, and then to the sky to try and catch of the suit he knew was already long gone. All of them were prone to go off alone and sulk after a fight, licking their wounds in private, but he couldn’t let this one rest, Bucky’s scathing remarks be damned. He thinks he’ll never learn to quit. Besides, this was too important to let it lie. Sure, he’ll probably just end up screwing up their relationship with Tony, but if something was actually wrong with their boyfriend and he just ignored it? Steve would never forgive himself. With a destructive plan in mind, Steve made a sharp left away from the bakery, and headed back to Manhattan, one step at a time. Even he wasn’t crazy enough to risk a cab – after all, he needed time to figure out what the hell he was gonna say. He knew Tony needed that time as well.
,” Tony hissed.
“Where are the rest of us, in this scenario?” Natasha chuckled.
It was warm.
“It’s how we got here that makes me say no,” Steve answered quietly. “I would do it over again in a heartbeat if I could save you all that pain. I kept you in the dark for so long, and look where that got you,” he finished, leaning down to press a kiss on top of the scar.
Tony gave a small nod. “Umm, well help yourself, I guess.” Tony gestured around him. “You can use whatever, set up wherever.”
When Clint told them to get ready to land, he thought it was a joke – maybe it was because Clint had joked about landing twice before, going so far as opening the ramp over the Atlantic Ocean after seeing Steve and Bucky jump to their feet.
“What a match we are,” Phil said wryly.
Tony smirked at him. “Why? You worried you aren’t Daddy’s favorite anymore?”
“No problem,” Steve lied. “What do you need to know? Sir.”
Natasha’s glare slid over to the other man. “I don’t need anyone to protect me.”
Tony sighed.
“This can be avoided,” Thor cut in. “You can help us.”
Natasha looked over at Fury, his gun still aimed. His face was expressionless when he finally holstered the weapon, his eyes only giving a hint of disgust as he looked at the dead man in front of him. “What a waste,” Fury repeated.
Steve looked around, seeing the rest of his crew filing back into the room. “But how?” Maybe this was another distraction. Another plot to draw them out of the speakeasy and into the streets.
"Yeah, I saved your life, you ungrateful ass."
“You’re asking the wrong person, Buck,” Steve sighed. “I ask myself that every time, because what if it is? I mean, he’s Tony Stark! He’s been with monarchs and supermodels and- ”
Stark hissed. “Well, excuse the fuck out of me. Who am I to disrupt Grandpa’s Sunday afternoon drive? You can go ahead and tell your chauffer that he best
No excuses. You have work to do; you can play superhero later.”
Growling softly, Tony carded a hand through Steve’s hair before yanking the man closer, using Steve’s small gasp of surprise as access to slip his tongue inside. That must have been the last straw, because Tony could barely catch a quick breath before Steve finally caught on with the program, preceding to relearn every inch of Tony’s mouth.
“Exactly,” Sam agreed.
“You have an obligation to be a father,” Steve snarled.
Bruce ignored the other man. “What happened last time?” he asked again.
“Do you?” Bucky continued. “Because you’re walking around here like a ghost. This isn’t the SSR, Steve. You’re not alone anymore. You’ve still got your family here.”
Clint Barton was dying for a reprieve but he refused to stop.
The robber groaned softly, grabbing both men’s attention. Iron Man walked over to the man, the weaponized suit easily hefting the man up by his shirt. “That’s alright,” Steve started. “I got him.”
Tony froze, the proverbial lightbulb appearing above his head. “And if Phil managed to strike a deal with Fury for us- ”
Steve stroked Tony’s hair, trying to soothe him. “Well. Two things have happened. My future self definitely knows that you have to be Iron Man. Also, SHIELD knows I’m here. That means in about fifteen minutes, one or both of those things are going to be coming down your driveway. Take Hill’s car. Drive north, away from the city.”
“Get off me,” Clint hissed. “Phil!”
First of all, please enjoy a super duper long chapter.
“Did we hit a nerve?” a voice filtered by his ear, a grimy finger brushing along his cheek, picking up a drop of wetness in its path. Steve didn’t realize he had been crying, but he chastised himself. Tony was over there getting a beating of a lifetime, and Steve was the one that couldn’t hold it together. He just played into their hands; now they knew it was working.
Steve smacked him on the shoulder, but it was too late. Pepper had caught the comment, and by the way her eyes narrowed slightly, Steve knew that her brain was already putting two and two together. “I see,” was all she said.
“Well it doesn’t seem that way,” snapped Sam. Clint bit his lip, looking between Sam and Bucky.
It was a thought that had crossed his mind. He reached over the gap and grabbed Tony’s hand in response. He wasn’t sure what he’d do if Fury came back in with handcuffs. He didn’t much care to find out.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing that should worry you.”
Steve took a step towards Bucky, but was stopped by the man’s answering glare. He jerked his head over to Clint. Apparently, Bucky still wasn’t in the mood to deal with the news about Phil.
“Just can’t get enough of me, can you, Sparky?”
“A day,” the man sputtered out. “I can’t feel my legs.”
“Good, that’s good,” replied The Captain. “Nothing unexpected on our end either; this might actually be working.”
Fury’s voice pulled him from his thoughts and he clenched his fists, willing away the ghosts that lingered. He looked back at Fury’s face. Still nothing. “Can I get you something to drink?” Steve asked carefully. “I can offer you,” he paused, eyes darting to the fridge momentarily, “water?”
Tony sighed, but obliged. “If this is where you shove a pie in my face, you’re walking home.”
A sharp pain cracked against his cheek, eyes bulging back open at the slap. He groaned, rolling around on the workshop floor, each movement pure agony. “Barton?” he asked weakly.
“Tony? Sweetheart?”
Steve grabbed at Tony’s face gently, forcing him to meet his gaze. “I would never hurt you,” he whispered reverently.
But it wasn’t that case now. Tony didn’t have a perfect internal clock, but even he knew it had been over an hour.
“But he was there at the river,” Tony argued. “Barnes and I saw him!”
Pepper almost screeched.
“Relax. These apartments have been abandoned for years. No one’s around but us. Hence the fact that he would hear us if we just waltzed right in. Besides, I’ve seen Stark get swallowed by an alien, I think he can handle a bomb.”
“I missed you too.”
Nick couldn’t help but grin. “Why yes. Everything is
Tony rubbed a hand down Steve's arm. "Why do we need to label anything? Can't we just see where this takes us?"
“Tony,” Steve warned.
Steve thought. Steve wasn’t prone to childish repayment, but both of his boyfriends were, and it just might so happen that he’ll look the other way in the near future when
His head jerked up at the sound of Pepper’s voice. He tried to plaster on a smile. “Pep, what can I do for you?”
Ward bit his lip, not answering.
Barton made a move to start again, but stuttered to a halt when Thor came looming down their path. “Shit,” Barton whispered. “Follow me.”
“Stark?” Bucky asked.
“Well, apparently not,” Stark laughed.
“Wanda,” he said, looking over at his daughter. “How was school today?”
“Captain, this man is going in to make his final move, do you really think he’s going to half ass it?” Fury countered. “Now, while you’ve been guarding the SSR secrets all these years, how much have you updated the files?”
the look corrected,
“I don’t take orders from you,” snapped Barnes.
Steve let his head sag against this chest, his temple pounding.
“Then you don’t know me at all,” returned Steve, cocking his gun.
Barned scoffed with a roll of his eyes.
Steve smiled wider as Hammer paled slightly. “Captain,” he whispered hoarsely.
The bouncer buzzed them in. “We got a full house tonight, Steve.”
“Stop, stalling,” Steve interjected. “What are you doing working with HYDRA?”
Tony winced and jerked his head away, smiling over at the couple dancing next to them that had turned at them questioningly. “Maybe I just needed to get some air,” he whispered.
“How exactly are we gonna deal with this?” Sam piped up. “Because, Steve. The Chief of the NYPD? I know we’ve taken on a lot of challenges before, but this….we’re in over our heads.”
Steve froze, his blood curdling in his veins. “I knew it,” Steve said, mostly to himself. I knew it, even though JARVIS told me- ”
But it never came.
But Tony was shaking his head, pulling back from Steve’s embrace. “Haven’t I already?" he asked. "God, look at what happened today. And earlier this week, Clint snagged my coffee and I wanted to
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve chuckled.
“You don’t think I know that?” the other man hissed. “If The Captain hasn’t gotten a hold of our plans yet, how long before he gets them with Stark on his ally list?!”
“Bullshit. You were only trying to protect yourself.”
As much as it pained him, Bucky could understand that. As tantalizing as it was to just take his family and run, there was no way that they could do it forever. It wasn’t the same as hiding in a dumpster from some beat cop, this was the FBI. And for as powerful as Tony was, there was no way he could keep them at bay and protect the rest of them at the same time. It didn’t matter how long they could hold out; all roads would eventually lead to a super max.
Blue eyes bored right into Tony’s brown. It was a way he’d never seen Steve look at him before. Steve always manage to keep him on his toes, going as far as getting Tony to blush as he was gazed at with an artist’s appreciation, but this was different. It was a more intense, a certain finality to it. Tony shivered but didn’t dare look away.
"Negative, I have no transport. I need a pick up," Tony answered, eyes darting around his surroundings to make sure no one came upon him and the downed jogger.
He’s still a soldier. He has PTSD. He has mind numbing nightmares that terrorize his mind at night. Sometimes he gets too caught up in the new century and gets overwhelmed, the futuristic time nothing but a crushing weight on his chest. And then there was that time that he thought he had lost Tony forever.
Tony wanted nothing more than to find his way back to his rickety speakeasy. He wanted to trip over muddy boots and discarded guns as he walked down the stairs. He wanted to wake up to the smell of Bruce’s tea or even Thor’s booming voice on his quest for Poptarts. He wanted to hear Clint’s bad jokes, Sam’s disgruntled bickering, Natasha’s quiet judgement. Hell, he’d even take Bucky tapping a forgotten melody with his metal fingers against the table. But mostly he just wanted Steve. Steve’s eyes, glowing even without any light. His smile, especially the ones he fights to keep down as he tries not to laugh at something inappropriate. His furrowed brow, making him look like a kicked puppy as he tries to maneuver Tony’s miscellaneous tech. His hands running through Tony’s hair. His feet falling into step besides Tony. His larger frame brushing against his as they passed each other in the hallway. His voice, a masterpiece of soft lullabies and crashing crescendos. He wanted Steve.
Tony thought of the glass case that was now sitting down in his lab. The one that was currently housing his old arc reactor. When he’d stumbled onto the package while he was waiting for Steve to return home,
“Tony- ”
Steve tuned out the other man’s grumbling, his super hearing listening in. His ears quickly zoned  on a few faint sounds from behind the back wall. Curiosity getting the best of him, Steve traversed to the back wall, placing an ear against the cold cement wall.
see a toaster?”
Tony shot the man a dirty stare, but otherwise didn’t respond. Steve looked back at Fury, pondering the correct thing to say. He had to tread lightly.
Barton scoffed. “Well I’m sorry to say that foot soldiers like you aren’t always kept in the loop. Which, speaking of,
What the hell was he going to do? How long had the information already been gone?
“Yes, quite the cockroach, aren’t you?”
As if no one was ever there.
He shot two bullets into Natasha, who was caught by a stunned Wilson. Delmar could see the open betrayal on Wilson’s face, as he started to push down onto Romanoff’s wounds. “BARTON?!”
“Nothing. You’re gonna start lying to the kids, now? Fine. Not like I can stop you. You do what you what anyway.”
“I don’t think he’s ever been,” Natasha said. “I just know he just likes the idea of it, and that’s enough for him.”
“Said videos may or may not have been old pornos,” Tony snickered. “You should have seen those ladies faces when Steve handed them over.”
Steve shot him a sympathetic look. “You missed a few things when you were gone.”
“Yes, it’s just been confirmed.”
“Look what happened to the SSR,” Steve shrugged. “We were in everyone’s pockets, and they were in all of ours. But we got too big, cast out too far. We couldn’t see what was happening right in front of us, couldn’t see the huge targets that we had painted on our backs. They all died. And I won’t – I
Steve and Bucky followed Tony through the lengthy hall and down a winding staircase. As they walked down, Steve’s eyes darted everywhere, taking in the new area. While he’d never been down there personally, Steve had seen Tony sneak down there a couple of times, murmuring something about a lab.
Firemen and police were scrambling into action, trying to push frantic citizens farther from the bomb site.
10:01 a.m.
“Tony,” Steve tried to placate. “You’re just a civilian. The Commandos fight as a single unit. We can’t have you out there to- ”
A punch along Tony’s jaw sent him reeling. The Captain grabbed him by the lapels of his suit and dragged Tony close to his face. “This is bigger than you, than
not okay, on many levels.”
“Steve,” Bucky tried again.
Steve ignored Clint’s attempt at a joke. “Anything missing?”
Time slowed.
he said. God only knows why I listened to him; it killed me every time he’d come back in like he’d walked through hell himself. It wasn’t until a few months later when the guy chased Cap into the street and started wailing on him right out in the open. But then the cops showed up, arrested the man. Turns out, the guy was a felon on house arrest. As soon as he stepped outside, he broke through the radius on his ankle bracelet and that got him sent to jail. I remember asking him why he did it, how he knew. Captain said he wasn’t good to his family. The guy beat his wife. Kids too. The cops didn’t know that when they put him on house arrest. But Cap found out. He let the guy beat the shit out of him for months to keep him away from his family, egging him on until he got angry enough to step outside and break his parole. I never questioned him again. Because it doesn’t matter if I agree with him, or I think his plan is stupid. It doesn’t matter. Because I trust him. I trust that he knows what the hell he’s doing, and that he’ll get the job done. He hasn’t let any of us down yet; I know he never will. So, no. We’re not going. Because no matter how mad he makes me, or how I feel about his stupid ass decisions, I’m gonna stand by that man to the end of the line. Even you should be able to respect that.”
“Traitor,” Tony frowned, watching as Thor burst through the door.
“I’m alright,” he answered. It was partially true. He liked to pride himself on being one of the most collected in their group. He’d always been one to roll with the punches and deal with the odds that God had given him. Sure, it had been more difficult since throwing his chips in with The Commandos, but he still wouldn’t change a thing. In reality, Sam spent most of his time of his exile in paradise worrying about the others. If they were all alright, how they were managing day to day. It gave him something to do, instead of having to face his own problems. Gave him a reason to get up and fight.
“Clint. We’re going to do a sweep. If they see you, I’m going to have to bring you in.
“So tell me, why does The Captain want to meet with me?” Tony watched as the blonde rubbed a hand through his hair, before sitting back down in front of Tony.
He had found him. It wasn’t Clint, it was Tony Stark, the third man.
“Just the two of us?” Steve pushed, frown echoing Bucky’s. What was Tony trying to say? It wouldn’t be the first time that Tony has gone overboard with a gift – and it most certainly won’t be the last – but “
"I'll do what I always do. I'm a business man, Captain. I'm gonna fake it till I make it; get my way out of this with a deal. In fact," Tony eyed the Captain, "I'm sure HYDRA would get off my tail if I brought them you."
Pierce sighed, knowing that yet again, The Monger was right. He had put more men out recently after the Rumlow debacle to try and keep up with The Captain and Stark again, even to try and look into the other members, but to no avail. The Captain was keeping them close. “For how long?” he asked, rubbing at his aching temple.
So if getting shot was what it takes to get back in the game, why not? It’s not like he hadn’t done anything worse to get less, and Tony’s always been one for the dramatic flair. Tony couldn’t help but silently preen whenever The Captain shot him some guilt ridden faces as he helped him back to their base. It was almost comical how wide his eyes were, the poor man twitching at every small groan Tony made. Plus, Tony was almost positive that he would have gotten a hard on when the man picked him up like he weighed nothing. That is, if it weren’t from the blood loss that he was experiencing at the time.
“Relax,” Steve’s voice tickled his ear.
“Coulson’s with you?!”
stood alone. It wasn’t a warning; it was a signature. That’s why Clint couldn’t find them. They were using code names; they probably hadn’t used their real names in years, and if they had, they’ve long since deleted them from existence.
At least Steve’s robot theory had been disproved; Tony Stark does in fact, sleep.
“He has a knack for keeping your ass in line,” Tony shrugged.
“Christine,” she corrected sourly.
As always, it was the heat that woke him. Cloying and sticky, weighing over him like a blanket. It wasn’t as if New York hadn’t had its blazing days; he could still remember spending most of his childhood summers cooking on the asphalt next to Steve. But here, it was like the humidity had the whole state in a chokehold.
“If Steve won’t talk, then Tony is the only one who knows what happened there. We need to find him,” said Clint.
Bucky had been furious, livid with Tony in a way that he hadn’t been since he first met the man. How could he act that way, how could he just
“A key,” Tony deadpanned.
Tony was cut off by Pepper dumping a cup on cold water on him.
“Then finish this,” snapped Yinsen, shoving the computer towards him, before running over and taking one of the fallen guards gun. “I’ll buy you some time.” And with that, Yinsen sped out of the room, shouting and shooting down the hallway.
Stark was right; Steve needed him.
Pietro snorted. “You call that a discussion?”
There was a tense silence, before Fury started to laugh. “I like you, Romanoff,” he said, finger pointing at her. “Fine,” he continued. “Fair’s fair. You can come with me.”
“Stark? Tony?”
Steve smiled fondly. “Weren’t you listening? Hill laid it out fairly clear.”
Tony smirked.
Tony’s heart was pounding. “Why does that matter?”
in a blink of an eye. Or in Schmidt's case, in the firing of a gun.
“Wanda, he’s not a bad guy- ”
“I know.”
And that’s when he saw it. A vintage bowler hat.
“Fury.” That single word stopped Tony in his tracks, his brain already whizzing back to a previous conversation that he had with Steve. “Listen,” Steve continued. “I can’t imagine what this is like for you, and if you tell me you want to go and kill him right now, I’ll drive you there, but just maybe…” he trailed off.
Clint rolled his eyes, hunkering back down into his bed. “Seriously. Why are you here?”
“How is this about me now?”
Steve smiled sadly. “As soon as I know, I’ll let you know.”
“Deal?” Anger roared inside him. “Obie, I told you, I fucking told you. What did they owe you? Why do this?”
Fury held up a hand to cut him off. “I know who you are.”
My ma used to sing to me whenever I was sick. That’s when I knew. It was me.”
“Steve.”
Bucky looked down, looking as empty as Steve had ever seen him. For the second time, a good friend tore out of his grasp coldly, and stomped away. Steve could only pray that they would forgive him.
-------------------------
“Good God, are those cargo shorts?”
1. Nicholas Beattie - Limbo
that stare said.
Everything that he’d tried to bar himself away from, everything that his father had warned him of was sitting in his lap. It was like playing with fire – the love he felt for Steve was ever growing, pulsing strongly. The flames were beautiful and entrancing, and Tony knew that he would never want to look away from them. But love was dangerous and uncontrollable. If he got too close, how badly would he get burned?
“No, no we’re not,” Steve agreed.
“Oh, God,” Pepper whispered under her breath. “Is this safe?” she asked, looking back up at Tony.
FRIDAY put through the call, only to hear a hysterical Pepper Potts. “Tony?! What the hell are you doing up there?!”
So, who knows what the hell he was supposed to do. He's almost sure what he wants to do, so that will have to do for now. He always did have a shit preservation instinct anyway.
Barned hummed. “Maybe. But who gives a shit now? Howard’s been dead for years and it’s like you’re still trying to impress the man.”
“Take a seat, Nick. I heard you had a meeting with Stark today. How’d that go?”
“Don’t worry about me, Phil,” Clint retorted. “Just get that work done. You, Sir, owe me a steak dinner.”
Steve shook his head. “Pierce wouldn’t leave these files unprotected.”
“He’s not the only one,” Steve breathed. “I want everyone available looking for him.” Steve groaned, rubbing at his forehead. “This wouldn’t have happened if I- ”
“Maybe you don’t know me very well.”
Clint snorted. “Like I’d let the cops catch me.”
“It’s a legitimate question!”
“I don’t want to hear it,” he said, cutting Steve off. “I already heard enough from Phil.” God, the amount of time he griped to Clint about ruining
This was what they needed. Hammer would have the answers they were looking for; he could get them HYDRA. And maybe letting Tony have at the man for a few hours would out Steve back in his good graces.
He found him in the kitchen, staring at the coffee machine release the final drips of his morning coffee. Steve watched as Tony brought the liquid up to his nose and breathed deep, eyes fluttering shut in satisfaction. He then took a large gulp, a soft moan echoing in his chest in satisfaction. Leave it to Tony Stark to make such a mundane routine erotic.
Stark gave a hollow laugh. “You’re really just a Hallmark card aren’t you? Actually, no. You’re more like one of those motivational posters. You know, the ones with the cat hanging in the tree? Except ‘hanging in there’ for you is defeating a rival mob instead of staying in school.”
“Speaking of which.” Pepper turned back to the building, when
Steve ignored him, eyes tracking over the man's body instead, looking at what he was up against.
Steve had no one to blame but himself, really. He knew how dangerous Stark was, but Steve being Steve, had rushed in head first with dripping confidence that The Captain could take on one measly business man.
Steve gave the man a long look before snapping the club in half, ignoring the offended squawk that followed. “It’s times like this that I think I miss the ice.”
was the word he used.
Without waiting for a response, Clint jogged out of his room to the front door.
Pepper leaned forward. “Tony never shows anyone the speakeasy.
It was the first time they’d been alone in days – they’d only managed to find time as Tony had basically dragged him into his office to talk. In the days following Stane’s unannounced arrival, the team had been a sporadic mess, trying desperately to get some foothold of a lead on HYDRA. Natasha had hit the streets to see if her contacts knew anything about The Monger, Steve and Bucky had locked themselves in the basement to try, unsuccessfully, to get any more info out of their remaining prisoners. Even Barton had gone out to see the twins. All the while, Tony was either sequestered to his lab with Bruce to find something that would keep Stane happy, or he was being whisked away by Pepper to try and put out the fires that SI’s recent statements had made.
Steve gave him the biggest smile he could muster up. “Hey, Shellhead,” Steve whispered fondly.
Tony liked to think he still had some part of a moral compass left. Sure, he dealt with some mobs, but he’s never made the full leap to dealer. It was too risky. Tony had his government contracts to protect him, but they could only do so much. Fury was already poking around; if Tony starts dealing with the other half of New York, how long until he finds himself behind a cell? All that extra money he would make would do him no good when he finds himself posted with no bail.
It was a long while before he pulled away. She heard him sniffle quietly. “It’s good to see you.”
Of course it was just the cherry on top when fucking Captain America flung himself into the building.
Darkness.
Sam just flipped him off and pulled away, turning left and disappearing into the night.
"You," replied Steve grimly. "You're the only connection between each of the attacks. They're after you, Tony."
“Tony.”
“You need to calm down before you do something stupid,” Sam replied evenly.
“Sir, you have another call- ”
what was happening in the basement was due to him, was
Steve shot her another searching look, trying to decipher her. “Is that what you think? Did we make the wrong call here?”
“I promise I’ll slow up, Dad,” Pietro pleaded. “I’ll only be the best by a tiny bit!”
“Wanda,” he smiled in return.
“No, but if I get dead rodent on these shoes, you will personally see to it that they are replaced, plus interest.”
Clint looked back up at Phil’s eyes. “Wha- no. No, I need to be here. What if you find- ”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Remind me, what were we just talking about?”
“I love you, too.”
Tony sighed into the familiar touch. “What are you doing in Barton’s room?”
“We don’t talk about Vienna,” Steve replied.
The door stood slightly ajar, the light pouring out onto the floor. Steve hadn’t been in his office when he left. He was in the gym.
Steve stared down at Clint, the archer barely recognizable with his crumpled outfit and tired, dead eyes. “The ice bullet theory? Yea, that’s it.”
He was about to call it quits when a man came stumbling out of the back alley, his right leg dragging behind him, both arms wrapped securely around his chest. The man began to limp towards Drumm, a small line of blood followed behind him, like a trail of bread crumbs.
It didn’t take Steve long to figure out that Clint had the same mindset as Tony; the whole ‘I’m just going to put on a front so no one can see how worthless I feel’ thing. Steve always makes sure he tells Tony that he loves him every day, stealing kittle kisses, making him blush. Anything to convey to Tony that he was everything to Steve. Of course, Steve had attempted before they were even together. Whether it be listening to Tony ramble on for hours about things Steve couldn’t possibly understand, make sure Tony’s opinion was heard at team meetings (no matter how outlandish).
There was no reason why they were waiting on this. They were all there for the taking! With the chance of wiping out both The Commandos and Tony Stark, there was no time to dawdle.
Steve smiled at the retreating man. “Goodnight, Tony.”
He heard Clint utter a “yes, Mother,” but Bucky didn’t turn back. His shoes trumped through the snow as the harsh New York wind nipped at his neck. Bucky could only hope that Steve didn’t look out the window to see the tracks he left through the snow. It was already tense enough between the two of them; the last thing Bucky needed as Steve tearing him a new one yet again because he left the building. Hell, it was frustrating enough he couldn’t call Steve out for doing the same thing.
do it again.
“What are you saying?” Bucky dared to ask.
“Of course,” she replied. “There’s an east entrance right over there,” she added with a point of her fingers. “I’ll take two of my men through there, while you and Barnes head through the back, accompanied by one of my own.”
Pepper furrowed her brow. “Something tells me that you can’t buy The Captain off.”
“And he had quite the story to tell,” Tony grinned. “I find it odd, your choice of words today. Odd that you’re so quick to celebrate me falling to my knees and crawling back to you for information, when I hear that you’ve been doing the exact same thing.”
And now look what he’s done. Steve could only pray that he could make this right. He knew that Tony would forgive him, but that just sickened him further. That Tony would always be so willing to forgive him, so willing to love him, after everything he’d done. He didn’t deserve any of it.
He reached back for the bread, but miscalculated, sending the loaf off the island down to the floor, landing with a small thump.
What really got under Tony’s skin was how successful Asgard was. It wasn’t like their products were compete shit like Hammer’s, but it was just
Steve continued. “You got a plan?”
“Please, Tony. Let’s go home.”
I took a step back, took some time off, but I'm back now. I can't promise the same weekly updates as I am just getting back in the swing of things, but I can promise that I will not be giving up on this work.
A firm squeeze on his shoulder.
Stane laughed as they pulled away, walking back down the hall. "Wait!" he heard Loki call out, his face pressed against the cell. "I'll tell you everything! Anything you want to know!"
Steve clenched his jaw. “We’ve got over thirty people working on this and you’re telling me all we have is some half assed conspiracy theory?”
Coulson just gave him a sad look. “Why didn’t you come home?” he asked softly.
But that’s life. It didn’t matter what happened, the world would still turn. Why not just buck up and turn with it?
“Mr. Stark,” he smiled softly.
Tony had tried every avenue that he could think of, even going so far as hacking into the CIA –
and then you ate them.”
“What does he want?” Tony asked him.
“I was hoping you would be able to tell me.”
Tony pushed Steve out of the sitting room. He was about to charge back in when he stopped himself. Looking around, Steve saw pieces of furniture floating in the air, Maria Hill rising up as well.
“Come on, let me see.” Tony removed the bag of peas, wincing as he felt Pepper’s dainty fingers skim over the tender skin. “Happy has been looking everywhere for you. We couldn’t locate you through the tracker, so I just assumed you turned it off to go on a bender.”
Which is how he found himself walking down to the expansive cellar, down the dimly lit hallway to reach the set of rooms they’d set aside as cells. While Steve didn’t know exactly where Bucky was, he let the muffled groans and fists hitting skin lead the way.
At some point yesterday, Steve exited his office to slip in a few hours in the gym. The sight that he was met with, however, was one that Steve would remember forever. Tony was passed out in front of his computers, the blueish tint playing out over his tanned skin. Ever since Tony had been bunking at their base, he had forgone his usual suits for old t-shirts and track pants, all with an almost constant state of bedhead, somehow making him look even more appealing. The smaller man was hunched over the desk in an almost impossible position, deep and even breaths a comfort to Steve’s ears. Steve had never seen Tony so relaxed, his face loose, calm, and wrinkle free. Steve was also pleased to see outlines of defined muscles that were usually hidden under the man’s suits, even eyeing a patch of skin than shown in the computer light from where Tony’s shirt had ridden up. The best part, however, was seeing Tony’s face smashed against the papers he was working with, drool dripping down onto them slowly. Steve couldn’t resist getting his sketch book right then and there.
“What could Loki possibly have to offer Steve?”
Jarvis had admitted softly.
“Steve? Steve, buddy, you with me?”
Tony watched as his husband finally slipped back into the dining room, his eyes going wide at the no doubt ridiculous scene that lay in front of him.
Tony looked unsure, but nodded along anyway. “Go get the car ready,” Steve said, turning to Natasha. “I’ll be down in a second.”
Steve paused, his brow furrowing. “You sure?”
The elevator doors opened with a small ding. Pepper stepped in, before Nick stopped her. “I’m sorry, ma’am, is Mr. Stark in today?”
“Are you here just to harass my personal choices?”
Bucky had said.
Tony grabbed at his shirt, pulling it down slowly, his eyes focused on Steve’s expression.
Tony was cut off by a swift punch to his gut followed by a gun pressed to his temple.
“Dude, you’re like one bad haircut away from being the next Terminator,” Clint was saying.
Tony saw the man flinch but continued to hold his ground. He wasn’t about to sit idly by anymore; Tony had been lied too enough. “Answer me,” Tony hissed.
“Well, yeah, you know the benefit of having our own podcast is that we can make our own schedule. I mean, a bunch of popular ones have seasons and shit, and take time off for the holidays. And you know, we’re not exactly on the trending list, so if we wanted to take some time away from it, no one would mind.”
There were theories of course, of what The Captain would look like. Most followed the typical Hollywoodesque belief that he was some version of the Godfather, sitting in a dark room with a cigar, commanding his forces with a flick of his wrist.  There were even some that even thought that The Captain was not one person, but a whole network of people with eyes and ears everywhere.
“No,” Tony answered slowly. “We drove through the night after Sam’s, so if anything, we’re ahead of schedule- ”
Tony threw his hands up in surrender. “Steve,
“Shh,” Tony soothed. “It’s alright big guy.”
Steve frowned, looking over the photo. “Maybe one of them went rogue, taking out the rest of them?”
“Being a public figure, he can’t exactly go into hiding and stay there for too long,” Steve continued. “His company is in shambles, and he’s got to go pick up the pieces. I guess Fury wants him to take care of it, the sooner the better.”
were to name just a few. And Steve was going to drag Tony to all of them.
“Goddammit, Barnes, Steve isn’t here!”
that we need, is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
Steve felt himself drop his weapon, staring at Stark at disbelief. "Enough to believe me about my little problem?"
Tony guffawed, laughing louder when he saw Steve’s scowl. “And to think I thought today was going to suck.” To his dismay, Steve had thought Bucky had been joking when he showed Steve the golf club. But what the history books won’t tell you, was that James Barnes was much more stubborn than Steve was.
It wasn’t long before heroes all over were plastered all over the papers. And not for the usual reasons.
Another dead end.
“Steve, I- ”
," he hissed, cupping the irritated flesh.
A whining noise sliced through the air, a bright light burning into his retinas before a body came barreling around the corner from where they were currently taking cover.
Steve scoffed, dropping back down onto the bench, warm water splashing around the pair. “There it is,” he muttered, shaking his head back and forth, smile still plastered on his face.
Tony looked to where Steve had stomped off.
“Yeah, I’m gonna say no on this one.”
“There’s a chance,” she frowned. “But that’s where you can be of use. As soon as it happens, you’ll have a very short window. Get out and warn the others. Run.”
But he’d kept his promise. He came back from his first tour relatively unscathed. He even went back for a second, ending seemingly more uneventful than the first. He went and came back, each time a little more rugged than before, but he was still able to keep a smile on his face whilst at home. He kept his promise.
“Here,” Steve said, shuffling close enough to Bucky to stuff a grenade in his pocket. Bucky’s hand quickly replaced his, no doubt trying to distinguish the object. “We follow along until we find the files. Then, we’re going to improvise.”
Without thinking twice, Clint brought his hands up to his mouth and blew, a broken bird call sounding through the alleyway.
I'm going to be leaving the country for a while. Ergo, I won't be able to post until June 5th (three Sunday's from now). Oops?
“Nope,” answered Sam, mouth popping as he finished.
Steve nodded, rubbing at his eyes. “Yeah,” he agreed.
He could see the hole in front of him, the huge gap right down the street. A hand reached out, yanking him to a halt. “Think this through,” Bucky snapped in his ear. “The hole is crawling with cops. They’re not going to let you down there.”
The blonde frowned, looking at his hands. She’d caught him doing it many times. It was if he was looking down at all of the weight he carried around with him, unsure of what to do with it. “I feel guilty,” he admitted.
. Suddenly, Steve was back in the ice, but this time, he was on the other side, watching as Tony screamed, his mouth open side at is searched for air. There was no time to think anymore. Steve didn’t care.
“Well, if you’ve got any ideas, don’t keep them to yourself.”
“Listen, lady,” Bucky interrupted. “I’m sure you’re very good at your job. But so are we. We’ve been dealing with HYDRA the longest; they didn’t get to where they are today without being precautious. You may be right, but so is Cap. Pierce wouldn’t rely on just the NYPD security measures.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice was ever so faint, the man no doubt waiting by the back door for him.
“Camping.”
Steve chuckled, the weight sitting on his chest lessening. “You’re a madman,” he chided.
“No, you don’t,” Steve chided.
Pierce tugged away, hands gently pressing down at his now wrinkled suit. “Well, I’m not going to say no.”
At the time, Steve had smiled sadly, replying a simple,
“Thank you, Sam. It means a lot.”
These thoughts plagued him the rest of the drive, amounting to a throbbing migraine by the time Steve was easing off the highway and onto rural roads. Even though it had been ages since he’d been able to check up on this one, he still knew the road like the back of his hand, his eyes easily finding the familiar surroundings of the nearby terrain.
Steve was stronger now, he was better now. He wouldn’t sit idly by and let HYDRA destroy the family he had left.
“Exactly. Because the power was out. Why is it that the power would be out in one of the most technologically advanced building on the eastern seaboard?”
Danowitz squealed in response. “Oh, it’s a shame you all can’t stay, but don’t you worry. The girls and I will take good care of him.” She cast a final heated look towards Bucky. “I’ll see you tonight. Seven o’clock, don’t be late!”
“The kidnappers,” answered Bucky. “They must have wanted time before Stark’s disappearance went public. Maybe they had to move him somewhere more secure.”
Clint rolled his eyes, jumping up from the chair. “Oh that’s rich. I already know that I’m the weakest link on the team. If I had told you guys about this, you wouldn’t hesitate to send me packing. You don’t have to lie to me.”
Even days after the attack, Steve and his men were still left picking up the pieces. Clint had been out trying to round everyone up, slowly trying to knit The Commandos back together. It wasn’t going smoothly, however, as it seemed over half of their organization was still missing. Even Natasha. Normally, Steve wouldn’t worry; it wasn't as if they didn't know how to take care of themselves. But with the threat of HYDRA, Steve wanted nothing more than all of his people under one roof again. He needed to make sure he wasn't responsible for any more deaths; he couldn't bear the thought of more of his family's blood on his hands.
There were hands on him, pulling, scratching, taking him away.
he thought. And they were already behind. He'd been so naive,
“They won’t find him.”
“But I can’t pay for this!” the elderly woman nearly wailed.
“Pierce,” Fury interjected. “You’re not getting out of this one. You’re surrounded.”
Tony froze, gaping at the other man. Since when did Obie ever get his hands dirty? “Obie, what the hell?”
Bucky wanted nothing more than to run back inside, grab his friend by the shoulders and try to shake some sense into him. But he couldn’t. Telling Steve that they all knew about his secret meetings with Loki would only lead to bad news. They had the upper hand; they could keep Steve safe as well as keeping Steve from feeling betrayed that he was meeting with Stark.
century, not some cheesy 1940’s Al Capone reenactment! You can’t rely on just your fists anymore. You see, it’s not about having the bigger guns, it’s about having the
Clint was off before she could finish, charging into the building.
“What if I need to see that everyone’s okay?” Bucky questioned.
“Not in the way you’re thinking.”
“I didn’t know you we’re alive, Phil!” Tony shouted. “This changes things. Trust me, I can get you out of this.”
Where’d you hear that one?”
Steve pointed behind his friend. “What the hell is that?”
Pepper frowned at his smile, the same hand that had dug just into skin now coming up to gently cradle his neck. “What’s wrong?”
Raza nodded, gesturing to the side of his head.
“You need better monologues.”
Checking to make sure his attacker was dead, Tony pulled the blonde man up to his porch.
Steve opted to park the car and continue on foot. Before leaving the car completely, Steve walked back to the trunk, opening it to reveal his shield. The star blazoned in the middle shown bright as it reflected in the sun, the weight a familiar comfort as Steve strapped it across his back. The police had created a perimeter after the bus robbery, so there were only a few square blocks for the crook to have gone. The sun itself was barely setting when Steve managed to stumble across the criminal on the roof of an office building.
under his breath and grabbed his card out of the reader before just walking away, leaving his unpaid and bagged groceries behind. He could hear a few rude remarks and shouts follow him on the way out, but he ignored them, stepping out of the store and onto the street.
He didn’t know he was already too late.
to fix this.
“Tell me what to do,” Tony said miserably. “Tell me how to fix this.”
He could argue that Tony didn’t trust him, that he made a decision for the entire group and tossed Coulson aside. But he could also argue that decision was made for the safety of the majority of the family.
-------------------------
Yinsen scrambled over to him fearfully, tugging at his robe. “Get up, get up,” he hissed.
“We should wait until Coulson gets here,” said Bucky. “If anyone will know anything, it’s him.”
“Oh, God, Stevie’s gonna kill me,” Barnes whined behind him. Tony tried not to pay attention, but even he couldn’t ignore the ringing of his own phone. He looked over to where he had it sitting on the lab bench and looked back at Barnes, jerking his head back towards the ringing device, giving his permission for the other man to answer.
Tony shrugged. “I guess you make a good point. You’ll be dead soon anyway, learning your name would probably just waste my brain cells.”
Steve – it was like I was a teenager again, high on every drug known to man!” He broke off suddenly, drawing himself out of the happy memory. “But I get angry a lot more. Just little things, things that wouldn’t have even fucking bugged me before but it’s all I can think about. I’m so fucking angry all the time and it makes me just want to hit something and I- ” he sighed again.
“The hell I can’t,” Clint snapped back. He easily avoided the firemen trying to block his path, running into the building.
“Hell if I know,” Steve replied. He reached down and tapped at Bucky’s shoulder. He released Tony only to replace it with Steve’s fingers, wetting them liberally. Tony continued to writhe under him, Bucky continuing his ministrations with his hands as he sighed around Steve’s fingers, taking them deeper.
Clint paused, fist raised to deliver another blow. He looked closer at the man trapped underneath him. Tony Stark looked up at him blearily, hands wiping at his eyes.
Steve felt Tony cry into his shoulder. The plan was less than optimal, but it was the only way to keep Tony safe.
“They’ll stop you,” Steve uttered. “They’re stronger than you, stronger than me. I have faith.”
“Maybe I did,” Loki snarled back. “Maybe I was curious to see if you’d actually forgotten about our little partnership. After all, you left me to fend for myself against The Captain’s mutts. I was their captive for months!”
Sam heard Steve shuffling nervously next to him. “I’m sorry we can’t stay.” The blonde paused. “I’m sorry for a lot of things.”
“I am going to kill you,” Tony hissed.
“I’ll be alright,” Tony replied without hesitation.
“Ugh, fine!” The smaller man drew a hand through his hand and yanked at the ends violently. “Fine, just,” he sighed deeply again. “Just not here. You know I love a good scandal darling, but we’re in public, and- ”
They walked back up the stairs, heading out of the warehouse. A chirp from Tony’s phone pulled at the engineer’s attention.
Steve smiled. “Well, just know the option is always there.”
Phil swallowed, holding back tears. “Sorry, Sir. But you’ll get nothing out of me.”
“Of course.”
Time to get to work.
Steve was never one to admit that it was actually fun, exciting even, but now, he couldn’t imagine going a week without it.
to go and fuck himself. Who does he think he- ”
So of course Rhodey was at the meeting, winning over the last few skeptical parties for today's deal. He was always better at sweet talking the brass than Tony was.
As incompetent as Steve thought the average policeman was, there were still many times that Steve found himself relying on them. With them being on the right side of the law, they had access to to things that Steve couldn't even get a hold of. A high profile client such as Tony Stark would have the NYPD scrambling to put their best men on the case - this could even venture into FBI territory. And Steve depended on it.
“JARVIS, messages,” he groaned, rubbing a hand over his tired face.
“Of course. Steve, I- ”
Barnes sighed. “Listen, I can understand that you’re pissed. But you can’t blame Steve for what your father did or didn’t do.”
“And yesterday?” Tony laughed. “Jesus, Steve, you about fucked me through the pantry when you saw what I can do now. But hey, at least I have enough stamina to keep up with you too, now. Small mercies, I guess.”
“Hammer,” Thor answered with disdain. “And a few other men we found on the grounds, cowering in fear like their boss.”
Steve knew that he would never not be in awe of how brilliant Tony really was. He had lost count of all the times that he’d sat next to him, soaking up his genius like a wet sponge, wishing he could catch just a single glimpse into his brain, imagining how he would see an endless cycle of ingenuity, the neurons firing like pistons at Mach speed. Getting frustrated that he could never see the world the way that Tony could.
But the man had refused.
Amand’s brother, Kurt. He recalled staring back into those lifeless eyes, unable to tear himself away. He also remembered looking down at the uniform. He wasn’t a Nazi. He had just killed a regular German soldier. He could have been innocent for all Steve knew.
He landed with a thud, the harsh jump pushing the air for Steve’s lungs. He groaned as he felt his right knee landed the wrong way on some debris.
There was no time to sit idly by. HYDRA wouldn’t escape his grasp again.
“And how do you suppose we do that?”
“The Wrecking Crew,” Steve replied. “We might still be able to nab them if we set a perimeter.”
Stark gaped at the man. “Wow, what serv-
But the other man was already gone, slipping quickly through the open door.
Loki pushed away from the wall, stalking over to Steve. “HYDRA has you between a rock and a hard place. They've scattered your warriors and removed your allies. Why do you think they haven’t struck yet? You’re weak, vulnerable, but yet they haven’t made another move. Want to know why? Because they’re waiting for you to choose.”
Steve stuttered to a halt watching as the gurney finally slipped away from him, his body freezing over more quickly than when he’d crashed into the Arctic.
It was in New Mexico, both Asgard and Stark Industries both one of the many companies that attended a large expo. Tony was still at MIT, his young gawky body still trying to fill out, but his mind already carrying as much arrogance and venom as his father, who he attended the expo with. It was the first time he had ever met Thor, the already huge teen bulking besides his own father, screaming with pride and foolishness.
Steve jolted, finally taking into the pair of hands that were shaking harshly on his shoulders. A hand moved from his arm, pushing Steve’s head until he was met with a familiar set of kind eyes. “Bruce,” Steve managed to breathe out.
“How many was it this time?” Tony drawled, this time at Steve.
if he was too late, if Tony had shouldered the whole burden… Steve didn’t know what he would do. Get on his knees and plead with the Commissioner to take him instead? Kill him?
More often, his endless nights were littered with Steve then with him, making Tony absolutely terrified. Steve, as strong as he made Tony feel, was his weakness. If anything were to ever happen to him, Tony would never forgive himself.
But Clint only shook his head. “No.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he finally looked at Fury. Tony had been more than descriptive of the man – well, mostly about his eyepatch, but it was Tony, so that was hardly surprising. And while the eyepatch did offer a certain malice, it was the rest of his face that left Steve uneasy. Fury’s face was hardened, much like Hill’s, but instead of the blank slate his Number 2 wore, his showed one that was blatantly unimpressed. By the age lines that flowed with the expression, Steve guessed it was a face that he worse often. His eye that wasn’t covered was darker than his skin but was still mesmerizing as it caught Steve’s gaze. It was piercing, intelligent. It reminded Steve of a movie Tony made him sit through; that burning eye in a tower, always watching.
Tony snorted into his mouth but was otherwise happy enough to let Steve kiss him senseless. When Steve pulled away, he didn’t move far, opting to nuzzle into Tony’s soft trusses, still damp from the shower. “You showered without me,” he pouted. Steve had caught a glimpse of Tony’s idea of a shower last night, his head unable to stop and think of all the pleasant possibilities it could provide.
“Right, of course. Sorry, Sir. Well, it’s just that I saw him. Today.”
What makes The Captain so terrifying is that with everything people have heard about the guy, no one knows anything about him. No one has any clue what he looks like, no idea how many Commandos are out there.
“Stevie’s not gonna like this,” Barnes continued, almost nervously.
“I still see you’re using that worthless hunk of metal as a weapon,” Rumlow snorted, looking down at Steve’s shield.
he thought to himself, feeling his cheeks start to heat.
Steve's world stopped.
Fin. Finally, fin.
“What are you talking about?”
Tony snorted. “Figures. We take down worldly powers every month but leave it to the Average Joe’s to take us down.”
Obie huffed, pouring himself another drink.
“Coulson,” Bucky managed to croak out. "They shot him."
Tony sighed. “I guess.”
Tony scowled back at Clint. “Oh, of course. God forbid you would want to find you. It’s not like you have a family or anything.”
“No,” Tony mumbled through half-lidded eyes.
“What are they saying?” asked Bucky.
Barnes stood up again, staring Tony down. “Cap said to stay here, so we’re staying here.”
“Barnes?” Rhodey asked.
He wasn’t sure why he did this, checking the bed each morning. Tony had been at his safe house for almost a month – Steve hadn’t shown any of the previous days, there was no reason as to why he’d be in bed today.
Mrs. Hogenson scribbled madly on the paper in front of her, jotting every note down. Upon finishing, she uttered, “Why thank you, young man.” Steve shushed her before anyone could hear, standing up to shoo her out of the office.
Stark shrugged. “If you need to tell them that you needed to blackmail me into coming back, that’s fine. I don’t care.”
Steve's voice sounded off right next to him, causing him to jump. There was no way he could have been that close unless he was stalking the outside of the room like a worried mother.
“I wish, my friend,” Thor replied solemnly. “It wasn’t about that. It’s about Loki.”
Steve hummed in agreement, walking over to the window that the pair must have slipped through. “Really, Sam, you should consider getting better locks. This is a tough neighborhood.”
Clint all but collapsed at the sound of that voice. A voice that he thought he would never hear again. Clint almost cried.
“Clint, listen to me. I found them.”
Natasha took a deep breath before charging into the room. Her hands were almost on autopilot, the gun moving from target to target, dropping the armed guards around Pierce before any of them could react. After the third body hit the floor Natasha paused, slinking over in front of Pierce, gun trained on the back of his head.
always watching, always calculating. He liked to imagine that Natasha played out an entire conversation in her head, even before she’s said the first word, playing out each possibility and tailoring her language until she got the result she wanted. Asking questions she already knew the answer too, making idle observations only to push and prod into her trap. It reminded him of a poem his mother used to read him.
“I, uh, actually require your services,” Tony interrupted. With the other two men giving him a confused look, Tony continued. “Come on, Barnes, you’re gonna love it.”
His response only caused Stark to grin wider. “Ooh, I like you. Can I keep him?” Stark looked to his left, staring at Steve, who had been failing to hide his annoyed face in his hands. Clint frowned, narrowing his eyes at the outsider. Being his first real conversation with the man, it was going just as well as he thought it would. In the weeks since the birth of their tentative work relationship, Steve had handled most of the interactions with Stark. It was difficult letting Steve walk about and about with HYDRA's ranks rising, but Clint knew that the only reason Steve agreed to keep having these outside meetings was to keep Stark away from the family. Considering the last two times Stark visited ended with him pointing a gun at Wilson and a dead body, Clint agreed with him. Meeting outside the base, of course. Meeting and dealing with Stark in general? Now that, Clint had a few opinions on.
But that’s also why he never told them about his hearing problem. He was on a team with gods; literally, there is a god on their squad. Clint has no right to be running around with all of these A list heroes. He was a nobody.
"See anyone?" asked Bucky.
“Steve, there’s- ”
Steve’s eyes tracked all over Clint’s body, looking for potential injuries, frowning when he found a long cut on Clint's side. Always the mother hen. “Where the hell have you been?!”
“And isn’t that what you’ve already done?” Bucky questioned. “If Fury’s so smart, then how the hell did you get here without raising any red flags?”
Ignoring his lingering drowsiness, Bucky hopped out of bed and padded over to the bathroom, the cool tiles a small reprieve against his feet. He ambled straight over to the mirror and glared at his own reflection, hoping it would magically spill all the answers he was looking for. His hair brushed over his shoulders.
“Another explosion?!” Steve’s heart was pounding in his chest. “Is everyone alright?”
“Oh- um. Mr. Stark?”
in his head, clinging to the faint sliver of hope that the rest of them had made it out. He pulled back far enough to see Steve grin down at him. It was worth it.
Charging up the stairs, Steve held his breath and kept low to the ground, calling out every once in a while. While most of the patrons he found were unconscious, Steve was relieved to find that the worst injury looked to be a broken leg from falling debris.
The pounding continued. “Alright, Jesus, Steve. Calm down. I’m coming.”
“I don’t know when you had time to hit your head, Rogers. You don’t control me. I’m not some piece of ass you can just package up and save for a rainy day.”
He knew Bucky echoed his own predicament. He could feel the tension radiating off the other man, paired with the tapping of his metal fingers on the table, in time with the broken clock. The two men had their thighs pressed together, and about what Steve could assume was three days ago, he’d reached down and grabbed at Bucky’s leg to stop it from jerking; he’d been unable to move it since, now gripping it like a lifeline, feeling the heat from Bucky’s leg pool under his hand.
Phil tore his eyes away from Clint long enough to see the black car approaching.
time, and- ”
“We’re looking for his father too. Similar build, face, just with greyer hair.” Hill showed her a second picture that could have been a carbon copy of Steve.
Tony raced down the iron steps, jacket pressed firmly against his mouth as he tried to breathe through the smoke filled air. He could hear the support beams creak under the stress from the explosion, Adonis getting ready to finally give out from under the weight. Tony cursed; there wasn’t a lot of time before the whole building was coming down.
“If HYDRA had people waiting at the Pentagon, what’s to say they didn’t have people here,” Steve finished for her, flopping back against his seat.
Pepper sighed again. “If you’re sure.”
Tony carefully lowered the socket wrench. “Yep,” he tried to cover, mouth popping at the end of his answer. “Good idea, Cap.”
A long silence stretched between the two of them, before he heard Tony snort. "We're both a couple of fucking saps, you know that?"
This was bad.
Two two pulled into a crowded lot, parking Steve's bike, and walking towards the club. Steve glared over at Bucky, only to groan. “Oh come on, don’t do that here.” To his left, Bucky was smiling down into hand, watching himself levitate a quarter.
Steve raced up the aisle, his eyes only on Tony and shot the man his biggest smile. Steve was relieved when he saw Tony visibly relax, returning to Steve a blinding smile of his own. Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand immediately, threading his fingers with the comforting calloused digits.
"Tony!" Steve shouted, still fighting off his own hoard valiantly. "Tony, you need to run!"
Steve slammed his head one of his captors, taking him down. A swift kick and a snapped neck, brought down the second. Before the last man could pull out his gun, Steve charged, beating him to a pulp.
“Tony, my boy, what are you- ”
It was Sunday, and Steve found himself on the same bench in front of the same grave. Fresh tears spilled down his cheeks as his mind toiled with a familiar darkness.
“Hear me out,” Tony started. “You guys don’t really have your own space. I mean, even at the tower, we all basically share everything, so I got to thinking, what if you had a little space to yourself? Your own Brooklyn bungalow! It’s far enough to be private, but also close enough for calls in case the world needs saving!”
Mere seconds.
He didn’t hear Bucky approaching, but he didn’t startle at the question. It wasn’t surprising; Bucky had been around him long enough that no matter the blender of issues Steve had, he was always at ease with the other man near. It was if his body perceived Bucky as an extension of his own shadow.
Losing Stark was already a hit that The Commandos couldn’t afford. Clint was actually starting to like the guy. But Bucky?
But his legs were lead and his feet stone, and he remained frozen, listening to the city around him. That, and a familiar jingle.
-------------------------
“I knew you were real,” Steve breathed. “I knew it wasn’t just HYDRA!”
It was the first of a two-part minimum debrief process; some of there well known conflicts had debriefs that spread weeks, much to his team’s dismay. Even the double meeting debriefs were a hassle wrangling everyone in, but Steve knew it was a necessity. He liked having an immediate meeting, despite being exhausted from the mission; everything that had happened was still fresh in everyone’s mind – and considering that half of the members on the team didn’t bother filling out post-mission paperwork, it was essential to get those details, in case they get lost at a further meeting.
Tony cursed at what he must look like; no better than a teenage girl clutching to the whims of hopes and dreams. If only his father could see him now.
“So what, we’re just going to come away as friends, now?” Pierce scoffed. If the past few months had taught him anything was that his gamble in using the foreigner's services had caused him nothing but problems. He'd ended up with a false address for one of the SSR's precious file drops, and his one connection to The Commandos - who was working in his own damn office - was now dead.
"Great,” Sam frowned. “Knowing out luck, we’ll be shipped to buttfuck nowhere North Dakota. I don’t do the cold weather man.”
“Oh, God,” Tony moaned. “I am so sorry.”
“Uh,” Tony tried to start, cut off by The Captain squeezing him harder.
Clint shook his head. There were too many ambiguities in their situation. What if Stark was HYDRA? What if telling him could hurt the team? Could kill them?
He had showered at one point, probably even eaten. Tony didn’t really know; the hours started blending together after the first day. Anger still coursed through his veins, betrayal clawing up the sides of his throat every time he took a breath.
to them, all Steve wanted was a break. Just one day, that’s all he wanted. One day where everything was as he saw his life would be all those years ago.
“I’m going to kill you.”
“Stop!” he screamed. “I’ll tell you, just let him breathe!”
Before he knew it, Sam was charging, pushing him down until he was sitting in one of Tony’s plush armchairs. “Sit your ass down, you’re pulling out your stitches,” was all he said, steady hands roaming over Steve’s body until he was satisfied that Steve wasn’t going to keel over. “You’re going to go over the deep end, Steve,” Sam continued. “Don’t lose it here. Stark wouldn’t want that.”
“What’s wrong with my eyes?”
Bucky broke off, sucking in a deep breath.
“I know what she’s hungry for,” Pietro jeered. “The Vision.”
"I think I would," Tony sneered.
“Rogers?”
“I’m not arguing that, but Steve’s not himself. How do you think he’s gonna take it?”
“Oh, well. The gun’s a bit much, but I know you don’t really know how to socialize as a normal- ”
Bucky nodded before taking off to catch Thor. Steve stood around on the main floor and watched them go, his body still thrumming with adrenaline. He sighed again, heading for the gym, hoping a few rounds with the punching bag will calm him down. He rounded the corner, trying to wipe the blood on his knuckles off when he ran into Phil Coulson.
I may or may not have added a new character in this chapter that I might revisit later on in this fic; I'm not too sure yet. Did you catch them?
“And you lived here alone, after the- ” Hill paused, looking down at your notes. “After the death of your fiancé, is that right?”
“Wait, don’t kill him! We could still use him.”
“You think I won’t walk out of here with one shoe?”
It was whispered so softly, Tony could barely hear it over the dancing flames that their small fire emitted. He leaned forward, starting the struggle to open his robe when a gentle hand lay on his shoulder.
Barnes sat down on the bench, laying his head in his hands. It was a long time before he spoke again. “No.”
Tony himself could even see the proud gaze The Captain gave all of his men. “Alright then, moment’s over. But, before anyone- ”
“Turns out Phil Coulson leads quite the exciting life,” Fury quipped.
“You have no right to ask me about that,” Tony snapped with an icy glare.
Yinsen let out a breathy chuckle. “I’m sure I’ll survive.” When Tony didn’t respond, he continued,. “What about you?”
She saw Sam pause, mulling over her statement. She knew that he would agree with her, but Sam did always have more restraint. “I have no idea how Steve agreed to let Fury take the reins on this one,” she continued. “He’s lost the most from this, and now he’s just going to stand aside and let the law intervene?”
Steve looked over the photos. It didn’t look like much, but then again, it wasn’t meant to. It made him wonder about all the other holes that the NYPD were hiding out in. “Where is this?”
The warehouse was seemingly quiet as they walked up to it. Steve didn’t buy it for a second, his hands already itching for a gun. “I go in first,” Campbell said tersely. “Once my men have the building cleared, we’ll call you in.” Bucky gave Steve a side-glare.
No, Tony Stark was definitely not a cheerleader on the sidelines. Not this time. HYDRA had gone after his people as well; Tony had every right to see them burn alongside The Commandos.
Natasha held her breath as her fingers twitched, thinking about how Mrs. Barkley would sound as she squeezed her trachea. A few more moments passed before Natasha could hear a hum of disappointment before the footsteps started to retreat. No doubt the woman was already typing out an email on her phone with this week’s round of complaints itemized out. Barely two minutes later, a small chirp came from her own phone, laying on the desk opposite her.
Tony sighed, glaring at the door in front of him, the shining plaque with the word ‘Principal’ blazoned on the front just another reminder on how he was failing as a parent. Shaking his head, he straightened his tie before pushing the door open, taking in the other occupants of the room.
“I don’t have to trust them, I just have to trust you.”
“Well, believe it or not, most things that involve you worry me,” Pepper snarked back. “It’s kind of my job.”
Tony. Tony hadn’t mentioned anything; why would he? But Steve had promised him, so Steve would deliver. But how does one plan a date for a billionaire? Let alone planning a date while flying under the radar and being limited to small cash purchases only. Besides, Tony said he’s clearly been joking about the camping and – Steve huffed out a breath, his shoulders deflating.
-------------------------
this was a mistake. She knew who he was. If she knew, that meant that Fury knew.
flashed on the scrolling ribbon beneath the newscaster, as he rambled on about the bodies found. He had sprinted all the way down to the precinct, a fool's errand, praying that the program had been wrong.
This was his life. This was their life.
The Captain was Steve. Which, of course, made more sense. Who else would Barnes cry out to when he thought he was dying?
“Bingo,” Tony chided, pulling him down the hallway towards the stairs that led to the bedrooms. The two of them walked down the hallway in a comfortable silence, shoulders brushing occasionally. To Steve's surprise, after walking to the top of the stairs, Tony opted to take a right instead of a left towards the rooms.
He crawled over to Tony on his hands and knees, leaning up to give Tony a final kiss. “Ready?”
“No. But that’s what he thinks he can do. Time to change his mind.”
stronger. We’re gonna beat this, you’ll see. Have I ever lied to you?”
“Nothing,” Tony replied, too quickly to be casual.
“Steve?”
I am not going to sit here and let you bleed out on my front steps. You go out and take a job with us? That makes you a Commando, and whether you like it or not, that makes you one of my people. So buck up, soldier, shut your goddamned mouth, and let your Captain help you.”
“Can’t a guy just catch up with his best friend in peace?” Steve joked.
“I’m sorry?”
“It wasn’t rash,” Tony couldn’t help but snap. “This isn’t the first time that I’ve thought about shutting down the weapons division. What happened was just the push I needed to get over the hump.”
Tony groaned, pushing himself to his feet. "There you go, blabbing on about HYDRA again."
“I said I’d be home late,” Steve tried to placate.
“Burgers?” Tony smiled, looking from the grill to Steve.
“You’re quiet today.” Steve frowned at Natasha’s tone. It was one he was all too familiar with. To an outsider, it seemed sweet, innocent even. But not to Steve. He knew that tone always came around with an equally soft face, as if she was trying to make herself less threatening. While it was a duo that had an exceedingly high success rate, it hadn’t worked on him in years. Not once he noticed her eyes. All knowing eyes, like that billboard in
Fury almost sneered back at him. “I’d like to ask you a few questions.”
“Do something!” Tony snapped.
The woman gave him a plastic smile. “Nothing, nothing at all. Could I trouble you for a glass of water?”
This was wrong; Steve could see why no one liked this man. He could see why people had told him to stay clear. Everything about him was slimy, leaving behind a rotten taste. He oozed a kind of danger that even Steve wasn't a fan of. But he was too far now, he had too much to lose. A whole house full of people that HYDRA was waiting to snatch away from him. “Convince you? Well, no doubt you’ve seen what HYDRA did last month. That not good enough for you?”
“Anything?” he heard Bucky whisper.
Tony furrowed his brow. “S’mores?”
Steve jolted in his chair, pencil going flying across the sketch he was touching up, and onto the floor. He looked up to see Tony leaning casually against his door frame, arms crossed loosely, slight smirk adorning his own tired face.
Despite Stark’s reasoning, Steve had no idea why Stark had come back for them. After everything that had gone down before, Stark should have left Steve and his crew to die. But he didn’t. While Steve yearned to believe that it was the shreds of humanity that still encircled Stark’s heart that brought him back to save Steve, he knew it wouldn’t be that simple. It’s the world they live in. The only way to survive out there is through connections and favors. And Stark? Stark just charged in guns a blazing, saving Steve and his men, all while apprehending one of Hammer’s men. Steve
Sam walked towards him slowly, hands up in the air. “Cap, you’re not in the right mind. Give me the gun.”
Steve turned his head slightly, his ears picking up on a soft whistling. Taking it as his only lead, Steve left the lab, tracking the source of the sound. It wasn’t long before he found himself staring at a gaping hole in the side of the tower.
You and the rest of your posse had the audacity to attack me today. And because of your actions, two of my people are injured.
“Don’t be rude,” Steve frowned at the smaller man before turning back to Sam. “It’s very nice here, Sam. Looks like you got it all figured out.”
“It’s a yes or no question! Do you even know who these people are?” he cried, pointing to the picture.
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped his mouth, intensifying when he heard Steve add in.
Bucky shot him an unimpressed look, but slunk forward. Steve watched as Tony circled Bucky, as if stalking him, his eyes darting all over. “You checking me out, Stark?” Bucky teased.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Just thought that you might want an untraceable phone. You know, in case you want to make some illicit calls to some illicit folks.”
None of that was supposed to happen. None of it was part of the plan; none of it was promised to them if they cooperated with the FBI. Bucky had demanded, begged,
“You want to know why he’s so good?” Clint nearly shouted.  “It’s because he’s on the good side of over half the mobs in Manhattan. You’re playing with fire, Steve. He’s too dangerous.”
“That, Mr. Stark, is the World’s Largest Mailbox.”
Needless to say, Tony Stark was bored.
meeting; he saw me and you. Everyone knows who I am, but no one should know who you are. If anyone saw us, they would have assumed I was hanging out with a low rate hooker," he said, ignoring Steve's glare. "But somehow, somebody managed to pick up on the fact that I was meeting with The Captain. He saw your face. Which means he knows who you are.”
came the small whisper.
Steve spun around, marching over to where Natasha was frozen, shock pale under the overhead lights. “What’s wrong?”
This time, everyone jumped at the sound of Coulson’s radio going off.
“Is that so?”
It had been a legitimate concern they had when they first brought Steve back after rescuing him in that burnt out building. In their defense, the last time a bomb had went off, Steve made some less than ideal decisions, ending up with them in the middle of a shitstorm with Thor's brother and Steve freezing in the bottom of a river. But it wasn't anything like last time.
“What I
A tremor below them startled both of the men. “We need to leave. Don’t worry about the suit. We can come back and get it once we know the building’s safe.”
“You must be joking.”
“Any hits from the name?” Steve asked, trying to draw the conversation away from the sketch, finally managing to pull it from Tony's grasp.
Sam hummed. “Not bad. It’ll be nice to finally be able to sit back, let the law finally pull their weight in this city. Looks like we won’t even have to get our hands dirty.”
Door on the handle, she opened it slowly, listening intently for anyone picking up on her presence. Peeking in, she saw bodies littered on the floor, no doubt the press that had come for the PR junket, as well as unsuspecting police officers. That and,
Barton was making amends, assuming Tony was here to stick around. Was he? When he jumped in the car with Barnes to go and save Steve - there was no hesitation. It was if all of their problems had evaporated, and his brain couldn't focus on anything besides
I don't really have a good excuse for not posting, but these last few months have been anything but easy. I lost someone very close to me and my coping methods were not healthy.
“He ran into a collapsing building to save some kittens.”
“I’m sure,” Bucky mused. “I just thought I’d stop by before I leave.”
“Not sure,” Steve answered. “You’re not going to like it.”
way.”
His reserve, as well.
Barton had only made right turns.
Steve closed his eyes, willing his heartrate to slow down. “Who were they?”
all of the time. It’s like my emotions are dialed up to eleven at every fucking moment of the day!”
“What happened?”
“I’m just saying,” Steve continued, twining their fingers together. “You work too much.”
The man sucked in a breath through his teeth. “Oh, you we’re counting on this, weren’t you?”
But not Pepper. She never had a single hair out of place, both literally and figuratively. With her standing next to Tony, it was a constant reminder that maybe his dad had been right. Maybe he was worthless. But he could see now that he wasn’t meant for this. This, being here in these clothes, in this room, with these people? It was all fake. It was as if he had been walking through a dream – one that was not his.
