A beat goes by while Cas lets Dean stand there, jagged need clawing at him, and then he finally says, “Come here and turn around. You wanted this so bad, I think you should work for it.”
Dean bit his lip and there was this shy flush that spread down his neck as Cas maneuvered them until Dean was straddling his chest. He let his fingers slip back inside of Dean, burying them as deep as possible. Spellbound, he stared with his lips parted as Dean bounced on three of them. God, he was burning up inside, and Cas couldn’t help but imagine just how good Dean would feel around his cock. Tight and silken and so fucking wet.
Cas made an interested hum, and Dean moved along. He passed the clothing and trailed his finger over a few collars, couldn't quite picture himself wearing one though. In front of several columns of wrist cuffs, he paused. More his style. Thick leather bands, some plain, some painted to look distressed.
Shaking his head, Dean had tugged him closer by the hips. “Not kiddin’, Cas. It’s ours. Do you like it?”
Once he'd managed to make it into bed, he pulled up Dean's link and hit play on the first track: Ramble On. Eyes closed, he listened through song after song in the dark and gave each one his full attention. Somewhere between In The Light and Ten Years Gone, Cas decided Dean likely had a somewhat repressed romantic side. Gallows Pole and When The Levee Breaks made his chest ache a little. Eventually, he fell into a fitful sleep, still listening to Dean's songs.
“Love you,” Cas grunted as he sped his thrusts, building them up again, faster and faster. Like he knew just what Dean needed.
Cas’s hand smoothed over the lace of Dean’s panties, tugging, squeezing one cheek and then the other. “Your ass is exquisite. I’m sure you’ve been told so before, but…”
He scrubbed a hand over his head. Was it weird to show up at Cas’s work unannounced like this? Should he maybe text him and let him know he was coming? Then again, he was already there, so wouldn’t that be even weirder? He probably should’ve thought of all that
Eventually everything had been thoroughly scrubbed, his laundry done, folded and put away, and his apartment looked almost respectable. When Meg dropped by to pick Charlie up, she’d been shocked. Her exact words had been, “Holy shit, Clarence. I guess you’re really into Dean, ‘cause I didn’t even know your kitchen floor was white.”
He somewhat listlessly watched as Charlie worked her magic on Dean. She got him to talk about himself a little and about his favorite movies. Their conversation about Die Hard spanned ten minutes all on its own, and Cas thought maybe he should actually watch it sometime. Just to see if it actually merited their enthusiasm, based on the lines they quoted to each other, he was skeptical.
"So perfect for me, Dean. You look so good like this, Mmm. You have no idea.” Cas’s hand ran down his back, a fiery trail of heat remaining in its wake. With both of his hands, Cas dug his fingers into Dean’s ass cheeks, massaging them for a moment before he spread them open. “Soaking wet already, aren’t you? Can’t wait to see how slick you get before I even get my fingers in there.”
, Cas definitely liked the sound of that, Dean could tell by the way his hand dug into Dean’s asscheek. “Why don’t I start and you tell me if you want it harder or when to stop?”
Cas wanted, rather desperately, to play with Dean. He was practically aching for the opportunity to get his mouth on that full lower lip Dean was biting down on. “I… well… however you want me, I’d be up for. It, uh, seemed like you wanted that too. Was I wrong? ‘Cause it doesn’t gotta be a big deal if I was, we could just…” Dean covered his eyes with one hand, massaging his temples and looking like he was embarrassed enough to sink into the couch. “We could call today a wash and pretend it never happened.”
Greedily, Dean rapidly uncapped it and pursed his lips around the mouth, he chugged the water down in big swallows. Around the bottle when he caught Cas watching the bob of his throat with rapt fascination, Dean smirked.
They both cracked up, and then Balthazar looked up at him with a glare. “Hold still, Cas. Almost done. I love how fast watercolors go.”
“It won’t,” Cas replied, hands held defensively in front of him. “Trust me, it won’t.” Balthazar still looked mildly skeptical. “So, are you going to help me, or not? I have the stencil ready, I just need those magic hands.”
Cas’s answer came quickly and Dean was just pocketing his phone with a smile when another notification came in, this time from Sam,
Overall, he was glad that everything was going so smoothly, because he frankly didn't even remotely have the energy to keep up. His thoughts were distant, sluggish, and he struggled to stay awake enough to pay any sort of attention to whatever topic they moved onto. Maybe he'd skip the class he had after lunch and take a nap in the library before Art. It was pretty much the only class he actually liked, anyway.
Hell or high water. Whatever was waiting at the end of all this, it'd never take away this shining, perfect moment in Dean's life. And if he was lucky, and he liked to think he was, they'd face down any obstacle in their way. They'd survive this.
As soon as they stepped inside any vague plans Dean’d had that he was gonna use his powers and save Sam flew right out the window. All over the walls,there was strange warding. His powers locked up tight in his chest and the harder he tried to pull at it, the tighter it compressed. What the hell was happening?
So maybe he’d been a little over the top smother-y with his concern for Sam during the drive, but this had to be harder on him. Sam had been the one who’d fought the most with Dad before they left. It was him that Dad had accused of taking Dean away. Which made next to no sense since Dean was the older one, but Dad on a bender wasn’t exactly known for his rational thought process. A little too old school in his thoughts on omegas for Dean’s comfort.
The rumble of the Impala as Dean drove into his school's parking lot didn't garner curious glances anymore. Two years of driving it meant everyone knew it was just him. And like most days, just him didn't warrant so much as a flick of their glances.
Seconds later, while he was still spurting hot and slick between their bellies, Cas stiffened above him, coming with a groan, cock twitching inside of Dean and inspiring a primal, blazing reaction in him. Fuck, he already wanted to do this again and again.
Sam’s hand was still warm on Cas's shoulder, as though he was ready to restrain him even though all that was left was a smoking pile of ashes and Cas wasn’t resisting anymore. Cas looked back at him and noticed Sam's face was wet with tears that were still streaming from his eyes, his cheeks were stained with soot. The pain in Sam’s expression cracked the numb cold that’d spread in Cas’s chest and his vision blurred, more tears finally welling up. Dean was gone.
Cas winced, regretting the question. He shook his head. “Of him. I'm sorry,” he said. “Listen, I'm going to retrieve my bolt, and then I'll take you back to the library. Maybe we'll find your brother along the way.”
Almost involuntarily, Dean's hips rocked down, sliding his cock along the groove of leather. Wet enough that the slide felt so fucking good. “Yeah, fuck, yes, sir, I can—” Dean's words dissolved into a moan as his thighs worked, his ass clenching with effort. Sweat prickled up at his temples, his lower back.
Unfortunately, Cas seemed to come to his senses and remember they were in public—at his workplace no less—and stepped back.
He'd had Sam's help designing this room when it'd become apparent Shepherd's Bend would be long term enough that he required his own housing. It wasn't big, but they'd made the most of it.
There was barely enough room for him, but Cas stood, right up in Dean’s space. Close enough that his breath was hot on Dean’s lips; they tingled with remembered sensation and he wanted to lean in and chase it, but the rules of the game they were playing kept him still. Somehow made it that much hotter when Cas’s hands slowly slid up under his shirt, rucking it up as they went.
Cas just laughed harder, and after a second, Dean chuckled too. They settled in all cuddled up on the couch as they watched a comedy special on Netflix, and Cas couldn’t remember the last time he’d laughed this much. Or the last time he’d been so relaxed with someone who wasn’t Charlie.
“Eat me out, Dean,” Castiel tells him, smug note in his voice. Of course that fucker knows what he’s doing to Dean, and the scent of turned on alpha that’s flooding the room only proves without words just how much Dean secretly (or not so secretly) loves it.
“If your information's right,” Dean pointed out. Sam shrugged a shoulder, conceding. Sighing Dean reached for the rope. “It's the best we’ve got.”
Dean’s breath stuttered out of him. “Okay, yeah,” at Cas’s sharp glance he straightened up a little and rushed to add, “yes, sir.”
see him as one. Perhaps Dean’s own insecurities got in the way as well, and if that’s the case, then Castiel will do everything he can to erase those insecurities.
“Good morning, Castiel,” Mr. Adler says, a smile stretching across his smarmy face, and Castiel greets him in return with a smile that he knows appears genuine. Castiel knows how to play this game well enough. “So, I know you were hoping for news today about the promotion to division head….”
“What if you planned to move in with me?” Cas nervously asked, blue eyes wide and focused on Dean’s.
She bolted upright and blinked, took in the familiar surroundings of their bedroom, confused. Had she dreamt the whole damn thing? Her hand slipped protectively down to her stomach as she shivered at the memory of paper-thin skin against her cheeks and blue fire that didn’t burn.
Castiel swallows hard and sets the book down, calloused fingers of his right hand fiddling with the plain gold band on his left, thoughts travelling back through time as the song washes over him, memories surfacing of the night he lost Dean. Temporary though it'd turned out to be, it still aches when he lets himself think of those weeks.
He could still remember the look on Mom's face when she'd run into his room, the horror in her eyes as she'd looked at him. Dean could still smell the thick scent of smoke when he thought about that night and he remembered the way everything had gone from hazy slow motion to real time in a sudden rush of color and sound.
‘Cause the other thing he had to contend with was this weird lurch in his gut when he thought about how much easier it would be if Cas just never talked to him at all—if they both just kept on pretending they didn't know. That was the ideal scenario, but the way Dean's stomach rebelled at it confused him. He oughta be happy with that outcome, oughta at least be ambivalent about it.
“This is the patio door,” Cas said, walking through the nicely furnished living room over to the pretty white french doors framed with beautifully cared for fiddle leaf fig trees on the either side. “If you let me know when you arrive, I’ll keep it unlocked for your use.”
Untrustworthy, shape shifting liars was what they were. They almost never crossed over from their realm into this one, but there was definitely a shadowlight directly on the other side of the river from him. Dean's stomach churned, anger prickling heat along the back of his neck, disgust curling his lip.
“Well you didn't, so brownie points I guess,” Dean paused, and then ignoring the increased burning in his cheeks made himself continue, “I'm glad it was you. I'm… uh, I'm glad it's you.”
There was no stopping—not now. Cas might have been able to help him bleed off a little bit of energy before, but with sudden clarity Dean understood that if Cas touched him right now, he’d burn up too.
Two plates, a knife, bread, peanut butter and grape jelly—he spared a brief hope that Dean liked grape jelly because it was the only kind he had—he quickly assembled the sandwiches, put everything away and headed back into the living room with a plate in each hand, and a can of Coke under each arm.
Once he'd finished, he slipped into his brown leather tunic, a cotton shirt, and topped those with his chainmail and plated skirt. It was routine by now, getting on his chestplate, backplate, and pauldrons, steel gleaming in the morning sun that filled his room.
Inside each door was a cell equipped with a twin bed, an enchanted chamber pot, and nothing else. Choosing one at random, he shoved Cas inside. Fury bubbled up in his chest as Cas took in his surroundings with a confused look on his face, as if he had no idea what was happening or why he was here.
The way Dean smiled at him then, green eyes bright, filtered in to fill up his body like a slow spreading warmth. “I’d be more uncomfortable if it was. We’re not exactly rich either, Cas.”
Just like Cas had told him, he went through each item and checked off anything appealed to him, even if some of it made his stomach squirm at the idea of admitting that to anyone. He trusted Cas. He also marked off things that were a firm no for him. A few maybes. A couple of times he texted Cas for a clarification, but mostly it was pretty straightforward.
“Nothin’,” Dean said with a smile so warm that Cas practically tasted the sunshine in it. “You just got quiet.”
Cas is looking through him, not at him, and Dean’s temperature shoots up, his pulse along with it. “Be patient, boy,” his voice is unaffected, stern, and Dean wriggles a little in his lap with it. “Sit
Cas suddenly seemed much more alert, eyes sparkling with amusement. “Possibly the offer of my hand in marriage, especially if it’s good.” Dean’s heart skipped and warmth flooded his face and chest.
“It was disguised as a pegasus, but it’s been out in those woods every night for the last three nights. Don’t you think that’s suspicious, Sam? What if Stormridge is working with it?”
There was something carnally sexy about jerking Cas, off, making him feel good, that was intoxicating. The sounds Cas made were a heady thrill Dean wanted more of. He tightened his grip, throwing in a flick of his wrist on the upstroke that he always liked. Judging by the way Cas's hips pushed up into Dean's hand, he liked it too.
All of the pleasure that Dean'd been clamping down on released. Cas’s knot tugged at his rim as Dean rocked on it with tiny jerks of his hips. Heat flooded his every nerve, synapses firing lightspeed fast. His body clenched tight, and he came, Cas whispering praise in his ear as he painted the sheets beneath him white. Shockwaves of euphoric bliss stole Dean's breath and his thoughts for long moments.
Recklessly, Cas’s heart skipped, then sped up. A pleased glow that started off in his chest suffused his body. He didn’t understand how such a simple thing could evoke such an intense reaction in him, but it did. After he cleared his throat, he managed to get the smile on his face under some control.
A pretty woman with blonde wavy hair stood in the center of the room, wearing a slinky white ball gown. The smirk on her face was ugly, cruel. Lilith, he guessed, and when she spoke he recognized her voice from the phone call.
After wiping his hands clean on a dish rag, Dean pulled on his leather gloves and fastened his bracers, the dimpled stylized steel covered his arms from wrists to elbows, a decorative band of braided metal around the edge, matching those on the rest of his plated armor.
Dean's upper lip curls involuntarily, showing off his sharp white teeth in a primal display. After a second of intense staring into Castiel's eyes, Dean forces away his inborn need to be in control, and complies with Castiel's command.
Fondly, Dean rolled his eyes. Sam’d only left two days ago, and they’d texted on and off since then. There was no way his brother just missed his voice, he could practically smell his concern all the way from California. Instead of replying he just hit call and listened to the phone ring as he sat down on his bed and leaned against the wall.
Goodnaturedly, Cas’d laughed it off. Loud and infectious, and even Dean had smiled a little—wistful for a second. He'd wondered what it would be like to have friends like Cas's. People who cared enough that they celebrated your birthday.
There was that little swoop in Dean’s stomach again. A feeling he couldn’t identify—somewhere in the range of pleased and embarrassed—spread in his chest. “Cas.…”
Considering that he’d just burned a warehouse full of people to death, signs pointed to no. The general ambivalence and lack of guilt he felt about that also pointed to no. A small part of him piped up with something about shock, but that wasn’t quite it. It was more like the people he’d hurt were monsters in his mind. They'd intended to harm Sam and Cas, and they’d needed to be stopped.
Ambivalently, Cas shrugged. “You can learn a lot from a person's favorite music. And maybe I’d like to check yours out.”
are arousing.” Cas's scent matched his words, the sexy musky smell of aroused alpha clearly evident.
“How?” Dean asked, eyebrows raised, a mixture of uncertainty and the rightness of what Crowley was saying at war with each other.
Now he glanced over at the haunted, concerned look on Cas’s face. The worried crease of his brow, his dark eyes vigilant, and his lips drawn in a line as tense as his shoulders. In the shadows of an alley one street down from the building where they were paused, Cas tilted his head up to the dark sky like he was looking for divine patience. “So, what, we’re just gonna charge in through the front door?”
Everything gradually heated up, only intensifying as Dean's crawled into his lap, placing a knee on either side of Cas's hips, and his ass firm against the hard ridge of Cas’s denim-trapped cock. Dean pushed forward and rubbed his own hard cock against Cas’s abdomen—possessive heat flared up in Cas’s gut at the feel of it, a primal, carnal response to the evidence of Dean’s arousal.
Wings flaring out intimidatingly large, it blocked out the stars and moon with its massive body as it kicked its front hooves at him, growling again. Dean leapt back, barely keeping hold of the rope, staring wide-eyed up into flashing cerulean eyes. His heart knocked against his ribcage, and he struggled with his adrenaline fueled urge to run. No amount of time spent in battle against Stormridge soldiers had prepared him for facing down a furious shadowlight.
Dean finds him sprawled out on their bed in black jeans and a white button up, watching the small TV on their dresser. His hair's still a little wet, curling damply behind his ears, and he looks so damn perfect that it takes nearly all of Dean's effort not to climb on that bed with him and forget all about the meal he just painstakingly prepared.
Cas dropped the roll onto the couch, and let his fingers play over the tape that was binding Dean’s arms together. “Feel okay?”
“Get up.” Dean scrambles to, gets his feet under him, still shaky between Cas’s legs. “Take me out.”
So, Dean had been reading his work. A feeling equal parts pleased and anxious spread through Cas’s chest. What books, specifically, had Dean read? Was this seduction supposed to lead to a scenario like something Cas had written? He couldn’t deny the idea appealed to him. He’d been attracted to Dean from the start. But Cas was long past casual sex for sex’s sake. He enjoyed long term partners he could learn. Besides, fantasy and reality were totally different things. In order to determine whether he would accept what Dean was offering, Cas needed to understand the terms. And… he was curious.
Dean’d played hooky as long as he could, but his mom’d finally caught on that his sudden case of the flu wasn’t viral so much as it was completely fake. She’d gotten that sad worried look on her face and gave him a patented mom talk designed to make him feel better about whatever was making him upset. It was meant to encourage him to open up to her, but he couldn’t.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice close behind him made him jump upright from where he was bent over turning off the bathtub faucets.
Cas snugged his fingers tighter, sped up and let his hips roll up into it, breaths stuttering out through his teeth, lip bitten hard as he held back moans out of habit. With his free hand, his fingertips found the handprint shaped scar that Dean’d left on his bicep. Shiny pink and healed already, skin sensitive. He pressed his palm against it and remembered the way it’d felt when Dean came. The blinding blue-hot flash of sensation that’d slammed into him. Pleasure laced with a perfect searing pain that’d left him breathless, stunned with how good it was. The shuddering gasp of his name that’d sounded as if it’d been torn from Dean's throat.
He keeps it up for a while, teasing both of them with the idea of more before the need in his gut grows too big to deny. He withdraws his fingers and fumbles for the packet of lube he’d dropped on the seat.
Her eyes went a little glassy and she clenched her jaw as she crossed her arms over her chest. “It's not. If he'd've been at my bar that night, I'd've taken his damn fool keys and made him take a cab.” She blew out a frustrated sigh and rubbed at her face, the ozone scent of her distress thick. “He didn't do right by you boys, we all know that … but he spent enough time on my barstool soaked in regret for me to know he wished he could change things.”
“Can I look?” Cas asked, and Dean bit his lip but he nodded. “Dean, you might as well start using your words now when I ask you a question, because I’ll demand it later.”
So how was my first foray into fantasy for you? I had so much fun crafting this world, and I'm pretty sure I'm hooked on the genre. I'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments.
Dean choked out a laugh. “Okay, yeah, maybe I look all right,” he said, feigning humility on that score. “But I really am boring, man. I stay home and eat pizza and watch horror movie marathons. You’re probably used to dating fancier folks than me.”
He hoped that Cas got what he was talking about: their whole soulmate deal. Leaning back to look at him, the affection on Cas's face said he did. “I'm glad it’s you, too.”
Dean’s breath caught in his chest and stuttered out. He’d thought of it so much. So many different ways. But what he really wanted… “I… there’s this scene I couldn’t get out of my head. Where…” Dean’s face burned. “D’you really want me to say it? What if it’s too weird for the first time?”
“Show me,” he demanded, eyes locked on Cas’s bicep. Wordlessly, Cas pulled up the short sleeve on his t-shirt and exposed the scar. “Cas, that’s-”
Cas’s lips pulled up in a gentle smile. “I promise that I’m not going to judge anything in here. Furthermore, I can almost guarantee you that I’ll find it arousing. Because
Cas paused for a moment to scan Dean's face. “And you can always change your mind, Dean. At any time, before, during, after. We can just stop and go back to how it was. We can just watch television and hang out, or slow things down, whatever you want. Understand?”
“What's up?” Dean's attention was mostly on his combination and then digging things out of his locker, but Cas forged on.
“Cas, fuck,” he groans into his mouth, and Castiel’s head falls back on a desperate gasp as his hips arc in a wild figure eight. Sexy and gorgeous, and by the looks of his stiffening body, so fucking close.
The stare Cas gave him said he'd caught Dean's memo, and he was very, very interested in exploring that line of thinking, but then he hesitated. “I'm just passing through. Why would you want to help me?”
A sudden dip in the bed drew Dean's attention and a second later Baby nudged her face against his, her wings curling around him. It was ridiculous… and soothing, and exactly what he needed to get his breathing under control.
“Dean,” Castiel pants, eyes coming up to focus on Dean’s for a split second before their lips crash together. Hard, biting, nasty kiss that lights Dean up like a fuckin’ Christmas tree. So turned on, that he’s aching. The friction from Castiel shifting around in his lap just enough to offer a little relief, still nowhere near what he needs.
“Hold a little longer.” These ones were smart. It hadn't taken long to figure out they'd walked right into some kind of trap. Dean rubbed the scratch on his cheek. Skidding across the ground on your face friggin’ sucked.
“This,” Dean said softly, pushing up against him, his hard cock rubbing along the cut of Cas's hips. Dean chased friction like he was dying for it. “You.”
Smooth. Internally, he rolled his eyes at himself and moved out of the way, so that Dean could get into his locker.
Dean’s self-esteem’s taken a pretty nasty beating for the last few months. He’s just about at the end of his rope. He wants to be wanted. And that’s not gonna happen with Castiel.
damn good. Soft little moans forced themselves out of Dean’s mouth on panting breaths as Cas thrusted his fingers inside of him, then he crooked them just right and made Dean vibrate with pleasure.
They’d parked a couple blocks away and had come closer on foot. Cas’s idea—something about parking far enough away that the car would be safe so they could get out of there fast after they got Sam. Dean didn’t have the heart to tell him that his gut feeling said that he wasn’t walking away from this. Instead, he’d quietly slipped his keys into Cas’s jacket pocket when he’d kissed him one last time at the car. For luck, he’d told Cas.
The warmth and certainty in Cas's voice spreads through Dean's chest and he's gotta do something to lighten the mood before he does somethin’ stupid like crying. “Gettin’ all poetic on me, Cas? You know that turns me on.”
Sometimes he's still a mess, even now. Sometimes he overreacts to things, or he gets clingy, or jealous for no reason. His stomach clenches a little as he thinks about the fights they've had.
Their expedition proceeded peacefully for some time. The suburb they'd begun to loot seemed to be as deserted as it first appeared. Houses stood empty, some contained supplies that hadn't been picked over yet. They found half-full bottles of antibiotics, cold and flu medicines, pain relievers. There were canned goods, and a few shelf-stable pantry items that hadn't spoiled.
Still, Cas was enjoying their time together. Their talks. Even if they were mostly superficial. It was cute the way that Dean blushed and stuttered in his presence. He'd thought that that might fade the longer they spent getting to know one another but after a week and a half, it was still going strong. As if something was keeping him from being able to fully relax around Cas—which wasn't ideal.  Especially not now that Cas’d realized he couldn't stay away from Dean, not even for Dean's own good. Maybe that made him selfish, it probably did… but he couldn't help it.
“Shhh.” Cas's hand rubbing firmly over his back calmed him, “I'll take care of you, Dean. Just trust me.”
He arches his spine, head pushing back into the pillows on a loud moan. It's too much, too good. His eyes squeeze shut and he tries
Cas stood unmoving, his lips parted around quick breaths that weren't drawing in enough air. What if that was how he’d feel for the rest of his life? Like without Dean, he couldn’t get a full breath in. How was he supposed to exist without his
Dean'd been hard since shortly after Cas had led him to the back of the store. He stepped further into Cas's space and held his gaze as he pressed against Cas, letting him feel just how turned on he was. “What d’you think?”
After they’d gone back to Dean's house, and his mom and dad had seen Dean was okay. After Cas and Sam had each taken turns showering off the smoke and dirt, and Cas had dressed in Dean's borrowed clothes. After Dean had made himself cry to test out the whole healing thing on the cuts and bruises that Sam'd sustained—which had turned out to be true, Sam looked good as new now—Dean had asked if Cas could spend the night. His cheeks had been bright pink, and he kind of looked like he wished the ground would swallow him up, but he’d gotten it out.
So, then, if Cas’s birthday had already gone by he must’ve known Dean was his soulmate this whole time. Only, he hadn’t said anything.…
wasn't Dean standing there? The answer of course, had been plainly stated by both Lilith and Crowley: Dean
Cas’s hand slips down to rest against his throat and he finally gives Dean the go ahead he’s been waiting for, “Make me come.”
Cas's head was warm and heavy on his chest. He'd barely let Dean go since they'd perfunctorily cleaned up and collapsed together beneath the blankets. Dean massaged his fingers through Cas's hair, down the back of his neck. He trailed them over the skin warm metal of Cas's necklace, down to the silver cross that was resting on him. He fingered it. Wanted to ask about it, along with the bracelet Cas wore, the one inscribed with the name
For some reason, Cas couldn’t stop looking over at Dean, probably because Dean kept glancing at him, too. And it wasn't something new or anything, Dean had always watched other people from the sidelines. Cas more than most. Just like Dean watched him, Cas, in turn, had always had an awareness of Dean that went a bit beyond simple curiosity. One that he could never quite put his finger on. He doubted that anyone else noticed Dean like he did, or really thought about him at all. Dean flitted through school like a ghost that no one else could see.
“Get on your knees for me, Dean.” Cas didn’t have to ask twice. Dean got down on his knees in front of him, mouth already watering, wanting to be put to use. Cas’s thumb dragged over his bottom lip. “Get my cock out, and then suck it. Put those pretty pink lips to work.”
He slammed the door shut and bolted it before Cas could finish whatever lie he was about to spill. Let him stew for the night, realize how truly trapped he was, and then Dean would interrogate him first thing in the morning.
And then Sam was suddenly there and he was the one dragging Cas outside, not the other way around, this sad look of determination on his face and Dean was grateful. So damn grateful. Love for both of them swelled up in his chest, and another tear slipped down his cheek.
“Mmm,” Cas murmured, and the vibrations travelled right up Dean's spine in a shiver of pleasure. “Love the way you taste. I could spend hours eating you out, but I've been dying to fuck you
Thankfully, she made it through the rest of the day without another incident, and by the time it got dark out, Mary was beyond ready to sleep. She crawled into her sleeping bag next to John and fell asleep with his thickly muscled arm as her pillow.
“What do you like? What do you want?” Cas asked, deep blue eyes so intensely curious and focused, all on Dean. He squirmed under the attention, his face warming.
“Of course he does,” Cas sighed. More than anyone else at their school, he saw just how crappy Dean had it there. “I swear it was just an accident.”
he gasped as Dean pushed his tongue firmer along the underside of his cock. “God, you look good like this. Look so … ah, so good on your knees. Pretty pink lips wrapped around my cock.”
Cas takes his time lapping at Dean's rim, getting him nice and wet and warmed up before he gently pushes his tongue inside. And, fuck, fuck, Dean loves the feel of it. Loves Cas's fucking amazing, long, clever tongue. He knows for a fact he can come with nothing more than Cas eating him out, knows it because over the summer it’d happened more than once. Cas is just so damn good at this.
No, what he's been stuck with is a frickin’ party-crazed, recreational-drug-using, give-his-guard-the-slip-to-have-a goddamn-orgy man-child who has authority issues. Because that's Dean's life.
Wetness seeped into the front of Cas's pants and he groaned, sucking on Dean's skin hard as euphoria stole his breath, waves of heat shattering outward as he came in violent spurts that dampened his underwear.
There was no way that a shadowlight on the border of Stormridge was coincidental. It was too unusual—too bizarre—to be random happenstance. Was Stormridge employing a shadowlight spy against them? It made a weird sort of sense; a shadowlight could easily travel from Stormridge into Laurellia without setting off alarms, but why in the hell would a shadowlight work for Stormridge?
“Almost,” Cas told him softly, “You're doing so good, Dean. God, you’re so tight and so fucking hot. Can’t wait to be inside you.”
Both of Sam’s eyebrows climbed his forehead, eyes widening. “Are you sure? I mean, I’ve only ever read myths about them. Most people don’t even believe they’re real how do you know—”
He stroked Dean with a loose grip. Just a tease. His thumb swiped over the head, then rubbed back and forth over the bundle of nerves just beneath it. “Like that?” Cas asked.
When they finally parted for good, Dean’s face was flushed, his lips dark enough that Cas had to reign in the arousal simmering in his gut.
He actually saw Cas's heart shattering in slow motion—just blue and pain and despair in his eyes. His own heart broke for Cas’s suffering, but he could still save him, could still save Sam. “Sweetheart, I love you, but I can't hold on.” Dean’s voice faltered again and a tear slipped down his cheek. “You gotta go.”
“God, Cas. Please,” Dean breathed, want making his voice raw. Not like he could help it with Cas kneeling in front of him, fully clothed and so hot, goddamn messenger bag still on for fuck’s sake and his face right
that good? Like their scent was tailor made to appeal to Dean? He blinks his eyes, trying to push away the sudden swell of alpha instincts that he’s sure are starting to make them brighter green.
“Aw, you do love me,” Dean teases, winking at Cas and making light of how deeply touched he really is, because he's already reached his tolerance limit, cheeks as red as Cas's, without a doubt from how they burn.
Shades of blue and green filled up the page, intertwined and climbed up an arm. Shoulder to wrist. In the middle of the bicep, was the pink shape of a handprint. His first try didn't quite come out like he wanted it to, so he sat up and got more comfortable, then flipped to a clean page and started again. This time he got it right.
“Human-ish as far as I can tell. The lore basically says their natural state is incredibly beautiful to humans.” Sam scrutinized him for a second then wrinkled his nose. “So maybe try
Dean's stomach dropped. Bitter rejection stung, even if he'd planned to do the same thing when he found out who his soulmate was: ignore that he knew. His intentions were different though—he wanted to spare Cas the pain of being saddled with him.
Dean shrugged awkwardly, trying to cover his discomfort with a flirty smile. “I’m sure you can handle yourself just fine. But… uh, I'll feel better if you at least let me teach you where to avoid. Besides, I gotta make a run anyway.”
Cas’s blue eyes lifted to his, and fuck, he was gorgeous and confident, voice commanding, “Go through the living room, down the hall to my bed and put on what I left there for you. Put your clothes back on, and then come meet me at the couch.” Like an afterthought he added, “My room is the last door.”
Skin tacky with sweat, Dean finally lifts up a little and slips out of Cas as he drops a kiss to his shoulder. “Fuck, that was awesome.”
Grudgingly, Cas nodded his understanding and pushed down the pang of longing that settled in his chest over the thought of parents who cared like that. Maybe Dean saw something dismal in his expression, or maybe he was just finally warming up, either way, his palm squeezed Cas's shoulder and he said, “Thanks for the offer though, Cas. See ya later?”
She grinned at his lopsided smile. “Of course. Who else is gonna keep the dr-” her face blanched a little and she winced.
He glanced over at Sam again, mouth half-open on a question he never got to ask, ‘cause Sam cut him off with an irritated, “Dude, I’m
Wide and happy, Cas grinned at him. “Good. I thought about asking if you wanted to do it now, but I'm pretty sure your mom would kill me and then your dad would hide my body.”
They wound up ordering Chinese food and they stuffed themselves before curling up on the couch together. Cas stretched out on his back, Dean laying on top of him, head tucked beneath Cas's chin as they watched crap TV. It felt nice, the way Cas held him. The rumble of Cas's occasional laughter beneath Dean's ear.
And just when Dean thought he couldn’t take any more, Cas braced himself over Dean with an arm under Dean's head and kissed him so thoroughly it left him breathless with wanting. “Cas, c'mon, please. I need you to…” Cas tongued at the spot just under Dean's chin, and he groaned at the burst of pinprick pleasure. “Touch me, oh fuck. Mmm. Touch me, please.”
Sam’s eyes narrowed at him, and Dean suppressed a grin. He probably shouldn't be pushing it, since Sam had yet to complain about whatever this thing Dean had going on with Cas was. Maybe he’d get lucky and Sam would just repress this whole awkward moment.
Resigned, Dean let out a gusty sigh, “Yeah, okay. Here,” he handed Sam the laundry and glanced at Cas. “C’mon, let's go grab the stuff from your trunk. I hope you brought bleach. We’re gonna need
The splash of pink on Cas’s face rose in intensity, and his eyes darkened slightly. And wasn’t that interesting? Cas cleared his throat. “I—well—yes, Joshua highly recommended you for this job. I’m certain you’ll be very,” he coughed a little, face turning redder. “Very satisfactory. In… in… your role here.”
Cas’s hand slid down Dean’s arm on its way back to his side. His blue eyes sparkled, a little mischievous. “Good. I seem to remember you were always the stronger Winchester.”
Cas didn't voice that though, he kept it to himself, heart beating dangerously fast. “Hmm. On your back for now.”
“That what you're into, Cas?” Dean asked, smirk in his voice. “You wanna tie me up and dominate me?”
The pegasus twitched its ear, going stockstill for a moment. Then between one blink and the next it was gone and Dean was staring at an empty clearing. How did something that big move that fast? How had Dean missed it taking off?
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. “Yeah but…” he trailed off arms flapping down to his sides uselessly. He examined Dean's face for a moment then nodded his head toward the back. “I need to sit down for this and it sounds like this is gonna be the kind of conversation you're not gonna want to be totally sober for.”
Sam said wearily, “but you shouldn’t have to fix it all up by yourself just ‘cause I can’t be here. Besides, Cas knows what he’s doing.”
Just as Dean thought he’d lose it, Cas let him go. Swaying on his feet, Dean’s stomach clenched and his face flamed when Cas steadied him with one hand.
Surprisingly, John and Mary were cool about it. Even though Mary was pale from worry she’d winked at them, and said that she couldn't imagine separating them after an ordeal like that. Cas had smiled through his exhaustion, and then Mary had sent them all up to bed for some much needed rest.
That was excusable. Less excusable, probably, was that currently he was staring at his Kindle Paperwhite, loaded up with every book he could find under the name James Novak, and whoo, boy had there been a lot, and Holy fuck, every single back cover description had made his pants a little snugger and his heart race with a guilty excitement.
A bell dings, and the next thing Castiel knows, he’s pushing Dean into the empty elevator and shoving him against the side wall, pressing his whole body against Dean’s. “Tell me you have a room.”
“Come on, before I end up defiling my store with you,” Cas said as he stepped back, his hand sliding down Dean's arm until it wrapped around his wrist to lead him.
“Haven't got any,” Dean interrupted; he didn't have a sweet clue what he was gonna do, hadn't ever let himself consider the possibilities because there wasn't
Soothingly, Cas pressed another soft kiss to Dean's lips, “I do,” he promised, honesty in every word, warmth laced through them. “You know it was me, too.” He dragged his lips along Dean’s cheekbone, and whispered hotly in his ear, “I can feel you, Dean. Trust me.”
Maybe if he’d been able to bring himself to admit the reason that he’d been staying home to Mom, she’d’ve let him have a little more time away, but he hadn't. He couldn't bring himself to tell anyone. He wasn’t ready to see disappointment and fear in their eyes when they looked at him. Why couldn’t he just be
Sam's sleeping in his room, and Jack is watching Scooby Doo on Sam's laptop, but he's sitting in Dean's room. It's clear that Jack misses Dean acutely and Cas's chest tightens as he stands in the doorway. Jack's got one of Dean's pillows hugged to his chest and his eyes are glued on the screen. It hurts. Not just because Cas misses Dean, too—though he does with a fierceness that rivals when Sam and Dean were locked away and he couldn't find them—but because Jack and Sam are hurting, as well.
“Dean,” Cas growled against his mouth, command in his voice and hands on his hips to still him. “Your room. I want you on your bed. I want you naked, and I want it right now.”
They weren't expecting him, so instead of using his palm print to unlock the charmed thick wooden doors and enter, he banged his fist on it. Stepping back he looked up at the lowest window and as expected, Jo cautiously peered down, and noticed it was him before she unlatched the glass and stuck her head out.
Every single part of Cas's body, his mind, focused on Dean. Every second of this scorched itself into him, like a brand on his soul. “Dean,” he whispered reverently as he sped his pace, “Dean, fuck. You’re so—” he sucked in a ragged breath, “fuck, you’re so perfect. So incredible.”
“What? I'm not allowed to play too?” Dean teases, letting Cas go and earning himself a borderline pissed glance over Cas's shoulder for not holding on. He pats Cas's ass and watches the look in his eyes morph toward desire. “C’mon. Dinner's gonna get cold and I promise we'll get back to this later.”
He ruffled his hand through his hair and said, “Just asking. Not like you have anyone else to talk to, so you might as well talk to me. Plus I care, Dean.”
him. It’s like every moment spent without Cas’s eyes on him is just a shadow of what life is like when he focuses all of that intensity on him. Lightning sparks of electricity that scatter along Dean’s nerves and flash hot pleasure in his veins. Tense, tense moment where he thinks he might actually come like this, Cas’s fingers barely moving inside him, not a hand on his dick, just the blazing heat in Cas’s eyes, all for him. But Cas knows him—knows Dean’s tells—and the way he’s holding his breath is a dead giveaway. Before he can beg him not to stop, Cas’s fingers are gone and Dean lets out a whimper that makes him shudder with embarrassment and desire for more.
The breathy sexy sounds Castiel’s making spark along Dean’s skin like firecrackers, make him almost as needy as the slick flooding his mouth. He wants to be inside of Castiel so fucking bad, and he’ll do whatever Castiel wants to get there.
“Top floor,” Dean pants, “complimentary gift.” Then, like he’s struggling to maintain some form of composure with Castiel now scenting him—and God, Dean smells impossibly better up close like this, he smells like daydreams and escape and
“What the—” Sam breathed, and Cas’s gaze followed Sam’s over to a pile of ashes that were glowing faintly bue. Whatever Sam finished his sentence with was inaudible over the blood pulsing in Cas's ears because that tug in his gut suddenly gave a hard yank and he stumbled forward involuntarily.
Later, when Jack goes to the kitchen, Cas stays in Dean's room. He prays even though Dean can't hear him—it doesn't work like that. He prays anyway, just like he does every night.
Not long after he finished up, the unmistakable sound of Cas’s truck rumbled to a stop in front of the house. Who knew that the sound of a crappy truck could perk Dean’s dick up like that? Then again, Dean’d been hard on and off since he’d left the store. He was desperate to get Cas’s hands on him.
In a wild somersault, Cas's stomach swoops. Dean starts to pull away, but Cas chases after him and seals their mouths again. Firmer. Against his lips, Dean sighs a shaky breath and he says, “Just as good as I thought it'd be.”
The smile Ellen gave him was watery, “He made a lot of mistakes, Dean. Stuff he said to you … that kinda stuff sticks with you and festers. I hope you know you're a real good kid. Always were.”
Before Cas had turned eighteen—before he'd woken up with Dean's name blazing behind his closed eyes—his life at home’d been pretty damn close to hell on earth. He'd spent the majority of it hiding in his room and trying not to piss off his uncle, Zachariah. Cas’d always been terrified he'd say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing and end up with a black eye or bruised ribs or worse to show for it.
Nimble fingers undo Dean's tie and leave it dangling before starting on the buttons of his shirt. Dean's hands lift from their grip on Castiel's waist and push his own blazer off, leaving it trapped against the door at the small of his back.
Whether it was meant for Castiel or himself, Dean’s got no idea. Either way it’s kind of true. He shuts the door behind her and hits the lock button on the doorknob. “Get yourself together, Your
Pink satin panties with lace edging the legs, and a cute little bow in the front were laid out on Cas's bed. He flushed, but it was checked off on the list and he wanted to try it. Dean's fingertips brushed over the smooth material and just imagining how it was gonna feel against his dick made his jeans snugger. A rush of embarrassment heightened his arousal and a prickling heat crept down his chest.
Yay!! We're past the halfway point now. Sorry it's been a while, I promise we're working hard to get this out to you guys. <3<3
Dean didn't even bother to debate. He crossed his arms and his mind scrambled for a way out of this. A way to save Sam, save them all, but his mouth shot off all on its own. “Yeah, no thanks.”
So far he'd only caught glimpses, and never head on. Until now. Until he was staring at glowing blue eyes and wracking his brain for any recollection of lore that mentioned glowing vibrant blue eyes among the features of a pegasus.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean noticed that Sammy kept looking over at him under his bangs with the same little smile Dad had and Dean thought he needed a freakin’ haircut. He ignored him too and dug in, pretending that he couldn't see the way everyone was just dying to ask him who his soulmate was and did he know them and what was he gonna do.
For a while, Dean got to lose himself in someone taking care of him. He didn’t have to feel guilty because it was part of the scene. His cuff was still on his wrist and dangling over the side of the tub as Cas knelt on the bathmat, washing him and whispering soft words of praise into his hair and skin.
Cas doesn’t get to finish the picture he’s painting for Dean. His back bows and his whole body locks up, mouth parted around a silent moan. Heat coils fast at the base of his spine, and explodes outward in a shower of pleasure that pulses wildly through him. Splashes of jizz land on his stomach, his chest and he holds his breath for long moments as he comes so hard that he couldn’t breathe if he wanted to.
“Dean—” he tried to ask if Dean wanted to stop or slow down, but Dean cut him off with a hot swirl of his tongue around Cas's.
Rapidly, Dean’s temperature soared as the taste and scent of Cas jacked up his arousal. He wanted to get closer to Cas, needed it. So he pressed himself into the hard line of Cas’s body and let him feel just how turned on he was for the second time that day.
Dean’s cheeks burned, probably red, he hadn’t meant for Cas to catch that. “Uh … yeah. Um, see you.”
he still couldn't stop thinking about the book cover on Cas's computer. The man with the lacy panties, the email subject behind it just visible asking for Cas's approval.
Considering that he couldn’t stop thinking about the night before—about Cas—it wasn’t really even a question, was it? He replied with,
Cas insisted on going with Dean. His crossbow wasn’t the best for close quarters, but he had a gun he kept in a boot holster, a knife in the other, and for the most part he found vantages he could defend Dean from. They worked well as a team, and this time was no different. They worked in teams of four, and they all knew which ground to cover.
Once they'd gathered as many of Cas's arrows as they could, Dean finally let himself survey the carnage. The sun was getting low, and clouds were rolling in, orange light and shadows lending a surreal glow the the scene. Dean didn't count the bodies, but he was impressed they'd made it through all that mostly unscathed. He'd been ready to die back there, making a last stand to save Cas and Sam, Benny and Jo, except the stubborn dicks wouldn't let him. Thank fuck.
Dean allowed himself time to reflect on how exactly he felt. “My powers seem more controllable now that I know what they are, now that some of the energy’s bled off.” He bit his lip and let himself take better stock of the fact that it no longer felt like he needed to push his power down constantly. “I'm gonna talk to doctor Lafitte and see if he can help me do some research into phoenix’s. I trust him to keep it under wraps.”
Cas can't help it, he rolls his eyes and lets out a breathless sort of chuckle as relief relaxes his muscles. “How?”
Somehow, his embarrassment over the disaster that was spaghetti seemed to have faded with Dean’s good naturedness. He felt a little foolish, though, as he glanced over at the pot of gluey pasta he’d need to clean later. For now, he forced his gaze away from the mess, and did his best to ignore the lingering smell of burnt meat.
There was a shout of pain, and Cas saw Benny shoot a creature that had gotten too close, red gashes left bleeding along his side. He fell to the ground. Dean and Jo closed ranks around him, protecting him.
The sun was barely risen, weak orange light glowing on the cobblestones between long shadows. Only a few people were wandering the street below Dean's window. The morning air was crisp, but Dean left the window cracked for Baby as he wandered into his washroom.
“Please,” Dean begs, hands clenching in the sheets at his sides while Castiel trails wet, biting kisses along his jaw, down his neck. All Dean can focus on his the pleasure coursing through him, the sweet smell of Castiel’s slick making him dizzy with longing. “Wanna taste you so bad. Fuck, smell so good, Cas.”
He skimmed a couple more how-to’s and finally found the checklist Cas had talked about. It was pretty long. Dean got up off the couch and went to hopefully find a pen in one of the kitchen drawers. Successful, he took it back to the couch with him and got comfortable. There were four columns next to the acts listed: yes, no, maybe, and notes.
sleeping with him. Because, when he thinks about it, it’s just sexual, right? This thing between him and Castiel.
His stomach swooped excitedly, and he pushed further into Cas’s hands, “Spank me, Cas. Please.…” Dean groaned low in his throat when Cas’s hands left his skin. “Spank me, please, sir.”
He felt Dean's hesitation before he spoke. “I don't know. I mean… I don't feel bad that I killed all those people. I… I should, but I don't.” Almost absently, his thumb rubbed circles on the bare skin of Cas's back. “All I feel is relieved that they can't hurt you or Sam now.” He inhaled a shaky breath and blew it out. “Cas, I didn't hesitate. I didn't even flinch. I mean, for you or my family, the things I'm willin' to do or kill… it just… uh, it scares me.”
They were startled out of their little staring contest when Sam popped around the corner. “Oh. Hey, Cas. Guess you found Dean.”
There was a beat where Dean appeared to be sizing him up, and then he said, “Yeah, sure. Why not? I kinda wanna see where you live anyway.”
Despite the thick tension from his family actually holding back their prying for once, though Dean had no idea why, they got through breakfast with some small talk from everyone but Dean. When he finished the last salty-sweet bite of sausage, he took his dishes to the sink and rinsed them off before he put them in the dishwasher.
At the door he tugged on his combat boots and leather jacket. Rapidly wrapped a scarf around his neck and pulled up the hood of his hoodie. He let himself out, sketchbook tucked under his arm, and locked up before he got his gloves on.
At lunch though, Dean was definitely getting used to his presence. He'd stopped flinching every time Cas sat down at his table and he’d evolved from mainly one word answers to longer sentences. Sometimes whole paragraphs if Cas got him on the right subjects, like his car, Vonnegut, pie and it's clear superiority to cake. Cas's lips twitched up.
The cabin was packed. People clustered in groups talking and laughing, and although they made an effort to include Cas in their discussions, his one word answers and lack of interest in small talk soon left him on the outskirts—his goal ever since Dean had announced Friday nights were a “big deal” at camp and he’d been dragged along to the party in borrowed clothes on Dean’s enthusiasm.
“If you come shower with me, I’ll order us Chinese and you can sleep over,” Cas offers hopefully. Dean grins, because that’s a plan that might be worth moving for.
Dean shivers, breath hitching in his throat and turning into a soft growl. “Gonna tell me how you like it?”
The door gave a little creak when he opened it and climbed out. Hopefully Cas wouldn’t mind and Dean wouldn’t have to keep wondering what Sam was being all cryptic about. He made his way around to the front of the building and briefly checked the place out.
So he'd bent over backwards trying to keep out of Zachariah's way, and had still managed to set him off on an irregular basis that meant every inch of his body had been continually attuned to his uncle whenever they'd been in the same room; hyper aware that anything he did could be the wrong thing.
Dean follows Cas's instructions to the letter, crawling up onto the mattress and sprawling out with his hands above his head. Then he waits. And waits. Every second ticking by seems to draw out longer until he stops trying to count the seconds and just lets himself relax.
He faced Cas, moving in close until they were chest to chest. Cas's lips were right there, open, his face tilted up and waiting for Dean to kiss him. Heat pulsed in Dean's gut. He wanted Cas, badly. Had been dying to get him here all night and still, he just let his warm breath puff against Cas's lips.
After was why when Sam applied to Stanford, Dean’d followed him instead of sticking around under his father’s thumb. The last thing he needed was to end up with even less control over his life. Married to someone because Dad decided he was too old to be unmated. As if being mated was Dean’s sole damn purpose in life. He clenched his jaw, a tick of muscle.
“I told you like five minutes after I woke up about Meg!” Charlie said with hurt shining in her hazel eyes.
Beneath his note was a link to a Google Play playlist titled Dean's top 13 Zepp traxx. He tapped back over to Dean's message, figuring he'd check out the list after he finished texting.
He was only eighteen, still in highschool and he didn't have much money. Just the life insurance that his parents had set up to pay out monthly for his care, with a moderately sized lump sum he got access to on his eighteenth birthday. Luckily for him, no one could get at the trust but him once he was old enough. If Zachariah’d had his way, he’d have burned through it all years ago and Cas wouldn't have had a cent to his name.
Cas nodded in agreement, a spark of amusement in his eyes when he added, “I have practical experience working with wood.”
So Cas did it again. This time he sucked Dean's bottom lip gently into his mouth, slowly allowing his teeth to graze the swell of Dean’s lip as he sat back. Fingers curling in the back of Cas's hair, Dean chased him after him, tongue tracing Cas’s lips before he pushed it past them, into his mouth.
The monsters were overrunning them. Cas could only reload so fast, and then Dean was hauling him up by the back of his shirt and shoving him toward the house. “Go, go, go, go, go!”
Logically, hunching his shoulders wasn't gonna do jack all to make him smaller, but it was mostly unconscious and whenever he did notice himself doing it, he didn't really care to correct it.
His fingertips brush foil and he grins. It takes him a few seconds of slippery struggling to tear it open, but then he slicks himself up with a few pumps of his fist, letting out a groan, staring at Cas in the dark, and then he shifts forward on his knees a little.
The shadowlight’s gaze sharpened on Dean. There was a tense moment—every single hair on Dean’s skin standing on edge, and then all of the fight suddenly drained from the shadowlight like air rushing from its lungs.
An arrow whizzed past him before Dean even noticed the monster silently stalking them. His eyes went wide when it dropped from a tree branch a few feet in front of him. What the hell even
He slides the head of his cock between Cas's cheeks, and guides it down with a hand wrapped around the base until it's right where they both want it. Then he pauses, and waits for it.
to look at the computer, but he'd sat on the couch, and his gaze had gone straight to the screen, and then what was he supposed to do? Not look closer at the porn right in front of him? Yeah, right, okay.
hard as hell and starting to slick. Again. Cas followed him down, close enough that Dean felt the heat of Cas’s leg where it curled up on the couch so that Cas was facing him. “Yeah, did the checklist too,” Dean pointed to the paper on the coffee table. Heat rose in his cheeks as Cas reached out and picked it up.
When John had found out, he’d been over the moon. He’d laughed excitedly and kissed her breathless and then he’d dropped to his knees and pressed a gentle kiss to her stomach—told her he was saying hi to the little guy and her heart melted all over again at those gorgeous eyes filled with love.
Okay, so it was wrong, but since when did Dean follow rules to the letter… or make great decisions in general…
“Like a baby giraffe learning how to walk,” Dean teased and laughed at the glare that earned him. “So who's your new friend?”
Dean’s whole body feels strung too-tight. He wants—he just wants—and he knows he’ll get it if he’s patient, he’s just gotta hold out. His eyes drift closed and he feels it right into his core when Cas’s voice, so low and rough, growls his name and forces them open.
Change isn’t Dean’s strong suit, but there was really only so long he could suck up to Dick Roman and keep a hold on his dignity. So when Sandover had finally sent him an offer that was worth it, he’d quickly taken the opportunity to get outta dodge.
With Dean, Cas thrived on secret warm smiles, lingering touches and stolen kisses, on the things that Dean was quickly coming to feel for him. He supposed it would be a weird concept if someone was thinking about feeding in terms of food, because for an incubus feeding on intimacy didn't provide nourishment in the same way eating did.
In slow motion he reached his weathered hands up, softly cupped her cheeks and offered her a smile that bordered on sad. Her heart ached with the emotion in his eyes and he hadn’t spoken a word to her, but something about him felt timeless and so much older than the body she saw in front of her.
Castiel’s coming too, the thought hits him like a freight train and he shudders, euphoric and shaky.  When he can finally breathe again, Dean reaches down and tugs on Castiel’s shoulder, “Come here,” he repeats, and Castiel looks up tiredly from where his cheek is rested against Dean’s thigh.
Cas leans down over him, tugging the wrist that doesn't have his watch on it behind Dean's back, holding it there between them. “Yes, you can, boy,” his voice is dark and hard, and Dean bucks back against him, so fucking aroused. “I know you can be good for me, Dean. How much longer?”
Eventually, Dean had to admit the odds of any of that happening were infinitesimally low. Cas wasn't gonna talk to him in the first place. He hadn't yet, and as far as Cas probably knew this was just any other day. There was nothing special about it to anyone who didn't know Dean.
Frowning, Dean drops his gaze. “Obviously, Cas. I wouldn't just say somethin’ like that if I didn't.”
Panting, Dean finally pulled off and sat back on his heels, lips swollen-red and shiny, “Yeah. Yes. Please, Cas.”
As Cas kissed bruises into his thighs, the cut of his groin, Dean threw his head back on a moan. Pleasure pulsed through him, made him lightheaded and hazy—out of control in the best way.
Inside the library, Dean crept forward, leaving a trail of water behind him as he peered around book stacks, looking for Sam. He could've just called out for him, but it seemed much more poetic to catch him off guard and scare the crap out of him. At least so long as Sam's gun was still hanging off his shoulder by that ratty strap Dean kept buggin’ him to switch out.
Dean rolled his eyes, warmth wriggling in his stomach, “Anyone would’ve done that, Cas. And it was just—”
They found Sam in the parking lot, leaning against the Corolla’s hood. Dean frowned at his burgundy car and decided that the first thing he was gonna do this week was fix up the Impala. He hadn’t realized just how much he’d missed her until they’d found her left to rust in the driveway.
thank you for beta'ing. <3 You caught a dropped plot thread I didn't even notice I missed on top of typos while dealing with a sick family, and I love you to the moon. <3
That fond look on Dean’s face was much too tempting. So Cas leaned in and kissed him. Just a slow, gentle press of their mouths together, a slight cling of their lips as he pulled away. The mildly dazed expression Dean wore when his eyelashes eventually fluttered open was just as appealing, it turned out.
By the time Cas finished speaking Dean’s mouth was desert dry with want. He had to clear his throat before he spoke. “Yeah, Cas. I want that.”
Like he didn’t fucking know that. Dean glared hatefully at her. If there was some way he could disrupt the warding he'd burn them all to the ground. And though he didn’t answer her, he hoped she could tell exactly what he was thinking by the murderous look on his face.
Castiel’s eyes widen a little when he registers the richness of Dean’s voice, the casual shortening of his name. He clears his throat and offers a quiet, “Hello.”
Charlie's lips pressed into a thin unimpressed line. Her face stony for a long pause before she deflated. “Fine, I'll promise on one condition.” Cas lifted a brow. “I'm your best friend, and I think it's time I made friends with him too. Set it up for me to come visit at lunch tomorrow.”
Sweat-drenched and trembling, Dean bolted upright on a guttural gasp. His fingers flew to the neck of his linen shirt and tugged as though it was the thing choking him rather than fear. Heaving lungfuls of air rushed past his lips while he blinked sightlessly at his room.
And that wound up being the perfect conversation changer, because Sam's crush on Sarah Blake was an open secret. He hadn't come out and admitted it or anything, but Sam talked about her all the time. The discussion about their project ate up the rest of the drive.
She cut him off, “Super shy, yeah, yeah. Give him notice so he can mentally prepare for the awesomeness that’s me. Look, he needs more friends than just you. So, let's break him in slow.”
What he wasn’t entirely prepared for, however, was just how sexy Dean would look when he came out, skin turned pink from the heat, brown hair damp. He was wearing Cas's pants along with his own black tee and green flannel shirt—but those were Cas’s sweatpants and underneath them, his underwear. Some animalistic part of Cas growled
One second he was staring at snarling teeth and dangerous hooves, and the next a man stood before him, his lips set in a grim line, his dark hair tangled. Glowing blue eyes that haunted Dean’s nightmares were steadfastly focused on him.
"I just wondered if you were—you seemed—are you all right?" Cas was peering at him all full of concern like Dean wasn't kneeling out here in the dirt perving on him.
Dean’s eyes snapped back to Cas’s when his voice went low and hot, “I could do that, but first,” he brushed his thumb across Dean's bottom lip as he cupped his face, leaned in and pressed his mouth to Dean’s in an easy kiss. Just a flick of his tongue and then he pulled back, “I’ve been dying to do that since you walked in.”
Wetly, Dean licked at the base of it, sucked a kiss up the underside, tongue tracing the vein there, then laving over the head. The salty-bitter burst of precome that he teased out of Cas's slit made Dean’s cock jerk in his panties. God, he loved this, the musky smell of Cas, the heady taste of him. He dipped his tongue into the slit, sucking the head into his mouth. Cas grabbed onto Dean's hair, and Dean heard Cas's breathing go choppy, rough as he guided Dean to suck him in deeper.
Lilith’s grin was amused, dangerous. “Maybe. Not when it comes to this though.” She widened her eyes like an idea had just come to her, the worst acting Dean’d ever had the misfortune to witness. “I
A few more thrusts of Cas's fingers passed, and then his hand came down hard on Dean's ass—a rush of pain mingling with the pressure and slide of Cas's fingers inside of him. Dean bit his lip and clamped down to hold off his orgasm. “Fuuuuuccckkk. Yeah … ah, just like that, Cas. Please, sir.”
There's no place he'd rather be than in the home they'd made together, with Dean. Sometimes it feels like meeting Dean was when Castiel's story really started. There's no telling where it'll end, but Castiel plans to spend as much of the in-between as he can with Dean. The good, the bad, the end of the world? So long as he gets to have this—have Dean?
“Uh… no.” The voice that replied was low and sexy enough to perk Dean's interest. He hoped the owner matched it. He also hoped he wouldn't have to kill the guy. You never knew these days if someone you just met was gonna be friendly or psychopathic. He guessed back before the end of the world you wouldn't have known either, but at least people had probably shown
Cas slowly bites down on his bottom lip and stretches, back arching, arms splayed out above his head as his legs fall apart. A wicked grin replaces his smirk, and Dean groans even though he
Still. The little fucker was dead meat when Dean got ahold of him. Making him worry just 'cause he needed his geek fix. Not cool. If this wasn't one of the quieter areas of the city, Dean probably would've been frantic, but he would've heard Sam's gun if he was in any real danger. And there wasn't much this way that attracted the monsters.
There was the flirtatious tone back in Dean’s voice, and Cas reacted to it instantly. God, it’d been so long. He cleared his throat and sent Dean a lopsided smile, the one he barely remembered how to make, but Dean’s green eyes went dark and intent all the same. “I am.”
Cas ignored him, standing his ground as the boy ran past him and waited for an opportunity. He sighted the creature, lined up his shot, and gently nudged the trigger, hurling a bolt into the monster and taking it down. It skidded along the pavement before coming to a stop in an unsightly heap.
The brunette girl with her top off in Castiel’s lap startles upright at the sound of the door slamming into the wall. “Oh my god!” she cries out as she grabs her shirt and yanks it back on.
Dean wets his lips and clears his throat, Cas's words shoot a rush of heat right to his dick, making it bob beneath blue satin. “I … can you kiss me? Please?”
As if anything about that offer was tempting. As if Dean would ever willingly put himself before anyone. His ambitions in life were so much simpler than that: keep everyone safe. So, no, he wasn’t gonna accept a bargain that wrecked the world to save himself. “Yeah, sure, and what? Help him torch half the planet?”
They drank in silence, Dean not wanting to interrupt the religious experience Cas was currently having. Which reminded Dean of his own damn near religious experience the night before. Heat curled in his gut. Cas seemed so unassuming and uncertain of himself at the party, but the second Dean had him alone, it was like a switch flipped. Hot, demanding, everything Dean liked in a partner, and he was even sexier under those clothes than Dean would’ve expected. Arousal simmered in Dean’s gut, and he set his empty mug down beside the bed.
“Hey,” Sam said, suddenly back beside Dean. “Looks like it’s clearing out, so we’ll be able to go soon.”
Dean's body stiffened, he bit down on Cas's bottom lip, hard, and came with a long, low groan. Cas jerked him through every spurt and tremor until Dean was shaking with oversensitivity.
“Psst. Cas.” Cas glanced down the deserted street at Dean. The area they were in wasn’t one Dean frequented, but they were on the hunt for meds and supplies. The usual places Dean and his people scavenged had run dry, so they’d decided to venture farther. People tended to get sicker over the winter, and Cas had idly wondered what would happen when they finally ran out of places to look. That was something to worry about later though.
Cas leaned closer and kissed Dean’s hip, soft lips warm, wet tongue, and the scrape of his stubble. He stood back up, and his gaze travelled over Dean’s body from his feet all the way back up to his eyes. Dean bit back a whimper, teeth dug into his bottom lip.
“Mmnn… I…” Dean gulped in air, squeezing his eyes shut and trying not to squirm. “Please, Cas. I—I need you to touch my cock. Please.”
“I’m sure I can handle pb&j sandwiches Dean. I do feed myself on occasion,” he replied, more amused than offended.
Just below his hairline at the back of his neck, Cas’s hand settled and squeezed gently. Soothing some of the nerves that were fluttering in Dean’s stomach and replacing them with warm reassurance, Dean's muscles relaxed.
Cas wasn't sure what he was doing in this camp, surrounded by these people, with Dean, when he'd planned to keep his distance from anyone else. He supposed, rather fancifully, that mere mortals were incapable of denying Dean Winchester something he wanted. Cas had only known him a few hours and he already knew that much about the man.
ain't got nothin’ to do with it Sam. It's just how it is. Just—leave it alone, okay?” Dean interrupted, resigned and tired, just done with this whole conversation. This whole thing, actually.
Dean's body relaxed, and fuck if that didn’t send shocks of pleasure through Cas—if he couldn’t practically feel some barrier between them dropping. His senses sharpened, heat at the base of his spine pulling in tight.
Distantly, he’s aware that Castiel’s fisting his cock, rubbing his knot while he kitten licks around the head, but most of Dean’s concentration is taken up with how damn delicious Castiel tastes, on making Castiel feel good. Subtly, Castiel starts rocking back against Dean's mouth, and a satisfied growl erupts from Dean's chest as he pushes his tongue in as deep as he can. Swirling it inside and withdrawing again just to do it all over and over.
The thought was tempting. The power imbalance of it appealed to him, he knew that from experience. Right now though, more than he wanted to dominate Dean, he just wanted to
“Laundry’s piled up about yea high,” Sam held his hand up next to his waist, “but it looks like the machines work. I’ll go throw those in the washer and then we can go grab cleaning stuff.”
So he goes to work; he cooks a complicated pasta dish that he watches a YouTube video to make, puts garlic bread in the oven, sets the dining room table up with candles and the fancy china his mom gave them. He dims the lights, and when it's all ready to go, he wanders up to their bedroom to get Cas.
A minute later Dean walked up to him, brow furrowed, clearly confused about Cas's presence at his locker. He hadn't done this before, so Cas didn't blame him. He was gorgeous though, green eyes curious and lips pushed out in concentration like he was trying to figure out what was going on before he got there.
With a sob that was wrenched from deep in his chest, Dean had thrown himself forward through the fire, right into Dad's arms. He'd clung tightly while Dad rushed them out of his room and watched over his shoulder as the flames had spread out of control, licking up the walls and kissing the ceiling before he buried his face in Dad's neck and failed in his attempt not to cry.
“Dean,” he pants, voice wrecked, fucking Dean just the way he likes it, pushing them both higher and higher.
Dean’s eyes grew wide and his mouth went dry when he saw Cas, because Cas was goddamn hot in the tight black pants and crisp white short-sleeve button-up shirt he was wearing. Did he mention the harness? Three black leather straps with silver buckles across his abdomen starting just above his belly button and the last one just shy of his pecs. A strap on each side that crossed all the three belts and up over his shoulders like ridiculously sexy suspenders.
Just then, Dean's stomach made its discontent known with a loud gurgle that made them both grin. “C’mon, let's go figure out what to eat.”
“Slow,” Cas demanded, hot all over, and Dean’s eyes widened as he licked his lips—a habit Cas had always cursed and loved in equal measure.
A mild sliver of jealousy wormed through Dean, followed by a quickflash of guilt for being unjustifiably jealous that Sam was getting hugged and he wasn’t. And since when did he need hugs, anyway? Denial or not, Dean craved physical comfort right then.
That earned him a half-smile and a wave that dissipated the tightness in Dean's chest enough that he felt like he could get himself under better control. He took the long way from Sam's school to his, giving himself time to calm down even more. Inhaling deep breaths, he listened to Metallica’s Nothing Else Matters while he drove.
“Dean, eyes on me.” Dean looked back up, and Cas smiled at him, “That’s good. I’m glad you added that. Are you okay with those things tonight?”
It was a trick, that was all. Designed to evoke sympathy in Dean, but he knew better. Disgust curled up his lip and he glowered at Cas. “I'll be back for you in the morning,” he swore, voice rough with the hatred seething in his gut. “And then I'm gonna make you talk, whatever it takes. I'm not sure why you're working with Stormridge, but it doesn't surprise me. I told you to stay the hell away, Cas. You shoulda listened.”
“I'll go exactly as fast as I choose to. And I have the feeling… you'll like what I choose.” Dean's little gasp was proof Cas was right.
Cas had to have felt the way Dean’s cock jerked. “H-harder, think red hot before you fuck me. I, um, like the way it feels.”
After he’d laid out his clothes on the bed, he grabbed his towel along with his travel kit and headed back into the bathroom. He hung up his towel on the door, set his travel kit on the counter next to the sink. Methodically, and half on autopilot, he got out his shampoo and body wash, stuck them on the shelf in the shower.
Heat curled in Cas’s gut, in response to what Dean was doing to him and the hot little moans and needy noises Dean was making.
A full fifty percent of his blood surges south in a fierce rush of arousal, and he quickly shuts the door again. Fuck, fuck, fuck. His blazer’s done up at least, enough coverage that no one’s gonna notice the giant goddamn boner he’s now sporting. Screw Castiel. He did that on purpose.
So he prods Cas into sitting up and lazily dressing. Once they're fully clothed, Dean shirtless under his jacket, he kisses the tired smile on Cas's lips and loves the way Cas responds, cupping Dean's cheeks and kissing him back so softly.
A flash of movement caught Cas's eye, then another. They'd been lulled into a false sense of safety, and now they were about to be caught off guard. Cas glanced around fast, noting several more creatures stalking them from behind and the sides, circling in. Sam went rigid beside him, following his line of sight. His fingers tightened on his rifle.
“Mostly to feel closer to him temporarily,” he explains, cheeks flushing slightly with his admission.
Missing Dean despite seeing him every day has only faded a little since then. Possibly due to Castiel's overly dependent nature, or a side effect of having unfettered access to him for so long before real life had so rudely intruded.
Then again neither was the way he'd been staring at Dean's ass earlier when he bent over to slide off the dirt caked kneepads he was wearing off. If they hadn't been so dirty from kneeling on rocky earth, he might have left them on, with the way Cas eyed them.
Cas rolls his eyes, and crosses his arms but a smile tugs at his lips. “Tell Benny and Jo I say hi, and I'm sorry they have to put up with you all day.”
He had work to do. Such as approving this cover. He finally managed to look away from Dean long enough to evaluate the image. He liked it, but he wasn't entirely fond of the font they'd selected for the title.
His throat is scratchy and his eyes burn, and he's so tired of pretending to be okay. He's falling apart without Dean. They keep getting chance after chance to talk about what's been happening between them and they never do. It's been years,
It isn’t really any wonder that he spends basically all of his time now thinking about Cas; about his big hands and his deep blue eyes, those pink lips, and God, his dick has to be the prettiest Dean’s ever seen. Thick and long, curves up toward his belly and flushes dark when he’s turned on. Everything Dean’s ever wanted, and he lives right across the street.
“Oh.” Dean looked surprised. Then that melted into nervousness but there was want on his face too, a little rush of pink that flashed over his cheeks, “Um.”
Cas nodded, an exaggerated motion. “Right. Yes. That. Thank you.” After an awkward little wave, Cas retreated into the house. Dean stood there with his hands on his hips, smirking and looking after him for a moment before he got down to work.
Smiling warmly, Cas trails his fingers over Dean's scruffy jaw and thumbs over his cheekbones. “Love you too. Now get going. I've got things to write.”
Every smirk from Cas that sent blood rushing to Dean's face—a faint hint of arousal on him that Cas could just barely scent—was like another hit, enough to soothe his appetite.
“Cas, meet Dean, world's biggest pain in the a—oh my god.” He slapped himself hard in the face, turning beet red, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “Ugh gross. I didn't need to scar myself for life and yet I did. Can we just go home now?”
“Dean,” the command in Cas's voice forces Dean to look back up into his eyes. There's a softness there that Cas doesn't usually let show when they're playing like this. “You drive me crazy. I've jerked off more in the last six months thinking about you than I have since I was a teenager. It's safe to say you have a profound effect on me.”
Another kiss pressed to his hair, soft, warm breath against his scalp and Cas felt a small smile pull at his lips. Softly, Dean said, “Okay.”
She looked flatly at him, clearly implying that was a stupid idea. It wasn't though; the peace between Dean's kingdom, Laurellia, and the northern kingdom of Stormridge might’ve been relatively new, but it
“Do you think he can hear you?” Jack asks from the doorway and Cas bolts up to sitting, wiping away the tears in his eyes.
Michael, then Jack needs to be kept safe until he can defeat him again. We don't have a choice. Go!”
He and Cas headed cautiously outside. As Dean was yanking arrows out of monster meatsacks, Cas spotted one last straggler and near silently took it down. Dean whistled low. Cas rolled his eyes, but shot him a smirk.
With a smile still curling on his lips, he trailed teasing closed mouth kisses along Cas's shoulder, up the side of his neck. A stutter in Cas's breathing and the way his grip on Dean's arm tightened let him know Cas was awake. “Morning,” he whispered into the skin just beneath Cas's ear.
Everything looked the same. Still, driving into Lawrence, Dean couldn’t help thinking that in the ten years he’d been gone—in all the ways that counted—everything had changed. The sky was a grim grey and the wet pavement showed how recently rain had fallen, but there wasn’t any splashing on the windshield right then. His view was clear as he navigated through familiar neighborhoods on autopilot. Everything was green with spring. Fresh new leaves on the trees, bushes, grass that looked healthy.
There’s nothing that gets Dean off more than figuring out what makes his partner lose it and giving it to them. It’s a special kind of pride that sears hot in his gut and heats him up, and there’s something even better about doing it for Castiel.
He's out his door and crawling into the back of the car as fast as he can. The second they're both in, with the doors closed, Cas climbs into his lap, knees on either side of Dean's thighs.
Dean’s entire face went a dark pink, cheekbones and forehead, tips of his ears. And wasn’t that adorable and hot and
His head spun with desire, with need. A breathy little whine escaped his throat, and he felt himself starting to slick. Embarrassment and arousal burned Dean's cheeks, shot his temperature up. Instantly, Cas reacted to the scent, grinding forward against Dean. The friction of Cas’s hip against his cock, the feel of Cas hard against his thigh, sparked a rush pleasure; made him moan into Cas’s mouth. In a frantic attempt to get even closer Dean hitched his leg up around Cas’s waist. The smooth glide of Cas’s hand under his thigh like fire.
So instead of putting on blockers and going through the usual nine yards of making himself smell like nothing more than TOM FORD Oud Wood that night, Dean just showers and doesn’t bother with the extra steps. It’s outside of work hours, and besides, after he puts in the minimum effort at the party, he’ll slip away and find a nearby bar.
His cheeks heated. He didn't say anything back, just laced his fingers with Cas's over his heart and closed his eyes to wait out Cas's knot.
“Right, sorry,” Dean chuckles and tells himself he doesn’t sound strained. Just focus on work, Dean. Just make it through this conversation. “Mr. Adler said he was sending you in. Why don’t you pull up a chair and we’ll get started.”
Dean’s agreement seemed to unlock some tension in Cas’s posture. He walked over to the couch opposite the one Dean occupied, deft fingers unknotting his tie as he sank down onto the brown leather. Behind him the wall to ceiling windows that faced the garden spilled light into the room, framing Cas in a glow that made this whole situation seem like a dream.
A little bubble of warmth burst in his chest and Dean smiled, “Why not? Kinda turns me on thinking about you being even more bossy. I … uh … I gotta admit though, I've never really done this. Or thought about it much. Will—” he glanced down at his boots, and then back up into Cas's eyes, “Would you teach me?”
Dean might be worried his morals were skewed or something was wrong with him, but Cas didn't share that concern. Not even a little bit. He knew Dean more intimately than he’d known anyone else before, and he
“Dean.” There was a tense moment before Cas took pity on him and changed the subject. “So you said Led Zeppelin is your favorite band. Name your top thirteen tracks.”
Dean can’t wait for the handoff—when Mr. Adler’s gonna introduce him to the guy who’s gonna get him up to speed. Castiel, he’s been told, will be able to go over the current pitches they’re working on.
“Just let go for me. Trust me, Dean. Not gonna hurt anyone.” Cas bit a kiss into the curve of Dean's neck, just above his collar, and Dean arched under him with a guttural moan of his name that Cas felt all the way to his toes.
Getting Dean back had only been the start. They've been through so much since then—almost 8 years worth of struggling, and successes, and so much more love than Castiel’d ever hoped for in his life. More than he's ever thought he deserves.
“I know,” Dean admitted, heart beating a little faster at the honesty in Cas’s voice. “It’s just … embarrassing.”
“Sam!” Dean exclaimed, voice hard, cutting him off. “I'll explain later, okay? I need to secure the shadowlight in the guard tower. I gotta do my job first.”
His hands in the top of Dean's hair force his head back, and then Cas kisses him, hot and demanding. Cas bites at Dean's bottom lip, and sucks the sting of it into a tingle of pleasure. Dean's dick fattens up, straining a little more against his jeans with every swirl of Cas's tongue, and when Cas pushes his hips forward, seeking contact, the hard press of his cock against Dean's belly jolts lust in a simmering arc straight to Dean's groin.
“It’s been so long since I’ve had it, I’m not sure I could tell,” Cas admitted, pausing to savor the smell of the coffee before sipping at it. The expression on his face was priceless; a man seeing the face of God. Dean had to bite his lip to keep from laughing.
At three-thirty he pulled up in front of Cas’s house. From the outside, it looked like any other one storey ranch style house—grey siding combined with lighter grey masonry, white trim and white columns that supported the roof over the front porch. Dean climbed out of his car and walked across the green grass of Cas’s lawn. Beneath the sleeve of his olive green jacket, he fiddled with the cuff he’d already locked onto his wrist.
“Uh-huh,” Dean agreed, pushed his ass out in a silent request, and Cas did it several more times. Quick snaps that warmed Dean’s skin and made him squirm, slick tickling as it slipped down thighs.
“Doing so good, baby,” Cas told him and Dean’s heart raced with the praise, pleasure that spread all through him. “Fuck, your ass looks good pink like this. Can’t wait to see it red.” Cool smooth leather dragged over his heated skin and Dean sighed out his approval.
Dean squeezes the muscles beneath his palms and Cas pushes back into it. Carefully, Dean tugs out the plug, sets it down on the seat beneath Cas for now.
And God, Dean feels him inhale, and then he lets out a soft little sigh. Dean's dick twitches, he’s so damn desperate, wanting Cas's mouth, wanting
A rustle of fabric accompanied Cas shrugging off his leather jacket, and drew Dean’s attention. Cas rolled up his t-shirt sleeve and fully revealed a new tattoo that spanned the entirety of his arm from his shoulder to wisps above the treeline tattoo that circled his wrist. Blue and green swirls that almost reminded Dean of Aurora Borealis.
Dean's awareness flashes in. No. They can't. If they find him, and Michael's in control, it’ll be a slaughter. No, he needs to warn them. But he can't. Just like he can't stop Michael from ridin’ around in him. They're all powerless. The pressure guiding him under is back, but Dean doesn't let it touch him this time. He needs to plan. He needs to think.
“Cas?” he asked once he'd moved out of the bustle of people surrounding them and stood directly in front of him.
“Good, Cas. So good.” He still wasn’t quite ready for this feeling to be over. “Cas, please gimme more … please … please, sir?”
“Very serious,” Dean said, then flushed darker, eyes dropping to Cas’s chest. “If you wanna. I just… I love you. I want you.”
They stay like that for a while, just kissing for kissing’s sake. It feels nice, and Dean likes the soft satisfied sighs he’s drawing out of Castiel. In a little bit they’re gonna have to face reality, but right now … he’s pretty damn happy with this. And he knows there’s no way that once ever could’ve been enough. That it wasn’t about getting Castiel out of his system. Because the truth of it is, that Castiel’d hardwired himself into Dean’s heart when he wasn’t looking. Judging by the way Castiel’s melting into him, Dean thinks it’s pretty safe to say that Castiel feels the same.
Even so, didn't it make him a monster for being the one to do it? That was where his thoughts divided.
The false humor in Lilith’s expression instantly vanished. “You're a smart boy. Or someone's been talking too much, but I'll tell you what Dean. You help me get him out, I'll guarantee you a place in his army. High ranking. You'll have respect, you'll have control. You can have it all.”
As he blinked all the way awake and hit the off button on his alarm, Dean groaned. Eighteen wasn't so old, but eighteen was scary. It meant you woke up with a name, the most important one you'd ever learn according to every single fae ever. Every fae but Dean; he didn't
Today he was extra smooth; all innuendo and smouldering looks, and Cas might actually combust. His last date was over a year ago, his dry spell had been going on so long he’d probably forgotten how to do any of this no matter how well he wrote it. And he was wholly unprepared for Dean to walk in this morning in
saw that, Gabe,” Meg said as she rolled her eyes and tucked her long curly dyed black hair behind her ear. “Anyway, so I was thinking, Friday night—”
The sun was blazing today, making Dean's white T-shirt stick to his skin in damp patches. He bent over to pick something up and the snug khaki shorts he was wearing pulled even tighter over his firm, round ass. Cas couldn't tear his gaze away if he tried. He bit down on his bottom lip and watched Dean give a little wiggle that could not possibly have been necessary. He was nine-tenths sure Dean knew he had Cas wrapped around his pinky finger, and he was also nine-tenths sure that Dean was teasing him. Perhaps he simply liked the attention, but it was driving Cas to distraction.
“It's just part of what we do.” Dean sent him a lopsided smile and bit down on his lower lip in a way that usually got him whatever he wanted. “Pick up strays here 'n there, some move on, some stay. My dad taught us if we could help people we had an obligation to.”
Low in his throat, Dean groans, images of Cas sinking down around him hot and wet flashing behind his eyes. “Sweetheart, I didn't bring lube, I thought we'd make it home.”
Castiel noses along Dean’s jaw, then leans up until his lips brush against Dean’s ear. “After you fuck me exactly the way I tell you to.”
“You’re kidding,” he’d said, wide blue eyes so bright in the sunset. “How did you—Dean, you’re pulling my leg, right?”
“Not gonna happen.” Dean smiles and kisses Cas. “I partied a lot last year, and yeah, it was fun … but I like the way things are now. I like making time to talk to you on the phone, I like getting A’s in my classes because I’m not showing up hungover. And Cas? I
He released his grip on himself and leaned up, cupping the side of Dean’s neck and pressing their mouths together in a sensual slide of lips and tongues. Dean sucked hard at Cas’s tongue, like he was savoring the taste of himself there. Reluctantly, Cas pulled back and rested with their foreheads together. “Next time, okay? I’ll pick us up some condoms and I’ll fuck you next time if that’s what you want.”
“You're crazy,” Dean replied, inching in front of Cas. Maybe he couldn’t protect him with his powers, but he could shield him with his body if he needed to.
“Neither did I, so how about we shelf the ‘I’m sorry’s?” Dean studied Cas’s face while Cas scrutinized him right back.
Shit. Fuck. Can he even do that? Clearly Cas thinks he can, because he sits back on his heels, kneeling between Dean's legs looking like sex personified. “Clothes off.”
For a moment, Castiel hovers over Dean, so close but not touching, and it's torture not to push up and complete the circuit, not to feel Castiel's skin hot against his, but Dean
Friday came along much too quickly, but Cas did his best. Charlie had brought over a vacuum cleaner and a mop. After which, she’d proceeded to sit on his couch with a bag of Doritos and ‘motivated’ him to work. Which basically meant that she’d played on the old nintendo system he’d rescued from a garage sale, occasionally pointing somewhere and saying, “Missed a spot.”
Teeth dug into his bottom lip before Cas sucked away the sting, the press of his tongue into Dean's mouth dominant and sexy. Cas kissed him like he wanted to devour him, like there was nothing in the world more important than tasting—than
Dean was shoving back with every thrust forward Cas made, angling himself so Cas was sliding in and out just the way Dean wanted him to. He fucked a little harder in response, encouraged by the breathy grunts and gasps Dean was making, fingers clenching around Dean’s hips, pulling him into it. Cas could feel his orgasm fast approaching. He dropped forward over Dean, getting an arm around his shoulders for leverage, thrusting harder, quicker.
He pushed his way through the sliding doors out front before either of the guys manning them had a chance to open them. No clue where he was going, but he couldn’t stay there right now. He ended up around the far side of the building, leaning on the wall. His head was tilted back against the white siding, cold evening air that made him shiver as he gulped in deep gasping breaths. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to block everything out as his heart pounded too fast in his chest and bile rose in his throat.
He loves that first slow drag in of Castiel's scent after a weekend spent practically in withdrawal from it. He loves getting to see Castiel refreshed and bright-eyed and clean shaven.
Cas trembles beneath him, and Dean's whole body goes white hot. Sticky warmth spills over Dean's hand and drips down his wrist, and fuck, Cas came. Dean stops holding back.
Dean’s gaze dropped to the side as he leaned back against the wall. “For what it’s worth, I really like you too.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him and smirks, moving back another step. The same move he'd pulled in the bar, and Dean's alpha instincts instantly perk up and take notice.
Cas's tongue darts out to wet his lips, and he looks down at Dean from where he's perched across his thighs again. “Want you to fuck me.”
The brightside was part of the enchantment on Dean’s armor meant it didn't weigh nearly as much as it ought to. Still, sometimes Dean envied the fact that all his brother had to worry about getting ready in the morning was his long, perfectly styled hair.
“Yeah. She collects people against their will and makes them her friends. It's sort of her thing,” Cas told him, only half-joking.
He hadn't even gotten angry, though he wasn't sure if that was a testament to his own control or their total fear of him. Either way, Sam'd said they'd backed off and that was the point of it all, so Dean felt better nowadays when he dropped Sam off. He didn't feel like he had to worry about him as much.
Dean keeps asking if he can get Castiel anything when he orders lunch or sends Alfie on a coffee run, and it’s getting on Castiel’s last nerve. Dean’s quite clearly
Cas contemplated the silver cross on the necklace he wore. “Or perhaps they wanted to prove they believed in spite of it all.”
For now, he focused on where he was creeping, careful not to brush against tree branches. The wind whistled ominously, leaves rustling with it, and a few even blew right off and floated wildly on the breeze. He watched them dance in front of him before slowly dropping to the ground.
When Cas turns around again, Dean's breath catches in his throat. Being the focus of Cas's gaze when he's like this is a whole body experience, it sends a trickle of warmth from the base of his skull down and out to his extremities. Jesus, he wants Cas.
It should've been harder. Cas should've fought him. Golden orange light danced over Cas's tanned skin, shadows playing over his unreadable features, and man, the stories were goddamn right—shadowlights
Mid-morning sunlight woke Dean up gradually. This time he was the one curled around Cas. Both of them were on their sides, Dean's face buried in dark brown hair that was tickling his nose. Cas smelled like Dean's shampoo, and for some reason that curled heat low in his gut.
Plus, it looked as if Cas knew that just like Dean did. Had he even looked at Dean twice when he’d found out? Dean wracked his brain to think of even a single time that Cas's bright blue eyes had been focused on him and he came up with squat. Why’d he even care, anyway?
Eventually the heat of their afterglow faded and they lazily cleaned themselves up before they climbed under the covers again with Dean spooned behind Cas, arm wrapped snugly over his waist—pretty much exactly as they’d been when they woke up.
Cas grabbed onto his wrist and Dean looked up; they were surrounded by soldiers, guns drawn on them. Inside, Dean was finally panicking a little but he didn't let the people who surround them see that. He didn’t let Cas see it. God, he never should’ve let Cas come with him. How was Dean supposed to protect him now?
Dean only allowed himself a moment to be shocked before he remembered Sam's warning and leapt into action again, grabbing Cas's wrists and easily binding them in front of him, the length of glowing rope looped around his throat and down to his arms where Dean tied it off securely.
“Yeah,” he replied lowly as he settled himself on his chest between Dean's legs, elbows supporting his weight.
Dean poured and they both drank it down with barely a wince at the bite. Like a bandaid, he tried to tell himself as he reached for his letter. Just open it. His stomach twisted up, and his fingers trembled as he slipped the letter out. He heard Sam doing the same, but he didn’t look up. Yellowed paper, rich dark cramped letters. He licked his dry lips and had to make himself focus to read it.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean replied, voice fond as he took in the chaos, “I can see that. We gotta open some windows.”
Dean bit down on his full bottom lip and Cas’s need to taste the little mark he left behind surged low in his belly.
Cas’s other eyebrow rose, this time definitely surprise. Dean bit his lip and dropped his gaze to Cas’s lap, an unfamiliar shyness fluttering in his chest. Oh. There was a definite bulge in Cas’s fancy suit pants, Dean was pleased to note. Just like that his ego fluffed back up—he was having an effect on Cas.
handle it for a day. Probably could for longer than that too if Dean didn’t have control issues a mile wide. Dean’s shoulders slump a little as he gives in, it’s not like this is where he really wants to be right now anyway.
you,” Sam argued, arms crossing. “It could've knocked you down when it was up on its hind legs, or it could've fought when you were too busy ogling it—”
you saved my ass when I got stuck (like always), and I appreciate it every time. <3<3 Love your face.
“I… uh, didn’t wanna leave these on the floor, so—” Cas focused enough to notice that Dean was holding his dirty clothes. He willed the sudden rush of his blood south away… not that it helped much, and didn’t that just make his pants extra uncomfortable. Gross.
Before he even had time to try and clean it up, there was a knock at his door. Dean’s concerned voice floated through the wood, “Hey, Cas, you okay in there?”
“Cas,” Dean grunted, his hand in Cas's hair tugging him away. He unlatched his mouth from Dean’s skin and bit his lip at the purple hickey he’d left—a spike of arousal making him ache all over again.
Dean’s always done his best to make sure he never uses his alpha for undue advantage, especially at work. His parents had raised him to know wrong from right, and as far as he’s concerned, allowing his scent to influence his co-workers is taking advantage. There aren’t many alphas who share that opinion, but Dean doesn’t give a crap what they think. His own conscience is clear, and he’s smart enough to pull his own weight without needing to rely on posturing.
long enough for me to speak, we’d all have the answers, wouldn’t we?” Crowley stared at them, then continued. “It happened well before you were ever born. I'll make this short so that you can follow along: Lilith was trying to capture the only remaining phoenix, he escaped, happened across a newly pregnant Mother Mary and ta-da, a baby phoenix was brought into being.”
He sits down at the desk and literally does jack shit while he waits. It’s not like he’s got anything to unpack yet. Hell, his bag is mostly for show today. ‘Cept for the piece of pie in a container he’s got stashed in there. That's essential. Made by his dad and Dean's favorite kind. His mom always makes sure he gets a piece to take to his first day at a new job.
“God, Dean,” Cas whispered, sounding awed in a way that made Dean’s cheeks heat and his stomach twist with a kind of pride he’d never felt before.
After a quick tour of their old bedrooms, and one slightly horrific peek into the bathroom and Dad’s room, Dean backtracked and stripped his and Sam’s beds. There was a uniform layer of dust that covered everything in their rooms. Like Dad had just closed the doors and never looked inside again. Something twisted in Dean’s gut, but he kept himself moving.
Dean leans forward and latches his mouth onto the spot just under Castiel’s ear, wants to make him feel good, and as he sucks and licks there, Castiel’s breathing goes desperate and shallow, whines and tight little whimpers push out of his mouth on every breath. Just as Dean’s teeth graze his skin, Castiel goes still. A low groan of Dean’s name rumbles out of his chest as he spills sticky and hot over Dean’s hand.
Sam, now close enough for Dean to see him clearly in the rope's glow, rolled his eyes. “I lied because
Right as he’s losing the battle with his willpower, Castiel stills him with an iron grip on his hips. “Get up on your knees,” Castiel instructs, and Dean does it even though his body fights him the whole way, frantic to stay buried inside of all that heat and wet. “Not ready to finish yet.”
“Oh,” Cas said, then schooched back. Settling himself against the wall behind them, he tilted his head against it and looked at Dean through eyes that were half-shut. Sexy, Dean’s mind supplied. He looked sexy like that, the line of his throat and the sharpness of his jaw accentuated. Dean had to twist back almost uncomfortably to look at him. “Well, if it helps,” he waved his hand at Dean, “keep going.”
Dean nods, lips brushing Cas's. “Cas, c’mon. Please. Fuck me. Mmm, need you to fuck me. Make me feel it tomorrow.”
He feels Cas smile against his hair before he agrees and Dean wonders just how the hell he ever got this lucky.
Nervousness squirmed in his stomach as he headed back out barefoot to the living room. From the couch, Cas watched his approach, gaze hot on Dean’s body. Like he could see the pretty pink beneath his blue jeans. Dean hesitated when he got closer, unsure of exactly what he should be doing.
“Gee, that doesn't sound familiar at all,” Charlie mumbled under her breath. “And this relates to you not feeding because?”
The house was still kind of a disaster. Less so than when he and Sam had arrived, but Dad’s stuff was still cluttered all over. The trash was gone and the floors were vacuumed and scrubbed, Dean’d even rented a steam cleaner for the carpets. He’d considered ripping them up and putting down hardwood to up the resale value of the house, but he couldn’t muster the drive, so he’d settled on cleaning them the best he could. The new owners could tear it up if they wanted to.
After that, Cas slowly kissed his way down Dean’s body. Anticipation built up between them in steady waves the lower he got. Sucking little hot kisses along Dean’s waistband, a soft brush of Cas's cheek against the head of his cock setting off sparks behind Dean's eyes.
Enough dawdling, he decides, time to get in there and do what he does best. Dean slips out of his Impala, shuts and locks the door, then smooths a hand over his red tie and pinstripe blue shirt, white cuffs standing out sharply at his wrists. He looks good. Yeah, he’s got this.
He watched the wheels in Dean's head spin like they couldn't get traction and then all at once flight or fight seemed to kick in and he rushed out of the cafeteria without a second glance, head down as he just left everything behind.
had kissed him. It seemed like kind of a big deal to him. Love songs and movies and poems were written about this sort of thing, and it’d been good—so, so good. Even if it wasn’t for fate and destiny and all that crap, he
After he'd quickly styled his hair, he headed downstairs to face the torture that was gonna be breakfast. Tomorrow would be infinitely worse but today was gonna suck ass too. He knew before he even made it to the kitchen that the next few days were gonna take a lot of patience to get through, and he tiredly rubbed his hand over his eyes as he steeled himself to face his well-meaning family. Then he headed into the kitchen.
Quietly, Cas sighed out his pleasure. It was just so easy to fall into Dean—to let himself enjoy the soft give of his lips, and how Dean’s hands always found their way to tangle in his hair.
Meticulously, Cas takes his suit off and hangs each piece of it up until he's left in a pair of black socks, because his feet get cold, and matching boxer briefs and that should be a total turn off—the socks thing—but it's not. It's really, really not. How does he look good in socks and goddamn underwear?
Once he felt completely calm again, he twisted his combination into his lock and stashed his coat, then locked it up again. He turned around and leaned back against it for a few minutes, just taking in the morning chaos around him. Other students were milling around with their friends, crowded in groups that were scattered through the hall.
Softly, Cas brushed their lips together, slipped his tongue into Dean's mouth slow and possessive. Dean's hands clung to his biceps, fingertips digging in. “Climb on the bed for me, okay?”
Gently, Dean shook his head. “Nope. I got the basics, and I read all that stuff, so … I’m good to go.”
The honest truth was not really; not with the way Dean's feelings were growing stronger by the day. They were blossoming each time they sat together, talked, and flirted, with each time Dean slipped his hand into Cas's and held it, fingers entwined.
Just as fast as it started, it was over. Cas stepped back like he’d been scalded, and he guiltily glanced to his left. Dean’s brain cells kicked in with just enough time to hear Sam calling his name around the corner and register that Cas’d heard him the first time Sam'd shouted for him. Shit.
Familiar fingers smoothe over Castiel's furrowed brow and slide into his hair, melting the tension from his body. He keeps his eyes closed, waiting, and Dean doesn't disappoint. Warm firm lips brush against Castiel's just long enough to make him want more. “That song got you again, huh?”
Cas scrutinized him, gaze flicking between Dean’s eyes, like he could see exactly what Dean was thinking. The back of Dean’s neck burned, and he rubbed at it.
The back wall, where his eyes landed on some kind of PVC pipe frame with silvery latex stretched between it, an oval shape cutout—was that for a face? A big x-shaped wooden cross with straps for, he assumed, arms and legs. There were various paddles, floggers, things Dean didn't even recognize. From the ceiling in the right corner, a sex swing hung.
Physically, Cas felt better than he had in a long time. He wasn’t so exhausted that it hurt just to blink for starters. His brain had finally lost that fuzzy layer that’d muffled his thoughts, made them slow. The problem with that was now that he had his full cognitive abilities back he fully appreciated just how much he’d screwed up with Dean. He’d let his hunger get to the point where he hadn’t been fully in control of himself and now Dean thought that it was his fault he’d lost control. The truth was that the only one to blame for what’d happened was Cas.
The glow brightened, pulses of blue lighting up the darkness. He only made it a few steps before Sam got his arms wrapped around Cas's waist from behind, restraining him. “Cas, no! You don't know what that is!”
This time when the creature disappeared, Dean saw it for what it was—it didn't take off between one blink and the next. It simply vanished. A coil of dread wound through Dean's gut. He needed to talk to Sam first thing in the morning.
Now? Now he was too restless to imagine settling down with anyone. Too on edge most days waiting for the other shoe to drop. So he enjoyed himself with whoever was obliging, attractive, and came without strings attached. Things could've been worse.
Finally, Cas looked up, blue eyes dark in the scant light underneath his long black lashes. “I … I’m sorry. You’re clearly upset and I shouldn’t have—I don’t want to take advantage of that.”
He was starting to run low on bolts, but he hadn't had time to retrieve any yet. He hoped he had enough.
He forces himself to keep going, perfect hip bones that he’s planning to lick and suck at. Up over the glistening skin of his stomach, the cute freckle just above the dusky pink of his right nipple, the column of his neck, stubble Dean wants to graze his lips against, all the way to those goddamn blue eyes focusing on him with an expression caught somewhere between desire and disbelief.
green. Lips bitten dark already and it took every ounce of effort he had to guide Dean up off of his lap.
Cas might have had a way with people thanks to his genetics and the inborn charm that that came with, but he never knew how to get anyone to stick around. Had never so much as
Pulling back as the elevator pings and the doors woosh open, Castiel smirks, challenge in his eyes and his voice, “Gonna follow my instructions?”
“Just proof you’re smarter than you give yourself credit for.” Cas raised both eyebrows like he was daring Dean to contradict him.
“Look so good, baby,” Dean says, fingers sliding in and out, slow, purposely grazing Cas's prostate with the tips on every pass.
“Better,” Cas whispered in his ear, and, oh god, finally, his fingers skimmed over Dean's straining, needy dick, closing around him in a cultured, firm grip that curled Dean's toes. He started pulling gently, tugging, rubbing his thumb over the slippery head of Dean's cock. Helplessly, Dean rocked his hips into it, clutching at Cas's shoulders.
Jack has yet to reach full strength again, the only thing holding Sam together seems to be that he has to stay strong for Jack. And Cas … he's trying, but it's proving difficult. Guilt, regret, futility, they're clawing away in his gut and rushing through his veins with every beat of a heart that for all intents and purposes is his.
The next time she woke up, it was still dark and for a second she wondered why she was awake until her bladder swiftly alerted her to the pressing need to pee. She sighed and quietly extricated herself from her sleeping bag, trying not to wake John as she unzipped the tent and crawled outside. The air was colder than it had been inside and she shivered as she made her way to the campground’s washrooms.
Pleasure so harsh that it’s almost pain zips right down to his dick. Makes him blurt out a bead of precome that pearls at his tip before it slides down the side. “Touch me, touch me, Cas, please, fuck me. God, I need it.”
sorry that the outcome of his desire to protect Dean had been that Dean’d ended up losing control when it was obvious to anyone who looked that Dean needed that semblance of complete control over himself. Cas wasn’t sure that even after he explained what’d gone wrong that Dean would accept the fact that he wasn’t responsible. At the very least, he was worried that Dean would retain blame for ‘hurting’ Cas.
possibility—that just this once… John might’ve been right. He didn’t say a thing though, when she finally got back to camp and instantly set about brushing her teeth. He just pulled her into his lap when she was done and held her.
Cas's smirk when Dean raises his gaze to look at his face says he knows exactly what Dean's thinking about. “Ready for me?” he asks.
Knowing who your soulmate was didn't make you automatically fall in instant love with them. You still had to find them, get to know them. Just like any relationship it was work. The only difference was you knew the odds were already in your favor. That you somehow belonged together.
Slowly, Cas worked Dean's pants open, then shifted Dean back a little. He dropped to his knees in front of Dean and looked up at him with big blue eyes and a sexy dirty smile. Methodically, Cas lifted each of Dean’s feet and took his socks off before he slid his palms up Dean’s shins, his thighs.
Cas fought hard not to stare, but he couldn’t help it. A steady stream of filthy images and fantasies played out in his head, and at the very least, this would make excellent fodder for his next book. Imagine what his characters could get up to with those knee pads. A voice in the back of his mind whispered,
as his boss has been enough for an entire lifetime as far as Castiel is concerned. It’s not that he’s outright rude to Castiel, actually the opposite is sort of true. Castiel is having the hardest time reigning in his sarcasm and irritation with Dean, and it’s easy to see he’s not keeping his scent under control that well either whenever Dean reacts to his annoyance with little flinches.
Dean’s hand on his cock, and in his hair. Dean’s lips against his, Dean sucking on his bottom lip. Dean’s teeth grazing over his jaw and latching on his neck.
“Yeah. It cornered me, and it was coming fast. I panicked. Climbed out a window, but my rifle snagged and the strap must've been fraying because it ripped right off and—god. I'm never gonna live this down. Dean's gonna tell everyone when we get back to camp.”
Smiling faintly, Cas shakes his head. “Nah, let's go home. If we get a second wind we can always sit on the back porch swing and watch them.”
Dean came to the same conclusion because he shouted at them to get Benny up and haul ass for the house. “I'll hold them off!” he yelled.
Dean’s lips twitched up, pleased, and he set about pulling the sweatpants down and off. The cool air of Dean’s bedroom sent a shiver down Cas’s spine. “Guess I forgot to lend you underwear.”
“Cas, I want… I want…” Dean lost his train of thought each time it formed, too swept up in sensation, Cas's teeth and lips and tongue, his hand, all working to bring Dean swiftly to the edge.
For a lot of reasons, not the least of which was that his mom was the last person he wanted to tell that when Cas kissed him, he embarrassingly came in his pants and burned his palm print into Cas's arm.
Pleasure slammed into him, bright bursts that exploded outward, trembling heat that buzzed in his fingertips, his toes, as he came.
Fucking Gordon Walker. Dean rolled his eyes, but a warm burst of pride swelled in his chest. “What can I say, I’m just that awesome.”
Dean took off his boots in the entryway, and as soon as he stood back up, Cas helped him peel his jacket off. Left in his socked feet, jeans and a plain black t-shirt, Dean waited to see what Cas wanted him to do. He watched Cas's gaze drop to the cuff on his wrist. His eyes went hungry, predatory, and he ran his fingers possessively over the leather. Dean shivered, anticipation a slow rolling flame in his gut. He was already so goddamn addicted to this.
Dean's cheeks darkened and he dropped his gaze. Suddenly he was back to shy. It was equal parts adorable and frustrating. “You can't just say shit like that,” Dean muttered.
All of a sudden there was a loud crack and Dean's power surged free in his chest. He didn’t have time to put two and two together, or wonder why the hell he was suddenly unbound, he just grabbed onto Lilith's arm and unleashed everything he had. Burning so fucking hot, he couldn't control it. Lilith lit up from the inside like a goddamn Roman candle and her grip on his throat dropped away.
Heat rapidly builds in Dean's groin, everything feels like it's tightening, his balls drawing up, and he's so damn close. Wedging his arm down between Cas and the seat back, he gets his hand around Cas's hard cock—slick with precome and sweat, the glide is easy and Cas grunts his name.
Shaking his head ruefully, Sam shrugged a shoulder. “I’ll do my best, I guess. You better hope that whatever I make works—or that this thing isn’t actually a shadowlight… the myths aren’t exactly glowing with praise about their forgiving nature.”
“Fuck that was,” Dean trails off, thinking about what just happened, eyes widening when he recalls what he said—and what Cas didn't.
He owns that big house with the wide wrap around porch and inside of it, his husband, his best friend, is waiting for him. He parks out front and gets out of the truck, staring up at the office window where Cas usually works. Sunlight reflects off the glass, and Dean breathes a slow breath.
It took Cas longer to undress, Dean's eyes had adjusted to the dark and he could just make out his outline, hear the sound of fabric rustling.
After staring into his closet for a while, Dean picks out a fitted dark grey suit paired with a crisp white shirt, a lighter grey tie and matching pocket square. He dresses and styles his hair, and then he grabs his wallet and keys on his way out the door.
“If you’re here to try and hurt any of us…” Dean kicked at the ashes beneath his feet, gaze harsh. “This is what happened to the last people who tried that.”
Lying to his brother wasn't something Dean enjoyed, but it was necessary. If Sam was wrong about this, Dean didn't want him anywhere near an angry shadowlight.
it but the alternative was worse. Kids who developed their powers early had much more difficulty controlling them—everyone knew that. Just like everyone knew to stay away from him because of it.
The way he'd spiraled out of control, and then finally got his shit together—just a little—replays itself while he stares sightlessly, absorbing the music.
The necessary supplies for his second attempt at feeding Dean were fairly simple, and since it was also fairly likely that a blindfolded monkey could probably make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, he ought to do fine.
“Cas,” Dean sucked in a quick breath that exploded out of him when Cas fastened his mouth just under Dean’s ear. He sucked at the sensitive skin there, and bit down lightly. Beneath him, Dean arched wildly. “Cas, ah,
He’d made it to the last button, tugging the shirt free, when Cas tore his mouth away, ignoring the groan of protest Dean let out, and the way he tried to chase after him. One hand on Dean’s jaw was all it took to still him.
It takes Dean's brain a second to catch up with the sudden lack of sensation, and his eyes open to find Castiel staring at him with intense otherworldly blue eyes, smelling like a fucking wet dream—all omega arousal and honeyed-slick. Lust clenches hot in Dean's belly and a growl he can't help rumbles in his chest.
“You’re thinking too much,” Castiel tells him in this whisper of a voice that’s way, way too sexy. “Just touch me.”
After he shoved his feet into his boots, he grabbed a handful of quarters, and a jug of laundry soap from the small table near his door, then made his way down to the laundry room. He didn’t waste time—not with Dean upstairs warm and waiting for him. The first machine he came across got stuffed full of their clothes, and he started it.
These days, he and Sam didn’t live quite as in each other’s pockets; Sam and Eileen had moved into their own little townhouse years ago. Both doctors, they pulled in decent enough pay that it was a nice one. He was proud of Sam, and he loved Eileen like a sister. He’d even learned a whole new language for her along with Sam. Learning how to sign was one of the few instances Dean could think of where he’d picked something up faster than Sam. He still liked to gloat about it now and then.
adorable, though, I’ll give you that. Maybe I'll play with him later, but right now, you have something
It took Dean a little while to notice that Cas had stopped, the skin of his ass blazing and achy, and so damn sensitive that Cas’s fingertips lightly trailing over them shocked him, made him gasp. Cas traced random patterns into his skin, trails of fire that Dean arched his back for, that sent a rush of slick dripping down his leg.
“Me too,” Dean admitted on a slightly shaky breath as he licked his lips and reveled in the way Cas tracked the motion. A little frustrated groan from the back of Cas's throat made Dean smirk.
A flush of warmth and sharp, sharp lust rush through his body as Dean complies. Takes a step closer, then turns around. Lets Cas’s hand spread wide on his hip guide him down. The fat head of Cas’s cock presses bluntly against him where he’s wet and open, a drawn out moment of pressure before his body gives and Cas sinks inside him. Pulls him down and down and down until he’s shoved in as deep as he can go. Until Dean’s ass is flush with his hips. Dean pants for it like a two dollar whore, whimpers when Cas’s iron grip holds him there and doesn’t let him move.
“Yes, I’m sure it was fantastic. Everything your little teenage wet dreams have ever longed for, but I’m not—If this happens again? Castiel, it
Dean didn’t get a chance to respond, a stuck-up sorta pride curling warmly in his gut. The sharp sting of Cas’s hand cracking against Dean’s ass stole his breath. Another swiftly followed on the same cheek, hard enough to sting and leave behind a faint burn. “Harder,” Dean whispered just loud enough to be heard, and Cas didn’t disappoint. With a little more guidance he was landing blows that jolted Dean forward in his lap, rubbing his trapped cock against Cas’s thigh with every rock of his body. Dean’s elbows slipped off the couch, and he let the arm support his chest, bowing his head. Focused on the heat spreading from the impact of Cas’s hand, through the muscle, pleasure etched with pain, until Dean was sobbing with need, begging Cas to stop and fuck him.
So, if you know me, you know that when I finish a story I always get pretty sad for a few days. It's a cycle I go through with writing and part of processing it for me. If you're so inclined I could really use a pick me up, so leave me your thoughts in the comments or come visit me on
he's being played. Adding insult to injury, Cas lets out this tiny whimper of a sound as he relaxes into the bed. “Mmm. Okay, I'll get up.”
He's always liked the deep navy duvet Cas has. It makes Cas's eyes look even bluer in the morning with sunlight streaming through his east facing window. That's something else he's missed while he's been away—waking up in Cas's bed.
was to have you waiting for me. You always sell yourself short, but you're smart too. You're funny, and generous, and so damn sweet that you painted a water tower and told the whole town you loved me. You built a
A breathy little gasp of Cas’s name escaped when Cas tightened his grip, dragging his palm along the length of Dean’s cock a few times. So good that Dean was already biting his lip, quiet moans catching in the back of his throat, eyes half-lidded and focused on Cas’s up close. Softly, once, Cas kissed him, just gentle pressure and then his hand slid back up. He opened Dean’s belt one handed, and fuck that was hot. The hiss of leather against denim as Cas pulled his belt free of his jeans shivered down Dean’s spine.
Over the years, Dr. Lafitte taught him how to keep himself calm in appointments that started out daily but had tapered off to once weekly as he'd gotten older and while Dean’d had a few close calls, he was lucky enough that he'd never had another incident.
He peeled Dean out of his shirt and let it fall to the floor. A half-second’s glance at Dean's bare chest was enough for a quickflash of lust to sear in his gut before Dean dove back in for another desperate kiss. Cas’s hands sought out his naked skin, skimmed up his back and gripped at his shoulders to force him closer. Friction and Dean, and he felt like a clumsy sixteen year old, too worked up to exercise any kind of control, but he needed this to last. He needed to
“Make sense? Yeah, tell me about it, but you dumbasses were gonna get yourselves killed and … that wasn't an option. So,” Dean shrugs a shoulder, and his eyes are so
“I’m not—” Dean tilted his head a little, what was he gonna say, I’m not a dork? That was probably offensive or something. He wasn’t a total asshole. So he changed tack, “Actually, I’m looking for someone.”
Cas chuckled, because Charlie had said basically the same thing once. He grinned at Dean. “You’re all right.”
Cas trailed his mouth along the path his hand had taken. Pausing to suck matching dark marks over Dean's hip bones, the alpha part of his brain growled out satisfaction. Dean trembled under his lips, so sweetly. Cas was close enough now that the smell of Dean, slick and ready for him was a siren call. He dragged his tongue slowly, wetly along the length of Dean's cock, sucked just the head into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it while he continued to loosely pump the shaft.
Dean's voice broke as he spoke just loud enough for Cas to hear him over the roar of flames licking along his skin. “Cas, you can't help me. You gotta get Sammy! You get him and you
His voice scraped deep and low and Dean liked it almost as much as he liked those eyes and that stubble on his cut glass jaw. This was work though, not play, and Dean needed to focus. He smiled, wide and friendly. "That's me. And you're Cas Novak, yeah? Joshua sent me the plans he drew up for you."
The sound of a door bursting open in back, and heavy-fast footfalls preceded Cas’s arrival. “Charlie, what’s wr—oh, Dean.”
“You know,” Cas says, tone conversational like his dick isn’t hard and filling Dean up so goddamn perfect, “I really do love it when you’re like this. Cock-hungry and desperate for me. Like the way your mouth gets dirtier every second I hold out on you.”
good. Never had been. Dean’d always been too selfish for that. But he appreciated the sentiment. “Thanks, Ellen.”
“Hey, check that out,” Sam said when they exited an empty home, indicating a large wooden cross listing sideways in the backyard of a house further down the road. Out front, a lampost was doing the same. “Wonder if they thought it would protect them?”
Hot—Cas’s mouth is so fucking hot when it opens, sucking wet kisses along Dean's shaft, licking at him, saliva soaking through Dean's panties. He can't help the way his hips wriggle up into it, but he keeps his hands over his head, because Cas didn't say he could touch no matter how much Dean wants to slide his hands into all that thick dark hair.
The door's locking mechanism takes a moment to disengage and then he swings the door wide, eyes narrowed right down to slits. He gets one beat of time to feel a mix of scorn, hatred and fear when he sees Michael standing there in Dean's perfect body with the sunlight brightening his hair and eyes and bringing into sharp focus every freckle that Cas loves.
“Yes and yes.” Dean heard the smirk in Cas's voice even if he couldn't see it. “I didn't want to cause you any discomfort.”
“Kindergarten. I know,” Dean said, then flushed a little. Cas's smile spread into a real one, because Dean had just pretty much admitted to being aware of him for a long, long time.
And Dean wants, okay, so badly, but he’s also not a complete moron. “Fuck. Yeah, just … uh, lemme grab a condom.”
“Did you get the bathroom done? ‘Cause I think we should shower pretty soon if we’re gonna make it on time.” His footsteps stomped up the stairs, and Cas ducked back out of the room just as Sam reached the top.
Any control Dean might’ve regained over himself is lost in a rush of electrified pleasure as Castiel presses himself closer and seals their mouths. He sucks on Dean’s bottom lip hard enough to pull it forward and make way for his tongue to slip slickly into Dean’s mouth. Before he really register’s what he’s doing, Dean’s hands are smoothing over the bare, smooth skin of Castiel’s back, mapping the muscles beneath as he kisses Castiel back like he’ll never get enough of this.
A sign that hung above the door proclaimed it ‘Midnight Magic Books’. Huh, so it was a bookstore. He glanced at the windows; bold lettering declared that they carried books, toys, costumes and custom leather. Ooookay, so it was a nerdy book store. There was a sign on the glass door that he noticed when he grabbed the handle, 18+ only. A weird, nerdy, adults only bookstore? He tugged nervously at the hem of the olive green military style jacket he’d thrown over his t-shirt.
“You comin’ or are you gonna go curl up at Sam’s?” he asked, taking a few steps backward towards the woods and watching the perplexed, torn expression she made.
“This is impossible,” Cas whispers, gaze travelling over every inch of Dean's skin, fingers itching to reach out and reassure himself.
His family's pain seems to add to his own, and Cas wants to sag under its weight. Instead he sits down beside Jack, and they watch Dean's favorite cartoon show together.
It's fast and frantic, Dean's heart slamming against his ribs, his stomach and thigh muscles straining from the awkward position, but it’s still so damn good.
He slowly made the rounds, the back wall was … interesting, if a little over Dean's head. Large equipment he wasn't very familiar with and smaller things he was. Very rapidly, he learned that
He complied though, and a primal alpha part of Cas was triumphant about it. Slowly, Dean pushed his jeans down over his hips and gave a little wriggle that sent them to his ankles. He stepped out of them and walked backward, closer to his bed. God, how many times had he fantasized about exactly this? Dean doing exactly what Cas wanted him to, Dean looking at him, turned on and waiting for him.
Cas was trying to soothe him—Dean knew that. On the edges of his awareness he heard Cas's wrecked voice pleading for Dean to stop.
“Do you, or do you not think Dean has a hard enough time without you making him the center of attention he doesn't want?” Charlie asked slowly as if Cas was a particularly recalcitrant child she needed to explain something to.
Cas smooths his thumb over the glass, and he stares at it for long enough that Dean starts getting nervous. What if he hates it?
Dean took deep slow breaths while he tried to calm down. He concentrated on Thunderstruck’s lyrics, sang along in his head and tuned out his surroundings until the song was over. He felt a little steadier—still way off from his baseline normal, but at least he didn’t feel like he was gonna fly apart at the sight of Cas. Even considering that, he wasn’t exactly gonna rush to find him.
Silently, Cas closed the door. He followed Dean toward the kitchen, heat prickling at the back of his neck and creeping into his cheeks. “I might have burned dinner,” he confessed morosely.
Dean quickly shucked his pants, socks, and boxer-briefs, and took his time putting the panties on. Fuck, they were soft and silky, and the head of his cock was already pushing out against the front of them. He definitely liked the way they felt. As he pulled his jeans back on over top, Dean sucked on his bottom lip. He left his underwear folded up on the oversized wingback chair in the corner, along with his socks.
He wandered around looking at the new items Sam had in stock while he waited for him to come out—he’d learned the hard way that he shouldn’t be allowed in an area that contained Sam’s work. Winding up with sparkly orange hair for two weeks was the kind of thing he only needed to go through once.
The slap of Cas’s palm on Dean’s ass snapped loud in the quiet of the room. The quick sting of it rapidly faded to warmth, a jolt of pleasure that made him gasp. Cas’s palm fell again, this time on the other cheek. Ten more light stinging smacks of his hand scattered over his ass before Dean lost track and just let himself melt into every little jolt. A thrum of warmth that spread across his asscheeks, his face. Leaking so much slick that he felt it on this thighs. His cock was engorged, desperate for touch. Fuck, he loved that feeling.
Gustily, Cas sighed. He rubbed his closed eyelids with his fingers and thumb. “I like him, alright?”
He manhandles Dean over to the far side of the car, out of the way, and finds his jeans, handing over the lube before discarding them. Cas turns around and arranges himself so that he's got one knee wedged against the back of the seat, his other foot on the floorboards, bent over with his ass in the air, forearms braced against the door, and Dean's thoughts short circuit.
He followed Sam upstairs and settled in on one of the overstuffed chairs in Sam's sitting room. In the other, Sam sat down after he fetched them each a drink, curling up with one leg under himself to face Dean more fully.
there. Pressed up against Dean’s lube-wet hole, and sinking inside of him, just far enough to tease. To punch a desperate whine from Dean’s lips. “Cas, please, I’m ready—I got—I got myself all ready for you,” Dean gasps. Heat and need blot out any trace of humility as he confesses, Cas’s fingers shallowly fucking him the whole time, “Thought about you all day, about—fuck—how good it feels when you sink your fingers in deep, or your cock in deeper. Fuck, Cas. Want you so bad. I didn’t come, wanted it to be with you. Just
Dean’s soft needy whimpers and desperate groans echoed in his ears as he wriggled his tongue inside and tasted him straight from the source. His mind went fuzzy with pheromones and the sweet slick filling his mouth. Restlessly, Dean’s hips were minutely shifting up into every plunge of Cas’s tongue. His grip on Cas’s hair tight, but not painful.
Dean did pretty well for himself, too, as a big shot editor at Sandover Publishing, so it wasn’t like Sam moving out had left him high and dry or anything. His not-quite-penthouse-level condo wasn’t anything to snub your nose at. Most days he was at work more than home, anyway, which at least partially explained why he hadn’t known Cas and Sam were still in touch.
Dean groaned, vibrations that rocketed along Cas's nerves. He worked one hand in time with his mouth, while the other kneaded the base of Cas’s cock where his knot would swell, any attempt at teasing soon forgotten.
Except that it just kept getting worse with the more that he noticed about Dean. Then there was the whole soulmates, fated to be together thing. Which was another problem, because Cas didn’t really know what to do with that.
“Get up,” Cas demanded, pulling his fingers out, and Dean scrambled into the position Cas had described, knees and stomach pressed to the back of the couch cushion, arms braced against the window behind it. He heard Cas’s zipper lower, the crinkle of the condom wrapper, and a moment later the wet sound of him slicking himself was hot enough that Dean’s cock throbbed
“Cas,” he sighs, hands clutching tight at the armrests while he curves his torso and leans down, presses his brow to Cas’s forehead. Needy for attention that he kind of gets off on Cas withholding until the last possible second.
Dean working for his dad, and taking odd jobs whenever he could to save up. How this place’d been so run down when he bought it that it was hardly liveable and working every spare moment he’d had to make it into a home with some help from his parents and Sam.
Dean doesn't have time to feel self conscious before Castiel's mouth latches onto his throat, sucking and scraping sharp canines over sensitive skin, making all kind of images dance through Dean's head. Permanent ones. “Oh God, oh fuck.”
was mildly horrifying. In the end, though, it’d be worth it. She just knew it. Inside of her a tiny little life was growing and she couldn’t wait to meet him or her.
No one's watching when Dean picks the lock. He takes a steadying breath and prepares himself to push down what's now become an unfortunately incredibly familiar rush of intense displeasure that'll be commingled with a vicious sense of glee at cockblocking Castiel. He tries not to think too much about his emotional response to any of this. Because that? Is the Dean Winchester method of dealing with things. Once he's sure his heart’s not gonna give out completely in a fit of rage, he pushes the door open.
Anger swirls in Castiel’s belly, and his eyes narrow even further at Dean, “I don’t need you to make sure I eat. I’m an adult and I took care of myself for thirty years before you stepped foot in this building. Just because I’m an omega doesn’t mean I need you to care for me. Is that too hard for you to grasp, Mr. Winchester?”
Dean would talk if a teacher called on him, though it was extremely rare for teachers to ask him anything at all in class. Like some sort of silent understanding that Dean shouldn't be put on the spot. The last time Cas recalled having actually heard him speak out loud was in sixth grade when they were in the same class.
It was unnerving, how easy this whole thing had gone down, Dean mused as they trudged through the woods, and up to the stone wall of the guard tower.
The relief on his face when Castiel had accepted his stumbling proposal. Phenomenal sex in the back seat of the Impala—not for the first or the last time.
Contentedly, Dean melted into the bed as Cas collapsed heavy over top of him with a breathless chuckle. He buried his face in Dean’s neck as their breathing slowed, skin sticking messily together, warmth between them that kept out the slight chill of the room.
The roughness in Dad's voice as he'd grabbed Mom's shoulder, handed her a terrified baby Sam whose tearful hazel eyes were locked on Dean. “Take him and get out of the house! I'll get Dean.”
He fucks himself back onto Dean’s knot, his ass slapping into Dean’s pelvis, jiggling with each impact, moans torn from his throat like he doesn’t wanna give them up.
Lightly Dean shook his head, but he didn't look back at Cas, “Actually, I was picturing them on you.”
So turned on that he was barely thinking straight, Dean shuddered. Cas leaned closer, lips right next to Dean’s ear as he quietly said, “But maybe sometime we can play and I’ll show you everything I can do.”
“Please,” he pants, head dropping back to rest against the door, neck bared in a submission so complete that Castiel audibly gasps.
His breathing hadn't even calmed when Cas was suddenly behind him, the blazing heat of his body pressed hard against Dean’s back, cock riding the crease of Dean's ass as he bit and sucked at Dean's neck. The scrape of denim that still clung to Cas's hips so damn hot—the scent of alpha arousal all around him made Dean desperate.
“Still not following. You knew for months and you ploughed thr—” she covered her mouth with her hand, her eyes flashing with understanding. “You can't anymore. Something changed and it has to be him now.”
Against his lips, Cas smiled. “Perk.” He pulled back a little to look up into Dean’s eyes. “One of many that’ll come in handy if you were serious earlier.”
With sharp rolls of his hips Dean ground down, head thrown back in pleasure, high pink that stained his cheeks, red lips open on frantic moans. His body was glowing with sweat. “Just like that, Dean. Jesus, you’re so hot, you make me so fucking hard. C’mon, baby.” Cas reached for Dean’s gorgeous straining cock, and jerked him ruthlessly. “Wanna feel you come for me. Wanna feel how hard you squeeze my fingers.”
He let Dean guide him into a lazy, satisfied kiss, pressing heavy down over Dean. Cas’s whole body was buzzing, glowing, and he ran an easy hand through Dean’s hair. Loving the warmth of Dean underneath him, Cas smiled, and from the way Dean’s fingers kept skimming over his back and along his arms, he liked it just as much.
As it was, he ended up with his sketchbook in his lap and his headphones in his ears. Listening to Dead Kennedy's as he drew. Color pencils glided over the paper and after a while he was staring down at Dean's face, those shy downcast eyes and dark pink stained cheeks. Just as he put the finishing touches on Dean's freckles—and boy was that a detailed job—his phone buzzed in his lap.
Most people didn't have the patience or desire to pry more out of Dean than that. A guy like Cas? Didn't seem like the taking things slow to get to know you kinda person. At the first sign of resistance, he'd probably pack it in and call it a day. Dean had nothing to worry about. At least that's what he told himself.
into, then I have no interest in doing it with you. Last night was something I'd gladly continue to repeat without any of this. I don't want you to feel that there's anything contingent on your response.”
cool with it. He wasn't about to let that happen to him again. He couldn't let someone he loved die for him again.
“I…” Dean blinked a few times in rapid succession. The idea of Cas actually wanting him to stick around was sorta mind boggling. “If you wanna, I’m into giving it a shot. But Cas, I’m just a boring mid-thirties landscaper barely scraping by at my dad’s company. You’re obviously a successful author with a gorgeous house and a ton going for you. Which is much more
It rapidly became part of their routine for Dean to eat his lunch up in the hall where they'd had that first kiss, and for Cas to go and find him there. He liked to sink down just a little too close to Dean and watch a blush spread pretty across his cheeks at the press of their thighs together, heat through denim.
Eighteen wasn't so old in the grand scheme of things—not really. The day before his eighteenth birthday though, it felt pretty damn old to Dean. It felt like a lie. He doubted that at midnight some switch was gonna flip and he'd suddenly feel like the adult the calendar said he'd be.
It might be better if Dean avoided Cas for today. He was still too raw. So Dean didn’t head for his locker like he usually would, he just found his way into class and sat by himself until Mrs. Harvelle showed up shortly before the bell.
Day by day, he was finding where he fit. It was frightening, and it was difficult, but it seemed worth the fear and uncertainty when Dean lifted his gaze from his task and looked at Cas like he was something incredible.
He's spoiled. For a goddamn grown man, Castiel Novak, Prince of a rinky-dink little European country that Sam had scored them a contract to guard, is more like a child star gone wrong. He’s supposed to be attending classes at Stanford. Improving his English and getting a Poli-Sci degree to help round out his ability to lead or some shit. Unfortunately, Dean's job couldn't be as simple as following Castiel around to his classes, and keeping him safe. Because when is Dean's life ever simple?
Distantly, he heard Sam gag. Dean's grin broadened, and Cas was looking at his lips now. Dean knew a goner when he saw one. Cas was coming home with them. Dean could tell before he confirmed it in words.
A whole slew of confusion emotions rushed through Dean at breakneck speed. Grateful that Bobby cared enough to do that for them—he could hear loud and clear the sentiment behind it, and it choked him up. “I’m not mad,” Dean whispered roughly, but he didn’t reach out and take the letter. His chest felt too tight, like he couldn’t draw in a breath properly and suddenly he couldn’t do this. He shook his head gently as he backed away a few steps and darted out of the room. For all he knew, they called after him, but Dean couldn’t hear it, buzzing in his ears too loud.
“Cas, did you just offer me takeout and Tremors and sex in the same night? I might be in love with you. Add in Carnosaur and I’ll be forced to marry you.”
“I’ll take them,” he volunteered, and Dean raised a brow, smirk on his lips that Cas rolled his eyes at. “I’ll throw them in the laundry with mine after I shower so that you don’t have to walk of shame home.”
Dean’s not sure exactly what it is about him that pisses Castiel off, just that no matter what he does, no matter which details he alters in their interactions, he always ends up smelling angry omega.
Cas is already in his worn out armchair, a lit smoke between his full pursed lips when Dean walks in the door. It’s sticky summer hot outside, and he’s been waiting all day for Cas to get off work. Half-hard since he woke up this morning from another dream about Cas’s hands on his skin, tangled up in his hair as he bent him over his couch and fucked him just the way he liked it. Pretty much for forever, he’d had a thing for their neighbor, but Cas never noticed him. Probably because he was just a kid with a crush, and besides Cas never pays attention to anyone on their street, anyway. He ain’t exactly social.
“Whatever.” Dean turned to face Cas again, surprised to find him staring listlessly back at him, still not uttering a word. “Just go home and make sure Baby doesn't get into trouble,” Dean said to Sam over his shoulder.
A quick shower later, he dressed in his last clean pair of boxer-briefs, dark wash jeans and a white t-shirt. Down to his last pair of socks too, he noticed as he grabbed them from his bag. After he tugged on his white socks, he gathered his dirty clothes from the floor and made his way downstairs. He dumped the clothing into the washer to be put on later, and headed for the kitchen.
“Any day now, Cas,” Dean said. It was supposed to be a light joke, a push to get him to hurry up, but Dean's voice was too breathy, and Cas's hands just kept inching over Dean's skin.
Realization rocks Dean to his core, his stomach plummeting, “You're worried I'm temporary. That I'll outgrow you or some shit.”
Cas skimmed his hands up along Dean's spread legs as he knelt on the bed, fingers brushing over his thighs, thumbs pressing into the cut of his groin.
She wrinkled up her snout a little and started trotting toward home. Probably as good of an answer as he was likely to get.
A second later he's kissing Dean again, grinding their hips together, rubbing their cocks between their bellies, the slight rasp of Cas's soft boxer-briefs a hot contrast to Dean's nakedness. Renewed arousal surges in Dean's gut and it's not long before he starts begging again.
Since September Cas’d figured it was because subconsciously their souls had recognized each other from the moment that they’d first laid eyes on one another. It was a silly, stupid little thought to have, but it was one he'd found himself considering on more than one occasion.
Castiel fiddles with his tie as he sits in the back of the cab and makes stilted small talk with the beta driving the car. He’s working hard to control the pissed off feeling that curls in his stomach. It’s Friday night. He should be in his pj’s with a delivery pizza and cheesecake on his coffee-table while he binges whatever action/adventure show catches his attention.
“Cas?” He didn't get out more than that before Cas's arms were snug around his shoulders and his face was tucked wetly into Dean's neck. A second later Sam was hugging him too, face pressing in on the other side of his neck, equally wet, and Dean had a minute of relief—just overwhelmingly glad that they were both okay, even if he was confused as hell.
One finger pressed blessedly in and Dean sighed his relief. There was a slight burn that took him a second to adjust to, different, a little weird at first, but he liked it. Not long after, one finger became two, and the slick slide, the stretch of it made Dean’s toes curl, kept him drunk on the feeling of Cas
Sweat glistened on their skin, they slid together slickly, bodies joining again and again in a rhythm that made Cas gasp for air, pleasure building and resonating in every part of him.
There’s definitely no way he should be talking to his boss like that, and alpha or not, anyone would lose their temper over the tone in Castiel’s voice, but Dean just rolls his eyes and backs up a step mumbling, “Whatever.”
Dean chants over and over in his head, bent over the arm of Cas's couch, still wearing every article of clothing he came over sporting, right down to the leather jacket that Cas has a fist clenched in, pushing his chest down against the cushions.
As usual, the walk to the shop was soothing. It helped him to mentally prepare for the potentially obnoxious and absolutely embarrassing conversation he was about to have with Balthazar. The chill in the air barely fazed him—might’ve had something to do with the way his cheeks were burning.
Impatient, Dean tapped the toe of his boot on Sam's clean wooden floor, Baby pacing restlessly in front of him. “Why d’you look so shocked, Sammy? I mean, you pretty much guessed as much back there.”
Every once in awhile he still had nightmares, still woke up drenched in a cold sweat and shaking, but the longer that went by the less they happened—the easier it was to fall back asleep after.
Cas walks in, gorgeous, eyes burning hot, raking over Dean. The lamps on either side of the bed cast a warm glow and long shadows on his face, and this is definitely not the cute, kinda dorky older boyfriend he had dinner and went for a walk with. This is Cas when he's dominant as fuck, and Dean is
The rest of the gathering passed easier after that. A few of their old friends showed up and Sam and Cas had migrated over to one corner with a group of their high school buddies while Dean mingled with people here and there.
The time Dean stayed with Sam for three days because they'd both lost their tempers and been too stubborn to make up until they were both going out of their minds with how awful they’d felt. How Dean’d shown back up at their house with a dozen roses and an apology even though Castiel’d started the argument.
Cool black leather stuck to the heated skin of Dean's shins, his knees, and forearms. Cas's wide, scorching hands dragged Dean’s panties down, shifting him to get one leg free, and then the other. Already, Dean missed the satiny feel of them against him. God, he was so hard, cock leaking almost as much as he was dripping slick. Cas’s hands grabbed hard onto Dean's ass cheeks, vividly reminding Dean of yesterday's spanking and the way pleasure-pain had jolted straight to his core.
Walking from the elevators into his office eats up that extra minute and he’s barely settled into his seat at his desk when Mr. Adler walks in. The overpowering smell of alpha and acrid smugness that permeates the air around him always sets Castiel on edge.
Cas smiled crookedly as he straightened up. “I'm going to grab you some water, okay? I'll be right back.”
Cas's hand on his chin tips Dean's head back, until he catches his gaze. “The reason I didn't say it back isn't because I don't feel the same. I just … didn't want to say it in the heat of the moment if there was a chance you’d regret it later.” Cas ducks his head. “You're so young and I'm … not. I just,” he sighs and runs his hand through his already messy dark hair.
Sinfully sexy, Dean shuddered all over, breath catching in his throat before he pulled Cas into a hard, biting kiss. “Yeah, that sounds—” Cas gently withdrew his fingers and smirked at the way Dean’s eyes went unfocused, “good.”
Dean steps closer, his hands move to rest on Cas's waist and Cas finds his own mirroring Dean's, fingers digging into Dean's skin through his shirt, checking. “I heard you. All of you.”
Even if he’d been right, and even if his life was infinitely better for his one small act of rebellion, it was his fault. If he’d been an alpha, or if he’d stayed—he pushed down on the acidic feeling that rose in his throat as he turned onto their old street.
Bobby joined them and cleared his throat. “There’s … I got something I gotta give you. I thought long and hard about whether it’d do more harm ‘n good … and I still ain’t sure, but it’s not my place to keep it from you. Your dad was a lot of things, I ain’t about to make excuses for the shit he pulled.” Dean’s stomach twisted, and his throat itched at the shine in Bobby’s eyes, at the sorrow that flared up in his scent. Bobby reached into his inner pocket and pulled out two dirty envelopes. Was that blood?
They both understood the reason Dean had done it—Bobby and Ellen couldn't afford to keep three children, though they'd never said as much, Dean had seen the way they struggled to make ends meet. Even then, they'd tried to convince Dean to stay, and when they couldn't Bobby had hugged him misty-eyed on the day he'd left for training and told him in a hushed voice he was proud of him, and to make sure he came back.
And oh boy, oh fuck, does he ever regret that a second later when he’s getting a lungful of toasted pecans, vanilla, caramel and the slightest hint of buttery pie crust. How the fuck can a person even
Dean's so hard that he's aching, leaking precome in a steady drip, and still those words make his dick fill out just a little more. He lets out a breathless whimper, clamping down on the need to flex his hips.
Joshua had told him Cas was pretty hands off with everything, which was common, he only liked to give occasional input. He might find some new inspiration now and then for his oasis of a backyard, and considering the stuff he and Joshua already had planned, Cas had an eye for design. Some of the yards Dean worked on were boring, but he was looking forward to actually getting to be creative with this one. “Thanks. Did you want to go over the plans Joshua sent, or d’you want me to dive right in? I’m fine either way.”
Dryly, Cas swallowed and offered him a half-smile that was way more confident than he felt. “Charlie wants to meet you. She said she wants to sit with us for a little bit at lunch tomorrow. We've been best friends since—”
It was more like his soul needed to absorb feelings related to love or sexual intimacy for him to survive. He still ate food—that kept his body nourished, but it was only half of the equation.
It was pitch black and Dean didn't bother lighting the lamp. He knew exactly where everything was, and he brought Cas carefully to his room, keeping the contact between them limited to their hands. He liked drawing things out. Liked it even more when he could goad a partner into taking what they wanted without ever having to express in words that that was exactly what
“I know you haven't got a clue what I'm talking about, but you're special. That's why your power is so much easier for you to call than it is for others.” She shrugged, flinging her her arms out, a half smile on her face that almost looked sympathetic before her eyes narrowed. “It's strong, older than you can imagine, and it's
Sam was behind them with Jo and Benny, almost as safe as Dean could make him. It was obvious Dean hated taking Sam out somewhere he couldn’t control enough variables. Hell, Cas hated either of them being out here. He’d gladly have gone by himself if Dean would ever have agreed to such a proposition.
. Cas fucked him perfect and deep, angling his hips just right so that he kept grazing that spot inside of Dean that sent bright pulses of pleasure chasing up his spine. So good that he was burning up with it, each slam of Cas's hips against the red-hot skin of his ass a torturous combination of pain and euphoria.
That wasn't exactly close these days. If Cas was on foot, and judging by the condition he was in he had to be, it must've taken at least a week through monster infested wilderness. How was he even alive? Dean felt a little surge of blood rush south. He always had liked his men a little dangerous. His women too for that matter, and it got him into trouble more often than not.
It didn’t matter that he’d only been four years old when it’d happened. In Dean’s mind, he should’ve known better, he should’ve somehow controlled himself. That he'd accidentally called his magic way too early, and caught his bed on fire ‘cause he couldn't handle six month old Sammy's constant crying at night? He should've somehow prevented it. If he hadn't gotten so upset, if he hadn't been so angry, maybe he'd be a normal teenage boy right then instead of a freak.
Every muscle in his body tightens, lungs freezing in his chest as all of the pleasure coursing through him coalesces tightly in his belly, and then pulses outward in a sparking detonation that blasts through him. His hips twitch up, sliding his cock further into the heat of Cas's mouth as he comes so hard that his vision narrows before his eyes slam shut, euphoric.
“Dean, look at me,” Cas asks, and Dean blinks his eyes open, stares up into endless blue. “Did you mean it?”
Cas lowered his crossbow, stuck his foot in the stirrup on the end, and cocked it again by carefully, meticulously pulling the string back with both hands until it caught. He reached back behind himself and grabbed another bolt, sliding it into the flight groove and nocking it. He'd just finished loading the bow when the kid he'd rescued came cautiously back over to him.
Cas shrugged. “I had nothing better to do. I thought I'd see a little of the world while I still could.”
“Not tonight. I'm good. The next time I come, I want it to be while I'm fucking you hard enough to pound my headboard into the wall.”
“Well, thanks,” Sam said with one of those dorky dimpled grins. “Saves us some time. Maybe we’ll even get most of this done today.” Dean looked skeptically at him, and Sam changed tack, “Or at least done enough that it’s not so bad for you when I fly home tomorrow.”
The way Dean had kept everything to himself is still a problem. He needs to understand that Castiel had a right to know. That he can’t keep important things like that to himself in the future. Castiel is his equal, and he knows after last night, Dean
All softly with his beautiful olive green eyes, Dean looks at him. The song probably causes him to remember it all too, even if he pretends it doesn't. “Ready to get out of here and go home, Prince Charming?”
He just gets his arms in the sleeves when Cas comes back downstairs. His cheeks are a little pink, and he looks so damn good that Dean just has to kiss him before they go.
Dean reloaded his rifle, tapped Cas on the shoulder to get him to move and took over guarding there. He handed Cas the handgun he'd used earlier. “Get the back!”
Dean’s eyes snapped open, bright green with lust and instantly focused on Cas. “Fuck me,” he pleaded. “I wanna—ah, mmm. Cas, wanna ride you so bad.”
Once they'd both settled, they dug in. Between bites, and sips of pop they talked a little about their day. Dean told Cas a story about how his brother was going to make them all watch Lord of the Rings again tomorrow night because it was his turn to choose for family movie night and he
Until every time Cas blushed and stuttered at something Dean said, he wondered what Cas would be like in bed. His main characters were so dominant and take charge. Was that what Cas was like? Or what he liked in a partner? Which role would Dean rather play with him? God, he could just imagine Cas's face all stern and commanding, telling Dean to get on his knees for him and—
This seemed likely considering Dean had gotten called away once they’d arrived at the fenced in camp, and Cas had been left with Sam as a guide for the day. And until Dean had arrived to drag Cas to the party, he hadn’t seen hide nor tail of him. Then again, when Dean glanced over and caught sight of Cas, his gaze was, without a doubt, appreciative. Cas felt himself flushing under the scrutiny. Dean excused himself from the conversation and made his way over.
Later on, just before closing, he brought up what he wanted Balthazar to do for him. Unsurprisingly, Balthazar was concerned.
There was nothing Dean could do except give Cas one last soft smile and tell him, “Go, Cas, you gotta go.”
Dean looks torn, cheeks turning pink, and his head tilting as he clearly considers whether there's enough time to get away with it, but then he seems to settle on no, which is just as well. They have plans for tonight.
“Pissed he got hurt, so hopefully that means he's okay. Jo's bandaging him up. I think maybe she likes him.”
Cas nodded because he knew Charlie was right. Of course, that didn't mean he was going to take her advice. He was still afraid he'd push too hard and scare Dean off. And it wasn't like his fear was unfounded. Dean was still skittish sometimes, and they hadn't even talked about what they were to each other yet. He hadn't even begun to gauge how Dean felt about him beyond tolerating his presence.
He grips Castiel’s hips with one hand, and guides his cock into him with the other, and then he gets both hands on Castiel’s hips, slamming into him hard and fast and brutal. Animalistic. Nothing exists outside of fucking Castiel, outside of knotting him. He sees Castiel’s arm working, and Dean just knows that he’s jerking off. So fucking hot.
The last thing he needed right then was for Sam to catch him practically dry fucking his best friend back here. He straightened his hair and did his best to adjust himself in his pants while Cas attempted to smooth out the wrinkles Dean had left in his shirt. There wasn't much they could do about the way they smelled. Sam was definitely gonna notice that. The air between them was stilted, tense.
“You're awfully demanding for someone who wants me to do something nice for them. Maybe you could ask more politely.”
"I bet you could," Dean acknowledged, trying not to think of all the ways Cas's books showed that was absolutely the case.
to compare it to. Not the point, he shivered now that his sweat was cooling, chest heavy with an uncomfortable mix of loneliness and regret. Unhappily, he let out a harsh sigh and rubbed his clean hand over his face.
Next up, he read through an instructional pamphlet on bondage, things like not being left tied up alone for long periods of time, checking blood flow to the extremities. A lot of useful stuff to avoid accidental damage.
He might not have been as obsessed with them as Sam was, but Dean made it a habit to pay attention to his brother's interests, and when he was nine that was all Sam had read about. Not once that Dean could remember had his books ever listed glowing blue eyes.
"Oh—no, I wasn't… I didn't mean—" Cas slapped a palm over his face and dragged it down, swiping at his mouth like that might reset it. "I was worried about sunstroke or that you were hurt, not that you weren't busy enough."
The chamber pot was enchanted, like the rest in the village, to dispose of waste with a hand waved over the sigil on the wall above it, and the tub to his left filled with heated water transported from the hot spring caves through another enchanted sigil.
Dean waved Jo off to his left, Benny to his right. Cas took up the rearguard. There was a volley of gunfire and an enraged snarl off behind them, somewhere deep in the woods, and Dean tuned it out. He had to focus on his area, knew better than to get distracted by worry. Worrying too much got people killed.
And suddenly he really wished Cas wasn’t just passing through. Yesterday, it sounded perfect to Dean; a night of no strings attached fun with a hot guy was right up his alley. But then… then he’d seen how shy and awkward Cas had been around everyone. How out of practice with people he was. And something in Dean’s chest tightened. He wanted to take Cas home and keep him there. Wanted to teach him to talk to people again. Wanted to know what he’d been through, and what was hiding behind the haunted look in his eyes. Everyone had a tragic story these days, and Dean had enough of his own, but he wanted to make Cas’s ghosts disappear. It was an impossible desire, but it didn’t stop Dean from feeling like he’d been run over by a truck with it.
Jo picked off two, Benny and Dean each got one, Cas bagged four, and by the sound of gunfire all around the woods, the others were working their way through whatever these were too. It was damn lucky these things didn’t seem too smart, ’cause there were enough of them that they could’ve overwhelmed them.
“Yes, sir.” Dean’s fingers fumbled with Cas’s belt, eager to obey. Somehow he got the belt undone, the button of Cas’s jeans popped and his zipper down. Fuck. Cas wasn’t wearing underwear. Heat surged in Dean’s gut at that realization. Cas’s thick, hard cock jutted up, red around the crown and shiny-wet at the tip, and it was right there.
“Shit!” The teenager running toward him yelled, but he didn't stop. “You're not Dean! Oh fuck. Run!”
Fuck, fuck, fuck. Dean's cheeks flamed and his stomach twisted in the hottest way. How had Cas pegged him so fast? “Please put your hand on my damn cock, Cas,” Dean tried, unable to help the bratty edge in his voice.
On the bed, Dean reclines with his elbows propping up his upper body, watching what Castiel's doing intently. Gaze locked on Dean's, Castiel strips down to nothing. He stands there, tanned skin flushed, thick cock jutting out in front of him, dark pink and wet tipped.
Cas’s groan echoed Dean’s. His hand on Dean’s hip tightened bruisingly and Dean wanted more—so much more than this. He tried to pull Cas backwards with him, to lead him inside, but Cas just stubbornly stayed where he was.
He squeezes Cas's bicep a little, grinning, and notices the square patch beneath his palm again. “Hey, what's up with this? D’you get hurt or somethin’?”
It was too quiet though, even with the carpeted floor muffling footsteps, he should've heard some sort of noise if Sam was in here. A kernel of real concern grew in Dean's stomach.
“You too, Charlie,” he replied politely. She flashed them what even Dean recognized was a Vulcan salute, before she turned and walked out the door.
On the bed, Dean laid back, propped up on his elbows as he watched Cas advance on him. Dean looked debauched. He looked like every dirty sexy omega wet dream Cas’d ever had come true. Legs bent up just a little and spread for him in the hottest invitation. Cas climbed up onto the bed, knees between Dean’s thighs as he bracketed his body. Slow and dragging at first, he pressed his lips to Dean's, then firmer as he deepened the kiss.
Being pissed at someone who’d wrapped their truck around a tree a couple days ago was useless. Being sad about it was somehow worse, but underneath the leftover righteous anger he felt, there was a smidgen of regret that they’d never get to have any kind of closure. That Dad wasn’t going to get over his pride one day and make things right with them, because that chance was gone now. Maybe along the edges, there was guilt too, 'cause Dean had done this to their family.
that? Dean swallowed thickly and scrubbed a hand through his hair as he tore his gaze away from Cas, and stared at the floor in front of him instead.
Cas thought, blackly. He was not going to take his landscaper up on flirting and banter. It was probably harmless fun for Dean, entertainment during a hard day of work, the last thing he would want was for the awkward man paying his wages to take it too seriously and make things insufferably weird. "Uh—no, no, I've got this. You go sit down."
Cas’s stomach plummeted heavily. He forced himself to stay calm, kept his scent from souring the air by the thinnest thread of control. Most alphas would probably leap at the chance for a no-strings attached fling with Dean. Hell, Cas couldn’t deny he wanted him, but wanting him wasn’t the problem. He’d wanted Dean Winchester since he was old enough to know what that meant. The problem was that he wanted so much more than Dean was apparently willing to give.
