“Okay, good.” Tony said, wrapping his arms about himself, “That’ll be good.”
“Oh, and while you’re at it, wire Sergeant Sam Wilson’s bank account with Ten grand, will ya?”
“Jarvis.” He whimpered, “Get Mamma and Dad, I need to come home now.”
“Positively delighted Sir.” Jarvis’ voice could have made hell freeze over.
Tony sagged against the wall of the lift as the doors closed. Steve was laughing, “He doesn’t seem too different from my Clint was, a little older maybe, but not that different.”
“What’s up?” Steve asked him as the God straightened upon seeing him.
“You’re late.” MJ groused at him.
“That’s true.” Steve said, “But if going back to school or that school in particular is going to cause you too much stress then we can home school you or find you a different school.”
“Ebony Maw and Corvus Glaive.” Steve said, “Ebony has telekinetic abilities among other things.”
“You need to rest.” Steve said, but Tony was adamant, refusing to try to sleep as he wouldn’t be able to settle, not when he was so worked up over Peter.
“Nonsense, I am the man with a plan and my strategy never fails.” Steve replied, “We must both try to fight this enchantment with Iron Wills.”
“Merry Christmas.” Tony said swallowing back a wave of nausea at the smell of the food and made a beeline for the coffee pot hoping it would help settle his stomach a little.
Peter nodded in agreement, privately pleased to be considered old enough to understand and to be treated like a grown up.
“This is seriously fucked up.” Peter muttered and nearly leaped out of his skin when a scaled monkey threw itself against the glass. It had the form of a monkey but the skin of a reptile and the snout of an alligator.
If his heats were regular as they were meant to be then he could book a few days off work every three or four months and either go through it on his own or have a trusted partner go through it with him; but, with his heats being as unpredictable as they were he was never given more than a two day warning of the approaching heat.
Now it was Tony’s turn to blush, as those brilliant blue eyes stared at him like he was a wonder, like he wasn’t the flawed and damaged Omega he knew he was. They were still gazing into each-other’s eyes when Sam returned with his laptop in one hand and a tool kit in the other. Tony and Steve sprang apart when he set them on the table, both of them flushing at having been caught in an intimate if innocent moment.
“You are sure this Letter is genuine?” Bruce asked squinting at Tony, “I mean really?”
Tony perked up at that, he knew that Steve was too afraid of accidently hurting Zach to train him, if Zach was to received training it would be best if it came from a professional with experience in teaching children. Learning a form of martial arts may well help his confidence, it would also teach him self-discipline and defence.
“He, they are from an alternate reality, Cap,” Tony replied, “He arrived last night with Lily. They are the only survivors of a planetary destruction,”
Steve smiled broadly at this while Clint protested with mock offence, “What are the rest of us, chopped liver?”
*****
“Ultron was the name of a programme that Banner and I were working on. I did not create that android, the life force, intelligence, whatever the hell it was came out of the sceptre that you told Banner and I to study, and yes we thought that maybe the intelligence could help us in creating the Ultron AI but we were no where near close to implementing anything. The scans triggered it and it came to life, created itself a body out of the Iron Legion and Helen Cho’s cradle. And lets not forget the fact that your mind raping Hydra bitch violated my mind, triggered my fears into taking the sceptre in the first place. Had she not done that then Ultron may never have happened. So if you want to blame someone for all of this shit, blame that fucked up murderous whore!”
Speaking of unfair, Shields assessment on him was not exactly fair considering it was done while he was dying and by a sociopath.
“Please.” Steve said, he gave Tony an expectant look which Tony pretended to not understand, “Tony….”
“Behave.” Steve whispered back to him.
“What do his charts say?” Natasha asked as Bruce picked it up to start reading it.
“Does Thor know Santa, he is magic too.”
On the flight back to New York, Pepper called from the hospital in Malibu to let Tony and the others know that Happy had regained consciousness. He was still pretty out of it due to the medication he was on, but the doctors were confident he would make a full recovery.
The airbags deployed and it was a moment before Steve got his bearings, his head was spinning and something was running down the side of his face.
“……ear me, Mr Stark?”
“Aye, and we shall provide it and ensure your safety.” Thor declared looking eager to do so.
“Nah boss, just the sci-fi movies you refuse to have on because they are, and I quote, “An incompetent’s ass-backwards fantasy about how science really works and a complete waste of graphics and digital tech and should be burned at the stake rather than inflicted on the general populous”
“Oh can we?” Tony drawled, amused by Peter’s enthusiasm.
Your Uncle Happy might one day grow a pair and ask your Auntie Pepper out on a date, maybe you’ll get to see them get together at last. Maybe they’ll give you a little brother or sister to play with.” He kissed Zach’s forehead and smiled through his tears at the innocent oblivious baby, “I really wish I could see you grow up, because you are going to be so special and so perfect, the best Stark the world has ever seen.”
Insomnia.
“I think we should talk to Steve about you calling him Daddy.” Tony said, running his fingers through Zach’s curls, “See how he feels about it, okay?”
*****
It worked, Steve was agreeing in a second, and hurried into the compound with Wanda to pack. Sam on the other hand, kicked at the ground.
“Certainly sir, anything else I can do for you?”
“And the rest of the time you’re just going to be filming us doing our thing?” Clint asked.
“So it is true.” Steve whispered, “It was me, just older.”
“Which is why pissing her off is a bad idea.” Sam said.
“Can he be my Daddy and Pete’s Daddy if you marry?” Zach asked yawning widely.
“I’m not, I keep messing up.” Peter wept into Tony’s chest, “You should never have adopted me, you should have just let me go into care, then you wouldn’t have to put up with all of this.”
If he found Bucky, then perhaps it would be an olive branch between himself and Steve.
“We’ll need to anyway.” Steve said, “The hellicarriers will have to be taken off line.” He looked at Tony, “I assume you can do that?”
Tony immediately held out his hands for Lily making a soppy expression, “Aww baby, what’s the matter eh? What’s wrong, did the stupid canary bird not make you smile?”
“Then if I might suggest.” Jarvis said, bringing up a holographic design of the harness and support that he and Tony had already created, “We should opt for a full body harness, one that will fit over your shoulders and cover your back and torso rather than just a glorified seatbelt.”
A couple of stories made their way to the internet, with people reporting seeing a figure climbing walls and jumping off rooves, but with the Devil in Hells Kitchen running around, and a couple of other superhumans in harlem, this was dismissed as just being more of the same and did not arouse his parents suspicions.
Tony nodded, “As much as I don’t trust Fury, I don’t think he’s the sort to march under a Nazi banner, and he did put himself out to warn us about the Nuke.”
Tony’s eyes widened and he grabbed Steve’s arms, “Hell no, this is not your fault. You didn’t know, you couldn’t have known. Don’t blame yourself for this. Please don’t.”
“NO!” Zach shouted, suddenly pushed away from Peter and ran for his own room slamming the door behind him.
Bruce Banner will not be approached or forced to engage in the recording of this documentary.
Coughing raggedly Tony saw the night nurse asked he helped to sit him upright, “How long have you been feeling sick?” She asked pressing the back of her hand to his forehead, “I don’t think you have a fever.”
“No I’m..” Peter checked his phone and rolled his eyes, he was late by three minutes.
“Tony…” Rhodey hissed, his eyes fixed on Rogers and his pair of psycho back-ups,
"Peter will be fine." Natasha said to him, sipping her coffee, her own sundae, a tropical fruit surprise long since eaten, as was Bruce's strawberry's and cream whip. "He'll be home soon, along with your parents."
“The greater good of whom?” He asked, “You? Cap? Sure as hell ain’t Stark, nor Barnes for that matter. You know, if you really believe that, then you are not just cruel, you’re delusional, and I am done with this shit, Falcon is officially standing down.”
Bucky shrugged, “Jus’ been a while.” He said, looking around nervously,
Tony swiped at his face which was damp with tears; he so wanted to be with Peter right now, he wanted to be with Zach right now, he wanted for them all to be together and for this shit to not be happening.
“I’ll call Pepper when we get back,” Tony said, as he got into the drivers seat, “Explain to her what’s happened, and get a press conference arranged, the sooner the wolves have been fed a story the sooner they’ll lose interest.”
Part of Tony, the part that was still furious about Siberia, about Rhodey’s injury, about all that had happened wanted to tell Steve it was his own fault, wanted to tell him he’d have to live with the consequences of his actions and put up with the fact he wouldn’t be part of their daughter’s life.
“Assholes.” Sam grumbled,
“And I’ll help you make a suit.” Ned said to Peter, “What d’you think, a cowl or a full mask?”
About halfway down his confidence grew and began to slide down faster, getting himself down the wall and leaped off when he was ten feet from the ground, landing on the balls of his feet with whoop. Grinning he set off at a run heading to central park where he found MJ waiting.
“Mind control?” Clint offered.
They found Steve on the river bank, he’d been dragged out of the water, along with his shield and left laying on his side. Someone had put him in the recovery position before they’d left him, ensured that he was breathing and not in danger of choking on his own vomit.
“No, you don’t understand,” Tony sighed, worrying at his bottom lip with his front teeth, “I fucked up, I really fucked up. Ultron was my doing, they are right not to trust me.”
“Sir…” The guard said, his hands shaking even more, “You…. You must stand down, we will fire upon you.”
Superboyfriends whoohoo! Another commented, which had led to a hashtag trend of Superboyfriends#
“So, normally when this happens, I just go through it on my own, but this time I was thinking that maybe….” Tony broke off and gave Steve an expression as if he hoped Steve would understand.
“I’m really sorry.” Peter said. “I didn’t mean to hurt him so bad, I just….”
Tony stood up from the bench. His heart was thudding, and a cold sweat had broken out over his body. He staggered dizzily, losing his footing and falling to his knees, where he vomited onto the floor and himself.
“What?” Steve asked confused by the non sequitur.
“Think my Science teacher will be impressed?” Peter asked Tony, watching as the lava began to settle as the volcano finished spewing its guts out.
“Uh, his first name is actually Agent.” Tony informed her, “And he can’t stay as we’re having family night.”
“Maybe.” Tony said, “I’ll speak to Pepper and PR, see what they think first.”
As the case against Osborn and Doctor Curien involved the avengers, specifically Tony Stark he immediately began to keep tabs on the investigation and when news reached him of the doctor having been found and requests for possible immunity from prosecution in return for giving evidence against Osborn, he called Norman to alert him.
Steve’s brow creased and he reached out for Tony, saying his name softly, but the Billionaire pushed him away and rubbed harshly at his face.
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes, “Yeah, well, some Dad’s are assholes and abandon their families, and there’s no reason to be a pussy about it because you’re better off without him.” The boy looked up surprised at Tony’s word choice. “What’s your name rugrat?”
“Hey Mamma do you think we could make a raft?” Peter asked as they tramped through the woods, “Not a big one of course, but one that maybe one of us could sit on?”
“It does sometimes go that way.” May said, “The baby must have been at the back of the womb, so there wouldn’t have been much of a bump, and the kicks would have been easily passed off as wind.”
“Take a seat.” He said gesturing to the chairs by the desk and picked up the phone and pressed a button on the cradle. “Yes I need to speak with Mr Stark, it is urgent.”
Besides which, Tony’s test results had come in from the Doctors and he needed to speak with Steve about them.
Steve ran his hands over his face and up into his hair, “This wasn’t how I was going to do this.” He said, “But, we should talk about it, or I want to talk about it, maybe, the possibility of us trying for a baby.”
“Who knows.” Natasha said stretching out her legs and settling in for a long wait, however, they did not have to wait very long before things started heat up, literally, with several drones flying over and dropping missiles down onto the base.
At once the suit became dead weight and Tony plummeted from the sky smashing down into the side of a sky scrapper, shattering brick work and continuing on his way down to the ground where he struck the pavement so hard that it dented and cracked.
How had he not known, how could he not have known? He’d been living with this thing for months now, he should have known that something was wrong, should have seen something, a sign that it wasn’t Tony, that it was a Skrull he was living with, but he hadn’t noticed, no one had noticed anything was wrong until the thunder storm had hit and the lightning had struck while Tony had been working on the electrics. He’d been shocked, should have been killed or at the very least serious injured, but instead his true form had been revealed.
“Four,” Tony charged up the repulsors and took aim, “Fi….” He didn’t get to finish as all of the guards holstered their guns and ran, “Pussies.” Tony muttered continuing on through the factory, “Jarvis, give me the layout of this rats maze.”
“Yeah!”
“At present I am still on medical leave, but have no fear Iron Man is not going anywhere.”
“J, what do you think the odds are of me getting Steve into a thong on the beach?” He asked as he finished packing the case.
Matt’s smile was acidic, “Delightful offer, but I am afraid I’ll have to decline.” He turned and watched as Steve carried Tony into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.
Giving up he got to his feet when a sudden gush seemed explode out of him splattering his thighs, trousers, and the floor.
“Hey, no, that has to stay put.” A voice said and his hand was caught and pulled away from his face. Squinting he saw Bruce standing by his side looking tired and ragged.
He was still grieving for his Tony, he still wore his wedding ring, still dreamed of him, of their time together, of his death, which had him awakening with tears on his face. But he was starting to have feelings for this Tony.
Clint was not much of a cook. Not in the conventional sense of the word. But he did know how to make a handful of dishes and could make them excellent.
“Mushy.” Peter said heading for the bathroom while Zach scrambled after him and demanded he hurry up because he was “Bustin!”
“Six.” Steve scoffed, “And what else, what else haven’t you told me?”
“His spine may have been injured,” Bruce continued to explain to Thor, “The slightest jolt could compound the injury, we can’t risk it, so we do this as carefully as possible.”
“Probably what has kept him alive.” The paramedic said, “We need to go, are you coming with us?”
“Bucky it’s me Steve, I’m your friend!”
Both Pepper and Rhodey had been furious when they had been told of Howard’s actions and what had been done to Tony. Had Howard been alive then they would have both torn him limb from limb, skinned him, and boiled anything that remained in oil. They had tried to comfort Tony, tried to make him see that this changed nothing, that they loved him regardless but Tony would have none of it, turning his back on them and refusing to speak.
“Don’t you do that.” He said reaching out and cupping Steve’s face with his good hand, “This was not your fault and we didn’t have a choice, he would have killed us if we had stayed, or we’d have been forced to kill him.”
“And after you save me from my wicked Robot Step-Mother/Witch, you will carry me away in your arms, Sir Steve.” Tony said.
Sam decided to try and play peace-maker before things got anymore inappropriate, “Wade, sit down… on the floor or the sofa, not on Barnes. Bucky there will be no killing of anyone, Peter you are underage you are not ordering beer, don’t think I don’t know what you are doing, Clint, stop encouraging him, Matt, go back to whatever you were doing, Viz… just do what you do, and everybody, shut the hell up!”
“Is Tony alright?” Clint asked moving to stand at her side.
“Dude, do you think they are doing alien autopsies?” Ned gasped. “I mean Thor’s an alien right, so its possible?”
“She’s lost everything Tony, she needs us, she deserves a chance,”
“Sorry.” He said stopping abruptly,
More explosions roared over head and the sound of gun fire hit the air.
Tony met his gaze, “The Sceptre.”
Natasha had gone back to DC for a few days and had apparently only just returned, bringing Sam and Clint with her.
The Winter soldier was laying on the ground with his metal arm sparking from exposed wires, a good chunk of the metal blown away by the force of the blast Tony had given him.
“Why didn’t you save me?” Were always his final words as Tony took him into his arms only to have the body crumble to ash and blow away into the wind.
“Mamma and Daddy say I have to respect my power and not treat it as a toy.” He said solemnly to the children, they nodded their heads having heard similar sentiments repeated themselves.
“I want to be with you too baby.” Steve said walking back to bed and sitting down besides Tony, “I want to have sex with you and I want you to enjoy it, and I hope that you can enjoy every moment of it,” He laced his fingers through Tony’s “We’re just going to have to find new ways of going about it.”
Tony glanced up at him, “I’ll have Jarvis wire a reimbursement to your account.” Sam waved it off,
“Not necessarily,” Tony said, “He’s a POW, he’d have a good case for diminished responsibility. Now he would certainly have to go to trial for the crimes, it is unlikely, given the circumstances that he would be found guilty, and even if he were, they would most likely sentence him to a secure hospital for treatment and rehabilitation.”
“Because we want to focus on spoiling you, Champ.” Steve said rescuing Tony from trying to find a way to explain the situation in terms a child would understand. “You and Peter are our priorities right now.” Steve said, taking Zach from Tony’s arms and held his weight with ease, “Maybe one day when you are older we will think about having a Pup together, but that is a long way off.” He put his forehead closer to Zach’s and spoke in a stage whisper, “I still have a lot to learn about Pups before I can make any with your Mamma, do you think you can teach me about them so I will be ready one day?”
“I do not yet know,” Natasha admitted, “This Steven Rogers is different to you, very different, and hard to read. I think that at heart he is a good man, but…”
“Likewise kid, I can’t be a friendly neighbourhood Deadpool…”
“I also don’t want Peter and Zach paraded in front of the cameras.” Tony said firmly, “I’ll also demand that their faces be pixilated if they are caught on film. I can’t keep them from having their pictures out in the public completely but I don’t have to encourage it.” If he had been able he would have kept Zach and Peter away from the press completely. He knew how disruptive it could be to a childhood to have photographers lurking around all the time, and how frustrating the lack of privacy was and he didn’t want his kids to suffer that.
“But I didn’t spot it, because I was too busy blotting everything out with booze just like fucking Howard.” Tony inhaled sharply after he’d said that, Steve freezing up, there was more to that statement, a story there and not a happy one either.
“The bomb was made by my Father for the Vietnamese war.” Tony explained, “At the end of the war, all the remaining weapons and arsenal should have been destroyed or shipped back to the US. But not all Generals play by the rules. Some like to line their own pockets, which this one did, and the remaining Stark weapons were sold to a black market arms dealer, who then sold them on to the Russians, where they were backwards engineered to improve soviet tech, put back together and left in a silo for thirty odd years, until Sokovia purchased weapons from Russia to aid them during the war. The Government could not afford state of the art weapons and had to make do with stuff that was decades out of date, including the bomb that malfunctioned and killed Wanda’s parents.” Tony spread his arms and sighed deeply, “So I did not kill her parents, I am not directly responsible for Ultron, I have done nothing but try to help you and be a friend to you, but I see now that such a thing is impossible. You don’t want a friendship with me, you want nothing but what you can get from me, well let me tell you here and now Rogers. I am done with you. I do not want to see you again, I do not want you calling me, texting me, or coming anywhere near me, do you understand?”
“And what would my other hand be doing in this scenario?” Steve purred, a lewd smirk playing on his lips.
Once they had found the triggers for Zach’s power, they had to teach him to control it and not allow it to control him. This was going to take more time, it wasn’t as simple as turning off a tap, it would take Zach a while to learn to contain the natural instinct to fight, however, part of his martial arts training was to learn self-control so he was already learning this along with mediation, which Bruce also helped him with as he did a lot of mediation himself to try and keep Hulk under control.
“I think you mean that the other way around.” Steve said, glancing up at Jarvis’ nearest camera seeing it give a wink of acknowledgment.
But what do the Avengers do when they are not on duty, what do they get up to in their day to day lives? In this documentary you will be shown exactly what life is like in the Avengers tower.”
*****
Tony could feel the first twinges of a panic attack building in his chest. He knew he had to get away from Rogers right now, or he would lose it and he couldn’t afford to have an attack right now, not when he might be spotted by other people, any hope of being seen as anything but a fuck up would be destroyed if they saw him in the throes of an anxiety attack.
Lily giggled and reached out grabby hands to Tony, for him to take her, eagerly he did so and began making faces at her which set her off laughing all the more.
“Hey baby boy, I hope you’re feeling better. I wish I could be there with you, I miss you so much sweetheart and I promise I’ll be home with you very soon.”
“Sacrifices have to made in war.” Natasha said, “Hard ones, horrible ones.”
Peter could pack for himself, Zach however needed Tony’s assistance, so Tony made sure that plenty of shorts, T-Shirts, underpants, flip-flops, trainers, and swimming trunks were packed for his Son, along with the beach-balls and other toys they would be taking with them.
“I’ll shoot you if you carry on!”
*****
“I do not believe so.” Jarvis replied, “Why would you ask such a question or think such a thing of yourself?”
So, Zach took his pants with him, heading back to the kitchen to get his Mamma to help him put them on properly.
Steve had dropped down into a semi-crouch to sweep Peter’s legs out from under him only for Peter to flip himself over Steve’s body before the kick could land. He put his arms out in front of himself moving into a handstand on Steve’s shoulders which had everyone in the gym cheering him on. Grinning Peter continued with the momentum, intending to land on his feet behind Steve, only he over-compensated, using more strength than necessary and threw himself smack into the wall of the gym.
Eventually Tony’s tears dried, and he was able to sit up shakily, wiping at his face with his fingers and sniffing hard.
“I’m Steve. So Harley are you home alone?”
“Huh. I guess some things are universal.” Tony said, “But really, you don’t have to do this if you’re not ready.”
Was it too soon since his Tony’s death to consider finding love elsewhere? He knew that his Tony would have said no. They had talked about it during their relationship. Had both known the risks of being an Avengers and had wanted the other to find happiness elsewhere should the worst happen.
Natasha sat back on the sofa to talk with Thor giving half her attention to the board game and the Thunder God.
Steve didn’t even think about what he was doing, he simply ran and jumped onto the bonnet of the car reached inside the front where the windscreen should have been, he grabbed the man who’d attacked them, hauling him off Tony who gasped for air and began to cough harshly.
Yeah. A God.
“Can I have a sister like Emma, she’s real pretty and I like her. Can you and Daddy Steve make me a sister?”
“Wish I was like that.” Tony sighed, Steve reached across the table and held his hand giving a smile,
“Just for the record, you do know there will be no sex while we’re here, right?” he said to Steve as the super soldier took the keys from the ignition.
“Oh?”
“Bucky… you mean James Buchanan Barnes, right?” Tony checked, “He died 1945, fell from a train in the alps.”
“Shall I also include laser quest and a bowling alley?”
“Goddamnit Toby I said golden brown not charcoal!”
Peter coughed and spat blood out of his mouth. He couldn’t move, he was pinned down by something very heavy, something that had shielded him from the building collapsing and the explosion.
“I’ll get some ice to take down the swelling.” He said to Tony, getting up from the bed, but his hand was seized in a tight, almost painful grip, “Baby?” he asked in a gentle tone so as not to spook Tony.
“Is there anyway to be certain of their status?” Thor asked.
“Meh, give or take.” Steve said with a shrug, “I’ll get lessons so I don’t tread all over your feet or bump into the others.”
Poor child, orphaned. Being raised by a false hero and a spoilt brat. Neither were suitable parents in Steve’s opinion. Lucy or whatever her name was should have been taken into care.
He also made out that Rogers was nothing more than a propaganda tool, the dancing monkey he had drawn himself as.
“No you wouldn’t,” Tony said, “You talk to me fine.”
“You know damn well why.” Steve snarled, “Back off.”
“..Ad!” Lily greeted making grabby hands for Tony, “..Ad, Ad,” Tony froze, his brown eyes going wide in shock as he realized what she was trying to say was Dad. He looked up from the baby to Steve who’s face mirrored his own expression. Not understanding why the grown-ups weren’t doing what she wanted, Lily whined and squirmed in Steve’s hold, reaching out again for Tony.
“My lab.” Tony replied, “Most of it’s been shipped over to the Tower, but there’s still enough equipment to check this letter and a few others things.”
“He?” Clint pressed.
“Anemones.” Tony corrected while Peter snorted with laughter over Zach calling them enemas. Even Bruce’s lips were twitching at the mistake.
Laying in her bed, Wanda’s eyes snapped open and red energy dissipated around her. This had been the most intricate nightmare yet.
He was going to have to lay off the cookies, mince pies, and yule log come New Year, and start putting some hours in at the gym.
He was also becoming pretty good at detecting when children were hiding something.
Daredevil yanked Natasha away from the wall and frog marched her back to the UN, with Clint and Peter following. As the team assembled on the steps, with Wanda limp and unresponsive in Vision’s arms and Roger’s unconscious and restrained, Rhodey came out from where he’d been hiding to protect Lily.
Sadly he was not.
Waking up to Tony every morning was still a novelty to Steve, he was always awake before Tony, even before Zach who often came to visit in the mornings, much to Tony’s dismay since it meant he’d be leaped on by his far too awake son, followed by a couple of kittens who found feet a lot of fun to attack.
“We’ll find our way together, small steps.” He whispered, “I’ve never courted anyone and I guess you’ve never been courted, so, we’ll figure it out as we go.”
“Just, on a serious note, if there is anything you want to talk about, things you don’t feel you can talk to your Mamma about, come to me, day or night. I promise, there is nothing you can tell me that will shock me.”
“You can do as I was going to in Bern. Take that short cut straight on down and end it all. Or you can stay up here with me and burn.” Tightening his jaw Killian suddenly wrenched the glowing railing off the catwalk and tossed it down onto the burning factory floor below. “Just one step Tony and it all ends.” He said gesturing out to the billionaire.
“Tony listen.” Steve said cutting Tony off, “Theres something you need to know, and I am so sorry.”
Grabbing Tony about the waist, Steve kicked for the surface as hard as he could and gasped for air as he got his head above water, hauling Tony up and balancing him against his chest so he could swim for the cliff face. Around him he heard Clint and Natasha’s sighs of relief, could hear Zach and Peter crying, Thor trying to comfort them, while Bruce and Sam called out to Steve, making ready to take Tony from him and get him up onto the rocks.
“It doesn’t.” Steve agreed, “So no more tears.”
“You puke on my furniture you are scrubbing every inch of this tower with a toothbrush.” Tony said and batted Espresso away from his bacon which the cat was trying to steal from his plate. “Hey cat-burglar, go steal from bird-brain, leave my normal person size portions alone.”
“I am Peter I will always be proud of you.” Tony said, sniffing back tears of his own and rubbed Peter’s back, “You aren’t bad, you are just confused. You’re going through puberty and trying to deal with being enhanced on top of that.”
“You could help us, you know.” Sam said gesturing to the tents.
Peter felt achy and heavy as he slowly opened his eyes, his mouth was horribly dry and he made to sit up to get a drink only to have a gentle hand push against his shoulder.
New York
Curien scowled at the Captain and at Tony, “What are you gonna do, kill me?” He asked trying to sound amused rather than scared for his life, “Go on, what have I got to loose, my career is over, my life is over, death would be a mercy.”
Zach of course got his way with the s’mores and was practically vibrating with his sugar excess by the time Tony and Steve insisted they all go to bed. Peter groaned at this because he was the one who would dealing with a hyper Zach rather than Tony and Steve, and braced himself for being kept awake with rapid fire conversation and being bounced on as Zach wriggled around and chattered non stop.
“What others?” Steve asked, “Hydra?”
“And where did you think you were off to?” The man said, taking hold of Zach in an unbreakable grasp.
“Fank you Mr Steeff.”
Peter took the tablet back from Tony and snickered, “They’ve also got #IronMom trending and #SuperParents.”
“Alright.” Rhodey said, standing down, “Tony? Can you pilot the suit, or do you need a ride?”
As he came out of the tent he was greeted to the glorious sight of Steve Rogers with his shirt off digging a fire pit several feet away from the tents. He had the sun behind him which cast a golden glow on his skin, highlighting his rippling muscles and firm flesh.
“Forgive the interruption Captain.” Jarvis said, as Steve sketched.
Steve did feel for them, he wanted to comfort them but right now the priority was getting Peter safely home, then he could deal with ensuring Ned and MJ were alright.
*****
She was right, Steve knew she was right, he was selfish just to think of giving up and turning into a monster to avenge Tony and abandon the two boys who had taken him into their hearts, he owed them his loyalty, he owed it to Tony to be a Father to them if the worst happened. But revenge would be so much easier, he was a soldier, he knew how to track people, how to kill, being a Father, especially with Tony’s support, that he had no idea how to do and was terrified of messing it up.
"It's that dipshit Osborn's fault." Tony growled, "And he's going to pay for it if it's the last thing I do."
The Death of Peter Parker Stark’s parents.
Scrambling from his seat Harry took his Father’s arm, “Dad, come on!” He urged, stumbling when Norman shook him away and with what was left of his pride got himself to his feet, “This isn’t over.” He spat, spinning around and dragged Harry out of the room with him.
“Vi, sweetheart, I’ve just been speaking to Arthur, I had no idea that your Son had remarried, and don’t you look radiant tonight, red really is your colour.”
Tony blanched, "Zach, I didn't think, he'll need picking up from school!"
"Of course." Tony said, "Everyone will be in to see you. Screw hospital rules, you need your family around you and they all need to see you."
On crutches for his leg, Tony watched the fireworks from the tower with Steve, Lily and the rest of the team, including the newly introduced Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Marvel who had joined in, taking out several ships that had been just outside of orbit.
Tony was showered in confetti, glitter, and streamers as the lift doors opened and he rolled into the penthouse.
The mentioning of Osborn brought back the memories of the lab and Peter had to swallow back a wave of nausea, “The things he’s doing, Mamma.” He said, “The things in that lab…”
Wanda smiled darkly as she gazed up at the stars above her, besides her Pietro snored, he was curled into a foetal position, his hands cradled beneath his chin and his knees to his chest as he tried to stay as warm as possible as they slept rough.
After a week of bed rest Tony insisted on going to his lab and built the prototype for the braces. He was still weak, he’d lost a great deal of muscle mass and was suffering from various deficiencies, but the Doctors were sure he would recover given time and rest. Not that looking after Morgan gave him much chance for that in the earliest weeks, she gave him more sleepless nights than building Rhodey’s braces did!
“It won’t really work if you come in with me.” Peter said to Zach to gazed up at him, all tearful dark eyes and wobbling bottom lip. “I did something wrong and I hurt Mamma, so I am learning my lesson with a week in my room.”
But the face shape, the caffeine addiction, the incredible generosity, they were all painfully familiar.
“Doom can go fuck himself.” Clint spat turning his arrows on the dictator and his bots which began to bear down on them with increased fury. These were more advanced than the ones they had been fighting.
Curien lunged off the seat just as Norman fired again; the bullet went into the upholstery and Norman cursed while Curien reached back with his good arm, he grabbed the door handle and pulled on it throwing himself out of the car and into the road.
Steve groaned, “Why is no one in this tower sane?”
Natasha let out an audible groan, “Stark?” She said, “The whole world knows where he is, he goes out for coffee and there’s a dozen tweets in five seconds, you don’t need to spy to know where he is, just look at social media.”
“Yes. I saw the aftermath which was horrific.” Steve said, “But Tony found Curien cutting Peter open, while Peter was conscious.”
The armour closed up and blasted off the ground, heading back for Stark Tower. Very carefully, as if he were afraid that Tony might break. Vision lifted him up bridal style, while Steve hitched a lift with War Machine again.
“Fank you Mr Captain!”
The alpha in him longed to shove himself between Tony and those interlopers and start snarling and stake his claim so that all of them would know who they would be challenging if they dared to try and take Tony for themselves.
“What could cause that?” Thor asked, as he leaned his weight against Mjolnir looking reverently at Tony.
“It only said that it was a Skrull, nothing else.” Rhodey said wishing he could go into the cell and take the creature by the throat and start beating the truth out of it.
Tony had developed this operation with Jarvis in the event of his death or long term incapacity, so that his family, and the rest of the world would not go unprotected.
They left the gala early, staying just long enough for politeness sakes and then made their exits, pausing on the way back to the tower to pick up a couple of pizzas since the meal hadn’t been large enough to fill Steve at all and Clint and Bruce were both still peckish with Natasha only having a slice, Tony, due to his on coming heat had no appetite, just wanting to get out of his suit and take a shower before going to bed so he could get some sleep before his heat arrived.
“Would they mention it in front of you?” MJ asked, “My parents won’t even talk about local stores getting robbed in front of me. They think that shit is too traumatizing for a childs ears.”
Clint patted his shoulder, “We’re here, you don’t have to do this or try to explain it alone.”
As one they moved, hurling themselves at Thanos, aiming the power of the repulsors and mind stone at Thanos’ shoulder.
She would take over Jarvis’s main duties in running the tower, maintaining security, communicating with Dumm-E, You, and Butterfingers, and overseeing Tony’s day to day life.
“No, why shouldn’t the guy let off a little steam?” Tony said reaching out to support himself on Steve’s broad shoulder, feeling oddly dizzy and too hot in his own skin.
While the boys kept Thor entertained with stories of all that had happened since he left for Asguard, Tony got Darcy, Jane, and Eric settled into guest rooms, and then went down to his lab, patting the bots on their touch sensitive panels before slumping at a work bench with his head bowed.
“After the first dozen melons were decimated I figured stopping it was more hassle than it was worth, and at least he and Thor aren’t have jousting contests on office chairs with mops as the lances and wearing dust bins with eye holes cut into them for helmets.”
“Ohh, hello, we’ve another crab.” Tony said pointing to a shore crab that was scuttling along the sand giving them all a wide birth.
“Peter.” Tony breathed rushing to his side, narrowing the beam he cut through the restraints freeing his son.
“Thanks Jay, you’re the best.”
Tony ran his hands through his hair, “Isn’t it?” He asked sagging back against the wall, “I chose to become Iron Man, to keep being Iron Man, I chose to live in the public eye when I became a Mother, I chose to challenge terrorists and make myself a target for them, and in so doing made Peter and Zach targets.”
“What?” The billionaire feigned innocence. It didn’t work, “Look, I have voiced my concerns, I think we are risking our lives by staying here, so what kind of person would I be if I encouraged that kind of behaviour?”
“Can I do one too?” Zach asked, his chin dripping in syrup.
“Thank you.” Steve said as he caught his breath nodding to Thor as the God landed besides him.
“It is for me,” Tony looked to Steve, “Fancy putting on your glad rags and coming along?”
“While we cannot be certain, it does appear that A.I.M was originally a part of Hydra, their R+D department as it were, but at some point their broke away from Hydra and set up on their own.”
Unlike the walk to the cliff, the walk back to the villa was subdued and mostly silent. Instead of running ahead every chance they got and pointing things out, Peter and Zach stuck to Tony’s side, Zach holding Tony’s hand the entire way back to Villa. He also refused to be parted from Tony when they went through to the bedroom. Looking very distressed when Tony said he was just going to go for a shower.
It would be a pleasure to attack him when he was completely defenceless, crippled on a hospital bed, unable to do anything but scream.
Steve wasn’t sure who had started the kissing, himself or Tony, but they had ended up in bed together, making love for the first time, and that had been the start of their relationship, which had grown in strength, leading to marriage, and Lily’s birth.
Letting the Doctor’s body slump to the floor, Tony scrambled off the bed and with no small amount of difficulty got down besides him and set about stripping him. He couldn’t very well leave the cell in his hospital gown, that would have alarms ringing right away, but he could sneak out in the Doctors clothes, the lab coat should be enough to conceal his bump, and he should get away with it if he kept his head down.
Desperation got him moving again and he grit his teeth, ignoring his throbbing legs and back, making himself climb higher and higher until he finally reached the surface level and opened the door which lead into what looked to be a cafeteria. There was several dozen people in Hydra uniforms sat at the tables eating and drinking, talking in low voices.
As Tony was still shaking like a leaf, he was placed between Thor and Steve so that if is step faltered they could steady him easily. Steve offered to carry him but Tony refused, insisting on walking.
“Everything.” Bruce said.
Zach was sleepy, he’d burned off his energy running around the amusement park and spending time on the beach making sand castles and playing chicken with the waves. He could barely keep his eyes open as Tony washed him and brushed his teeth, changing him into his pyjamas, carrying him through to bed.
He made sure to get out the hand sanitiser and grabbed Zach as the little boy reappeared, making sure he washed his hands clean.
“Uh-Huh!” Zach sped across the floor and jumped up at Peter his arms wrapping about Peter’s legs as he tried to reach for the menu, shrieking and protesting when Peter kept it out of his reach.
“Smoked Salmon seems a classic choice.” Steve said, “But we’ll need vegetarian options and I suppose vegan options. How big is the guest list?”
“Because,” Tony said tapping the work table with his knuckle, “I don’t miss my Mother.”
Peter made a disgusted face at this while Zach looked confused, “What would come up?”
He would find himself staggering through a wasteland, his feet tripping and stumbling on the broken ground, great slabs of rock jutting up like jagged teeth out of the earth blocking his way and slowing his progress. Thick clouds of smoke and dust half blinded and suffocated him as he picked his way through the debris, finding objects he recognised as he went.
Without Tony there would be no reason for him to exist, not beyond avenging Tony’s death, which Steve swore he would do. He would hunt down the person or persons responsible for Tony’s death and he would make them beg for death before the end.
“So?” Tony said, “I don’t have a bike, yet.”
Steve didn’t smile but he did knock his cup against Tony’s.
Tony allowed himself a few moments of glee over getting back in contact with Jarvis before he turned serious again. “Major shit has gone down. Hydra put a hit out on me and Steve, we were attacked by the Winter Soldier, who just so happens to be Bucky Barnes. We managed to get away but we’re both pretty beat up and we need to lay low.
“There are other worlds Steve,” Reed said, “Ones you can go to, in fact there is one that his practically a mirror to ours. You can warn them of what’s coming, of Thanos. Prevent this happening in that world, and give Lily a chance to grow up,”
Steve arrived first, looking very handsome in his suit and didn’t even acknowledge Clint’s wolf whistle.
“Looks like.” Sam said, “Best enjoy the relaxation now, since we’ll be far more active tomorrow.”
Married to Steve, Steve being their new Daddy? Dear God, Tony really had to work harder on keeping his crush from being discovered, what the hell would he do if Steve ever found out?
“That’s child abuse!”
“Jesus Tony.” Steve whispered. “Why would you do this to yourself, why wouldn’t you tell me you were doing this?”
Groaning Tony blinking open his eyes wincing as light assailed them, the face of someone he didn’t know loomed over him, a light flashed in his eyes and he saw a white coat, a Doctor.
“Enough.” Peter said after a few moments, “Sleepy Mamma.” He murmured.
“Let’s see if we can fit that inside the chassis.” Tony said frowning down at his tablet. After several minutes typing he pulled up a prototype design for a new suit interior complete with the support harness that Jarvis had designed and the leg braces.
“Come on,” he said, giving this new Steve a friendly smile, “Let’s go and see if I’ve anything we can give her until the baby foods delivered,” blinking back the tears that were shining in his brilliant blue eyes, Steve nodded his head, following Tony out of the lab and up into the common area.
“Oh. I never knew my Daddy.” Zach said, “Him died in plane crash before I was borned and Mamma doesn’t talk ‘bout him.”
It seemed the Billionaire was still in hospital in Prague and would be remaining there for several weeks before he would be fit enough to travel back to the US. His children were going back though, were heading to New York and would come under the care of Pepper Potts and the Avengers that were going back with them.
“Glad you could make it, Captain,” Fury said, looking very healthy for a man who’d been reported to have been shot multiple times, he looked to Natasha and Tony, nodding to and addressing them, “Stark, Romanoff.”
“The hell you will.” Tony didn’t have time to react before he was being thrown across the lawn by Wanda’s magic. Having been drawn outside by the fight the other Avengers stood ready to defend Steve against Tony.
His attention snapped back to his PA, "Get the window cleaned, get those morons shifted, and get Stark and all these half witted do-gooders off my back!"
“Now there are ten journalists who will be receiving this link live.” Pepper said, “It is also going to be broadcast in a few hours time. If you feel uncomfortable or want to stop you can at any moment.”
“Indeed, which is why you spent twenty minutes arguing with Dumm-E over which type of apple made the best substitute for a tennis ball to throw across the room by pointing out which type was the most spherical and would provide the more velocity.”
“Give her to me.” Tony panted struggling against the restraints, “Give my baby to me!”
“Made you smile though, didn’t it?”
Zach sniffed, “Did I do something wrong?” He asked timidly and Steve’s heart shattered at the question.
“He sure is.” Clint said with a grin, “Quite the little fire cracker.”
How they could have been so distant to their only child Tony didn’t know. He adored spending time with Zach and Peter, even more so now that Zach was becoming more active and starting to move around, although he was dreading it when the Pup began walking, he’d be screwed trying to keep him out of trouble then.
Bruce made a contemplative noise, “If the temperature is high enough they can, but it has to be very high, far more than the sunlight on this beach.”
Tony spluttered with a laugh, “Business tech, that’s giving Hammer too much credit, he wasn’t that smart, Cap.”
Steve shrugged, “The worst that could happen is that he makes himself sick.”
“Right now your Son’s body is debating whether or not to accept Extremis or too….well, you know.” Killian said snickering, “I’m not sure if you can tell from this, but until his body either accepts it or not, all he’ll experience is searing, agonising pain. It’s kind of like acid in your veins, lava seeping into your muscles, organs liquifying… you get the picture?”
Steve, this Steve swallowed hard and managed a weak smile, “Hi Tony,” he greeted, “I, well, uh, it’s a long story,” Tony nodded his head then startled as the bundle in Steve’s arms gave a cry, he realized, belatedly that it wasn’t a bundle but a baby!
Toby beeped made an indignant popping noise with his springs, offended that Tony did not accept the blackened remains of bread that lay smouldering besides him.
He could recall Howard taking him into the workshop as a child, jabbing him with electrodes, sticking him with pins, making hold burning or freezing items in his hands then recording the data of Tony’s injuries and his healing. He’d been too young to understand it at the time, but now he knew it was Howard testing to see if the serum had an effect on him.
“I’m a superhero Pete!” Zach declared, lifting his head so he could look at his brother, his eyes were shining with pride and a huge smile was on his face as he spoke. “I’m Fire Cracker. I defted the bad guy and saved Mamma.”
Peter immediately snatched up Tony’s limp hand and held it tightly, “Hey Mamma, I don’t know if you can hear me, but I’m here and so’s Dad and Zach, everyone is here and we’re all okay. Everything is going to be okay, isn’t it Dad?”
******
“All sorted, I can hit moving targets now as well as fixed targets.” Peter wrote back. After a few moments his phone buzzed and unsurprisingly it was Ned on the group chat with MJ.
“Mamma!”
He wished he could be brave, wished he could be strong, wished he wasn’t so scared. He wanted to make his Mamma and Daddy proud of him, but he hurt so much, and he was so frightened all he wanted to do now was to go home.
“And our privacy is respected as Tony and Clint have said in regards to our family.”
“I think that’s enough questions for now.” One of the teachers said wading into the throng and put an arm about Zach, “I know you are all curious, but please don’t overwhelm your friend, and do not pressure him to use his powers. As he has said, he has to respect them, they are not a toy.”
Steve felt a twist of guilt in his guts again. Peggy had nearly died, had been badly hurt because he’d failed to destroy Hydra seventy years before.
Steve rolled his eyes, “I suppose you’d prefer a hot rod red and gold-titanium path.”
She settled back to watch the pair as Fury explained about Project Insight, what it would entail and what that would or could mean for either Hydra or for the world depending on who was controlling it.
“Something like that. Kid tried to shoot me with a potato gun. He’s some kind of super genius, kind of cute too. I think he’d get on well with Peter and Zach. Are they okay, can you put them on the phone, I need to apologise to them.” Steve’s breath caught in his throat as Tony went on, “I was stupid I know, I should have known better. I’ll try and make this up to all of you I promise, nothing like this will ever happen again. Look Jarvis is out of commission at the moment, I’m going to try and get him and the suit fixed up, before he shut down Jarvis said something about information on the Mandarin being in this area, I need to check this lead out before I can come home. I’ve got to take this asshole out Steve, he has to be stopped. I’m sorry I’ve gotten you guys involved in this shit but I can’t let this go, not now.”
“On a gold stretcher.” Pietro sneered disgustedly, he nodded his head and put his arm about Wanda’s shoulders pulling her close and glared at any men who looked her way as they walked down the street, “What did you have in mind for him?”
“But I want them!” Zach pouted and Steve felt his heart melting at the sight,
Tony pointed at him, “You are grounded. And I have excellent taste in music.”
“Maybe it’d be better if I went.” Steve suggested, if Bucky or rather the Winter Soldier kicked off then he would stand a better chance of subduing him than Tony would.
“Right.” Tony said letting her usher him out of the shop, “Pep, what would I do without you?” He asked her?
“Well um, its uh, its difficult to explain and you can’t tell anyone what I tell you, not even your parents.” Peter said worrying at his bottom lip, “It has to do with what happened as Oscorp.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m not guilty,” Tony whispered, “I still did it, I still made the fucking thing,”
“What isn’t…”
“Deadpool saw you and Barnes on the news and decided that you needed help, and so he took Peter hostage at gun point and forced Clint to fly them all here.”
Stark Tower.
“Liar.” Pepper spat.
But thankfully Thor remained unharmed and in the spirit of weapons demonstration cheerfully wielded Mjolnir and decimated the melon spraying the range in sticky fruit.
“There’s no one in here, they must be in there.” A voice called.
Before they sat down to eat the team had zoom calls from Sam and from Clint, thanking them for the presents and wishing everyone a happy Christmas.
Steve wasn’t completely without ways of helping Tony though, the physio showed him how to massage Tony’s legs when they spasmed, he was also shown by nurse how to cut Tony’s toe nails safely and how to make sure that his feet were completely dry before he put on socks and shoes.
“So you survived. No attacks by wild bears, wolves, masked psychopaths, or mutated river creatures?” Rhodey teased as Steve, Tony, and the boys arrived back at the tower.
One of the thugs pressed closer to Clint, leering at him, “And what are you then, the masochist?”
“You are not a freak, you do have a heart. I know you have a heart because I know how much it is breaking right now and I know that because mine is breaking too for seeing you in so much pain.”
“Zach stop it!” Peter cried at his brother.
The cry came from Rogers, while the rest of the team gaped at Steve, looking from him to Tony and the baby, then back to Steve in wonderment.
“Important.” Tony groaned too groggy for this, “Jay, what’s the time?”
Steve shrugged, “Shouldn’t we?” he asked, “The letter said not to keep secrets, this is a secret unless we tell.”
“How the hell…is that a person?”
“You are full of sh…”
“Zach.” Steve said, wincing as his head ached more, his mouth tasted disgusting and was horribly dry.
“So, between arguing with Pepper about making fun floors for stress relief, I sent a drone over Camp Leheigh.” Tony said pulling up and image of the old training ground.
“Still with us then, lab-rat?” He asked cruelly pinching and twisting Zach’s cheek, making the boy choke back a cry of pain. Killian laughed at Zach’s expression and pinched his skin tighter before he finally released it and took his hand away from Zach’s face. “Well that’s good.” He said taking a step back from Zach, it’s good you’re still here. It’ll give your Mother some much needed encouragement.”
“Liar!” Peter cried, “I said Komodo Dragons eat people, not tiny lizards. Its not my fault you wet yourself because it found you a nice bed!”
He wasn’t sure what the make Natasha Romanoff; she seemed friendly enough but there was something about her that had him on edge, as if there was more behind her smirk and cold efficiency than she was willing to show.
“Hold on baby boy.” Tony said, “I’m coming.” He took to the air flying through the factory, up to the third floor and went right on to the end of the corridor. He didn’t bother trying to find a door, he just blasted through the walls and shoved his way through smashing the brickwork that was in the way.
“Jarvis.” He whispered in a hoarse voice, “Get Steve.”
“The pizza will be fine, thank you.” Steve said, his cheeks still pink and he went to Sam’s fridge and found the take away Pizza box.
“I still say we should go with an all America buffet.” Tony said, “I mean who doesn’t like burgers, hot dogs, and pizza?”
“You two go first.” Bruce ordered Natasha, “We have to do this carefully we can’t risk jostling the injury.”
Rogers and Natasha’s trials took a year to come to court, they were tried together on charges of theft, terrorism, failure to report a crime, attempting to pervert the course of justice, resisting arrest, assault of Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Rhodey, and Lily Stark-Rogers, and illegal entry to Austria.
Tony managed to stammer out a brief explanation for Steve as the two of them ran down to the garage and jumped into the nearest car. Tony instructed Jarvis to let the other's know what was going on as he put the peddle to the floor and screeched out of the garage.
“Really, I am begging you, do not start talking anytime soon, okay?”
Bruce had bought Zach a children’s book on the cosmos and a decent telescope, promising to help teach him about the stars.
“Don’t wanna go back in chair, or cold box.” He shook his head violently, “Don’t wanna hurt no more.” Tony’s forehead creased in sympathy for him,
“What movies? And no to the Popcorn, last time you two did that, it exploded and there was popcorn stuck to the walls, we practically had to drill it off it was stuck so solid.” Tony said, “And what movies, Happy are you corrupting my precious Petey-pie?”
As the funeral was in New York Tony had opened up Stark Mansion in Long Island for the reception so he and Peter didn’t have to stay in hotel or hire a place out. It was strange being back in his childhood home, the old place hadn’t seen residents since Jarvis and Ana had died, being back there brought back memories for him, both good and bad. The good being the time he spent with Jarvis and Ana in the kitchen, where he’d “Helped” them cook, making more mess than anything, although Ana always let him lick the bowls of cake batter or icing out when she was done with them. Unfortunately the good memories were drowned out by the bad ones, Howard being belligerent, being drunk, being violent. Maria passed out from Valium and vodka, too many hours spent alone in his room trying frantically to impress his parents and get them to love him.
“And who is running this show?” Tony asked suspecting he already know the answer.
“I don’t know. He retired from all that, and I respect that. God knows he’s earned it. But he’s too young to just kick back and do nothing, he needs an occupation of some sort. With his skills he would be excellent as a head of security. Happy is mostly working for Pepper now, and Clint could find all the blind spots in security and give advice on how to secure them, he works well with a team, and he isn’t a yes man,”
“Hell no, uniforms suck.” Tony said, then at Steve’s pointed cough added, “Unless they are military uniforms and hot people.”
“Right.” Tony agreed. “The academic kids can be encouraged and will flourish, and the less academically gifted can be tutored easier with less crowding in the classrooms, and they can be taught other skills.” He shrugged, “A kid might struggle with reading and writing but be brilliant with his hands and become an incredible engineer or architect.”
“You are not, finish stuffing your face and then get your butt into your room and put on your school pants and shoes.” Tony ordered him, “And you,” He pointed at Peter who froze, a deer in the headlights look coming over his face, “Wow!” Tony said, “You haven’t done anything and you look guilty.” His eyes narrowed, “Why do you look guilty, what have you done?”
“Which the shield bathrooms can attest to.” Fury drawled as he joined them in Tony’s room, slapping the back of Clint’s head as he want past him, with the Doctor who was over seeing Tony’s case, following at his heels like an obedient dog. “Stark,” the director acknowledged, “It’s good to see you’re awake.”
“I don’t even know if I can enjoy it anymore!” Tony screamed back, he sat rigid on the bed, his upper body shaking with frustration and anger brought on by the situation. “I don’t know if I can enjoy sex anymore.” He said in a hard and bitter voice, “I don’t know if I will feel anything when you get inside me, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to try and it also doesn’t mean that won’t enjoy having you making love to me, doing all the rest of it even if I can’t feel part of it.”
“I know it does, it’s part of growing up.” He explained. “And growing up isn’t always easy.”
Steve’s head hurt just thinking about what the cost of that would be, “I’m going to start on blueprints. As soon as Pepper gets the go ahead from legal about the school I’m going to be getting architects to work right away, I want to get this place up and running in a year if possible.” He paused and grinned at the slightly shell shocked soldier, “So, what did you want to see me about?” He asked and hooked his fingers into Steve’s belt to tug him forward, “Were you missing me?”
Steve squeezed his hand and offered him a tremulous smile, “Its going to be okay now sweetheart.” He said, “I promise.”
“Had me worried for a moment Cap.” Natasha said, “Are you with Stark?”
“Cryogenics.” Tony said, “They keep him in the freezer, pop him out and send him on a job then shove him back in. He doesn’t age, doesn’t do anything but sleep until he’s needed.” He let out a deep breath, “It must be the super soldier serum keeping him from being brain damaged.” Steve looked at him sharply and he shrugged, “Freezing human tissue is easy, its meat, it freezes like any meat, it’s the thawing someone out that’s the hard part, it results in brain damage, the serum is what protected you and I’d guess what’s protected him.”
Curien paled, a remarkable feat considering how low on blood he still was. He fumbled for the call button but Steve snatched it from his grasping hand and held it out of reach.
“If Tony has his way it’ll be the better part of twenty years.” Steve said, thinking of Tony’s insistence that Zach go to college first, “He wanted the same for Peter, but Peter….well he’s a teenager and he’s not the first teen to think he knows better than his parents, nor will he be the last I am sure.”
“Captain America to the rescue.” Peter declared,
Only three hours past before the next wave; this time Tony straddled Steve and rode him. His body bucking and writhing above Steve as he came and slowly knotted for the second time. He held Tony then, as the Omega shivered against his chest whimpering slightly and swiftly falling asleep once more.
Fury’s good eye twitched and Hill glared.
With the rogues off their hands Rhodey and Vision went back to the hotel finding all but Bucky, Deadpool, and Clint asleep. The three of them were playing poker and cheating.
“Time to rock and roll!” Deapool exclaimed, charging out of the rubble, swinging his katana blades he decapitated a couple of chitauri as he made his way back to Cull, sliding under him and slashing his legs, a move that would have severed the limbs of a human but only scratched Cull, from the leviathan Peter flipped onto Cull’s shoulders and covered his head in webbing, blinding him and giving Bucky the chance to fire on him. He ran at Cull firing the staff weapon as he went and rammed it through the creature’s chest.
"Shut up and call an ambulance, get the first aider up here!" the first lab tech snapped, securing the spider and then returned to Peter's side, "Just stay where you are Son, everything is going to be fine."
He went straight to his office when he got home, and took a spare mobile from his safe, sure enough there was a voice mail alert on the phone. This was just a pay as you go mobile, cheap and untraceable. Norman couldn’t exactly have Curien calling his main phone.
By the time Steve was ready to go Peter was waiting for him at the lift, “Do you think this will help?” He asked Steve bouncing on the balls of his feet.
“We don’t have a choice.” Natasha coldly said. “We have to think of ourselves. Steve was right. We will be charged with obstruction of justice, failure to report a crime, and quite possibly aiding and abetting. We could get twenty years for this!”
Tony supposed that accusing a seriously pissed off and genocidal demi God of impotence was asking for trouble, but really, did Loki have to throw him out of a window?
Tony had Jarvis investigating, Natasha was also investigating, calling in old contacts as was Clint, but it was going to take time dig up enough dirt on the pair to bring them down.
With an ear splitting cry Tony did just that, crushing Steve’s fingers as he did so and feeling something moving out of him, he could hear Steve encouraging him, hear Bruce telling him to breathe and wait for the contraction, hear May telling him it was nearly over, but it was all meaningless to Tony, all he could think of was the pain which was building up again and the overwhelming desire to push had him bearing down and feeling that pressure finally leave him.
“I’m great.” Tony said determinedly ignoring the ache in his back and his shoulders.
“May I be of assistance?”
Tony smiled and greeted both Zach and Peter with hugs and kisses, but his smile didn’t reach his eyes, his face looked wooden, his expression forced and hollow, the emotion behind it didn’t match. His voice was too high pitch, too strained, his laughter sounded more like sobbing, his grins more like grimaces.
“What the hell have you done now Stark?” Natasha demanded, “Haven’t you caused enough problems, lately?”
Once there they went straight to the train station where Wanda convinced the rail worker to give them first class tickets to Bratislava for free.
Flat on his back Steve coughed and spat dust from his mouth, he rolled back onto his feet seeing Clint and Natasha in the same state.
Steve’s cheeks flushed, “You are incorrigible.”
“No, it might still happen for us.” Steve said, “We can still hope for the best and let nature take it’s cause.” He grinned offering a little humour, “We can at least forgo condoms during your heats.”
In the weeks following Zebediah Killgrave’s attack on Tony, enslaving his mind and forcing him to conquer the entire world, Tony had been a shell of himself, terrified that he was going to turn into a super-villain, become the evil dictator that Killgrave had made him into. He had thrown himself into work for SI, into his duties as Iron Man, locking himself in his lab when he wasn’t fighting with the Avengers, completely neglecting himself to the point that his health had began to suffer.
“Zach!” Tony yelled in horror, struggling to his feet, this was his worst nightmare, his Son on a battle field.
“Well, if it’s alright with your Mamma,” Steve said glancing up at Tony who nodded his consent, “Then I yes, I would love to be your Daddy.”
So much for the Avengers being seen as responsible adults instead overgrown and possible mentally challenged children.
“None that was found.” The paramedic said, “The police have been alerted and officers should be present soon.”
It wasn’t fair. Both had lost so much already and now they were being forced to run again. Natasha had never known any home but Shield and the Avengers, and Wanda had lost her family because of Stark only to lose her home again because of him.
While no one really felt like sleeping they didn’t argue with her. Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Bruce, and Sam headed for the nearest hotel, Pepper had booked several suites for them to use while they were in Prague, Natasha and Clint opted to camp out in the jet, they could sleep on the bunks in there and keep an eye on the hospital even though the iron legion was stationed on the rooftop.
“You’re in fine shape.” Steve said, “Although, if you ever want to come running with me…”
“Which one of them do you think is the most nervous?” Bruce asked,
You won’t be alone though, even when I’m gone, I promise you’ll never be alone. Auntie Pepper, Uncle Rhodey, and Uncle Happy will take care of you. They’ll do the things I won’t get the chance to, and I’m sure they’ll tell you all about me, although a lot of it won’t be true. Don’t listen to your Uncle Rhodey when he tells you about the exploding bubblegum machine in M.I.T. He exaggerates everything, and I only lost part of my hair, not all of it.
“More afraid of having something else stabbed in my neck.” They held each-other’s gaze for a long moments before Natasha nodded,
Steve shook his head and shrugged helplessly, “Yeah,” Tony sighed patting him on the shoulder with his good hand, “We should find a way to contact Fury, give him the heads up, if the Winter Soldier is on the loose then Hydra has to be on to us.”
"Well handled." Bruce murmured to Natasha approvingly.
“I cannot Sir.” Vision apologized, “You see, I remember JARVIS in my memory, I remember his and your interactions. So, I know, that if you do this, then you will destroy yourself, and I cannot allow that to happen.”
“No Sir, you do not have a fever. A mild stomach bug is most likely.” Jarvis replied.
Putting their masks back on Tony and Steve headed out of the room and to the lift passing the police officer on the way, the man look dazed and had lipstick smears on his face as he went by them.
Digging his nails into Steve’s back Tony closed his eyes and clenched his muscles as he felt his orgasm approaching, feeling that Steve was still a little way behind him, he forced himself to hold on, making his body resist until Steve was on the cusp, then he sank fully down onto Steve’s cock, and let his body become flooded with pleasure as Steve came hard inside him.
Pierce scowled and looked to the blurred faces of the W.S.C personnel on his laptop screen, their identities hidden even while in conference with their own.
“We told him no but he doesn’t listen.” Bruce offered trying to appear innocent in the insanity, as if he didn’t have a tablet and hadn’t been calculating the best angles for the bots to aim their arms.
“Thanks Jay, that’s real reassuring.” Tony drawled, “I just love knowing that my children, mechanical or biological are likely to be the cause of my death.”
Before Tony even knew it was happening, Steve had him in a bridal hold and was carrying him back to the bed, laying him down and kiss him down into the pillows. “Now, where were we?” He asked, making Tony laugh and gasp as Steve began to kiss his way down his chest and belly, heading for his cock, which he swallowed with a practised ease.
“You don’t have to.” Steve said, “You’ve done so much for me, giving me home, a place to live and feel comfortable, a family again.” He blushed a little, “I mean I know its your family, but, it, I mean.”
“Woman, you are a danger to those of us with heart conditions.” Tony complained, Natasha smirked at him. She looked alright except for some bruising at her temple and a cut across her eyebrow. She glanced at the security cameras and ducked her head,
“So, you’ve got a date with the Black Widow.” Tony said giving Steve a grin.
Over head the building shook and the sound of explosions could be heard as the base came under attack.
“And we need more information.” Tony said, “We need to keep those hellicarriers from ever becoming airborn and we need to expose Hydra.”
“If you promise to do the first dozen nappies then sure, Rogers-Stark is a go.”
Steve mentally groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose, “Tell me that at least didn’t end up on the internet.” To his dismay Rhodey handed over his phone, a Youtube video of the idiocy uploaded with two-hundred-thousand views having already taken place.
Well no, okay, not a complete shit show, Tony’s program worked, Natasha, Fury, and Maria were all able to infiltrate the HQ using Veils which disguised them from Hydra and everyone else, Sharon didn’t have to hide her identity, neither did Agent Bobby Morse or the other operatives Fury had on base and they carefully switched off the security cameras to the hellicarriers giving Tony and Sam the opportunity to fly themselves and Steve past the guards and into the ships.
“Healthy.” The Doctor said, “We didn’t know you were pregnant until we had you in medical, and considering your relationship with Captain America, well, it was imperative that the child reach term, so I placed you into a sleep state for the duration of the pregnancy. It has progressed without complication, the foetus is perfect, the serum hasn’t had any adverse affects but the foetus will probably have the abilities of a super soldier as it develops.”
He ended up walking for two miles before he found an open garage, there was a couch inside, patched and worn much like the dilapidated thing he kept in his workshop, he immediately took refuge upon it, sitting the suit besides himself and left his body rest for several minutes.
He sat back in the plastic chair and watched the detective’s expression. It wouldn’t be legal, not in the least but considering what Curien had done it was the least that the police could offer Tony.
As Tony watched, Jarvis created a physical representation of the proposed harness. It would fit rather like a corset or the breast plate of a suit of armour, but be far less restrictive.
“You think he’ll cause trouble?” Natasha asked, startling him a little, as she came up behind him, “This version of you?”
For a moment Maya’s eyes met with Tony’s. She silently apologised, silently begged for forgiveness as she bled out, her body falling to the ground as Killian holstered his gun. “So, you’ve got a choice, Tony.” He said pleasantly, as if he hadn’t just committed cold blooded murder, “You can either watch your precious brat die in agony, and then face a similar death yourself. Or, you can choose to use your much talked about brain and solve the final problems with extremis.”
“You have a daughter?”
“Trying Mary Jane?” Mrs Watson snapped, “How could you do this, put Peter in such danger?”
*****
“Its politics.” Tony corrected, “Its double talk, back stabbing, and bullshit. Its also what we’re going to be dealing with as Avengers.”
“What?”
At the mention of JARVIS, his beloved AI, Tony crumpled. The fight going out of him. He sagged in Vision’s arms, panting and in pain.
“Let’s go and get breakfast then decide what we’ll do.” Tony said, taking Lily from Steve’s arms, “Do you want banana for breakfast Lily-bee? Can you say Banana?”
Christmas was now fast approaching and the tower was a flurry of activity with members of the team bringing in gifts which they hurriedly took to their rooms to hide away until Christmas day.
“Who was goading you into a fight and would have been coming for you anyway.” Steve said, he took Tony’s shoulders and made the Omega face him. “Okay maybe grounding him for jumping was a little harsh but you were frightened for his safety and reacted as any parent would. He does need to learn respect for his abilities and scolding him for showing off will help him do so. He also shouldn’t have spoken to you the way he did, so even if he hadn’t been grounded before I would ground him for that. Teenager or not, recent mutation or not, there is a line and he crossed it.”
Zach gave a squeal of delight and wrapped his arms about Steve as tight as he could, “Love you Daddy.”
“Is that a fact or a promise?” Tony flirted, having to pinch himself for the fact that he was flirting with Captain America who was not only flirting back with him, had been the one to initiate the flirtation to begin with! He inhaled sharply as Steve leaned closer to him, their shoulders brushing together and dark blue eyes locked onto him and seemingly pinned him into his place.
“No, and yes that’s pretty much definite.” Steve replied, he ran a hand through his hair and looked back to Peter. “I wish he’d wake up. But when he does, I’m not sure I know what to say to him.”
As they came to the last peak Zach was starting to tire so Steve gave his backpack to Tony to carry while he took Zach on his shoulders, the little boy hardly weighed a thing to Steve and he sat still, didn’t kick his legs or squirm about, just became a warm weight over Steve’s shoulders and against the back of his head.
“Oh baby, double D-cup,” Wade drawled, “You are perfectly welcome to cum and join in.”
“They did, and thank you for fielding the media.” Tony said.
“Uh huh.” Tony pulled up an image of Loki shape shifted into Steve by the lift in Stark tower and put it up onto another holograph, he then pulled up an image of Steve himself, and finally a single image of the Steve exiting the lift in the tower with the Sceptre.
The factory. Damnit, Curien had been making such progress there. Obviously he’d hit the self destruct and that should have destroyed everything in the labs, leaving nothing but ash.
Peter was snuggled up against Tony, his head buried into the crook of Tony’s neck and one of his arms flung up and over Tony’s head!
“Lemme clear you guys a path inside.” Rhodey called to Steve and Natasha, bringing War Machine down and fired off a missile which blasted a huge hole in the side of the building, creating a door for them to get inside.
“We need to debrief.” Natasha said when Tony and Bruce joined the others back up in the Penthouse. “We should head back to Shield.”
“Enjoying yourself?” Tony asked Steve, as the Super soldier relaxed a little more.
Gulping Steve nodded, nearly tripping over Kovarian’s body as they went back down the corridor as he couldn’t take his eyes off his daughter.
“All of your scans have been clear of any growths.” Bruce assured him, “You may develop some of the attributes of a spider, but not the eight limbs.”
“The Plaza,” Clint replied, “Why..” his eyes widened when Rogers turned, going back to the lift, “Hey, Cap, I really don’t think that you should… Interrupt them tonight,” he finished, as the doors closed while he was speaking, “God fucking damn it!” Lily giggled from the floor and Clint shot her a pained look,
“Go.” Steve ordered, as Lily gave a cry of distress obviously sensing the tension in the air and expressing her upset the only way that she could.
******
“Its just been a while.” Tony said, trying to get his body to relax. A while actually meant years since he had been with another man.
Peter had been taken to the nearest hospital capable to cope with his condition. With his airways closed, body temperature sky rocketing, and his body going into shock he was immediately taken from the Accident and Emergency department and transferred to ICU. One of the teachers who had been accompanying the children on the Oscorp visit travelled with Peter to the hospital and met with Steve and Tony as they arrived at reception.
“No, but she could have cared for you better than she did, even if she did not stand up to Howard. Please do not beat yourself up or think badly of yourself simply because you do not grieve as harshly as Thor.”
38 years ago
“I’m well old enough to be your Father, Peter, and yes I do mean it, and if I wasn’t almost completely naked I’d hug you, but as I am I’ll keep a discreet distance.”
"He'll be alright, Tony." Steve said squeezing Tony's hand, "He's a fighter, he's strong, just like Zach."
*****
“Now you stop this, kid, or I’ll break both of your arms, understand me?” He snarled at the boy.
“So are you saying he should have lied to the general public about his alter ego?”
“Umm, I’m not sure.” Peter felt his cheeks flushing as they always did when it came to speaking about Tony’s finances or something on that subject. Since being adopted by the billionaire Peter had learned that people generally had one of two ideas of what his situation was like.
“I’ll remember that.” Steve said giving Tony once last kiss before straightening up, “We should probably go and see our host or he’ll wonder what’s happened to us.”
An image came up of a news paper headline Howard and Maria Stark Die in Car Crash. Tony inhaled sharply a hand going to his mouth.
“We have to be super to deal with you two monsters.” Tony snarked back at him, “What about Senator Assclown as he made any comments yet, what about Thunderbutt?”
“One week.” Steve said, “This is for what you said to Tony.”
Espresso chose that moment to leap up on the back of the sofa and chirrup loudly at Sam to get his attention.
“He is homophobic.” Steve said, “He needs to grow up and get over it. Its not catching, and there is nothing to fear from us gays is there?”
“Don’t make me hurt you.” Natasha warned him.
“Suck up.” Tony hissed.
“RTA, struck by a car on the right side of the body, trauma to the lower right limbs, recent trauma to the upper left limb, head trauma, and gun shot wound to the abdomen.” One of the paramedics reported. “Unconscious at the scene, has received ten ccs of morphine, BP 90/40 and dropping, pulse is rapid and thready.”
That did seem likely, but Steve had no more reason to trust Stark than he did Fury, besides, Shield had been good to him so far, Stark had been nothing but contemptuous, although, that seemed to be his default so Steve wasn’t taking it personally. He was being nice to Banner though, pointy things aside.
Tony grinned toothily, “Definitely ass clown. See you around Fury, try not to start any wars or overthrow any democracies.” He slipped his sunglasses on and made his way to his car very much looking forward to having Senator Ass Clown eat his words and swallow his pride as he honoured himself and Rhodey.
“Or he, she, or they, were in league with A.I.M. Knew when the attack was to take place and when the security systems would be down so they could go into the lab and get the sceptre.” Natasha said, tapping her fingernails on a workbench, glancing at Butterfingers who beeped besides her curiously, looking rather like a curious cat lifting itself onto its back legs, neck craned, and nose sniffing furiously at the air.
“Or you’ll what, ass kisser?” MJ goaded, getting to her feet and shoving at Harry, “What are you gonna do, Daddy’s boy?”
“Hey now, come on!” Trevor protested, just as a couple of A.I.M’s goons showed up. As fast as their reflexes were, neither Clint or Natasha were fast enough to stop the tranq darts before they were embedded in their necks and neither was Tony. All three fell to the ground while Trevor happily drank his beer.
The cat ignored him and went and shoved his head in the maple syrup jug sniffing the contents and gave it a disgusted look.
Be relaxed and reassuring. He told himself, if you are on edge, you will put Peter on edge. Don’t make this seem like this is a big deal or that you are coming to speak to him for anything out of the ordinary, let him think that this is just his Dad coming into his room for a chat.
“No!” Wanda cried, as Vision lay his hands on her, and his head against hers, drawing the power out of her body and back into the stone.
“Certainly Sir, I shall schedule the Captain with a similar appointment for a sperm count.”
Tony turned looking blinding through the smoke and dust until his eyes came upon Zach, the burned charred remains of his baby boy.
“Any news from the Mandarin?” Clint asked, “I assume that he/she/they are the kidnappers?”
“He’s very, very old.” Tony said, “He’s magical you see, he doesn’t age like we do.”
“I know, right?” Tony said making his way over to the damaged armour and began to force open the chassis and looked over the wiring, “Damn this is going to take some fixing.” He sighed, “What tools do you have here?” He asked Sam.
“I’m fine.” Tony said wincing for his swelling cheek, with Steve’s support he got to his feet and smiled at Peter, “Thank you, for defending my honour.”
“I don’t think white is your colour, Stark.” He said,
“Asshole!” Tony shot back,
Steve was shaking, trying to keep from breaking down with the weight of all this new information, “Where is he? Did he come home? Why doesn’t Shield know about him?” He looked to Tony for the answers which Tony wished he could give, but he just didn’t know.
“Do you want it because you want me or because you want to prove something to yourself or to us both?”
“Ooohhh Dopinder, my fluffy teddy bear, snugglebunny!” Deadpool exclaimed, actually bouncing on the balls of feet and clapping, “Hey, send him right on up, miss In the Ceiling Voice thing.” He looked to Tony, “That is so cool, by the way, that you have a voice in your ceiling. Is that like a Billionaire thing? Do all Billionaires get this when they reach Billion in the bank?” He paused and the mask on his face seemed to frown, “You don’t have a vertically challenged person up there do you? Because that is just wrong. Everybody knows, that little people have rights theses days, Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit was very educational, and really high lighted the plight that those of a smaller stature face.”
“Indeed Ma’am. I was recruited by Erskine. But I never performed on stage. After the serum I completed training and Officers training. I was sent to the front as Lieutenant Rogers, earning the rank of Captain, when I rescued several prisoners of war and brought back information on the Red Skull’s plans. At that point a special unit of highly skilled soldiers was formed, to be lead by myself, under the command of General Philips with the task of fighting Hydra.”
“I can’t believe I got to play with Crappy Cap shiny dustbin lid!” Deadpool crowed as he bounced into the hotel room, “I am so jacking off to the memories of that tonight!” he threw himself full length onto the sofa with limbs sprawling every which way and grinning broadly beneath his mask.
*****
“What does our Steve Rogers think of his new Big Brother?” a reporter from the bugle asked,
Ned had been impressed and had enthusiastically told Peter so, where MJ played it cool, refusing to show so much enthusiasm.
Treatment, fertility treatment. Tony was on fertility treatment? Why, why, why?
“Yeah, okay, that sounds good.” He said and pulled Tony into his lap, “What about a theme, are we having a theme?”
“I don’t have any glad rags,” Steve said, so far the only clothes Tony had bought him were casual, with three modern suits for press conferences and such, but no tuxedos or anything.
The Plaza
*****
“Really Mr Stark you need too…..”
United Legion Threat Response Operation Neutralize (Ultron)
Tony smiled with genuine warmth, “You’re not asking, I’m offering, and you are going to say yes, or I’ll have Hulk carry you princess style through the streets!” he poked Bruce’s side, “Whaddya say, Jolly Green? Wanna carry Princess Steve?”
“Okay.” Steve said, while he would admit Tony walking in the suit would be incredible he didn’t see how it could change the lives of thousands of people.”
“Well met Man of Iron,” Thor greeted, he frowned as Steve joined them, face bloody and one shoulder clear dislocated, “You have aged and grown since last we met Captain.”
“Hmm I love you.” Tony purred snuggling back down in bed.
“Please Sir, No.” FRIDAY pleaded,
“No!” Wanda cried as Tony toppled over, “I hadn’t finished with him!”
“I’ll take your word for it.” Steve said lifting his cup and wrapped both hands about it as if to warm them. “I was dreaming.” He said staring down at the table, “The ice.”
“Want me to push you?” Steve asked,
“What?”
“I guess you know what’s going on then.” Peter said to Tony as Zach clung even tighter to him.
“I hope you don’t mind.” Steve said, “And we were getting hungry watching Doctor Who,” He dropped his voice to a stage whisper, “Did you know that your Son is planning to become a Time Lord?”
“Tony, Tony, what is going on?” Steve asked, trying to slow Tony down as he headed for the landing pad,
Tony tried to shrug it off, made smartass comments about being called The Merchant of Death, but Steve knew him well enough to know that it cut him inside. Knew that it hurt this Tony, as much as it had his Tony.
Peter was a little more subdued about how his school day went. He assured everyone he’d not suffered any bullying, then, after some coaxing admitted to what had been going on with very red cheeks that got even redder as he was teased about being seen as “Cute” by his peers.
Tony shrugged, “It wouldn’t be seen that way. Once a weapon was up there, there would be the risk of someone getting control of it and using it for their own gain, and, we are Americans, born and bred. The weapon would be seen as the property of America even if the president himself said otherwise. I doubt very much that other countries would be happy about us having such a weapon.”
“I’ll get the matches.” Clint said, shuddering at the sight of one poor bastard who hand tentacles erupting from where his arms and feet should have been.
Clint frowned and rubbed his nose, “What about the orange and the purple?”
“War Machine Rox with an X.” Rhodey said with a sigh and who ever he was interrogating/threatening laughed at the password as did Tony.
Harry stumbled slightly and held up a hand, “Don’t touch me.” He warned MJ.
He’d become so happy in Bucharest, so settled that he’d actually thought he was making himself a home, but now it was all falling apart. He’d been walking home from work when he’d spotted her.
“Bitch shut up!” Harry yelled whirling back around to face her, sadly he had his hands up at the time and his fingers caught MJ’s cheek slapping her with enough force to make her yelp.
Tony turned his head so he could look up at Steve, “I’ll work with Jarvis and Bruce, we’ll find the energy signature and stop this.” He shuddered, “I have to stop it, I can’t keep on seeing that.”
“Bottomless pit.”
“Why wouldn’t they be able to be friends?” Zach asked, “Wouldn’t they like each-other anymore?”
“Putting the safety of everyone on this ship at risk is not funny.” Steve paused, “No offence Doctor Banner.”
“Wait!” Steve crossed the small distance and joined Tony taking hold of his good hand, “Squeeze me hand.” He instructed the Omega.
“We will discuss your injuries when you are completely out of the sedation.” The doctor said to Tony, “I have some tests I need to conduct to ensure that you are breathing correctly and are able to swallow first.”
Desperately he tried to find an alternative power source for the arc reactor, but nothing else was compatible.
“Alright D.P, I waited until you had gotten inside the building, just in case you fell and I had to scrape you up off the side walk again like last time, and I remembered to bring the hollow points like you said.”
“So, I came home, to my loving husband of sixteen years, and what do I find? He was the one who set me up, had been double dealing for years, possibly even when Howard was alive. He admitted it to me, told me all of it while he ripped the arc reactor from my chest and left me die. I barely made it down into the lab and got hold of the spare, and then, despite feeling like I had acid burning inside by chest, I went out in the suit and I stopped him from killing Pepper and God knows how many others. He had a suit too you see, one made from the remains of my first, he’d have put them in the hands of terrorists and murderers, cost thousands if not millions of lives, I had to stop him, we fought and in the end there was no choice, it was either me or him, and if he’d lived a lot of other people would have died. So yes, Thor, I did kill my mate and he deserved it.”
“Ugh, that’s going to take some fixing.” He murmured rubbing at his sore throat, he then looked to a shell shocked Steve, “How are you doing?”
“Hmm?”
“Likely so.” Fury agreed, “Alright, Stark, get to work on that program and let us know when Jarvis finds the Falcon Wings,” he looked to Natasha and Steve, “Think the two of you can handle retrieving them?”
“We’ll get you checked out to be certain you are not getting an infection and we’ll get this bed changed and settle you back in.” The Nurse with a kind smile that Tony couldn’t return. He had never felt so humiliated in his life, other people having to clean him like a child, having to put him to bed like a child, he was a grown man, he should be taking care of himself for God sakes!
“I like him too.” Steve said, taking and cookie, it was warm and sweet and good, the chocolate melting on his tongue when he bit into it.
“Got is bossman.”
The boys face lit up and he charged over to the suit, “This is Iron Man, You are Iron Man!”
A hideous two headed serpent thing with what looked to be the start of wings on it’s back and hands on it’s chest hissed at him from another tank and spat some kind of venom against the glass.
Grinning Tony broke away from Steve’s mouth and began to kiss his way down Steve’s throat, nipping the skin lightly with his teeth, while he reached down towards his right thigh and grabbed hold of his pyjama bottom using it to lift the limb and move it.
“Where is she?” Someone else asked,
*****
Tony awoke with bright lights in his eyes and an oxygen mask over his face which he immediately tried to pull away.
*****
If the press were not screaming before, they sure as hell were now. Captain America declaring himself homosexual before the whole world had everyone crying out questions and snapping pictures.
“Who is her Mother?” Natasha asked, looking to Steve, curiously,
He was sorry about having to leave the sceptre behind but he had a great deal of technology from it now and the scientists had all the data recorded from it, they didn’t need the actual sceptre anymore and from experiments done he knew that very few humans could be enhanced from it, after all only the Maximoff’s had survived.
“Then you know that your mother will not be defeated by his injury and will still be your mother as much as he had ever been.” Thor said, “And you and your brother can help him by being strong and supporting him as he recovers. You can do that can’t you little one?”
“Have him get some noise cancelling headphones ready too.” Tony said, glancing in the rear view at Peter pressed against Steve’s stomach, “And do a complete venting of the air in the lab, make sure it's all fresh and there is nothing to add to Peter’s discomfort. Have Bruce use cotton sheets for the bed, I don’t care if they get stained, and his softest pyjamas too.”
