"We won't need a reservation," I said, sitting back in the seat, "and we might as well eat after all that nonsense."
“He’s in holding,” Lestrade said, hurrying after me. I was still in the lead when we came banging into the lobby.
Watson is known here, but so am I, and we are given a wide berth. Watson’s fruitless pulling grows first stronger and then resigned as I drag him through the smoking room, the billiards room, and out into the hall where the grand staircase coils upon itself.
"John Watson," Mrs Hudson echoed, wrapping her fingers around his and smiling up into his face. "Such a treat to meet you! I watched every episode of
Buttoning up the whites made Sherlock's nervousness recede to the back of his mind, where it belonged. To be fair to himself, he had never run his own opening night before, but he had had plenty of first days with which to prepare. He stood in front of the long mirror in his bedroom, contemplating the picture he made. Head Chef. It even said so on the front of his jacket. John had one too, with his name and the designation
Sherlock's place was nice, John thought, picking oregano leaves off the stem to chop. But it was right over the restaurant, and John wasn't about that anymore. If the front room where they'd spoken looked out onto the street, and the flat's kitchen didn't correspond directly with the kitchen downstairs, then that meant a bedroom, presumably Sherlock's, was at the back over the industrial kitchen below. In the event of a fire, it would be the first room to collapse.
thing I wanted. I wanted to die in his arms, mortally wounded by a madman, before I signed a piece of paper stating I didn't want him anymore.
"Thank God," said he, laughing. I let go of his hair and grabbed his buttock instead, feeling the flex of his muscles as he fucked me. He went down on his elbows again, covering me with his body, but rather than hide his face in my shoulder again he put his forehead to mine and watched me as I neared my peak. It served to hasten the process, and soon I was clutching his back and gasping as my cock stiffened in my hand. His breathing got heavy, his own crisis near, and I had to kiss him as mine finally took hold of me. It was a sloppy kiss, little more than a clash of open mouths, especially as the moment I began to spurt he too was wracked with a spasm and we came together in a chaos of writhing, groaning, hedonism.
"Your sister was on the show with you," Sherlock said. "She got as many close-ups as you did, and, I must say, you stood up to the scrutiny better than she did. Alcohol abuse shows in a person's face: burst blood vessels in the nose, puffiness around the eyes. You, John, you take risks with food, not with your surroundings; you're not reckless. Harry Watson is the kind of person who'd forget a hob was on. She did it on camera once."
"Surely you do not propose to shave my private parts fully dressed," I complained, as he moved to kneel on the coverlet.
He got up, changed out of the track bottoms he had indeed left— and intended to leave again— and back into the clothes he'd been wearing the day before. This was becoming a pattern. He went to the toilet, patted down his hair with wet fingers, and steeled himself at the top of the stairs.
In the cab, Holmes fell into a brown study, leaning back in the seat and staring unseeing into the fog that slowed our journey. As we passed through Holborn, he suddenly sat upright and turned to me.
I can’t think of an answer to that, so I kiss him again, gripping the back of his neck. He shoves against me again, and then all at once pulls back to open my trousers. My prick springs out to meet his hand, and then he has both of us in his grip.
His touch gentles as I come down. He has to climb off to find something to clean me up with. I miss the warmth of his body, but I have semen striping my belly and drying on my face so I let him go.
"As your doctor..." I covered his hand on the bed with mine. "I care about your health. Your safety. You scared me last night. You couldn't breathe, Holmes. You can't keep doing that to yourself."
Upon our arrival at the Gordon Square townhouse, I saw that I was quite right about the state of things. The comings and goings of the police were well documented on the front walk, so I did a careful exterior examination of the house with that in mind. I collected a few pieces of information, dictating them to Watson as we went, and then moved indoors.
They dined on leftover parfaits and risotto, hot battered fish and ultrasonic chips, and mango egg shooters. The bar staff came in to join them, and soon the kitchen was noisy again with laughter and self-congratulation. John came over and tucked in beside Sherlock at the prep table, just close enough that Sherlock could feel the warmth of his arm but not so close that they were giving anything away. He hoped. Not that he cared, particularly. It made his stomach jump to think that John was on his side in more ways than one.
I got up from my desk and closed the sitting room door. I was unlikely to be interrupted; a client would ring, and I would hear my landlady on the stair. My cock was heavy between my legs, and I could tell I was blushing: alone in my own sitting home. Ridiculous. I took the book with me to the settee and sank down with my legs apart, pressing my palm to my groin. I was half-hard and quickly growing harder.
When first Holmes and I began our affair, he was exceedingly hesitant to give me full rein of his body. He feared perhaps that I would be shocked  to learn what he hid beneath his carefully tailored suits and affected disinterest. But I did not waste my time at the University of London, and I like to think my degree in medicine was still relevant when it came to him. I recognised what he was, who he was, and the first time we lay together I touched him without hesitation. It took half a year for me to coax an orgasm from his reluctant body, but every attempt was worth the practice. Now he gave himself over to me entirely, gasping and squirming, whispering direction, letting me bring him all the pleasure I could. I worshipped him from top to toe, for his magnificent brain and his given body and his gentle, generous spirit.
“Don’t smirk like that, John Watson,” he chided, but I reached out for his wrist and tugged. He came easily, sinking down beside me. I pressed him back into the cushions and stretched out on top of him, as much as I could in the limited space. His legs cradled my hips, and my belly pressed against the soft bulge of his groin.
I closed my mouth, but by his expression I knew he could tell I didn't believe him. Around us, the fog moved eerily, opening to let light and voices slip through and then closing again before sense could be made of anything.
"We'd better go in," he said. His expression was stoic: his jaw tight and his head held high. I don't know what he expected to find; I certainly didn't know what to expect.
"Now, gentlemen," said he, leading our strange wedding party through the choir to the altar, "may I introduce Gretchen and Eliza? They work for me and are residents of the parish; they will be your witnesses."
When I opened my eyes, he was smiling at me in the mirror. He had a towel draped over his shoulder and there was shaving cream on the left side of his face. His straight razor was held aloft.
It knows how to maneuver the car; with a gentle pull on the steering column it lifts the car into the air, and we leave Baker Street behind in the dark.
. Harry's host mum had been a hell of a cook, and Harry had used her rag-tag chef training to bring some of her authentic recipes to their peak potential–for British palates, at least.
"Watson," I gasped, feeling the tight promise of my peak gathering low in my hips. "I'm– oh, my boy, I'm so very close."
"You do take such good care of me." He laughed again. "What a treat, to have something so simple arise just when I needed it. How ever did you know?"
"Are you ready to go back to New London?" it asks, holding the door of the vehicle open for me. "Lestrade awaits."
We rolled apart so that we were side-by-side on our backs. I realised we would have to clean up before we dried sticky, so I got carefully out of the bed and followed his directions to find a clean towel and his wash basin. We wiped ourselves off and I climbed back in beside him. He rolled at once into my arms, wrapping himself around me and clinging to me with all his limbs.
They plated the soup in artful lines over bruschetta and around pieces of fresh basil from Sherlock's window box, and ate it with forks in the sitting room.
John nodded, if dropping his head and pushing back into Sherlock's thrusts could be counted as nodding. Sherlock whined through his teeth, his fucking growing wild, and then all at once he thrust in hard and groaned, pulled back and plunged in again, and again. John shuddered, tensing all over, his own cock swelling in sympathy. Sherlock said, "Fuck," and John snorted a laugh at his earnestness.
"As you are compressing your chest to the point that your ribcage cannot comfortably expand, you risk injuring your lungs. Pneumonia is very common amongst patients with fractured ribs, as they avoid breathing deeply because of the pain." I looked up into his face. "I suspect smoking doesn't do you any favours. It certainly doesn't make it easier to breathe."
The car floats up beside me, keeping pace with me as I walk, and the machine leans across the seat to peer out the open window at me.
"Definitely the former," John said, as Sherlock pushed off and began to pace in a little loop that took him as far as the first refrigerator and back. "The latter probably not. Anyone will be able to tell it's a grudge piece, not a proper review. Anyway, we'll fill the place with reviewers when we open, and their praise will drown out the voice of one piece of petty nonsense."
Pushing aside his concern, John shouldered through the swinging door and crossed the floor to meet the reviewer. He had seen his photograph before, but couldn't remember his name.
"It's all right," I said. He pressed his lips together hard and shook his head. "It is," I assured him. "You ought to have a bath, too, while you're here. And something to eat."
The following afternoon, the entire staff roster assembled in the dining room, from the wait staff to the porters John had hired— Ted Murry wasn't among them, unfortunately, but John had extended an open invitation to him if he ever wanted a change of scenery—to all of the cooks: Andy Dimmock, Stanley Hopkins, Emma Bradstreet, Toni Gregson, and Jonas Forbes. Also present were Molly Hooper and Toby, as well as Sarah Sawyer and Craig. It was a larger crew than John was used to working with, but already he felt like he was on good terms with everyone. They could do this.
John did the washing up while Sherlock cleared the table of extraneous equipment and laid out a series of unfamiliar powders and additives.
It began with a disclaimer from the narrator that this story was entirely true and not in the slightest bit made up: it had all come from his own experience as a man of the world. It was only natural, he claimed, to be lusty and red-blooded in this fashion, and he only wished to share with a discerning reader what a gentleman of a certain adventurous type might experience.
Holmes was looking very grave. He was in his shirtsleeves and his hair had been disarranged by several hours of running his hands through it as he worked through the problem. The only light came from the lamp at his desk.
Everything stops for a moment, as he reaches the top of the crest: he goes silent, his hips still, every muscle in his body taut. Then my mouth is full of semen and his moan is so loud I can tell he's lifted his head up. I can picture his face. He muffles the next cry as his cock pulses, and his seed spills out the corners of my mouth.
The thermometer was lying next to him on the table, within his own reach. John raised an eyebrow at Mike, but Mike just shrugged, his mouth pursed in a strange half-smirk. The man kept his eyes on the pipette's contents, clearly expecting to be obliged, and after a moment of silence John picked up the thermometer and offered it to him.
Holmes adjusted it until he was satisfied with how it lay, and then lifted his arms once more for my interference. Standing in front of him, I began to snug up the laces on both sides at once, working down from the top. I didn't want it pulling to one side or the other. I was fixated upon my task, fiddling with first one side and then the other, pulling the loops out row by row until the ends of the laces hung long down Holmes's sides. I knew he was watching me, for I could almost feel the weight of his gaze, so I met his eyes to ascertain whether my performance was to his satisfaction.
It meant I had to let go of him, but we separated for the sake of nakedness, and in a moment our nightshirts were cast aside and I was pressed alongside the long, warm length of his body, my cock poking hard into his hip. This time when I took his prick in my hand, it was fully erect and dewy at the tip with moisture.
“I need your help. There are too many variables right now and I can’t stop thinking on them, but I need to rest before I get any more information.”
John interviewed three pastry chefs before he found one that he remotely liked, but she wasn't really what he was looking for. Molly Hooper had a Confectionary Diploma in Chocolate, Sugar, and Pastillage, and she wore a truly horrible cat sweater to the interview.
"I've seen Sherlock in all weathers," Jim said. "At his lows, and at his highs." He was smiling still, but only with the lower half of his face. His eyes were cold. "I'm just so impressed to see you finally so successful, Sherlock. So…
"So, we said our vows," I prompted. I felt the ring on my finger with my thumb. It still felt right to have it there. "And then what happened?"
“I’m afraid so. The cottage was demolished in 1958 to make room for a larger house, and that one was torn down in 2065.” The machine looks calmly out at the enormous house. “There was an outcry over the more recent destruction from the civic society. The local newspaper has three articles in the archive regarding the protests. Would you like me to read them to you?”
Watson's lower lip was caught between his teeth and a flush had risen high in his cheeks. He put the scissors aside and gathered the cut hair into the palm of his hand to discard.
"Damn you, Holmes," he said, and pulled me closer. I put my hands on his face, careful of his blackened eye. Which of us leaned forward first I couldn't say, but his lips against mine were soft and dry, and his moustache tickled the corner of my mouth. I pulled back a fraction to look into his eyes, and then kissed him again. His grip on my arms changed; he released my forearms and held my upper arms instead, which allowed me to slide my arms around his neck. He embraced me, his hands on my back. His tongue touched mine. I kissed him more deeply; he winced and I tasted blood.
"Sherlock, we talked about the prix fixe," John said, nudging Sherlock with his elbow. He met Sherlock's solid side with some surprise, feeling the warmth of his body through both their shirts and jackets.
"He's obsessed with that spherification thing," she said, grinning. "He wants melon liqueur caviar in pomegranate, with a melon garnish. Ice spheres with a screwdriver inside. I love a good ice sphere. He also wants to do some nonsense with lighting absinthe on fire, but we haven't actually confirmed that one yet. I've done some silly stuff in the past, for parties and such, but nothing as focused as this."
"You were dreaming about the fire," Sherlock said. His violin was sitting on the table, half-placed in its case, like it had been abandoned there in a hurry.
The soap came away in wide stripes, and the black hair with it. Between strokes, he wiped the blade clean on the towel that was draped over his shoulder. My cock was now stiff and eager in his hand, but his touch was so careful as to be almost impersonal. Not that there was anything impersonal about having your lover kneeling between your naked thighs with his hands on your jewels. I was beginning to leak. I reached down to touch whatever I could of Watson, and found the caps of his knees beneath my thighs.
It nods once and pushes to its feet. I close my eyes and listen to it stride away across the grass. I’m being dramatic but I couldn’t care less.
The rest of the ride back to Baker Street was done in silence. Holmes and I alternately stared at one another and looked away, unable to maintain eye-contact but unable to resist seeking each other out. The cab coming to a halt outside our dwelling was a boon, and I jumped out first. Holmes ignored my outstretched hand and stepped onto the pavement, tossing a coin up at the driver.
He clambers out from under me and hurries across the room, bare arse pale in the moonlit room. He rifles for a moment, during which time I stretch out my limbs and shift my position. When he returns, he pauses at the sight of me on my back, halfway down the bed, knees bent and blankets pushed down to the foot. He narrows his eyes rather than ask what I'm about.
He'd be begging for a second finger now, and in a way he is: humming and moaning into the pillow he has stuffed between his teeth and rocking his hips back onto my hand. I pull my finger out to introduce its neighbor and he shudders from head to toe.
His breathing was growing heavy, his kisses uncoordinated, but he wasn’t going to let himself come off in his trousers, and anyway I couldn’t wait for him. I was gasping, groaning his name, and then all at once my climax reached its peak. I spilled on my belly, dirtying my nightshirt and almost bucking Watson off in the frenzy of my orgasm.
"The agar works like gelatine," Sherlock said, "but more quickly, and it's less horrible. You'll like this, I know you will."
Yes, I wanted to secure my future with him: my only close friend, my dearest companion. I wanted to be linked to him forever, not only in my literature but with a legal standing. I wanted to be sure he wouldn't leave me again.
Sherlock's grin widened until he was positively shark-like. "When you handed me the thermometer yesterday, your arm moved stiffly, as if it were sore. I knew who you were, of course; I always keep an eye on the rising stars of the profession, just in case. I knew about the fire, and I noticed the strategic voice-over you provided for the last episode of the show. You're not in the shot because during post-production you were still in hospital; the sound editor didn’t get all of the ambient noise out, and the sound of a heart monitor is very distinctive. Your restaurant was in Soho, and Portland Street and UCL are both within hailing distance for an ambulance."
Then Watson and I examined the study. I was deep in thought, and so I muttered observations aloud without checking to see that he was behind me taking notes. I was inspecting a ragged sliver of cloth caught in a splinter on the window sill when he leaned in and murmured, "Have you solved it?"
"God damn it, Watson!" I stood up and put the bowl aside. "I asked you to come home with me last night, not for my sake but for yours."
fine. He looked around the flat, as if for evidence of the night before. There wasn't any, except for his coat still hanging up behind the door.
I clambered out, dripping, and my feet squished in the carpet. I wrapped myself in a bathing sheet and offered him the other one. He leaned heavily on me as he climbed out. There were a few hand towels in the pile we'd been provided; these I threw to the floor in an attempt to soak up some of the overflow.
“We’ll need your statement tomorrow, then,” Lestrade said. “I’ll send a constable 'round to take it down.”
Sherlock put his empty glass down and was silent for a long time, staring at it. Eventually he said, "I stopped using three years ago. I went— I was in rehab for six months."
"Good," Mycroft said. "Anyway, I've just come to let you know that Mummy and Daddy are very keen on being invited for your soft open."
Sherlock glared. “And you, Miss Hooper,” he said, turning instead on Molly. John caught his arm before he could really get going.
“Pity,” I reply, and start away from the car. The way to the sea is muscle memory, and my feet carry me there almost without my input. But the shoreline has changed, and soon a gate stands in my way. The cliff has fallen away, and the path is long gone.
The worst of it was that I myself had been tempted by the soldiers that peddled themselves in Hyde Park. I had never taken any of them up on their offers, but that was out of shyness rather than distaste. I had always known myself to be an invert, but acting on the inversion was something I had never quite managed. It was messy, and dangerous, and I believed myself above all physical compulsion. Better to stay innocent, in every sense of the word, than risk my reputation or my self-control for a little gratification.
He ducks his head and worries the skin of my throat with his lips and teeth. I find a grip in his hair and hold him there, clinging to him as the orgasm builds. I look down the length of my body, and the sight of my prick encircled by his silver hand does me in. I tense all over and he says, "Yes," against my neck, "yes, that's it."
There were no hanged men, no pools of blood, no mysterious writing on the walls or cultish paraphernalia littering the floor. Instead, a giant table was set up in the middle of the bare room under a hand-painted banner that read
The new facilities of Le Cordon Bleu were situated on Bloomsbury Square, just around the corner from the British Museum, its white stone facade and glass doors a clean and unassuming front for the frenetic cooking madness John knew lay within. John followed Mike up the stairs and through the gleaming halls, half listening as Mike described the drama caused by the move. They passed classrooms full of pastry chefs in technical lectures, and state of the art kitchens filled with young hopefuls slaving over hot practicals. Sense-memories were rushing back to John of the hours spent in these halls—well, not
"As soon as your prix fixes were done!" John said. "But you're taking your sweet time on those, aren't you?"
"Well," Sherlock said, "yes." Nevertheless, John's praise seemed to light him up. "Do you want to make one?"
I fold myself into the seat and close the door behind me. My breath steams out on my exhale and the glass windows begin to fog. The handholds that I watched Lestrade steer with are chilly under my hands, but they too respond to my touch. A low rumble starts up somewhere inside the body of the vehicle, and the interior light goes out. It is replaced by a luminescent panel of dials and switches that would not be out of place in a mad scientist's laboratory. I don't know where to begin. I always left the driving to Watson and his little Ford. My heart is pounding. I'm useless. Everything I have learned, everything I have ever known, is useless in this place.
"I didn't expect you had," John said. He went to stand by the table and crossed his arms. "But unless I discovered you'd been laundering that money or running some kind of murder-for-hire racket on the side, I figured it wasn't my business."
John kissed him, soft and shallow at first, his sweet, quick mouth opening Sherlock's up, and then once he had Sherlock where he wanted him the kiss turned deep and dirty. Sherlock's knees trembled. He had to hold onto John's arms. John pulled Sherlock to him by his bum, trapping Sherlock's erection between them. He broke the kiss again before Sherlock was ready, but this time he nudged Sherlock's chin up with the point of his nose and began kissing the underside of Sherlock's jaw.
Sherlock had stirred by the time he returned, rolling over into the space John had vacated and turning himself into a burrito inside the duvet. He wasn't exactly snoring, but John could tell by the quality of his exhale that he was deeply asleep. Only the top of his head was really visible, his disorganised mass of curls, and it made John's stomach flip over. He'd seen Sherlock in a lot of ways now, a lot of moods and states, but never quite so vulnerable. He belted the dressing gown and went to make a cup of coffee.
Ah, that put a few things in place. Sherlock had been very free with the cheques he wrote, assuring John he had nothing to worry about and to please, in fact, stop bothering him, but he’d been cagey about the source. John had never suspected it was coming from somewhere illegal or inappropriate, and he had begun to think Sherlock hadn’t even heard the word ‘credit’ before in his life, but now Sherlock’s reticence fit the pattern.
“I believe Dr Watson told your constable that Mr Gregory was a thief,” I drawled. “I assume Mr Gregory was also arrested and searched?”
Sherlock glared at him. Then abruptly he turned his attention on the cooks, who were listening intently to the conversation while trying to appear uninterested. "Are any of you
"Including a delusion about breakfast service. No, those arseholes can wait until lunch. We're not a diner."
Instead of letting me up, he swung his leg over my hips and sat, trapping my hand, still wrapped half around my cock, against my body, immobile. I wriggled my hand out and pulled my arms free of the blankets so that I could wrap them around his shoulders instead.
Instead he squeezed my fingers and then embraced me, his wiry arms wrapped around my shoulders. He said, "Thank you," into my ear, and let go. I blinked at him, confused.
The six miles into town used to take most of an hour in Watson's car. Walking took three hours because of the hills, but already I can tell this journey will be shorter. The wild, windswept, grassy Downs that I knew have been consumed by urban development, and I'm walking on paved paths in residential neighborhoods. Where has nature been relegated to? Is there any left? I'm almost surprised they haven't colonised the ocean. Maybe someone has.
The constable looked thrilled to hear that I was capable of mistakes, or perhaps of recognising my own humanity, and nodded with vigour. "Quite so, Mr Holmes," he said. "In these situations, we must all stay humble."
My head hurt too much to really celebrate my own achievement, so I turned over again onto my stomach and went back to sleep.
Stanley busied himself with the agar plates and flexible tubes, prepping for Track 1. "No, Chef," he said. Sherlock could tell he was trying to hide his smile. Bloody hell.
"Of course we can! He hasn't even tasted anything we're going to serve. No one who comes in here will be able to deny what they're eating is fantastic. I don't care what they say about the decor or the lighting or the service; the food will be impeccable, and that's what we'll bank on."
"I thought it was just great, Harry," Frances said, entirely out of turn. "John, the lamb was so tender and juicy, and the pistachios gave a nice crunch."
When John had shown her to the restaurant door, telling her they'd give her a call, Sherlock stuck his head into the dining room and said, "I want her."
D'Arcy seemed to sense a certain coolness of my regard, for he stepped back and said, "Well, at any rate, gentlemen, I wanted to give you my thanks again on behalf of the village. I don't think we'd have brought you in if not for Lady Duncan–"
"What on earth?" I wondered aloud. I felt bereft. He hadn't really finished his story: the end had fallen apart and I still wondered what the kiss after the ceremony had been like. He had't told me where he'd gotten the rings from, nor why he'd been carrying them,
I should have expected, of course, that such sensitivity while naked would translate to a similar sensitivity while dressed. All day I could feel the texture of my drawers against my skin; my nerves were electrified. It was a boon that my last case was so recently completed, otherwise I doubted I'd be able to focus. I had worked through injury or illness before, but the temptation to
"I'm still working on the consistency," he said, turning away to pluck a huge coat off a hook and hang it over his arm. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I've left my emulsifier in the walk-in."
“Enough.” John gave Sherlock a shake. “Your friend gave me a list for you, so why don’t you start at the top with the sparklings and I’ll come join you in a minute?”
I hauled myself to my feet, cursing him and my uncooperative leg. Beyond, I heard Holmes yell, "Stop right there!" and another voice reply with an indistinct shout. As I rounded the barrels into the light, Holmes cried, "Watson, quick!" and took off running, vanishing almost at once into the fog.
He slowed even further, adding a little jolt to the end of each thrust in that made me whine. I wrapped my arm under his and over his shoulder to get a grip on his hair. He swore, his head going back, and he began to speed up again.
I spluttered at his frankness, but he wasn’t wrong. The Colonel was well known in certain circles for his exclusive and lavish parties, most of which ended in an elaborate trade of partners. I’d confirmed before we arrived that this week was not one when he’d intended to host such a party.
"So this is him," she sneered. "Bloody brilliant Sherlock Holmes, sweeping in with an offer of a new fucking restaurant just when things are seeming a bit dull. Do you know what he's like, John?"
He disappeared, and I pushed my plate away from me. "By Jove, they must really love the Duncans," I said. "Isn't that refreshing?"
John thought. Aloud, he said, “Yeah, well, someone’s got to keep him on track. Can’t come home with sixteen cases of Brut on a whim.” Greg laughed, and Molly allowed a smile. “Care to come along?” John asked them both. “I think we could get good and knackered on sips alone.”
After supper on the last day of the year, Sherlock Holmes and I left our cozy sanctuary of Baker Street and the crackling fireplace for a long ramble through Regent's park, arm in arm. I relished the warmth of his body next to mine as we reminisced about the past year, and clasped his hand in mine around my elbow. We had worked on a great number of cases that year, and thinking back on our successes and the people we had helped brought a warm glow to my heart even as the winter air chilled my nose and my toes in my boots.
He let go of my hair for a moment to grab my hand and guide it beneath his nightshirt. I pushed it up as far as it would go, though the fabric was trapped beneath his arse, and rubbed my palm roughly up the plane of his ribs. My fingers found his nipple and pinched hard; he bit back a cry, his back bowing. I fondled him and rolled him between my fingers as I sucked, trying to coordinate the sensations. My other hand moved easily up and down his shaft, meeting my lips on every stroke. His breathing was harsh, and if I looked up I knew I would meet his gaze. He always watched until he was on the verge, and only as his orgasm swept through him would he allow his eyes to close.
It didn't take long, I am not entirely ashamed to say. Every touch was heightened tenfold, and Watson touched me with such reverence. His warm palm cradling my bollocks made me groan, and the brush of his fingers at the sensitive base of my cock as he pulled me off into the heat of his mouth was heaven.
I reach my glory, spurting over his hand with a helpless groan. He follows me in an instant, his spending hot on my skin, and I swear it causes another spasm in me.
"He's not mental, he's— I don't know what he is, but he's really quite decent, and it's none of your business, actually, anymore."
He was almost out the door before he turned suddenly and looked at John again, his piercing storm-cloud eyes making John's breath stutter in his chest. "The name's Sherlock Holmes," he said, "and the address is number Two Hundred and Twenty-One, Baker Street." With an afterthought of a nod to Mike, he concluded, "Afternoon," and vanished.
"Damn your arm," Sherlock said, loudly enough that Gregson looked up in surprise. "I don't have time for your excuses, John; I need you in my kitchen, and I need you now. You know the recipes. You know the techniques. Everything is in place."
I kiss his tip, finding a grip on his prick as I settle between his legs. I'm curled up at the bottom of the bed, hunched over myself, one elbow braced on the bed my his hip. It's not comfortable, but it's worth it for the high-pitched whine that escapes Holmes when I run my tongue around his glans.
, I thought to myself. None of it wasted, of course, for who else would I bother to fall in love with but this man? It wasn't as if waiting on him was keeping me from anyone else.
"That's what I thought," said he. "Doctor Watson would certainly have forgiven you for being such a fool, you know."
John yelped and yanked Sherlock back by his hair. Sherlock gasped, pushing his cock against John's hip.
"John," he groaned, sagging back, and soothed my abused scalp with gentle fingers. I pulled back carefully, swallowed, and wiped my mouth on my sleeve. It was his dressing gown I was wearing, anyway. He cradled my face and bent to kiss me, deep and reverent. He loves the taste of himself in my mouth. I moaned, cupping his ribs, squeezing his thigh.
There were tables around the perimeter of the room, filled with bottles of wine for tasting, and spittoons in the middle for dispensing with that wine once it had been tasted. An elderly man with white whiskers was spitting into one at that moment, and John vowed to swallow every mouthful of wine he tasted tonight, despite the number of bottles on display.
A late night does not intimidate me. Holmes and I are often obliged to work late into the evening, sometimes past midnight, and the work is what we live for. It is the combination of a late night and the threat of an early morning that makes me uneasy. Too many of those in a row and my usefulness to Holmes decreases. I am no longer quick on the draw, and my marksmanship wavers. My powers of observation, already inferior to his, are diminished. My mood declines significantly.
Behind Sherlock, there was a little ripple of amusement from Hopkins, Gregson, and Molly. Sherlock controlled the impulse to bark at them and nodded once.
The moment I felt his hips dip as he spread his legs, the subtlest shift of his weight, I tightened one arm around his narrow waist and held him in place while I opened his trousers. I was still laid along his back, my nose tucked into his hair and my prick wedged solidly between his cheeks. I mouthed at his neck, nibbling the tender places I knew while he still murmured about his rising dough.
"I'm managing a restaurant on the Headrow now, yeah," she said, taking a sip of her rosé. "It's a little place: Italian. Chef's a real sweetheart, and he and his wife, who actually owns they place— they're from Naples, so they're doing it right. It's a little gimmicky, big champagne bottles and bad Roman murals everywhere, but the food is good. And the pay, the pay is good."
He could tell which one was 221 from a distance: its front windows were covered with brown paper and the front door had a piece of plywood screwed in where the glass ought to go. The faded green awning was tattered by wind and neglect, and there was litter swept haphazardly into the gutter: old cups, cigarette butts, package sandwich boxes. John wasn't immediately inspired. He spotted the black, unobtrusive door to the flat above and peered up at the windows, frowning. Did anyone actually live up there in B, or was the whole building empty? Maybe it was just this end of the street that was giving him this impression. It wasn't dodgy, not in
this go-round, but John still expected them to send someone. He hoped it wasn't Moriarty. They had three or four other perfectly good reviewers; surely he wouldn't risk a second visit just to antagonise Sherlock? Then again, he might volunteer for such an opportunity. But two reviews from him would just look strange to
Greg made a noise, a drawn-out note of skepticism. "I don't know about that, Sherlock. I can't break my contract
"No," he gasped, and the frankness of it almost made me lose my footing entirely. He jogged to a stop, leaning hard against the wall, but when I slowed as well he snapped, "Watson, don't lose him!" His breath was coming short and sharp, and his voice was almost a wheeze.
For a moment I thought about sleeping in his bed, to give him a real surprise if he came home before dawn, but decided against it. That would be too much for him in his delicate state. Instead I went up to my own bed, undressed, and fell asleep listening for his return.
“It isn’t,” he agrees, a murmur in my ear, “but after that display I’d be shocked if anyone has any lingering doubts.”
They spent a few more minutes clearing things up and confirming start times, and then John set everyone free. The waiters took off at a breakneck speed, and the cooks left in a pack, already jovial and comfortable with one another. Molly, though, lingered, while Lestrade talked with the waiters, and John watched her out of the corner of his eye while he tidied up the table he'd stacked all of his folders on. When Lestrade finally released his staff, he turned to Molly with a wide smile of welcome and she blushed.
"Sir, I'm sorry," she says, "but you can't sleep here. Do you need some help finding somewhere to stay?"
"So, John," Sherlock said, leaning in and fixing his eyes on John again, "what'll it be? Are you interested?"
I opened his trousers with my other hand, and drew him out through the gap in his drawers. His cock stood tall, the head still covered. The thick, rich smell of him made my mouth water. I hadn’t planned to gamahuche him, but there was no reason I shouldn’t. First things first.
Mike gave John's arm a long look, as if he could assess the damage through John's shirt. John rubbed his finger and thumb together restlessly, trying to dispel the numbness without drawing Mike's attention.
John turned back to Harry, whose eyes were blazing with fury once more. "Harry, seriously," he said, "what are you doing here? Where's Clara?"
"Damn him," Sherlock muttered. "I don't know why I hired him. He knows perfectly well people won't have a choice—"
He was down one already. Athelney Jones had turned up five minutes late, blamed the Tube, and Sherlock had said, "Out," very calmly. So calmly, in fact, that Jones didn't fight him; he just looked down at his shoes, said, "Yes, Chef," and left.
“This one’s sloppy,” Sherlock said, pointing at a basil noodle. “Whose is that? They haven’t followed the directions at all.”
Sherlock pushed through the swinging door and raised a smug eyebrow at John through the window. John managed a smile and followed Mrs Hudson in.
I laugh. "You haven't even been here as long as I have," I protest, as his body shifts behind mine. I would feel the press of his erection against my thigh if he were in his own corpus.
"Three other times," he said. "Twice in college; once in University. Then work consumed me, and then I met you."
"Well, I'm having some," Sherlock said, and disappeared. John heard him descending the stairs with considerably less care than he must have ascended them.
He worked me through the sensations, kissing my face and wringing a few more spasms of pleasure out of me with his clever hand. His body was warm and firm against mine; his voice in my ear carried me through. When I finally could open my eyes again, he was smiling down at me.
This is not my remote little cottage, separated from civilisation by six miles of Downs. This house is three times the size of that, and barely on the edge of the town.
Then, I'm ashamed to say, my interest in the case waned. I had solved it, and perhaps it would be a blessing upon the regular force to let them figure out the details on their own. I could point them in the right direction and take my leave, allowing the glory to slip away. I had more pressing needs to consider. One of them: taking my irreverent partner home and rogering him over the back of the settee with my so-called enormous prick. It was probably not as severe a punishment as it seemed when I first considered it.
John bookmarked the articles and the playlist for future reference, and got ready for bed. His left hand was strangely steady. Holmes was probably the worst person to try and employ, but maybe he would be different at the helm. He'd still shout, probably, and John would have to take him down a peg on that front. Shouting never got anything done, it only made people upset, and when chefs were upset the food was inevitably ruined. It was the food that was important to John, not the egos. If Sherlock Holmes was
Sherlock thanked the sommelier, showing her his list of scribbles, and led John out by the elbow. Greg and Molly were just behind. When they were once again in their coats and outside in the sharp February air, John had his face tipped up toward the sky. Rather than sober him up, the cold only highlighted how many wines he'd tried.
He would just have to find out, he decided, staring at the ceiling. 221 Baker Street might be an amazing space with the potential of John's lifetime, or it could be a ridiculous idea that he could turn away from without regretting it. Besides, it was better than lurking in Soho like the worst kind of creep, or spending another afternoon at the V&A to pass the time. The staff were starting to recognise him there, and not because he'd been on the telly.
"It's furnished," Sherlock said casually, starting to put away some of the jars. "Mrs Hudson keeps a few things up there; I don't know."
My mood wasn’t the only thing elevated. My prick stirred at the reminder of the night before, and I shifted my hips beneath the quilt, relishing the low throb of arousal.
He recognised Harry Watson just in time, as he approached the table where she sat with two other women. A quick look was enough to suggest to him that one of them was Harry's partner, Clara, and the other was the the notorious Mary Morstan. They were sharing Track 2 between them, and were on the orange chicken parfait course. He put on his best smile and stepped up to the empty side of the table.
John scrubbed both hands through his hair in frustration. "Damn it, Sherlock," he said, but the fight had gone out of him. He covered his eyes with the heels of his hands, and took a couple of deep breaths. His shoulder ached.
"Oh, no, of course not," I sneered. "It was all part of the plan, was it? Getting thrashed? Getting arrested? Brilliant way to spend the night. You wouldn't have money for bail if it weren't for me."
"I think you left some track bottoms upstairs," Sherlock said, finally dragging his eyes away from John. He brushed his hands together, apparently remembered where they'd been, and went unsteadily into the kitchen. Invisible around the corner, he turned the sink on and let it run.
She didn't answer. She turned away from him and raised her arm at a passing cab. It veered across the street to collect her, and she got in without looking back. As it pulled away, she gave John a two-fingered salute through the window for as long as he could see her.
, the wine, all convinced him not to. Instead he mopped up with a handful of tissues and tossed them aside. He fell asleep, too tired to feel property guilty about the whole thing.
"No," Sherlock said quickly, and squeezed out the gel over his fingers. "It's… it's silicone-based lube."
After breakfast, I asked for a bath to be drawn, and the maid and the boy carried the copper tub into the sitting room and put it in front of the fire. It was half an hour of activity to get the bath filled, but once they had made their final retreat I locked the sitting room door again. Watson, who had amused himself by perusing the bookcase, put down the novel that had distracted him and said, "Is that for you or for me?"
After the appointment, John took the Central line to Hyde Park and walked for a while. February was living up to his expectations, being bitterly cold and disgustingly damp, and the gravel/mud mixture under his feet crunched with every step. London was grey and brown and splendid, and he couldn't appreciate any of it. He'd been so long without work, and now the work had come back at him all at once. He didn't
I should be the only one allowed to touch his elbow like that; the only one to gaze into his eyes with such attention; the only one offering to refill his drink.
I drew it out slowly from my left breast pocket. It was a small cloth pouch that, living in that pocket, had escaped being laundered over and over. I opened the buttons on it, unfolded the cloth, and presented two gleaming gold rings to Watson.
"His journals," the machine says. "The ones that were never published. They're in the museum, now, but their contents are not a matter of public knowledge. The personal journals."
"That settles it," he said, shrugging into the jacket and replacing his hat upon his head. "Blakeley is dead, and we'll have to get the boats out to trawl for his body. Inspector, start your searches at the St Catherine's docks, but account for at least two days of tides, if not three. The last confirmed sighting of Blakeley alive was Thursday; they might have knocked him on the head the very same night. Watson, you and I have another mission."
and subsequent hiring, with the set-up of the dining room. They wouldn't have to put off hiring the waiters, especially if they were going to go with Agency staff, but everything that got pushed back would skew their timetable more and more. John's stomach sank low.
"Well, I don't think John's got much to do with that," Harry snorted, picking up her water glass. There was no wine on the table.
He regarded me for a moment, and then shrugged and began to unfasten his trousers. "It's tuppence to watch," he said, smirking at me, but the joke fell a little flat.
"I was about to say that," John agreed, though he didn't agree in the slightest. Except that he did. Now. "We, er, we were rather caught up in the moment, I suppose."
John reached for the shampoo on the rack behind him and squeezed a little too much into his hands. As soon as Sherlock lifted his head John turned them around, positioning himself under the spray. He dug both hands into Sherlock's hair, lathering. Sherlock's knees wobbled and he slapped a hand against the tile wall to steady himself. The purr that rumbled out of his chest made John swear to try and repeat this experience more often. As the water sluiced down his back, washing away the layer of sweat from the kitchen, he washed Sherlock's hair with a gentle sort of vigour, keeping the soap out of Sherlock's eyes, but being sure to give his hair a few firm tugs to keep him pliant. Sherlock's cock stood up proudly out of the thick, black curls of hair at his groin. Its rosy head was peeking out of its foreskin, gleaming.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” he muttered, but I could see the blush creeping up his neck. “Insatiable rogue.”
"I asked if they were enjoying their meal," Sherlock said, "and informed them that you are indispensable."
He woke again with the daylight around the edges of the curtains, and Sherlock on his back beside him, stretched out like a starfish. The heat had come on, so John's trip to the toilet wasn't miserable. He felt silly being naked, even on so short a journey, and pulled his briefs on. Afterwards, he washed his hands, peered at himself in the mirror, and helped himself to one of Sherlock's dressing gowns.
Sherlock pulled out, still breathing hard, and John rolled over onto his back with his throbbing cock still in hand. Sherlock said, "C'mere," and crouched, sealing his mouth around the tip of John's cock and sliding two fingers back into him. John shouted, hands flying to the back of Sherlock's head. Sherlock sucked him hard and fast, fucking him fast and deep and rubbing his prostate with deadly aim. John's orgasm twisted hard inside him, sharp-edged and powerful, and he squeezed his fists in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock moaned, muffled by his mouthful. He twisted his fingers, thumb pressing hard against the root of John's cock behind his bollocks. It was enough; John's cock swelled and stiffened, and he could feel his arse clamp down on Sherlock's fingers. He came with a yell, hips lifting off the bed, pushing himself deep into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock held him up, strong and still, rubbing him slowly inside until he was shuddering.
We let go of each other long enough to relocate to his bedroom, with consideration given to our landlady and the late hour. I wanted him in the comfort of our bed, anyway. Many trysts in the sitting room had been exciting and splendid, but I was in the mindset of something a little more subdued.
His mouth twitched, almost a smile, and he said, "Good." His hands went to his drawers, and I stepped back to let him dispense with them. I bit my lip as they fell: he was magnificent. His right thigh was also marred by a bullet wound, but this one was smaller. I wondered if the bullet had gone in and stayed there. Aside from that, his legs were long and strong and pale; his delicate toes curled in the carpet. He was thinner than his frame could support, but he wasn't gaunt. At the apex of his beautiful thighs, his soft prick hung heavy and ruddy, its head covered by its generous hood. I itched to have it in my hands, to feel the girth and heft of it. My mouth watered. As I stared, unashamed, it twitched. Watson cupped it roughly in his hand and gave it a squeeze. My pulse pounded between my legs, making me lightheaded. I swallowed hard.
happen, and never getting any of it in production. That's your strength, John: putting things into motion."
"Wilde was already married," I said, pointing at Watson with the mouth of the bottle, and then taking another drink. "But not to his lover. That was the scandal."
"That was Harry too," John said, and Jesus Christ, had he just interrupted Chef Bell? Not only was it rude, and bad form, and
John cleared his throat, glancing at Mike for reassurance— and finding none, damn the man. Mike only shrugged and gave John a look that said, 'I told you so,' although he'd done nothing of the sort.
The warming cupboard wasn't being used, so John hitched himself up onto it and sat there, watching the kitchen bustle. His left hand ached to hold a knife. He shouldn't get involved in the middle of the practice session, but maybe when they were done he'd give a few of the recipes a try. Sherlock could go sleep, and John would just amuse himself for a while with the agar.
Laughing, I bent and licked him. His exhale hissed out between his teeth and his hips jerked. I sucked his nipple into my mouth, laving it with my tongue; I massaged the swell of his breast, kneading it with my fingertips. His spine arched as he pressed himself against me, his breath coming short and sharp. I pulled back to admire my handiwork; against his pale, unblemished skin, his nipples were rosy and gleaming damp. In the cool air they were tight little peaks. Holmes was blushing down his chest, and his flat stomach heaved.
As we grew to know one another, as I became introduced to his work and the inner workings of his mind, my respect, awe, and fondness for him deepened.
"You're a menace to society," I tell him, sliding down the bed a little. Feeling with my hands and my mouth, I find my way to his left nipple and begin to give it its due attention. His hand comes down on the back of my head, fingers in my hair, and his breathing gets slow and deep as he arches up into my caresses. I lick and suck until the nipple under my lips is stiff and tender; meanwhile I worry the other between finger and thumb. Holmes is squirming, biting back his whimpers, and when I switch hand and mouth he groans aloud.
"It's amazing what a body can stand," I said, thinking of the state we'd found Sir George in. He'd been beaten and bound, starved and dehydrated, and nailed into his own coffin, and still he'd recognized our faces when we finally broke in upon him. They'd done him a favor by tying him up before they buried him, because he'd been spared his finger ends.
"I don't," he said softly. "There's nothing here to look at. I haven't made an official study of all the boot prints of all the constables, but I'm familiar with an awful lot of them, and that's all I see here. There's no rhyme or reason to the movement; everyone is just running about, back and forth. There's no pattern, no focal point."
“All the same.” Sherlock clapped his hands. “Come on, then.” He strode past John and left him standing on the landing.
Sherlock rubbed against him more firmly, giving into the urgent demand of his arousal, and cradled John's head in his hands, guiding him into a deeper kiss. Then he pulled back, waited for John to open his eyes again and smile at him, and then dove down to worry at the thin, tender skin of John's throat with his lips and teeth.
"Well," said he, unfolding his napkin, "you're treating me the way you might treat a wife, which isn't exactly necessary."
When I wake again, dawn has broken and spilled its grey light in at the window. I am lying on my side, facing the wall. Watson's hard body cradles mine, his arm across my ribs and his hand on my belly. He is warm and aware; as soon as I stir, he kisses my neck. The precision of the kiss is the last element that causes my belief in him to slot into place. No one but Watson would know what a kiss, given with such gentle pressure to so particular a spot, could do to me. Pleasure ripples down my spine, and I clench my hand in the sheet.
We couldn't discuss it very much more, for the maid was in and out, emptying the tub. When it was done, finally, the clock chimed ten. Late-morning sun streamed in through the windows. The whole day was ahead of us. Watson nodded in the armchair, his bare feet up on a stool.
I picked up the top volume and opened it. The frontispiece was a drawing of a young lady with her bosom exposed and her skirts drawn up to show her thighs and cunny. She was holding a switch in her hand, and was in the middle of beating the buttocks of a curly-haired man bent over a chair. He was in an apparent ecstasy of agony, for his prick was long and stiff from the beating.
"Well, John, I don't need an update every time we get another customer, so unless they've ordered you can keep the guest count to yourself."
"You do know food chemistry," Sherlock said. He slung his own towel over his shoulder, and suddenly he looked like the chef John had seen on YouTube. "But I'm not doing food chemistry, I'm doing molecular chemistry with food."
Sherlock groped around behind himself for the duvet and pulled it over them, and then reached for the light. They spent a minute rearranging their limbs, and John ended up with his head on Sherlock's shoulder and Sherlock's legs under one of his knees. They were sharing a pillow. He hardly ever got this close to people, and now here he was, tangled up with Sherlock without a complaint. Sherlock's fingers trailed slowly back and forth across his shoulder blade.
I took a coward's way out and escaped my old life, determined to wander the world until I had eroded everything that made me weak and soft and in love with him. Then came the news, through channels my brother had insisted upon, that his wife had died. All of the work I'd done unraveled, and I turned for home immediately. I couldn't let him be alone.
Williams went off the path into the grass, and I followed. My eyes had adjusted to the dimness, a significant contrast to the gas-lit streets, and I was pacing him. He wasn’t a particularly dangerous fellow in nature, but I knew he was armed and so I needed to keep my approach strategic.
"I couldn't secure the scene," Lestrade told me. "I was the third Inspector called here. It's a right sight inside." He gave a dramatic little shiver, and I felt a tingle of fear at what we might be about to encounter even as my heart began to pound with excitement. "Gruesome" wasn't Holmes's favorite type of crime, because he always said the stranger the situation the more clear-cut the solution, but it did make for good entertainment literature. Not that I should be thinking of my publications at a time like this.
I was as attentive as a doctor should be with any patient, listening to the change in his breathing as his passion mounted, feeling the wetness that slicked my hand and eased its passage, inhaling the thick scent of his arousal, and tasting his eager tongue in my mouth. I paused in my stroking to stroke my thumb over the tender head of his cock and he jolted, moaning against my lips.
Watson looked at me again, taking in the blush, the pillow, my loosened tie. He narrowed his eyes, coming around the settee to get a better look, and bumped the newspaper with his knee. It fell to the floor, revealing my book.
He was still sitting there when Sherlock came through the door a few minutes later. Sherlock almost didn't see him, but when he did he came over and sank down beside him.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes innocently wide. "No, no problem at all. Is she qualified for the job?"
I didn't exactly remember what I'd told him, or how much, of my feelings for him, but apparently it had been enough. He'd admitted the sentiment was mutual, and we'd done something about it.
"Reverend, my dear Sherlock is very private. The idea of being married in Westminster is abhorrent to him." He laced our fingers together and gazed fondly at me. Even I was almost convinced he wasn't acting. "We've wanted to be married for so long, but he won't do it where we'd have to announce it to everyone, to endure the engagement. We don't have families with whom to visit, and the expectations are quite painful. Besides, we're too well-known, you see, to do it without it becoming a spectacle."
Sherlock snorted and turned his collar up. "I do have them digitised," he said, crossing his arms and sinking back into his seat.
"John," Idris Elba said, "you're not cooking to your full potential. This dish is a good example of that; you have a lot of knowledge, and a lot of inspired ideas, but you're not taking enough risks."
There was a sharp rap on the outer door. They both turned to look, and Sherlock let out a noise of disappointment.
"I suppose I hadn't really thought about legal protections," said he, cuddling in under my arm and offering me his flask of brandy. I accepted, drank, and handed it back. My insides were tingling, perhaps from the alcohol, but also because this splendid man was nearly on top of me in a graveyard and it was like all my dreams had come true. "Imagine sharing your life with someone," he said, and I genuinely believe he didn't realize he was describing us, "living with them a decade, witnessing every crest and valley of their life, participating in their joys and sorrows, mingling your assets and your money, and then having it all stripped away upon the moment of their death with no recourse for compensation." At this point I think he'd started to catch his own drift. "I suppose it might not have to be death, but to be separated from someone you love and not be able to recover any of the emotional or material investment…." He sat up a little, the better to look into my eyes.
"What, fraternising with a co-worker? Bit hypocritical, I think," John said, and watched a flush of colour climb up Sherlock's throat. "No: he's not her boss, you are; they won't be working in the same area at the same time, so they won't get distracted; and, they're adults. I think we can trust them to act like it."
God, how could I ever doubt him? The way he trembles, his little gasp of arousal at the rub of my fingers at his sac, the heady smell of his body here; they are mine. I treasure every detail, and he knows it.
I knew it. The dear man doesn’t know when he’s being flirted with. No wonder it took us fifteen years. “Two more minutes and he’d be suggesting you take him back to Baker Street to show him your original manuscripts.” I am practically vibrating.
Mike invited him to the Criterion in Piccadilly. Although he was the head chef for some hipster grunge restaurant in Shoreditch whose primary draw was its nineteen kinds of fried chicken, Mike was a gourmand at heart, and nothing made him happier than a flank steak served in style. John, in his button-down and jeans, just barely cleared the bar in terms of dress code, and they were shown to a table near the back.
His amenability to my amorous proposal was almost as shocking to me as my return was to him. I remember I had to sit down.
The din of this century is bad enough: the chaos of the flying vehicles and the interminable noise of millions of people, so many millions more than when last I saw it. The pavements are packed with pedestrians and buildings stretch to the sky, all glass and steel. Regent's Park, once our strolling-ground, is a pittance of greenery in this bursting, monstrous metropolis. My own Baker Street flat that once I shared with Doctor Watson is tucked away on what is now a side street, a mausoleum to our life.
John's smile was gentle, and he kissed Sherlock's cheek and eyebrow. "I like this bedroom," he said.
"I wouldn't have money to be robbed of if it weren't for you," he said, taking a step closer to me. I put my hands up, perhaps in a bid to protect myself, and he grabbed my forearms. His grip was definitely aggressive, but I wasn't afraid.
Inspector Lestrade was shown up to the sitting room. Holmes got up to shake his hand, made apologies for me still being halfway through my breakfast, and offered the Inspector a cup of coffee.
Mycroft blinked at me, and then settled back into his chair and crossed his arms over his ample belly. "That's rather inconvenient," said he. "I knew you were intoxicated, otherwise you'd have never gone through with it, but…. Oh, Sherlock."
, but he can't stand the idea of doing it in town where everyone knows us. We're too well-known, you see, to do it without it becoming a spectacle."
I slipped into my bedroom and changed my clothes completely, from my drawers to my necktie. When I emerged once more, Watson was wearing his jacket and boots. Together we put on our hats and I advised against coats, given the rising spring temperature outside. He picked up his walking stick in the entryway, and we went outside.
There was a tug on the bell downstairs, and Holmes let the top half of the broadsheet fall to beam at me.
We stood uncomfortably for a moment. Watson was rigid beside me. "I suppose you could call that a detour," I said finally.
I climb to my feet again, stiff and dusty. This isn't what I came for, though it was worth the trip.
We reach the shingle and I crunch my way down to the edge of the water, grateful for the familiar slip and slide of the stones beneath my boots. The sun is starting to break free of the surf, making the cliffs glow. The noise of humanity has been superseded by the crash of the waves, blissfully eternal.
He huddled into his coat, wishing he'd brought a scarf. The back of his neck tingled. Sherlock's dark blue scarf was a soft and luxurious merino. John coveted it. He could just imagine the warmth and prickle of the wool against his skin, and the lingering scent of hair product and Sherlock's skin.
I hated this level of familiarity from men I'd only worked with once. Lestrade could get away with it because he was my friend and a regular visitor to the consulting rooms at Baker Street, but I had just met this constable.
We passed the aromatic entrance to Half Moon Passage that would have taken us back to the Strand, and then my quarry vacillated on the pavement. I stopped too, hanging back as he peered into a window. If he were a particularly suspicious or wary type, he might catch sight of me in the reflection. I made sure he would not, and picked a thin volume up off a table. I began to look through it, when the shop boy came out and said, “Tuppence for the books upon the table, sir.”
next week. Challenge two: working from a recipe. Write up the recipe and figure out what we need for each cook to make one of whatever it is. We can test them on their ability to follow directions."
"These are men's rings," he said. He tried to put one on and it got stuck just below his second knuckle.
A university professor had gone missing, and the only clues were a wine glass and a smear of blood on his writing desk. The regular force had visited the scene, interviewed the wife, harangued the servants, and no doubt trampled on all the visible exterior clues, but I agreed to attend. Watson, naturally, came with me.
He went off, and Watson let go of my hand. I missed it at once. He began tearing the article about us out of the broadsheet, muttering about just keeping it for posterity. Then he checked his watch. Mine was still stopped, I realized. I didn't feel like rewinding it just yet.
Perhaps the intimacy had always been there, only I had never noticed it. Nothing felt different, I told myself, except that
He snorted, which was better than no response at all. That said he was willing; even if he ignored me in stony silence for now, in sixty minutes he would be climbing in beside me.
Harry squeezed her hands into fists behind her back, hiding her bitten nails. "The yoghurt and the cous-cous," she said.
Sherlock pulled back, breathing hard, and glanced up at John. It wasn't a coy glance; he wasn't checking to see if John was watching. In fact, when John met his eyes, Sherlock flushed more deeply and busied himself with the task of sucking John's brain out through his dick. His lips parted and he engulfed John. John gasped at the incredible hot, wet sensation of Sherlock's mouth sinking down around him, and his hips jerked against his own volition. Sherlock didn't flinch, just took the extra inch of John's prick with grace, and John fell back, panting, "Sorry, sorry," even though he could tell Sherlock didn't mind.
go backwards. As soon as this New Scotland Yard is done with me I will finish the job I started two centuries ago. I should have walked into the sea, not into a vat of honey. I will not be forced to endure a minute longer than necessary of this hellish world—
He sighed, as if my demands were in any way inconvenient to him, as if his own prick wasn’t a hard ridge against mine, and began to move back and forth atop me, grinding us together. I clung to him, kissing him frantically, my hands on his face and his back and running up and down his ribs. I pushed my fingers into his hair, ruining that part of his morning routine, and let the orgasm build hot and heavy in my gut.
When Holmes and Watson took up together at the end of January, Watson was in a sticky situation. His previous restaurant, the one that got him onto
He nuzzles his nose against the back of my neck. "Easily," he says. "You're not one to give in to persuasion, usually."
“I need a distraction,” he said into the top of my head. I wrapped my arms around him, my hands underneath his shoulder blades, and pressed my cheek to his chest. His heart was beating steadily, his ribs rising and falling as he breathed. Having confirmed his humanity, I picked my head up again and looked into his eyes. They were red with fatigue.
He grinned. "I had suspicions about where a new gang member would come from and what he might offer the group. At any rate, I hardly thought about it until I was nearly home but... I was quite comfortable all day. My gussets didn't pinch. I could breathe easily. Nothing...
John swallowed hard and forced himself out of bed. The floor was cold under his bare feet, and his arm ached as he slipped his jumper over his head. Downstairs, he could hear Sherlock moving around in the kitchen, opening and closing cupboards, turning on the kettle.
John was backstage. The heat of the lights had him right away, and he knew they were on the telly again. Harry was beside him, rocking on her toes in her anxiousness. They were waiting for an assessment. John went over the dish in his mind: the preparations, the sauces, the final product. It felt good. He'd always done well under pressure.
"Very good, sir," Mrs Hudson said, hiding a smirk. "I do hope you decide to stay, Doctor Watson," she said, bless her. "I know how Mr Holmes would like a companion. Someone to share the rent with. Someone to keep him out of trouble."
Sherlock nodded, trying to parse the frown on John's face. John wasn't angry, but he was thinking hard. He was quiet for the rest of the time the kitchen staff were there, through their finishing the meals and cleaning up, only speaking up to issue directions and confirm orders, and then to say goodbye as the staff took off. When he and Sherlock were alone again, they went upstairs in silence, Sherlock one step behind John. John closed the bathroom door on him, and Sherlock heard the shower start up.
He made some notes in his notebook, jotting down that hypothesis. “Warmth does wonders for the yeast, of course.”
"No, he's—" John pulled away. He could hear the radio now. "He won't notice, he'll be too wrapped up—"
a day off. He wanted to be back in the kitchen, even if it was noisy and full of contractors and unusable. He wanted to know what Sherlock was picking for the challenge. He wanted to watch Sherlock write it down in his cramped, spidery handwriting and shove it in his ridiculous recipe files.
John shook them out of the kit and snapped them on, before Paul let him anywhere near his hand again. The cut was almost four inches long, and the sterile cotton wool pad John covered it with was soaked through in a moment. John stuck another one on and began to wrap the whole thing in gauze.
"Relax," I murmured, lifting my head to look at him.  His nipple was bright red, wet from my mouth. His face was a similar colour, and his mouth was half-open as he panted for breath.
Sherlock shrugged. In the kitchen, the kettle clicked off. John sat down in the armchair by the fireplace as Sherlock went through to make the tea. Through the windows, John could see the moon above Baker Street. It was half-illuminated, waxing, and it was the only thing visible in the sky. The carpet under his toes was cool and plush.
As they got into a cab, Sherlock turned his face to the sky. John watched his profile in the light of passing car headlamps. Sherlock blew out a transparent cloud of breath and looked down at John again.
There was a general murmur of assent. Behind John, Sherlock was still and silent, formidable in his pristine uniform whites. John could feel the intensity of his attention without even looking at him. They had spent the wee hours of that morning putting together the mise en place, arranging all the food John had bought for their preliminary tests, and making the kitchen presentable and navigable for a parcel of new cooks. John was no longer used to working those sorts of hours. He'd gone soft.
"And, Sherlock," Jim went on, "you must be so proud to finally have found someone who will put up with you, is that right?"
He stopped at Tesco on the way home, building a menu in his mind, and tossed it all on the worktop in the flat to take off his coat. Two carrier bags took up nearly the whole surface, but he was going to make it work. He might not know a thing about molecular gastronomy, but he knew how to make a proper dinner. He'd eaten from the meal deal section of the shop too often lately.
Watson gave the whole area another careful pass with the razor, and then turned his attentions, and the hot towel, to my bollocks. With the application of heat, they loosened and Watson was able to pull the soft skin taut.
John took the distraction as an opportunity to stretch out his legs. They were falling asleep, but he didn't want to move from his proximity to Sherlock. He rubbed his palms up and down his thighs, coaxing the feeling back into them. Sherlock was listening intently, his expression falling.
"It's only an idea," he said, defensive now, so I reached back once more and gripped him by the calf.
Sherlock slid closer and laid himself along John's side, easing his knee over John's thigh and his hand across John's belly. John was warm and damp and smelled good, fresh after the swirl of food smells in the kitchen. "Anything else I could rub for you, instead?"
A shudder shakes my frame and I press my face more firmly into the earth, as if I could feel his presence through it. He's not here. He's been gone a long time, and all I have left is a ruined stone. “So you know the truth,” I sigh. “Good. Does Lestrade?”
I must have fallen asleep there on the grave of my dead lover. The next thing I am aware of is being nudged gently by a toe in the sole of my boot. A woman in a clerical frock stands over me, and she frowns when I open my eyes.
He kissed me again deeply, and then pressed our foreheads together. Under the water, we had begun to stroke one another, and I felt the tremors of his pleasure running through his body. My hips rocked, pushing into his fist, sloshing the water around us.
The thick salt taste of him burst upon my tongue and I heard myself moan. My own prick throbbed beneath my nightshirt, teased by the drag of insubstantial fabric. I curled both hands around his shaft as I took him deep into my mouth, my eyes sliding shut. His hands landed on my shoulders, one tangling in the collar of the dressing gown, the other sliding up the back of my neck into my hair.
"I was just…" Holmes cleared his throat. "I'm sorry I didn't say anything earlier, that's all." He touched my face, and I felt his ring, body-warm against my cheek.
Sherlock's cock was twitching. His balls were pulled up tight against his body. The sting of penetration should have dampened his ardour, but the need to have John inside him had overruled that reaction, and now he was almost on the verge of orgasm. He had to regain control of himself. But John seemed to sense his distress and didn't give him a chance to recover; instead he planted his hands on Sherlock's hips and rolled his hips upwards, pushing himself deep. Sherlock yelped— although it was really more of a manly groan— and let his head hang, his mouth fallen open. John beamed up at him.
He went upstairs. There were sheets on the bed, and a nice, heavy duvet that smelled of lavender washing powder. The room wasn't as big as Sherlock's room on the first floor, but it was nearly the same size as John’s whole flat, with a generous closet and a view of Baker Street. There was an IKEA lamp on the nightstand and an empty dresser in the corner opposite a bookshelf and standing mirror. It also had its own full bathroom. John found a wrapped toothbrush in the cabinet over the sink and an unopened tube of toothpaste. A bar of soap, too, was still in its box.
I lift my face. In the moonlight now I can see his wide, dark eyes; his fine, high cheekbones; his thin, expressive mouth. His mouth is open, gulping air, and then he pulls the blankets up again. It's too hot under here, but it's deliciously intimate to be surrounded by his body heat and his heady aroma. I start to move down again, my mouth watering, and suddenly he's giggling again.
"You chafe like no one I've ever seen under management," John protested. "At least you do in those videos."
When she was gone, he went into the kitchen and found Sherlock mashing peas with unnecessary vigour.
There was enough coffee in the pot for a second cup, so John helped himself. He listened to the sound of the shower running, the creak of the pipes in the walls, and the noise of the world outside the flat. He wandered to the front window and looked down at the street: the bustling thoroughfare, the trees of Regent's Park, the occasional pedestrian slowing for a peek through the papered-over windows of 221.
“Thank you, Watson,” said he softly, brushing his fingers through my hair. “You always do come through for me.”
"Better." Sherlock kissed the bite mark and smoothed his slick hand up John's belly and over his hip. Still holding John close, he eased his hand between them, angling his own hips back to give himself room. His fingers slid over John's arsehole, teasing. The air was full of steam, but Sherlock's body was hotter, everywhere his skin came into contact with John's. His mouth on the back of John's shoulder burned.
Finally, after perhaps a week of such nonsense, he stopped in the middle of routine, shaving cream on half his face, and said, "Is there something in particular you want, or are you content with your voyeurism?"
"He found these tumblers with rounded bottoms," Sarah said, taking one down. "We're going to make a gellified triple layer drink that we'll just pull out of the fridge when it gets ordered and pour the liquor over top of it. He's thinking of mango, peach, and ginger ale, all turned into gel. Then the liquor will be either vodka or gin, and it will start to break down the gel a bit. I've also ordered popping candy to make the drinks fizz."
John scuffed the toe of his shoe against the ground and turned away. He shouldn't be here. He should go home, watch some bad telly in his crap flat, and maybe ring his parents. Possibly eat a chicken korma. Live the high life.
I could hear his careful breathing, stoppered when my cock sank deep into his throat and light and fast when he pulled back ton tongue at my head. It inflamed me, to think that his attention was so focused on my pleasure. I knew it brought him his. I carded my fingers through his hair and urged him to get on with it.
"What is it?" He looked down into my face. I could feel his exhale on my cheek and smell the liquor on his breath.
Holmes was silent for an agonising minute, staring at me. I bit my lip against my own impulse to hide my face or get out of bed. Then he laughed, short and sharp, and took hold of my chin to make me look into his eyes.
Finally his prick was out in the air, rigid and pointing unashamedly at Sherlock's face. Unceremoniously, Sherlock licked the tip, making John jolt and gasp, and then buried his nose in the thick curls of hair that surrounded its base. He stroked John's cock from root to tip, encircling it completely in his big hand, and his tongue flickered against the root.
I wondered. It wasn't as if we were in love. Holmes and I had a very deep and affectionate friendship, but marriage? It was a strange and unexpected step for us to take, even if the privilege had been granted to all as a result of Oscar Wilde's trial the year before. I had never considered Holmes in such a light, nor, I was sure, had he done so for me.
My orgasm took me abruptly, surging upwards from low in my gut, and I spurted over my fingers with a stifled grunt. I drew it out, squeezing my cock from root to tip, and lamented the splash of semen on my shirt tails even as I trembled with the echoes of my pleasure. Damn.
Sherlock didn't give him a chance to voice this desire, however, as he backed John across the room and pinned him against the wall. He ate at John's mouth, licking and nipping, his hands roving over John's body. He pushed John's jumper up and dragged John's shirt out of his jeans, his palms warm and demanding on John's skin. John felt the heavy throb of blood between his legs and spread them instinctively. Sherlock shoved a thigh into the space immediately, grinding his hip against John's groin and pushing John up on his toes again. Their teeth clicked together, and Sherlock pulled back to stare into John's face.
kitchen." Sherlock's hands slid up underneath his T-shirt, pushing it up his torso until it was stopped by John's arms which were still wrapped around Sherlock's body.
I told myself I was grateful enough to have his continued friendship, but that marriage marked the beginning of a spiral that took me deep into the criminal underground of London in pursuit of something that made me feel as strongly as he did. Discovering Professor Moriarty at the center of it was a lucky break. My brother warned me against him, told me there were other avenues available, but I let Moriarty string me along. I expected our final contest to end in both our deaths. That I lived and he was killed added insult to injury. That Watson was on his way back to my rescue couldn't be borne.
Watson wasn't in any better of a state. He kept casting me heated looks, even when he thought I wasn't observing him, and would flush when I caught him. We went out for a long walk and a meal, in an attempt to stay the impulse to spend the afternoon in bed. By the time we returned to Baker Street I was on the edge of madness, and Watson had his hands in my trousers almost before the sitting room door was locked. We didn't achieve much that afternoon, nor late into the evening.
"I think Mrs Hudson put some bacon in the fridge last time she was here, too. I won't promise you it's still any good."
"I think we're going to go," Greg said. He was arm in arm with Molly, and she was shivering. "That was fun, though, wasn't it?"
Sherlock grinned.  "But not by thinking about it," he said. He reached the distal end of the scar, halfway down John's arm where it curled around the back, and switched to John's torso. John's nipple was right there, stiff and peaked. "I'm glad," he said, giving it a little lick.
"Jesus," John said to the empty kitchen. Then he remembered there were supposed to be other people in the building. "Dimmock!" he yelled. "Bradstreet! You lot! Where the fuck did you go?"
Lestrade accepted. "I'm sorry to bother you gentlemen so soon after your…" he said, and paused. He looked around the room at the floral arrangements, and then at us. I'd slept in my wedding ring, and Holmes was wearing his, I realized. Lestrade took a careful sip of hot coffee and said, "Holiday," with decisiveness. "But we've got a real corker down in Deptford and could use your eyes, Mr Holmes."
He chuckled and nibbled my ear. "I shouldn’t have to remind you of my capacity to think of two things at once." He worked his fist around the head of my prick, ratcheting my pleasure up.
John wasn't sure if he was joking. "All right," he said, "we can talk about it later." He looked around the kitchen, trying to remember if there were something else they were supposed to be doing.
Sherlock wanted to say something cocky, about how people were always impressed when his cooking was in question, but it stuck in his throat. He swallowed and nodded.
Inside, the contractors greeted him and showed him the progress of the fume hood and the replacement of the ceiling they'd torn down. It was nearly done, as if they’d worked overnight. Sherlock, they said, was upstairs. They hadn't seen him for a few hours. John went out again and let himself in the B door. There was an unfamiliar voice coming from rooms above, so John took the stairs quietly, listening.
"Excellent. Well, not particularly excellent, but it'll have to do." The man put the pipette down and struck his palms on his thighs. "I've got my eye on a little place off Regent's Park; I think together we can really make something of it. I'll make an appointment with Mrs Hudson for tomorrow at noon, will that suit you?"
"He practically is the government. Don't ever try to engage him in conversation on the matter. You'll end up in Yemen." He crossed the room and went behind the bar, taking a top shelf bottle of scotch. He fished out a glass, considered a moment, and pulled out a second one. Thoughtful. Sherlock poured a healthy measure in both of them, despite the fact that it was ten in the morning, and pushed the second glass across the bar towards John.
"All right," John said, giving Sherlock a push away from the table and slipping down. He fixed his shirt. "Enough. Let's go. Are these surfaces clean enough to eat off?"
I squeezed back and saw his eyes flash with surprise. The corner of his mouth twitched in a smile, and desire flared in my chest. I had kissed that mouth only two nights ago. We hadn't discussed how we'd act in public, regarding our impulse decision. Since yesterday Watson had barely touched me, save the hug I'd initiated, and I hadn't expected him to warm up to the idea so quickly. There was a tenderness in his gaze that made my skin tingle.
"Ghost light? You're thinking of a theatre." I was pushing myself to my feet and getting tangled in him.
John shrugged. "Well, I know how to manoeuvre through an active kitchen, that's true, but I'm not going to risk it."
My heart stuck in my throat. I tried again, knowing it would be futile, "I wish you'd come home with me."
"John, I'm sorry," I said, interrupting him so that I could get my apology out of the way before he tried to apologize instead.
Instead, Sherlock was standing at the window, staring down into the street. He’d already exchanged his chef whites for trousers and a jacket.
I thought about the night we'd spent sitting up together, waiting for Helen Stoner to light her lamp. He had cared so deeply for her and her struggle, taken her so seriously, on a topic I imagined anyone else without his experience would have scoffed at. We saved her life by believing her, and his valiant efforts endeared him to me.
"Possibly," Sherlock said, sitting up, "but I'm not going to comment on the post to tell everyone that."
Sherlock pursed his mouth and John realised he was trying, and failing, not to smile. When he relaxed and let it come naturally, it was a really charming, slightly lopsided smile. John wanted to see more of it. Among other things.
"Yes, you seem to be recovering quite well, given the extent of your injuries; your hand hardly shakes at all. Is the grip strong enough for you yet, or are you still working on it?"
"I don't know," John said honestly. "We've barely spoken since the— since the fire. She checked herself into a place in Kent and was there for six months. They recommended she stay the rest of the year and she refused. She moved back in with Clara, her— partner, I guess— and Clara's been keeping the family up to date but…"
He poked me in the ribs with one finger, but at the same time he reached up to kiss me, so I forgave the jab. His hand closed in the fabric of my nightshirt as we kissed, holding me against him. We traded kisses slowly, warming each other up; his lips parted and his tongue touched mine, sending a spark of pleasure through me. He let go of my nightshirt to rub up and down my arm and back up over my shoulder, tucking his fingers into my loose collar and petting the bare top of my spine. I kissed him again and again, dipping deeper into his mouth every time. I listened to his breathing change, growing shallow. He sank his fingers into my hair and his fingertips on my scalp were heaven.
"No," he says, "you don't have to apologise for it; I understand your trepidation. I'm just grateful you're letting me… be with you now."
That was the last thing I remembered: sitting with Holmes out-of-doors, the noisy inn behind me, watching him drink wine straight from the bottle.
It touches me sometimes, casually. It puts its hand on my shoulder, in just such a way that Watson used to. How can it know such a detail? It is not cold like a machine, but warm with circuitry and power.
"Shut up," John said, "it's fine. Gregson, bring me a dustpan and broom. Bradstreet, pick up anything you can find that isn't shattered glass, and for God's sake don't cut yourself."
Sherlock blushed. He started to unsnap the coat, starting at John's collarbone. "When the time was right," he said.
I waited until Watson had overpowered Williams entirely, and then said, “My dear fellow, you have quite a gift, don’t you.”
I look forward to the day he turns to pastry, but bread is his current fascination. He studies the way it rises, how the yeast reacts to different temperatures and conditions, and how much kneading is too much kneading. He has replaced his habitual dressing gown with a blue linen apron, and finishes most days asleep in his armchair, covered with a fine dusting of flour.
Holmes moaned again, the sound more awake and more unhappy this time. He shifted, drawing away, and rolled onto his back. Cold air rushed to fill the vacuum of the space he left behind. I turned as well, wincing as the movement caused my brain to slosh around inside my skull.
"I may have married you under confused circumstances," I said, "but I assure you I am no longer confused."
“I know, I know,” he grumbled, easing his grip. I stuck my tongue out and licked the sea-salt fluid from his slit, which made him jerk. He glared at me, his silver eyes narrowed, but his expression relaxed in the face of my winning grin. I opened my mouth again to take him in, sliding his hood away from his sensitive crown. He tasted bitter, too much tobacco and deep thought, but his noises were sweet and desperate.
"Sherlock, it's very late. Take the settee, I'll find you a blanket, and we will talk in the morning." Mycroft heaved himself out of his chair and went down the hall. I heard him rummaging, and then he came back with a heavy quilt and a pillow.
I didn't care where the cache had been found. The motivation of the criminals to torture and starve Sir George helped in the case, but I had rescued the man and that's what I had been brought in to do. "How very interesting," I said. "I suppose there's always something, eh Watson?"
“No, in Piccadilly,” Lestrade said, glancing at me. “An altercation with a gentleman that drew the attention of a constable. The gentleman accused him of being a prostitute, while your man–”
Sherlock scowled. "Don't bother," he said. "Stay in the room upstairs. You've got to come back in the morning anyway."
Holmes carded his fingers through my hair. "Your touch," he said, "perhaps your mouth, for starters."
"Fuck right off," John said, nudging him with his elbow, but as Sherlock moved away, smirking, he had to admit that he did feel a little better. He wasn't going to be at his best, not without practice, but he was going to make his best attempt to keep Sherlock's kitchen—
"But I haven't asked you any questions yet," Moriarty said. He slid off the prep table where he'd been sitting and fastidiously straightened the lines of his suit.
Sherlock was seated at the kitchen table, wearing a long silk dressing gown over his T-shirt and pyjama pants, drinking a cup of coffee and staring unseeing at the morning
"What," I began, and then stopped myself in surprise. I felt his hand brush against mine, and then the soft touch of his foreskin against my prick head. He drew it down around my head, engulfing me in a tight, hot embrace. He was breathing hard, his hand on my cock unsteady. I gripped his hand with my free one, holding him holding me, and he swore under his breath. His hips shifted, and with it his prick and his hood, and I had to let go of his hand to grab his shoulder instead. My hips jerked wildly, my climax on the horizon. My most tender part was touching his, our slits rubbing together, slick with our excitement even as the water threatened to wash it away. I had to kiss him again, but it was with messy inaccuracy. His mouth was slack, though he mustered some coordination to reply when I licked between his lips.
"That first course we had with… was it walnut?" Mary asked. "It was very interesting. The textures were so unexpected."
He laughed. "It does," he agreed, drawing the circle of his fingers up the length of my shaft. We both watched the bead of fluid that was squeezed out the tip. He bent his head to lick it away, and my hands flew to his shoulders.
Moriarty was waiting in the kitchen, leaning against the prep table in the middle of the room with his arms crossed and his eyes fixed on the office door. Lestrade and Sebastian were nowhere to be seen, but John could hear Lestrade's voice out in the dining room, offering to arrange something for a photograph. The cooks had also disappeared, perhaps sensing that something was wrong and deciding wisely to get out of the way.
The compress had gotten warm by now, so I put it aside. It was after midnight. Somehow I knew Holmes wouldn't be back; he hadn't gone in pursuit of more clues, he had run to hide. Possibly to one of his bolt holes, or perhaps to his brother's. I considered writing a note to send after him in the morning, but he would have to come back here eventually. I would just be ready for his return, with open arms and a renewed sense of honesty. I felt like I ought to be scared of that honesty, but we were
He stood up; he was inside the holding cell, his hands cuffed together in front of him. He had a terrific black eye and split lip, and there was blood on his uniform collar and his left sleeve was torn as if by abrasive contact with the pavement. There was blood and grit in his hair, too. I went straight up to the bars, barely keeping myself from reaching through to him.
John had started out skeptical, moved quickly into fascinated, and slid headlong into fond. Sherlock was a genius, and John wanted to protect him. He knew the impulse was inappropriate, especially as Sherlock would
"What?" She thinks I'm a vagrant. "No, no, I'm— I'm all right. I was just… visiting an old friend." Even these people with all their miracles of science probably will not want to hear where I've come from, or that this long-dead man used to share my home and my bed. I struggle to my feet, but I cannot bring myself to simply leave my dear heart behind. I rest my fingertips upon the stone and try to wish him the fondest farewell I can manage. I can visit again, I reassure myself. If I want to come back and see him, I can.
"Faster now," John said, and Sherlock groaned, hips jerking. His fingers went tight on John's hips and his thrusts grew vigorous as he let himself go. John braced himself on one hand and knees and worked his prick in earnest, fist sliding fast and slick up and down his length. Sherlock's bollocks slapped his backside with every thrust, and he could hear Sherlock's breathing change again; Sherlock's prick got harder inside him, and Sherlock gasped, "John!"
Holmes groaned into my mouth; I squeezed his prick gently until it was full and stiff, standing up beneath his nightshirt, and I could wrap my hand all the way around it. He broke the kiss to pant softly into my ear instead, his fingers clenching in the sleeves of my dressing gown. He tipped his head back against my shoulder and asked, "Did you check the door?"
He laughed, gathering my unoccupied hand in his and twining our fingers together. He pressed a kiss to the back of my knuckles. "Nonsense," he said, "I don't expect a guarantee out of you, only a promise that you'll be at my side for each of them, whether they be abstruse or commonplace.
"It's disgusting. I'm going to have him fired." Sherlock raked his hands through his hair, encouraging chaos in a halo around his head.
I slip him deeper into my mouth, bobbing up and down as I suck his tip. His cock head fits so neatly into my mouth, and the thick salt taste of him has my gut clenching with desire. My hand, wrapped around his shaft, moves up and down as my head does, getting slicker with every pass. I cup his bollocks with my other hand.
"Oh, bollocks to Sherlock," John said. "Sherlock said he wanted to match a wine list to the menu, as well. Charge eighty or a hundred quid to have it served alongside the dinner."
On the 22nd of April, 1896, I awoke with the sun in my face, my head full of cotton wool, and a warm body along my back. I wasn't in my own bed; I wasn't even in Baker Street. It was the work of several long moments to orient myself to the double-bedded room Holmes and I had rented at the only inn available close to the railway station, in the country town of Ferrymore Bridge. The morning sun pierced through the fog in my brain: a lance of agony.
John started to shake his head, thinking of his little flat and his own bed, but the prospect of staying over was more than a little appealing, despite his concerns. The kitchen below wasn't even
When he got back to the restaurant, Sherlock was in the kitchen with the new sous chefs, showing them how to use the centrifuge. He was looking appropriately immaculate and imposing in his full uniform: the white tailored coat with his name embroidered on the chest, black cotton trousers whose looseness disguised the perfect shape of his arse, sturdy slip-proof boots. He looked up as John came in, his face stern and unreadable.
"Sherlock, my dear boy," he said, ushering me in and guiding me toward the sitting room. "You look terrible."
That evening, back in his flat, John looked Sherlock Holmes up on the internet. Holmes had his own website, which was primarily a blog of recipes and experiments that John skimmed, a Wikipedia entry (John had one too, and Harry had written most of it) and, for some reason, a dedicated fan site. The resounding consensus online (including on the fan site) was that Holmes was an absolutely unapologetic raging twat. And that he always looked good in pictures, even the candid ones.
"More or less," Holmes said. "Just a few details to finalize; may I beg that you not trouble us for lunch until we call?"
“Ah ah,” Greg said, and pushed his finger down, “I think you’ll find I am on the list, same as you.”
Somewhere in this building was a man who had lamented that very morning about not being able to find a business partner for a mad restaurant idea he'd had. Mike hadn't really elaborated, but since John had nothing better to do, and he was just masochistic enough to consider it as a real possibility, he'd agreed to meet him. Harry could go right to hell; John was just going to
John peered at the list around Sherlock's arm. "I'm sure they'll be fine, Sherlock," he said. "They've chosen to come, haven't they?"
Lestrade clapped us both on the shoulders hard. "My dear Mr Holmes, Doctor, welcome to your stag party."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, about to disagree on instinct, but a moment later he had reconsidered and was nodding. "Right," he said, sitting back down in his armchair and scribbling. "Yes, that's— that's a good idea."
Sherlock moved to unfasten the button at John's throat, and opened his shirt down to the middle of his sternum. John, in return, slid his hands underneath Sherlock's T-shirt, fingers skating across the bare skin at the gap between Sherlock's shirt and trousers. John had a plain, white crew-neck on under his button-down, and it was stretched deliciously across his pecs. His nipples were stiff beneath the fabric, and he shivered and moaned when Sherlock rubbed his thumb deliberately across one.
I took the corner at Portland Street and Hyde Park Place at a full run, the jewel thief George Williams only thirty or forty strides ahead of me. He was headed into the park, presumably as an attempt to lose me amongst the darkened paths, but I was more familiar with the park than perhaps I cared to admit. I walked here often enough during the day, when it was seemly, but had also found myself here at night as well, when the more unsavoury sort were out and about. But, of course, the unsavoury sort were how I earned my bread and cheese, and so Hyde Park at nearly midnight did not concern me in the slightest.
"Christ, Sherlock; my old floor manager, from Northumberland." He put his phone away again and picked up the notes. "I'm going to have dinner with her tonight, if that's all right with you."
"Of course it is," he said. "Consider the money I made while you were gone. It was due, in part, to your work."
"Well, brothers will do that," John admitted. There was another silence. "Look," he said, "I don't care if you used to snort coke—"
"To the new year," said he, lifting his glass and handing me mine. We touched rims and sipped, and I smiled at the pink flush of heat rising in his face.
Instantly the man's attention was on John, sharp grey eyes scanning from John's outstretched hand up his arm to his face, then down at his jacket, jeans, and shoes. John looked back. If this was the guy Mike had thought John needed to meet, John wasn't terribly upset. He was easy on the eyes, that was for sure. John took in the soft black curls that brushed his forehead, the sharp angle of his cheekbones and the pink moue of his mouth. He wore no tie, despite the quality of his suit, or perhaps because of the experiment with the green goo, and his crisp white shirt was undone at the collar. John allowed himself a moment of appreciation for the shadow of his Adam's apple, and then looked up again into his eyes, where the hint  of a smile was just visible.
That he would not extend me the same courtesy at night rankled. I wanted him to rely on me, to come with me, not to be so damned stubborn. His pride was keeping him scrounging for coins, eating half as often as he ought to, and sleeping rough two nights out of ten.
“Ugh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock snorted, picking up the next plate, “have these people ever seen a tomato in their lives? Whoever did this is out.”
“When you said, ‘we’re going for a drink’,” John said, craning his neck up at the stone carvings above the door, “you meant we’re going to Vintners Hall.”
I remember being jealous that Watson thought so highly of being married. I remember remarking that we were practically married ourselves.
Sherlock got up and waved John into the apartment kitchen, which now looked even less like the kitchen downstairs and more like the lab Sherlock wanted to build. There were beakers and pipettes and flasks everywhere, and a microscope was sitting in the middle of the table. Sherlock pushed the mess aside and put a cutting board down in its place. He opened the fridge and rummaged around, coming up with a surprising array of fresh vegetables, considering how often Mrs Hudson scolded him about the sorry state of his pantry: onions, carrots, celery, peppers, garlic. Six tomatoes from a bowl on the sideboard joined the pile on the table, and Sherlock handed John a knife.
"John," I said softly, and saw Watson jump, "we don't have to do it here. We could go back and… my brother will insist on Westminster, of course…"
When they reached him, Sherlock had forgotten all about his annoyance. He pointed out two champagnes that he wanted John to compare, and watched John intently as he tried them. Then he made him try two more and compare those.
Mycroft was waiting for me when I awoke. He was fully dressed and breakfast was on the table. I slunk away to the wash room to dress in my day-old clothes— at least they were from the club, so I looked halfway respectable— and came back still feeling grimy, wrinkled, and unrested.
"I should get back," John said, pushing away from the little table. "Sherlock's been going a bit mental about the menu and he'll need me to talk him out of turning everything into foam."
Holmes was silent for a long time, staring into the empty fireplace. He'd stopped pacing finally and come to sit beside me; I was almost close enough to touch his knee. The cigarette had gone out, but he was still holding it loosely in his hand.
I hummed. He was warm and solid beside me, and the pressure of his hand on my biceps shifted minutely as we walked. His walking stick tapped on the ground. We came upon a bench, and although we'd only been walking a few minutes, I said, "Will you sit with me?"
, he thought at once. Sherlock smelled like the kitchen, the aroma of his pear and pickle experiment still lingering in his curls, overlaying the scent of his shampoo. His knee bumped against John's thigh; it was warm where they touched.
I am guilty of this myself, as evidenced by my willingness to lock us both in a toilet at a club and have my way with him. I press one last kiss to his collarbone and kneel.
The warmth of our flat after such an outing was like stepping into a welcoming embrace, and I shed my coat and boots with a groan and headed straight for the fire. Holmes traded his jacket for his blue dressing gown, toed his slippers out from under his desk, and went to pour a  brandy for each of us.
"All right," I said. I fingered the corner of my jaw. I had never been particularly good at growing facial hair, and usually only shaved every few days. Still, there was enough of a hint of stubble to be worth the efforts.
"You want to go home," it says, closing the door. Darkness engulfs us, save for the shining panel of controls. "Right?"
But something strange was happening. Holmes, who could usually outpace the members of the criminal class, was struggling to keep up, and in a moment I was gaining on him. He was weaving, one hand pressed to his ribs.
"Don't talk to me about finances," Sherlock replied, obviously annoyed, "it's disgusting. Is it even safe for you to be here, in your delicate condition?"
He was in his new bed, the one upstairs at 221B. Sherlock hadn't been anything near tired when John was ready to sleep, so he'd gone up and crawled between his own sheets alone. He still needed to give notice on his bedsit in Bermondsey, but a few of his belongings had started to make their way over.
I knew very well what I was about, but I smiled around his prick and touched him again. The sea-salt taste of him intensified; he was beginning to squirm. As slow as I might go, he wasn’t going to last. I worked my finger in and out, relishing his soft moans. His hips rocked, pushing his prick deeper into my mouth.
I looked down at myself, against my better judgement, knowing perfectly well that I was decent. "John--"
Mycroft shook his head at me. "Don't waste this," he said. "Divorce is an ugly process, and requires allegations against one or both of you that are unflattering and unbelievable. With your history as friends and your public visibility as colleagues, and the newness of the legal precedent, you'll have a difficult time untangling yourselves again."
"Fine, but in your state you're not fit to be supervising alone." John had been in the flat upstairs, working fruitlessly on the website, with the muffled sounds of the kitchen coming through the ductwork. He'd been a little jealous that Sherlock got to be down in the middle of it. Now he could really enjoy it, and for a good cause, too.
"Hang on a minute," John said, holding up both hands and noticing that the left one was indeed very steady. "If you do in fact know who I am, you must be aware of the situation surrounding my desire to
Instead, he heard his own connecting door open and close, and John moving around inside his bedroom. Then he heard the squeak of his bed springs as John got in.
"Those things will kill you," John said to him when he ducked back in through the kitchen door and sidled up to the prep table where John was standing. Toni and Paul kept their heads down, focused on the prep they were doing. The oysters were a loss, so John had them shelling peas just for something to do. "You should probably quit."
"Holmes?" I called, turning around in surprise. Who else could it be? I got up and hurried out into the hall. No one else had stirred; I pulled the street door open and looked out. "Holmes!"
"Goodness," Watson said, "no, not all the time." He laughed, embarrassed. "I was just thinking how lovely it feels to be freshly shaven and, and your cheek against mine, and then I began to imagine other things." He swallowed. "We don't have to. It's not an imperative. I don't want or need anything. You're splendid as you are, every bit of you."
Sherlock nodded sharply and stepped into the sitting room. He was barely ten feet from John, and yet John got the sense that he was quite a bit further away. His posture was aggressive, his shoulders back and his chin up, and John felt suddenly awkward to be standing by the window with his cup of coffee as if he belonged there.
They had a break for lunch, ordered in from a nearby restaurant, and Sherlock and John left the group to mingle. They went back through the kitchen to the little room by the fridges that served as John's new office.
"Holmes" Watson said softly, and I opened my eyes to look at him. He was concentrating unnecessarily hard on my right mandible. "Is there anywhere else you'd…" He was blushing. "You'd like me to shave?"
Sherlock eased a third finger into him, but his patience was apparently reaching its limit for he only worked it in and out a few times before he was pulling out altogether. John heard him tear open a condom wrapper and shut the bedside table drawer, fumble for a moment, and then his right hand, the clean hand, settled on John's tailbone. The touch of his cock head against John's hole made John moan—he was so wet, so fucking eager, body clenching down on nothing and wanting quite the opposite.
My fears were all realized in 1888, when the case that would alter the course of my career introduced him to the late Mary Watson née Morstan. She was a lovely young woman, and in another circumstance I could perhaps have admired her, but she caught Watson's eye and I knew immediately that this was something different.
"He needs you," Sarah said. She tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and rested her elbows on the bar across from John. "He's a genius, that's for certain, but he needs someone like you to keep him grounded, keep him on track. Otherwise he'd spent his whole time dreaming up things that
What he was, exactly, he never said, but I obeyed, drawing back to plunge my fingers deeper, faster, the wet, sucking sound of his body engulfing me loud enough to make me blush. He frigged himself rapidly, moans slipping out between his clenched teeth. I moved back to his neck, tucking my nose against his hammering pulse.
I’m shivering. The machine comes around the car and drapes my Inverness around my shoulders. Against my will, I tuck my arms into the sleeves and pull it into position.
In the dark, visibility was reduced to almost nil; I could feel Holmes fidgeting beside me, but I could barely see him except for the pale suggestion of his bare hands. Our breath, steaming out in the cold, might have given us away on a clear night. Not so tonight. The waxing moon above us gave off a feeble glow, and my old war wound was aching deeply from the extended inactivity.
"Going somewhere?" it asks. The sound of its voice—his voice—tears a hole in the middle of my chest.
"All right," John said, "I went to the loo and then I talked to Sarah about how's she's getting on with the bar. It took about six minutes, so don't try that intimidation stuff with me. Are they done in there already?"
When he appears in the doorway, cleared for duty and as pawky as ever, I am faced with the truth. I care for it— him— this machine. It is not the Watson I used to have, but it is as close to Watson as I am ever going to have again. It does not remember every argument we ever had, or every time we made love, but what person does? I will take the gaps in its knowledge and fill them with affection rather than scorn.
John stood up, a little awkwardly, and adjusted himself in his jeans. His cock was straining against the leg of his trousers. Sherlock's own erection stood out unashamedly from his body, constrained only in the most abstract sense by his trousers. John glanced down at it, blushed, and took Sherlock's hand.
This time when he kissed me, it was clear who was taking the initiative. I let myself be kissed, opened, invaded, moaning my relief into his mouth. His hands were strong on my jaw, pulling me closer, and I found myself clinging to his upper arms. I let go and plunged my hands beneath the water to have my prize.
Then that foppish Oscar Wilde got caught up in the strange debacle with his lover and his lover's father, and all at once sodomy was legal and, not only that, apparently encouraged.
He was hinting at something, John decided. Sherlock's quickly reddening face confirmed it. John disliked it, whatever it was.
"You are a saint," said he. "If you have errands to run, please feel free to do so. I think we will be occupied for a while."
"What was the street? Cobbles? Macadam?" He reached out to clasp my other hand in his, imploring me to think.
"I mean," she said, as the silence grew uncomfortable, "all this molecular gastronomy's your business, isn't it? John's the management. That's what he said. He's not got
He kissed me again. “And I’m an absolute mess, thanks to you. If you won’t join me, I don’t care, but go and fill my tub or I’ll eat all the bread before you get home.”
I blushed and had to kiss his smiling lips. He kissed back at once, clinging to my fingers. He is a very sensual man, easily aroused when he is in the right mood. I could tell he was in such a mood now. He was interested in my seduction, and I intent on seducing. I let go of his hand to wrap my arm around his waist, pulling him against me. He murmured against my lips, and I heard the clink of his glass being set down on the mantle. Then his hands found the back of my neck, pulling me closer still. His tongue flickered between my lips, touching my tongue. He tilted his head, changing the angle of our kisses, and a blaze of heat went through me. I fisted my hand in his dressing gown for stability.
The cooks were also having to share the ovens and the hobs, which they did with a little bit of friction. They were on their best behaviour, but it was obvious that a few of them wanted to hog the space. Morton in particular was taking up more room than his aubergine really needed. John made a note.
"We're going to go over the menu," Sherlock said, sweeping past him in his magnificent coat and climbing into the cab.
"We'll put benches along the wall, there," Sherlock said, "and at least three little two-cover tables in the window. The bar will go under the stairs, all along there, up to that service window in the back."
"Once," said he. "In the war. When we were moving camps, and something happened to the supply. We were two days without fresh water, and some of the boys got sick drinking out of a ditch." He blinked. "They died."
Sherlock watched John while they ate: the quick, methodical way he consumed his food, accustomed to eating standing up during a break in service, despite his years at a high level of management; the suggestion of grey in his fair hair; the visible appreciation on his face of the flavour and texture; the flex of his fingers around the fork; the quirk of his eyebrow when his eyes met Sherlock's. Sherlock found himself blushing, but he made himself maintain the eye contact until John's face flushed and he looked away. Sherlock had regretted kissing him— sucking him off against the fucking door like they had no self control— but more than that he regretted not kissing him more. He'd panicked, afterwards. The Work came first.
Sherlock Holmes took a last drag on the cigarette, flicked it neatly into the grate, and tucked himself into the crook of my arm and shoulder. He lay his long arm across my middle; the hair on his chest tickled my ribcage. He pressed a kiss below my ear and sighed contentedly. The clock on the mantle in the sitting room whirred in preparation, and then its clear chime began to sound.
Sherlock returned to exploring the scar with his mouth, cataloguing its texture with his tongue, measuring how much pressure John could stand. "Really, it's absolutely amazing.  All this repair, and you're not even doing anything."
John got in after him, and had to sit in the rear-facing seat to accommodate Sherlock's whims. “Some people have recipes digitised," he said as they pulled away from the restaurant.
The waiter arrived with our usual wine before I could reply, and we sat in silence as it was poured. When he was gone, I took up the glass and sipped, savoring it, buying myself some time and composure. Watson watched me with more than his usual attention.
When he subsided, he let out a great sigh and his grip on the sides of my head relaxed. He stroked my hair apologetically. I pulled off with a wet noise and wiped my mouth on his bare thigh. His cock twitched as I eased my finger out of him.
"Mike," the man said, and this must have been the man Mike had promised him, "can you hand me that thermometer?"
, with the footage of the place the day after it burned? Everyone's going to have seen that. What a disaster. Who's going to want to open a new restaurant with me?"
The deconstructed caprese experiment started in complete silence, as all the cooks remaining bent over their allotted square of prep table and read the recipe. Again they were going to have to share the ingredients among them, but Sherlock had ordered in enough pipettes and rubber tubing for everyone. John was tempted to jump in and do his own version, just to give the noodle thing another go. He'd have to get Sherlock to show him again.
"Well," John said, "I spent a semester in Afghanistan during university, and one of the things I took away was an appreciation for the cool days of spring, and for the way they prepare meat. I knew the pistachios would go well with the lamb, and the cous-cous was included to complete the meal without making it too heavy a dish."
"I don't even care what you have planned to pair it with, or if it sits in the back until we have to go through it ourselves."
"Jesus. All right." John's tea was cool enough to drink now, so he did. Sherlock sipped at his own mug contemplatively, watching John, until John lowered his cup.
"Do shut up," I laughed, and eased myself off of him to lay at his side. He rolled with me, stretching himself along the length of my body. He gripped my cock again and leaned over me, pressing kisses to my temple and cheek.
Sherlock said, "I'm going to start them on the shellfish bisque, and they'll look busy in the background."
"Well, maybe, but the space is ideal," John said. "The building is deeper than it looks from the front, and we've got plenty of space for a really state-of-the-art kitchen."
I bit down on the knuckle of my first finger as I pulled at my cock, his low, steady voice washing over me. He read slowly and deliberately, glancing at my face and my working hand for feedback. I closed my eyes, picturing the boys vividly as they stroked one another. I circled the head of my prick with my fingers and rubbed it fast and hard as the narrator and his friend worked themselves up to the peak. Watson’s hand found my thigh, and then slipped between my legs to squeeze my bollocks. Surprised pleasure arced through me and I cried out as I spurted, my thighs flexing, my shirt ruined.
"Because we need to talk about your inappropriate and totally unnecessary jealous streak," John said, taking off his coat and hanging it up behind the sitting room door.
"Fuck," John muttered, obeying. His middle finger dipped inside Sherlock's body, too shallow, too slim.
Mycroft was disgruntled by being knocked up at this hour, but I went to see him so infrequently that he knew something was wrong. He appeared in his nightshirt and dressing gown, a nightcap upon his head.
“I suppose you’d like some sort of definitive conclusion,” he said, rocking his hips again. The bulk of his groin rubbed along the line of my cock, and I shuddered.
John looked at him, really looked, and he could see the chef that everyone threw fits about, the one that picked fights with chefs he deemed incompetent and made a manager almost punch him. But he also could see the man who was tired of being
"Two people would be noticed," he said. "I'm going to stop at my bolthole in Eastcheap for a change of clothes."
"Watson—" he began, and then before I could correct him he laughed and said, "John. Do you— may I kiss you again?"
"Certainly not," Mycroft said. He had an umbrella in his left hand, and he leaned upon it now. "I'd expect nothing less from my brother; he is very closed-mouthed when it comes to important subjects."
He was very precise with it, as with everything he does, his brow furrowed in concentration and his hands steady. He’d had those hands all over me last night, and in some places I could still feel the pressure of them. I rolled onto my back, still watching him, and pushed one hand under my head to improve my angle. The other hand I found was drawn downwards, beneath the quilt, until it rested atop the jut of my erection through my nightshirt.
I awoke from a deep, dreamless sleep and found my companion long gone. The other side of the bed was warmed only by the late morning sun, but I could hear soft sounds in the sitting room that suggested he was only on the other side of the door. The week’s labors seemed to have fallen from my shoulders, and now my only concern was reciprocation. I owed him one. Possibly two.
competition last year, is a well-liked if unimaginative sort of cook, who gained his fame through reliable recipes and his classically British stiff upper lip, as well as the presence of his loose-cannon sister and former business partner, Harry Watson. Holmes, on the other hand, is famous on YouTube for his vicious if amusing verbal assaults on fellow cooks, and his website is filled with assertions that molecular gastronomy, a fad the food business gave up on five years ago, is the way of the future. What brings them together, then? Holmes can't keep a job, and Watson's burned to the ground.
He places my hand upon his round shoulder and slides his palm up my ribs. I shiver at his touch. My blood pounds in my veins. This is deviant behavior more extreme than I have ever exhibited; of course Watson would be involved.
"We can do it in the morning," John said. "What else is there to get ready? You're the one with the menu. A little time alone to make some decisions might be good for you."
In my head, I heard him say, “Holmes,” softly, like a breath of air, and I imagined his hand where mine was, his lips on mine. I imagined being pressed to the settee by the weight of his strong, lean body, and feeling him shake as he neared his peak, frigging himself roughly as he rocked back on my prick.
"I did not," I admitted, glancing at it. It was closed but I doubted it was locked, if coffee had already been brought up. I did not stop fondling him, all the same, and was gratified to feel his cock twitch in encouragement.
As he walked by the two cooks making a roasted beetroot salad, he overheard the younger one, Hopkins, saying, "I don't care what he makes us do today, Sherlock Holmes is a bloody genius."
Holmes's mouth was pinched tight with annoyance, or discomfort; I wasn't sure which. "Well, we have his gang. That will have to suffice for now."
He hadn’t seen that yet; with his back to me he really could only see my face. I bit my lip, hoping it might give him a hint, but he was focused on his razor once more. He shaved his cheek, the corner of his jaw, and I watched him carefully measure the length of his sideburns with the flat of the blade. Then he wiped the traces of shaving lather off his face with the towel, feeling for rough places. He found two, reapplied the soap, and scraped them down to the skin. The wet cloth followed, and then he bent close to the mirror to trim the bristle of his moustache with a pair of short scissors.
“This way,” the machine says, turning aside. I follow it along the cliff edge for a quarter of a mile, and we come to a long set of wooden stairs. The body I visited here in last would never stand the descent, but this new one makes no protestations.
We pulled up at a warehouse that was swarming with police, and Holmes at once started in on scolding Lestrade for allowing the place to be trampled by so many boots. He didn't wait for a rejoinder and was out of the cab the moment it stopped. The Inspector and I followed at a respectful distance as Holmes hurried up and down the muddy gravel yard, looking for information and muttering to himself.
D'Arcy squeezed my hand and then reached over me for Watson's. "Quite well, quite well," said he. He was a short, robust chap with a broad face, bushy moustache, and a keen look in his eye. He stood over us with his thumbs hooked in his belt. "We have extracted a confession from our man," he said.
He went down on one elbow above me, laughing against my mouth, and tipped his head back. “You’re quite serious,” he said, looking into my eyes.
"In the grand scheme of your friendship, it was not very long ago," Mycroft said. "He may still find that the reminder of it pains him, and unfortunately you are the reminder of it."
watch one another's tables, especially with an intention such as ours. They'll want to know what's coming next."
Then the blade entered the picture. He did the left side of my face first, carefully scraping away the soap foam and the hair with it. He was infinitely patient with my upper lip, imploring me to make several ridiculous and necessary faces, and treated my lower lip and chin with the same care. His hands were gently confident, and his work with the razor could have paralleled any barber of my choosing. I felt like soft clay in his hands, manipulated and massaged, and I marvelled that I hadn't asked him to do this before. It was like having an itch scratched: at once magnificent and slightly unsatisfying.
“That’s how many people they lost when I wrote you had died,” he murmurs, easing his hand out from between us and retrieving his handkerchief from his sleeve. He cleans his fingers off and gives me a cursory wipe.  “Five hundred thousand people know who I belong to.” He balls up the handkerchief and stuffs it into my pocket— charming. His hands are gentle as he tucks me away and does up the buttons. “Every month for three years, five hundred thousand people read about you, but what they were really reading was me watching you. Admiring you. Worshipping you.”
Sherlock glared at him, hands on hips. They were stripped down to their shirts, sweating with the effort of moving the appliances around and arguing at the same time.
John's head rolled back and his lips parted; he watched Sherlock from beneath his eyelashes, and Sherlock had to kiss him. John met him with fervour, groaning around Sherlock's tongue. His hands tightened on Sherlock's hips, holding him still for a moment to hammer into him, and then releasing him and modulating his rhythm to keep Sherlock on edge.
Then he took pity on Sherlock and sat back again, embracing Sherlock's long legs and rising up on his knees to finish him off. Sherlock stroked himself quickly, desperate now, the delayed orgasm rushing back with a vengeance. His cock swelled in his hand, and he grabbed at John's arm, his shoulder, his arse.
"It doesn't matter what it was," John said, "it was rude and unnecessary, and you don't get to talk to my sister that way."
Holmes leaned over and bit my lip, as if promising nothing of the sort, and as we kissed he rolled so that he was entirely on top of me. His body was a comfortable, welcome weight all along my chest and belly; I relaxed into the sensation of being... not captive, exactly, but captivated. He rolled his hips against mine, driving our pricks together, and our kisses faltered and became more frantic. We rocked slowly together, the heat building, until he stopped all at once and pushed up on his elbows to look down into my face.
John put the chopped oregano into a medium-sized bowl along with a teaspoon of turmeric, a pinch each of sea salt and black pepper, and two tablespoons of oil. He mixed it with a fork and threw the chicken in, tossed it to coat the chicken, and let it alone to marinate.
His body was warm beside mine in the seat, and I was reminded of the sensation of sharing a bed with him. I hadn't kissed him since we were married, and I itched to do it again.
"They have to be perfect," Sherlock said. "Fine, give me the list of dishes you've chosen and I'll start the cooks to practicing them."
Mycroft ignored Sherlock, and turned to John with a cool, oily smile. "Mycroft Holmes," he said, bowing his head slightly in a distant show of respect that John didn't buy for a second. "It's good to finally meet you. I've heard absolutely nothing about you."
There was a pause, in which I waited for him to answer the first question. When he did not, I said, "You must stay at Baker Street tonight."
A little desperate noise slipped out between my teeth, and I opened my eyes to look down at myself: my hand circling my prick, the red tip poking out above my fingers, gleaming in the light from the fire. I began to frig myself slowly, my hips rocking on the settee to push through my fist. My nipples were hard beneath my shirt, and pinching them made my cock twitch in my grip. I was leaking, so aroused my fingers were slick, and my fist moved faster and faster as I squirmed and rocked.
"Strangely enough," John said, "those are not really the only things I take into consideration when embarking on a sexual relationship." How Sherlock had picked up on and then decided to identify John’s preferences was another conversation they would definitely be having later, probably at the same volume they were having this conversation.
Lloyd jerked his head, and Hopkins came forward with the keys. He unlocked the door, and then Watson’s cuffs, and Watson stepped out of the cell. He was standing up very straight, his chin up, but he was limping. I took his arm and led him away from the cell door to a seat along the wall. He sat and I knelt at his feet, hoping to take a closer look at his injuries. He turned his face away, his jaw tense. His eyelashes sparkled with moisture.
"Mm," John said finally, when Sherlock's cock was soft between them and he was overdue to pull out. He reached low to hold onto the condom as he moved away, and Sherlock passed him a tissue to wrap it in. He heard it rustle as it hit the bin. John's hips stayed nestled against his, his curly hair tickling the tender skin of Sherlock's backside, his belly against Sherlock's belly. Sherlock kissed his shoulder, his neck, and his mouth, tasting the difference.
Staring at the ceiling of my Baker Street bedroom, I wondered suddenly, had we kissed after the ceremony? If something like
Eventually, somewhere between Northampton and Milton Keynes, Holmes folded up the paper, tossed it onto the still-unoccupied seat across from us, and put his head down upon my shoulder. He dozed like that until we re-entered the boundaries of the city, and I sat as still as I could lest he slip off or pull away. I didn't know what else to do.
"I'm sure she will.  I'd expect nothing less, actually.  Eighteen months after the demise of your mutual business venture, and already you're hopping into bed with someone else."
Eighteen months after the fire, Fifth Northumberland was long gone, but the building had been rapidly rebuilt and resold, and now a new restaurant stood in its place. John hardly recognised the facade as he squinted at it, the January air biting at his exposed skin. His shoulder was aching and he held it close to his body, huddling into his coat. He'd come here four times since he started physio, watching the progress on the repairs, but the sight of the new restaurant turned his stomach. It was real, now. They hadn't just been fixing the place up for him and Harry again.
I turned on him. The poor chap. He’d make a decent officer some day, but just then I needed him terrified.
John smirked at him. "You didn't have a plan," he accused. He leaned in, dragging his lips up Sherlock's throat to the point of his chin, then kissing his mouth gently. Sherlock exhaled a little puff of air and kissed John in return, lingering. His tongue touched John's lips, and John let him in, pulling him closer by the back of his stiff white coat. Sherlock was already hard, his erection pressing between John's legs, and John gave a little shove of his hips that made Sherlock groan.
I couldn't get any more clarification out of him after that, so we lapsed into thoughtful silence for the rest of the journey.
He took a scenic route through Soho Square on the way to Tottenham Court Road, rather than brave the Oxford Street shoppers again. He was halfway across, going around the pagoda, when he heard his name. He turned, surprised, looking around in confusion, when Mike Stamford, of all people, popped up in front of him.
"Find us a condom and I will," John said. Sherlock was off his lap in an instant, rummaging in the dresser. There had to be some
I meant to hint at it, to suggest he imagine what it might be like to watch the person you love marry someone else for the benefit of those same legal protections, or to imply that it was terrifying coming back from the dead and not knowing whether someone might want to pick up where you left off, but instead I blurted, "We should get married."
Sherlock made a noise of disgust. "But what happened to the prize money from the show? Surely that didn't burn as
"I should," John said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder toward the bridge across the Thames and the distant South Bank. It was after nine, and the early morning start they'd had was dragging on him.
He glanced at me sideways, trying to see if I was joking or not. I wasn't, not really. I hadn't planned on marrying again at all, and I certainly wasn't going to after this. This was it, even if I'd been right about our pragmatical reasoning.
John had called back a few more people than he really wanted to keep, but group cohesiveness was as important as cooking skill; the latter they could develop, but not easily without the former. He'd deliberately mixed up people who had worked with Sherlock before (Barton, Hopkins, Forbes, MacDonald, and Patterson had all crossed paths with him during his brief stints at various restaurants) and the ones who had only heard of him (Dimmock, Gregson, Jones, Bradstreet, Morton, Montgomery, and Gregory), but so far he was pleased to see that they were all behaving themselves in Sherlock's presence. They wouldn't be here, doing the
“I meant to stay out until dinner,” said he, taking off his coat and hanging it up, “but the waiter at Duncan’s spilled a coffee on me and I’ve come home to change my shirt.”
We let the wagon depart and then stepped onto the path behind it. Watson’s limp was not very pronounced tonight, which meant that he hadn’t been out for very long. That gladdened me.
I stroke the back of his thigh, pressing my finger deeper, and soon I can work it shallowly in and out,  fucking him as he fucks me. My mouth is stretched wide, his cock just touching the back of my throat when he thrusts in.
, and I'm not sure if you're aware, exactly, given the state of things, but I'm not really able to wait around any longer. I haven't worked in eighteen months, and I'm broke, and I'm bored, and if I'm not careful I could be out on the streets soon, or
Under the steady, quick rise-and-fall of John’s knife, the bruise-purple and blood-red heirloom tomatoes were diminishing in size until they were reduced to a brunoise. He had “naked salsa” in mind for them: tossed with a little lime juice and topped with a sprinkling of coriander, they would pair perfectly with the guacamole, chicken, and other tortilla fillings.
It fit like a short vest: sleeveless, with wide shoulder straps, a round neckline, and its hem at the bottom of his ribs. Up both sides were grommets and laces which tightened until the edges of the corset touched and his breasts were flattened into oblivion. He'd had a few such garments specially fitted to give him the silhouette I was used to seeing in public. Still, I was convinced that he was doing himself a disservice by abusing the lacing.
John picked up the bowl of half-mashed guacamole, extracted the immersion blender, and set to mashing by hand. It resulted in a more rustic texture than initially planned, but he decided that would work. With the handmade tortillas and the shredded chicken, plus Harry's story about her Mexican sojourn, rustic was good.
I hadn't expected things to change, now that we were married. It was a marriage of convenience, and yet everything we did together took on a new meaning, even (especially) the mundane things. Sitting with him over breakfast meant I was sitting with my husband, not only my very good friend and colleague. Arguing with him over the results of some scientific experiment that was outlined in the
I put my hand over it. He sucked in a breath and the muscles in his thighs flexed. I gripped his prick through the fabric and rubbed, earning myself another squirm and whine. He had spread his arms, one along the back of the settee and one dangling over the edge, giving me easy access to his long body. He gripped the cushion beneath him as he rocked into the pressure of my hand.
"Did you come here just to verbally abuse me," John asked, "or did you actually need something?" He wasn't going to give her the row that she wanted. If she had something to say to him, fine; if not, he was going to call her a cab and show her out. He wondered if Clara knew where she was, or if that had anything to do with anything.
fine. It was golden and crispy on the outside, and when Harry cut into it, the inside was white and perfect. John turned the blender on again. There was a camera coming their way: distress always drew the attention of the judges and the producers.
"Er," John said, "what we're really proud of is how smoothly the whole process has been, putting the restaurant together. We were really lucky to find such a perfect spot that was available—"
I had two fingers in him now, crooked slightly to tug at his inner walls. I rolled my thumb back and forth across the head of his clitoris, and then worked it in a circle until he gasped. My mouth was full of his sensitive left nipple, and at a hint of teeth he would whine and shudder. The tension in his body was rising; I could feel it in the aborted thrusts of his hips and the tightness of his fist in my hair. His other hand squeezed his right breast roughly; the one I couldn't reach. I rocked my hips, pushing my cock against the side of his hip, leaving a wet smear on his skin.
“The point is,” I said, kissing him again and stroking my hands down his firm chest, “I’ve a debt to pay. Would you care to come back to bed?”
"You need to sleep," John told him, ten days before 221 was due to open. "This is unacceptable." The kitchen was busy with cooks working on a risotto and glass potato crisps; the heat and noise were a comfort, like sinking into a hot bath.
"Well," John said, flustered, his hands still hovering, "I wasn't exactly anticipating this reaction, but, er—"
I was never meant to be a widower. The honey was never supposed to work. They dragged me back from oblivion with a tube down my throat and assigned me an impossible task: to comprehend the future, and to live with what I had done.
The scenes in the book went from one outrageous fuck to the next, without much of a break, but that was rather the point. Once the narrator had done with the ward, he moved right on into an encounter with an older man at a Turkish bath. I was certain I had visited the very same bath, and with Watson no less, so it was even easier to picture the two of us. I squeezed my prick through my trousers, kneading the flesh as it stiffened, my eyes fixed to the page. The scene had an edge of danger to it, since the narrator was in the public bath, but it was clear they wouldn’t be interrupted. The narrator allowed the older man to penetrate him, and the image of them standing in an alcove rutting, the narrator singing the praises of the long prick that fucked him, was what made me open my trousers.
They found a low table to huddle together over, and when their food came it nearly filled the space. Mary had left shortly after the fire and gone back to Leeds. Her dad hadn't been well at the time, and, once released from her obligations of showing up to work, she'd disappeared quicker than John could have expected.
I took it and drank deeply. It was good wine. I was certain we weren't appreciating it to its fullest. Watson took it back and put his mouth where mine had been, and I felt my body flush hot and then cold.
As I ate, I tried to think on the night before, but my head hurt a great deal. I remembered sitting down to dinner with Holmes, in high spirits after the rescue of Sir George Duncan. The innkeeper had plied us with wine and brandy, in gratitude, and we had eaten well. Sir George and his wife Lady Harriet were toasted and celebrated, being beloved among the townspeople— or at least tolerated and appreciated for their efforts to to maintain the ancient family estate— and we were lauded for rescuing the young man from certain death.
He lifted his mouth away to watch his first finger disappear into my body. He swallowed hard, his eyes dark and intent. That finger moved in and out of me slowly, warming up the second sphincter, and I let the heat and pleasure ripple up my spine. I slid my heels farther apart. His mouth found the inside of my knee, where he kissed and then nibbled me gently. Then he bent over me again, braced with one hand on the bed at my hip, and took my prick into his mouth once more. His searching finger sank deep, touching that spot inside me that made me groan aloud.
I smiled and kissed his lips. "As you wish." He’d been sorely tried today; even though his sudden collapse this morning had been an affectation, the wrenched wrist and attempted strangulation had been very real.
Sherlock growled and got up close behind John, wrapping both arms around him. One was a tight band around John's middle, holding him securely, while the other ended up low, Sherlock's warm, deliciously slick hand curling around John's prick. Sherlock's cock slid between John's cheeks and rubbed against his bollocks. John's teasing dissolved at once and he bowed his head, baring his neck to Sherlock. Sherlock bit him, at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, and stroked him slowly, his hand tight. Water sluiced down Sherlock's shoulders and dripped onto John's.
Harry winked at him, grinning and cheeky, and went to prepare the griddle. John looked at the chicken, then at the guacamole, the salsa, and the beans that were soaking and still needed to be cooked. Everything in Mexico was eaten mashed anyway, he thought. He'd never been there. He doubted many of the judges had been. The rice, simmering gently on the hob, caught his attention again. If he forgot about it for too long it would be ruined.
"What kind of car is that?" he asked, going to the window as soon as the door had closed. He watched as it drove away, deeply suspicious.
I felt him smile. He turned his head, nuzzling his unshaven cheek against mine, and said, “And I don’t blame you for it.”
“There was more to him than what he wrote down, regardless of how incorrigible a diarist he was.” I say, sullen. “Go away. Leave me alone. Don’t come back.”
The outsides of our thighs were pressed together, although I seemed to remember that we usually managed to leave space between us. I didn't move away; neither did he. When we arrived at the restaurant, he opened the apron and got out, leaving a vacuum of cold air in his wake. Then, to my surprise, he offered me his hand as I stepped down. I took it, pressing our palms together, and his mouth twitched in a stifled smile. We were slow to let go. He held the door for me going into the restaurant, and when the host saw us we were whisked away to a table by the window, ahead of the queue.
He was in the pub downstairs, eating a sandwich and reading a broadsheet. I fully intended to walk up to him, purr, "Hello, husband," and kiss him then and there in front of everyone.
We kissed as I touched him, lips sliding together, tongues just brushing. He was making soft noises in his throat. His hips churned, rocking into the pressure of my hand even as the muscles in his stomach tensed to keep himself in control. I was so focused on him that my own arousal was an afterthought, something building and growing in the background. I knew when he finally touched me in return it would not be long at all before my own crisis.
“Oh, it doesn’t matter,” Watson said. “You know I find helping you considerably more fulfilling, even when you do come out of nowhere. Are the police on their way?”
“No, thank you, Inspector,” I said, plucking at my damp collar and flapping my unbuttoned coat. “I think we shall walk. Watson?”
The crowd itself looked a little thin and unintimidating; they didn’t keep the hardened criminals out in the open like this. They also looked a little annoyed I’d just called them ‘abominable.’
“We’ve still got tomorrow,” John said, giving him a pat. “We’ll see who can come up with not-rubbish under pressure. We’ve got weeks yet. It’ll be fine.”
I finished my breakfast while Lestrade gave us some more particulars, although eating during his story was not one of the better decisions I've ever made. Holmes asked a few more questions while I finished my toilet, and then we were climbing into a four-wheeler and making our way across the river. Lestrade and I were silent while Holmes gazed out the window, deep in thought. The clear weather had followed us back to the city, and the sun shone in the sky, promising the return of the summer warmth. I had started to dream of staying out in the country; the heat of summer brought the pungent aroma of London up from the depths of the Thames, and the smog would be hanging in the air again soon. I thought about Ferrymore Bridge and its clean air, its light skies, and the sinister opinion Holmes had of the countryside. Perhaps he'd take convincing to move out of London with me. Perhaps since we were married now, the convincing wouldn't be so arduous.
"Is this the part where I make you breakfast?" Sherlock asked, pouring. He sounded casual, almost flippant, but John caught a flash of uncertainty on his face as he put the cap back on.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes at him while he wasn’t looking, but she took the hint and headed for the door.  On the way out, she said to John, "You know, there's another bedroom upstairs to let, if you'll be needing two bedrooms."
"And what's that, exactly?" John asked. He rested his hands on the back of the chair, and the insides of his elbows almost brushed Sherlock's knees. "Gotten out of a couple of rotten jobs that didn't want you or your wild ideas? Taken up with a dashing, down-on-his-luck restaurateur who's going to make something of you?" He wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock's arm, brush his hair off his forehead, do something to soothe the look of sick displeasure from his face.
Sherlock's eyebrow inched up in consideration, and he made a little note on the edge of the paper. "Yes," he said, slowly. "I am."
Once he had finished hugging her back, Sherlock presented her to John, saying, "This is Mrs Hudson, the owner of the building. I mentioned her yesterday. Mrs Hudson, John Watson."
“I certainly hope so,” said I. “Shall I take it from here?” I had darbies on my belt, and I unhooked them. I bent to fasten them around Williams’s wrists, and then Watson was able to rise. I glanced at him briefly, unable to stop myself, and was selfishly glad to note that his clothing was mostly intact; only his uniform coat had been partially unfastened and his throat was bared.
Sherlock tried to watch John's interaction with Harry through the service window, but he had to maintain the flow in the kitchen and keep everyone on the rails. It was a gentler service than he expected for the rest of the restaurant's career. Everyone who came in the door tonight they had personally invited, whether it was Gregson's sister and brother-in-law or a few of John's former employees. John's parents didn't come, he noticed, but he wasn't sure if they had been invited. John didn't talk about them much, except to confirm that he did, at some point or other,
“Someone owes me a favour,” he said, and declined to elaborate. It was a long story, anyway, and some bits reflected rather badly on himself, so it was better to keep John mystified. The videos online didn’t always do him justice.
We ate in relative silence; I made sure Watson's plate was filled if it ever came close to empty, and that he drank enough coffee to fortify a battalion. Under the table, I stretched out one leg and pressed my ankle against his. Shyly, I felt him press back.
Sherlock beamed. "Goes up to five thousand RPM," he said proudly, patting it on its lid. "Second-hand from Bart's Hospital."
"And, to be transparent, very few men have ever suited me, either. I find romantic entanglements very… as motivators, they are very clear. As experiences, they are alarming and unfamiliar."
John let go and rinsed his hands, and then ducked to wet his own hair. It took Sherlock a moment to catch his breath, but as soon as he was able he pulled John in for a deep kiss. John rotated them again, giving Sherlock the chance to rinse. Sherlock did, as quickly as possible, and scrambled to return the favour, pouring John's less ridiculous shampoo into his hands and smearing them into John's hair.
Holmes had grown up in Kent, and read Chemistry at Cambridge. He had graduated at the top of his class at Ferrandi in Paris, despite repeated instances of disciplinary action and his refusal to adhere to the suggested course template. He was also suspected of being responsible for the retirement of two separate head chefs who had taught there at the time.
by twenty-two, apprenticing at restaurants in the West End soon after. John had worked his way from one tier to the next, rising to Head Chef at Alessandro's by thirty. Opening his own restaurant was the most obvious successive choice, but with his sister? Sherlock couldn’t imagine the reasoning. She must have been the one that entered them for consideration for
Of course Sherlock couldn't sacrifice a cook in the middle of dinner service without needing a replacement. The kitchen wasn't in chaos without Paul yet, but everyone had been working at a pretty good clip since they'd started and they would fall behind quickly. He couldn't let that happen.
"We're looking to hire two teams," he went on, "although we haven't entirely decided how to split them up yet, or what the shifts are going to look at. But we want the job to be reliable, enjoyable, and worthwhile. Nevertheless, the pressure is on for myself and Chef to create a quality product, a unique and exciting menu, and we need to know if you are up to the task. We're going to have three challenges for you to complete. The first one is to create a starter from the ingredients in the kitchen right now, working in teams. Chef has paired you up and I'll give you those assignments in a moment. We'll have a little break for lunch and a chat, get to know one another a little better, and then afterwards we'll be doing an individual challenge to follow a recipe of Chef's devising. Tomorrow, we'll do a test run of thirty covers for dinner, randomly selected from our tentative menu. There will be a little bit of assembly line stuff, a few opportunities for some improvisation, and we might throw a few curve balls at you."
It was ridiculous, and shameful, I thought, opening up my trousers and pushing my hand inside. The touch of my fingers on bare, hard, humid skin made my hips surge, and I drew my prick out through the gap in my drawers. It was unseemly to imagine Watson this way, even though getting on his knees for a man was something he did without hesitation. I tried not to think about the other men he had fellated, but even that wicked image made my heart pound as I manipulated the hood around my slick cock head. He was practised, and would know how to swallow a man in an instant.
"Well, you can't be expected to know, if you never look at your own fan sites," Sherlock said. "Anyway, the rest are fine. We'll interview them tomorrow."
Miraculously, Ella had a free slot, so he suffered through an hour of painful stretching and strengthening exercises. He hadn't been doing his roster of exercises at home, he realised, but she didn't scold him about it, and instead complimented the limberness of his shoulder.
He had washed, that very morning, because no one I have ever met loves a bath so much as Sherlock Holmes. He will take two in a day if not kept in check. The water heater is to blame: it can fill our copper tub in ten minutes, and Holmes paid through the nose to have it installed. Besides satisfying his catlike love of hygiene, the heat helps his long-abused knees and his bad shoulder. So I only tease him once a week for it.
"Is this…" In with both feet, John. "Is this a good idea?" He gestured with the package of bacon to the two of them. "Us? With the restaurant and… everything?"
I saw the benefit of it as soon as I got home to a quiet flat, and spent a few hours tidying. I picked up the books and papers that had gradually spread throughout the sitting room as we'd researched and followed leads, and organised them on Holmes's desk. I collected days-old dishware that had made its way to distant bookshelves and window sills and took them down to the kitchen. By the time I was done, the rooms were refreshed and I felt lighter. Holmes and I both had our roles to play, and for now mine was a supporting one. I would be here for him when he came home.
Sherlock looked around, the upturned collar of his coat brushing his cheeks. His eyes were bright. "Not really, no."
him, I just needed to keep him. "The truth is it's much more complicated than your royalties, or our furniture."
Holmes ‘hmm’ed in contemplation, lifting one hand to card through my hair. Beneath the desk, his knees drifted apart. I slipped a hand beneath his dressing gown lapel and dragged my fingers across his left nipple. It tightened at my touch, peaking beneath the fabric of his nightshirt. His back arched very slightly. I pinched the nipple gently, then harder, until his breath left him in a little gust and he said, “Well, I—“
"Well, it has caught fire once already, so I think I can be excused from thinking that, even subconsciously."
I climb out into the cold pre-dawn and stare at the behemoth where my house used to stand. It’s all glass and concrete, with little blue lights visible inside in the dark. If a child were to peek out the window now, would they wonder at a strange man and a machine staring back? Does anyone wonder at such things anymore?
Against his better judgment, Watson took me back. He agreed to move back to Baker Street, and went so far as to sell his practice.
Watson finished the scene and closed the book. I heard him put it down on the table and then the rustle of the pillows as he shifted on the settee. When I opened my eyes, he was smiling at me.
Holmes's face was glowing with triumph. "Then it wasn't Blakeley. Watson! Who could it have been? We have the gang, but our man is not accounted for." He squeezed my hand and then let go, sinking back into his seat and tapping his fingertips against his lips. More quietly, he repeated, "Who could it have been?"
His smile creased the corners of his eyes, and I saw in the gaslight that he was blushing. "The arrangements of our new life. I'm sure it won't change very much, but we can talk about it tomorrow." He pushed his chair away from the desk and crossed the room to me.
"The soft open will take place only for dinner service and consist entirely of the prix fixe menu," John said. "That will make it easier to really test the cook arrangements under a reasonable amount of pressure. You've all given me your availability for the coming week, which I appreciate; we may have you working with different people over the week to see who meshes best. Sherlock and I will be here every night. Am I missing anything?"
"You don't even know where—" I protest, but I'm already moving. I clamber into the other seat and let the machine take my place in the driver's seat.
A second finger joined the first, its introduction slow and deliberate, but as soon as he was inside he rubbed that spot again and again, sending lightning through my blood. My cock pulsed in his mouth.
"Ye-es," John said. "There was coffee, and you just said there was a lot to do today. Twenty minutes ago, that was you, wasn't it?"
"Right," John said, and gave him a little swat on the hip. "I'm going to go unlock the door, and we're going to blow some minds tonight."
I shucked my trousers altogether rather than tuck myself back in, and snapped him a jaunty salute. He snorted and gave my backside a smack as I turned away.
"I don't know," Sherlock said, putting down his mug with a thump and avoiding John's eyes. "Risk of fire? Too much bloody trouble?"
"We did it," he said as Molly let go. "Well done, everyone. Please don't forget your closing procedures; if you need them, the lists are hanging in the office, but I expect by now it should be habit."
why one of them fit my hand so well: he'd never asked me to pretend to be married for a disguise, not to him or anyone else. It was very suspicious indeed.
"I looked you up on the internet last night," he admitted, after a moment of silence which was undercut by the pleasantly homey sounds of the kettle heating up and Mrs Hudson getting out a couple of mugs.
Dear readers, thank you for coming on this very silly journey with me. I started imagining this fic in 2013, when I first saw
"I'll just make you boys a cup of tea," Mrs Hudson said, going into the flat's kitchen, the state of which was a disgrace compared to the gleaming contents of the one below it. "Just this once, mind."
Sherlock's scowl looked entrenched, but after a moment it softened. "Fine," he said. "I suppose you're right."
Sherlock sat up, swinging his legs over the edge of the sofa and planting his feet on the floor. "You will," he said. He propped his elbows on his knees and regarded John with those piercing eyes, as if he were parsing and analysing each one of John's thoughts as John had them. "Yesterday I asked you whether you'd been taken to Portland Street or UCL after the fire."
God forbid Sherlock admit he was in the wrong; he snatched the CV from John's hands, looked it over in the space of a millisecond, and handed it back. "Fine," he said. "But she'll have her own
Jennings returned, and we separated. The vicar had two young women in tow, obviously roused quickly from whatever their evening occupation was, and they both looked confused. That was understandable.
I cherish our cottage in Sussex. It affords us more privacy and quiet than we ever had in the flat at Baker Street, though that flat was where our relationship blossomed and deepened. The house in Sussex is where our partnership has seasoned. We have it all to ourselves, with windows that look out onto the sea beyond the cliffs on one side, the rolling Downs on the other, and between them our garden and Holmes’s hives. A housekeeper comes once a week to restock our ice box and dust the bookshelves, but otherwise we fend for ourselves.
“I love you,” I manage, disgracefully emotional all of a sudden. “It isn’t fair I can’t—” As I turn my face away to hide my reaction, he kisses my cheek, his lips soft and warm.
"If that bastard thinks he can come into my restaurant," Sherlock said, his eyes going wild again, "and talk to me like that, he has another thing coming. I'd like to see that irresponsible fool run a staff with a full dining room."
Talk of his wife, and subsequently his children, distracted Mike sufficiently, and John could relax a little while he listened to the mundane family stuff of someone else. They were interrupted eventually by the waiter, placed their orders, and fell into silence again when they were left alone.
"Call 999," John said, "and tell them we have a kitchen accident and they're to come in the alley. I don't want to see lights in front of the restaurant. Get someone out back to wait for it. And tell them to bloody well keep it down in the kitchen; we've got a dining room full of people we don't want to spook."
"Here's one," John said, his mouth full of toast. He pointed at the screen of his laptop as Sherlock leaned over to look. "'221 on Baker Street is a refreshing and innovative restaurant that combines the chemist's laboratory with the top London cuisine. Head Chef Sherlock Holmes remixes classic British dishes with skill and panache, delivering a deconstructed fish and chips over a series of courses that will make you rethink what the dish even means. Manager and fellow chef John Watson, a veteran of
"As you know, the first soft open is next week. The menu is ostensibly finished, although it may see some final alterations depending on the feedback that we get from guests. The chefs have all been working very hard to learn the dishes, so well done guys on picking up the new techniques. Thank you for your effort. I know Greg will be working with Sally, Philip, and the waiters to get everything sorted on the floor and with the tills and everything, and I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do with real customers in front of you. The first couple of days are going to feel insane, but remember that the soft open is for finding the kinks and working them out, so if something goes wrong please don't panic. We'll figure out a way to fix it, whatever it is.
The service window at the back of the room had a stainless steel lip about the level of John's chest, just the right height for waiters to pick up plates or trays. Through it, John took in the view of the kitchen area, which was about twice as full of equipment as it needed to be, and looked positively chocka when compared to the empty dining room.
"Mm," Sherlock confirmed. His heart was pounding, his breathing coming short. John did it again, agonisingly slowly, and Sherlock groaned deeply. "Another," he demanded, and it came out shakier than he would have liked.
The bar manager that John hired was called Sarah. She was tall and blonde and slung bottles like she'd been born to do it, and had worked in a pharmaceutical lab before she'd quit to become a bartender. She'd even experimented with some of the molecular gastronomy techniques Sherlock had mentioned. When John started to explain their objectives, she'd jumped right in with suggestions about jellification and custards and faux fruits, and he knew she was the one. John talked with her so long that Sherlock actually left the kitchen to come see what was holding him up, and when he met Sarah his face hardened into impassivity. John felt suddenly as though he had to apologise for Sherlock's coldness.
I 'hmm'ed thoughtfully, although I had nothing to offer. Holmes, knowing that, moved on. He kept pausing, frowning, and looking around at the constables that still moved in and out of the warehouse. The door hadn't been propped open, and instead each person had to open and close it himself. People were opening the door as little as possible. As I stood and watched Holmes for a few minutes, I noticed that the crowd was thinning: more people going in, fewer coming out. Something wasn't sitting right. Holmes met my gaze, and I knew he was thinking the same thing.
Harry's eyes had lit up. "Oh, no, John, if he wants to hear what I've got to say, I think that's just bloody fine. Anyway, you can stick around and hear what I've got to say to
"Pudding, John." Sherlock shifted suddenly and squirmed, digging in his back trouser pocket. John realised he was going for his phone, which was confirmed a moment later when Sherlock pulled it out and put it to his ear. "Mrs Hudson, how is the wall?"
When we arrived at Lehman Street, something in Holmes's demeanour had changed. He was on the scent once more. He strode into the receiving room of the police station, head high and eyes flashing, and we were taken at once into the interrogation room. This, I regret to say, was little more than a cell with an old wooden chair in the middle and a drain in the corner. Inspector Richardson was summoned from his lodgings nearby, and consented to Holmes leading the interrogation. Inspector Richardson was one of the ones that Holmes particularly liked because he didn't waste time challenging Holmes's methods.
John was tipsy. The tomato soup had taken the edge off the wine a bit, but the alcohol had already entered his bloodstream. In the ambient, warm light from the flat's dispersed floor lamps, Sherlock was glowing, the halo of his curly hair disarranged around his head where he'd run his long hands through it. His cheeks were pink with wine and enthusiasm for his craft, and his lips were shining where he'd been licking them. The collar of his shirt was undone, his shirtsleeves rolled up, and John's heart kicked in his chest. He looked away.
John swallowed hard and looked down at the notebook again. Stimulate the imagination, indeed. It was a physical effort not to curl his toes in Sherlock's grip. "Right," he said, and cleared his throat. "Passion fruit juice raw egg."
"Slowly," he reminded me, breathless. I obeyed, slowing almost to a crawl, which made him huff in annoyance. I moved my finger inside him and the huff turned into a gasp. "There."
"I mean, I don't have to take your shirt off if you don't want," Sherlock said, "although I'd like very much to."
"Thank you," I said softly. "I— I still can't remember any of it, but you paint a promising picture. Even if we went about it in an arse-backwards sort of way, I trust our friendship can stand up to being married."
"Stop right there," John snapped. "When you're done having a snit, you're going to really like her. She wants to make ice spheres and she knows how to do that thing with Xantham gum that suspends bits of nonsense in a cocktail glass, so you can take your assumptions and you can shove them right up your arse. I'm not hiring on a whim, here, Sherlock. I'm trying to start a business. That's what you brought me on for. If you aren't going to let me do it the way I please, you can bloody well do it yourself."
Sherlock's hands wandered, pressing against John's belly and hip, pushing his clothes aside; slipping in at the slit of his pants to cup and fondle his bollocks; wrapping two long fingers around the base of his cock and stroking while he sucked. John found himself spreading his legs wider, accommodating Sherlock's broad shoulders, and the stronger stance on the floor made him desperate to thrust. Sherlock felt it in the trembling of his hips, the way his buttocks had tightened, and nodded, giving John's hip a tug. John's breath exploded out of him, and he pushed against Sherlock's face, driving his cock deep. Sherlock went still, shoulders hunched and knees spread, holding onto John as John plunged in and out of his mouth.
"She enjoyed herself," Sherlock said again. "She might begrudge you for it anyway, but they wouldn't have stayed if they'd hated it."
My legs won't hold me up. I kneel in the grass. My forehead touches the ground, and I am curled up over the last resting place of my heart, as if I never left. This was a mistake. All of it was a mistake. There is nothing for me here, just as there was nothing when he first left me behind. I wonder if I could die of heartbreak all over again—properly this time; no preservation in honey experiments to keep me at risk of being alive again.
