If Cas was affronted by Dean’s B-Movie worthy insult, he didn’t show it. Dean was slightly disappointed, if anything. He wasn’t even dignified by a response. Frowning over at the angel, understanding dawned. Cas had his eyes closed, eyelashes fluttering slightly. He was letting go of a little control over his vessel, letting himself feel the sun. It was a weirdly intimate sight, and Dean cleared his throat. “All right, what do you want? More Elvis?”
"Not like that," Cas whispers hoarsely. Dean's eyes widen and then their lips touch. Gently, at first. Dean presses himself to Cas, and Cas' arms are around him, holding him almost too tight - the way you hold something you've wanted for a long, long time. Cas' lips are soft and full, and he licks into Dean's mouth. Dean is surprised at how easily he lets go, how he clings to and melts into Cas. Something is screaming away at him telling him not to, but the gentle glide of their tongues together, the heat of Cas' skin through their clothes, they calm him. They kiss deeply, and it's hot, wet, slightly messy perfection. Cas moans into him, and Dean's cock starts to harden in his pants.
Cas eyed the orange and yellow marbled wall behind them. “I’ve noticed couples do an odd thing before. They carve their names into trees, or rocks and soforth, to mark a spot as theirs. I consider this spot ours,” Cas said bluntly.
“No, I mean...Cas stole another angel’s grace once. And he was still himself. So what gives? Does he have a soul? He didn’t seem evil when he was human.”
Later, they collapsed onto the couch together, laughing as Dean tried and fail to get his jacket off, tugging in all the wrong directions. Cas fell on top of him, their bodies tangled together. “Dean,” Cas said quietly.
Eventually, Cas lifted a trembling hand to wipe at his cheeks, running the other through his hair. A few dead leaves had fallen in it. Dean wondered just how long he'd sitting in the woods outside the bunker. A harsh laugh startled him out of his thoughts. Castiel stared straight at him, face twisted even as he laughed. He sighed, and turned to watch the ground nonchalantly. Dean didn't recall walking the ten paces that had separated them, but he stood above Cas, puzzling at the ache in his own chest that started when he realized he had not a damn clue why Cas was crying.
“So.” Dean focused on swiping the blue and white checked towel over the plate. They even had plaid towels.
“Yeah?” Dean looked up, mid drum solo.
After a long stretch of time, Cas sat down next to Dean. His brow furrowed. He turned to Dean and in a determined tone, said, “I love you.”
He gradually returned to the room, letting out a breath he felt as though he’d been holding for years. Every sensation prickling through his skin was a surprise, a sharp contrast to the blissful voice he’d felt before. Cas slumped over suddenly, and Dean reached out to catch him. They were on their knees, and Cas’ hand, the one without the blood, had found its way to the familiar handprint on his shoulder. Dean blinked. Cas still had his eyes closed. His forehead was resting on Dean’s collarbone, and Dean snaked an arm around his waist, holding the other man’s body upright. He should’ve been worried that he was awake and Cas wasn’t, but he wasn’t. Something felt profoundly right about this.
Instead of the outbreak of violence Dean expected, Cas sagged back, leaning against the table heavily. “I see.” Cas’ laugh was a broken, quiet little thing.
“C’mere,” he said, kneeling down. “You gotta pack it like this.” Cas studied how his hands moved carefully before mimicking it, forming a perfectly made snowball. “Yeah, just like-” Dean’s words were cut off with a mouthful of snow. His face stung. He shook his hair, releasing a flurry of white, before wiping the snow off best he could. Cas was smirking. Dean grimly packed a second snowball in record time, but when he spun to throw it at Cas, there was a flap of wings and the angel was gone. “That’s cheating!” He protested. But he set off into the forest to look for Cas.
“You know,” Dean said offhandedly, “What you said earlier doesn’t make a whole lot of sense.” Cas’ eyes were closed, his head tilted back, and he carried on. “What you said on the roof.”
And Cas
When it didn’t, Dean sighed, rubbed his hair, and sat up. He swung his legs over the edge of the couch and stood, pacing sleepily across the room. Cas hadn’t left the bunker in the whole seven months he’d been here. Why would he up and leave now? Dean bit his lip. Maybe he was on the roof, or off in another room doing weird angel stuff. But the fact was, in all the times they’d slept together, Cas had never once left Dean’s side until he woke up. Even though Cas didn’t sleep.
"And you like walking around naked with swarms of bees," he said, as if that explained everything.
This is my new favorite song, hope you like!
Cas nodded and joined Dean on the adjacent chair, looking alarmed by its lack of solid substance. They were silent for a moment, Dean noticing the thin sheen of sweat on Cas’ forehead. He was doing that more and more now, Dean noticed.
And there it is, the bait, hook, line, and sinker. Dean leans in.
It was a dark gray morning, as though the sun had chosen not to rise, and rain pounded down outside. It almost drowned out the small, domestic noises Dean had gotten accustomed to early in the day. His own swallowing. Cas breathing. The small crumplings of sheets and the ticking of the clock in the corner. Sam had left more books outside the room, he knew, but Dean felt as though he were holding his breath for something. He ran his thumb along Cas' knuckles, mapping the bony landscape. He thought how, by now, he probably knew the back of Cas' hand better than the angel did himself. The humor of that, he reflected, would be lost on Cas.
“You know,” Cas said conversationally, gripping Dean’s shoulder tight and starting to ride the hunter in earnest. “I can make you come over and over again.”
"You love me." I breathed. It wasn't what I'd meant to say, exactly, but it was just as inexorably true, pulling itself out from between my lips.
“…not it?” Dean asked.
He looked so close like this. Eyes closed, hair rumpled, hands curled around the edge of the blanket and the faint rise and fall of his body under it. Sleep made Cas look more human - more vulnerable - than ever.
“I enjoyed our date today.” Cas said.
the angel there in front of him, sex hair and rumpled trench coat and all, his throat would work its way open and he'd be able to say I'd rather have you. You are my apple pie life. You're what I pictured waiting for me at the end of the line.
Dean stared up at him steadily. “It’s my promise.” Already, it was starting to seem like the scar belonged on Cas’ skin.
A while later, Cas asks, “Did you ever think of keeping the grace?”
Sam held aloft a glowing metal pyramid, eyes nearly crossed from the effort of casting. It was beginning to liquify.
And Dean – well, Dean’s a romantic. Sometimes.
As if to answer him, the swoosh of wings filled the bunker. An arm curled around his stomach, and after stiffening, Dean allowed himself to be drawn backwards into Cas’ embrace. Cas’ hand slotted perfectly against the curve in his waist, the place he could almost feel its absence before. He shivered. Cas kissed his neck softly.
It hurts. Jesus, it hurts so good. Dean loses all control over his body, and he hears himself moaning, sees himself shaking, but he doesn't try to stop it. He focuses on Cas' blue eyes, so dark, and how fucking full he is. When the thought occurs to him that Cas is inside him, really, truly inside of him, he moans softly. Cas takes this as a queue, and starts to pull out and fuck into Dean.
Dean’s cock twitched at his words, and with wide eyes, he reached to his belt and undid it. Cas watched him with an expression somewhere between intrigue and hunger. For a moment, Dean thought Cas might mimic his actions, but instead the angel picked up the damn pen again and started writing, his eyes darting back to Dean.
“No,” Cas rasped. “I – kiss me.” Dean obliged with wet, hot, biting kisses, one hand still skimming along Cas’ feathers. He jacked Cas faster, loving the way the angel’s cries filled the tiny space between them before Dean swallowed them with a kiss.
"I did," He said softly.
Dean gulped. Tears were pricking the back of his eyes again.
Cas dreams for the first time since he was human.
you and I don’t care that it’s not the same, I just thought for once you needed to hear it.”
He could’ve sworn he heard Cas choking on his beer. Sam glared. “How’re things over here?”
"No, Dean." I stroked my thumb over the back of his hand, tracing the outline of his knuckles.
“Sap,” Dean muttered into Cas’ skin. Cas frowned, and Dean wiped it away with a kiss. “What I’m trying to say,” Cas said, pushing Dean away with one finger, “Is that I want you. Now and forever, Dean Winchester.” His voice shook on the word forever, because that was exactly what he meant. For as long as Dean lived, and after that, and on, and on, and he’d never be able to stop, and he trembled in Dean’s arms with the sheer feeling of it.
“Hendrix,” Cas said, looking proud at the identification. He was also stark naked. And leaning against the headboard of the bed, looking like a lounging cat. “You’re right – he was a genius.”
One of Cas’ eyebrows rose, but he didn’t object. “I understand.”
“Cas, Cas!”
“Well… it’s my understanding that most of the music we listen to was composed under the influence of such stimulants, which fascinates me. I suppose I’m curious.”
“No. You judged correctly. I never felt...right as a mortal.”
Cas’ eyes flickered open, staring up straight into Dean’s. He hadn’t really thought this part through. Cas didn’t seem alarmed to wake up in Dean’s arms, though. He didn’t attempt to move, and his hand remained firmly clasped in Dean’s. The pain had dulled to a low heat.
“Row, please...it’s Cas. I’ll do anything. You can put me through the whole nine yards of torture again if you need it for, book-keeping, or whatever.” But he shudders at the thought.
"I still have to blink, Dean." His words were half carried away in the wind.
“Will you let me hold you now?”
him smiling and the rush of blood as Cas’ cock hardened in response, could feel it all inside him. Cas rocked back against him, and just like that they were
The note said:
Cas watched him, Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed before beginning. "A perfect beauty of a sunflower! a perfect excellent lovely sunflower existence! a sweet natural eye to the new hip moon, woke up alive and excited grasping in the sunset shadow sunrise golden monthly breeze!" Cas' gravelly voice gained a certain rhythmic lilt when he read poetry, and Dean was quickly suckered in, almost lulled to sleep by the words. "You were never no locomotive, Sunflower, you were a sunflower!" Cas finished. Dean didn't think it was the end of the poem, and he opened his eyes. Cas was staring at him with a piercing gaze, and Dean sensed that he was strongly making a point with the poem. Dean was too drunk, too happy and maybe even a little moved to argue, so he lazily smiled. Being a flower was all right. As long as Cas was the one who was in love with him.
“I know you tend to use sex to get what you want or need.” Cas says, voice steady.
Dean laughed. “Yeah. Hey, when did you become Mr. Pop Culture again? I never did have time to ask.”
He came hard, holding onto Cas like there was nothing else in the world. He lost track of time, until Cas pulled off of his now soft cock, swallowing curiously. Dean dropped to his knees almost immediately, and took the angel’s face in both hands, kissing him. He could taste himself on Cas’ swollen lips. He didn’t think anything had ever felt so good. Dean was so caught up in their gentle kisses he only just remembered about his earlier curiosity. He pulled away, and stood on shaking legs, pulling Cas up with him. He led Cas to the bed, and pulled away the boxers Cas still wore. Cas lay before him, panting and looking up at him, dick rock hard and begging for Dean’s attention. Dean crawled on top of him and started stroking too gently, teasing. Cas didn’t beg. He took whatever Dean gave him.
Cas growled and shot at the target. Dean didn’t bother to check where it landed, instead, he occupied himself with licking a finger until it was dripping with spit and then pressing it against Cas’ hole. Cas moaned. Dean didn’t push the finger in, he just rubbed it gently around in a circle, letting the blunt tip of his finger rest on the pucker of flesh. Then he wrapped his lips around the head of Cas’ cock.
I hummed a little while I thought about it. "It was warm. The sunshine was exquisite. And Dean, everything smelled like flowers," I beamed. I wondered idly if I smelled like flowers, too.
Instead of pulling back, he pushed forward, almost, meeting the waves of Cas’ presence with his own. It was like Cas had been touching him while he lay still, and just now, he was returning the touches in kind.
“I, um,” Dean stammered. Damnit, Cas was the only one who could make him fucking stutter, of all things. Eventually, he just handed it over cautiously. Dean gave Cas the first sign he loved him standing in the empty parking lot of a small town, the smell of smoke hanging in the air.
“It’s, uh, good to see you happy.” Dean nodded once, wondering why Sam was still staring at him. Just his little brother being weird, he decided later as he turned over on his stomach and closed his eyes.
Cas gulped, and Dean could feel his thighs quiver at the promise. “So show me your wings, and touch yourself.” He had no idea where the command came from. Maybe it was because Cas had asked him to do the same thing in The Garden and Dean wanted to reverse the roles. Maybe he just wanted to see Cas vulnerable and desperate and giving himself pleasure. Cas’ lip trembled. The room began to glow brighter, the light from Cas’ eyes largely overwhelming the candles. Dean blinked and when he opened his eyes again, Cas’ wings were outstretched before him. Cas circled his long fingers around his own cock, and started to stroke himself, fast and rough. It took Dean a moment to remember, well, anything, and then he was wrapping his arms around Cas, reaching his fingers up and brushing them over the shining, gray feathers. Cas quivered, and he bucked up into his own hand. Dean swallowed, his own dick growing fully hard. He grew mesmerized by the sheen of Cas’ feathers, the way he trembled and swore when Dean touched them. Dean might not remember how intimate they were when Cas was rebuilding him, but he knew this was the closest they would get on Earth. When he looked down, Cas was fucking into his own hand, eyes wild and black hair sticking to his forehead, curling there, trapped by sweat. “Dean,” Cas moaned, and then, “Fuck. Oh, fuck, fuck, I-” Dean quickly removed a hand from his work on Cas’ wings and shoved it between them, squeezing the base of Cas’ dick tightly to stop him from coming. Cas gave a broken cry, trying to thrust up into Dean’s hand, but Dean held him firmly. Cas’ face was all screwed up as he gave what sounded like a sob before leaning his forehead against Dean’s neck. “Point proven,” Dean couldn’t resist saying, softly.
Dean sees Cas go flying, thrown by the Empty, and runs after him. It feels like a mile until he reaches him.
“Fine, fine. One, two, hey, no using your-” a flap of wings resounds through the kitchen. “Angel mojo.” He finished lamely. “Three, four…”
“Am I even allowed to help you look?” Sam asked, seeming dubious.
He stops drinking as much. The lines between Sam's eyebrows when he scans Dean for dark circles smooth out. Dean feels like he got dumped without ever being kissed, but he swallows his hurt and tries to feel the same elegant readiness to separate Cas had evidently found. He doesn't miss that the note was signed 'Castiel,' not Cas, certainly not 'Love, Cas.' He replaces the poison that tries to creep up, the sense of betrayal, with a certain wistfulness. He pictures Cas flying again. Cas, happily building heaven.
"Failed him like every godforsaken thing I care about," He said, tears beginning to stream down his face. "My fault. This," he gestured around, hands making crooked lines through the air, "It's all my fault. I broke it."
“Sammy!” Dean enfolded his brother in a quick hug, which the taller man returned, albeit with something of a bemused expression.
The rest of the day went by in a blur, and Dean was quite unashamed to say it’d been the best Christmas of his life. He’d more or less convinced Cas that You Can’t Always Get What You Need was a Christmas carol. He’d also gotten Jingle Bells stuck in Sam’s head at every opportunity, earning him many a glare. Sam had attempted to show Cas how to bake apple pie, but unsurprisingly, Cas was a terrible baker. He had wanted to skip the baking process and roast it with his angel power, which Sam had insisted was too unpredictable. Dean thought this must be the one day a year that Sam didn’t tell him off for drinking too much. Although, come to think of it, he’d been doing that less now. Now that he had Cas.
Dean stared down at him in disbelief.
“Thought a roadtrip would do us good. So here we are.” It was that dorky grin again.
The movie was something classic yet generic, and Dean can’t honestly say he’d looked at the tickets when he bought them. Cas was weirdly riveted, though. Dean couldn’t help feeling oddly satisfied when the angel jumped at all the appropriate points. He didn’t laugh when he was meant to, but Dean supposed that couldn’t be helped. He didn’t imagine this was one of the movies Metatron had seen and downloaded to Cas’ head.
He held me after we had sex. For at least an hour. He did it so conscientiously, even when he had to leave, even when he was late, that I knew it was another apology. This one, though, this one I could stand. I knew if he left, I would take another handful of pills. So I claimed that hollow in his chest for my head, and I listened to his heart. I took comfort in the fact that he still wanted me, even after I was human. I trained to fight, so I would have a purpose. We fought back to back. When we were bloody and exhausted and half dead, he trudged back with me to my cabin, pushed aside the bead curtain as he cursed it, and nearly carried me to bed. And then he held me close and still. These were the things I treasured, a broken mortal though I might be.
“That’s not what I sound like,” Cas said, leaning his head against the window and letting the sun fall across his face.
“What?” Cas asked, running his fingers over Dean’s chest and staring, as if entranced by the invisible patterns he made there.
Dean raised an eyebrow at his brother. “Really, Sam?”
Cas followed him into one of the disused rooms, in which Dean had put an old casette deck he’d picked up from a thrift store while Sam was off somewhere, probably reading a demon dictionary or something. Dean had put way too much thought into what song he was going to play for Cas, to be totally honest. He’d immediately thought of Houses of the Holy, but wasn’t sure how it’d go over. Finally, after absent mindedly biting his lip until it almost bled, he’d decided. “This is one of my favorite songs. Thought maybe you could relate.”
Dean cries when they walk inside the house, his hand skimming its beaten-up boards, all the scars where it’ll need new paint. It’s a fixer-upper, just like them. Through the far window, a lake glimmers blue and promising. This time, the tears are happy and relieved.
Would he ever get used to that word? Accept it, sure, but get used to it? Maybe not.
“This is unpleasant.”
He found Sam hunkered down in the bath tub behind the shower curtain. He looked ridiculous – six and a half feet of sasquatch, crammed into the bottom of a bathtub, trying to be inconspicuous. “Did you think there was even a
Cas bit his lip and moved away, healing Sam by a mere touch on the shoulder. There was a moment of silence, before Sam asked, “Is there beer in the trunk?”
Cas nods, jerkily. Dean brushes a strand of hair back from his forehead.
Dean held Cas’ door open for him while he climbed in and then walked around the other side, sliding into the seat and letting out a sigh of satisfaction at that perfect smell of leather. He turned the key in the ignition and then abruptly realized he had no idea where they were going. “Where to, Cas?” He asked softly.
Cas tilted his head to one side and growled, “I know why you go to bars.”
“Yes, Dean, yes,” Cas whined. He would’ve said yes to anything.
He’d almost forgotten that he asked the question when Cas answered. “You’re a fire-flower.”
out, they stuck sharply. It made him angry at himself. He wanted Cas to hear those words, hoarse and shaky but
Dean nodded slowly, trying to wrap his head around it. “And what, I’m not on the invite list for your monster hunt?”
So I think y'all are gonna like this chapter ;)
It wasn't like I hadn't said it before. But this time, it seemed to really sink in, and he didn't look like he liked the implications much. "Yeah," he said. "And look what I did to you."
it sent him reeling. The feelings it stirred in him were of pure intensity and beauty and also, Jesus, how badly he wanted to fuck Cas.
I collapsed over him, our bodies tangling together, sweat in a thin sheen over our skin. It was cold without our frenzied heat, and eventually he pulled me up off the ground. I groaned and pressed myself to him, missing the touch of his skin. He laughed, brushed the dirt off of my left side and his knees, and climbed into his car. Shivering, I followed. The leather seats squeaked as we realigned ourselves, but it was warm. It smelled like whiskey and leather and sweat - it smelled like Dean, I thought as I leaned my head against his shoulder and closed my eyes. He stroked circles on my shoulders.
“Oh.” Dean realized that, at this point, he was never going to teach the angel to stop staring so much. He’d gotten used to feeling Castiel’s blue eyes on him, pretty much all the time. Dean cleared his throat. “Right.”
They stood by an oak tree which it took Dean a moment to realize. “This is where I found you,” he said.
“I’m a bad influence,” Dean said proudly, tossing Cas his beer. Cas opened it with his hand and absentmindedly sipped some.
I think the moment I became his friend was when I rebelled for him. Of course, I had helped him, healed him, stitched him back from nothingness, broken all of heaven's rules simply because he wanted something, let him swear at me and told him all I knew of the truth. I'm not sure he was really aware of what all those things took; he probably still isn’t. When I rebelled for him, that was the first thing I did he could understand. This, then, was when we became friends in his eyes. I was unfamiliar with the concept and made no such classifications. I am not sure, though, when I became something
Dean privately thought Claire was too caught up in her haughty world of being a teenager to be concerned about talking to Cas, but he was more concerned with how immediately shifty Cas was acting. Cas was a terrible liar. When he wasn’t planning world domination and massive betrayals. He winced slightly, glad that they were very much past that now. “Come on, you’ve been wanting to go out all morning,” Dean said.
It was late afternoon, and cloudy outside. Dean closed his eyes against the gray light diffusing the room, and reached out a shaking hand. Lips forming
It’s on these visits that he realizes how much pain these humans hold. He listens to their thoughts, and to the quiet throwaway remarks they trade about wanting to end things over coffee, brushed away the next second like the crumbs on their napkins. He wants to help.
He started swearing as soon as the tentative yet determined finger found his prostate. Cas added a second finger, and stroked the over-sensitive spot mercilessly. Dean knew he was moaning, begging, but he didn’t care. Screw whatever he’d thought before. He wanted, needed Cas. “Fuck, Cas, please,” he hissed. “Just fuck me.”
“Man, aren’t you hot in that?” When Cas turned around, doing his usual confused eye squint, Dean gestured a little too fervently at his coat. “Y’know, the trench.”
Sam was away on a simple salt and burn. They'd argued before he went, and Dean's side of the argument hadn't made much sense. It had swung from
that sound, and I wanted to hear it again, and again. "I don't understand," I confessed.
Cas’ mind is reeling. “I heard,” he says, praying Dean will tell him what it means.
“You’re telling me that today you risked your life, signed up to be a hunter for the rest of your life, and died thousands of time, all because of-”
I had said all I could say, and it wasn't enough.
Cas kissed his eyelids gently and said in a low voice, “Dean, this is my way of promising you. Forever.” When Dean opened his eyes, Cas was holding two black metal rings, a little scuffed up around the edges.
He’s slid down in their mixed-up embrace to Cas’ chest, where he hears his heart beating. It’s when Cas says, “Hello again, Dean,” that he breaks down into tears. First he cries violently, fingernails nearly tearing at the nape of Cas’ neck. Then he cries like a child, and Cas cards a hand through his hair, and rocks him. All he can say is, “Thought I lost you,” and then he cries silently, until he feels wings wrap around him.
Dean prays less frequently now. The tone of the messages becomes less tortured, and all pleas to return drop. If something really funny has happened, Dean drops him a line. And sometimes at the end of the day, Dean just says, ‘Thanks, man. Thank you for everything.’
Sam smirked. “So you don’t like him anymore.”
“I suppose so,” Cas said, evidently not picking up on Dean’s rattled mood. “But conventional dating seems exceedingly strange.”
wanted Cas to watch him take it. He moaned, “Cas,” his voice breaking halfway through. Cas met his gaze evenly with lust-blown pupils, and Dean jacked himself faster. Precum leaked from the tip of his dick, and he let his head fall back as he slicked it over himself. When he opened his eyes, Cas was looking at him, a look that would burn straight through lesser men. He’d stopped writing, and while one hand still held the pen, he’d reached into his jeans and was palming himself through his boxers with the other. It struck Dean how silent it was. “Cas…” he whispered hoarsely. “Cas-Castiel.”
The ornament on the top of a tree wasn't really an ornament per say, it was more of a red spray painted wooden pentagram which Dean had found in a box labelled 'Demon Warding' in a box downstairs. There was so much they still hadn't discovered in the bunker, and Dean wanted to explore it all. The red spray paint had been added on to make it "festive," although probably to anyone other than a Winchester, it would've looked psychotic. They'd compiled various boxes of old, partially broken ornaments at the local thrift store. Some of them were quite disturbing, actually, like dusty china mice with pitchforks and threatening expressions. Dean wasn't sure what demented old lady had wanted those hung on her tree, but they put them up there anyway, if only to fill space. The rest of the space was filled with bottle caps, which Dean had learned to hang as Christmas ornaments through many years with John Winchester.
My body knew the touch of his hands like a traveler knows their first home. Only, I never wanted to leave. We fucked and had sex and even made love countless times. We sat on the porch and he hummed that old Aerosmith song when there was nothing to say. He didn't know I knew the words.
And the funniest thing was, he did. He believed Cas. Something expanded inside him and he felt weightless, giddy, finally free and he wrapped his hand around the back of Cas’ neck, pulling him in for another breathless kiss. Cas laughed against his lips and pulled away again. “I believe me too,” he said, too seriously. When Dean arched up off the ground and tried to kiss him again, Cas wrapped his arms firmly around Dean and before Dean could fully process what was happening, he was off the ground in Cas’ arms. He stared up, face slack with surprise for a moment. And then he laughed, laughed as Cas walked to the car, staring steadily down at him, love and trust practically shining out of his eyes. “Stop it,” he poked at Cas’ chest. Cas didn’t stop the staring, and the song fell into a slow guitar instrumental. “Don’t stop,” he murmured then.
Cas cried out beneath him, bringing him back to the present. “Dean,” he whispered over and over again. Dean growled, feeling the angel clench around him. He knew what that meant. He thrust into Cas harder, faster, letting the pleasure explode through him as they came together. He saw stars and angel wings on the back of his eyelids, every fibre of his being lost in Cas and crying out in ecstasy.
I smiled. "I suppose so, yes." I looked up at the sky - clouds were gathering over the horizon, leaving the rest of the sky dark blue. The sun was setting through the clouds, turning them the faintest shade of red. "Can I kiss you?" I asked then.
God, he wanted to say it so bad.
Snowflakes rested in Cas’ windblown hair, and the angel’s lips stretched with a laugh. Dean didn’t even remember what he was laughing at now. They’d spent the morning out in the snow, running after each other and rolling in it like the lovestruck idiots they were. They’d lay down and made snow angels, Cas doing so reflectively without grasping any of the irony. They’d kissed and walked in circles and looked around at the shining world.
Thank You, By Led Zeppelin
"I, ah... I don't know what to say. I didn't intend for you to... find me." Cas' voice was ragged and Dean wondered briefly if he'd been screaming.
When Dean was open and wet and ready, Cas withdrew his fingers and slowly, slowly, slid in. Cas gave a soft sigh of satisfaction as he bottomed out, balls gently slapping Dean’s skin. “You know,” Cas said in a low whisper, planting a kiss between Dean’s shoulderblades. “I love being inside you.” Dean canted his hips back, desperate for Cas to goddamn
they were, how they were closer than they'd ever been and it was all wrong because Cas was bleeding, red on his white shirt.
in that moment of passion – everything had blurred into Cas, and he had no idea what he’d said. He found the idea oddly comforting, like the silence as Cas lay on top of him, no doubt listening to his heart beat as the water poured over them.
Dean dreams he’s coming home late after stowing fishing poles in the Impala’s trunk. He doesn’t switch on the light before getting into bed, not wanting to wake Cas. But the bed is cold. When he rolls over onto his bed, reaching out a hand for someone who isn’t there, something wet falls on his face. He wipes at his cheek and his hand comes back black in the dim light. He licks his fingertip. It’s blood.
“It’s okay. Really.” His voice cracks a little. Do Gods go through puberty? ““Shit happens,”” and the air-quotes are back, and he looks too much like Cas. Dean crumples a little. Because he's not just like Cas: he's like Dean, in all the worst ways. The world was dangerous, and Jack had to grow up too fast, and Dean treated him like a weapon or a monster, and he's staring at a mirror of himself. Maybe he should've left Jack well enough alone. Maybe he should've left Cas well enough alone. But he didn't, and all he can do now is try to make it up. Try to be better.
he thought.
Dean said slowly, “No harm, no foul.” But he knew this wasn’t going to be that easy.
“Yeah. Right.” Dean rolled his eyes, and kicked his boots off. He sat down at the end of hid bed. He could feel the angel watching him. Man, his love life was fucked up. Since when did he even have one?
Yes, I know y'all are impatient, and I know Dean's being an ass, but important things take time. I promise they will get their act together and there will be smutty times.
Sam said yes in Detroit. Dean broke. He came to me, whiskey shot eyes, clenching his gun in his hand and not letting go. I pried it away, eventually, and led him inside. When I took away his gun, the thigh holster, the knife at his ankle and the one strapped to his forearm, he threw himself at me. Maybe he thought I was undressing him, I don't know. He tried to kiss me, sloppily, breath hot and reeking of alcohol.
Cas reluctantly lowered the book. His eyes were puffy. When he didn’t say anything, Dean asked, “Hey, buddy, you OK?”
if you liked this, I'm publishing a book later this year, an LGBTQ+ romance/coming-of-age with lots of pining and hurt/comfort. Follow my writing
It wasn’t exactly begging, but it was good enough for him. Dean grinned, and darted his tongue along Cas’ shaft, licking up the precome. Cas threw his head back. Dean’s own cock was trapped between his thigh and stomach where he knelt, bent over on the mattress. It ached like hell from seeing Cas so debauched, a sheen of sweat already gathering on his forehead. Dean knew, somewhere in the back of his mind, that the sweat meant Cas was surrendering himself, letting his vessel feel every single touch. Dean’s heart hammered in his chest as he licked a circle around the tip of Cas’ cock, before sinking down slightly, so just the head lay heavy between his lips. He worked his tongue around it in slow, lazy strokes. The noises coming out of Cas were bordering on inhuman, and they certainly weren’t angelic. Except, Dean thought wryly, maybe they were. They were so filthy they were beautiful and so sinful they were pure. These were sounds of worship he could get used to hearing every night.
He groaned loudly, letting his head tip back against the bed. Now his ass ached.
“Is that more important than anything else?”
Dean stared at him. Not that wanted to admit it, but he was gauging the situation. Was this a genuine question? A prequel to tear-strewn cheeks and shaking hands? A flight risk? He didn’t want to misjudge and end up being a dick. “You don’t. You can’t. You just do whatever seems right, what seems best at the time, or whatever you can’t stand not to do.”
“Man, I missed Elvis.” Dean said plaintively.
first time - was important. It wasn't.
the swipe of his tongue screamed.
“I have to show you something.” Cas muttered even as Dean was grabbing the lapels of his coat – it was the blue leather jacket Dean had given him months ago.
He stood beside me, and leaned back against the cabin wall. He was silent for a long time, and my joint was a cherry stub between my fingers when he did say, "I'm sorry."
“What were you dreaming about?” Cas asked, tilting his head to one side. And it was so similar and yet so very different to the first time Castiel had asked him that – years ago – that all Dean could do was shake his head.
“Hell, man. You have me. You always had me.”
Cas eyed his cock curiously for a moment, as if deciding how to proceed. Dean was about to warn him not to go too far before the angel opened his pink lips in an O and sank down on Dean’s cock, taking all of it in his mouth. “Fuck,” Dean swore. The wet heat of Cas’ mouth felt so good, he had to stop himself from thrusting forward. Cas was still staring him straight in the eye, and Dean twisted his fingers through Cas’ black hair, guiding him backward and forward. Cas got the idea and started bobbing his head along Dean’s shaft. Dean moaned. Cas’ thumb drew tiny circles along Dean’s hipbone.
“I thought my powers would’ve returned by now.” Cas muttered apologetically. “Destroying that artefact rather drained me.”
Shapes and forms occasionally flickered through his mind. He wasn’t dreaming, but he was pretty sure Cas was. Black feathers fluttered at the edges of his perception, then a hand drawing a curtain closed, maybe a flash of white light. The images faded as soon as they’d started, dissolving into mist. He only wanted to reach out and touch the black feathers, run his fingers over them as if in a trance.
Could Sam’s smirk get any wider? “Did you pack a picnic basket and a sleeping bag for two?”
Jack’s eyes flash gold in excitement. He shakes his head to clear his eyes back to their usual lucid gray. “Yes. It’s possible we could technically fulfil the terms of the Empty’s bargain by leaving Cas’ power source there, taking his consciousness, and repowering him with Dean’s grace once they’re back on Earth.”
It should take longer than it does when he's already come. But Cas feels twelve years of unexpressed bearing down on him and he turns desperate, nearly sobbing into Dean’s shoulder with the wonder he feels. And Dean – Dean feels like this was what he needed in his bones, like nothing was ever more right than an angel of the lord railing him into his memory foam mattress. He reaches a hand down to his cock because God help him, it’s okay to want, and to have.
P.S. Also, I edited the Christmas chapter. Cas now has a lucky penny necklace instead of the original symbol necklace, because I thought lucky pennies were more... human, idk. So if you noticed the change, you're not going crazy.
Cas looked down at him, and disappeared before his eyes. “Cas, what the hell?!”
Instead, he reached a hand up to stroke the heavy feathers. His fingers might have trembled, but they didn’t. Touching Cas was as sure as turning the key in the Impala’s ignition, and touching his wings were no different. Except, when he touched them, something like electricity ran through his fingers. He wondered if this was what it felt like when Cas touched his soul.
Dean wrapped himself around Cas, under the pretense of adjusting the angle of the double-barreled shotgun the angel was holding. It was the following day, and they’d slept off the remnants of their high in the Impala, pale morning sunlight streaming onto them. Dean had suggested that now Cas couldn’t kill with his grace, they ought to practice shooting. The perfect soundtrack, blaring loud enough to muffle the gun shots and shake the floors? Def Leppard.
“Condoms? Really.” Sam glared at him.
“I… I made it so you wouldn’t remember. It’s an Enochian spell.” Cas said, running his thumbs over Dean’s chest.
“Indeed. It’s unpleasant.” Cas looked out the window, evidently unable to look at the source of the belligerent music.
Cas grinds his hips against Dean, jolting him against the cold wall, and Dean groans, moving his wrists in Cas' hold. He wants to touch the angel, his angel. Cas lets him go, undoing his belt as Dean runs his fingers, his nails across Cas' flesh. Cas pulls his pants down to the ground and Dean steps out of them, the cold air practically embracing his stiff cock. Cas tears his own jeans and boxers off, pressing himself against Dean. Their teeth knock as they kiss, and Cas body is hard against his, muscle and bone and heavenly power all at once. Dean moans as Cas ruts against him, their erections sliding together. This should feel wrong, maybe, filthy at the least. But it doesn't. Sweat rolls down his neck, and it doesn't feel dirty, it feels pure in a way he's never felt. Maybe it's the fact Cas is an angel. Maybe it's that goddamn profound bond. Maybe it's just
“Talk to me, Cas,” Dean said, drawing back thoughtfully. “You’re a fucking poet now, apparently,” he said glancing at the lengthy letter. “Talk to me,” he asked again, his breath hot on Cas’ skin.
Cas and Dean go fishing.
Some of the tension went out of Dean’s body. That was how he felt. Not about sex in general; sex in general was hella fun but meaningless. With him and Cas, though, every touch was a promise, a declaration. And the red marks they left on one another lasted longer than any words would have, because words disappeared when the breath they were fuelled on dissipated. There were some things that he needed to sort out, though. “Right… right. But I guess we should talk about what this means.” His voice cracked on the word means, because he thought they already knew what it meant, but somehow he needed Cas to say it.
Dean’s breath betrayed him, hitching thick in his throat.
“Dude, he’s an angel.”
glare and got out of the car. “I believe we have a pack of werewolves to hunt.”
That explained the burnt blueberry smell.
“Everything.” Cas said, slamming down another shot. “Mm. This one is good. Very chemically unstable.”
Dean’s jaw dropped, and he couldn’t say anything. Didn’t even want to say anything. He just wanted this moment to stretch on into eternity, a marker of how far they’d come, and for what they’d fought for. He wanted to stare at Cas’ hopeful, shining face forever, listening to Pink Floyd on repeat until doomsday.
“Don’t, that’s littering.” Cas said quickly. Raising his eyebrows, Dean set it back in the cooler. “Why?”
Dean thinks the shadows of his wings and his blue eyes engulfed in fire are going to be the last thing he sees. He hopes the fire gets him too.
“I’m not gay,” Dean blurted out suddenly, as he stared at a mug of coffee in his hands. God, why had he gone and said that? Why did he fucking feel the need to say that.
Final chapter up tomorrow! I know, I know, part of me doesn't want it to end either, but some things are meant to be. Stay tuned, my lovely readers!
using magic, for just that purpose. Although in this case, it was a dead give-away. “Cas, damnit, are you going invisible girl on me?”
“It’s warded against angels,” Sam lied. It was for Dean’s own sake. Maybe staying in the bunker alone with Cas for easily two months would break down his brother’s stubborn, emotionally constipated wall. He could tell from those casual touches, the way Cas’ fingers skimmed Dean’s when he handed Cas a beer; they were in love. And too stupid to get it.
“You’re drunk and you’re going to sleep it off.” The words would have been stern if he hadn’t smirked.
“Is that how you see me?” Dean asked, flabbergasted. “Some sort of… fragile little flower?”
“D-dean,” Cas cried out above him. Cas’ hips rolled up, and Dean nearly choked on his dick. He looked Cas in the eye firmly, a reminder of what he’d said before. Cas groaned under the smolder of Dean’s gaze. Dean lapped at the head of Cas’ cock, sliding his tongue against the slit. He pulled away. Jesus, he just couldn’t wait any longer. Cas’ eyes weighed on him hungrily as he slicked his fingers with lube, thrusting two of them inside Cas without warning and crooking them until he cried out.
“Yeah. Dad kept it in a separate compartment of the Impala, away from all the weapons. I just left it there, until now.” Dean thought maybe John had wanted to keep just a tiny part of Mary separate from the world of monsters. “He must’ve gone back after the fire, to, uh…”
He plunges his fingers deeper and searches until Dean lets out a broken, shuddering moan. Then he rocks his hand against that spot and bobs his head along Dean’s dick. It’s too much to keep track of, too much to take in with the musky smell of Dean’s sweat, the feel of him clenching around Cas’ fingers, the sound of his cries. But Cas does it because he wants to be lost in Dean. Cas watches him quake and come apart as he hollows his cheeks. He tastes bitter salt on his tongue and lets it come, lets it flood his mouth with Dean’s warmth, keeps fingering Dean through his orgasm.
Dean added silently. As if he read his mind, Cas spoke again. “I would’ve come to dig you out, if I’d understood better what I do now. I was still a wavelength of celestial power, far removed from human struggles. I hadn’t taken a vessel yet. I didn’t know what that would have been like.” Dean opened his mouth, to let Cas know it was all right, but Cas kept talking. “I was so sure you would be able to understand my true voice, when I spoke to you.”
Cas’ eyes slid shut, and he passed out draped over Dean.
Cas smiled a little. “Alright.”
Cas leaned forward, and took Dean's hand in his. "Look at me. I need you."
“I don’t think that would be accurate,” Cas answers.
would stay, forever. And so when Cas snaps his fingers and his dumb Polaroid camera is in his hands, and he’s taking a photo of Dean, his eyes crinkled up with laughter, rose petals littering his bare chest, he doesn’t even protest. But when Cas has just closed his eyes again, not sleeping (Dean guessed that only happened when he’d been fucked into oblivion), but resting, Dean took a messy photo of Cas’ closed eyes and halfway smile. Just to get him back.
“Well, my eyesight is perfect,” Cas bragged matter-of-factly. “I can see every color and much farther away than a normal human. Sometimes I get distracted by details. Taste and smell are…” he waved a hand from side to side. “My hearing extends into the realm of prayers and human faith and yearnings, so I’d say that’s fairly good.”
Honey, you know I did!
“I know,” Dean said, handing two of the giant popcorn containers to Cas. His arms were full of candy and booze. God, the bitch face Sam would be giving him right now. “Just trust me on this, OK?”
Dean pulled back, just to drizzle more lube on Cas’ pink hole. Cas moaned as the cold, slick liquid dribbled over him. Dean thrust three fingers inside him, crooking them until he found Cas’ prostate again, and added his tongue between them. “Fuck, Dean!” Cas shouted. Dean grunted in response. Cas was unbelievably wet. Dean’s fingers made an obscene noise as they pumped into Cas, and the angel’s thighs were slick and shiny with lube. Dean didn’t care. He squirted even more out, this time wrapping his dripping hand around Cas’ cock and jacking him. Cas’ hips jerked back against him. Dean rubbed one finger into Cas’ prostate again and again, and Cas’ voice was so low Dean almost didn’t hear it. “I’m an angel of the Lord,” he said. “I do not beg.” Dean thrust his tongue inside Cas, tasting his inner walls. Cas closed his eyes. “Please. Fuck, Dean, please.” The way Cas ground out the word ‘please’, like it was part of a curse, shot blood directly to Dean’s dick. He gulped. Cas was
"Whoa," he breathed quietly.
He had never been a mere friend to me. I didn't know about 'friends' then. He was only Dean. I had seen his soul, his entire life and being, and I rather admired him. He was broken, of course. A righteous man with a psychotic glint in his eye and a whiskey problem to drown America. I didn’t even know what love felt like. It's understandable, then, when I say that I must have always loved him and only later recognized it for what it was. It is clear to me that before I fell from Grace, before I fell from heaven, I first fell for Dean Winchester. The first time it happened – the first time we – the first time – was that when I fell?
But each time I tell myself that I, well I can't stand the pain,
Cas let out a small laugh. “What?”
Dean laid a hand on his shoulder.
Dean set his jaw. His Elvis phase was a thing firmly of the past. There was no space in his macho hunter vibe for singing Baby, Let Me Be Your Teddy Bear. “I don’t want-”
“Sex,” Cas said.
Dean’s smile was jerked up from the bottom of his heart.
“Yes?” Cas said, rifling through a nearby shelf.
Finally, Cas’ eyes flickered open. His mouth twisted in a lazy half smirk. “What do you want to talk about?” As an afterthought, he added, running a finger down the center of Dean’s chest, “Haven’t we already said everything there is to say?”
Cas dunked his head under the water, blinking water out of his eyes as it dripped down from his soaking mop of hair. “It’s warm!”
Defeated the Devil. Stopped the Croats. It was foolish and nigh impossible. But I thought that then, maybe we could heal together, really heal. Our wounds might be scars instead of scabs. And in some alternate reality, where we were OK for once, I thought I might tell him. About the song, and how I thought the answers to my life as a human might be found in an Aerosmith song and a broken guitar. He would laugh, really laugh, like he used to. I smiled at the thought and closed my eyes, blissfully unaware of him watching me and his lips twitching as though they were trying to smile just as he was trying not to cry.
"My grace is a fraction of what it was. It took me a long time to recover from my injuries - I entered a near catatonic state healing myself. I don't think I would've had enough energy to wake up again, it was like I was in limbo." Explanations like these drifted from Cas' lips while Dean stared up at him, awestruck. He was really awake. "I mentioned our profound bond once to you. When I rescued you in hell, I branded you. And your soul. Unintentionally," Cas said, frowning. "But there's an enormous amount of power in that bond. You triggered it, and woke me. I think this is similar to the parable about Snow White-" Cas said slowly, the edges of a smile tugging his lips up gently.
“But if you gotta go… go.” Dean’s voice was quiet. “I mean, I’ve said it before, I’m a crappy role model. You oughta go find some monks or hippies or something to teach you about life.” He laughed nervously.
“So?” And Cas’ eyebrow was raising; just the one. “You would’ve enjoyed it as a child, and you still could now.” Dean bit his lip, looking away and tipping his beer back for another swallow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4
He isn't telling Sam, of course. That would mean admitting he'd been right about all the herbal tea and feelings crap all along. Not gonna happen. But in the quiet moments when Sam's out on his second run of the day, or the days he stays at Eileen's, Dean sets his resolve and starts looking. After a few days of phoning up old contacts and poring through the monster-and-magic-friendly parts of the internet, he finds someone good.
When Dean reached the shore, Cas was already sprawled back on the pebbles, guitar resting comfortably on his thigh. Dean stood there, water flowing through his toes while Cas began picking out an arpeggio pattern. He really had gotten pretty good at playing. Cas looked straight up at him, a determined set to his jaw and an expression that made it seem like they were the only two there, before he began to sing.
He gripped Cas’ cock lightly around the base and looked directly up into the angel’s eyes as his lips formed an O and he took it in his mouth. Cas moaned loudly and Dean hummed with approval. He stayed there for a moment, letting Cas’ dick hang hot and heavy in his mouth, before bobbing his head up and down the length of Cas’ shaft, taking as much as he could. Cas groaned, and Dean wondered if he was the first one ever to do this to him. His own dick ached against his jeans, straining and begging to be touched. He ignored it, keeping his eyes firmly fixed on Cas. He looked… awestruck. Reverent.
Dean gasped when Cas’ finger, wet with miraculously appearing lube circles his entrance. It was cold against his hot skin, and he keened as Cas thrust it inside. He’s filled with the sudden desire for Cas to be inside him, deep inside him, like Cas had said in the garden. “Cas,” he whispered.
FEATURING: Sam being a good brother. The barn Dean and Cas met in. Dean trying to go suicidal to bring Cas back. Dean apologizing to Jack because I'm a whore for character development & ending the cycle of trauma. Plots that actually work. Cas annoying the Empty by waxing lyrical about Dean like the author of a bad romance novel. Reprising "You asked what's real about all of this. We are."
Those were the last two lines of the song Dean heard as the door swung shut behind them, along with the bartender calling, “Nice jackets, good luck!” as they walked away. Maybe if he’d been sober he could’ve worked out her implication, but right now everything was too funny, because Cas was dragging him by the arm and they kept stumbling over and Cas was laughing louder than Dean had ever heard him laugh. The sun was setting, making the sky that cheesy rom-com rose color.
Dean huffs a laugh. “What are we, lesbians now?”
“Maybe we could do that Shared States spell again,” Dean said sleepily.
, he might have acknowledged that it was actually kind of awesome. But he was, and he just said angrily, “And I reiterate, what the fuck?”
I wondered then what it would be like if he whispered the words, ‘I love you,’ in my ear. His touches no longer spoke the words as clearly as I had heard them once. I thought, if he had said it then, I might have turned back. Turned everything upside down.
Dean scoffs. “What softness,” he tries as a joke.
he could make out on the label. Fuck. He really shoulda read the label before chucking it in the basket.
“My point,” Cas continued as if Dean hadn’t spoken. “Is that we have endured the worst, you and I. We’ve been brutally tortured, fought bloody wars, doubted our own strength- and saved each other.” Dean was fighting to make another sarcastic comment, but he knew Cas was only speaking his mind. He felt pinpricks at the back of his eyeballs, tears threatening to spring loose. “In that past year, you’ve also taught me about humanity. That the greatest challenges do not always come with black eyes.”
I desperately didn't want him to say 'wrong'. So I asked a different question instead. "Do I smell like flowers?"
Cas laid a hand to his chest and frowned in concentration. After a moment, he shook his head. “You couldn’t feel that before?” He sounded almost… put out.
“But I don’t quite understand. The reason he’s travelling all over is to find the girl of his dreams? Someone he loves, something like that?” Cas squinted in the suddenly bright sunlight.
Things have been good. Real good. The snow would come and go, but Cas stayed. Every day, he took pictures with that stupid Polaroid camera Sam gave him; usually, pictures of Dean when Cas thought he wasn't looking. The lucky penny stayed firmly around the angel's neck, too. In fact, things have been so good, that Dean largely forgot that today it was Valentine's Day.
Sammy was away for a few weeks. He’d said he was checking out a case, but Dean knew he’d called a certain pretty yet badass deaf girl a few days back. They’d run into Eileen again on one of their hunts, and Dean figured Sam musta worked the whole nerd puppy dog eyes on her. He took a swig of his cool beer and wiped sweat from his brow. After a hundred years, the air conditioning in the bunker had finally broken. It was sweltering outside and inside. He had his feet up on the table, staring up at the never-ending bookshelves. Not for the first time that day, he was wondering where Cas was. It’d been curiously peaceful the past few days. The angel spent most of his time exploring the bunker, occasionally dunking himself into a book and not emerging for hours. Sometimes he asked Dean to put on Led Zeppelin. Dean smiled. He wouldn’t admit it to save his life, but he happened to have made a certain mixtape for Castiel, which he put on whenever Cas asked. Cas liked the acoustic Led Zeppelin stuff, with the strings and the emotional stuff. Weird angel.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “But I mean, it’s kind of the first time. The bunker was mine, you know? It wasn’t Bobby’s house, or Lisa’s, or any place I was welcome but wasn’t mine.”
“What if he’s awake but he can’t get out?” Dean asks.
“Dean Winchester.” Cas said. “Joshua, and a few others spoke out in my favor. They were few, but I… I hadn’t expected any. Others claimed that for an angel to love a human was blasphemy and that I ought to be punished for it. Eventually, the sides came to a compromise. I was to serve a sentence, as it were, and be stripped of certain things.”
I'm sorry for the wait. Shit's been crazy lately. I hope this explains and concludes the recent angst arc that popped up and makes sense of what's been going on lately. I love y'all :)
It was the last day of summer, and Dean was… what was the word, exactly? Not uneasy. Not flustered. Restless, maybe. Ever since the day he’d played Cas Bluebird, things had felt a little different. Cas stared longer and harder at him than usual. Sam cleared his throat and smirked. And Dean spent a little too much time thinking how him and Cas oughta head out on a roadtrip, just to show Cas the country. Nothing had changed, he told himself. Sam was tracking down a hunt, and they’d start off tomorrow or maybe the day after. All three of them – Sammy shotgun, Cas in the back seat. Nothing had changed. Really.
“It’s cool, Cas.” Dean Winchester was good at getting what he wanted. With a lazy teenage sigh of epic proportions, the guy went through the Staff Only door.
Cas’ words played in his head, and he pressed desperate kisses to the angel’s shoulder, flicking his tongue over Cas’ nipples. Cas groaned. “Dean. I love you. Love having you
Dean mentally grumbled.
“Is this customary?” Cas asked, cradling the pumpkin like a baby, staring into the hole they’d made.
Dean is lost on pleasure, rocking back to meet Cas' thrusts. Cas fucks deep into him, so deep it feels like Cas is in the core of his being. Cas reaches between them and grabs Dean's throbbing cock, stroking him so hard it almost hurts. Dean wraps his arms around Cas, drawing him ever closer. No matter how rough this is, there's something gentle in it too, something in Cas' eyes and the idle circles Dean's fingers trace, trembling, on Cas' shoulders.
Cas thought for a moment, leaning his head against the window. “Sam always said you wanted a family.”
And each time I tell myself that I, well I think I've had enough,
Most of the time, Dean didn’t have a good reason for the
Now he was the one clawing at Cas, clutching at his trench-coat, sobbing out, “You sonofabitch, where were you? Where
"Yes." Cas said matter-of-factly, and Dean realized that he'd never celebrated Christmas before. The Winchester version probably seemed perfectly normal to him.
He stood there, frozen between
“Yeah. Me too.” Sam smiled.
They collapsed to the floor together, Dean unable to hold Cas any longer. Cas fell on top of his chest, and wearily pushed away for a moment to slide off Dean’s dick. Dean wondered if he’d said
“Depression.” Cas seemed to be thinking about the word for a moment, and then he continued, “No, nothing so… rigorously predestined. I merely mean that there’s the possibility for both.”
“Maybe?” Dean frowned. “What does that mean? Either you do, or you don’t.”
It happened, every now and again. It wasn’t like Dean Winchester’s crash course in rock’n’roll minus the sex and drugs was really going to fix an angel’s existential crisis. The signs were becoming all too familiar. Silence which stretched beyond the usual, clasping and unclasping his hands as he stared off into space, lip occasionally trembling and refusing to meet Dean’s eyes, those were the signs. Dean didn’t have any fucking idea what to do. Cas had taken to locking himself into distant rooms of the bunker when he got like this, and it took Dean hours to find him. Once he did find him, Dean just stood there, unable to say anything. More often than not, he slid down the wall to sit on the floor next to Cas, sometimes letting their shoulder brush. There was something so profound about Cas’ sadness that Dean didn’t dare to touch it with a witty hello or a shot of whiskey.
Cas made a noise which was either a moan or some kind of confirmation that he was indeed there, and nuzzled closer. Dean chuckled. He was more than happy in the silence. Possibly because he’d always felt words caused trouble, or maybe just because he was in the silence with Cas.
Dean put on the music and started to strip. He’d always loved this song. It was a few days later, and Cas sat on the edge of his bed, reading. Cas barely used his room anymore, and Dean liked their arrangement. He’d gotten used to the personal space invasion and creepy stares ages ago, and now it happened that they were welcome. They didn’t always talk, but there was an easy companionship between them. Cas liked Dean moving around the room as he read, and Dean liked Cas’ presence as he went about his daily tasks. The mind-blowing sex didn’t hurt either.
Dean hadn't remembered what casette was in the stereo. He might have picked a less sinister number if he'd thought beyond taking Cas out for a drive, but it worked well enough. Sometimes random accidents were good.
under his breath, as he opened the door to the Empty. Michael running at Chuck, jaw set, pushing his father into the portal. Jack's eyes glowed gold as they searched along the invisible strings of the void, untangling them, burning all the energy in the occultum inside him to set it right. Sending everyone back to sleep, filling their dreams with sweetness instead of regret. He smiled. This was what he was made for: creating peace.
Cas bucked his hips back in response, and Dean can feel Cas’ dick throb in his hand. “Dean, god, Dean,” Cas said breathlessly.
“I told you before, I can regulate my vessel’s body temperature.” Cas sighed and returned his attention to whatever he was turning over in his hands.
He bucked his hips against me like a wild thing, and I held onto him tightly, sliding my hands over his bare skin. Eventually, he stepped back for a moment, eyes drinking me in hungrily. I stayed where I was, my arms left to rest over the hood, chest heaving as I lay on the car staring him steadily in the eyes. He came back to me, and sucked and bit and lapped at my skin, leaving curious red marks I could only just see in the dim darkness. He worked his way across my torso with his lips, laughing when I shuddered at the way he toyed with my nipples. He sucked at them, wet heat before his cold teeth twisted groans from me, soothing with kitten licks, and then moving ever lower. He kissed my lean muscles, the curves of my body, until I was a moaning wreck beneath him.
Cas' head rested on Dean's chest. Dean couldn't help thinking, as Cas stroked the bare skin the scoop of his shirt neck exposed, that while Cas was listening, he was a great deal more interested in listening to Dean's heart beat and admiring how well his head fit in the hollow of the hunter's chest. Dean wasn't wrong. He pressed a kiss into the angel's hair.
Cas is struggling with eternal life. Dean questions if he's doing the right thing.
Dean opened his eyes suddenly, green and full of emotion. “You heard that?” His voice cracked.
“What?” Dean asked incredulously.
Castiel nodded. “It… speaks to me somehow.” Dean smiled, figuring that was the highest praise he’d get. “It’s difficult to explain,” Cas said. “But as an angel, I can sense the… essence of things. With people, it’s their soul, and I get a similar sense with music. Dean, that song,” he paused, “reminds me of you.” He ended simply.
Dean let out a light laugh. “All right. What say we get this show on the road?” Somewhere inside him, there was an oddly teenage desire to get loaded with his…Cas, springing maybe from how he’d never done anything like that before. It seemed like everyone, including Sam, had spent those years getting high with their fuck-buddies and friends. In his life, there hadn’t been many times where it was safe to just let loose, when he didn’t have responsibilities. He never would have taken drugs while taking care of Sammy, or when his Dad was in a hundred mile radius. He’d gotten stoned a few times when he was young, in between jobs and on his own, and once in high school. He’d never really gotten into it, though; he had to have his reflexes sharp. He had to know what was real and what wasn’t, and smoking pot didn’t exactly do wonders for that. But they were
I love this song, and hope you will too! This is part one of two for a Valentine's Day chapter - I simply couldn't fit it all into one chapter. Hope you like it. I'm locked up on a mountain cramming for a math exam, but I have nothing else to do, so I'm hoping to update every day for about the next week or so, to make up for the lack of chapters lately. Enjoy!
“So let’s just be clear here. You are point blank asking for my advice on something.” Sam sounded a little too smug.
(See the end of the chapter for
And there's just one word ringing through his ears, only one syllable stopping him from believing it all.
‘Told you once that in my book, this was the same as begging. Well, it is. I’m begging you. I...I.” He lost a handle on the words and felt raw sentiment wave up in his chest, longing that lapped up his throat and tugged his tongue down. “Castiel,” he said, fighting to speak.
“Yes, yes it would.”
“Right.” Dean pressed his lips together, nodding. “Do you wanna?”
And Cas was already waiting outside for him, flopped down on the dark green lawn and ignoring the perfectly good chairs. Dean rolled his eyes, trying to pretend the sight of Cas in his light blue button up and dark jeans, looking unusually relaxed on the grass, eyes sparkling, didn’t send flutters through his stomach. It didn’t work, and so he knelt by Cas, handing him the tequila.
Something just didn't seem right about that, though. Maybe it was because Cas was one in a million, angel powers and the fact they'd met when he rescued Dean from hell not withstanding. And a box of chocolates and some prissy smelling candles just didn't do that justice. So he downed the remnants of his glass of water and tiptoed past his and Cas' bedroom, sat down in front of the cassette desk, and set about thinking.
Cas started to laugh, long and loud. “What?” Dean asked several times, panicked, before eventually he just stared at the hysterical angel.
I got my start in fanfic and without all the encouragement and feedback from lovely lovely fans some years back, might not be doing writing today.
“And this song…” he laughed a little. “Well, I s’pose it makes me think of you. I’ve never been sure whether it’s happy or sad, but it’s a great song,” he finished abruptly, an idea forming.
you?” Cas held him for a minute, steady, solid, so good.
Cas opened it, and a small smile fell across his face. It was a smile of understanding just out of grasp.
Cas stood, the neck of the guitar clasped in one hand. “I should, ah, I should go home.”
He wondered. And that sent a twinge through his side, because Cas never got irony, and Cas wasn’t here. He was gone.
Cas sinks down on Dean, who cries out. Pure relief. Cas stops short at the base of Dean’s cock so he won’t come.
that. Something still don’t fit. And he was just doing his job, like he’d do any other day.
They're shaking and sweating and already so close. Dean can feel the edges of pleasure curling around him, and thunder rolls outside. Rain pounds on the roof. Cas' lips capture Dean's, and they kiss as best they can.
Cas chuckled. “Dodgy crap. I see. Well, I guess Metatron was right. Maybe I am in love with humanity.” He shrugged, before slipping the glass cased butterfly into his trench coat pocket. “You know, one of the Men of Letters studied butterflies. Kept specimens in secret compartments in this room. He was convinced they had humanity.”
Dean fell asleep tangled under Cas, completely oblivious when the angel carried him back to their room on shaking legs. Cas cleaned them both with a hot washcloth and then slipped into bed beside Dean, curled up around him.
After scouring every room in the bunker, putting off the eventuality of what he might say or do once he found the angel, he noticed that the room with the cassette player’s door was shut. Frowning, he gave three ginger knocks. There was no response, and Dean opened the heavy door.
Cas knelt by him, and cupped his cheek. Dean closed his eyes, and the wounds which had dotted his body now dissipated to nothing more than scars and dried blood on his clothes. Dean leaned into the touch. He didn’t mean to; it was a habit now, more than anything. Cas didn’t move his hand until Dean jerked away, suddenly aware of himself.
Dean wakes to warmth. When he reaches his hand under his pillow for his gun, he doesn’t find it. His fingertips trail along an arm, instead, arms suspiciously like the ones he’d imagined while falling back asleep and calling out ‘five more minutes’ for years. Warmth, everywhere. What a concept. He grunts, a little confused, and nestles against it.
“I hurt you,” Dean said, his fingers lifting to trace along the scar.
“Of course.” Dean could have cried out with the sense of loss when Cas sat up and disentangled himself from Dean. The curve of his waist, where Cas’ arm had draped, felt raw and exposed.
I reached up to begin to open him, but he breathed out harshly, "No, fuck Cas, just fuck me."
Castiel nodded. “Yes. You have the key?” Dean nodded, and walked to him, pressing the key into Cas’ upturned palm. “The radio plays whatever your idea of divinity is,” Cas added as an afterthought. Dean blinked. He supposed he had nobody but himself to blame for the odd choice. He’d wanted to wait to show Cas this song until he knew Cas was on better terms with being an angel and general references to God than he had been when he’d first come to the bunker.
Cas had his eyes closed, brow bunched up in concentration. Dean drained the rest of his beer and wished he’d brought another.
He closed his eyes, and somehow that was enough for me to rend myself away. When he opened them, I was gone. I had had a brief whirlwind fantasy of staying there, clinging to him, saying I would stand down. In the end, though, neither of us would stand down. It wasn't in our nature. I took satisfaction, though, in one small fact. He could hurt me with his words, his actions, with a glance. He could hurt me merely by his absence. But this time, the one time he had
“You what?!” Dean hissed, grabbing Cas by the lapels of his trench-coat, hauling him closer and holding him on his tiptoes. He opened his mouth to say more, to yell at Cas, punch him maybe, but instead he just pressed his lips closed, withholding a sob.
After Dean made a feeble attempt to stand and failed, they crawled to the nearest cherry tree. Cas leaned back against the trunk, and Dean collapsed against him, lying between his legs and letting his head rest against Cas’ chest. The white petals around them were a blur as Dean’s eyes half-closed. One of Cas’ hands rested firmly around Dean’s waist, while the other worked its way all across him, as if Cas was assuring himself that Dean was indeed all right.
Cas nodded once, a smile threatening to break loose. "I will throw myself in front of every bullet meant for you I can and I will not apologize. And I will always do my best to come back to you. But, I have a chair now. I think that means I'm here to stay." Dean let out a low laugh. "Come on," Cas said, voice on the verge of breaking from emotion, "Come on," he said, pulling Dean to his feet for a long kiss, lips and bodies pressed together until the inches between had vanished.
When Dean had taken his first swallow of ice cold beer, and Sam was gazing up at the gently glowing Christmas tree branches, Cas interjected, “I heard an exchange of gifts was customary.” He stumbled, as though he was afraid he might be wrong. “I was, erm, unfamiliar with the concept, so I hope…”
“Dean.” The word was broken, and Cas slumped against him, pulling out as gently as he could. Dean hissed, and turned round, kneeling, so he was facing Cas. His legs shook. He took Cas’ face in both hands, kissed the shaking, sweaty angel once, and pulled Cas down on top of Dean. Their bodies fell together perfectly. Through half closed eyelashes, he stared up at the white ceiling. Cas was peppering his collarbone and neck with tender, open-mouthed kisses. Dean ran a hand through Cas’ fluffy black hair. They’d talk. Soon. He’d given himself this afternoon, though, and so he wrapped his arms around Cas and let the stillness wash over him.
"You're Castiel. You're the only friend I got left. You're not broken. You're just... learning to fly."
“I mean it,” Cas said, more aggressively now.
Take it!
Jack is strict on the no interference policy, though. There will be no showing his wings to restore the broken’s faith, no alternate timelines created to show how much difference one life can make. Cas understands why Meg called him Clarence, now. He
He blinked, once, and then leaned in and gently sniffed my neck. I heard his voice crack as he said, "Yeah, Cas. You smell like flowers."
Dean’s first response was anger flooding through him and a thick, “I would never.” His second response was also anger, but directed at himself rather than Sam. Sam only had to say that because Dean had a long string of love em’s and leave em’s. Because he probably hurt Cas more times than he cared to count. “Things are different now,” he said through his teeth.
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby!
Dean bit his lip. This was unfamiliar territory. Never, in all of his sexual escapades, had anyone wanted to watch him jerk off, which was actually surprising when you consider how many women he’d slept with. This was intimate in a totally peculiar way.
Dean sighed. “They can stay.” His foot was definitely not tapping. He walked off to find Cas, leaving Sam holding a cassette. Following the light singing, he made his way along the corridor. Cas had his back to him and was singing. He knocked on the wall.
When we were both on the edge just from rocking together in our jeans, he grabbed my hips to stop me. I growled, until I felt what he pressed into my hand. Lube. I laughed. Probably with an expiration date of 2010, but what did that matter. I had no idea where he'd gotten it, and I didn't care. I ripped it open and we laughed as the smell of artificial strawberries filled the air. I unzipped his jeans and pulled them down around his ankles, watching hungrily as his hard cock sprung up to his stomach.
"You've been undressed with me before. I don't see how this would be so different." I frowned, inhaling the smell of hay and dust.
They're idiots your honour...Unfortunately a single kiss doesn't fix crippling self-esteem issues.
Dean scoffs, then turns his gaze down to count the wrinkles in his duvet. “Yeah.”
And Sam let him go, his gut twisting, because after so long, hadn't they learned that lesson? He shepherded out Jack and Michael and, with one last glance over his shoulder, stepped through. His first breath of air in this new world of free will was sharp and cold without his brother, but it carried possibility, too.
Guilt hit him like a slap across the face, but he shoved it down before he bothers to ask where it came from. “Get outta my face, Cas.” He said. Anything to just forget this.
"Better?" Cas asked cockily.
He felt Cas’ eyes burning into the nape of his neck, but remained stubbornly with his back to Cas. Instead, he turned up the cassette player as far as it would go. Ac/Dc. He reached for a shotglass and filled it sloppily before downing it. As the burn in his throat subsides, he contemplates exactly how they got here. It’s not really his fault, he tries to tell himself. Cas still isn’t being totally honest, he
Cas nodded. “Do you play music?”
Steppenwolf - Born to Be Wild
“You think…” Dean stumbled. “You think I didn’t trust you to save her or something?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel sensed the change in him and strode to Dean, standing uncomfortably close. “It’s different now,” he growled. “It’s meant to be different now.”
The spell was said to work best in conditions of spatiotemporal congruence, where timelines could align most easily and the veil between what was and what will be was thinnest. That was how the Winchesters found themselves in an abandoned barn with blown out lightbulbs in Kansas. Dean was shaking.
Didn't I make you feel like you were the only man - yeah!
"Come on, Cas!" Sam was coming home tomorrow. Dean took the stairs two at a time as he looked around for Cas. Wherever had the angel gotten to? He'd be happy to have his brother back, but a tiny part of him itched to spend more time with Cas. It'd been the same when Cas had come asking for his help with Raphael and they'd wound up at the brothel. He smiled privately. There was just something about the way things were between them alone that changed when Sammy was there. If Dean had been one for examining feelings, he probably would have said things were more open between them. Lucky for him, he wasn't.
“No,” Cas ground out, and Dean didn’t blame him. But he didn’t say anything other than, “Because I have you.”
“So your problem is that you’re a giant puppy dog in love and she’s a smart girl who doesn’t want to get involved too fast?” Dean summarized.
Silent tears were streaming down his face, and I reached out and took one of his hands in both of mine. "Dean, don't."
"Of course." I said. So, I'd gotten the courtesy apology followed by an enlistment letter for the lethal cause. I expected to die anyway. I might as well do it for him.
“I missed this,” Dean cast the words into the silence.
“No,” Cas countered simultaneously.
Dean was throbbing by the time he decided they needed to up the ante. Him coming against Cas’ pants wouldn’t do. He wanted Cas to completely lose it first. He only dimly remembered the excuse about making sure Cas could aim under distractions; it had all become a game. He knelt down and crawled in front of Cas, staring up at the angel from the floor. Cas bit his lip, eyes darting down to where Dean’s dick was red and heavy between his legs. “Eyes on the target,” Dean instructed before slowly,
Cas’ frown deepened. “That’s not true.”
It doesn’t matter what body he’s in, it’s Cas. Is this actually the first time you’ve fallen for somebody based on their personality?” Sam smirked, then realized he was side-tracking. “Besides, doesn’t it make it kind of… more special that way?”
“Nah. I’m good. You two have fun,” Sam said.
Cas fumbled to hang it around his neck. Sam was watching with a curious expression, but didn’t intrude. When Cas was done, it hung down lightly, resting at the hollow of Cas' collarbone. Dean’s lips twitched. It looked damn good on him, bringing out the pink flush in his skin.
“Dean…” Cas glared at the stereo.
Cas grinned. “I like this game.”
Sam paused. “More like by the time I got there she’d broken out and ganked all the witches. But I’m officially allowed to call her now.”
“I didn’t,” Dean says gently. And Cas is back.
Cas kisses him. The angel is practically vibrating with electricity and barely restrained power, and he threads a hand through Dean’s hair and pulls him exactly where it seems like Dean was always meant to be. Dean closes his eyes. Opens his lips for some blessing like water in a desert. Cas’ lips are chapped, but his tongue is hot and slick and Dean draws it into his mouth sweetly and makes it a home there. Something burns at the hem of Dean’s shirt and his eyelashes flutter darker and it’s much, much later when he realizes he’d felt a spark from the lightbulbs blowing out.
but he carefully ignored it. He swiped a blue leather jacket from deep inside his closet after donning his own familiar brown one. He eyed it, making sure it was the right fit. Dean had never worn it – a chick had left it in the back seat of his Impala after a one night stand, but it had been big on her and he was pretty sure it had been her ex’s. Not that he was going to tell any of this to Cas, of course.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas let out a quiet growl against Dean’s skin, and Dean blinked. He half expected nails to rake up his side at the sound Cas let out, but it sounded more like he was fighting with himself. “When you die,” he finally said. “You’ll remember when you die.”
Dean gazed in awe at the man – the angel before him. “I love you,” Dean said breathlessly. “Every. Last. Part of you.” He punctuated every word with a thrust, deeply now, pulling out and then slamming all the way back in. Cas’ eyes flew wide, and his lips made an O shape.
“Well, I...perhaps I was mistaken. What for?”
Cas scissors them inside, mouthing his way up Dean’s cock, loving the way it jerks even at the mere swipe of his lips. A flush is spreading across Dean’s collarbones, and his lips are bitten red. He puts his hand through Cas’ hair like he’s touching a holy relic.
“Do you want to come inside me?” Cas asked, and maybe if Dean hadn’t been so lost in lust, he would have noticed the dangerous edge to Cas’ voice.
Then Dean takes his boxers off and licks him, and Cas isn’t responsible for the strangled noise of wonder he lets out. Dean’s pupils darken, and he leans in again, taking kitten licks all across Cas’ cock. He purses his lips at the head and lets a cool wash of saliva slick its length. Cas watches those plush pink lips open to take the head of his cock in. Dean’s mouth is just as pliant and wanting as it was when they’d kissed. Cas moans at the thought this is something he’ll get to have again, to have over and over. Dean sucks and swipes his tongue over Cas’ slit, and Cas goes hazy with pleasure. “Dean,” he murmurs. That name – it’s all he has to hold onto.
“I come here to think. If you ever try hard enough, no matter where you are, you can find your way back here.” Cas said, still kneeling.
Also, I need song recs. *Classic rock* please, added bonus if they're about sex because I have many smutty chapters coming up planned. I may not be able to use all of your song suggestions, but I'm eternally grateful to you for taking the time to read and review :) Love y'all!
Dean’s brain buzzes. “Bobby knew you were gay back in 2009?”
“You wanna do this, I can’t stop you. I might as well be there.” He scratched at the back of his neck. “And I did promise to teach you about humanity.”
It was a few days after that, after a day of brutal training and practice to help Dean regain his former strength. (Sam would be back from a case in a few days and Dean didn’t want him to notice anything amiss.) Dean was ready to collapse into bed, muscles aching everywhere, when he heard footsteps at his door.
you.”
It was later, when the purr of his engine had long since vanished, and he was on some distant highway, and I stood on the gravel road, straining to see any trace of the kiss we had shared in my surroundings, that it occurred to me. To Dean Winchester, 'I need you' is the same as 'I love you.'
Dean wrung his hands. Because if Cas hadn’t left for any of the reasons Dean had already thought of, which he wouldn’t, God, he couldn’t, then that meant something bad had happened. Something dangerous. Which meant Cas could be dead. Fuck, he could be dead.
She Don't Care About Time, by The Byrds
He kissed me back. He kept murmuring words in between our kisses, like ‘slow’ and ‘are you – sure?’ but I ignored them all, shaking my head when he spoke, pressing up against him. We were messy and unpracticed, like two school boys, but as we stood there, the rain pounding and shaking the roof, I felt the war, the anger, the exhaustion melt out of him. It was as though my kiss had purified him, and he kept coming back for more.
“Yeah?” Dean scarcely dared to open his eyes.
“Of course.” Dean smiled and nodded, before pressing play. He’d been worried about this, because how the hell could he help an angel having an existential crisis? But this felt good. An unfamiliar kind of good, sure, but it was still good.
When Cas looked up at him with blue eyes darkened with lust, though, he caved. The angel was kneeling by his feet, and Dean knew he’d have his way with Cas just as soon as Cas had had his.
“And how do you propose to go about ‘getting me laid’?” Cas asked, with a frown.
up?” Dean asked, grumbling and going to stand in the corner with his hands over his eyes. “It’s not even a word.”
But – no – it’s unthinkable. “You can’t,” Dean says, loud and abrupt. To reduce Cas down into a shell, into a state Dean had abandoned him in, to make him so powerless as to force him to stay.
He gripped Cas’ cock in one hand, stroking him until he was fully hard. Dean knew he couldn’t last long, not with how perfectly tantalizing this felt. They were hungry for each other, consummating the years of longing and prayer and pain, and no matter how much they got of each other, they’d still need more.
I mean, the angel could be anywhere, doing anything. And somehow he was standing next to Dean Winchester, listening to classic rock.
They’d been on a hunt together. Nasty vamp nest ganging up on local high school girls – it felt a bit cliché. Anyway, Sam had been pinned down and Cas was icing vamps like a pro, going to help Sam. The vamp leader, some chick Dean probably woulda thought was hot in another life, had grabbed his gun from the floor. She’d shot at the girl who Dean had told to run, to save herself. Dean thought the bitch had done it just to be, well, a bitch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdhkaPZtQF4
Dean thinks that this reference, Cas understands.
“Wow,” Sam let out a long breath. “That’s, um, convenient.”
When Cas turned to Dean, smiling over his shoulder, blue eyes sparkling, everything stopped. What remaining breath he had was punched out of him and his heart took a good moment to remember it had to keep beating. “Come here,” Cas murmured, holding out a hand. Dean went without question.
Dean took Cas by the hand, and led him wordlessly to the shower. Cas broke the silence only once Dean had unbuttoned his shirt, to ask, “Dean, why are we in here?”
Tears slid down my face, and the first words I said were, "Why can't I breathe?"
Something changed when he pressed a hot, wet kiss to Cas’ shoulderblade. Cas arched his back and whined, his hand tightening over Dean’s. Dean paused, and did it again. Cas gasped his name, and Dean was suddenly rock hard. He palmed Cas through his boxers with the hand Cas wasn’t grasping, and found without surprise that he was too. He brushed his lips softly over the bone, wondering what it was about this spot that drove Cas crazy.
“And keeping you human?”
Dean frowned, wondering if he might get whiplash from Cas’ moods today, but he followed nonetheless.
Cas replied by lifting the hem of Dean’s black t-shirt over his head. Dean chuckled. Clothes were discarded lazily. They weren’t in a hurry. Even when their bare skin touched, when Cas started stroking Dean’s hardening cock, it was slowly. Dean wanted this moment to last forever. Cas knelt before him, and Dean took his time working him open with his tongue and teasing fingers. He was more aware of Cas’ sighs and moans than he was his own breaths, which were by now ragged with want. The rain fell hard, echoing on the roof. They made love slowly, rocking against each other until they couldn’t stand it anymore. Until they let go, and let sweat and ecstasy and steadily thumping hearts take them over. Dean didn’t pull out, they only fell to the floor and lay there and were still together once more. Their bodies tangled together, and the rain fell.
“Yeah,” he muttered. “Grand Canyon it is. But it’s gonna take days of driving.” Something about the idea of sharing a motel room with both the angel and his brother didn’t appeal to Dean. Sam probably wouldn’t appreciate Dean having Cas-related sex dreams. Cas regarded them as prayers, and fucking weird as that was, it was… well, whatever.
Dean knelt down to the ground and quickly scooped up some snow. It was so cold it stung his fingers, but he packed it as best he could. When Cas was looking away, he tossed it quickly. He let out a low whistle. Perfect aim. It’d hit the angel square in the chest, and Cas turned to look down at it, brushing flakes away while he considered it curiously. A few moments later, he seemed to realize that Dean had thrown it and turned to glower at him. Fuck, he’d forgotten that badass stare. Yeah, the one the last person that gave him that look, he’d gotten laid. He laughed as Cas tried to throw a handful of snow at him.
Cas clasped Dean’s hand as another firework lit up the sky, showering red and gold sparks all across the firmament.
Cas was silent for a moment. “Dean… I’m not sure anything like that has ever happened before, or since. The pure connection of a human soul and angelic grace, with no earthly constraints…” Dean bit his lip. Earthly constraints? Like… bodies? “That’s such an incredibly rare occurrence. Possession isn’t the same, usually one consciousness is shoved to the side to make room for the dominant one. I never thought I’d have occasion for such a thing again, so I didn’t miss it, if you see what I mean,” Cas trailed off.
“Possibly. Assuming they don’t decide better of it.” Cas said.
He whistled on the way to his bedroom. An empty bunker was good news. He swallowed. The door was open and the third song on the mixtape he’d made was playing.
The flash of shock I had expected to see didn't come. He stared at me, steadily. I waited for him to speak, running my fingers teasingly under the waistband of his boxers, mouthing at his erection through the dampened fabric.
we know we’ll die some day.”
I hope I smothered you in a little fluff here :)
, Earth now whispered
Dean groaned, the full heat of his arousal hitting him fully.
He reached for his shirt where it lay in a pile on the floor, but Cas appeared in front of him and stood immobile. Dean tried to stop his bottom lip quivering. Why the fuck was the angel so stony-faced? Would it kill him to show some emotion for once? Any clue of what went on in there? Dean cursed as a single tear slid down his face, but reaching up to wipe it away would be a different kind of concession, one which he wasn’t ready to make. It said, you not only get to see me at my most vulnerable, but you get to see my poor attempt at covering it up. No thanks.
When he blinked, and a single tear fell onto my hipbone, I shoved his head away. I found my clothes on the floor and dragged them onto my body roughly. I could feel his eyes on my back all the while.
“Okay,” Dean says slowly. “Wing me up, Scotty.”
"No," Dean says shakily. He hadn't prayed. He'd told himself he needed to get over the thoughts spinning round his mind, longings and wishes and aches that demand to be kissed better.
When the chair was finished and had been installed in what had become Cas' room, Cas was ready to talk. He sat down in his chair experimentally, laid his hand on the armrest, and nodded his approval. Dean took a deep breath and stared down at his shoes, which did not prepare him for what came next.
That was what Sam had read to him on a website about ‘coping with PTSD’ after Cas had died. Dean hadn’t listened: he wanted to keep seeing Cas in any way he could, even if it was mentally scarring.
Dean feels stunned, too. He’s staring at the one thing he wanted but thought he couldn’t have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo2qQmj0_h4
“Please. It can’t hurt.”
and took off his t-shirt. He briefly wished he’d brought swimming trunks, but kicked off his shoes and decided his shorts would do fine.
“Fuck,” Dean says, and flips Cas on his back. Dean doesn’t kiss him, though. Dean laughs into his chest. Cas’ heart, which beats only out of strict necessity, flutters. “How dumb can we be.”
It'd been three days since Cas had closed his eyes. Two days since Sam left - his brief phone call led Dean go believe that he was systematically burning the cemetery - and Cas still hadn't woken up.
Cas moaned, and Dean could feel the vibrations travelling along his dick. He cried out. Cas was going faster now, and Dean’s eyes were half closed. He was shaking with how close he was, the heat coiling in his stomach and begging for release, but he never wanted this to stop. Cas was worshipping his cock, eying Dean like he was something marvellous. It should’ve felt wrong, like he was corrupting an angel, but it felt perfect. Right. Cas moaned again, louder, and shoved a second finger into Dean’s tight hole. He blinked up at the hunter through hooded eyes, and Dean knew his soul must be laid bare.
? Nice to hear from you too, dearie. You could’ve popped down for a cuppa, you know.”
The buzzing died away, leaving Dean rigid in shock. He bit his lip. He looked at the wall; anywhere but Cas’ wide blue eyes, cheeks dusted with half-light; and said, “Meet me in the Impala.”
I laughed, laughed in horrible giddy gasps that seized my whole chest. "Dean," I said breathlessly. "How could I ever have done anything else?"
“Yes. We are still hunting, correct?” Cas raised a solitary eyebrow and Dean turned back to the wheel.
The wind started to blow, and more leaves rained down. Cas tilted his head to look up at the sky, reaching out to briefly touch the leaves as they drifted by. A small yellow one settled in his messy hair. He clasped an orange one, holding it up to the light, blue eyes all aglow. It was at that moment that Dean put a name to the breaking sensation inside him. It was right then that he fell in love with Castiel.
Dean pouted. He never wanted to keep it quiet. Cas’ moans were quite possibly the sexiest sounds he’d ever heard.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “That spell we did’s faded, huh?”
Dean swallows. “And?”
Cas steadies his breath, then props himself up on an elbow. Slowly, watching Dean, he thrusts into the hunter’s mouth. Dean’s jaw goes lax and the lines around his eyes melt away. He moans, helpless and contented, and Cas feels it around his dick. Cas starts taking his pleasure from Dean, curving his palm to Dean’s cheek to feel the shape of him pressing inside, and watches Dean let him take it. Cas can’t last long like that. Dean looks so beautiful like this. His mouth is hot and sweet around Cas as he aches for release. Cas’ whole body burns with a fever to show that it’s alive, that it’s really whole again. Cas groans, loud and broken and melodical, twisting his fingers in Dean’s sweat-damp hair. He comes in long, shaking, ecstatic jerks down Dean’s throat. The fuse in the bunker goes out. Neither notices.
“Third circle,” Cas reported, voice rough.
Dean smiled. He liked morning after Cas. He was freer.
Piece of My Heart, by Janis Joplin (Thank you, Ravenwolf36 for recommending this song ages ago!)
They settled down in the comfy red cinema chairs, as crappy trailers started to play. “OK,” Dean whispered, even though they were the only ones in the theatre. “I want you to close your eyes, and think me. Think hard.”
, and I can’t keep it together without you, I can’t. You were right, too, I tried to keep you however I could. Saying we were brothers. All that. I guess it was the only love I ever had that didn’t up and die on me. I was quiet, for years, because I said it in that crypt and you didn’t say it back and I thought, okay. Leave the angel be. But then. You said. You loved me. And everything else and I – I guess I got a little mixed up – but I
“I love it,” Castiel finished, clasping the bleached tan guitar to him. The words sounded foreign in Cas’ mouth, the way they rolled off his tongue. It was all scratched up, but Cas didn’t care. From Dean’s limited knowledge of guitars, it was acoustic, seriously old, maybe three quarter size, but pretty decent.
It had been a few weeks ago when it happened. When he finally said it.
"Well, this time's gonna be different. No disappearing, either." He drummed his fingers against the wheel.
Cas nods. “Your eyes are greener, because it’s morning. Like apples, or like peridot. Did you know, people used to believed those gemstones fell from the sky, because they’re formed in erupting volcanoes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas pulled the trigger and pumped the shotgun in one fluid movement, releasing the red shell to the floor. Dean let out a low whistle. Cas had split the target figure’s head in half. “Try with the semi-automatic now.” Cas laid the shotgun down on the table after checking that there weren’t anymore shells left in the barrel, and picked up the other gun. He inserted the magazine clip, took the safety off and with only the muscle of his jaw flexing, planted three bullets in the bull’s-eye.
“Do it,” he grunts to Jack. “Fast.”
Was that a happy sigh or a sad sigh? Dean wished he had a better handle on Cas’ happiness.
He went faster now, sliding his lips up and down determinedly, fisting what he couldn’t take in his mouth. Cas panted, moaning softly. It just struck him how fucking unique this was, an angel, willingly exposed and almost letting his wings show, making love to a hunter, a broken human, just because they needed each other –
“Dean,” the angel returned easily.
“That makes you demisexual,” the bar tender commented.
Cas had finally said, “I know,” his mouth twisting up in a half smile. Dean could have hit him, or kissed him, but he just looked steady on at Cas with the full knowledge those were the last words he might ever hear. As it turned out, they weren’t. The ghosts were gone. They were safe, still crouching against the Impala, eyes fixed on one another. When Dean realized his heart wasn’t going to calm, he knelt down at cupped Cas’ face, and then he did kiss him. Their tongues slid across one another, slick and hot and perfect with teeth grazing over lips and Dean twisting their fingers together and squeezing too hard because he’d finally said it.
“We coulda died in there,” he said, rubbing a hand over his neck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCB_INs2E24
, kept on
(See the end of the chapter for
I walked out his door in much the same state I had once came in. That was the first time I took the pills. A few days after that was the first time I slept with someone else. Two weeks later, drugs, and sometime later, the orgies started. I lost myself. If he thought I was broken, then I would be. If only to forget that he thought I was, or that I was, or something... I lost the distinction somewhere along the line.
“Uh,” Dean said. “I don’t know. Maybe?” Normally he tried to answer Cas’ questions as best as he could, but he was totally out of his depth with this one. He sighed, and they were quiet for a moment. “I think sometimes,” he said haltingly, “It comes from trying to be something you’re not.”
If people really want it, I'd add an epilogue, but I feel like it ties in better with the beginning this way. It's made me so happy to be able to spin a story for y'all. I'm sad to end this, but also so very happy I wrote it.
Miracle nuzzles at his knee. "Yeah, you're right, girl. It is time for a walk."
"Go without me, Sammy. I have to find him. It’s Cas."
Dean could hold out for a long time, even with the touch of his own rather experienced hand. He’d started off slow, but something about the way Cas was looking at him went way down, made him want that explosive pleasure
“Dean, I’d like that.” Castiel offered a small smile.
We all knew, though. Surely we all knew. He wasn't really ever hers, how could he be, once he'd been mine?
Dean let out a puff of air. That was something to take in. “What the hell,” he kissed Cas on the top of the head. And if Cas happened to see that recurring dream, the one where they ran away to Vegas and got married while Can’t Help Falling In Love With You  played… well. That was that.
“Dean,” Cas breathed at the gentle kisses Dean trailed along his neck.
Also: yes, things will get physical between them soon. Sometimes all it takes is a little snow...
"Yes," Dean whispered. So close now. So fucking close. Cas keened against him, skin slapping against skin, sinking into Cas' hot center. "Say it again," he bid quietly.
“Dean.” Cas cut him off, raising his head to look at Dean. “This is perfect.” With a stony glare, he silenced Dean’s blabbering.
The second he prayed for Cas, sought him out in this spinning mess of their souls, it changed. What had before been far removed from his physical senses snapped back into place. The same misty, abstract, shining comprehension of their consciousness’ mixing together remained, but all his physical senses returned.
Then he noticed the tinge of fear in Cas’ eyes, and cupped the angel’s face with a hand. “Hey. What is it?”
The portal was closing, and the flutters of daylight it let through were fading away into nothingness.
Dean gasped out a startled laugh as they appeared on the floor of the Grand Canyon. “What the hell, Cas?” He asked, still laughing.
And sure, he kissed Dean back, but he’d kissed Meg pretty good once too. Maybe Cas just liked to give as good as he got: hell, better. Dean’s chest clenches thinking he’d never get to kiss Cas again.
“I like it,” Dean says, leaning forward to give his forehead a kiss. “Who else can I show a movie to four times and still explain the references to.”
Instead, he smiled and turned away, starting up the cassette player. “Spirit were one of those classic groups that now nobody’s heard of,” he said like nothing had happened. In his mind, though, he was storing that memory away. Cas, leaning against the door in the dusky light, eyes sparkling as he said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0W1v0kOELA
Cas’ face. He didn’t even have time to think over whether he should be worrying about it before Sam grinned suspiciously widely, dropped his duffle on the floor and announced, “It’s about time.”
“Tell me what you want,” Cas said in a low voice, bracing himself up on his arms so he was under where Dean knelt, his head coming up to Dean’s chin.
Where once Heaven rang loud and clear with the words
“I just –” Dean rolls his tongue around his teeth. “You’re like, this ancient cosmic entity. And I’m some guy. I mean, you’ve got your full strength back now, if that grace holds. I’m just...I’m so much sm-smaller than you.”
Cas’ aim was nearly flawless, but Dean reached up to steady his hand anyway, savoring the press of Cas’ body against his. Cas’ eye was trained intently on the sights of the gun; that laser-like stare which Dean realized was usually aimed at him. “Now shoot,” Dean whispered in his ear, bracing his shoulder.
I was alone in my vessel for the first time. Jimmy had died when the archangel blew me to pieces in Chuck’s living room. It was odd, to be alone in this body which was now technically mine. I began to realize that certain thoughts, certain hungers, which before I had taken for granted as background hum from Jimmy’s thoughts, were my own. It was startling, to say the least.
The bowl of herbs and sparkling powder goes up in a violet plume of light.
he thought blankly. “You like watching me, huh?” Dean asked, tone dirty as he ran a hand over Cas’ hipbones and thighs, touching him everywhere but where he needed it.
“Yeah. Well, no. I don’t think about butterflies much, man. But I get that you do. And it’s cool.” God, he was glad Sammy wasn’t around. He wasn’t sure his macho cred would ever recover from saying that thinking about butterflies was cool.
saying entirely too much.
My cock was hard and standing to attention between my legs, but I tried to keep my breathing even. I wanted to understand. I really, truly, did. Why did humans connect something as beautiful as what Dean and I had done to each other with the idea of immorality?
“Right.” Sam sat down on the bed gingerly.
“I know,” Cas says. “We can go back.”
Fuck me, Valentine's Day is going to get divided into three parts, because I couldn't cut down the angsty fluff for this chapter in time to give you sexy times.
Cas cried out, coming hard over their chests, Dean’s name on his lips. Light filled the room, but not blindingly. It was gentle, almost caressing his skin as it spilled from Cas’ eyes. Dean grinned against his neck, stroking Cas until his shouts of ecstasy were whispers of, “I love you.
It was maybe ten o’clock and still light when they leaned against the Impala, the Grateful Dead cassette on repeat just because Cas liked it so much.
Dean waited, green eyes reading a silent,
I nodded, skin prickling with how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1z4vkPWkLQ
Cas looks down at Dean, who’s softening where he lies at Cas’ side.
Sam sighed, and ran a hand over his face. “There’s a problem.” Dean waited. “I fell for her,” he said sheepishly. “And I told her so.” Dean prepared to wince, wondering if the wedding ring gift hadn’t made things worse. “I mean, we’re both hunters, so I didn’t expect lollipops and roses. I just thought she oughta know. She got this funny look in her eyes and said she should think about it. That’s not the problem. Do you know what, Dean? Even when she was walking away from me saying she needed ‘time’, I still… loved her.” He frowned at the words, then smiled.
, but I didn't make the first move. Looking back, I don't know why I didn't. Dean Winchester was mortal, a beautiful flame likely about to be snuffed out, and I merely stood there and watched him? Perhaps it was because I was still unaccustomed to free will and the rush of recklessness which accompanied it.
“Sit,” he said numbly, gesturing towards the chair. Cas ignored it and sank to the floor instead, suddenly overcome. Dean was only a moment in sliding down beside him. Letting their shoulders touch.
“W-what?” Dean gulped. Cas couldn’t mean… God, he hoped not.
Dean nodded slowly. “That I do.” Falling in love with an angel kind of removed your expectations for everybody else’s relationships.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's a hot day in the bunker when Cas is thinking about butterflies and Dean is playing the Allman Brothers Band.
die, mixed together with a glorious coping of his heart aching and that strange wonder he’d felt when he saw Cas’ wings for the first time. He manages to growl out, “Just take another piece of my heart, why don’t you?”
Somehow, inbetween strangled breaths, Dean manages to tell Cas his dream.
I showed up on his car, naked and covered in bees.
Dean realized.
Dean sighed happily into Cas’ black hair. “Yeah.” He muttered, before stepping back from Cas and placing Cas’ hands back where they had been. Cas rolled his eyes, and they moved together around the room again. It was better this time. The tension had gone out of Cas’ muscles, and they moved almost in sync. Dean had to admit he adored this, even when Cas accidentally stepped on his feet. He was pretty rusty, too.
He stared up at Cas’ eyes, which were glassy and red at the edges, but still so very
“Someday, I’ll shut it up for good. I’m sure I can appease it until then.”
Cas nodded, and they worked their way into the back seat, until Cas was all the way pressed up against the window and Dean was on top of him, their legs tangled together. Dean slammed the door. The music was loud in here, and Dean closed his eyes for a moment, letting himself take it in. Cas’ rough stubble against his skin, Paul Rogers’ sex incarnate voice washing over him. Cas was having none of that, though, and Dean gasped as he felt the angel’s lips, warm and wet and sucking a damn
So I wrote this at 6 a.m. while very feverish but it's one of my favorite chapters so far, so enjoy!
“Yeah?” Dean asked, sleepy and sated.
And he didn't dare look up or raise his shining wet face from the dark of Cas' t-shirt shoulder, not until he heard it.
Cas turned away, the light silhouetting the line of his jaw. “I don’t know.” He sounded small and lost and Dean remembered then, goddamnit, that that’s part of what Cas had been struggling with for so long.
“Sad songs don’t always make humans sad,” Cas turned his blue eyes on Dean as a query.
“All right.”
“Shut up, Dean.” He’d said, still holding the hunter by the shoulder, whispering the last word low and hot into Dean’s ear before kissing his head and vanishing.
This is a bit of an angsty chapter, but I hope Destiel feels will make up for it. Thank you, Ravenwolf36 for recommending this song!
“I wouldn’t care if there had been other guys,” Sam said gently. Dean wondered if he thought the words would spark some confession about gay orgies or something, he said it so gingerly. Dean had been telling the truth, though. “It kinda makes sense, don’t you think?” Dean had a horrible feeling Sam was trying to explain Dean’s own feelings to him, and that he was about to do rather a good job. “I mean, you keep saying it,
Cas didn’t say anything, but his grip on Dean’s hand tightened.
With his other hand, he braces underneath Cas’ shoulder, so he can’t get away. Then with a deft flick of his angel blade out of his sleeve, he cuts a quick slit across Cas’ throat. Cas’ eyes go wide, and he twists, but Dean catches him, holds him to his body. Dean bends to Cas’ throat and swallows his grace into his mouth in one long pull before turning to breathe it out like so much smoke, marbling the stretches of the Empty. Cas is panting; Cas is afraid.
Cas sounded wistful. Dean could tell he was willing to write this off as a one time deal, wonderful but not something he
“Dean? What are you thinking?”
“Yeah.” Sam said, smiling down at the fishing rod in his hands. “I’m not gonna lie, it was rocky going for a while – trust issues on both sides, you know? But we’ve worked something out. And it’s definitely not something conventional, or normal, or whatever I thought I wanted – but that never worked before. And I think this something’s a good something, you know?”
“Come on,” Dean said, resisting dragging Cas by the arm.
“So, take him to a book store or something. Just… I dunno, watch him browse for a couple of hours. Or maybe a poetry recital. Or… uh, I, gotta go,” Sam said, sounding suddenly distracted. “You should, ah, bring him flowers…” Sam trailed off.
“Well.” Cas frowned. “I don’t know how to put it, exactly. While I was remaking you, I wasn’t in a body. It was just my grace and your soul, after I dragged you out. I suppose that’s what I was talking about when I mentioned our ‘profound bond.’” Cas said, his fingers forming over-exaggerated air-quotes. “We were intimate in perhaps the most spiritual sense possible.”
When Cas finally did look at him, it was awful. His gaze was even, piercing. He wasn’t expecting an answer or a declaration of love. He was merely setting the rules. “I think I should go.”
he told himself.
“I – no.” Dean’s brow furrowed.
“Dean, why are we here?” Cas turned all his attention back to Dean suddenly, voice low.
“Really, Cas?” Sam asked, barely able to contain his curiosity that Castiel, angel of the lord, now drank beer.
“So you can wake me.”
“Dean, I would like to thank you.” Castiel spoke suddenly into their familiar silence.
“Yes.” Cas grinned, and his watery blue eyes lit up. “Dean,” he said, and now he shucked his shirt off and it was his turn to cup Dean’s face gently, “I wanted to say something. I did. But the only words that I could think of to describe myself were in Enochian.” Dean started to laugh, but Cas pressed a finger to his lips. “Don’t. It’s true, you and I feel things differently. That doesn’t mean we don’t feel the same thing. Anyway, I had to find a way to tell you what I wanted to say. In words that wouldn’t shatter your eardrums.” Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, and when his eyes closed, his eyelids. Dean’s breath hitched in surprise, but he didn’t protest. It felt kind of… beautiful, actually.
I took his hand and squeezed it. It was a warm, late summer afternoon, and I lost myself in the sunset. I didn't know how to help him. I thought once I was fully human, fully fallen, I would know. I was wrong.
almost against his will as he took hold of Cas' hand. Cas finger twitched, just the slightest thing, but it made Dean's heart skip a beat, hope soaring through him like a falling flame. Dean let out a breath and laced their fingers together, squeezing once. Waiting for Cas to return the touch.
They watched some pretentious French movie Sam insisted on, followed by all the crappy Christmas cartoons Dean had decided they needed to buy on video tape, that’s right, video tape. None of this douche-y DVD crap in his bunker. It was cassettes and videos for the Winchesters. And Cas, Dean absentmindedly thought as he realized Cas wasn’t technically a Winchester. He frowned.
"Castiel, who art fuck knows where, listen to me. I lied. And we both knew it, and pretended not to. Put on a party face for the end of the world, eh? Anyway," He paused, biting his lip. Some small part of him thought maybe if he laid it all on the line, Cas might really wake up. Like a fairytale. "You are so much more than a brother to me. Something different. Something that scares me and confuses me and goddamnit Cas, where are you?" he ground out. "I need you."
"I was kinda hopin' you come find me, actually," Dean said. "C'mere," he said, softer now, his breath catching a little at the sight of Cas. The marks all along his chest and neck were fading now, but his nipples were pink and clamoring for Dean's attention.
“Yes?” Cas’ eyes were closed.
He ran one finger along the length of Cas’ erection, watching Cas’ hips tremble as he tried to keep still. He palmed Cas’ dick, keeping his hand perfectly still, applying just a touch of pressure while he ordered, “Shoot.”
Cas moaned in response, grinding against Dean. Dean closed his eyes. God, he needed these jeans off. As if he’d read his mind, Cas reached down and unbuckled his belt. Fuck, was he using his teeth on the zipper? Angels learn fast. Dean groaned as Cas pulled down his jeans and boxers, finally cold air instead of rough fabric around his dick. Cas shoved him back towards the wall, and Dean blinked. He opened his mouth to say something, but Cas shut him up with a kiss and a hand grasped around his hot, aching cock.
They drove until dawn, Janis Joplin singing and screaming at them all the way. The sky was cloudy, so they couldn’t properly see the sunrise. Dean didn’t look at a map the whole way, largely because he didn’t need to. He was driving randomly, taking the highest road whenever there was a choice. Rain flecked the wind shield, and Cas watched the world sail by. They didn’t talk. Dean didn’t know what to say.
“I’ll take that as a no.” Dean smirked. “Come on. I’ll teach you.”
“How the hell would I know?” Damn, he could’ve sworn he actually saw Cas flinch. “I just mean… I don’t know. I don’t think it’s more important than other stuff, no. But I guess there’s this idea that once you find the right person then everything falls into place.”
"Don't you know I can't live without you? I need you, Cas. I never thought you could...feel those feelings for anyone. Not until you were gone. And then I knew I'd been feeling the same way for years, years and I never –" Dean stopped short, seeing Cas flinch at the regret in his voice. "Listen. I'm not good with words. And I've done wrong to you sometimes, I know it. But you changed me. You've been saving me, all these years, watching over me. And if you’ll come home, one last time, I want to spend the rest of my life proving to you that you can have what you want. That I love you."
If Dean fell asleep halfway through the movie, and Cas picked him up and zapped them back into the car when the credits had rolled to a halt, that was between him and his angel. Cas did take advantage of the fact Dean was asleep to dump the multiple beer cans and wrappers in the trash, before apologizing to the young clerk. The guy muttered that it was all right. When somebody asked him years later who the weirdest couple that had ever seen a movie there were, he may have mentioned something about two gay guys, one in a leather jacket and the other in a trench coat. Dean would never know that, of course. He was too busy snoring in the Impala while Cas listened to his cassettes on repeat.
Cas raised a single eyebrow, and it was an unbearable eternity until he spoke. “The bullet didn’t hit you. Did you notice that?”
When it was done, he pulled away and stared. The white scar of his hand rested across Cas’ chest. Cas looked down at it with something resembling awe.
“Well, given that I’ve been alive since basically the beginning of the Earth and know almost too much about the nature of the universe, it’s nice to discover things you don’t know.” Cas stared down at his thumbs intently, moving them in circles around each other. “Why do humans do this?”
“I know. I know.” And Dean slowly falls asleep.
“I dunno, man.” Staring out over the marbled orange expanse, though, he did know. “I guess I feel strong. Like a rock.” His lips quirked into a half smile. “It’s not a bad feeling.” He muttered.
The hallway was satisfyingly silent, and when he poked his head into the library, he found a note taped to the table. “Back in 2 days. Don’t die.” And then a scrawl which Dean supposed was meant to be Sam’s name. Dean grinned. “See, Sammy?” He muttered.
Half an hour later, Cas walked up to the Impala, a small bag slung over his shoulder. For a being who’d been alive for thousands of millennia, he really hadn’t picked up much stuff along the way. “All right. Chuck it in the trunk and let’s go.”
tone.
, unjustly, by doing the wrong things. I kept wondering if perhaps you would come and pull me from my private hell – and I – I remembered that I had promised to return. At the end of it… Now… I feel… absolution.” Cas’ eyes were open and honest and
A new song started up, and Dean turned his head. Was that… Cas singing along?
They'd brought him back from the battle bloody and broken, in the back seat of the Impala, slumped and gasping in Dean's arms. Sam had driven like a bat out of Hell while Dean uttered a silent litany of
“In the library Metatron hid my grace in,” Cas said nonchalantly, holding the thin green volume up to Dean’s eyes. He only had time to read the word
A small change came across Cas’ face, and Dean wondered what he was thinking about.
One day, he gets a message that sounds so much like Dean he can’t quite breathe. NealSolo. Why does the number sixty-seven ring a bell? He shakes his head. It’s not Dean. It could be anyone. Whoever it is, though, he can help them. He starts to types back.
There wasn’t really anywhere to hide, though, that was the problem. There were a few empty shelves, some boxes, the tiny hidden compartments in the walls, their cassette desk, and – oh. Their cassette desk. Which was turned on, and playing the Jethro Tull song from this morning, and that meant Cas had taken the mixtape out of the kitchen stereo and put it in this one. “Gotcha,” he breathed. It was like Cas had some kind of magic, keeping the cassette with him and playing whenever possible. Dean supposed it was highly probably that Cas
Cas’ eyelids twitched, and Dean grabbed his hand. He made sure it was the one with the scar running down the palm, the one that matched his. No amount of angel magic was going to do away with that scar. Dean could have kissed him just then. Instead, he was repeating an incantation over and over again in his mind. He reached covertly into one of the bags he had bought, and drew out a milk chocolate. He winced. Girls in high school really had missed out – he would have been the best cheesy boyfriend ever. Shaking his head clear of the word boyfriend, he popped the chocolate between Cas’ gently parted lips.
“I’m good.” He smiled, looking over his shoulder at the long-haired hunter.
“We’re going on a roadtrip,” Dean announced. “Just the two of us.” That was probably a bit obvious, but Cas didn’t point it out. “We’re gonna hook up with Sam on the other end. He thinks he’s gonna get on a flight back, but we’re gonna beat him to it and drive back. It’s not a long drive. Two or three states. But I thought it’d be… I dunno…” he stumbled. “Fun? Show you some of America, y’know.” Dean waited impatiently for Cas’ response. The angel looked to be mulling it over.
“What is it?” Cas asked, maybe angling to take another photo.
Dean couldn’t have closed his lips if he tried. Cas took advantage of that fact and kissed him once before confessing, “I’d like that. I want to feel you taking your pleasure in me.” Dean’s cock twitched where it was buried in Cas’ ass. “Again,” Cas growled,  “And again.”
Cas panted for a moment, letting Dean’s words catch up to him. Finally, he pushed himself up, arms shaking with the effort. His member was swollen and rock hard and looked so goddamn painful Dean almost felt bad. Almost. “I don’t know if I can fully control myself in that state,” he said. Dean smirked a little, and Cas’ eyes narrow. “Is this to prove a point, Dean Winchester?”
“I’m definitely having you talk to me like that again.”
Inside, there was an old Polaroid camera. Sam shifted on the couch, explaining it to Cas. Cas turned it over in his hands, again and again, and Dean’s breath was stolen clean away. He didn’t know what it was about Cas, whether it was the intense way he studied everything, or the way his hands were moving, or the look in his eyes, or the knowledge that soon that same look would be turned back on Dean, or just that it was
“Yes. It took a very long time. It was...difficult training. I didn’t want to.” Cas’ voice is uneven, and Dean puts his coffee down and takes Cas’. He puts both of his hands around Cas’.
His face twisted when I gasped, and he pinned me down and stopped me from touching him, like he couldn't bear any expression of tenderness from me. This, I thought, was within his rights. He fucked against me, thrusting his hard cock against mine. I closed my eyes against the pleasure, but also because I didn't want to see him like this. He was trying so hard not to let any of the feelings seep through. I had wanted this
“No, I’m merely-” Dean cut him off with a quick kiss. He pulled back, watching Cas trying to remember what he’d been saying. A thin stream of what looked like smoke but what Dean knew was just his breath drifted out from between his parted lips. His cheeks were pink; he must have been letting go of his control over his vessel. Something in Dean’s stomach jumped. When Cas blinked, and just said, “Dean,” he took one step closer. They were maybe six inches apart, Cas’ back pressed to the Impala, Dean’s wrist still firmly clenched in Cas’ grip. Dean leaned forward, torturously slowly; Cas’ breath hitched. Dean smirked and finally let their lips touch. Fuck, how were his lips so soft? Cas moaned into the kiss, and Dean obliged, flicking his tongue slowly into Cas’ mouth. Cas dropped his hand, arms instead circling around his waist, pulling him closer. Not for the first time, Dean noticed how strong Cas was, lean muscle pressing against him through the fabric of their clothes.
“I’ll stay.” Cas said, pressing his lips together like there was more he wanted to say. “But I think I should go.”
When Dean caught the plate, it was inches away from smashing against the bottom of the sink. He stared at it for a moment, and then set it aside, slowly, deliberately. “You’re asking me why we’ve never taken drugs?”
They stood in the rain for a good ten minutes, Cas gazing up at the sky like every goddamn drop of rain was a miracle. When Cas finally met Dean’s eyes, he said, “It’s washing everything clean.” Then, “We can go home now.” They walked slowly to the Impala. Cas put one hand on the hood and the other on Dean’s shoulder, and then they standing on the stretch of road just in front of the bunker. Dean looked steadily up at the old place.
Dean frowned. He hadn't really thought of it that way.
“Why?” Dean asked simply.
When Sam kicked Dean and Cas out of the bunker, Dean couldn’t really say he was pissed off. Sam had wanted them to catalogue all the old Men of Letter’s records in some special system, and while Cas had sat down and acted like a good little nerd soldier, Dean had protested. Man, he swore Sam was becoming some sorta proto-Bobby. He’d been acting like a grouchy bear all morning, and Dean figured he’d leave his brother to sort out the musty old books in peace after being snapped at to leave if he wasn’t going to be helpful. Cas had sat unsure at the table while Dean pulled on his jacket, but followed without a word when Dean said, “Come on, Cas.” Dean, of course, didn’t see Sam’s irritable hand wave with a hidden smirk to Cas.
Sam appeared to be weighing up that argument, mouth shrug in place. “Although she did say I was the best hunting partner she’d had, and given that she doesn’t have friends, that means something.”
“It is,” Dean said into the nape of his neck. “When I… when I touched your wings, they felt electric.” He ran a hand over Cas’ shoulderblades, and watched Cas’ eyes flutter shut.
Today, Castiel was sad.
"I thought you'd hate me. For telling you we could beat everything, and then... For how you stayed with me when all the other angels left. For not being able to protect you. And then you
Dean dragged Cas into the shower. “See, Valentine’s Day is what I used to refer to as Unattached Drifter Christmas.” The side of Dean’s mouth twitched up bitterly, but the expression was gone as soon as he pulled Cas’ sweatpants off. “It’s a holiday for couples.”
“Someone’s backyard in Oregon,” Cas said nonchalantly. “I think I upset a teenage boy.”
“But you’re the one I want to ask.” It was close to a growl. Cas’ expression was unreadable, his hands shoved into the pockets of his trench coat.
“What do you need me for? What can I do?”
I blinked. What we’d done felt…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z_e17GJ_Ao
“You know, Dean, what you said in the garden had me thinking. Roses are so-”
“Is it...okay?” Dean pulls away, wincing. “I know you didn’t mean it like that.”
Cas relinquished hold of the steering wheel with a smirk. “This way’s quicker.”
"Think you could, ah, poof the flower brigade away?" He asked, gesturing with one hand.
Cas was standing in front of the window pacing, profile silhouetted by moonlight from outside. When he heard Dean, he turned to face him with a slow, sure smile. Only the slightest twitches in his expression hinted at – was that
“Dean.” Cas is frowning. “You know, I love your strength. But,” and he’s sneaking his hands around Dean’s temples, rolling them in a circle to make Dean relax. “You can love softness too. And I do.”
“See ya around,” Dean said. He’d kinda hoped Sam would stay for another beer. But that was that. He had a girl and a mission, and Dean had the Grand Canyon and an angel. Sam smiled and then abruptly vanished along with the flap of wings.
Cas’ voice floated to him from a few yards away, where the Impala was parked in the woods. Dean had been working on it outside, touching up the paint job. “It was my understanding that this required music.” He could hear the engine rumbling to life, no doubt under the effect of Cas’ angel mojo. A few moments later, gentle guitar filtered through the woods.
Cas jerks his fingers out of Dean, at which the taller man lets out a whimper. Cas licks up his palm, coating it with spit. Dean's dick twitches as he cranes his neck to watch Cas slick his cock up. Cas' cock is rock hard and weeping precum from the head, which mixes together with his spit to make it glisten. As Cas runs a hand over himself, he closes his eyes and the tap in the bathroom starts running.
The words were so much worse, when his voice was deepened by sex and strewn with pain. I recognized now what that look in his eyes had been - how
“No!” Dean burst out as he realized what Cas was asking. “Cas, no.” Cas still wouldn’t look at him, so he lifted the angel’s chin with his other hand, before cupping both sides of his face and kissing him hard. “I don’t want anyone else, OK?!” He ran his tongue over his lips, desperate to make Cas understand. Cas stared directly at him. “I just want you. For the rest of my godforsaken life. Only you, all right?”
About five minutes down the road, there was an old movie theatre. It was now maybe eleven, but it was still open. Dean jogged inside, Cas frowning on his heels. There was a bored looking teenage guy lurking behind the counter.
he breathed out.
He was still pacing the halls of the bunker, telling himself that he would fly up to Heaven to see Jack at any moment, when he felt it. A short, roiling pulse of terror. A shout. It’s his name.
“It’s not what you think,” Cas managed, staring into the fiery depths of Dean’s eyes. “Dean,” he sighed wearily. Dean unclenched his fists. Let Cas go.
Dean lets out a low breath. “Fuck, man, that’s screwed up. You were always kind of autistic compared to the other angels.”
