Aaron jerks into motion. "Of course!" the short Alpha promptly turns on his heels and starts walking towards the entrance and Dean rolls his eyes but follows him none the less.
Yeah, Dean's never letting this one go.
Dean lets out a low whistle. "Lookin' good, Samantha."
"You stay here. Capiche?"
Dean sniffles.
The show has just started up once again and the two husbands turn their attention to it, well, at least one does.
"You don't need to be sorry, Dean. I overstepped a boundary, you should be more upset." Castiel pets Ophelia's head softly as he talks, probably a nervous habit.
"Can I?" Castiel breathes out, using his thumb to press the material against Dean's clenching rim.
He scampers to his closet, barely managing to not trip over the stuff scattered on his floor, and hides behind the sliding door.
Castiel stares down at him, eyes hodded and a little red around the edges. Dean presses his legs together.
Castiel looks between the two, gives Dean a firm squeeze of its hand, leans over to Dean''s ear and makes a sweet, needy noise in his ear when Mary goes to the kitchen for a pitcher of sweet tea.
He needs a drink.
"We're sure you can treat us just right." Dum husks, dropping his hand down and grasping a handful of plush meat. Dean sucks in his bottom lip between his teeth and tightens his grip on Dee's arm.
Castiel thinks that maybe, now that he has Dean, he can potentially talk to her about it. If he can never show her, how is he supposed to show his mate?
I thought, well, even though people probably come to you about love and stuff, that you would like it." Dean runs his thumb along the spine.
"The Nymph of the pond, Castiel, saved you. You were blue in the face and you weren't breathing and he–he saved you, just like that." Mary chuckles wetly. "Good things come at a price, don't they? He was fascinated that you were different, that you were like someone in his family and he wanted you. To raise you as one of his own but John and I didn't want to give you up. We wanted you to be normal and he said that if we gave you to him when you are of age to mate then you would only be an Omega or if you found someone to like or even fall in love with."
"If you don't want to you can say that."
Heat drops and warms Dean's solar plexus. "Thanks, Cas."
Dean gives Anna a lopsided grin and bounces his head. "Sure."
"I need a weapon. Machetes or a gun." Dean lists.
"We can't do this here." Daddy shifts, trying to get up but Dean puts more of his weight down and shakes his head.
"...You've talked to her?"
"Yeah, and you are?"
Prends ce que je te donne: Take what I give you.
As a Royal Omega it's Dean's job to produce a heir but as the eldest it's his job to take the throne. His father made it perfectly clear that he cannot do both.
Dean pouts. "Aww, that's cute. She went through a lot with her family, you don't feel for her?"
Castiel's wings almost touch the walls of the room, fluffy and Dean can make out the raven colour from the parts that aren't covered in blood. The blood is dark, almost like it's old and has scabbed over almost a million times. It drops onto Dean's face, making him flinch back. Bloodied cuffs are clamped onto the wings, which twitch and spasm at their new release.
"I–yes?" Castiel's eyes burn and his vision goes blurry. "I'm scared, Dean."
"Family isn't always safe." Castiel says, no hesitation in his voice.
He got a better look around town, walked alone aside from the hands and shadows. By the time he made it back to the hotel his calves itched and he knew of a secluded area, deep within the trees that surround the place, that he can sit and see sun set over water.
"Omega?" Castiel pats the damp rag under Dean's armpits gently and Dean answers with a low groan in the back of his throat.
"I don't work for him anymore." Dean says, watching one of the skaters fall and everyone around them wince in sympathy. Their nose becomes pink then red as blood begins to slowly drip from their right nostril but they have it off with a smile.
Dean muses.
"Who let the wolf drink? You guys know how he gets." Dean chastises, only partially joking because Garth is very,
"Goin' up, Dean?" Garth asks with a toothy, childish grin and Dean bounces his head once as he steps inside. The iron gates creeks closed along with the solid metal door.
"I will get away with this, Dean Winchester, and I suggest you listen to me very carefully before you end up like your brother, Sam, wasn't it?"
An odd gushy feeling mashes inside of Dean. "Hiya, Cas. How's it going?"
"Thirty-one isn't old."
Castiel holds his breath while he stares at Dean's back.
The flight back is heavy. Even though he came to the conclusion that he still needs Dean, what will his human say? What will he do?
"Can I take this off?" Castiel questions.
"See you tomorrow, Mr. Winchester."
"When I first met them, I had a feeling that this would be the case." Castiel says. "I've come to terms with it."
Dean starts thrusting their hips faster. "You see me as someone dependable, someone that'll treat you right, hm? Someone who'll make your little cock weep?" he husks in Castiel's ear.
"It wasn't really a kiss, I was sad and said something  that wasn't exactly positive and he,
Castiel wakes up in a rundown hotel, the wallpaper is peeling off and the beds squeaking is something awful. He is
If Angels could kill, Anna would've been dead eons ago. Angel Law states that since Anna scent marked him first, Castiel can no longer try and claim his Omega. Hannah, unfortunately, needed a new vessel that day after trying to side with Anna.
"I have to come back home." Castiel mumbles. "Was bad."
Dean nods in Castiel's hands and exhales with a wet sniffle. "I was hard. I wanted to cum so bad, Cas, I–"
Dean clutches his pillow tighter. They didn't even kiss yet. Dean brings the pillow up to his face and groans.
Donna settles in her chair then, with a firm nod, clicks her pen.
There's a wood sign with its legs fused into a mountain that has bolded green letters engraved into it.
"It's okay to hurt," he lays a hand on Castiel's arm.
"What does transgender mean?" Castiel voice blank, trying to come across of curious. He believes that Gabriel had mentioned it once or twice when they were kids. Castiel doesn't remember much of when he was a kid.
"Oh," because what the fuck else is he supposed to say?
"So good, sweetheart." Castiel praises, sliding his fingers out and gathering Dean in his arms. Dean clenches around nothing and pants against Castiel's chest.
"How's your brother?" Castiel asks as they begin to walk, the cold gently caressing the parts of them not covered by warm, thick clothing.
"I can take off my cuffs too. It's not the same but," Dean shrugs and Castiel stares at him with wide eyes. It was a known fear that Dean would lose control if he took off the cuffs. That he would hurt someone again so they never–Dean never wanted to take them off.
He's almost embarrassed that he's fully hard.
Breath no longer stinking off the previous night's cereal, Dean makes his way back to the hall.
"Who are you?" he asks in mock fascination and Dean raises his hand to smack his head.
Castiel turns in his corner so his back is facing his brother. He knows the picture that he paints.
"Why she call them bitches?! They women like her!" Castiel sucks his teeth.
"Castiel is smart, practical. But lonely, it makes him overly aware of himself. Of his grace and how much light he has." Lucifer's eyes get watery and he shakes his head and begins to walk the down the river.
"You know I don't like repeating myself."
Dean bounces a few big names in his head then comes to a halt.
He holds the book tightly to his chest and ducks down, his spine bends awkwardly, and he clumsily walks behind a few tall bushes until he makes it to the suffocating area of sky-high trees.
Any angel who voluntarily claimed him must be dumb as dirt because Dean's broken, weak, any other degrading word you can find in the dictionary. Sure he's working on himself, indulging in things he was too afraid of before, but that doesn't make him any less tainted,
"That's a rather old tradition isn't it?" Nordic sounds shocked and disgusted.
"Dean really is missing out, huh?" Dean licks his lips as he uses his knuckles to plug Castiel's nose before holding Castiel's head still and shallowly thrusting his hips. Castiel quickly unbuckles his pants and pulls out his erection, which twitches and bounces in the hot air.
"It was always Castiel's fate to be alone, Father told us himself before he put himself to bed. He doesn't need you, he doesn't need us. Can you promise me that?"
The pond looks mesmerizing; it's this swirling, bright hue of blue that makes Dean's heartbeat faster and the palms of his hands go damp with nerves. It's colder then usual, the hairs on Dean's arm raise and he can feel the tips of his ears go red with the chill.
The door eases open and Castiel pokes his head in but Miracle has other plans as she pushes through the door and jumps on the bed excitedly, nudging her nose against Dean's cheek. Dean ruffles her fur with a small smile and kisses the top of her head.
Never in a million years would Dean think he deserved this; comfort, security, and love. It's never been an option for Dean, not with the life he lived, back then Dean could probably count how many times he showered in a month on one hand. He wouldn't be able to count how many people he let use him; it's probably somewhere teetering into the hundreds. Now, Dean actually gets up to eat and brush his teeth and go to work and, well, live.
Dean turns onto his side and slowly brings his palm down to his bulge, curling his toes and exhaling lowly. He won't get off, he just needs to—
"Hel–"
grace, Dean thinks bitterly. "At bay. The only witch in this town who can unlock them is Rowena but she won't do it until you are better mentally, emotionally, and physically."
"Yes! Y-Yes!" Castiel keens. Dean coos, that makes sense. Castiel didn't have a mother who was emotionally there for him, he had his siblings.
He didn't really notice when it started to happen. He assumes his brain blocked it out, he's told that often happens when trauma is involved. It's weird though; he hates sexual intimacy but craves it like good a bottle of cheap whiskey yet he hates showering or looking at his body in the mirror, but give him a bottle of cherry astroglide and lock him in his room, he'll empty out the container.
"Hey! If I was there when the sun was being made, I deserve rights as to where it should be positioned when I kiss my soon-to-be husband!"
"Hello, beloved." Cas mummers, pressing a sweet kiss to Dean's lips. Dean's insides squirm and he feels a little nauseous but he smiles and leans against Castiel.
at the main entrance way. Dean shudders thinking about it; how did she get her leg to–Dean shakes his head firmly.
Castiel's cheeks get hot with the praise and its cock twitches.
More tears well up and slide down Dean's face and his knees buckle a bit. "I'm tired."
"You're going along with this?" he asks Charlie, who shrugs her shoulders.
"Shit." Dean sucks his teeth, tossing the container of cranberries into his reusable bag. Between his legs, his cock throbs and twitches inside his sweats. Who would've thought he'd get it up in front of a pack of Hersheys.
"Cas? It's okay, baby. What's wrong? Tell me what's wrong." Dean soothes, kissing Castiel's jaw.
The snow that falls is thick, heavy and layers the city under a plush, white blanket; it makes his nose and ears go pink with the cold and strengthens the ice that his heart is encapsulated in; kids go out and build small, shitty snowmen while their parents drink spiked eggnog and lie about Santa Claus; he can watch ice skaters glide along an open pond in the park and he smoke his fifth cigarette of the day while sitting on a bench that might freeze off his testicles.
The laundry room should be opened since Crowley never locks the damn thing. Dean shoves the sheets into his overflowing laundry basket and shivers at the cool breeze between his sticky legs. Dean sighs and pads to the bathroom, half hard cock bobbing between his legs. He reaches up and grabs his rag that hangs on the shower railing to run under warm water from his sink.
Dean leans back into the cushion of the booth and exhales loudly.
Dean closes his eyes and wills his body to relax.
"You can't. You have your appointment tomorrow." Dean waves his hand dismissively and Sam rolls his eyes. "I'm serious, Dean. You'll be awake, right?"
Dean breathes and nuzzles his nose against Castiel's cheek, then mummers again, breath minty fresh.
"I-in my s-stomach, I c-can feel it-
Dean growls and a Castiel lets out a heavy cry, rutting against Dean's hole pitifully.
"Dean, honey!" Mary greets, her smile bright. John looks at him and Dean rolls his eyes but greets with a clumsily curtsey.
Castiel rests his forehead on Dean's. "I'm in it with you, Dean."
Castiel offers to help Dean put the groceries away but Dean cocks one eyebrow then lifts his eyes towards the living room. "Sit and mingle. I'll be fine." Dean brings a hand to the base of Castiel's neck and scratches the short hairs there. He isn't sure why he does it but Castiel relaxes considerably and his eyes soften. He turns his head and captures Dean's palm with a gentle press of his lips.
Dean waves him off, nudging the lit bud with the heel of his foot to stomp it out.
The voices are quiet in the mornings which he's grateful for. They're probably off possessing some other poor schmuck that can barely give consent. Or maybe they know he's more vulnerable at night. Dean doesn't really give a shit.
Dean flushes and the table howls with laughter.
"Who are you
Dean shakes his head. "Other people could smell it, let's just go."
"You left me there to die! How the
Castiel rises from his chair and snaps his fingers to get himself clean then puts on the suit he got from Lucifer after his brother had chosen to rule over Hell; a crisp, white one that frames his body nicely. He clasps together the second button and smooths his hand over it while he looks at himself in the mirror. His hair is still mused messily and his eyes are devoid of any emotion.
Dean shrinks and blushes. "Thanks."
Dean quickly shuts out his Omega's thoughts and reaches over to turn off the faucet. He reaches over to pick up a fancy looking bottle that reads
Dean knows that they've arrived when he starts to feel the gravel undernesth he car's tires between his teeth. He can also spot a dingy, beat up sign next to an entrance of a small cabin sitting ominously in the dark.
Mary comes down the short little steps on the porch and knocks at the drivers window. Castiel rolls the window down with a kind smile.
"Yeah," Dean drops his hand onto his lap but keeps his eyes closed as he always gets headaches after seeing bright lights after his attacks. "Yeah, I got some memories I would much rather forget."
Castiel drapes his body over Dean's while still moving his fingers and uses his free hand to shove two digits into Dean's mouth. Dean fights all instinct to bite and instead sucks on them. The position allows Dean friction to grind his cock against the sleeve of Castiel's suit.
Then their pants and boxers. Suffocating and damp and Dean whistles obnoxiously and his eyebrows jump. Castiel rolls his eyes but smiles fondly.
Castiel stays quiet and Dean brushes a finger over the cuff, going nauseous at how fresh the blood is.
Rubbing his eye with the knuckle of his thumb, Dean leans forward with his elbows on his knees then flips open the folder to find the Novak's number.
The pool is last, Dean doesn't know how that happened when it's the length of the room, lights flicker on automatically from the sides of the pool. Dean notices a hot tub in one of the corners. A shadow moves making the steam shift and blue eyes pin him down. Angel. Seraph, maybe?
Castiel head falls on Dean's shoulder and he makes another low noise before pushing Dean down on his cock and getting rid of the grace completely.
"I think you should go." Castiel's hands slip from Dean's shirt and he moves behind the desk. Dean blinks a few times and turns to stare at Castiel, balking.
Castiel leans down to bite and suck hickeys into Dean's neck, bathing in Dean's whimpers and uncontrolled bucking of hips. He feels Dean's hand snake between them to fuck into his fist.
She leaves before Dean can fully comprehend what she said. Lucifer and Gabriel smile at him approvingly.
"Actually," Cassie starts and Dean's breath hitches. Shut up, shut up, shut–
"Good morning, Princess." Castiel mumbles into his chest; somehow in the middle of the night Dean ended up holding Castiel against his side.
"Fuck, Omega." Castiel hisses, using his thumb to spread the skin around Dean's rim. "Such a pretty pink." he groans, cock throbbing as the heat intensifies. Dean's legs tremble in his grip and he covers his mouth with the back of his hand as a small knot begins to form as the base of his cock; clear precum dribbles onto his lower stomach and Dean keens loudly as Castiel grinds his knot into him.
"Really? Who would have guessed." Castiel teases.
He remembers the feeling deep in his guts when John had just too much alcohol in his system; felt it in the many bruises and cuts that he was decorated with
"Too many siblings actually." Mary laughs and Dean fights the urge to roll his eyes.
"What?"
"I have to–" Dean gets up quickly, backs of his knees hitting the couch in his haste. Sam makes no effort to move but waves Dean off and even open the door for him.
Castiel lets out low whine, shifts, rubs his dick against Dean's hip and shudders. "Pl-please tell me what to do, Mommy."
Castiel guesses.
Cassie opens her mouth, ready to say more.
He's not sure why he never bothered to contact Gabriel sooner. Maybe he didn't want him to get hurt by Lucifer, but nonetheless, Castiel is grateful.
And with that, the crickets seemed to stop singing, the Earth stops rotating, and Castiel's grace stops in his body.
"Charlie will be safe in the car. Let's just hope we don't get our asses killed." Dean mutters as he and Lucifer exit the car.
"Yes. Our Angel of Thursday, Castiel." Anna practically glows as she says it's name and Dean feels the taste of competition on his tongue.
"Castiel Novak." the Alpha, Castiel, mummers softly.
"It's no problem. How are you feeling?" Castiel questions as he walks to the door frame of the washroom and leans against it.
"I think it's best I go home. I left some soup in the fridge for you and–"
Castiel wants to throw up. His throat is dry and his head is pounding and he hates talking. He hates it and now Dean is going to leave him because he's broken, he's damaged.
"I didn't mean it like that, I–" Dean sighs shakily. He's shit at this. "I didn't have to kiss you to know I was in love with you." Castiel's breath hitching is loud and almost makes Dean choke from how fast he holds his own.
Castiel crawls into the cold bed, into the neatly made bed that has no personality, no warmth, no
"Want you to move nice and slow, sugar." Dean grips Castiel's ass and rocks his hips. Castiel groans low in its throat and moves its hips jerkily; his dick is wet with blood and Dean's wetness, pushed between his folds and Castiel wants to
A hand slides up his shirt and rests on his lower back. His eye twitches but he smiles, a fake, practiced one and, because he's a masochist, says "Sure,"
Jo's hand pauses mid stroke and she looks down at Dean, her eyes sad. "His soulmate."
"You mean intercourse?"
Garth opens his arms and smiles gummily. "Bring it in."
He's going to have to tell him everything.
"I love you." he settles on instead, because it's too soon for them. He wants to do this correctly. He wants to show Dean how much he's changed.
"Is that what he would say?" Castiel asks carefully and Dean nods.
His hands find Dean's hair and instead of combing his fingers through, Castiel digs his nails in Dean's scalp and fucks back against his tongue while letting out small cries and whimpers.
Dean sniffles, funny right? He moves to a seated position against the headboard, sheets pool at his naked waist (where is his shirt?). There's a separated pair of handcuffs on his wrists that are glowing a dim blue,
There's a sickening amount of bile resting behind his uvula as he thinks about it.
"We'll order in." she counters with a laugh.
"Do I take off my shoes?"
And for some reason, that's when Dean's mind catches up.
Dean's lip curls into a snarl. "You're tellin' me. Thanks Garth, you have yourself a nice day."
"Seems like you already got a full sight of me, doc."
Dean bites his lip. "I, uh, I want to be at Sam's wedding. I want to see him happy."
"Mom just let them—"
Dean closes his eyes and sighs. How old had Sam been then? Sixteen? Seventeen? And Dean was around twenty one, fresh out of rehab with mental scars that'll last him a lifetime and then some.
Castiel pulls back an inch and looks into Dean's eyes. "Allow yourself to be scared with me. Any fear, any thoughts, let them out with me any time we're alone. I will be your strength, Dean."
Dean rolls his shoulders and steps up the figures.
Dean's cock strains against his panties; a simple, no fancy pattern dark green boyshort pair with bolded letters that say
Charlie doesn't sugarcoat her question and Dean doesn't know if he should be grateful for that or not.
" Castiel raises an eyebrow, already popping open his cuffs and Anna growls defensively.
"I show you something good after we put babies away."
He's dying, that has to be the only truth. He
"Shit, sorry!" Sam reaches and grips Dean's shoulder so he doesn't fall. "Are you okay?" he asks, puppy eyes widened and eyebrows frowned. Dean pats the hand on his shoulder with a tight lipped smile. There's a silence between them, neither breathe until Sam withdraws his hand and nods. He then points to the necklace around Dean's neck.
Dean looks debauched; his hair is matted to his forehead, his chest is a gorgeous rose color that matches the opening of his thighs; each harsh exhale of breath and broken moan is music to Castiel's ears and he has never experienced anything more captivating.
Dean peers up at Jo from underneath his eyelashes with his pen resting on his bottom lip, and makes a curious noise in the back of his throat.
He should get some food into him at least.
"Yeah we know your buddy. The freak that lives in the open fields down south. Keep goin' till you hit gravel and a bee keeper sign." the man gestures down the road, waving his cigarette as he talks.
Dean rolls his shoulders as he tilts his head back as he makes his last steps toward the towering, gothic door that was guarded by Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum. The two straighten their stature as Dean walked towards them and looked down at him, their wings twitching minutely at the low pheromone of Dean's anger that's surrounding them.
Mary makes move to come closer but decides against it and walks to the door.
"Hermaphrodite,"
"Thanks for taking up my offer." Dean tries to make amends and Castiel shakes his head.
Dean bites his tongue and lets out a stifled whimper of pain as he draws blood.
He wants Dean. He wants to take and take and
He chooses to ignore the painful swell in his heart when Dean doesn't respond. Maybe he shouldn't have said anything. Maybe he did bad.
"But Naomi–"
Eve turns and sits down on the back of her child then crosses her legs with a mean smile. "You'll know when the time comes." she lifts her hand lazily and snaps her fingers.
I realized that a really problematic thing that Dean has is his fetishization of Asian women.
"She's our
"Maybe two soft tacos? Vegetarian."
Castiel likes to read sex novels and tend to bees with the local Beekeeper, Cain. He likes to eat chunky peanut butter and honey sandwiches, he likes ginger in his tea and can make Dean smile without even talking. He makes Dean's insides hot like lava.
"Sorry?"
Dean storms into the house, body flying on autopilot as he looks for Lucifer.
Castiel listens. Castiel thinks. And it breathes around a heavy sob. "Okay, Mommy."
Dean stops, tilts his head back, and sighs. "Yeah?"
Dean walks over to the door and rests his hand on the handle. A warmth, almost a nauseous warmth, worms around in his gut and his heart pounds in his chest. Maybe he's still feeling anxious.
"Pizza ou hamburgers?" Castiel asks after realizing Dean isn't going to speak on the matter any time soon.
Dean waves to Eileen when they catch eyes before gesturing to the armful of bags and making move to grab them but before his fingers fingers graze the fragile plastic Sam is next to him and using his large Bigfoot like limbs to shoulder Dean out the way and grab Eileen's bags.
"We sent him to tail this hot shot that we suspect is a Leviathan a couple'a months ago. Sam knew what he was getting into when he said yes." bile rises in Dean's throat.
Dean blinks and looks away. "Not that I can remember."
Castiel swallows and nods but stares down at the floor and doesn't speak.
"It's
"Oh my fucking
They can hear the door open then close and they sigh. "Shit."
"You forget that we three used to be friends. I know why you're here and no, we aren't making the drug. I trust that you will find out who is."
"It's taken me a long time to become like this: to breathe when I'm feeling like my lungs won't work, to find sensory objects when I'm panicking, to talk. You act like the me from a couple months ago and I can't date another me, Cas."
Castiel hisses, his knot throbbing and his wings arching as a another orgasm washes over him, coating below Dean's balls and sliding down into his hole. Castiel mouths messily at the burn as he continues to come, a low growl makes its way out of his throat, Dean always tastes and smells so good here. Castiel fucks into Dean lazily, milking out his orgasm before using his thumbs to spread Dean hole and knocks his knot against Dean's hole until it eases inside. Once his knot is safely locked inside, Castiel licks the scared flesh before pressing soft kisses then carefully biting down on it.
"Did'ja know Angels claim their mates, most often humans, if they're inna lotta danger or close to death? It stops any kind of harm and the marks look like burns, kinda like yours." Donna comments offhandedly.
Dean's eyes well up and he drops the hold he has on Castiel's. He's seen this, he's heard those words spoken on the television. He was so hopeful and stupid and it's
"I need you," Dean pants, almost doubling over as he gets oxygen back into his lungs. He puts his hands on his knees and swallows. "To do that thing."
Castiel's hand slides up the curve of side before he slides his hand down and brushes his thumb over Dean's nipple. Dean shudders and looks up.
"You know, I'm not the best at tests, I'll get the sweats. Also Thules here usually carries me over his shoulder!" Aaron boasts as he pats Thules' shoulder.
Castiel bends his neck down in front of Dean awkwardly. "Then bite."
Charlie glares pointedly at Gabriel. "Wait in the living room. We didn't throw away any of the clothes from your apartment but they did stink of cigarettes so we washed them. They're set on your bed." Charlie nods her goodbye and pushes Gabriel out of the bathroom.
The episode begins with TLC's generic music then the camera pans down onto Colt's figure pushing up his glasses and Dean gasps around a mouthful of meat and dough.
"No, uh, it's just the homework you assigned. I can't find anything." Dean scratches the back of his head nervously.
"Is that blood?!" Dean reaches for Castiel's sleeve then cups his face and examines his nose.
"Why are you still here? You ain't on the clock and I don't need you watchin' over me like a fuckin' toddler."
"No. I would never, you know that! This is new to me, I like calling you that. You make me feel like I can do it without getting–"
Dean blinks back some tears and pops a shrimp in his mouth. Bullshit.
His wings are heavier due to the metal and almost bring him down once they become fully unsheathed from his body.
Perspiration gathers under Dean's armpits, a prickling, itching sensation between thick hair makes him twitch and jerk his arms closed by his ribs. Dean shoves his face into a pillow, swallowing thickly a few times to push down the spew rising in his throat and ridding it of dryness. His nose is clogged from last night's snot and his eyes are swollen from tears.
Emerald stares at Nordic.
"I expect an answer, Dean." Castiel scolds gently as he shrugs off his trenchcoat and tosses it onto the armchair in the corner.
"But–yeah, I capiche." Charlie pouts. Dean shrugs off his jacket, it smells of Angels and snow, and throws it on Charlie's lap then gets out of the car and starts walking towards the playground.
The house is nice. Looks like IKEA threw up in here but it's nice, makes Dean feel happy his brother was able to find someone to, mate with? He's not sure how Angel dating works.
"We were worried you guys would never get together!" Jo shouts from the other side of the bar, lifting a drink that's not even hers in celebration which leads everyone else to follow.
"Yes."
Something tugs at his belly-button; a longing sense of guilt, shame, and disgust. Pieces he can't really put together but compliment each other in a sadistic way that plays with his heart. He hooks a finger through a thick, black cord that hangs on his neck. The brass between his pecs is oddly cold yet comforting; it reminds him of Sam, w
Dean curls his toes into the mossy pond bottom and stares at the water droplets cascading down Castiel's chest. What does he do now?
"I'm sorry." Castiel's voice cracks and shakes around the edges. God, he feels like throwing up. It hurts. It pains him knowing Dean won't consider him as his soulmate. He quietly leaves and closes the door behind him.
"Wasn't funny, sir." Dean bites out.
Castiel's body emerges from the waters surface; his body lean with tight muscles and wings hanging downwards do to the heavy water. Moonlight shimmers elegantly on both the wings and the naked carrier. Castiel looks up carefully, dark hair stuck to his forehead, eyelashes clumped together, with droplets of water falling down his lips, to stare at Dean.
"I'm sorry. I don't go out very much, especially with clients. I don't think I know how to turn therapist mode off." Castiel sniffles, the tip of his nose going pink. Dean gets tugged to a close tree and Miracle sniffs the tree before lifting her leg up.
No wrong or right choice, simply Dean's. His consent to do whatever, it feels weird to have that option for once.
I should come up with shorter chapter titles. Thank you for your patience and actually expecting me to update when I say I do. It shows the hope you have in a loss cause.
An older women with short hair up to her shoulders and glasses perched on her nose sits down at a large, white desk shifting at a stack of paper with perfectly trimmed nails.
"He called me outta the blue after how many years, Sammy?" he bites, ears twitching when something breaks in the distance. He needs to breathe.
Dean blinks and before he gets the chance to answer, Castiel has already turned around and picked up the lump of sheets from the floor.
"So," Donna says conversationally, tapping her pen on the notepad. Dean raises his eyebrows, used to her tactics seeing as he's been doing this for six weeks now. She knows he's not telling her something.
"The dance is soon, I suggest that you find someone before your father intervenes."
"Any longer and he would've been a wrinkled grape." Charlie bites back.
"Of course." Dean breathes, his heart pounding against his chest. "You want to court me?"
When Castiel leaves the room, Dean reaches forward and pulls the stopper from the drain then leaves it on the corner of the tub. He rises slowly and reaches for the shower knob to turn it on and properly clean himself.
is his.
"Yes." they answer in unison.
Ducking his head, Dean quickly blends with a rowdy group of caffeinated collage girls with his shoulders hunched and ducks into an alleyway. It looks like he's taking the long way home.
He isn't Deana, he's
Jesus.
, in the eyes without wanting to throw up or cry or slit his wrists even though he can't die that way. Maybe he needs this, deserves it after all the shit he's been put through. He's not trying to satisfy John, Lisa, Cassie, or even Sam. He has to do this for himself. He needs to.
"Knock yourself out." Dean grumbles.
"What are we doin' today then?"
A swooping wave of nausea makes Dean groan weakly and turn to his side as he rubs his belly. As he shifts an uncomfortable wetness between his legs become more noticeable and he sucks in a shaky breath.
"Love you too, love you so much, daddy." Dean's eyes flutter closed as Castiel's hand comes to rest on the middle of Dean's back where it arches. Castiel reclines back against the headboard, a line of saliva trails from his red stained lips to the colouring teeth marks that Castiel left.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath that leads to a small coughing fit then sniffles noisily. "'M sorry. I dunno why 'm crying."
"Boundaries are important for every relationship, platonic and romantic. I'm sure that someone has done something that has made you uncomfortable which crossed a boundary you didn't know you had." Castiel explains gently. "I don't want you to please me. I want you to become more comfortable with setting a line that I and others can't cross."
Castiel sets his pen and notebook down and slides a box of tissues over closer to Dean. "We don't have a lot of time left so I'm going to wrap it up here. Do you think you could complete a small homework assignment for me?"
"The things I'll do to you. The screams you'll make, the blood you'll shed." the red around Castiel's eyes swim in with the blue. Dean swallows thickly, the sound clicking in his ears as his fingers twitch against the cushions.
"'S enough, c'mon, nice 'n easy." Dean spreads his legs a little more and Castiel slides its tip between Dean's folds, letting out shaky little breaths as it does so.
"Mom-Mommy," Castiel whines, "Feels good, f-feels so good Mommy."
"We Are Bound Until This Case Is Over. Any Harm Done To Me Will Cost You Your Life And Vise Versa. By These Words I Link My Grace With Your Very Being."
As soon as John passes past Castiel, Dean slides to the floor and bites into the collar of his shirt as a wheezing sob leaves his body.
Castiel uses his other hand to brush over the fading bitemarks on Dean's inner thighs and preens happily, he slides out his middle finger only to massage it back in with another finger, crooking and spreading them. Dean hiccups and his hands tremble against the sheets. Castiel moves his hand away from Dean's thigh to his leaking cock and fists himself in time with the thrusts he does with his fingers.
"N-nooo! S-stop please!" Dean cries, tears sliding down his temples as a short stream of piss starts to trickle from his cock.
Tags removed: Public Blow Jobs + Fleching
Red. Red, bright, and fresh blood stains the skin.
"Why? You have an entire–" Lucifer cuts off at Eve's slow glace towards him.
"You got the front?" Jo gestures to the register and Dean waves his hand in a lazy affirmation as he closes the journal and pushes it to the side.
I am creating a new story! It's called Homemade and will be posted after this story's last chapter! I hope you guys will be interested.
alternate chapter name: dean is an asshole/one track mind.
Castiel frowns in thought as he walks over to the clothing line, maybe, when his roommates comes, they would want it. Pulling his pants down from the line, Castiel feels for any damp spots before humming in satisfaction and slipping them on, not bothering to button it up before he stretches his arms over his head in occupied by a heavy yawn.
Not edited.
Dean sucks his teeth and flicks the stick onto the ground then toes at the burning end. He wraps the blanket around himself tighter and steps out into the harsh, cold air. His nose and ears burn instantaneously and he can already feel his balls shriveling. Dean shivers with each step back into the house and suddenly misses the warmth that the nicotine gave him.
Lucifer stares at Dean. "Are you sure it's okay?"
"'M g-gonna cum, 'm gonna–" Castiel buries his face in Dean's neck, crying and mumbling a string of unintelligible words. Dean slides their hand down Castiel's back and slips two fingers between his crack, pressing in the base of the buttplug snug inside him.
"Excuse me?" Castiel rasps. Garth shrugs and gestures with his beer to Dean, who's dancing with Rowena.
"Don't. You have nothing to apologize for. Breaking up with you because I didn't know how to handle your bisexuality is a childish mistake on my part. I see how happy you are here. I see how happy he makes you. I'm glad you're doing better, Dean."
"I know." Dean frowns, putting away the bags. "Go shower so Eileen doesn't smell your B.O and regret dating your ass." Dean snaps, trying hard to weave humor into his voice but now he's agitated and a sudden wave of sadness creeps up to his throat.
He wants to be hit, as weird as it may sound. He wants to hurt for being so disappointing and how
"You don't have to hide, ya know." he speaks just loud enough to the Seraph behind him. There's a small huffing sound, almost like a laugh, and Castiel comes to sit beside him.
"Shit! Charlie!" Lucifer collapses to his knees next to the bruised and bleeding redhead and lifts her head up to rest of his forearm. Charlie's eyebrows frown and she groans in pain.
Their rare family dinner is held at a posh restaurant with a dark interior, hanging lights, and glass tables accompanied by black chairs.
"Cas," Dean rasps lowly. Castiel makes a noise of acknowledgement.
"Was he working the Leviathan case, sir?"
Dean opens his door and steps out, a little confused but not upset or disgusted. Castiel avoids looking at Dean as he closes the trunk and adjusts the straps of their duffle on his shoulders.
Dean groans, kicking at his boyfriend's leg. "Take 'em off. Itchy."
Dean blinks up at the ceiling, a frown on his face.
Dean reaches under one of the cushions to pull out a half empty pack of Pall Malls and an old, bulky flip phone that has
"Y-yeah."
"You woke up sleeping beauty," a voice, one Dean now recognizes as Gabriel, complains.
"Maybe. Maybe the abandonment issues, everyone leaves, ya know? And when I call him daddy, it makes me feel like he's gonna stay. I don't know–it's like it's permanent. Like I know he's going to stay and protect me? Does that make sense?"
"Why is the number six so important?"
"Hello, Dean." Castiel greets, a light pink dusting his cheeks.
"My mother was not fond of getting groceries. She said the Devil poisoned it with preservatives and refused to by food. She would feed us oatmeal, crackers, very bland and unfulfilling foods and only two or three times a week. I dreamed of gardens in my sleep, that I could make my own and be able to feed me and my sibling. As I got older, I believed that nobody should have to go without food or lack of it." Castiel raises and drops his shoulders, clenches his fists, and remembers to breathe.
Dean collects soap bubbles to cover his junk and Gabriel pouts while Charlie lets out a sigh of relief, dropping her hand to her side.
"Hi, Daddy." Dean says, voice a little airy and soft around the edges. Dean calling Castiel "Daddy" is  something they've discussed at length, multiple times, most of which ended with them in bed.
Dean blushes and turns his head to the side when Castiel stares at him in awe.
"It, it's–what do I do?"
"Why did he love you for so long?"
Dean reaches then stops short, the woman's blonde pony tail swayed as she shook her head. "Nope. You reached, now you gotta go for it, it's okay." she nods her head towards the box and Dean pulls one out. He toys with the powder before eating it.
"You didn't wanna go with her?" Dean asks, busying himself with beginning to make Mary and himself breakfast out of habit. Mary sits at the table like she knows he'll do it anyway.
"That's the plan."
"You're thoughtful and kind–"
"I do not want you to think less of me." Castiel strokes Dean's back; the freckled and soft skin is warm and palpable in its touch.
"Novak." Dean mutters under his breath as he uses his hips to shut the car door. He thumbs at his phone, raising an eyebrow at the peculiar spelling.
"I've had a lot of patients run away whenever they have to work on their trauma narrative, their telling of what happened, so I want you to make a want, a promise to yourself, you don't have to tell me what it is, that will help you stay."
This Omega is stubborn but there's nothing that she doesn't know about him; Raphael sent back a handful of useful information after following him. This boy would do anything for his brother.
"Is it Castiel?" her scent of distaste spits on her feigned concern and Dean grits his teeth.
Eve tilts her head towards the sky. "So what's the plan, boys?"
"I appreciate it, really, Cas." Dean gets out quickly before exiting the room.
Dean blinks.
He finds the living room, eventually, and Charlie, Gabriel, and Lucifer sit on plush green velvet couches while drinking something pink and fizzy. Dean gets a whiff off pomegranate and something else more acidic and heavy. Alcohol. Wine, maybe?
Dean pushes down the front of his sweats, hooking his thumb under the rim of his boxers and pants and push them underneath his balls. His cock, only at half mass, wobbles and leaks against the grey cotton. Dean slouches against his seat, spreads his legs, and wraps a loose fist around his cock.
Both their bodies are sweaty which makes the comforter stick to them uncomfortably, their nipples have brushed against each other more than once, and underneath the awkward parts of their bodies, sweat gathers. Dean's thighs hurt from their earlier smacks and Castiel's back aches with the need to stretch his wings. It
"The bottom of what?" Castiel frowns.
"Castiel."
"Yessir." Dean concedes, walking over to his duffle and crouching down to look for a plain white tank top. Dean rubs the material between his fingers and bites his lip.
Elizabeth's family and Andrei are walking around the town but they stop and begin to crowd Andrei for information about his past.
"Fuck me," he pants into the car, reaching for the glove compartment and taking out tissues to wipe his hands.
"Do you prefer to be the big spoon or little spoon?" Castiel interrupts curiously as he shimmies out of his pants. "I'm fine with either."
(See the end of the chapter for
He wants to be useful again.
"You know where to find me when you're done." Dean gives a lazy, lopsided smile and hears Castiel stand up, a sudden heat develops between his legs.
Castiel cups Dean's freckled cheeks. "Will you tell me how you're feeling?" Dean hums, his cheeks warm, and his eyes brighten at the gentle contact.
"I know."
John tsks and takes an aggressive gulp of his drink. "Boy's fine, ain't ya, Dean?"
"Mr. Winchester, please take a seat." Castiel gestures to the available chair in front of the desk. Dean clears his throat before hesitantly taking a seat.
Dean's eyes flicker to Castiel's.
Dean swallows thickly, curling in on himself. His shoulder cracks under the pressure of his weight.
Dean licks his lips and sighs. "One Mississippi..."
Dean rubs the underside of the key, eyes flickering towards curious paintings hung up on cream colored walls. He comes to a stop and tilts his head, trying to figure out the painting; its a set of scribbled sketches where the pencil hasn't been lifted up from the paper, Dean can make out a thigh and arms but they seem bound. Dean shakes his head. He's probably wrong.
"I want Sammy's rehab paid for the next three months and you will get updates on my terms." Dean hangs up, takes out the sim card to rip it in half, then puts in another before calling the number again.
"Nope. We're as right as rain." he lies and Anna walks towards him with a predatory grin.
with them. Not like this.
Some days the two would stay up envisioning their house. How many bedrooms would it have? Would the kids nursery be closer to their room or further away? Would they build it by hand or have someone else do it? Dean remembers them writing down their plans on the back of a Lucky Charms box at three in the morning.
"Huh." Dean purses his lips as he stares at the yellow flower pot filled with soil and a key poking out of it like a blooming flower. He carefully stands on the bottom metal railings and braces his hand on the icy top rail as he reaches over and takes the key in between his fingers.
"You plan to punish me if I do?" Dean says, half teasing, half curious.
"Maybe it's a cat collar?" Dean uses his index finger to lift up a black collar, maybe around an inch thick that looks like it can fit around his wrist. There's three buttons where it can be fastened to adjust the size. Dean frowns critically at it; it looks brand new, no noticeable wears or tearing. Maybe Ophelia hasn't worn this one yet?
Dean's hands scramble and take purchase of the cover below him and wrings his hands in the fabric. Castiel's thrusts are brutal, they hit his prostate dead-on which leads his body to quiver and melt into the mattress.
Dean wonders what it must be like to be in love. Actually, no, he wonders what it might be like to fall in love. He isn't sure if there's much of a difference aside from being with your desired partner or the progress getting there.
"Just say yes! Your relationship can be fifty/fifty in America, just say yes!"
"Daddy?" he mumbles, more like slurs but who cares. Castiel hums quietly before sliding into bed with him, the pressed slacks making his leg hairs twist uncomfortably.
"Okay, that ain't no problem, hun. Here, lemme," Dean wiggles and shimmies underneath the blankets, effectively kicking off his sweatpants. "Get us a towel, it's gonna get a bit messy."
Eve has control over the Leviathans which mean she would have sent them here, why? Dean isn't sure on that part but what he does know is that someone noticeable, like a CEO of a industry, would be spreading the drug. If Eve is still in Purgatory then the Levi she sent here would be the leader of making the drug, right?
He never knew rejection would hurt this bad.
"Did you guys know anybody by the name of Levi?" Lucifer shakes his head and plays with the ring decorating Sam's finger.
Was that even a question he was supposed to answer?
"I was going to be gentle," Dean sighs, sliding off the desk carefully, he pats Castiel's hair and coos. "But how can I when you look like this?"
"Friday and Thursdays. Spending nights with you might be fun."
Dean wants to meet Gabriel and its not that Castiel isn't okay with it, it's just, Castiel would rather them not meet.
"See you later!" Dean hates that word. Goodbye. It's such shit.
Dean says no to the hospital, his voice firm and his face goes hard even as he's sick with something they don't know.
"Tell me you'll start going, please."
Dean tells it to fuck off but squeezes Castiel's hand to get him to stay.
There's blood rushing to Dean's ears, his own heartbeat pounding painfully fast in his chest that he's afraid Castiel will hear it. Castiel's touching him, licking him while he thinks that Dean is someone else. Dean clenches around nothing and his cock swells; that thought shouldn't be as riveting as it is.
The room is just as Dean remembers;
"Dogs are very distracting. They need constant play time and attention. Maybe you want to try looking into finding a dog?" Castiel smiles softly and a little precum stains Dean's boxers.
"Jo put you on the bed before she came on got me. Looks like she's done this before but this one was a worse than one's she's experienced."
Castiel squints his eyes, tilts his head, and looks Dean up and down slowly.
"Isn't that how we made first two?" Castiel defends with a gummy smile. Dean scrunches up his nose.
Castiel figured it's because of what happened two weeks ago, his panic attack, its calling Dean a feminine term and never apologizing. Castiel fiddles with its air humidifier and sighs, Castiel didn't mean it, surely Dean knows that but still, Castiel should apologize.
Castiel moans, humping into Dean's hand. "'M pissin', mommy."
"But I own you, don't I? I can call this whatever I want because I own
Castiel takes three deep breaths before setting his phone down and beginning to take off his pants. He has to apologize. He can do that. Castiel allows his pants to sag onto the floor before laying down stiffly on the bed.
If this person has enough power to open a rift then why would they attack two people like that? It's clear that Sam got to something and was attacked before Castiel was but why would anyone harm Castiel? Nobody knows
Dean coos condensendingly. "You dunno what to do with your dick, my love?"
Dean sits down with a small huff and rises then drops his shoulders. "For now it's been normal. How was yours?"
Dean nibbles on his bottom lip, continuing to wallow in his pity party. Don Miguel Ruiz would be disappointed in him.
"Usually for teenagers or kids I make a plan since I hear the basis of what they're struggling with from their parents. However, with adults, I do an assememt. With the assement I get the symptoms or companion struggles like depression or bi-polar disorder or even imposter syndrome. That way, I am able to work on the struggles while also getting to know the trauma and then knowing how to help with the core of the problem."
"I guess, yes, it could be a bracelet of sorts. How was your week?" Castiel gestures for Dean to sit down on the couch before sitting down in the chair across.
Castiel kisses both of Dean's wrists as he unlocks the cuffs. They drop to the floor with a clank.
"Remember, in and out, no looking longer than you have to and don't die." Gabriel lists before looking between the two and holding up his hand, ready to snap his fingers.
"Don't go soft on me now. It was only two years." Dean ruffles her head and Jo tightens her thin arms around his waist. Her weight, her warmth, it's different from Castiel's.
The insides of Dean's stomach feels floaty.
"Has he said anything different?" Dean asks. The security guard looks thoughtful.
"You are an Alpha as well, no?"
The bell hanging above the front door rings throughout the bakery and Dean uses it as his escape.
Dean whistles. "Must be a drive."
"Hi, baby." Castiel coos, inching forward as hooks his finger through the gap above his tie and tugs it down in one fluid motion.  "How are you feeling?"
He thumbs the answer button, eyes too blurry to look at the zip code, and brings it up to his ear.
"Put your fingers where mine are."
He doesn't now. At least not to the same extent.
Dean tenses at the heavy killing intent, an uncomfortable unsettling weight swirls in his gut.  There's a low creaking noise further down the hall and the two cast a quick glance to each other before walking down the corridor.
"He's...occupied." Red explains with a tight grimace on her features. Naomi frowns her eyebrows, turns around, and looks down her nose at the Beta.
It slides off his shoulders and pools with the rest of his clothes and they both stare at each other. Dean's eyes flicker down to Castiel's chest; marred with deep, scaring cuts and as lean as Dean always imagined it would be.
Lucifer walks out of the room, not looking behind him to see if Dean is following.
"You didn't come to order anything? Dean gestures at the display case with his pen, wanting Castiel to stay around for just a bit longer.
Castiel captures Dean right when they make it to a large field of grass. A baseball training ground, Castiel thinks after seeing the white spray paint and plates.
Dean stares down at Castiel and shivers at the pure excitement that courses through her body. "Stick out your tongue."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Y-yeah, want to, please."
"Babe! The shows coming on!" Dean calls from his rooted spot on the couch. He bounces on the bouncy couch excitedly, tapping his hands on his pajama-clad thighs that have little Angel wings dotting the fluffy fabric.
He smells like Sam. Castiel smells like
"I think our pups will be much cuter. Don't you?"
"Oui."
Blood coats the underside of Castiel's nails as he takes deep, shuddering breaths. "Apologies, Dean. I-"
Castiel reaches to his nightstand and rummages for the half-empty bottle of lube before he squeezes it over his fingers and eases his middle finger into Dean's hole. Dean tenses, his hole clenching tightly around Castiel's finger. "Ooh," he sighs, relaxing into the sheets and rocking against the digit.
"He's studying for the bar right? I'm sure he has some lawyer friends who can–"
Castiel continues his path of determination causing Dean to sit back against the bed. Castiel lifts the other's legs up and over his shoulders and makes a pained groan. Dean's towel is now bunched at his hips and his cheeks could be used to bake cookies on.
"So, Dean, what are you cooking for us this time around?" Mary asks, trying to lighten the mood.
"What?" Dean sets the mug on the coffee table before he has a chance to break it.
"Not at first. You were just a pup when it happened and me and your father–" she shakes her head at the false start before sighing. "We loved you even after you were born, you were just different and we didn't know what to do. We stated that you were an Omega at birth and kept you away from other kids so they wouldn't notice your scent. It worked, even when you went through ruts one month and heats the next, it was fine." Mary explains with a frown.
"Lisa. But I never had her living in my house and I didn't say I was in contact with her when I was."
Castiel leans forward, putting both of his hands by Dean's head. Dean's cheeks are a beautiful red and his lips and swollen from being kissed and bitten.
"Bye, Nordic!" Dean waves before turning and walking back home, a weight off his shoulders. His cheeks are flushed pink and his dress is wet and heavy.
"I wouldn't be able to love them right away. A lot of soulmates expect that."
"I have decided it be Castiel."
"You would like to mate me?"
"Naomi suggests eating human food might help with my energy." Castiel explains, a dismissive tone to his voice. Dean's eyebrows twitches downward and he leans forward to scent Castiel's shoulder.
His tearducts seem to have it out for him because they cause water to pool behind his closed eyelids then slide down his cheeks and mix between their lips.
Castiel's cock is hard and hot between them. It moves back, anxious and confused. Castiel clenches its fist, thinks, and breathes. It leaks and pulses and Castiel is
Mary bristles, her scent turning into one of burnt apple pie as she grows annoyed. "You are Deana, Princess of Winchester. You are an Omega. Don't be ridiculous with this Alpha nonsense."
Dean's hand hovers over the sleek door handle and his jaw works once more and he sucks in a shaky breath.
"So mom wasn't lying when she said you brought someone." Sam teases and Dean scoffs jokingly despite his hand tightening around Castiel's.
Mais elle n'est pas aussi jolie que la tienne: But it's not as pretty as yours.
Plot but it ended up being sad and that turned into porn.
"I never meant–"
They decided months ago, days after the wedding that it would be best for both of them to finish trauma therapy first then build the house. Dean was first to finish, he still goes for check-ins or he schedules an appointment when he doesn't feel right. But Castiel's past is more loaded then Dean's, his appointed time of finishing took longer than twelve months.
Dean bolts upright, slapping a hand over his mouth and tripping over his slouching pants until his knees make contact with the hard tile of the bathroom floor and he's hunched over the toilet.
"And I hate being in this room where people can see me, you,
"Sam's coming next week, if you want to stay and see him." Mary mentions casually at dinner. Dean's thumb stops stroking Castiel's hand and he sighs.
"–ean? Dean?"
"Dean Winchester? Castiel Novak, pleased to meet you." the sides of Novak's eyes crinkle as a tight lipped yet friendly smile appears on his face. Dean squints his eyes. Has he seen Novak before?
better. It doesn't help that he never left Montreal after they broke up; maybe he still had hope back then. Maybe he had hoped they would get married in the summer too.
Dean raps his knuckled on the counter and smiles easily at Donna sitting at the front desk. She looks between Dean and Lucifer with wide eyes before she smooths her expression.
"Two soft tacos for the Princess, three meat for Thules, and a burrito for me."
Castiel smiles softly, nods, and feels its heart speed up. "Yes, I would be honored to be your partner."
"Can we a least get off first?"
"Yeah?" Dean asks, so soft and gentle Castiel could cry. It makes Castiel feel like putty.
Castiel leans his forehead on Dean's.
I hoped you guys liked the first chapter. Second already in drafts.
This is not how it happens in the movies.
The conversation plays in his head then rewinds again. Dean brings his hand up to his mating mark where his neck meets shoulder and brushes over the burned skin.
Lucifer smiles a little bit. "When I was in recovery I came to see her, I remember in the Garden of Eden, she was nice. She was kind like I imagine a mom would be. After Father banished her, the time I got to see her was less and less. I want to know what changed. Why she's doing this." Lucifer leans forward to stand up and stretches his arms over his head.
the voice blurts as soon as the call connects. Dean stares at it; knees pulled up to his chest and arms looped around his ankles which can't be comfortable for anyone who's looking. He doesn't think he could move his hands if he wanted to.
Cas who claimed him, who protected him, who wants something to do with Dean and his fucked up shit. Cas isn't Cass or Lisa or Mary or fucking John, he's—
"Fuckin' shut up." Dean mutters, a deep tug at the bottom of his gut making him nauseous. His cock is half hard in his jeans but there's tears dampening his pillow and his heart is trying to jump out of his chest.
"Fuckin' give to me, gonna make Mommy cum too, just fuckin'–
"Bitch."
Dean snorts. "All day. You better tell me your name or else that's what I'm going to start calling you in bed."
And Naomi's heart skips a beat at the daunting fear that takes over Dean's features. This Omega really is a pretty pup; he reminds her of Jane and for a second, Naomi almost feels bad for killing that poor error. Castiel was so sad afterwards. Not that it matters much anymore since he'll be joining her soon.
"I remember you saying how when Michael was forcing his grace into you that you felt a searing pain and when you woke up you had that mark on your arm."
Dean and Lucifer cast a glance at each other but Dean's the one that speaks up. "We believe that if we're able to heal Castiel, he'll be able to  take his proper position."
Castiel closes his eyes tightly.
Alpha closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. "You stink of fear, Omega. Go. Don't run or else I won't hold back again." he allows Dean space to make it to the hallway. Dean stares dumbly and the cogs in his brain sputter.
"Pretty, pretty, pretty." Castiel groans, curling his toes into the carpet and grinding his cock deep inside Dean's insides, groaning and doing it again when Dean's tilts their head back with a low groan, exposing the column of their throat to hungry eyes.
Dean clenches his jaw. Missouri sighs. "At The Roadhouse when you got angry, the whole town went into chaos. Your pain radiates, Dean. Yes, things are repaired and it's calmed down some but some people were hurt, their children scared. I see the pain you carry on your shoulders, Dean. I feel the trauma and agony that so many people have put you through," she sets a white business card on the bed. "I know you'll make the choice that helps you."
Castiel leans back to cup Dean's cheek in his hands, his azure gaze fierce and swimming with affection? Adoration? As he squints down at Dean. Castiel brushes his thumb across Dean's cheekbone, once, twice before leaning forward and grazing their lips together.
"It might not even be his!" Dean covers his eyes with the crook of his elbow. "It might not be Castiel's."
Mary had let out a low, uninterested noise.
Castiel smiles, a small, evil one that makes Dean's hole clench. "Get on your back."
Castiel's eyes water. "I really want to marry you even if you might hate me."
Castiel stands up. arms flexing as he heaves the basket up with him, shifting it to his hip so he can grab the blunt. "My apologies. I'll see you on Friday. I hope work goes good."
"You doin' to that boy what you did to me? You tell 'em who taught you?" John's voice is mean, makes Dean cower and tears well in his eyes. He wants to cum.
As Michael and Angela get ready the show switches back to Moldova.
Castiel presses kiss after kiss on the soft skin and rubs the small pouch of fat on Dean's stomach. "If it hurts then we stop okay?"
Dean's close to hyperventilating, close to passing out because he can't get any oxygen in his body until John pulls away, steps away until a distance is between them and Castiel's head is poking through the arch.
"Shut up, Bitch."
"Our brother says he had a run in with you last night, it looks like he approves of you." Lucifer says, a knowing look in his eyes.
It breaks Dean's heart every time he has to see it.
Castiel nods quickly. Dean would leave him if he ever saw the open rips on Dean's back. He's just lucky it hasn't bled through yet.
"Omega?" Castiel calls, concerned and Dean sniffles, he opens his mouth but closes it with an audible click and swallows. He sucks in a shaky breath.
He needs
Castiel grunts.
"So, why'd you come to The Roadhouse? No judgement here, the food's great." Charlie asks as they stop in front of the wood doors.
Dean checks himself in the mirror once more then walks over to his bed to set up his decoy. He uses the palms of his hands to squish the pillows so it's flatter than normal then tucks the two under his thick comforter.
"You really," Lucifer laughs, one filled with pain and bitterness. "It always has to be you and Sam. You'd even let my family die for your bond."
Castiel lets out an airy chuckle. "I believed I would have reliable neighbors to get it for me. As you can see, I wasn't wrong. The office is the extra room down the hall from the kitchen. I'll see you soon, Mr. Winchester."
I am sorry in advance.
"'Course I do."
Small town, word goes around, Dean shouldn't be surprised.
He doesn't want to be here, he doesn't want to do this.
Naomi walks around, looking at the fancy interior. "Winchester," she sighs. "Looks like I missed a dog." she turns her head to the side to look at Dean. "And here I thought I got all of them."
"Usually this interview would be over but our time is limited and you are it. Your records are clean and there's no hidden family in Cuba or elsewhere and you show no signs of weakness. We are going to ask you to sign a contract of confidentiality and if you were to break any of the rules or regulations on this contract then we have every right to erase you from this Earth." Anna tilts her head and smiles.
I couldn't just leave her out of the picture."
Dean rolls his eyes and taps his finger against his chin in a false pondering motion.
Dean stares at Aaron before nodding. He can't do this. "Listen, Aaron, I take my position as a Princess seriously. I plan to inherit the throne with or without an Alpha and a heir. No offence, but you don't seem like the type who would be able to rule our land."
Castiel turns to open the dryer and empty it into his basket. Still crouched, Castiel bounces on his toes in thought.
He raped Dean. A fresh wave of bitterness washes over him.
"We didn't come here to cause trouble. Eve–"
Dean leans forward in his seat, waving his hand as to stop Sam even though he's not in front of him.
"Get out of my sight and don't come back until you get me worthy information, boy."
And his letter that sits underneath his makeup back as a mere decoration, reads:
"Now, you are nothing. No mate could possibly want something so broken."
Once the room fills with suffocating steam, Dean steps into the shower with shaky legs with his back to the water, hissing as the hot pressure of water burn and turn his skin a rude red colour. Dean closes his eyes and tilts his head back, curling his toes at the tingling sensation that racks his body. Dean feels around blindly, fingers grazing against the sharp metal that resides on the otherwise empty soap holder. Dean brings the old blade up to the dry part under his stomach and slides the edge to open the pliant skin.
"I apologize." Dean sniffles with his head bowed. "I wouldn't have taken them if I realized a spirit lived here."
Dean clenches his jaw. Did she mean
his cock against Dean's prostate.
"Gonna give you all the help you need." Dean swears, makes quick work of getting them out their clothes before guiding them to bed; Dean on his back, exposed and looking at Castiel with such love in his eyes that Castiel wants to say it but doesn't. Holds it in its heart for safekeeping.
"Good. Don't act like a fool tonight, Omega." John spits and Mary pats John's chest. "Leave him alone, John. Let's go check on preparations." she leads John out of Dean's room without a second glance.
"Right." Dean doubts with a frown. He tugs on his boxers and pats around for a shirt; it feels softer than his own shirts and his Omega purrs at the thought of adding it to their nest. Dean tugs it over his head.
John always said.
Castiel ends up carrying Dean back to his family's manor when the sun begins to rise. The climb in through the window like teenagers and laugh like newly weds until they fall into bed and then there's no talking and Castiel is gone in the very being that is Dean Winchester.
"Take your cock out 'n put it between my thighs." Dean instructs gently, lewdly, cheeks red with arousal. Castiel pushed its boxers underneath its balls and shuffles closer to Dean, shivering at the heat he feels radiating from Dean. Dean closes his legs, gasping at Castiel's cock sliding against his clitoris.
What's a fairy tale without the villian/angst?
Castiel's grace seeps out and with a bit of control Castiel manages to keep himself from completely shedding his vessel.
"You can fuck off and sleep in the guest bedroom now, Mr. Know It All. You can come in before everyone wakes up so nobody suspects anything." Dean mutters bitterly into his pillow. Castiel stares at Dean's back with a heavy heart and tears in his eyes. He wants to take it back. He wants to tell Dean everything but if he does, if he tells Dean that they're soulmates, Dean will become afraid.
A hand covers Dean's mouth and his back curves on the armchair of the loveseat with Castiel kneeled between his legs. Dean's eyes roll up to look at the flared wings crowding over him. He can almost see the strings of odor coming from them; black and thick. His nose flares. Sulpher.
"It's fine, Charlie. You're off duty for now, I will show Dean to his room."
"There, I took your kiss virginity."
Since John—
Dean merely nods and uses his spoon to idly move the liquid back and forth.
Castiel wishes he could see Dean but the fluff from his dress his in the way. He wonders what kind of face Dean's making. Castiel moans, allowing the noise to vibrate against Dean. Castiel pulls away, a strain of slick and saliva connecting from Castiel's lips to Dean's hole.
Dean's eyes widen and the tips of his ears go red.
Dean grasps the handle gently before turning it and opening the door slowly.
It was to be expected, of course. Castiel's side of the bed has been empty for three weeks now, the linen is cold and now smells of laundry detergent instead of oncoming rain and ginger honey.
The sun is just beginning to rise from civil dawn when Dean walks out of his washroom, a heavy whoosh of apple scented steam finally being freed from confinement. Dean's body is flushed a heated pink and he towels himself off gently.
Dean straightens up and Castiel eyes can't help but flicker down Dean's body, a bite of shame crawling up his spine.
There's a chair pushed next his bed, a beige trench coat hung over the body, and a open book lies next to the nightstand table, a sticky note hangs from its side. Curious, Dean leans over to read it.
"It was impulse. I saw the pound on the way back from our session and said fuck it. Lucky I did because she was on the kill list."
Castiel's feet hurt. He's been stripped of his wings and tortured but yes, his feet hurt from standing and talking too one to many people, none of which is Dean. Castiel sips the fuzzy champagne that pops on his tongue and nods along with whatever Garth is yapping in his ear.
Charlie's a rambler, Dean has come to realize, while Benny mostly hums and comments offhandedly. She asks him questions that boarder on personal but he can't find it in him to deny her any answers.
Dean bites his lip before plastering on a smile. "Right, thanks."
Castiel rocks his hips into his fist lazily as he watches Dean lotion his legs in a smooth motion. Dean is very feminine, confident in his own masculinity to wear pretty pinks and captivating cerulean lingerie.
Castiel's apartment smells like coffee grounds and dirt.
He should collect some blackberries tomorrow.
The door swings closed on its hinges and with each flick of the door Dean can see heavy snow falling sideways and Benny's retreating back.
"Jerk."
"You don't have to identify as anything. I love your soul, a piece of you that doesn't have a label, can that not apply for the rest of you?"
"I apologize. It seems I startle you quite a lot." Castiel admits with his eyes cast.
"Don't be ridiculous. You know my chances are slim to none." Dean rolls his eyes as he lifts his head up.
Castiel sits down carefully with his back against his bed as to not drop their stuff then pulls Dean down gently who sets down the bowl and takes out the forks.
Castiel reaches for the backs of Dean's thighs and, in one smooth motion, lifts him up. The water splashes around them noisily and Dean gasps in surprise and tightens his thighs around Castiel's waist instinctively.
"She's in jail." Gabriel promises, reading Castiel's mind over the phone. "She won't hurt us again."
Dean's eyes flicker upwards. "Sorry?"
Henricksen shuffles awkwardly beside him, his boots crunching the snow beneath them and his Alpha scent thick with bitter coffee which gives Dean the tell he needs to know that Henricksen hates this just as much as he does. Maybe he knows that Dean can dispose of his body in twelve different without leaving a trace. Ah, but Dean's just speculating.
Castiel misses it. The sun and vessel.
Dean raises his arms to wrap around Castiel's neck, bringing him down for a chase kiss on the lips; Dean coax Castiel's mouth open to nip and lick into his mouth, wrapping his tongue messily around Castiel's. Castiel shifts, his knees coming up beside Dean's hips and rests Dean's thighs over his own before he grinds his erection against Dean's.
"Need us to come at the same time, baby. Need you to, fuckin' hell!" Dean reaches between them and rubs his clit aggressively, feet flexing in the air.
"There should be a river around here." Lucifer mutters under his breath, taking a second to flicker his eyes at the monotone scenery around him before walking straight forward.
Michael is seen wiping down the table while Angela is walking back to the apartment, seemingly more calm then the night before. She goes on to explain why she was mad the night before.
Dean tightens his grip on Castiel's hand. "And you'll be here either way?."
Dean glares at the black, wilted feather that he took from Castiel's wings. If Dean picks it up again he's afraid it'll crack in his palms. The drug surely has to be eating away at him, he's been like this for how many months? Dean runs a frustrated hand through his hair and begins to pace back and forth.
Would Castiel laugh in bed with him?
"Dunno yet. Sam wants Eileen to come up and meet Mary and John." Dean explains, teething around the tip of the pen. Jo huffs and puts the glass down, a startling clink sounds their empty shop causing Dean's ears to pull back and a flinch to startle his eyes back up to Jo.
Dean sits cross-legged on the cliff, not paying any mind to heavy drizzle falling above him or to the fact that his clothes have stuck wet and heavy against his body.
"I see. I should get going but I'll see you tonight for our session." Castiel ducks his head and gives a short wave before turning around and leaving the bakery; the bell's chime mocking Dean in a way that he can't explain.
"Daddy!" Dean gasps, hips jerking erratically as he comes.
Every artificial bone in his body, in this
"Could you knock next time?" he bites, looking at her through the mirror. Mary waves her hand at Dean's attitude as she walks up behind him and squeezes his shoulders.
Dean grumbles under his breath and downs three of the shots on the tray. They'll burn as they go down his throat.
"Would you invite John?" he bites. Not sir, not dad, but
next chapter, Castiel's POV?
they'll shower you with gifts when it's time for courting."
"I'm sorry–" he starts to say but Dean shakes his head.
Dean thinks.
When he makes it to the back of his house, he toes off his sandals and uses his back to push open the back kitchen door. He's only two steps in before Ellen starts picking at him.
"Wanna see all of you," Dean mumbles, rocking back against Castiel's cock that throbs against his crack. Castiel distracts Dean by gripping his ass and pulling him against Castiel's chest so Dean's cock can rub firmly up and down his midsection.
"Sorry, it took me a while to find Ophelia's harness." Castiel's voice sends a tingle down Dean's thigh and Dean waves his hand dismissively, shoving his phone in his back pocket, the unfinished text he was ready to send Sam prolonged for a little longer, and looking up.
"It's okay. It's okay, you did great, you were fuckin' amazing, Cas." Dean rocks them back and forth in metallic smelling, blood colored water while Castiel sobs loudly into his chest. The clamps lay outside of the tub, some broken and others simply open, seemingly innocent. Dean can still hear Castiel's screams in his ears if he stops talking for a second, the sound makes his heart pound and his toes curl with discomfort.
"Hey," Dean grunts with a frown. He shuffles closer to Castiel and presses a chaste kiss on his lips. "What's goin' on?"
"It's your name, you know. He sits there and keeps saying "Luke" over and over and not once does he say my name."
As he walks downstairs, he ties the opening to his robe with an unnecessary amount of aggression, making him suck in a harsh breath when he ties it a little too tight.
"Excuse me, I would like to introduce Mr. Winchester." Charlie bows her head respectively and three pairs of eyes land on Dean.
Dean Winchester is a handmade creation; a split of an egg and a sperm spell but sculpted and perfected by the goddess themselves and brought to life by the highest order.
"So be stripped. Be humiliated. Imagine how quickly your problems would be solved if you woke the man who created them." Eve talks as if she's communicating with a child and she blinks her eyes obnoxiously wide, mocking.
"I-I can't stop, it feels–" Castiel's ass clenches and he tilts his head back as a throaty moan escapes from him.
"Or am I an Alpha?"
Dean briefly thinks about brushing his teeth before he starts to strip his pants and shirt and decides to do it into the morning. He doesn't want to stay in the washroom for too long. Dean's hand brushes against old, raised scars and a heavy feeling of guilt and disappointment fills him.
"You got it." she nods her head firmly.
"He never came. You turned sixteen and he never showed up to take you. That's why we're trying so hard to find you someone so you can be normal! So you aren't forced to make someone you don't love! Isn't that great?" Mary outstretches her arm to reach for Dean but Dean presses himself against the glass door, tears spilling over.
"S'good, daddy." Dean sighs, eyes fluttering closed. The digits spread inside him, caressing his walls and prodding, searching for–
Castiel walks closer to him, his feet coming to step between Dean's smaller ones and Dean takes an instinctive step back. They continue this dance until the back of Dean's knees hit his bed and he falls back against the sheets.
"Daddy! Daddy please lemme–
"Jerk!"
With a flutter of wings and small burst of wind, Castiel leaves.
"I love him! I never wanted that to happen. Please, De,"
um, hello. yes. ive written, did i cry? yes. it all hit too close to home.
He's never been so grateful about waking up this early in his
"Omega-mine." Castiel sighs, nuzzling at the damp area before laying his tongue flat against the material and lapping at it hungrily. Slick coats the corners of his mouth and the top of his upper lip and Dean's eyes flutter as he sucks in a sharp breath, leaning back and knocking his head back against the wood as he rocks against Castiel's tongue.
"I will be here either way." Castiel holds him closer. "You should rest."
"Let's go to Purgatory."
He wants to know how it must feel; how one fleeting glance or a brush of hands can make two people so disgustingly happy. He wants it. No matter how he may bitch about how sappy it must be, how co-dependent those people perceive themselves to be. He wants to be greedy and selfish and co-dependent too.
Castiel moves the arm secured around Dean's waist down to one of Dean's cheeks, he grips the globe in one hand, pulling it away from the other so he can insert another finger into the mess that his other fingers have made. Castiel thrusts the long digits leisurely, spreading and crooking them until he feels a small gland bump against his fingers.
Dean looks around the office, nostalgia blanketing over him. Charlie's action figures are still lined up high on their bookshelf. Jo's bartender books are stacked carelessly in a corner and Dean's old guitar is resting on top of the stack.
"So good, beloved." Daddy runs a hand through Dean's hair and Dean twitches again, the damp stain of the front of his pants darkening. Everything Dean hears is muffled and his mind is blank so he lays down on Castiel's chest while rocking his hips slowly.
Gabriel snaps his fingers once more with an over exaggerated huff and a machete cranks noisily on the coffee table.
John gapes for a minute before Mary announces, voice loud and clear, that the dance has begun.
"It made me feel like I was caring for you, like you needed me and it didn't make me feel misgendered because I know that's not what you meant but it made me feel like, I don't fuckin' know!" Milk sloshes on Dean's arm as he waves it around while he talks.
advice.
"She plans to do
"Relax, Dean." he whispers before leaning down and gently pressing their mouths together.
"Yeah?" he responds, voice cracking just the tiniest bit.
Castiel imagines it would be easier for him to say 'cuddle.' but to each their own. Castiel shimmies off its pants and shirt before crawling into bed and wrapping its arms around Dean's heated body.
"Anna is in on it." Dean bites in frustration before running a hand through his hair. "She probably wants to take Castiel's place. If someone takes God's place, they get his powers right?" Dean gusses.
Sugar. Honey. Iced. Tea.
Dean turns to look back at the pond, his heart dropping when Castiel doesn't reappear to the surface. With a heavy heart, Dean turns back and runs through the forest back home.
"Gotta clean us up. Just stay there. Close your eyes." Dean orders and Castiel closes its eyes, thinking and breathing.
"You sure about this?" Dean asks once they've pulled back, Castiel nods and tugs at Dean's boxers. The blonde lets out a breathy laugh and brings Castiel's hands up to his chest.
"I can't," Dean clears his throat. "I can't do it just once. I have to do it six times within fifteen minutes of each other."
"Yeah? How come?" Castiel brushes his hand against Dean's.
"You should get up, mama's coming home." Lucifer warns while walking pack and forth at the foot of Dean's bed; his cheeks stained red with dry tear tracks with his hands shaking by his sides.
It's silly, if Dean's being honest. He shouldn't be this stuck over some Angel who treats him–Dean flinches at the hot tear that drops onto his nose–who treats him like he's a goddamn rarity. His brain supplies what Donna explained as a "thinking mistake" and how he feels isn't categorized as should or shouldn't but the wires in his brain are submerged underwater so all of Donna's "thinking mistakes" can go to hell.
Castiel smirks, pleased that Dean has dipped into his headspace whenever they have sex. He suckles lightly on the glistening tip, running his tongue over the slit teasingly and Dean bucks his hips, allowing his cock to dive further into Castiel's mouth. Castiel pulls back with a glare and Dean fists the sheets roughly.
"Y-yeah." Dean nods.
"Thank you, bush." he mummers kindly before turning around while cradling the berries to his chest. The gentle sloshing of water does wonders to sooth his mind and he did snack on a few of the berries so it's understandable why he didn't notice the person on the opposite side of the pond watching him. And it's not until Dean gets that telltale prickle at the side of his face that he looks up and to the right that he sees Nordic, maybe even Blue Star, eyes staring right at him.
Castiel's movements are awkward, shy, like he doesn't know what to do with his hips, with his dick. Dean shudders and tightens her arms around Castiel. Still, it feels like Castiel is taking over their entire body.
Dean turns around, tilting his head up, just the slightest, and eyes widening at the nordic ones staring back at him. Dean blinks a few times, eyes skimming over Castiel's form appreciatively.
Dean stares straightforward, playing his Castiel's fingers. "What would you name the baby?"
time he couldn't handle it led to his relapse. He doesn't even remember what he had exploded about, everything had been too much and there wasn't space for him to breathe even though he's 99% sure he was outside. He doesn't think he'd ever seen Cas so scared before. Donna had reassured him that it happens, that it's okay and he didn't have to go to therapy the day after because
"Sam shouldn't be around drugs."
Dean remembers Mary with her bags sneaking out of the house, her glare when he called out to her. Dean looks down, maybe he's the reason everyone leaves.
Dean's appointment doesn't happen until two days later. Those two days make him antsy. On the first day, Charlie, Benny, and even Garth came up at different times to share stories about themselves while Dean listened. Midday, Castiel came up. He gave Dean liquids, things like soup or porridge, and made sure he drank water, all while not speaking. He stays in Dean's room the rest of the day and whenever Dean was watching some soap opera on the television or reading doujinshi that Charlie sent him on his phone, he noticed Castiel staring. It made Dean's chest spasm and his cheeks heat, not that Castiel mentioned it.
"C'mon. You tell me something, I'll tell you something."
a nervous chuckle,
Dean's jaw clicks shut, eyes watery and downcast. He shouldn't have said anything. He's sick in the head and to want–he swallows thickly–to want
Castiel's toes curl and he pants into the opening of Dean's mouth, keens and moans it while Dean growls and nips posessivley at Castiel's neck. The skin covering Castiel's tip pulls back, gets stimulated from the mess between Dean's thighs; from the wet pubic hair.
"What?" he snaps.
"I would never call a God such a horrible thing! That's practically blasphemy."
"Last night was a big night." Dean comments, stroking Castiel slowly. "How do you feel about it?"
"A mother never lets go of her children, you know that." Eve pinches Lucifer's cheek. "Have you gotten weaker?" she eyes him curiously and Lucifer looks away. Eve turns, her long dress flying behind her, and stares down at Dean who stares back, defiant and ready for a fight.
"Oh, I don't remember, must'a slipped my mind."
He will keep this victory to himself and his plants.
Dean wipes his runny nose on his wrist and swallows thickly. He blinks up to look at the mirror in front of him, grimacing at his red-rimmed eyes and stuffy nose. He stares for a few more seconds before sighing and walking to the bathroom to splash some cold water on his face.
Dean's had four glasses of non-alcoholic champagne, one for each Alpha who's stared at him like he's a piece of meat, and he's tempted to sneak out and steal his father's good whiskey.
"This conversation isn't over." Jo promises and Dean turns on his heels, making his way to the cash register while blinking back the tears threating to spill over.
Dean straightens his back with a groan and takes a fleeting glance at everything around him as he starts walking to the Crimes Department. Everything is so prim and proper Dean could gag; everything around him is white, pristine, he could lick ice cream at these walls. The Angels walk in crisp white suits, it makes Dean's jeans look like something from the mud out of a truck show. Their wings tucked behind up like some sort of security blanket, and why are their faces so blank? Some of them spare Dean a glance, curious at the running faucet that is Dean's scent.
Setting the duffel bag into one of the red chairs set off to the side, Dean types out a message.
"Why do you want to see Eve so badly?"
"Oh! Are you going to confession night?" Sam asks excitedly.
Bits of gravel travel up Castiel's throat and Castiel turns his head to cough into the inside of his elbow.
Castiel's eyebrows crease and his lips turn downwards. How does he want people to perceive him?
I do apologize if anybody didn't want the time skip but I really wanted to put emphasis on how time can lead to change. It's something that I don't think I could've put into "fanfiction time" which would be a month of their courting but it's not the impact that I want. I really appreciate everyone reading this and leaving comments and kudos.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shuffles a little closer to Castiel; their knees touch in their curled positions as he tries to calm down his pounding heart.
Castiel stills, glancing at the side of Dean's face to see if he's doing it right but a sharp pain, one that starts at his heart and radiates throughout his body when he notices a few stray tears coming from Dean's eyes. Castiel reaches over to put both of his hands beside Dean's head, looms over him, and noses at Dean's scent gland while inching the rest of his cock inside the tight heat.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Plus they'll be hot Alphas
"Right," he whispers, voice choked.
"It turned me on." Dean interrupts, cheeks colored with embarrassment. Dean haphazardly slams his bag on their small kitchen table before opening the fridge and taking out the buttermilk Castiel was keeping in there.
Castiel starts with small kitten licks, curious and hesitant in his actions.
"Oh, noooooo," Charlie pouts, clearly drunk. "Why'd Cassie leave?"
"Who would love me like this?" Dean raises his eyes in disbelief.
"Nothing to worry about just yet, Let's keep going." Lucifer instructs. Dean follows closely behind Lucifer, clenching his jaw rhythmically, on edge. As they walk, Lucifer's wings twitch and flap, causing leaves to fly around them and low branches on trees to shake.
"Call me it again." Dean rasps, a heat building in her gut.
"C'n feel you thinkin' even in my sleep. You okay?" Dean rasps into the pillow, rubbing his face into it before blinking at Castiel.
Dean opens his eyes to stare at the darkness of his green sheets and exhales shakily. The smell of himself causes an acidic wave of bile to rise in his throat; he knows it smells, he knows he has to shower and get up but he's so tired; his limbs are declining any signal his brain sends to them.
"So, you don't drive?" Dean asks as they walk further and further from Dean's house to the city. Good thing he's wearing flats.
"She went to the store with Castiel. And before you ask yes I gave her your Christmas grocery list." Sam says when Dean opens his mouth with the prompted question.
Castiel pauses, head tilting up from being buried in the pillows and scents openly. He rises slowly while a low growl begins in the back of his throat. Dean eyes drop between Castiel's chest to his cock and an orange hue shows the shiny column of Castiel's throat. Dean licks his lips nervously, slick making his thigh hairs damp, he tilts his head back invitingly.
The cogs in Dean's brain stop turning and Castiel raises his eyebrows.
"Omega—"
"Nooo!" Dean wails, tears flowing freely. "No, no, w-want your-
"I've never kissed anyone before." he repeats louder to the lazy ripple of water.
Dean squeezes his arm before blurting, "Castiel mated me,"
"Good–perfect, that's perfect." Castiel smiles softly. "Do you want me to walk you out?"
is very kind, very reserved but once it opens up to you, it can be very caring. Castiel takes care of special cases, ones that our younger Angels cannot handle due to their lack of exposure. It also takes care of the Earth's Cleaner: Bees." Anna informs helpfully. The next corner they turn is dark, darker then the blinding white that Dean's eyes have become accustomed too.
"Benny's giving it to Castiel through food. He brought it in and it had the same smell."
"You swear on the Gods?" Dean whispers as he steps closer and Castiel steps towards the ponds edge, the pleasant sound of jostled water accompanying his movements.
"Jo!"
"Castiel! I'm glad you could make it." Chuck's smile is bright and all knowing. Castiel unbuttons his suit jacket as he walks to the chair next to his father. He throws the coat over the back of the chair and sits down.
Dean opens his mouth but Lucifer tsk's dismissively. "Naomi is an Intelligence Angel. She has access to information on every being in Heaven which means she isn't the one giving the orders but providing information."
Castiel's hands explore underneath Dean's shirt curiously making a shiver run down Dean's spine and slick start to dampen his underwear.
"It'll work, won't it?" Dean's lips curls upward.
Dean's lets out a low whistle and closes the folder. The threat level is Poughkeepsie, huh?
Castiel blinks back his tears and a small, whimpering sound escapes from his throat. He's sorry, he's so sorry.
"How so?"
Dean stifles a snort and walks towards their kitchens, noting that their display case is more than halfway full, and leans against their open frame and watch Jo sweep up the flour spilled on the floor. "Now what if there were children around Jo?"
Something inside of him aches and wails something terrible. It's not enough to drag him out of bed though, no, it's the mouth watering smell of fresh coffee being made by
"Stop." Dean blushes, looking away. Sam is staring at him oddly and John looks scared.
It's been a year and two months since he came to Poughkeepsie; almost a year since he started dating Castiel and he feels–shit, he doesn't even know.
Dean snorts then covers his mouth with his hand and laughs behind it. He smells overjoyed and comfortable.
"Was good, Mommy." Castiel agrees sleepily, breathing and dozing off.
Was Castiel kneeling on the floor?
"With a house and kids." Dean agrees.
"I love you too."
If Castiel were to explore, to really see it, Dean doesn't want to think about what would happen. "Only touch here, please."
"She started taking me and Gabriel to church when we were young..."
even though he doesn't want this. He doesn't want
"Who you think we start with today?" Castiel asks with a small tilt of his head.
Dean toes off his boots and nudges them against the door's frame and before he has the chance to step forwards, Novak glances over him.
Dean rubs at his chest with a slight heat on his cheeks as he walks out his room. Castiel is shuffling through the kitchen drawers while Miracle is in her doggy bed pleasantly knocked out.
Lucifer glances over at him. "Cassie will get...upset if you don't take care of yourself."
Castiel's eyelids go heavy and spots appear in his vision; the smell, the taste, and the feel of Dean is everywhere.
"For the kingdom's sake." he mumbles to himself and without saying goodbye to his parents, he walks lazily back to his room only to throw the letters on the floor.
He takes a hesitant step towards the pond, stomach churning with uncertainty as wind brushes by him, shaking the leaves and making a shiver run down his back. Dean swallows down the nervous bout of bile rising in his throat as he stares at the slow moving waters and steps out of his shoes.
Sam rolls his eyes while Dean searches through the fridge, mumbling a few crude words about the emptiness of it.
The sound makes Dean's body tense and he holds Castiel impossibly closer.
Lucifer kisses Sam's hand lightly and Dean ruffles his brother's hair gently before they both leave the room, angry and dejected.
I'm very sorry, I had this chapter ready fo post a month ago and then I fuckin fell off.
It's freeing in a way that Castiel never thought it would be; to take what's his. To claim it back once again. The wind rushing past the open gapes in his body is blood pumping and the Omega in front of him is dizzyingly beautiful. Castiel's heart thumps against his ribcage painfully and tears gather in his eyes. This is his.
Scared?
"My body will remain the same. I will remain the same. I will still rule like I wanted and since I have a mate there's nothing stopping me from doing so once you and father step down." Dean states evenly even though his hands are shaking and his heart is going a mile a minute.
Castiel's eyes go soft around the edges. "I'm into other things that they might not be into."
"Comin' right up." Dean tugs a pair of gloves out their box and slips them on. He starts by making the starting the coffee first and turning his head to call into the kitchen. "When is Charlie coming in?"
"Alpha!" Dean keens, thighs tensing and eyes rolling at the back of his head at the feeling of fullness. Castiel grabs a handful of Dean's ass and leans back to watch his dick become swallowed by Dean's hole and slick slide down his shaft. Castiel shifts closer, pressing his chest against Dean's back, and sucks love bites onto his shoulder while letting his hands trail up Dean's sides and to his nipples, using his nail to press and flick at them. Dean gasps, arching his chest into Castiel's hand and brings a hand down to fist at his neglected dick.
"No, I'm alright. Thank you for the offer." Castiel mumbles, short and cold, making Dean's heart crack around the edges.
"'S my fault too, should'a explained it to you. I just live in my own lil' world sometimes and think that everybody knows." Dean explains. "I'm sorry too."
It's anguish, no, it's agony, Dean thinks. The pain that Castiel must feel and endure is indescribable and Dean's heart squeezes at the exposed bone he can see through the holes in Castiel's wings.
"Slow your roll Dean-o! Death?" Gabriel scoffs looking doubtfully between Lucifer and Dean.
"Monday mornings and evenings. Tuesday mornings; Thursday and Friday nights which is two days a week."
"I don't make it sound consensual." he grumbles bitterly.
Dean's eyes are so dark, so green and looking at Castiel like it's the best thing in his life and Castiel's insides are mush.
"C'mon, Cas. It'll just be me 'n Charlie 'n...the rest of 'em." Dean mumbles that last bit under his breath. "But I'll stick with you like white on rice, please Cas!"
"No! I know, that it's soon, we've only been dating for almost two months but–"
Tears fall onto Dean's chest and Castiel dick hardens inside of them.
"You grew into such a handsome boy, you were always the funny looking one." she shakes her head fondly. Should Dean feel offended? Because he is.
Dean is special, so special that Castiel's hands shake when Anna goes near him to produce pheromones like a common whore. Anna is a lower being, something he could step on and split with his blade. A atom that should have never been a thought in Father's mind but alas, Castiel will simply have to deal with it.
"We can start trying anytime you're ready."
"Please, Dean." Castiel whispers, his whole body shaking and more tears slide down his face. Dean licks his lips and kisses Cas softly.
Dean folds it open, careful not to tear the wet droplets dotted across the page.
Dean closes the door behind him with a deep sigh and tilts his head back until it hits the solid wood with a soft thunk. He hates it, the mingling, the storytelling, the playing pretend. He should've stayed home tonight.
"Staff is not allowed to mess with your belongings so if your laundry has gone missing then it appears Cas–uh–Cassie has taken them."
a male whispers. Dean doesn't bat an eye but the owl that sits on a tree branch in front of the window does. He wonders when it got there.
He's hard. Of course he is, he can taste the sweetness of pain that Castiel is giving him all in the wrong situation but Christ, he's
The wedding had also allowed Dean to get the key to the handcuffs from Rowena, an absolute ruthless but kindhearted witch who trained Dean as well as Sam. Controlling his magic had been relatively easy after he started learning how to keep his focus. It was like working on a car and focusing on specific parts. A childish analogy but it works for Dean.
Dean puts them on then blinks down at the floor a couple times. His head still feels a little woozy and his stomach feels like his organs are fighting each other for the nonexistent nutrients in his body but he's fine. He's had worse.
Anna is rough. She doesn't kiss or leave marks. She doesn't waste time on prep and is loud in bed. Anna treats Dean like a job where Castiel treats him like a lover. A mate.
"You'd really wanna spend it with me? I'm new you know, not even that high up in the ranks and I really wanna give you boys a good time." Dean purrs, a low sultry little noise and winds his hands up the heated skin on Dee's arm, batting his eyelashes at Dum.
in bold letters on the back.
Their heavy breaths are the only noise heard in the steamy room and Dean strokes Castiel's hair, who still trembling and crying into his neck.
"Can I ask you about what happened?"
"I just didn't say anything. It wasn't about you–"
"My fiancé and my brother are dying, of course there's a problem!" Lucifer shouts.
Dean looks off to the side, shy. "I meant it too. I‐I'm in love with you too."
He's the problem, he's always been the problem.
In the show Miracle is male but played by Lexi, a female dog. Kinda weird that they changed it but whatever, Miracle will be female in this book.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. I liked the kiss, I fucking loved it and I have no idea why because we don't talk and I don't know you but you make me feel like I'm dying in the best possible way–fuck, man, I feel," tears slide down to his temple and Castiel's sobs have quieted down to small cries and sniffles.
"You alright?" Lucifer claps him on the back, jolting Dean from his stupor. Dean looks down at the bleak, dead leaves and dying trees and swallows down the disgusting amount of bile rising in his throat.
"You don't have to go."
"You can support the fag all you want." John hisses, glowering at Castiel before turning on his heels and stomping back into the kitchen.
There's a desk against the wall, angled towards the door with a bee bell that has a sign behind it that says 'Buzz Me!'. Dean presses the little dinger atop the bees head and waits. It's only a few seconds later that a soft thudding noise resonates throughout the house and Dean sees a wild tuff of raven hair and serious blue eyes come into frame.
That thought never ceases to make his head spin.
Dean's drowning when he wakes up; throat dry like he's swallowed gravel, nose clogged with snot, and eyes crusted over. There's a hole in his chest that's being weighed down by an anchor that won't move. Dean sits up, huffing when his back hits the headboard, and paws blindly for his phone.
"Je te dévoilerais mon âme," Castiel widens his fingers and Dean gasps, pushing back against them. "Mais elle n'est pas aussi jolie que la tienne." Castiel licks the outer shell on Dean's ear.
Dean looks away, a small tingle of curiosity in the back of his head, and rests his hand on the door knob next and slowly pushes it open, a line of light widening as he steps inside. Dean makes a low noise in the back of his throat, looking around the room curiously.
Dean hisses, face contorting in pleasure. Castiel leans forward again and bends his head to suck and bite at Dean's nipples while quickening his pace.
"'S my break off birth control, gotta keep off it for four days." Dean mutters bitterly, still squirming. Castiel hums quietly, takes note of the bottle of midol and water on the nightstand.
Castiel drapes the robe over his shoulders and puts his arms kindly through the fluffy sleeves before carefully standing him up. Dean's knees wobble and he hisses sharply, grabbing onto Castiel's shoulders for support as the rope of his robe becomes tied.
"You've been watching me, haven't you?"
"I know, I know. You can't stay mad at him forever, Dean." Mary reminds as if it's the hundredth time she's saying it.
"Is there a reason you would like to tell me why you don't care to live?" Castiel asks carefully.
"Hello fellas, care to let me in to see the queen bee?" Dean raises his eyebrow with a grin that spreads easily on his face.
"Hello?" Dean sighs as his eyes slide shut. At the sound of his voice, Miracle trots in from the living room and hops onto the bed, jolting it and making Dean's head dip uncomfortably until she settle right above his head.
"No, jus' like wearing them. I'm–they make me feel comfortable, I guess."
"Have you been out of rehab long?"
"Line yourself up then push in. Careful when your knot pops and ease into it." Dean instructs. That's the gist of what they're doing, right?
"Once a Hunter, always a Hunter. Their phone number is on the back as well as the requirements." Henricksen mutters softly before leaving the folder in the middle of them then getting up and leaving.
"I had, um, chlamydia for a short while."
Dean cries out. Castiel growls low in his throat and fucks his knot against Dean's prostate until Dean's eyes widen, his mouth opens in a wordless cry and he clamps down on Castiel's knot.
Slipping away from the crowd is easy; the room is dark, John is distracted talking to Missouri who shoots him a sly wink, and Mary is dancing with Sam.
"Pleasepleaseplease," Dean begs, thighs shaking as Castiel works in a third finger. Dean's soul pulses with each brush of fingers against his prostate and Castiel pulls out his fingers gently so he can squeeze some lube onto his cock. The Angel pulls Dean down the bed so Castiel's cock can easily be eased down and slid into Dean's tight heat. Dean's thighs tighten and tears slide down the sides of his face, Castiel rocks his hips lazily and Dean lets out a choked grunt.
"No, not really. I'm no Dexter." Castiel responds fondly. "How are you feeling?"
"Don't be." Castiel holds Dean closer, hands sliding down until they reach the hem of his shirt just to push underneath the fabric and trail his cold hands up Dean's sides.
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean's waist and pulls him flush against his chest, moving his hips at a faster pace. Dean clutches the back of Castiel's shirt and gasps into the open air. His breath comes out hot and drool seeps out of his mouth as Castiel pistons his hips harder.
"Can I asked what happened?" Dean whispers, fearing that if he speaks up he'll break the moment.
"I was so worried." Dean sighs, tightening their grip. "Are you still dropping?"
"Say it louder why don't you." Dean groans smacking his head on the table.
Castiel blinks and breathes. "Holy shit."
Charlie is sat comfortably on Dorothy's lap, sharing what looks like something citrusy on the chair pulled up to the booth; Benny and Andrea are huddled together across the table from Dean and Cas; Jo and Ash linger at the table from time to time but go about serving other customers; And Garth is swaying slightly in his own seat; Bess absent.
"They're very pretty, Dean. Did you wear them for me?" the question isn't laced with lust but genuine curiosity and that only makes Dean's blush darken.
"Well, when I had licked up the slick you left on my counter, I was looking for something more permanent. I didn't want to disturb your bath after all." he sounds amused, and smug.
Dean backs away to get the key from his nightstand drawer then hands it to Castiel with a grin and puts out his wrists. Castiel eyes Dean up and down the raises his eyebrows. Dean strips down to his birthday suit. He's getting a little déjà vu.
Dean covers his mouth to hide his smile but red still shows itself on his ears and chest. Dean takes Castiel's hand and brings it his lower belly.
He doesn't escape Lucifer until years later, when he feels something shift, like the world flipped it's axis unexpectedly, and his heart begins to pound in his chest. It's Dean. Something is wrong with him, something bad that Castiel is given the undeniable urge to
"Castiel." Nordic mumbles, almost like he's embarrassed. Dean turns around to see Nordic with his head ducked.
"Stop it." every thing inside Dean shrivels and tears gather in his eyes.
"What happened? Why, why am I not mated to him right now?"
he thinks bitterly,
If Dean opens his mouth he'll scream, he'll gasp for air, he'll probably cry so he nods. Tries to communicate to Cas with his eyes that he needs help. He can't breathe.
Soft hands gently open his thighs and the warm, damp cloth cleans the cum dribbling out of his swollen rim. His toes curl, his face contorts into one of pain, and he hisses lightly.
"Why wouldn't I be safe? I'm with family."
"I'm different,"
She begins to walk over.
Looks like he didn't.
His abusive, alcoholic, father who couldn't tell shit from snow.
"Winchesters don't love, boy." he had said.
"You're not getting anymore babies outta me." Dean huffs despite the small smile on his face and Castiel begins his profuse apologizing.
Homemade will NOT be a destiel fic but another one that has yet to be named will be.
"When's the last time you had one partner?" Sam bites and Dean cocks his eyebrow, shocked but not hurt by the jab and Sam sighs as he unpack the bags. Dean toes off his wet boots and follows.
It's dizzying. The rush of power that Dean gets, it tingles in his toes and makes his body lock up and his ass clench and it's revolutionary. He can feel how fast his blood travels through his body; he can see each atom in the air; and each Angels hand that use to touch him vanish; his own saliva tastes of molecules, of simplicity and complexity all at the same time.
The hand slides down to his throat;
"If you decide to keep the baby but don't want to be with Castiel anymore, you should give the baby to him."
How could he do that? How could he hold Dean down and shove his cock inside of him? He's protected Dean from everything he could; from Mary, from Michael so how could he be a potential threat to Dean's happiness?
"Where are we?"
"We can!" Lucifer reassures. "We can do it."
Castiel does as he's told and Dean guides their cock between his thighs and underneath his balls. "Close legs."
"I don't think it would be a good idea for me to answer that as your therapist."
"Who said you had to love yourself?" Castiel asks, genuine curiosity in his voice which makes Dean raise his head to look at those baby blues head on. "From a young age, children are taught to love themselves just as they would others but what if you don't love others, that child is then seeking validation in something they possibly can't feel and they'll mistake abuse or manipulation as love. I believe that instead of being taught to love themselves, they should learn to tolerate themselves; to live with themselves. Love is easy to fake but learning to be so aware of yourself and what you can handle is harder."
"Princess, you're trudging water in my kitchen. What happened?" Ellen tsks and grads the paper sack from Dean's hands to set it on the kitchen island, it hits the marble counter with a dull thud and Dean frowns his eyebrows at it.
It's all too sappy and romantic for Dean's liking but Castiel is calling the shots on this one so Dean doesn't have the space to complain.
Castiel's cock twitches against Dean's hip and its cheeks flush. "Sorry."
The pain that Castiel is feeling is barbaric.
I need to stop writing at 12am, somebody help. More sex in the next chapter because I got a great, terrible idea!
Castiel leans forward to plant a soft, demure kiss on his lips; his body cold against Dean's. Castiel slips an arm underneath Dean's side that's dipped into the mattress then grabs two handfuls of his ass and rolls them so Dean is straddling his lap.
"''M sleepy." Dean sighs, eyes burning with tears as he interlocks hands with Castiel's own which is laid loosely at his hip.
"Caaasss! Right there, pleaseee!" Dean squeals, thrusting his hips up jerkily against the quivering energy stimulating his prostate from both ends. Castiel coos deep and menacingly as he presses harder against the sensitive nerves as he gets another coil to flick against Dean's nipple. Dean's legs clamp shut and he clenches down and rocks his hips down aggressively on Castiel's grace.
"You aren't very busy are you?"
Castiel grips Dean's wrists, whimpering and pushing down against the tongue. His cock bobs and the tip leaks pre-cum into Dean's hair. Castiel clenches  thighs around Dean's head and whines loudly into the room.
"I think I want to propose to Charlie." Jo confesses, putting down a freshly dried glass just to pick up a wet one and dry it down.
"What?"
"Wouldn't you?" she asks with a smile. Dean has to stop his nostrils from flaring. She stands up with a laugh.
Castiel huffs, squishing in a third finger next to the other two and Dean writhes at the stretch, his head coming down to rest on Castiel's sweaty shoulder. "Daddy, gimme it, please. 'M ready,"
"I-it's hot inside, Dean." Castiel groans lowly, mouthing at Dean's skin, his cock jumping inside of Dean as he slides another inch into his Omega's heat. Castiel's skin feels itchy, his toes are curling, his wings are spasming, and tears won't step falling from his eyes and down his cheeks.
"No, every time I'm in the room..." Castiel stops talking.
Dean heart twinges at the sadness wrapped around Castiel's words and he looks up, eyes widening. "Holy shit, your nose is bleeding!" Dean quickly sets the glass down, jolting Miracle, who whines, and Castiel stumbles back and uses his sleeve to wipe at his nose.
If there's a rut then they'll be a mating bite, despite the incomplete burn when Castiel goes to bond Dean might become fertile for twelve hours.
"Ma–"
It's not just Busty Asian Beauties that he'll jerk it too; if Cupcake Wars is playing and he gets the urge then it just happens. He'll stain his pants thinking about what it might feel like to sink into the filling of a chocolate cupcake. Or if he's having a bad day, some dickhead up his ass about why his cookies are so expensive, he'll lock himself in his office until his cock is weeping.
"Did you want it?" Jo asks with a straight face. Dean sighs and turns to look at her.
Castiel lifts himself to his knees, thighs damp with sweat, and brings himself down to sit back at Dean's waist. He reaches back and runs a curious hand over the thick cock before lining himself up and–
Castiel rubs Dean's stomach soothingly as his soft cries turn to small sniffles and hiccups.
not edited as per usual
"Have you always wanted to run a bakery?" Castiel rubs his red hands together before exhaling on them. Dean pats the back of his pants pocket and takes out the gloves stuffed there, handing them over to Castiel.
And as if on que, a sad mewl is heard from behind one of the locked doors.
Dean whines when another finger joins beside the other. It's been a while since he's done this, especially considering since he only does it when his heat comes.
"C'mon, Puppy." Castiel looks up, one eye completely taken over by red. "
"Not if Father does it willingly." Gabriel says. At the silence following his statement, he continues. "Lucifer isn't able to get it, I don't want it, Michael doesn't want any part of it, Castiel was basically forced with this, if he says he doesn't want to do it anymore then Father would go to his next trusted which would be—"
The peace only lasts a few seconds before Dean's stomach grumbles loudly.
Dean winces at the mild discomfort and his thighs tighten around Castiel's waist. Castiel kisses the outside of his ear as moves the digit in and out of Dean smoothly.
"Good?" Castiel questions curiously as he twists and wiggles the digit.
Dean takes note of how quiet it is.
"The Alphas who come here only lust after wealth and power. As soon as I'm pregnant with a heir they'll forcefully take over the throne and cast me aside until our child is of age." Dean grumbles into his elbow.
There's nothing tainted; his posters are still hung neatly on his wall, his old guitar is shoved in the corner of the room next to crumped sheet music, his car figurines are stacked neatly on his old, wood dresser. His bed is new though, probably a cheap queen bead frame from Ikea that barely fits inside his room with a new mattress.
"You'll like it, trust me." Dean mummers, the hot breath makes Castiel shudder, then he spreads Castiel's cheeks further before licking a hot stripe across his rim.
"I know that our first session left off on an awkward note but I wanted to know how you're feeling now that your brother has been gone for a little more than a week. I assume he didn't leave on a negative note."
"That's good. I'm proud of you."
"It's nice to see you again, Hermaphrodite."
"This is stupid." Dean mutters, thumping his head down on his vanity, the paper underneath his forehead crinkling at the tension.
What the
"I need you." Castiel kisses below Dean's ear.
"I'll wait for you." Castiel turns his back and walks through the kitchen arch.
Dean shoots between them not even seconds later, letting out a string of 'Daddy's' or broken versions of Castiel's name.
Watching her leave, Dean relaxes against the desk, something about her makes Dean's skin crawl.
"I'm good, thanks." he says, like a fucking liar. The person beside Sam nudges him slightly. Sam sits up straight and grins, "Uh, Dean, this is my fiancée, Gabriel. Gabriel this is my brother, Dean."
"You didn't think about makin' anythin' for me, boy?" John finally speaks, the judgement and disappointment evident in his tone makes Dean's gut twist.
"You can't go back there!"
"Her–
I've been thinking and I don't think sex scenes really fit in this story. I will be taking out some tags related to anything sexual. ( there will be some near the end of the story though )
Castiel lays Dean down on the wet grass and pops open the button on Dean's jeans.
Lucifer chuckles. "No but he prefers to tell you his name in person. He's dramatic like that. Sometimes." he adds the sometimes a bit bitterly and his mouth curls downward.
"Dean–"
"Gonna cum? What if Dean walks in? Sees you like this? Sees you cumming inside my pussy?"
Jo bites with no malice.
"First the women doctor and now this? Fuckin' grow up."
"Didn't know John had friends."
"How gross." Dean whispers, pulling his hand out and turning onto his side. Still, Dean's mind can't help but wander.
Mary sighs. "His family is very powerful when it comes to Jewish customs and he's a very good leader."
Castiel rubs his sweaty palms on the knees of his pants and exhales shakily.
Suffocating and cold like the definition of loneliness, Dean would say, that's what they step into. It's surprisingly quiet which Dean imagines he should've suspected with no animals, no life, keeping the place noisy. There's also an uncomfortable warmth that spreads from the top of his spine down to the pits of his stomach. Behind them is a sliver of gold light, dancing in its own space, a start contrast to the bleak, soul churning darkness.
"I also believe that I am pansexual." Castiel whispers but what rests on his tongue are harmful scripts that his mother would recite until head would hurt and he would cry to make her stop. Little boys that like others boys aren't sinners. It's the priest. The priest is always the sinner. Castiel thinks and breathes, his hands tremble.
Castiel hesitates in his steps, thoughtful. "Another time."
Dean and Sam eye each other with obvious challenge before begrudgingly mumbling their equal holiday cheer. John sits quietly in his chair. Dean tries to not let it get to him.
"I'm s-sorry for taking your berries! Please don't blind me!" Dean shouts, feet carrying him further and further away from the eyes and he slips and falls on his ass onto the damp grass.
Castiel should have presented sooner. Always the late bloomer, always the last Angel but somehow God's favorite which is why Anna went after what was his.
"What else did Jo tell you?" Dean's throat is dry, his palms are sweaty, and he feels sick to his stomach. "
"Stressed. Yeah, no, I got it." Dean shrugs and turns his back to stock the pantry. "Today's the last day, huh?"
"Not a lot of clients around the holidays." Novak points out and Dean nods.
Dean steps forward and takes a deep breath. "We have reason to believe Naomi is giving Castiel Leviathan Blossom. She's probably working with someone to distribute it, have more people under their control and if Castiel's dies—"
"Jerk!"
Sam was clean, had been for six years with Lucifer and Dean by his side, then Dean left because he's weak and couldn't handle a couple of hits from his father and he
"Are you sure you won't need it while you're there?" Jo crosses her arms with a sharp arch in her brow.
"If I recall, you said you didn't have one. Are those reasons why you choose not to accept your soulmate?"
Incomplete Burning: a punishment that I made up that is essentially used for a mated pair when one or both are suspected of a crime. The burning of the mating bond kills the burned and leaves the other alone until they eventually kill themselves. John did this with the intent of making Dean feel suicidal and dependent on him since John did imprint on him as his Alpha since that's his dad.
Castiel's eyes go watery again but he stares into Dean's eyes as he unbuttons his shirt.
This was supposed to be bottom Dean but I don't know what happened... next time!
"Dance. I watched a lot of movies where people would often dance during their birthdays." Castiel sounds proud in his answer and the scent of happy Alpha wraps around Dean.
call me that like we're friends."
"Thank you for still liking me even after you saw it." Dean whispers into the darkness. Castiel frowns thoughtfully.
"I noticed that you peed the bed, that's nothing bad, it happens. I did notice you sweating earlier so I ran you a bath for when you wake up, would you like me to carry you there?"
"Do you want to finger me or do you wanna watch?"
"It would be wise not to talk about my Omega like that." Castiel growls, setting Dean on the cool, marble counter as he glares daggers into the parents.
"Cas," Dean gasps when Castiel pulls him flush against his chest. "We don't know each other."
Sam exhales and gives a small smile, knocking to glass pasta sauce containers together. "Yup. All my stuff is packed up in Garth's truck so I can move the rest to Eileen's."
"The Princess always runs away with a night and shining armor. Do you have a secret one?" he asks leaning forward.
Dean chokes on his spit, shakes his head furiously  and makes his way to the hallway slowly with his back facing the entrance way. It's dark, even though his eyes have adjusted to the low lights, so he stumbles a little not that he has the time to be embarrassed about it while being looked at like prey. The Angel stays true to his word and stands still while Dean makes his getaway. Dean stops at the archway and his mouth opens and close a few times because he feels as if he has to say something.
Dean's lips twitch upwards. "What made you move here?"
Therapy had been, and still is, terrible. Dean means in a good way, however. Donna is calm and patient with him but stubborn and pushy when need be. Dean still struggles with self-image and thoughts of self-loathing or self-harm but he knew from early on that they would always be there regardless of how much therapy he went to. He is able to be more descriptive when it comes to his feelings, and yeah, he still has bad days. He still snaps at anyone who decides to talk to him whenever they want to know what's wrong, he still ignores Castiel for hours, sometimes days, when they Angel comes forth with another secret he kept from Dean. But it's not as much as before, nowadays he can be level-headed and understanding.
"I do not enjoy public spaces, Dean." Castiel reminds his roommate for the umpteenth time as he gently cleans the dust off the leaves of his Echeveria elegans.
"Did you just 'dude' me?"
"Habits?" Dean asks.
"Wanna talk about it?" Dean sets the settings on the washers and presses his card against the reader before pressing start on all of them.
Castiel's grace flickers at the sound of it.
"It'll disturb the balance. If someone's taken out of Heaven, Father will know. She'll probably kill him after she's done with him anyway and he'll end up here." Lucifer stops in his tracks and arches his wings in warning, their towering presence makes Dean think about Castiel's own. Do they still tower like Lucifer's? What colour are they? How weak do they look now?
"It's their wedding." he whispers.
more sex, confirmed feelings, and therapy.
Dean sets the bag on the floor of the passenger seat of the Impala, using his hip to close the door before jogging to his side and collapsing in the seat. Dean glances down, up, to his sides, and then down again, creeping his hand to palm at his cock.
"C'mon, Dean, wassit that you used to call me?" John moves closer, forcing Dean to back up against the counters. John leans in, his breath stinks of cheap Coors and Dean's hands are trembling and his cock is, it's
Thinking about it has Dean's scent swimming with irritation.
His hands don't feel like his own, the thought of who's it actually is makes his bottom lip wobble and bile rise in his throat. Dean squeezes his cock and tightens his fingers around the nub. Cum dribbles over his fingers and his balls pulse lazily.
"Good morning!" Gabriel smiles widely. Dean squints up at the two, fingers twitching underwater. The fluffy, purple soap bubbles have deflated somewhat but still cover Dean's neck and lower; the smell of lavender still potent in the air. Dean exhales, grateful to have a cover for his scent and mark.
Castiel perks up at the sound of Dean's bedroom door opening and then shuffling, a short, heavy groan, and the coffee maker running.
"S-stop–
"Stop callin' me that."
Dean's slammed onto the bed as soon as he enters their room. His clothes are manhandled off and Castiel is biting harshly into his skin; the lights that are on are the only way for Dean to see the top of unruly raven hair.
and he doesn't," Dean gestures to himself, the words stuck in his throat. "He
aches and throbs under layers of skin, muscle, and nerves. His grace is burning, itching, yearning to get out now that he's home. There's a heavy rain in the air, it makes the hair stick to his forehead and his trenchcoat become like weights on his shoulders.
"Sir, if you would follow me to your room." her lips are curled into a frown and the blue eyes look away. Why does it feel like he missed something?
Castiel helps Dean up the stairs, gently stroking his thumb on Dean's shoulder. "Where's your room?"
"Are you scared to tell me?" Dean asks, so much open space in his question and no judgement.
Dean's cheeks warm and he scoffs at the neatly written note. His fingers trace the edge of it lightly and he takes one more glance at the black folder before closing the vanity drawer. He glances out the window to guess around what time it could be.
There are no excuses. I suck at updating and since I've started work it's been even shitter.
"Cas! Shit, baby, you can't do that. Know you're an Angel an' all but that shit will hurt."
Colt pulls Jess into an awkward, clumsy hug which Jess doesn't reciprocate and she gathers her coat in her hand with a teary goodbye to Colt.
Dean takes his final few steps out of sight from Alpha then books it to his room. He slams the door closed with his back pressed firmly against it.
"Nothing like that! I'm just a friend." Dean reassures and honestly, couldn't they remember their other colleagues name for once?
Dean closes his eyes tightly, fisting the heels of his palms into them before taking a few deep breaths and forcing his lead-like limbs to Castiel's room.
Dean rises in turn, picking up his machete and rolling his shoulders back.
Growling, Castiel delves deeper, moaning at the taste of his Omega. Anna's a liar. Dean yelps, squeezing his thighs and rocking back against Castiel's tongue. Castiel grips Dean's thighs and pulls him closer, making a mess of his chin, cheeks, and nose.
"Her outfits are so nice. I want that shirt." Dean sighs.
The silence is deafening.
"There are other ways." Dean catches her attention.
The Novaks live in a manor. A very large, very expensive looking, manor that has Dean questioning every move he's made up until now
"The cuffs on your wrists help keep your grace,–"
"Okay but why? I wanna meet the people important to you, Cas." Dean thumbs underneath Castiel's pectoral, moving the flesh there. It's night, they always have their conversations at night, in Castiel's bed, where there's warmth and blankets.
The timer on Donna's stand goes off softly and they both give each other happy, satisfied grins. Dean gives Donna a hug goodbye, practically bouncing on his feet as he leaves.
"What was Castiel talking about earlier? Something about coffee grounds and a smile?"
School and work and shit is keeping me busy but I really love interacting and posting!
When Dean told Castiel about what Mary had said, the Angel had been suspiciously calm the entire day but when nightfall came–Dean's cheeks flush at the memory.
Tears of frustration rim Dean's eyelids and he runs a hand through his hair, "I want to be able to look in the mirror and not hate what I see. I want to–fuck, I don't know."
hurt him.
back.
"I was scared you would think my hesitation towards myself would cause you to think of me differently."
Dean passes by the towering trees and sits down on the cliffside. Dean stares at the red blending with purple blending with orange reflects off the water below. It's cold, well, cool is the word he should use, wind sends a shiver through his body and makes the sweat on his body sticky. The nicotine from the cigarette helps a little.
"I love you too." Dean's reply is instant and soft spoken.
"You didn't wanna say it? Why?" Dean gently settles his blunt nail in the folds of Castiel's urethra and rocks his finger. Castiel grips Dean's wrist and fucks into it, shaking. Dean lets a shaky exhale and rocks her and Castiel's body together.
"We can't just let him eat that garbage!" Lucifer yells causing the lights around them to flicker dangerously.
"How gross." Dean sighs, leaning his head back until it taps against the tiled wall. Did Castiel stay with him the entire night? Dean sinks lower into the tub. He must've looked disgusting.
Their scents are thick and heavy with power that Dean has to suppress a sneeze.
Castiel weeps. "'M cumming, 'm cumming in your p-pussy. O-oh, oh fu-ck!"
"Yeah, gonna give it to me? Gonna cum? Gonna fuckin' blow, baby?" Dean growls, snarls and tugs on Castiel's hair while his other hand ventures behind Castiel. Dean goes by it slowly, barely ghosts over it but Castiel chokes. Dean does it again, presses a greedy finger against it, moaning as it gives.
, he wants to breathe on Dean's bruised skin when Dean's voice hitches and his back arches as Castiel thumbs over his slit.
"The idea of commitment is scary for you. You don't believe in soulmates and relationships aren't for you, if you knew I had harbored feelings for you or if I was your soulmate, you'd ignore me. You'd leave. That's why you attempted to kiss me."
what is that spot that Dean keeps hitting again?
Miracle makes a noise of agreement.
"I'm–"
Dean means to ask a question, who wouldn't in this situation, but as the two doors open on their own and Dean's eyes catch four, large black iridescent conjoined wings, the tips of them nearly touching the roof as well as the corners of the room and his brain turns to mush, melts in where he stands, and his throat goes dry. Dean goes dizzy with the beauty that stands in front of him and his eyes flutter closed.
"Ten."
Intimacy is curious, to say the least.
"It better not get me pregnant." he chastises and Castiel makes a noncommittal noise.
Also! I am not religious whatsoever! I hope not to offend anybody later on in the chapter.
"'M sorry, s-sorry, that was gross, 'M sorry." Castiel sniffles and pulls back, exiting Dean as gently as he can whilst shaking.
There's something strange about how excited Castiel feels when the sun hits the trees at just the right angle; leaves turn a golden hue and the trunk showcases it's yellow highlight. It's warm, Castiel remembers; something about the sun even if it didn't touch his skin directly made him feel warm. His vessel was also smaller then. A child with pale skin and contrasting hair.
"Cas?" Dean asks into the darkness.
"And you? You are safe?" Castiel checks, leg bouncing.
"I like you!" Castiel shouts. The lightbulb above them breaks but Castiel can still see the shock on Dean's face. Since when has Castiel lost all of his decorum?
also, if anyone wants to become mutuals and teach me to rollerskate or skateboard, im down. (also wanting a plug)
"I could never." Nordic says seriously and Dean chuckles again.
Dean swallows, ears clicking as he does, and Castiel shifts and makes a low noise in the back of his throat before rolling his hips slowly against the damp mattress.
"J-Jesus, fuck–" Dean hisses, body dampening with sweat causing his thighs sticking to Castiel's. He's so, oh, oh,
"Do you think it has something to connect with your separation anxiety or abandonment issues?"
"Oh! Hello! Dean, I didn't know you were inviting someone over!" Mary laughs. Dean hates it. Hates her. He hates her so much.
"I assume you two didn't come to visit?"
"Alpha?" Dean rasps.
Dean knocks his knuckles against Charlie's raised legs then rubs Baby's dashboard affectionately.
"Naomi?" he rasps, eyebrows pinched and eyes squinted as he tries to catch up.
Castiel growls lowly and shoves his fingers deeper, massaging Dean's prostate. "What is it, puppy?"
Dean, still lust-drunk and floating, frowns in confusion as he tries to piece the words together in his hazy mind. It's the most words Castiel has ever said but Dean can't get past the fog in his mind to comprehend any of it.
Dean covers his eyes with the crook of his elbow and tenses then relaxes his fist. Castiel is speaking to him. Castiel is trying to
"It's unnecessary. We don't enjoy it." Lucifer shrugs walking up a couple of stairs then turning into a hall with plants hanging on from the ceiling and stopping at a foggy, glass panel door with black lining.
Dean's hands tremble and his head throbs with a newfound pain. His eyes shut tightly on their own accord then the heavy scent of crashing tides mixing with coffee beans suffocate Dean.
How bad could this Aaron person be anyway?
"I'm–"
When he steps over the rise to enter the living room, his mother and father are stood over their coffee table, Dean's surprised dust hasn't caked over it since the haven't used it in years, looking over what looks like papers of some sort.
Dean isn't sure how long he stays lying there staring at a picture across from him that sits on Castiel's dresser. Maybe it's been thirty minutes or maybe an hour but Castiel's knot has deflated and his cum dribbles out of Dean's hole and onto the sheets.
"Hey, Cas." Dean whispers, a small, kind smile on his lips.
Dean picks up a night gown off the floor of his closet and slides it on. "No, I was just, hoping? People in the movies they have sex and fall in love and, and that's what we–what
Dean has only seen Castiel's true form once, unintentionally. Dean was tending to the garden following each of Castiel's prompt instructions when Castiel had flown in, angry and vibrating with such an intense energy that it made Dean fall to his knees.  Dean only remembers seeing eyes, each one so bright and soul searching, before his vision was forcibly blacked out and Castiel told him to go inside and stay there.
"Y-yes, I am." Castiel's stomach feels funny. Maybe it got sick too.
Warning: Implied/mentioned past prostitution. Also a controversial issue is mentioned mildly. Forced feminization as well.
"Of course, it's encouraged. You're so good."
Since when did he become the more mature brother?
"My apologies. My brother did tell me I struggle with personal space." Castiel smiles apologetically and Dean's insides warm.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I spent years trying to figure out how to be me while I was her. Didn't help that my dad was a dick without'a lick'a sense. I just, knew. Knew that I wanted my body to be different, knew that I wanted how people perceived me to be different but I also didn't want to fully change me, ya know? 'S why I just got top surgery and never bottom surgery. Didn't want it anyway, 'm happy knowin' I discovered myself." Dean ends with a happy flush takes a long sip of coffee.
"Hello, this is the Novak Residence. How may I help you?" a calm, feminine voice asks.
Thules grunts before turning away.
"I like to establish myself."
"Hence the ball." Castiel concludes then adds on with hesitance, "If an Alpha were to catch your attention at the ball and they were aware of your desires then could you see yourself with them?"
Castiel's throat feels dry. "Want to watch, Mommy."
"Of course not, why–"
"I know, I just–" Castiel groans in frustration and Dean's cock perks up at the noise. "I feel guilty for feeling traumatized."
Anna leans forward over eagerly, ignoring Dean beside her who looks uncomfortable and out of place. Gabriel gives her a look and Castiel has a stifle a chuckle when Gabriel mumbles a few unkind words towards her then vanishes with his lover.
He doesn't think they will.
would like. To have sex and fall in love, like the people on television." he stammers, stepping out with his head down.
He must be a hypocrite then because right now he's grinding his toes aimlessly into crisp white snow while wearing one of Sam's sweaters, heavy sweatpants, and snow boots. It wasn't his plan; he meant to head back inside, to crawl into bed and wait for the sun to rise but the snow looked so inviting and for a second he could smell his mother out there.
"This is the third body in the past two weeks." Dean bites through his teeth as he stomps through the depths of his second home; loud, pleading screams from tortured souls echo down the dreary, dry hallway. His tail flickers in agitation, the crease between his eyebrows grows more tense, and he slams his closed first against the rusting iron bars. "Shut it!"
