Two hours passed by and still nothing had happened Sherlock had begun to pace and John sat in his chair reading the paper, at last there was a knock on the door but alas, only Mr.s Hudson however she looked very worried
"Don't worry, I've survived worse. course i've also survived better." sherlock actually smiled a little bit and nodded agreeing with him
“Rosie escaped and now you can’t find her yes?” Sherlock asked all to happy to be getting out of the date as John instantly went into a panic
“Rosie figured it out?” John asked there was a long pause on the other end of the line as Lestrade cleared his throat nervously and John took it as a yes and something more
"It's alright, I've got her." John promised Sherlock smiled a bit and the two began their long walk home to face the music.
"isn't it obvious?" Irene asked after about a five minute pause as her eyes looked upon him observing him for his reaction when John didn't reply obviously not understanding she laughed a small gentle laugh "he's trying to make you learn more about Sherlock, obviously there is something you don't know about sherlock that he does and that he wants you to find out"
“The story is about witches and one of the main ones has a name remarkably similar to yours, not that I think you’re a witch- “
"Katherine." John replied already knowing what Lestrade was going to ask him. Lestrade fell silent seeming to understand a bit more after that was John seriously the only one who hadn't known Sherlock had a daughter? John stood then he was trying to think of how to figure this out, he only had until Six P.M tonight and the two most capable people that could help him were currently trying to save Katherine. That sparked an idea.
No, Sherlock and Moriarty are not related considering Serina/Margret were not actually related be it by blood or adoption.
"Assuming the phone had full battery when she took it approximately a half hour ago and it's a disposable phone that goes through battery rather quickly.......I'd say we have an hour and a half to find it before it goes dead." Irene said to him John left the line open and used his Mobile phone to call Lestrade and the police.
John had been duped and what's more he knew that Molly had definitely taught her those tricks. Rosie would never have known to do it on her own and she wouldn't call Sherlock for such a simple thing. THe next morning Molly called and apologized to him confessing to the whole thing but also confessing exactly why as well.
"Alright so Moriarty has to be some where close to wherever Sherlock and Mycroft are so that he can watch them and make sure they don't do anything to go against him," Irene started thoughtfully
John could only assume that it was Moriarty who had done the deed himself so that left at least one clue of him. John then heard Anderson mouthing off to some of the others about Sherlock.
John and Irene had been at it ever sense they had figured out the safe deposit box mystery and now they were trying to track down where they could be. Which was easier said than done. Moriarty did have a lot of connections after all and the possibilities of where he could hide were endless, where Mycroft and Sherlock were hiding however could be narrowed down because if they were working together they'd have to tolerate each other enough to be hiding together, which limited their agreeable places however this may also have caused quite a bit of tension between John and Irene.
"The box was in her will and was supposed to be given to either Katherine or Sherlock when Katherine turned sixteen, only then was the box allowed to be opened."
"What's going on?" John asked though he was slightly afraid Sherlock pointed to a letter on the kitchen table as he continued to set up, the uncharacteristically cheery aura of the room honestly was scaring John just a little bit. John approached the table and picked up a letter, the envelope was addressed to Mrs. Hudson down stairs but obviously it was written for Sherlock.
"Lets go home Katherine, at least for a little while." Sherlock told her Katherine nodded burying her face in Sherlock's chest Sherlock held her tightly his best way of being able to comfort her, just letting her sit there and cry
"Katherine?" John asked the other side of the line went quiet John worried something had happened to her but she replied much more fear in her voice this time "H-how do you know me?" John could tell she had been crying a great deal the way her voice broke
"Did you actually just refer to my daughter as a ray of sunshine in between dark cases?" John jumped a mile and a half as he whipped around not realizing that Sherlock had been reading over his shoulder this entire time he had typed their adventures from the last couple of weeks. Sherlock shook his head and reached for the Keyboard that John had to wrestle away from him
"Daddy I want to come home! Will I get to see you when this is over?" katherine asked him the desperation in her voice even broke his heart after all it was his child.
While this did add to John's further knowledge it however did not tell him why she was coming to visit, had she run into another problem? had her husband escaped from jail? and why was it so important that the letter not be spoken of aloud?
When a car pulled up and the back window rolled down Rosie smiled and slid from the bench going to the window and smiling happily at the occupant
“I knew you looked familiar,” Sherlock said it was very rare for him to forget a face after all and frankly he knew he knew hers even if it was a brief view through some files during Irene’s case.
John looked up at him and was surprised to see how worried Sherlock actually was about him he gave a small smile
"Katherine where are you? how did you get out of there?" Sherlock asked her Katherine paused for a minute Sherlock assumed she was taking in her surroundings in an attempt to figure something out, he waited impatiently for her to reply to him
"Yes, can you tell him please? I need to talk to him as soon as possible." John was just leaving the bathroom and Sharon knew she had to wrap this up
"Where's the fun in the game if you know where the prize is?" Moriarty asked him he checked his watch which told John he was on a schedule this meant there was trouble brewing for him "Hmm by now Mycroft should have shown his superiors the file on Serina March which means that he should have Sherlock out of jail with in the hour." Moriarty stood then and looked at John snapping the book closed and leaving it on the couch
Sherlock smiled, clever girl. Sherlock took the phone and put it in his pocket to return to Anderson later
"Keep your voice down sherlock, the baby is sleeping." Moriarty told him pointing to Katherine "and who is going to stop me if I decide to use her?" Moriarty asked him Sherlock glared at him
"If I tell you they'll find me, I'm waiting for you to find me, please you have to find me before the scary man does." She said Sherlock could hear the quiver in her voice indicating she was going to cry
"JOHN!!" Sherlock hadn't even bothered to keep his voice level and calm as he usually did he hurried up the stairs and found the door locked "JOHN!" Sherlock went through his pockets, fumbling with the lock pick he had borrowed from an evidence bag he had followed on the way out, there were plenty of other things that could have convicted that criminal any way, He got the door open and wasted no time getting inside.
"How are you feeling?" John looked down at her for a moment not understanding until he realized she was referring to the last time they had met, he offered her a small smile
"No," Katherine told her simply "My mother died when I was a baby and Uncle Mycroft sent me to live in the States last year." Katherine informed her Molly was at a loss for words looking between the little girl and John silently asking for his help John simply chuckled
"You're in the butchers shop approximately six blocks from here where the Serina and I had our first case together, the butcher was killing people in the basement and selling their organs on the black market" Sherlock told him Lestrade hurried out of the room to start heading over there Moriarty laughed a bit
"That's alright John, I'll take her home it's about time I got home myself." Molly insisted John thanked her and paid her for babysitting Molly took Sharon home and John couldn't help but hear through the window how Sharon asked how molly's brother was doing and shook his head, John went back to Rosie and brushed her hair out of her face kissing her forehead the two sat on the couch for the rest of the night until Rosie fell into a deep sleep. John couldn't believe how her temperature had spiked it wasn't normal to him and he sensed something was wrong right way. John stood up to go get ready for bed tucking Rosie in further when he dropped his phone, When john reached under the couch for it he was curious to find a damp face cloth down there and a bottle of powder John was more than a little confused with the discovery but he brushed it off until he went to the bathroom only to spy his face was lined with white powder and it suddenly clicked.
“I didn’t lose her she has to be here somewhere.” Lestrade tried to justify quickly as John groaned why him? Why did these things always happen to him? He knew why, and the reason was standing next to him and constantly was filling his daughter’s head full of ideas.
"Kill you? no no no don't you know how the story ends? they die to be together i'm not going to let it be that easy on you." Moriarty said to him Sherlock was going over the characters in his head as well as the places that were important to him and Serina, Mycroft must have had the same idea because he pulled over a map spreading it out on Lestrade's desk as well as some thumb tacks Sherlock took some red ones pinning them in the places that he could see that were important to him and Serina, their first date, the hospital Katherine was born in, where they had been married, their first combined case......
"I'll take Katherine home to gather some of her things, I'll allow her to spend her school Holiday with you until I can make arrangements for school. when we return there will be no body parts, drugs, or illegal chemicals anywhere that this child could find them agreed?" Mycroft asked looking directly at Sherlock who nodded agreeing Katherine stood up quickly and pulled her father tightly into a hug and Sherlock smiled at her holding her tightly
“Hello darling, your babysitter is going to be upset that we are together let alone that you ran away.” Irene told her Rosie sighed and nodded already knowing as Irene opened the door and slid over to let Rosie inside, Rosie got in the car and shut the door
“In summary? Irene just stole our dates who were lovers who enjoy playing the jealousy card involving strong men, hence how they would know Lestrade and why they would be interested in us. A common lovers game to spice things up in the bedroom really.” Sherlock said shaking his head a little bit John was baffled and looked at Rosie who just smiled at him innocently
"Of course not! I've been with John rereading Romeo and Juliet for the millionth time trying to figure out your sad little game!" Sherlock said it dawned on him then Katherine was gone. She was somewhere in London by herself having just outwitted a serial killer.
the drawing was a crude childs drawing of what appeared to be him, her Mrs. Hudson and John all at 221B she had even drawn Sherlock's skull in his hands he put it down
there's two of them!" Anderson shrieked as he left Katherine looked up and watched him go a smile on her face as she looked at Molly
"Try not to talk you're just going to waste your energy." Sherlock said he could faintly hear the sirens and cursed Lestrade for his slow procedure how did he ever get anything done it's no wonder that he could only ever find the dead bodies
"Katherine I need you to calm down alright?" John asked her trying to keep his voice level "Do you know where you are?" he asked there was a pause John assumed she was observing her surroundings and after a moment she replied
Sherlock's next words were something very important and he made sure it was crucial that no matter what happened his daughter knew this above all else.
"I looked every where for her at the airport I swear the when i asked the flight attendants they said that she had already gotten off the plane with someone and left." Mrs. Hudson said worriedly
"Of course dear we'll behave." Sherlock said pulling away from the keyboard and hurrying for the kitchen instead
"It's them." he said Sherlock ignored him and continued with his daughter speaking a bit quicker now
John struggles with how he views Sherlock, Mycroft busts Sherlock out, and the hunt for Moriarty is on
Lestrade sat in his office building a house of cards with Rosie, a case had come up and Sherlock had dropped her on him unannounced at work on his way to pick up John but there was no way that she wouldn’t be safe, after all she was in the middle of a police station.
Twenty minutes later there was a mad dash at all the parks that Irene and John had mapped out John went to the one that he thought was most likely still attempting to find the phone Irene had hung up the phone so that people could try calling the number back and track it by ring.
John had been out with Sharon for just over an hour and everything seemed to be going so well, she seemed like a very pleasant person she told him about her first marriage and how crazy her ex was with a twisted gambling problem, John had just excused himself to the rest room when Sharon heard his phone ringing. At first she let it go but after the fourth time it began to bother her so she answered instead
"Yes you will I promise Mycroft and I will come to get you and then you can come home and rest." Mycroft looked like he was about to protest but sherlock threw the pillow at him
“Yes Greg mentioned you were a father,” Tiffany said with a sweet smile though he could still sense how annoyed she was no woman ever liked it when you got their name wrong and John couldn’t blame them, it was quite the pet peeve of his as well and he did hate himself just a little for doing so
For once Irene agreed with him also looking over the board, they were trying to find where they could be hiding with in a two block radius of the apartment building that Sherlock had almost destroyed earlier, it was now eleven pm and they still didn't have any definite leads to follow up on where to find them, or even any on where to find Katherine.
John sat down at the table across from Sherlock, for someone who had just been arrested he looked extremely calm. But John knew better than that, the look in Sherlock's eyes was the same look he had, had at the pool when he saw the bombs strapped to John's chest, the same look John had never wanted to see in Sherlock's eyes ever again.
"Who did the box belong to?" John asked him curiously thinking that might be a good place to start Lestrade sighed
"That's all?" she asked him John swallowed the lump in her throat and Rosie could see something was different this time, it wasn't all he had to say and that made her nervous
"Yes actually I do think we're done here." John told her "I'll call you a cab and you can return home" John told her Sharon gaped at him
when Sherlock opened it he noticed that ever time the words "Star crossed lovers" appeared it was high lighted in different colored highlighters. Sherlock snapped the book closed, he didn't need to be a genius to know who had left the book or who had taken John.
"Fair enough" Moriarty said all of the hurtful tone in his voice completely gone there was another pause and sherlock could hear him speaking to who he only assumed was katherine hearing him say "go ahead sweetheart, it's your daddy." the way he spoke to her made Sherlock furious he didn't know why but the false gentleness in his voice deceiving a child,
John gets a call from Lestrade where he begins to unravel more and more of the mystery that is Sherlock Holmes.
Molly took a moment to let that sink in, completely in shock and John could already assume she was misunderstanding the situation completely
Katherine didn't seem to thrilled about it, when they arrived and John sat on a bench she simply joined him sitting beside him. Both were quiet for a long time not saying a word to each other
"Rosie...." he said sternly the little one gave a frustrated huff and handed him his car keys that she had stolen from his jacket pocket. John thanked her and kissed her head
"no! not unless you're my dad or John!" she told him bolting the door shut and stepping back away from the man what should she do? should she call her dad again? her mind was racing but she couldn't do the things her father did under this sort of pressure she felt her eyes well up with tears and she shut her eyes tightly until she heard the knocking on the door again
"We'll have it framed when we get back to the flat, she must like you if she added you into the picture" he said slightly amused John laughed
"I need to leave, Mrs. Hudson will explain it to you, Mycroft you need to come with me." Sherlock said this finally seemed to baffle everyone else in the room except for Sherlock as he headed for the door but Mycroft wasted no time in following him. when the door shut John turned to Mrs. Hudson
"Um I-I don't know it's really dark and and scary" John could never imagine that the daughter of Sherlock Holmes was afraid of the dark but he did suppose she was still a little girl and every child at one point or another was afraid of the dark, however now John was having a hard time figuring out how to get her back on track
"Lestrade has Aspirin in his office," Molly called without looking up from where she was helping Katherine
“I memorized Sherlock’s contact numbers in case I ever had an emergency,” Rosie explained Irene couldn’t decide whether to laugh because of the ironic use of the word ‘emergency’ in which it was to thwart her father and sherlock’s date or to compliment her on how clever she was for being able to memorize the contents of Sherlock’s phone. Thankfully it didn’t take them long to get to the restaurant and as they climbed out, they could see John and Sherlock talking with two women and Irene felt she understood more, when Rosie had said that John and Sherlock were on a double date she had assumed with each other and another couple but this made things far more clear and then…
Nope. Rosie wasn't letting this happen, if her father was going to try dating again then she was going to make sure that she protected him from Mrs. Manipulative and would put him right in the arms of Mr. Right in this case Mr. Right just happend to be Right in front of them. Rosie had made her mind up this time and she was just clever enough that she might be able to pull this off.
"Sorry, I just need to get ahold of him. Rosie's sick." Molly explained to her Sharon rolled her eyes a bit in disbelief, of course the brat would fake being sick when the date was going so well, she practically had John wrapped around her finger and the brat was going to ruin everything.
"Why do I have the feeling that you knew all along that Serina was Margret?" John asked him looking at him Moriarty grinned at him which immediately told John that he was right Moriarty was like a tiger with it's pray, he played with it until it no longer amused him and then went in for the kill. In this case his prey had moved on from Serina to Sherlock, this wasn't just his usual game this was a family affair.
"Well...." Molly said frowning a little bit she wasn't proud of the idea she came up with but Rosie seemed to be intrigued "I have an idea on how we can save him." Molly admitted and Rosie smiled glad to have someone who would help her save her dad.
"I don't know, that's why I started to ask you where she was and you just appeared" Sherlock said to him just as frustrated as Mycroft was.
“Tiffany,” She corrected him it only took a moment for John to remember that Tabitha was the evil witch in the chapter book he had been reading to Rosie and he cursed himself for getting their names together but to be honest between the purple pendant around her neck, the multiple rings she wore on her fingers and the startling length of her (probably fake) nails she did look a little….well wicked.
“I’m sorry daddy I had to save you, I knew they were bad ladies the minute I figured it out and Greg wouldn’t let me.” Rosie said to him John looked at her for a long moment before shaking his head and sighing
Irene fumed at the thought swiping the tack back out of his hands and jabbing it into the board they had set up in front of them with a map of London and the surrounding area back into the motel she thought they could be hiding at
John and Rosie had a long talk about lying that night and Rosie promised she would never pretend to be sick again but some how John figured that this wouldn't be the last time that Rosie interfered with something like this.
John waited for Molly to finish up with Rosie, helping out where he could making tea and snacks even and when Molly finally left John made Rosie a special dinner for just the two of them her favorite Tacos and then dessert also her favorite cookies and he even brought out the cutters she liked that Sherlock had gotten her for her birthday the year before that made the cookies look like crime scene things (A cookie cutter that looked like a dead body, a gun, a line of caution tape and a police car. only Sherlock would buy that for a child!) because of the...peculiar cutters he would only let her use them on rare occasions not wanting anyone to think he was insane and question his parenting more so than they already did. When Rosie saw the cutters right away she knew something was up because her father was trying to butter her up. Rosie waited for him to bring it up first though, cutting out her cookie shapes and adding frosting, using her dad's phone to send pictures to Sherlock. When she finished cutting out the dough John put them on a tray and sat them in the oven before he sat down at the table with her and took a deep breath.
Sherlock nodded not denying that it was possible at this point in time which caused John to scoot over a little bit away from Sherlock just to be safe.
"No of course not! I just didn't picture you as a father to such a sweet and adorable child." Sharon said leaning down so she was level with Rosie, Rosie sensed that he woman was going to try to hug her and took one giant step back away from her Sharon frowned and stood back up forcing a smile on her face Rosie didn't like her, her lips were faker than the dolls that sat in Rosie's room, her face covered in so much make up it put mime's to shame and the perfume she seemed to have bathed in was a disgusting odor but John didn't seem to notice as much as Molly and Rosie did.
"What kind of kidnapper Loses their kidnap victim?!" Sherlock shouted into the phone causing John and Mrs. Hudson to jump a bit "How do you lose a little girl?!"
“Sherlock too, she wouldn’t go unless there was a date for her friend and I had already agreed to watch you.” Lestrade admitted he knew better than to lie to her by now Rosie was sharp as a tack from spending so much time with Sherlock (perhaps a little too much time?) and judging by the look on Rosie’s face there was no way she was happy. Rosie hopped down from her chair at his desk and started digging through her bag Lestrade stood and walked over to see what she was doing until she pulled out a little flip phone and Lestrade knew what she was doing quickly snatching the phone from her hand
John started pulling out one of the thumb tacks they had been using to mark a possible hiding place "What on this or any other bloody planet could possibly be making you think that they could be hiding in some place as obvious as a dingy dark motel, do you just get these things from watching those old time mob movies and just use what you can in real life?"
"Do you know what was inside of it?" Irene rolled her eyes a bit at his stupid question and John sighed "Right stupid question how could you possibly know you're just the female equivalent to Sherlock Holmes that's all" he muttered under his breath in slight annoyance, actually not even slight just plain full out annoyance this however brought up an answer to an earlier question John hadn't asked her, it told him why she was here. Irene must have been just as curious as he was to figure out what was in that box
"Quiet i'm talking" he scolded Mycroft "Katherine I don't suspect that we have much time left before the Police find me and your uncle so you have to listen to me very closely alright?"
"Yes, my teacher reads our blog to me a lot she leaves out the especially scary stuff." Katherine told him so she wasn't a complete Sherlock Mini-me, that was good at least for now.
"Katherine is really sweet." John told him Sherlock looked down at him again John smiled John reached into his coat and pulled out a small drawing though it had a bit of blood on it "She told me she made this for you, she-she was going to give it to you when she got off the plane." John said smiling a bit Sherlock took it and unfolded it he couldn't stop the small smile that graced his features, it wasn't his usual false ones but he was actually smiling it was something that John rarely ever saw but was glad he did.
"I don't have much time left." she told him and a moment later it was cut off Sherlock hung up his phone and began to think as they got into a cab
"Well yes."  He said to her Irene took to observing something on her hand but John knew she was just stalling trying to make him at least a little frustrated, what was more annoying was that it worked.
"Sharon," Molly said forcing a smile as the other woman hugged her and let herself in Molly shut the door behind her and the other woman, Sharon stopped in her tracks at the sight of Rosie and frowned
Serina and Katherine are owned by me everyone else is owned by BBC or Sir Arthur Conan Goyle. have a nice day hope you enjoyed
Mrs. Hudson had just come up with some tea when Sherlock's phone rang, the three looked at each other knowing exactly who it was. Sherlock answered quickly
"Katherine please you have to do this, the sooner i can come and get you the sooner that you can see your dad alright? and get away from the people who took you." John said Katherine took a deep breath
insult my intelligence this way! you know that I am the only one who can help you right now so why do you insist on insulting me."
"Katherine was at the wrong side of the park to be able to be heading to Bakers street like she always has done when she's run away, that means that she either was a lot more lost than she thought she was or that once I told her that Sherlock wasn't at Bakers street she headed in another direction knowing exactly where he could be!"
"Looks like we've got a bit of a walk home." he said John nodded Sherlock moved to take Katherine back but John smiled
"You can't he's going to find me first and and" she let out a small sob which was a bit heart breaking "I want my dad" she cried John looked up and Irene had the laptop John stood up and looked over her shoulder, she was trying to trace the signal of the call assuming that Katherine was using a cell phone John walked over to the board then
What was going on? who were they talking about if not Carol? who had Mrs. Hudson gone to meet at the airport? why was no one telling him anything?
For the first time in a while Sherlock was baffled by the statement, did she know? She had to of. Sherlock at last let another small smile grace his features as he shook his head
John sighed and looked over at Katherine and Molly both looked so happy for each other's company, he almost didn't want to take that away from them as he sent a reply back to Sherlock
John wasn't sure if he was more upset that Sherlock hadn't told him sooner or that he had been so stupid as to stay and lose everything!
Sherlock heard the soft groan and hurried. John laid on the floor his hand still cuffed to that stupid rack that was in the corner. Sherlock hurried to him taking only a quick notice of what was written in John's blood on the floor next to him
Mycroft and Sherlock are back to their normal selves, John is left to care for Katherine while they're at it.
"Well for one thing she was married at the same time, for another she had a bit of a gambling problem. bled my brother dry of funds and then she dumped him." Molly told her Rosie knew it! she knew she didn't like this woman from the moment she saw her!
But now as he had been picking up some supplies for Rosie's school project for health class (Molly had agreed to help her on reconstructing a human brain using vegetables) the woman that had been behind him in line had started flirting with him and even asked him out for Saturday night! He had a date with a beautiful brunette with the most dazzling eyes and what he could tell was a lovely person and he couldn't think of much else for the moment! Well one thing he wasn't going to do was tell Sherlock that was for sure but at the same time he felt like he was forgetting something. What could he be forgetting?
There was a long pause between the two of them as John waited for Sherlock to answer, even with the question he seemed afraid this also worried John he wasn't sure what he was going to get himself into or what he was possibly going to learn about his friend.
“This does raise one question though,” Irene said glancing at Rosie as she sat up again as the car began to move Irene already knew where they were going “How did you get my mobile number?”
"Miss Harris was a lovely person actually just wish I didn't have to find out when her Fiance caught us out to dinner and called her Martin." John said with a sigh as if that made a proper defense, Rosie just frowned at him and John focused back on the situation at hand
Rosie was six years old, and as Sherlock and John sat in the front row of her school recital John couldn't have been prouder of his little girl as she sat up on stage as the wonderful little Alice in her schools rendition of
"We've decided that if you would like you can start going to school in London and start some small visits on a trial basis." Mycroft told her the light that shown in the young girls eyes was unbelievable  as she smiled excitedly but Sherlock was next to cut her off
"This is how serial killers are made," Anderson argued still pushing until Katherine sighed and looked up with a frown
"Well then this is no place for the daughter of Sherlock Holmes to be wasting the day at, poor thing must be bored." Molly said John tried to offended by the insult but to be honest he was just as bored as she was, Molly offered her hand out to Katherine and Katherine took it hopping off the bench trusting Molly's kind smile
"I'm sure that lady Donovan will be able to help him much more than any Aspirin would." Katherine said which shocked John that she probably knew what she was talking about only to hear Anderson turn around and gawk once again at the child
“yes thank god.” Sherlock said to her Irene smiled and turned to the two women “Shall I bring you home then?” Irene asked and the two women followed her getting into the car and driving off leaving John in a peculiar moment to process everything that had just happened he turned to Sherlock wanting to ask why but also unsure he wanted to know the answer
not beta'd, don't own sherlock or anything else I even stole Rosie's science project from Full House. Hope you enjoy!
"Sherlock, I need to ask you something important and I swear I will not tell anyone so long as you're honest with me." John said to Sherlock
“I wasn’t calling him.” Rosie countered reaching for the phone and prompting Lestrade to hold it up over his head Rosie attempted to jump for it but alas she was still too short for him, she determined some day this wouldn’t be a problem however as of right now it was
No this was not going to happen and Rosie was going to be sure of it. Rosie hurried over with a fake smile on her face and she jumped into her father's arms and hugged him tightly, Sherlock finally made his way over and the woman saw the happy family like scene and excused herself going away Rosie smiled a bit to herself watching her leave
"On the contrary." Sherlock said to him "this entire thing has been a game revolving around Serina's murder the park that he had our motel room over looking was where I first spoke with her after the case, the apartment building was once a theatre where we had our first date, and now he is referring to us as star crossed lovers" Sherlock said to holding up the book again and putting it down "which he left in our first home 221B Bakers street so now the question is where he could have gone next and where he could have taken John, John's done his part in the game there for he must be playing a new role." Sherlock said thoughtfully trying to think of where Moriarty could have gone he was using places that had done a lot in Sherlock and Serina's love life so that meant that Moriarty would take a place of the most importance to hide John and Katherine but where....
"John We both know that you'll post it to your blog eventually, when you do I want you to also write why and be sure to write the entire story not just what you think you know and if I do tell you....I hope you don't think any less of me now."
also! despite the ending this is not the end of the story!! for those of you who haven't noticed that while John and Sherlock have shared their moments I HAVEN'T GOTTEN TO THE SHIPPY STUFF YET!!! so please stay tuned for the fluffy cuteness that is two men and a child!
"That was your dad Katherine, he says it's time to return to the flat your father and Uncle Mycroft have made arrangements." John told her Katherine gave a disappointed groan and both females pouted a little bit at the thought that their day of fun was being cut short.
"D-don't cry i'm your father's flatmate John Watson, Katherine where are you?" John asked her "It's very important that we come get you right now."
"Hello" Moriarty's voice rang through the phone Sherlock could practically hear the arrogant, insane smirk in his voice
"It's lovely to meet you Rosie." Sharon told her she looked over at John with a smile "you never told me you had a child." John seemed surprised
"Like what?" Rosie asked her Molly hesitated but again gave in, Rosie was a clever girl and Molly was sure if she didn't tell her Rosie would either figure it out or Sherlock would deduce it and tell her
"I know it's hard but I need you to be brave." there was the sound of a car door being slammed shut outside Mycroft moved to the window
"Go away!" she shouted sitting on the floor with her hands over her ears there was a brief pause before she heard it again
"If you're up to it, it sounds like fun." Katherine told him John nodded a bit unsure really Katherine took the cup of tea off the tray that was in the smaller cup that she assumed was for her, John lead Mrs. Hudson out for a minute
"So you're the famous Katherine i've been hearing so much about" she looked a bit alarmed but he just smiled "I'm John Watson, you called the flat the other day." Katherine relaxed a bit and nodded
“I’m not sure, if you’re bored Sherlock said your dad had packed a few games we could play?” Lestrade offered her Rosie seemed to think for a moment on one hand that sounded tempting but on the other this didn’t sit right with her, sherlock had said that the case hadn’t been dangerous but still dropped her off, Usually when it wasn’t dangerous he brought her along and if it was the kind of safe that proved to be graphic Lestrade usually was there but yet he was there babysitting….so where were her dad and Sherlock?
Her father stood by the refreshments table, chatting away happily with a perky blonde woman she knew to be the mother of a boy in her class that Rosie didn't particularly care for but Rosie was focused more on father. The smile he gave her, the way he laughed when she told a joke (or what Rosie assumed was a joke she couldn't hear from where she was) and the paper that now sat in his hand that she knew was a phone number and that she knew wasn't for her and the woman's son to play.
"How did you do it?" Moriarty's angry voice came from over the line, Sherlock was more than a little confused which stunned him he always understood.
"Just try to make sure that the two of them upstairs don't kill each other alright?" John asked her Mrs. Hudson nodded then helpfully gave him a few places that were child appropriate John wasn't sure if it would interest Katherine but he'd give them a shot. when Breakfast was over John took Katherine out, first stop was the playground.
"Daddy?" Sherlock's thoughts of anger and fury were diminished like water being thrown on a flame when he heard her small voice calling him and he was just relieved to know she was alive at least.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to kill you now, i'm going to make sure your little baby gets to watch you burn first and when it's all said and done she'll burn with you." Moriarty said he walked over to a car near by and got in, he was driven away and when the car was out of sight the red dots disappeared.
"How could you possibly-" Lestrade began but John cut him off wanting to hurry and get them out looking for him.
"or" john interjected "he has eyes watching them in which case he would also probably have people watching us and that means that-" John was suddenly cut off by the ringing of the house phone John paused for a moment "and apparently that's all the time we have." he said sarcastically before he walked over to the phone Irene picked up the tack
“Yes Mariah is a client of mine and Tiffany is a dear friend that I passed her off to when I realized that I didn’t fit her particular tastes.” Irene said this now drew John’s attention as both women went a bright shade of scarlet and glanced at each other Rosie attempted not to giggle and look as dumbstruck as John looked
"Could it wait until after dinner Molly? we're going to miss out reservation if we don't leave now." John told her Molly bit her lip nervously Rosie could tell it was something important but Molly just nodded agreeing to wait John and Sharon headed out the door but John stopped and sighed realizing something important and turned to Rosie
"I'm surprised at how sweet she is, you'll also be proud to know that she broke out of six pairs of handcuffs Moriarty put her in." he added to him Sherlock laughed a bit just as the paramedics came in once they took over caring for John, Sherlock began to scold them for taking so long and for doing things wrong ("I may as well be doing it myself!! just give me the materials and go sit in the bloody corner!!!!")
Upon arrival everything was much to quiet for Katherine's liking, John could tell by the frown on her face as she walked up the stairs as if she was going to face her impending doom which as far as John knew she was. when they arrived upstairs Mycroft and Sherlock both sat calmly with Mrs. Hudson between them and a set of tea and snacks laid out before them. Katherine stood rather than took a seat and John took his usual chair Mycroft sighed
Sherlock was handed his things at the station and was told to leave however he just went straight to Lestrade's office where Mycroft and Lestrade were waiting for him, Sherlock retied his scarf around his neck and took a seat
They searched the whole area but no sign of Moriarty could be found, however someone did find a small black shoe which appeared to be a childs. this caused the means of everyone to look. LEstrade was the one who found the phone hidden under a park bench, but what fascinated john was the message that had been scratched into the wood
“Rosie! Thank god, you know better than this!” John scolded her as he was relieved he was also upset that she had run away Sherlock was much more focused on Irene
"Alright that's it, I got the letter that she escaped where is she?" Mycroft asked obviously angry Sherlock rolled his eyes at him
"Who is this Carol Nicholas?" he asked curiously as he took a cup for himself and Handed Mrs. Hudson her own.
“Oh no you don’t, you’re not calling your father.” Lestrade told her as he examined the cell phone where had she gotten this thing anyway?
Irene chuckled on the other end of the line and he could practically hear the smirk in her voice and feel the glare that John was giving Irene.
"You are Tybalt, you were Serina's brother in her cover which technically made you related, Tybalt was Juliet's cousin."
after the fifth boarding school kicked her out Mycroft sent her to a school in America, where one of the teachers, Miss Carol E. Nicholas owed Sherlock a favor. She took on writing the letters for Katherine and helping the young girl, sending Sherlock pictures and notes that I found out Sherlock hid in a secret compartment in the back of his closet.
If Katherine had been running away she would have been trying to run to 221B because that was what she considered "home" she always had, so why had she come this way? either she had gotten side tracked along the way or.....
"Will you stop that infernal racket?" Sherlock asked annoyed "between you and those squad cars i'm going mad!" Sherlock said Mycroft stopped tapping the pen but Sherlock caught the quick mumble of
"A lot of things but I assume you're referring to the knowledge I know that relates to this." Irene said to him placing her cup down on the table John sighed and nodded
"I'm fine. Doctors say I should take it easy, How are you holding up?" John asked her he knew this had to have been an eventful couple of weeks for the poor child and it was just going to continue one way or another.
For those of you who are also curious about MS week you basically wear orange to support those with MS I'm currently trying to find a cool orange icon too so if any suggestions i'd appreciate it.
Mrs. Hudson had to think for a minute trying to recall, John waited patiently for her thinking that perhaps she actually may not have known
"People are arrested for this sort of thing Molly!!" Anderson argued unfortunately he had been the only one available and was there for their "escort" for the morning and for the life of him just could not shut up.
Moriarty used the handcuffs to chain John to a freezer rack and then sat Katherine next to him handcuffing her to him with a different set that John noticed were much stronger he wasn't sure whether to laugh or be insulted. Moriarty went downstairs again slamming and locking the door behind him. John looked down at the child next to him
"that's not a problem is it?" John asked her and Rosie thought for one quick moment that this terrible nightmare might just be over in her favor but Sharon shook her head quickly
"Can you take us to clock tower?" John asked the cab driver at last it clicked and Sherlock looked at John
John read the letter over not understanding in the slightest and decided to look at the envelope for further clues but instead it only lead to even more confusion as it was from a school in Saratoga, California USA. John looked up at Sherlock for clarification,
years since Mary had died and left him alone with their little girl. John and Sherlock were on Better terms now, the situation having been explained and everything back to the way it always was not to terribly long after Mary had been gone (It took John a year to be able to sit in the same room with Sherlock long enough to hear what had happened)
“You knew I did,” Rosie told him she went into her pocket and pulled out Anderson’s phone “You also knew that they were friends of Irene you used our code to tell Anderson and gave him the case file to bring to Lestrade so I could escape.”
"i'll be back in time to tuck you in Rosie, I promise." John told her before he left. with that Molly and Rosie headed back to the kitchen and returned to the project
"I believe Sherlock solved the case of her missing Aunt, her husband had murdered her for the money I'm afraid so she owed Sherlock a favor." Mrs. Hudson said to him
"Why didn't you say something?!" Rosie cried so suddenly that Molly nearly dropped the chunk of Cauliflower she was currently using for the other half of Rosie's brain though several other vegetables scattered everywhere.
"Hello, i-is Sherlock Holmes there?" if there was ever a voice that made a person sound small this child's voice was it. The fear in her voice had John at high alert which also had Irene staring
"I forgot you missed all the excitement over your Holiday. Katherine got very well acquainted with your ex, I was shot, Sherlock got arrested for attempted arsen and now he and Mycroft are taking up the entire flat to argue about Katherine returning home or not." John informed her Molly took a moment to register all this information seeming a lot more surprised about some things rather than others when it seemed that her brain caught up with the situation she looked back at the little one with a smile
"Whether she is faking or not, I need to be sure she's alright. Molly wouldn't call if it wasn't important." John told her Sharon gave an irritated sigh but she went along with it once John saw that the little brat was ok they could go back to their date right? Sharon grabbed her coat and John paid the bill a bit irritated himself with his date being so insensitive as he got back in the car and drove back to the house when they arrived Rosie laid on the couch, Molly sitting by her side as the two of them watched a movie. Rosie looked awful her skin was a bit paler the thermometer sticking out of her mouth. John hurried over to the little one kneeling down beside her
"Daddy he hit me!" there was that anger again. Blood pumping furiously but Sherlock took a deep breath attempting to hold it off. Moriarty would get what was coming to him. Sherlock would see through to it.
"Fine." John said getting up and grabbing his jacket he pulled it on and followed Moriarty to a car that was waiting out front, once they were inside he was blind folded.
"I did what you want now let me speak to her." Sherlock demanded into the phone his tone firm but not yet angry,
John stopped for a minute things were starting to make a little more sense now or at least the situation itself, what Moriarty was doing though he didn't even want to question how Irene knew who the box belonged too
"It's a pleasure to meet you Katherine," Molly said to her happily Katherine smiled and nodded agreeing
Rosie sat outside the police station, Anderson’s phone in her hand as she waited patiently for her ride to arrive knowing all to well where her father would go, he had a favorite Italian restaurant a few neighborhoods over that she knew was one of few places that he could get Sherlock to actually eat at and didn’t mind when the detective came in out of dress code.
When the play was over Rosie quickly got out of her costume and ran out into the lobby to meet up with her father, she first spied Molly and Mrs. Hudson both of which hugged her tightly and congratulated her on a job well done, Lestrade had even gone as far as to bring her flowers some pretty white lillies that she had always loved and she thanked him for them. Rosie spied Sherlock on one end of the room but her father wasn't with him, which was puzzling and she did notice how his eyes didn't move on whatever they were focused on. Normally the detective would be observing and watching everyone and everything so it was unusual to see him so focused, Rosie followed his gaze and spotted the problem immediately as a frown made it's way to her face.
"Molly's agreed to watch my daughter Rosie while you and I go out." John said introducing Rosie and Sharon,
"Earlier you were looking at the handcuffs and wondering how many pairs i had managed to get out of that would upset Mr. Moriarty so much." Katherine said to him simply as she looked up at him "I said six."
"Ben...ben...she doesn't have any friends named ben! she has three Ben's in her class at her school and she hates all of them because they're boring and obnoxious so how on earth is she with one of them at a pay phone now?" Sherlock asked frustrated John predicted that perhaps the events and lack of sleep were clouding his friends better judgement because even he had figured it out rather quickly
"No um....I met this lovely woman over at the Grocery store earlier and she asked me out on a date for Saturday." John told her Rosie didn't like this at all, John could tell by the look on her face and he offered her a small smile she was still doing better than he thought she would be.
"Katherine, this is Molly. Molly this is Katherine March." John introduced them Molly reached out a hand and shook Katherine's hand politely
"I-I'm in a park," John put up several small tacks in the parks that he found in the London area on a seperate map they had "a very large park" he took five out which left him with nine parks John waited for her to go more into detail about the park
"How about after breakfast you and John go out for the morning to get away from all of this?" Mrs. Hudson suggested John wasn't sure that was a good idea, the longest time that he had spent with the child was the two of them kidnapped by Moriarty and well he didn't know how to take care of a little girl, let alone the little girl that had the same DNA as Sherlock Holmes.
hey you guys! i might not be able to update much this week because It's MS week (my mother has Multiple Sclerosis) and i'm doing a lot of volenteer work, plus i'm starting a new job and seeing a concert so i'm gonna try and update as much as I can however no promises sorry.
"You're not serious are you?" Sharon asked him incredulously "You're not actually buying this? John the girl doesn't like me she's obviously faking it so you'll want to leave." John was already getting the bill from the waiter though not really listening to what this woman had to say
Serina and Katherine both belong to me everyone else belongs to BBC, references to Romeo and Juliet belong to Shakespeare  and just so you know the chapter summary will make sense when you read the chapter
"she owes me a favor" was his only reply at first John still as baffled as he was decided that he wasn't going to learn anything until this stranger showed up on their doorstep.
Sherlock hadn't even tried to wait for a car he had just run the entire way finding the quickest way by mapping out a route in his head that allowed him to arrive just before the police. Sherlock broke in the door a quick scan of the room told him that no one was there.
“You set my dad up?” Rosie finally concluded stacking another card the sudden statement startled the detective though he tried not to show it, Rosie knew the telltale signs that Lestrade was nervous though Sherlock had perhaps taught her to well to identify such things
there was the sound of the two men shouting and something hitting the floor above their heads, John sighed and ran his hand through his hair Mrs. hudson smiled
Saturday came up much to fast and John found that night he was panicking as he hurried around the house trying to find his clothes (Rosie who was still upset about him going on the date had hidden everything from him! his belt he found in the cookie jar, he found one of his shoes in the oven and still couldn't find the other one)
Sherlock could hear Lestrade's footsteps outside the door and heard him pounding madly at the door as Mycroft opened the window and climbed out the fire escape
Everytime the little girl glanced into the audience to make sure her father was watching she saw the detective's eyes flicker over to John's smiling face and then back to the stage where she was. Rosie had always noticed the way that Sherlock had looked at her father and how he had always helped in any way he could to take care of her (even if it wasn't always seen as the right way by other perspectives) she'd heard Molly wish that they'd get together already and Lestrade mention that he just wanted them to sleep together already even Mrs. Hudson's comments on how they were such a cute couple and Rosie agreed. She could never imagine her father with another woman whenever he had mentioned the idea that he might start dating again to her but she had always pictured one man who was always by her father's side and was always there right away whenever anything was wrong and only one man who Rosie really trusted with her father's fragile heart.
"Get you're coat we need to find Katherine before Moriarty and Mycroft do." Sherlock told him grabbing his coat and scarf quickly, John right at his heels hurrying out the door practically forgetting Mrs. Hudson
Rosie was a wonderful little actress and had been so excited that she got the lead she had made him promise to invite everyone! they all practically took up the entire front row. John, Sherlock, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and John's sister Harry. John couldn't take his eyes off of his little daughter as she stood up in front of everyone and was the perfect little Alice for her school play, failing to notice the other set of eyes that continued to glance at him from his left belonging to his long time friend and Flatmate Sherlock.
Sherlock's blood boiled just a bit, he called the number the text message came from trying to calm himself down and also trying to shut a protesting Mycroft up so that he could hear what was going on, on the line.
"It's a disposable mobile but it's bounced off two towers one of which is two blocks from the apartment building and three blocks from a park."
she wondered if he was alright, she should have used some of her time on the phone to ask her dad that. she heard the sound of someone knocking on the phone booth she could see a man on the outside in a suit with a briefcase, Katherine was about to open the door to let him use the phone when he spoke
"Behind your back?" Moriarty said John couldn't help the smirk that came across his lips at the annoyance in Moriarty's voice, he was being bested by a child and it was driving him nuts not that he needed a push to be there. Moriarty walked to where Katherine was and pulled her to her feet by the arms taking the handcuffs from her and pulling her with him back to where John was,
John passed out around the beginning but he woke up in the hospital, Sherlock sat surprisingly asleep in the chair beside him John couldn't help but smile a little bit at him he still had Katherine's drawing in his hand and what appeared to be a copy of Romeo and Juliet by Shakespeare clutched in the other.
"Your visits will be one weekend a month and after school on occasion when it's needed and must be supervised by either Mrs. Hudson, John, Lestrade or Miss Hooper. I'll be getting forms for each of you all to sign agreeing to the conditions given and that you will agree to be the supervisor for the visits and if you cannot will yourselves provide another suitable supervisor." Mycroft said his eyes mostly fell between John and Mrs. Hudson both nodded agreeing to the terms Mycroft stood up and sighed
Molly knew right away she had been drinking wine, she remembered one night when Sharon and her brother had been dating that after a couple of glasses of wine Sharon had been this rude bitch and her mother had slapped her after she insulted Molly to her face, this might work in their favor though.
Katherine woke up the next morning in 221B downstairs in Mrs. Hudson's apartment, she got up and wrapped the blanket around herself
"Poor thing just caught a bit of a bug, she'll be fine in the morning i'm sure." Molly insisted to him John gave a relieved sigh but was soon interrupted by the tapping of a heel behind him and he looked up to see Sharon impatiently waiting
"Yes that's right." he said the relief actually slipping into his voice as he stood and strode up the stairs "If you'd like you can send the police to the apartment building now they'll find the box down in the basement." Sherlock explained
John stared at her for a long time trying to figure it out for himself as to how she figured that out, had she also known about Katherine? John looked down at his cup for a little bit currently trying to figure that out he then looked up he looked at her
"Katherine I need you to be brave right now alright? no tears ok?" he asked her Katherine took a deep breath quivering a little bit "Now tell me more about your friend Ben?"
John knew this question was mainly just because he knew for a fact that if he said no there'd be an army of little red dots covering him proving that there were guns every where that or he was going to threaten Katherine.
"your wife's belongings." Sherlock was quite surprised to hear Irene's voice it wasn't the pleasant surprise he thought their next meeting would be
He divided the material into men and women. He had always assumed that Sherlock was as gay as he was, but when he examined that assumption he realized that it was just that. Perhaps he was asexual. They had never discussed it, and Mycroft wasn’t sure whether Sherlock’s lack of sexual history, or at least any history of which he was aware, indicated asexuality, lack of libido, or simply fear. He had certainly never expressed the slightest interest that Mycroft had been able to detect in any woman. Or man.
What would have been better would have been Sherlock not being shot. Not being in New York. Never, never having come to bloody New York. It would be better to be in Baker Street right now. Everyone would be gathered for the annual Baker Street Thanksgiving Feast. Mrs. Hudson would be fussing with the Brussel sprouts, and Molly would be taking out the turkey. He looked at his watch. Mycroft and Lestrade would be setting the table and drinking Mycroft’s always exquisite wine. He sighed. But he was here. With Sherlock. A Sherlock who was, thank God, alive. He reached over and put his hand on the pale, white hand resting on the bed.
“Damn you, Mycroft,” he muttered. “I thought you quit before I did. And I thought I’d die before you did. I always miss something, don’t I?” Mycroft was only seventy-four when the stroke took him. Clean, quick. Not such a bad way to go. Sherlock always imagined his own end as a bit more spectacular. Blown up by a criminal mastermind or, at least, dispatched in an imaginative way by a serial killer.
Suddenly, John thought, the conversation had gone off the rails. “You’re already paying my rent. I’m grateful, by the way, but I can’t continue to accept it. And I won’t spy on Sherlock for you. Why would you even ask me that?”
Sir Julian stood, turned to an elegant Georgian sideboard behind his desk, and poured whiskey into two heavy cut-crystal tumblers. He handed one across the desk to Mycroft, sat down, and took a sip.
His dealer was, indeed, still operating out of the Black Hand off the Marylebone Road. Heroin was more expensive than it had been the year before. As he made his purchase and went back onto the cold street, he tried to shop the shivering that had started in anticipation of the drug, the danger. The promises betrayed.
“Precisely. Since Mycroft chose the rehab facility, it was bound to be crammed with pretentious gits full of existential anxiety and expensive educations. My therapy group became obsessed with discussing their transformation into verminous creatures controlled by their addictions. Tedious. Putting it in Kafkaesque terms seemed to comfort them with their lack of responsibility.  I much preferred my last rehab center in the East End. A bit rough and ready, and a bit too much talk about Higher Powers, but there was a refreshing lack of pretense. I went back to that group, actually, this week. Asked them to take me back. They said yes.”
,” he hissed. He didn’t know who was more surprised at that statement, Hope or himself.  “Now I want the name of your sponsor.”
“Mycroft found me, saved me, blah, blah, blah. Sent me to rehab in Yorkshire, where they wouldn’t let us smoke. No drugs, no cigarettes. I gave up sex, too. Too many associations. It worked after a fashion. For a while. I went back to London, got a dreadful flat in Montague Street. I became interested in crime, found I had a talent for solving it. Met Lestrade. You know most of this already, John. Tedious. Got bored, got high again. Started smoking again. Didn’t take up sex again for quite a while. I thought if I could keep it to two out of three, I might not be driven to overdose. Got clean, got high. Got clean, got high. What? Yes, John, good imitation of my voice. Tedious.”
He stood up, put his hand on the gravestone again. “It made me realize that what I really wanted was you, John. That’s when I knew. And I thought I would never have you. Not in that way. There’s more to the story, but please remember that I never loved her. We were too much alike, Irene and I.” He stuck both hand into his coat pockets and looked at the grey sky.
He got zero expressions of sympathy from the man pacing around his hospital room. John smiled. “OK, what now?”
“I’m making tea. Stay if you like.” He turned, went into the kitchen, and filled the kettle. He heard John shuffling in behind him. He didn’t turn.
“Sure,” said John. Strange time to be thinking about cake, especially since they had already had pumpkin pie and sticky toffee pudding, but it had been a strange day altogether.
They all turned to look at John. The three intruders looked as if a small, harmless dog had suddenly bared its teeth at them and started foaming at the mouth. Sherlock stopped pacing and sat back down in the bedside chair. “I’m a high-functioning sociopath, John. Anderson never does his research,” he said in a low voice, looking only at John. John shook his head. They’d have to have that conversation in private. This man was no sociopath.
He heard her shaky laugh over all those miles. “I love you so much, John. Maybe it will turn out alright?”
He would start with the skull. That was an interesting story. He would end with the mollusk. Those were his strong suits. He was on less solid ground with the friendship, the money, and the clutter. He started to hit “reply” when he heard footsteps on the stairs. Not Mrs. Hudson. Heavier. Oh, bugger Mycroft. What now?
They had agreed. As soon as they finished with Moriarty, Sherlock would tell Mycroft. He would arrange new identity and safe haven for Irene. They had no interest in living together, and he would never try take the child away from her. Sherlock would visit his son discreetly until they were sure it was safe to be more open. His son. They had found out weeks later that it was a boy. When he was older, he could decide where to live. His son. Sherlock sighed.
“Why am I here? Yes, I know it’s bloody cold and you think I should be in the house having breakfast. I’m here because I made you another promise. One I kept. You were right in your deduction that I would want to follow you. Shrewd of you to make me promise to give it a year. I assume you thought that within a year I would have learned how to deal with this. Would miss you less.  Foolish, John. However, I’ve done as I promised. Of course you realized why I’m here. Today.”
It had, indeed, been venom. He wouldn’t have thought of it, because although Kyle Johnson worked in a pet shop it was one of the boring ones with kittens, fluffy puppies, tropical fish, and a few disgruntled birds. Nothing interesting like snakes or lizards or spiders. The victim had been quite the Lothario, working his way through the other shop assistants, both women and men. As soon as Sherlock received John's email, he made inquiries about staff travel and discovered that one of Kyle's co-workers recently returned from a trip to Fiji. He looked carefully again at all the cages and aquatic habitats. There, in one, almost hidden by a waving fern-like plant, lay a small mollusk, its triangular tan spots blending in with the sand at the bottom of the aquarium. It was unassuming, rare, and quite out of place in Paws n Claws. The venom of
“At least it’s a start. It’s the first real lead we’ve had…” Sherlock looked back down at the IPad. “Oh. That’s not possible.”
Mycroft appeared in the open doorway. “To what do I owe this interruption?” Sherlock asked, not bothering to get up from the kitchen table.
Her hands on Sherlock had been gentle throughout the night, and she didn’t bother to try to reassure John since she knew he was a doctor. She offered to bring him food from time to time, but she didn’t make a fuss when he refused.
“That’s the spirit,” he said. “Shall we? Are you clever enough to bet your life, or are you just as much of an idiot as the others?”
“Come on,” said Sherlock. “Luggage tag. Email address I’ll wager. She didn’t have a laptop. She did business on her phone. It’s a smartphone. E-mail enabled. GPS.”
“Yes, John, of course they were horrible. Benson & Hedges Gold, as I remember. I think that’s as much sophistication as the shops in the village ran to at the time. I had followed Mycroft into the village one day and saw him smoking with Frank Miller, the boy who waited tables at the Swan. So I knew generally how it was done. I puffed on the first one. It tasted absolutely vile, but I perservered. Why? Why does anyone smoke, John? I needed something. I was alone, I was misunderstood, I was uneasy in my own skin, I was a strange child with no friends and a complicated mind. The world seemed too big and too small at the same time. After the first three or four, I managed to inhale. After number six I threw up. Undignified in the extreme, especially since that’s when Mummy came upon the scene.”
Sally Donavan looked up the street just in time to see Sherlock enter a cab. It was almost all the way up Baker Street before the cab's lights came on.
John felt badly that he couldn’t email the man… Man, he realized, not boy. A boy hadn’t written that email. That was encouraging, at least. He felt badly that he couldn’t email the man now and reassure him that he would make no demands on him beyond that required by law of them both. But he was sagging with fatigue. He lay down on the bunk, still fully clothed except for his boots, and fell into a deep sleep. The bluey was still held loosely in one hand.
“Are you sure?” His voice was rough, fierce. He couldn’t help it. He couldn’t bear it now if John wasn’t sure.
“Just if it’s ok with you, mate,” said Lestrade, carefully. “If you’d rather us not use a family name…”
“You should get some more sleep. There’s a cot in the nurse’s station. I’d come wake you the moment anything changes.” John had quickly bonded with the little, blond nurse since she had come on shift at midnight last night. She brought him endless cups of tea once she realized he was English, and quickly learned how he liked it. She made the tea from her own private store of Twining’s English Breakfast. It wasn’t PJ Tips, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. Since she was a Yank he couldn’t fault her too much, and it was light years better than the usual hospital tea. Hospital tea was vile worldwide from London to Helmand Province to New York.
The unspoken implication was that blueys marked confidential were rarely good news. Ordinarily, they came into the HQ computer center, were printed out, and got left on your bunk. His heart sank. Had something happened to Harry?
John and Sherlock ease into their relationship. Sherlock's gratitude to Mycroft is present but severely limited. Mrs. Hudson is a smart lady. If you notice a passing reference to ACD's "The Man with the Twisted Lip" you are correct.
“I knew you’d find her suitcase,” the grey-haired man who seemed to be in charge said. “I’m not stupid.”
“We’re planning to call him Will,” said Molly, “if that’s…. I mean Sherlock is sort of a mouthful, but we thought….” Her voice faltered.
Sherlock stood, picked up a charcoal grey coat that he had draped across the foot of John’s bed, swirled it on, and popped up the collar. The thought crossed John’s mind that this action had, unfairly, emphasized his partner’s cheekbones even more and brought out the blue in his remarkable eyes.
Mycroft tried to concentrate on the file in front of him. He failed. His concentration rarely failed him, but it was January the sixth. Sherlock’s birthday. They rarely acknowledge such things, so any gift or visit would be rudely rejected. But his curiosity kept niggling at the back of his consciousness, coming between him and the decision about the list of potential ambassadors. Would Sherlock make his own choices or let the Agency make a random pick for him in protest? And which would be more disastrous?
She climbed into the back seat of their car. The IPad was still locked on the signal, and it was moving away from Baker Street. They’d been lured here for some reason. Her heart sank. Sherlock had been lured here, and now he had gone with the killer. For a genius, the man was an idiot. Certifiable. She’d been right about him all along. He didn’t care about anything except the hunt, and he didn’t care who suffered for his actions.
“You have got to be shitting me. I thought you liked them because they were real, because they were honest.”
“I was being honest, John.” He looked up. “Kafka wrote a much more interesting story than the one about the bug. It’s called
Sherlock’s knees suddenly felt weak, and he sank to the bed beside Molly and the hideous squalling bundle squirming on her stomach.
“I’m perfectly serious. I may not believe in God, but being shriven before death has a long and honorable tradition. I hear it has psychological benefits.”
anyone else. This is ridiculous. Did Mycroft arrange for MI5 to send agents to stop me offing myself if you lot couldn’t manage it?”
Sherlock looked down at his hands. One was massaging his knee. Touch of arthritis there. The other held the half-smoked cigarette.  He couldn’t look at John’s grave. He wished with all his heart that John had been the first.
“Baker Street it is,” said Lestrade, and accelerated onto the A11. Sherlock retreated into his mind, blocking out the nattering going onto between the back seat and the front seat.  He systematically went through everything he had done. Finding the case. Searching it at the flat. There was only one explanation for the phone being in Baker Street. The killer was there. At the flat. Suddenly he opened his eyes as adrenaline surged through him. The flat. Mrs. Hudson.
“Jennifer Wilson is cleverer than all of you,” Sherlock said, “and she’s dead. Do you see? She didn’t
Jerry was the Colonel’s aide and Battalion mascot. He was a cheery kid from Glasgow who was even shorter than John. He had a shock of red hair, a nose sprinkled with freckles, and good taste in porn and whiskey. John liked him, but not at the moment. He had caught John on his way to his tent after nine straight hours in surgery.
When he woke the next morning on the floor, he looked at the fresh needle track in his arm. He felt the craving rise in him. No. No. No. The work. It was more important. This was just a one-time thing.
No “sorry you were shot.” No “how do you feel?” No “will you ever perform surgery again?” No “hello, nice to actually meet you.” Actually, John thought, that was an enormous relief, since he didn’t feel like talking about his feelings at the moment.  Sherlock waved the phone at him.
Sherlock lit another cigarette. Only two left in the pack, now. Fitting that he was smoking with Lestrade here at the end. They could finish them off before he got rid of his visitors. He looked at John’s grave. He didn’t want to see Lestrade’s reaction. Didn’t want to see pity in his eyes.
“She had gone to ground in Pakistan. She needed money, so she began to discretely ply her trade again. I found out where she was at the same time the Lashkar-e-Taiba did a sweep to clean out pernicious foreigners. She was caught up in it. They didn’t know who she was. It had nothing to do with her past finding her out. She was just another prostitute in their eyes, and the punishment was stoning or beheading. I barely made it there in time.”
“We will make our own arrangements. Will around the clock nurses until Mrs. Lestrade and Master Lestrade feel ready to consult their physician be satisfactory?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Sherlock, grinning. “Good to see that your pudgy exterior doesn’t mean you’ve let yourself go totally to seed.”
John felt a small, reluctant smile lift a corner of his mouth. Well, truth was he hadn’t done too well with his own picks in the romance department. He might not manage to come back from Afghanistan anyway, so maybe it was all moot. He liked danger, and he intended to stay in the Army and in war zones as long as he could. It made him feel alive. He was an adrenaline junkie, he admitted to himself. He had no intention of settling down in the suburbs in… well, wherever his match-up might live. Could be anywhere from Helsinki to Brussels. Bloody Harry… well. He would cross that bridge if and when he came to it.
Anything? Was that true? Even leave John alone in that hospital room? Leave him to recover alone? Leave him to that drunk harpy of a sister? Sherlock had never been important to anyone, really. Was it possible that his life or death might matter to John Watson?
It was a man. Older. Uniform. Probably his official I.D. picture. Serious, tanned, skin looked a bit weather-damaged. Captain’s insignia. Something else. He squinted. Caduceus. Royal Army Medical Corps. Afghanistan or Iraq? Why had he given up his exemption for a random pairing? Was he trying to get out of service? He looked at the face again. No. The eyed stared straight into the camera. Very decided-looking mouth and chin. This was a serious person. Good god, what had he done?
“Got to go. Wounded.” He cut the connection. He hadn’t even asked her to send him the lottery ticket, but it probably didn’t matter. He assumed he would be notified if he was matched.
“Hasn’t been matched yet, so no. I’ll freeze the numbers, send you sets of possible matches for you to go through. Your choice. Once you decide, we’ll… well, rig is an unpleasant word, isn’t it? Adjust the outcome. I’m just giving you other Lucky Dips, though. There are a surprising number, and it wouldn’t be fair to bollocks it up for people who have some clue as to what they want.”
Sherlock picked up the last cigarettes and the lighter. Gio’s hands reached out and gently took them away from him.
He closed the email and went out into the cold, desert night. He stood for a while outside his billet, looking up at the stars. John Watson was a fair man, and a kind one when he could be. Maybe he should contact the kid tomorrow, see what his story was. Not fair to judge before he talked to him, was it? He thought again about the beautiful, bitter face staring out from the computer screen. Email was difficult to manage out here, but Sherlock Holmes might be just as apprehensive about this whole business as he was. He’d try to find time to email him tomorrow.
Sherlock nodded. “He didn’t kill me, either. It was a brilliant scheme, he did talk them into killing themselves.” Sherlock stood and dusted himself off. Really, they should be more careful about the floor. He was going to have to get the Belstaff cleaned.
“That’s a name no-one says. I’m not gonna say it either. It’d be as much as my life’s worth. It’s not worth much, I’ll admit, but I’d rather go natural-like. I will tell you this much. My sponsor has a taste for unnatural death, that’s for sure. But enough chat. Time to choose.”
“Regent’s Park. Or it could be the training college in the park. You know, the one near the business school. Deserted at night. Or there are all sorts of places in the park he could drag him. Hurry.”
Considering everything, Thanksgiving turned out fine that year. Zabar’s put on a nice spread. The American ambassador to Britain, home in New York for the holidays, turned out to have what even Mycroft admitted was adequate taste in wine. For an American. Mrs. Hudson thought her pumpkin pie was better than Zabar’s, which was perfectly true. Sherlock wasn’t fully conscious until the next day, so he missed most of it. He didn’t mind, since John insisted on saving him a slice of pie, and Mrs. Hudson had brought his favorite chocolate biscuits from home.
John still hesitated in the doorway. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. John’s shirt had been folded, creases still apparent. Still cycling to work or something else… Bags under his eyes. Roll of the shoulder, tension or? Ah.  Interesting. Out drinking with Lestrade last night. Didn’t go home to Mary.
“I didn’t take you for a jumper. Hurling yourself into the sea doesn’t strike me as quite your style.”
“We know he didn’t… We’re going to have to move fast. That phone battery won’t last forever. Drive, Lestrade.” Lestrade and Anderson hurried into the front seats and slammed their doors.
Sherlock smiled. He should never underestimate his brother’s ability to interfere, even from beyond the grave. He turned to look at Greg. His hair was totally white now, but it was still the same short, spikey style. He looked well, actually, for his age.
“I’ve always been a selfish bastard at heart, Simon. Tess has Michael. John doesn’t need me anymore. I find the days quite… empty. The thought of declining into decrepitude without John holds little appeal.”
While he waited, he sat back down in front of the computer and clicked “reply.” He typed for a while, answering some of the doctor’s questions and some of their mutual concerns. After reading it over, he sat back for a moment.  He noticed that a cup of tea was sitting beside him, but no Mrs. Hudson. He reached out and took a sip. Still relatively warm. Should he have been more explicit about his sexuality? But what would he have said, exactly? Asexual? Gay but sex-averse? He wasn’t quite sure himself. It probably didn’t matter. John Watson was intelligent. He would understand that the possibility of a sexual relationship didn’t even need to be discussed or negotiated. That was a relief. Sherlock pressed “send” and finished the tea.
Pain and light and fear. He felt around for the voice, for its dark comfort, but the only sound was beeping. He tried to sit up, but his muscles didn’t seem to be working. He tried to breathe deeply, but the pain burned through his chest with each intake of air. He groaned.
“Good god,” he said aloud. He picked up the glass, downed the rest of the whiskey. It burned down his throat, and he coughed. He poured out another finger. The face staring back at him from the screen was… beautiful. He hadn’t thought much about male beauty, wasn’t much inclined that way, but there was no other word for it. It was a man, a young man. He was scowling into the camera. Likely his official I.D. picture. He looked otherworldly. That was the only word that John could put to that face.  Long, dark hair curled onto his collar and almost into his eyes. The eyes. Some brilliant shade of blue-green with a tiny dot of brown in one. The tawny imperfection didn't mar the extraordinary effect of the brilliant eyes. It somehow enhanced it. The young man was pale as a ghost. His cheekbones were sharp and high, with hollows shadowed beneath.
“You’re really as good as he told me you were,” Hope said, looking up. “Yeah, you’re right. About all of it. Aneurysm under my skull. Any breath I take may be my last. I may be a killer, but I love my kids. I did it for the money. And, I’ll admit, it’s been fun outlivin’ those people. Quite the game it’s been.”
Sherlock got to the car first. He hurled himself into the back seat and jerked the pink case onto the seat beside him.
“Damn my leg,” John muttered. “And damn my shoulder.” No-one had even said goodbye. The tiny candle flame flickered out.
“You can stay,” he said to Mycroft. So Dr. Patel gave him the news. Bullet wound to the left shoulder, nicked the subclavian artery. Extensive blood loss, damage to the acromial angle and infraspinous fossa, damage to the suprascapular artery and nerve and the circumflex scapular artery. Possible brachial plexus damage. Two surgeries, one at the Army Hospital in Afghanistan, the other when they had gotten him to Queen Alexandra yesterday. The second surgery had been to try to restore more circulation to the damaged vein and arteries. This had included grafts from his left leg.
They were under no obligation to have sex with their partners or even be friendly. They were simply required to live together at least six months of every year and function as an economic unit and a stable home for the partners and any children. Counselors were liberally provided. Partners had a right to make their own arrangements for sex outside the partnership if they wished. All children were legally bound by contract before birth to one partnership. The biological mother had priority, but she could give up her rights to the biological father by contract. Sometimes fathers sued for custody in the family courts and won. No parental ties outside partnerships.
are you doing here? My garden has turned into Piccadilly Circus today.” He turned back around, trying to compose himself.
Sherlock stopped his pacing and gave John a slight smile. He ducked his head. It was like no-one had ever told him he was brilliant.
“That will be all then, gentlemen,” said Mycroft. Sherlock could have kissed him. Of course, he refrained.
“You know every street in London, you do. The cabbies talk about it, say you’ve got the Knowledge. You know
voice, but a voice. “Don’t try to move, Dr. Watson. I will call the nurses. You are in hospital in London. Your surgeries were successful.”
His knees buckled and he fell onto them, clutching at the doorframe. He heard a babble of voices behind him. He couldn’t seem to stand.
He opened his eyes and waved the cigarette toward the grave that lay in front of the bench. It was in the back garden of the cottage under the beech tree.
“You can specify country, age range, gender, sexual preference. If you don’t get your own ticket tomorrow, the Agency will generate one for you. That one would be totally random.”
He showered, dressed, and went downstairs. Speedy’s had lottery machines. The Partner Lottery was just another machine among those for Lotto and EuroMillions. He ordered tea and a partner card. The young man behind the counter handed him the card and a stubby pencil.
Sherlock put the mugs down on the table none too gently and shoved the sugar toward John. He sat down and fixed John with a steady gaze.
He dropped down onto his bunk and bent to unlace his boots. Half-hidden under the cot was a bluey. Must have gotten knocked off in all the comings and goings of his mates. Oh, god. He remembered Sherlock Holmes. He had meant to try to communicate with the man. He finished taking off his boots, picked up the sealed, tri-folded, light blue page, and opened it.
She wouldn’t have believed it if she hadn’t seen it with her own eyes. The tosser up and left without a word. She thought she had seen glimpses of a human being in the freakazoid over the last couple of hours. She’d even wondered if she was mistaken about him. He seemed different with his little doctor. Still a wanker, of course, but he talked to the man like a real person. He even smiled at him. That was the first time she had seen him smile, and it made his ridiculously long, pale face look quite nice. And he seemed genuinely worried about his landlady. She should have known better.
Almost. Sherlock thought about the lye that had eaten through the corner of the kitchen table just last week.
Sherlock just shrugged from his perch on Molly’s bed. He carefully picked Will up. He kissed his silky forehead, then settled him in his lap.
Gio smiled. “Very much so. She’s one of the most alive people I’ve ever met. She said the same thing about you, you know.”
Sherlock Holmes. What the hell kind of name was that? Education: Eton and Cambridge. OK then, posh name, posh education. But he hadn’t taken a degree. And his first impression had been correct. The man – boy? – was only twenty-five. No current employment listed. What did that mean? He thought about Eton and Cambridge. Trust fund? He thought about the face. The man should be at least a model, but nothing. Rent boy? He thought about the almost skeletal face and red-rimmed eyes. Drug addict? Drug addicted rent boy? Damn Harry. Really, damn her. He looked at the space for sexual preference. None listed. What the bloody hell did that mean? Maybe he had done the same thing that Harry had done – gotten high and gotten a Lucky Dip.
When he finally got back to base, he reported to the Colonel. Ten dead, fourteen saved at the site, six stablilized and airlifted to Bath Hospital. Outcome unknown. Commendations to the team. He finally made it to his tent, exhausted and depressed, already second-guessing some of the calls he made. If he had only gotten to that young Lieutenant earlier. But he thought he had more time with that one. Misjudgment, as it turned out. His family would never know that the young man with the straw-blond hair had bled out into his intestinal cavity because Captain John Watson had put him one space too far down in the line for surgery.
“Simple,” the vicar said, taking a long drag on the cigarette. “Liz is going to smell this on my clothes. I hope you realize that I’m blaming you entirely. What else?”
Sherlock was going to have to tell John today, of course. That was part of the rationale for the cigarettes. It would be cowardly to off himself without telling John about Egypt. And a few other things. Physically he needed the calm and clarity of nicotine. Symbolically? Forgive me, John, for I have sinned in thought, word, and deed. I have done those things which I ought not to have done. I have left undone… well, left unsaid… those things that I ought to have said.
He only saw it when his brother practically rubbed his nose in it. Mycroft could see so much further ahead.
He turned away and ran a hand through his hair, still mostly dark. He could feel the strands of coarser grey slip through his fingers. More of it over the last year or so. He took a turn around the garden. John wouldn’t be happy with the state of it, he realized. John had been the gardener, he the beekeeper. If he decided on door number three, the slow route into darkness, he’d have to cut back the iris border and the berry bushes. The daylilies were a mess and the beebalm needed thinning. The
The face was striking, but something in John’s medical training made him look at it even more closely. He took a sip of the whiskey. Much too thin. Eyes slightly red-rimmed. Mouth a full, lovely bow, but so pale that his lips barely stood out from the white skin surrounding them. Too white. John narrowed his eyes. This man wasn’t well. Drugs? Anorexia? Anaemia? Something else? Well, this was going to be interesting. He clicked the word attachment, and it opened, covering the face.
John made it there before the ambulance. If it hadn’t been Molly, thought Sherlock, he would have enjoyed seeing John in full Captain Watson/Dr. Watson mode. John hissed orders, clipped and totally focused. He ordered Greg from the room. He ordered Mrs. Hudson to boil a lot of water, sterilize a sharp knife, some tongs to use as forceps, some scissors, then make tea for Greg. He ordered Sherlock to hold Molly’s hand and keep her awake. And breathing. He ordered Mycroft to find clean sheets and towels. He ordered Molly to hang on. He ordered God to intervene and prevent her blood pressure from dropping too low. No bleeding out on his watch, thank you very much. They all obeyed him. Of course.
Sherlock frowned. “No. I thought I was close, but I must have miscalculated. I was sure he’d be in that cab, but it turned out to be a tourist newly-arrived from California. I still think he has her phone…”
“Oh, John, you poor thing. You haven’t slept, I can tell. Or eaten. How is he?” She looked at Sherlock and teared up again.
Sherlock felt the blood drain from his face. He put his hands flat on the table on either side of the computer to keep them from shaking. If Mycroft was here, it was bad.
She drove for several minutes in silence. Sherlock looked exhausted, but she didn’t intend to let him off the hook even though she felt kind of sorry for him at the moment. She might never have a chance like this again.
Sherlock stared at her, puzzled. Her voice lacked its usual acid edge. She shrugged and looked away, but not before he saw her mouth quirk into a slight smile. Another one? Why? What had changed? He shook his head. Not the time to try to figure out Sally Donovan. Sherlock ran his hands through his hair. He was missing something. What was he missing?
“Really, John,” Sherlock said, lifting his chin and straightening his spine. “I’m surprised a doctor would use the phrase ‘looney bin.’ Where’s your professional compassion?”
“It’s ok, Harry. Who knows, maybe the Lucky Dip will be lucky for me. Match me up with a gorgeous blond with great tits who’s hotter than hell. What do you think?”
. John came back early from the surgery before Wilkinson got to the third stanza or Sherlock certainly would have bled out. John grabbed a kitchen knife and slashed Wilkinson’s jugular in the melee that followed. He cut Sherlock and Mrs. H free with the same knife.
Just then, headlights came on in a black car parked on the kerb in front of him. Then they winked off again. Not a car. A cab. Why had the victims gone with a stranger? Oh. Sherlock returned his phone to his pocket. He looked down the street. Lestrade, Donovan, Anderson were standing outside the car, gesticulating and arguing. All occupied. He walked over to the cab.
John's hands clenched tightly around the mug, knuckles white. “He did, did he? And how did this go over with the addicts in the East End?”
“I had some of the stew Liz brought over yesterday. It was the lamb that you liked. I hope you’re happy that I’m eating.” Liz was the vicar’s wife. She mostly left him alone, for which he was grateful. She tried to treat him normally since John died, but her big, brown eyes were always too full of both intelligence and compassion. She saw too much. She was, however, an excellent cook. He hadn’t gone so far as to bring John out any of the stew.
He thought about gentle Mrs. Hudson up in his flat with a killer. His heart was pounding. He took a deep breath and nodded. Lestrade was already on his phone, shouting into it. Anderson and Donovan were talking. Too much noise.
Sherlock took one of his own. Simon passed the lighter to him. Eleven and twelve. Sherlock couldn’t help but count them down.
John turned his head. There, sitting in the visitor chair pulled up to the side of John’s bed, eating a biscuit, was Sherlock Holmes. John blinked. The man in person was even more alarmingly beautiful than in his photo. Dark hair curled on his forehead. Skin as white as paper and eyes…. Blue, green, grey?
They suggested the hospital, but Mycroft assessed the mood of the room perfectly. That was one of his many skills, and he was happy to use it on this occasion.
“Stop thinking about the turkey. It’ll be fine.” John ran his hand lazily down Sherlock’s naked back. He had long since gotten used to the scarred ridges. Damn Serbia and all Serbians. Every time he felt those, he remembered just how close Sherlock had come to never coming home.  John sent up a prayer of thanks for each ridge that he touched. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head gently.
The man looked at the card. “Lucky Dip? Wow, I’ve never seen anyone choose that. Living dangerously, mate.”
“Eat before it gets cold. Angelo wouldn’t be happy if he knew it was reheated once already.” Sherlock sat down again in the chair pulled up to John’s bedside. “Angelo is, or rather was, a talented house-breaker. I got him off a murder charge. I was able to prove that at the time of an interesting triple murder in Soho, he was in the midst of a jewelry heist in Kensington. He is now the owner of an excellent Italian restaurant, a restaurant across from 22 Northumberland. Eat, John.”
“You wouldn’t,” he said, the bow still suspended over the strings. He didn’t think she would. Would she?
“Anyway, when I was a child I thought he was the sun and moon and stars. Ridiculous. He came home from Eton after the Summer Half. They said they had no more to teach him, and he was kicking his heels at home until he could start at Balliol at the Michaelmas term. I thought I had my brother back, at least for a little while. We could play chess, we could explore, he could read to me the way he sometimes did. We used to lie in the grass in the garden. He’d sit up against a tree and let me put my head in his lap.”
Just then, there were footsteps and raised voices in the hallway. “Police business,” John heard. Then the room was suddenly quite crowded. Sherlock bounded out of the chair.
“Hot and sour soup is ready, and the jiaozi. The braised duck is warming in the oven. Shrimp in the pot. I haven’t had good Chinese in months. You’re sure you don’t mind me staying?”
Molly looked exhausted, but she was with them again. She smiled at Greg. He came over and kissed her, running a hand through her sweaty hair.
Suddenly Molly and Mrs. Hudson came in the door, Mrs. Hudson still dabbing at her eyes. “I was having a bit of a cry,” she said. “I don’t know what came over me.” She bustled over to John.
“You do realize that as an Anglican priest I rarely hear private confessions anymore? I take it you'd prefer that I skip what you once called 'all the mumbo-jumbo'?”
The man ignored him and came over to the bed. He stuck out his hand to John. “I’m Greg Lestrade. Detective Inspector Lestrade. Sorry about all this. And congratulations about the partnership….,” he hesitated, tracking Sherlock’s agitated pacing. “I guess.”
“Alas, yes. Dr. Watson, you and I have that in common. Addiction in the family, I mean. As I’m sure Sherlock told you, his poison of choice is drugs. I hope you won’t take it amiss that, in light of your current circumstance, I took it upon myself to persuade your sister to return to rehab. I assured her I would keep her apprised of your situation, and I have done so. She asked that you call her when you could.” Suddenly Mycroft looked down and fiddled with the umbrella he had planted on the linoleum floor.
“Welcome to the family, Dr. Watson,” he said. “And good luck.” He turned off the desk lamp and made his way to bed.
They ate and talked. The night wore on. No-one seemed to be making any moves to leave. He told Molly and the vicar about his son. About Moriarty.  About everything. Corporate confession, after all. It didn’t seem to matter anymore that they all knew. In fact, he seemed to want them to know. Strange. They were his friends. There, he admitted it. He still had friends.
There was a yip from the bedroom, then the scrabbling of paws on the wooden floor. The little bulldog was almost a year old now, a present from Mycroft last Christmas. He could hear his name from anywhere in the flat. He ran into the kitchen, greeting them with his usual joyous barks and nuzzles. Sherlock’s face softened. That, he thought, had been one of Mycroft’s better ideas. John adored Gladstone, and Sherlock admitted to being rather fond of the dog himself.
Strange that what he felt wasn’t resentment but relief. He shook his head, trying to tell Mycroft that, but his voice didn’t seem to be working. He had never had a partner before, had never had a friend. In spite of what John had said, Mrs. Hudson was more like his mother than a friend. Was this how it felt? No wonder Mycroft was wary of involvement. He stood up, chair scraping back. He cleared his throat.
John made toast and drank his coffee while Sherlock peeled and cored and chopped Anjou pears. Then an onion. Then celery. He stalled for as long as he could, but fair was fair.
Sherlock hesitated, hand tight around the phone. He loathed it when Mycroft was right about anything, but he admitted to himself that it appeared he had been lucky in this partnering.
Not simple at all. Mrs. Hudson was safe. The cabbie had turned away from him, staring straight ahead. When he was small, Mycroft often told him that curiosity killed the cat. He itched with curiosity. It wasn’t enough to stop the killer. He had to know how. He had to know why. He felt the crystalline flow of his brain, the blessed surge of adrenaline. He felt light and focused, above everything. He loved serial killers, even more than he loved cocaine. The neuro-chemical effects were quite similar, although this might be even more dangerous.
“Mycroft!” John was surprised at the profound relief he felt that Mycroft was here. He would, of course, never hint at that fact to Mycroft.
“Who? What? No, not you… hang on.” Lestrade was still on the phone with the hostage team, but he looked up at that. “Who’s gone?”
Sherlock lit the third cigarette and drew the smoke deep into his lungs. They protested faintly, but they would just have to reacquaint themselves with the burn. He looked for long moments out at the slate grey sky beyond the hedge. The sun had come up behind him some time ago.
“Anyway, I went to Berlin on a private case. Berlin was my perfect mirror, a grey, sexy, fascinating abyss of a place. Like Narcissus, I fell into the pool. I stayed. Cigarettes, cocaine, sex, music, philosophy. God help me, I even painted for a while. Grandmère Vernet was a painter, and art in the blood takes all sorts of forms. Including tendencies to addiction. Anyway, second overdose. Mycroft spirited me out of the city. Yes, excellent deduction, John. To Florida. Rehab in the sun, away from the seductions of culture. Then Mr. and Mrs. Hudson. The rest you know, more or less.”
“I was just teasing, Sherlock.” The dark head still bent over the phone. His lips were tight. Ok, then, John thought. Not a subject his partner takes lightly. Must be some history there, but at least they should get some things clear, now that they were face to face. John liked clarity. No time like the present. He didn’t have anywhere else to go at the moment.
“Mycroft, I would have come to you…..” He and Sir Julian went back to Eton, two misfits who had done well. Very, very well.
“I have a younger brother, too, Mycroft. I suppose you took that into account in your calculations. Oh, don’t bother to look offended. You always thought three steps ahead of the best of us. So you want us to bollocks up the randomness of the partnering just a bit? A slight weighting to fortune's wheel? You know, chance seems to work just as well for most people.”
“I sent the nurse to heat up the veal marsala. Angelo recommended it, and he’s never wrong. Sorry there’s no wine. Angelo said it was illegal to send wine off premises, and he’s still on parole from the burglary charge so he’s a bit sensitive about such things.” Sherlock was sat by his bedside, still in his coat, doing something on his phone.
He unfolded the sheet of paper. The Agency didn’t give you much, did they? Name, birth date, schooling, current employment, sexual preference.
“My boys,” Mrs. Hudson beamed. “I knew it would be fine.” Not quite true, but the less said about the sobbing in the ladies’ room just now the better. She looked around the room. “If we’re having dinner in here, we’ll need a table. And more chairs.”
A strangely companionable silence fell over the car. Sally thought back to Dr. Watson’s hospital room. She had seen Sherlock pause in his dizzying rant about Jennifer Wilson’s still-born daughter. Why would she still be upset, he asked. That summed him up, didn’t it? He just didn’t get it, didn’t get them. Ordinary human beings. People who were sad, lonely, fallible. He always ran over those cracks, like running on air, not touching the soiled concrete that the rest of them had to walk on. But then she had seen him pause and look at his little doctor-partner, and that was a whole other thing. He paused, his voice uncertain. He had actually realized something was wrong. “A bit not good,” the man in the hospital bed confirmed. Then he had smiled for Sherlock alone. It had been a very sweet smile. The freak had actually smiled back at him. He had looked almost normal, somehow.
“John, just to be clear...," Sherlock paused and cleared his throat. "I am not trying to seduce you. It just wasn’t worth arguing with Angelo. He was quite insistent. You are free to pursue whatever romantic or sexual relationships you wish, as you know. I thought I made that clear?” Sherlock was fiddling with his phone again, not looking at John.
“Lucky Dip,” said Sir Julian. “Is he an idiot, does he resent you that much, or is it just that he has nerve to spare?”
Sherlock smoked in silence for a moment, looking down at the scarred oak surface of the kitchen table. He sighed.
Suddenly Sherlock thought of the library at home, on a summer day in Hampshire. The window was open, a soft breeze ruffling the lace curtain. He was eight. Mycroft, back from Eton, was sitting across a chessboard.
The cottage faced south with an unimpeded view to the sea. It wasn’t far from the cliffs. The hives dotted the slope of grass to the north. The old beech tree presided over the westernmost corner of the garden, and his bench faced it. When they first moved here, John set up an old farmhouse table and chairs near the tree, along with the bench. They had eaten countless meals out here, endless cups of tea, even made love on the table on occasion. The hedge screened it from prying eyes and when Sherlock pressed John down onto its scarred surface, rucked his shirt up, stroked his belly, John had simply laughed and hooked his legs around Sherlock’s hips.
“Chinese. Ling’s is still there. Seemed appropriate.” Sherlock felt tears prick behind his eyelids again. This was becoming tedious. Just because Ling’s had been his and John’s favorite and Greg remembered didn’t mean he had to get sentimental.
“It’s cold out here. If you don’t care about yourself, you can at least care for Greg’s rheumatism. And you’re smoking. You’re
“That surprises you, John? I never really told you the truth about Mycroft, that I once loved him. It hurt too much. He pushed me away first, but he was a teenager. A very strange young man trying to fit into an even stranger world. By the time I understood, there was too much water under that particular bridge. What? Yes, you’re right, not water. Too many drugs, too many insults, too much pride, too much hurt.”
“That’s why you’re bloody well not going in,” Lestrade countered. “He’s killed four people already. We’ll call him on her phone. See what he wants. Call him, Sherlock. We’ll alert the hostage team.”
“Relax, you’re doing fine,” Sherlock said. Then he hesitated, his eyes narrowed, and a small, horizontal furrow appeared at the top of his nose. “Um… I didn’t mean that you actually
John looked at the open door for several moments after Sherlock’s brother left. He was so interested in trying to figure out what rabbit hole he had fallen into with the Holmes brothers that he forgot for a little while to think about his injuries.
“Anyway, India. We had Moriarty on the run again. Damn the man. They were like coachroaches, Moriarty and his network. I thought I’d gotten them the first time, but they scattered and multiplied. I made the mistake of starting at the bottom the last time, since I thought the head roach was dead. Irene and I realized that we had to go for the top. That meant Moriarty and Moran. We just missed them in Dubai. We tracked Moran to India.”
“Didn’t know you smoked either, Simon.” He fished the pack out of his coat and passed it to Simon along with the lighter. That was nine and ten gone, then. Halfway through the pack. More than halfway through the day. The vicar took out a cigarette, passed the pack back, and turned to shelter the little flame against the breeze as he lit the cigarette.
Things had been blessedly quiet at the base for a day or two, and John caught up on his laundry and the running poker game in the mess tent. He lost, but the stakes were low. When he returned to his tent after dinner, a bluey lay on his neatly-made bunk. He smiled. He assumed it was from his new partner, and he found himself looking forward to seeing what the man had to say. He took out the bottle of Jameson’s he kept in his locker and poured a small amount into a paper cup. He actually preferred Irish whiskey to scotch. He sat down, took a sip, and opened the sealed tri-fold.
Sherlock drained most of his tea in a quick gulp and dropped the smoldering end of the cigarette into the dregs. It hissed briefly. The cup was a lovely green and gold Staffordshire piece, one of an antique set Molly had given them as a wedding present. He lit another cigarette. Number six, he noted.
“Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. Shakespeare, John. Shakespeare is better than religion, I always thought. What? Yes, I know you never cared for Shakespeare. Oh, you want the smoking story. You were always so literal-minded. Very well. Where were we? Oh, yes, the first overdose.”
Suddenly Sherlock’s head came around the door. “Later. By the way, welcome back to London.” Then he was gone. John closed he eyes. He was exhausted. The man was a bloody whirlwind, his shoulder felt as though someone was stabbing him, the brother was a piece of work, he didn't know if he would ever work as a surgeon again, he felt weirdly exhilarated and exhausted at the same time. Maybe it was the morphine. Maybe he needed more of it. He pressed the call button.
Lestrade, Donovan, Anderson, and various black-clad individuals entered at a run. Some of them had guns out. Real guns this time. They skidded to a halt at the sight of Sherlock and the man on the floor.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I know you don’t want interference, but I knew where he was, and I knew how badly things could go there. I wanted to be ready to do anything I could, but I knew how you’d resent it.”
Sherlock caught the ball neatly and eeled around John as if greased. He barreled toward the lamp-post standing in for the goal. Mycroft had a decision to make. Suit or honor. He chose honor and used a kick to bring Sherlock down.
“Well, you’re a grown man now. You’re smarter than anyone I’ve ever seen or heard of. You saved me, Sherlock. You cared when no-one else did.”
“In a way,” John replied. He sat and tried to think how to phrase this. “I’ve been partnered, sir. With a bloke back in London.”
Pink. Beeps. Suitcase? The beeps were regular and high pitched. Irritating. Below the beeps was something low, soothing, continuous. Dark and soft, like floating in a pool of water and looking up at the stars at the same time. John could rest there forever, except for the beeps. It wasn’t water. He was resting on a voice. It had said something about rings and pink and suitcases and revenge, which didn’t sound soothing, but the sound itself was like a warm bath after a long day. He remembered coming in from playing in the snow with Harry when he had been little. The house had been warm, and there had been hot chocolate. Before everything went to hell. The voice was like that. He prepared to sink back down into it, but the beeping increased in frequency. Then there was light. No, no, no. He wanted to float in the darkness. Something told him there was pain on the other side of that darkness, and he’d just as soon not…
“Nothing so worthy.” Simon took a last puff of the cigarette and flicked the end over the cliff. “She loved life so much. Savored every day, even at the end. It just seemed to me, finally, that not doing the same would dishonour her memory. It’s different for everyone, Sherlock. I think the Stoics had it right, actually. If it seems the most honourable course to you, I’m not here to dissuade you. I just thought I’d see how you were doing. And Liz sent scones. I left them in the cottage. Tea? You could tell me how you and John got together. I’ve always wondered.”
Sherlock took a long drag of the cigarette and followed the smoke up until it disappeared against the stars. They were bright tonight. Suddenly they blurred, and he realized that he was crying. Nonsense. He drew the scratchy wool sleeve of the now-ancient Belstaff across his face. He hadn’t cried in months.
Mycroft put his phone aside and got back to reviewing the report on the looming scandal in the cabinet. Really, how did supposedly intelligent people think they could get away with taking bribes from the Americans in this day and age? His text alert buzzed. He reached over for his phone and looked at the message.
“I know I agreed it was time. But, technically, you still broke your promise.” He took a long drag on the cigarette. Excellent tobacco. “You should be grateful it isn’t heroin, John. I’m not too old to go back into London and find some, you know. I’m also not too old to go back to London and the serial killers.” He plucked another cigarette out of the pack, lit it from the first, dropping the fag end on the ground where it smoldered, a tiny wreath of smoke coming up from the grass. He took another long drag, pulled smoke and darkness and death into his lungs gladly.
Simon reached over and tentatively put his hand on the long, pale hand clutched into a fist on the table across from him.
“Glad to help. Take me to dinner at that new place that’s opened near you in Belgravia and we’re quits.”
“When did you realize you were in love with him?” Simon had an irritating habit of cutting to the heart of matters.
“Rachel,” she whispered. Sherlock smiled at her. Not as idiotic as some, then. She actually smiled back, although it looked like it hurt her a bit to do it. He typed in “Rachel.” Voila.
“It’s bad, I’m afraid.” Mycroft almost always knew what he was thinking. “I thought you should know.
“How? How?” Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the face. His eyes. Irene’s jaw. His curls, but cut shorter than he had ever worn his hair. Irene’s forehead. His mouth.
“Rehab, John. I wasn’t sectioned.” John stood in the doorway of 221B, liminal, hestitant. When Sherlock heard his unmistakable steps on the stairs leading to the flat, his heart had lifted. His traitorous heart. Now it sank again. He shrank back a little into his chair and closed the book he was reading.  John lingered on the threshold as if he no longer belonged here, and his words cut like knives.
it on him. When she got out of his car, she knew she was going to die. She left the phone to lead us to the killer.” He stopped pacing, a brilliant smile on his face. “Rachel!”
Sherlock sighed. “Oh, look at you lot. You’re all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so restful. Rachel is not a
“You’re awake. Good. Angelo insisted on the candle. He said it would be more romantic. I have no idea what he meant, since I explained to him that you were my partner but it wasn’t a sexual relationship. I agreed to humour him.”
“Hardly. Since we’re family now, I’m sure we’ll see each other soon.” Mycroft reached into the inner pocket of his impeccably-tailored suit coat and pulled out a card. He took out a darkly-gleaming fountain pen with a gold nib, crossed to the tray table beside John’s bed, and wrote something on the card. He turned it face down and left it there. “That is my private number. As hard as it may be for you to believe, I admire your loyalty, but you may find that my brother is a complicated man. You may need my help as much as I need yours. If you ever need me, for anything, I am at your service.”
“I need to eat,” Mycroft said. Sherlock realized from his tone that Mycroft was steeling himself for the usual barbs about his weight.
If he tried to invalidate this pairing, he would just have to register for another. John Watson was, overall, as good a match as he was likely to get. Sherlock sympathized with his desire to finish his tour and not have his work interrupted. Mycroft owed him. He would text his brother. In the meantime, he would reassure John Watson on a couple of points. He looked at the moment at the snow drifting past the window. Tea would be useful. He stood, crossed through the lounge, opened the door, and walked out onto the landing.
Mycroft swallowed a fair measure of the whiskey. Excellent. On the light side. Smoke, peat, just a hint of salt. Glen Garioch, if he wasn’t mistaken. “You always had good taste in spirits,” he said.
So he told her. About the partnering. The Lucky Dip. Some of his fears. Things he had never told anyone.
He clicked back onto the picture and lifted his glass in a silent toast. He could imagine Rent Boy’s chagrin when he had gotten John Watson’s picture. Probably not at all what he had in mind, if anything had been in his mind besides his latest fix. Well, he had six months before he had to live with Pretty Posh. One never knew in combat zones. Maybe they’d never meet.
The driver’s window slid down. “Taxi for Sherlock 'olmes.” Cockney accent. Ordinary face in profile. Tufts of grey hair showing under a flat cap.
clever… Jennifer Wilson was running a string of lovers. She was clever… She’s trying to tell us something. But what? Anderson, turn around, I have to think. I can’t think with you staring; you lower the whole IQ of the room.”
“We were all looking for evidence in your flat. Found it, too. They’re not strictly speaking on the drugs squad, but they were very keen.”
“Ah, but you and I are geniuses, are we not? I’ll just call the police, shall I? I look forward to the court case.” Well, this
Sherlock lifted the pill, like a priest holding the host up to the altar. He lived for this, for the risk of everything, for the game. It was the only time he felt really alive, except when he was very, very high. He smiled and brought the pill toward his mouth. The cabbie mirrored his action.
“I told you it was sordid. I’m going inside to make tea. I’ll be back. Don’t smoke any of my cigarettes while I’m gone.”
“Yep,” Kelly said. “I know it’s hard when it’s someone you love. You’re afraid to hope. But this was front to back. You know that’s better.”
“You didn’t waste what remained by the time I intervened only because I had it frozen after it became quite clear that you would only use it to kill yourself.”
“That’s what they all say. Have a seat. Let’s talk.” The man sat heavily in one of the plastic chairs. Sherlock took a chair across from him.
“It was a challenging puzzle.” It had been his first successful case. He had been a twenty-one year old junkie in rehab in Florida. Mycroft had thought it was better to get him far away from his usual sources of supply. He had seen an item in the paper about a drug lord on trial. About his wife. Something hadn’t added up, and he had called Martha Hudson. It was just as accurate to say that she had saved him, although he had never told her that. It was the only reason he hadn’t killed himself. It was the real beginnings of his professional life.
It was now close to midnight, and he sat in his study with a snifter of brandy and papers and photographs spread around him. Julie’s note at the top of the stack had just said, “Twenty to start. Let me know if you want to look at more. J.”
Just that action exhausted him, and his head fell back on the pillows. Before he could ask any more questions, several people entered the room and began a routine with which John was intimately familiar, but from the other side of the bed. Probing, questions, monitors. After a time, only a doctor and Mycroft Holmes remained.
He had never been able to tell John about it, although John had guessed some of it. He had never wanted John to look at him with pity or condemnation. Now was as good a time as any.
Oh, god. It was his birthday. Lottery day. He’d just let the damned Agency pick for him. What did it matter? He struggled to sit up, bracing his back against the sofa. He looked down at his arm again. It did matter, he realized. If the only choice he had was whether or not to pick his own doom, he would at least do it himself.
During the ride across London, Hope said that he had a sponsor. That sponsor was a fan of Sherlock’s. He was intrigued and chilled in equal measure. Someone who sponsored serial killings and tracked the detective’s career. Hardly anyone read his blog, the Science of Deduction. The Met kept his involvement quite low-key. Why was this “sponsor” interested in Sherlock? Even if the police caught Hope, there was no guarantee he would expose this mysterious person. Sherlock needed more data.
“I fucked Irene Adler.” Well, that was bald enough. “I don’t know whether you believed the ridiculous story Mycroft fed you about America and the witness protection program. Or did you both believe she was dead? Were you trying to spare my feelings? Really, John. No, she wasn’t dead. I sent her to her death, but once I got over my wounded vanity I thought better of it. I didn’t want that on my conscience.”
Just for a moment, John didn’t open his eyes. He savored the deep voice and the faint, lingering smell of food. Not-hospital-food. The smell was rich and deep, like the voice, with a lovely overtone of alcohol of some sort. John fumbled for the controls and raised the head of the bed. He blinked. A little votive candle in a clear glass container glowed warmly into the gloom. Sherlock had turned off the sodding flourescents, then.
“All’s fair, as they say.” Since he had taught Sherlock the obscure and ancient Tamil martial art when Lock was 10, his brother should have seen it coming. Mycroft preferred to avoid field work, but he was a sensible man. Never let your skills atrophy.
Sherlock set John’s RAMC mug carefully on the grass in front of the headstone. “Has a rather Egyptian vibe, doesn’t it, provisions for the afterlife? Although if I want your displeased ghost to haunt me, I should be withholding funerary goods, I suppose. So no cane, no laptop, no cozy jumpers for you, John Watson. I don’t want you to be comfortable wherever you are.”
“Yeah, since we’re all here. Mrs. Hudson, there’s a cake-box in the fridge. Could you bring it in? Don’t open the box. We’ll just do it here. John, if you could bring in some plates, forks, you know….”
“Interesting,” said Hope. He stood, reached for the other bottle across the table. He shook the pill out into his hand, and came to stand facing Sherlock.
Hunger artists were people who starved themselves to astonish and amuse paying audiences. Side-show freaks. In Kafka’s story, the hunger artist sacrifices everything for his audience. They don’t even notice.”
The system was invented in the Eurozone as a response to concerns about falling birth rates and family instability harming the lives of children. People were getting married too late, if at all, and divorcing too quickly. Sociologists pointed out that people weren’t very good at picking their own partners or being bound by ethical or religious conventions of loyalty (hence the skyrocketing divorce rates). The Eurocrats decided in their infinite wisdom that they would change up the game. Every sane, relatively able bodied adult was to enter the lottery on their twenty-fifth birthday. If they weren’t matched that year, they got a new lottery ticket until their number came up. Partners were legally bound for life, except in rare cases of fraud or abuse.
“You can sit down if you like,” John said. “Private room in a military hospital. I assume that’s your doing. I’m grateful, but you don’t have to stay. I don’t need a nurse-maid. They’ll take good care of me, and I’m sure you've got better things to do.” John’s voice gave out on the last phrase. Mycroft stood and helped him drink. John nodded his thanks.
He looked at the face again. At the firm chin, the serious mouth, the wrinkles in the broad forehead. He didn’t know whether to feel fear or hope. Just for a moment, hope won out. Perhaps this John Watson had taken a Lucky Dip because something had forced his hand, and he didn't want a partnership at all. Career Army. As unlikely as it seemed, maybe they were brothers under the skin. Men who just wanted to be left alone with their work. But then why had he given up his exemption? Unwise to theorize ahead of available data. He’d just have to contact the man and ask him.
Mycroft reached across the table, put three teaspoons of sugar in Sherlock’s cup, added milk, and pushed it into his hand. “Drink it.”
“Anyway, that’s the story of my first cigarette. Cigarettes, actually. I was sent to my room, but I could still hear an almighty row when Mycroft got back to the house. Never heard the details, but Mummy hated smoking and had made him promise he’d never do it. Might have also had something to do with Frank Miller down the pub. Mycroft left the next day to go stay with friends from Eton. We hadn’t seen each other much since he left for school, anyway.”
“John dear,” Mrs. Hudson whispered, holding his head down close to hers. “Your bedroom is right above me,” she pointed, “and Sherlock sounded quite happy to me.
“John.” Bill Murray was standing at the opening of the com tent. “This one sounds bad. John, are you ok?”
“No, Sherlock. Not under any circumstances. I will not purchase your exemption from the lottery.” He stood in the lounge at Sherlock’s Baker Street flat, braced on his ever-present umbrella.
“What? Oh, number two. Drug overdose. Advantages: I’d have to go into London to get the drugs. It would be nice to see London one last time. I was thinking a speedball. The ecstatic high, then the mellow descent in the dark. Mycroft kept Baker Street empty, so I’d do it there. Full circle. Can’t really think of any disadvantages, except that you’d be disappointed in me. But you’re gone, John. Oh. I said that already, didn’t I? The third? Slow but sure. Keep smoking, quit eating, discreet drug use. A slower method, but I don’t think it would take long. Advantages? I’m quite liking the smoking part. Perhaps more elegant. Not showy. I would go gentle into the night, good or otherwise. Disadvantages? It would involve Tess. I know, she’ll be involved anyway. She’s our daughter, after all. But she and Michael are in America right now. The symphony is touring. Methods one and two, while difficult for her, have the advantage that it happens while she’s away. She doesn’t have to go through another slow decline. Doesn’t have to identify the body. By the time she gets back, that will all be sorted. I’ll even leave a letter for the vicar with everything planned.”
“I tried at school. I always seemed to say the wrong thing. I never understood what people expected.”
He tried to disassociate from it as much as possible, and he had been high during most of these encounters. He couldn’t quite erase all the images and remembered sensations. Throat filled, knees scraping concrete or cobbles, the feeling of a hot mouth on him in a cold alleyway, the slick slide of tongue, hands tight on his arse. He was capable of being aroused, capable of orgasm. But did he want it? He certainly hadn’t wanted it with any of the men he had serviced. The best thing about getting clean had been that he didn’t need to do that anymore. Why couldn’t he just be left alone? He was clean now, living in Mrs. Hudson’s cosy building in Baker Street. He had a profession, one that he had created himself. Why couldn’t he just be left alone?
“The freak. Gone. Scarpered. Took-a-cab-up-the-street-gone.” Two Met SUV’s glided up to the kerb  just then, and people with guns and radios started getting out.
“At my time of life, I need my sleep, young man. This has to stop. You need to talk to someone about whatever is bothering you.”
This was the year that Mrs. Hudson had finally been persuaded by the combined efforts of them all to get her dicey hip replaced. The clincher had been Mycroft’s offer to recruit Her Majesty’s own lofty and titled orthopedic surgeon to do the deed. As far as Mrs. Hudson was concerned, what was good enough for Elizabeth was good enough for her. Mycroft also insisted on providing a hospital bed and nurses for her own flat instead of a rehab facility after she was discharged from hospital the week before. Last Thanksgiving’s feast had been a scrambled affair in America around Sherlock’s hospital bed. Mycroft put his foot down this year. No hospitals. His care for Mrs. H left Sherlock secretly feeling charitable toward him this year. Not enough to let him do the turkey, however. Prunes indeed.
John nodded. Cleared his throat. “Thank you sir.” Billingsly left. He was a good officer, cared about his troops. He knew as well as John that confidential messages to individual troops were rare. John sat down, took a deep breath, and put in his mail code.
Sherlock looked up. “Yes, that wanker, John. Well put, since there was quite a bit of mutual wanking and other things. No talk of love there. I was a bit slow, but I did learn. Seb was an enthusiastic bed partner and an equally enthusiastic drug dealer. I found that the combination of rough sex, cocaine, and nicotine did marvelous things for the brain. Your training would tell you that any of those stimulate endorphins. Together, they made quite a potent painkiller. My life was painful and I was weak. I found my holy trinity and I stuck with it for quite a while. Left uni, went to London, didn’t feel much for as long as I could help it. Combined sex and drugs, traded sex with dealers for drugs, had sex with women for money for drugs. Always cigarettes for a boost, cigarettes to have something to do, cigarettes when I was bored, cigarettes after sex, cigarettes to enhance a high, cigarettes to come down from a high. When the pain became too much, I would switch to morphine. When the pain became too much for that, I overdosed.”
the point?” He sounded very tired, and a bit petulant, like a child that had stayed up past its bedtime.
Sherlock lowered his face into his long-fingered hands for long moments. He hated to beg. “Please, Mycroft,” he finally whispered, “spare me this. I’m not… suited… for a relationship. Please.”
He trotted to his billet, shucked his stained and sweaty scrubs, splashed his face with cold water. He looked in the mirror. God, he looked old. Standing for hours up to your elbows in the guts of a kid who finally died anyway would do that. Had Harry finally managed to kill herself? He scrubbed the rough white towel over his face and didn’t look in the mirror again. He dressed in clean fatigues, straightened his spine, and went to the Colonel’s tent.
Just then a young male nurse came in looking slightly furtive, holding a plate. The former food-smells were just an echo of these. He put the plate on John’s tray table beside the candle, adjusted it over his lap, and said, “You’re lucky that made it back from the microwave in the break room. I had offers.” As he turned, Sherlock stood and pressed something into his hand.
“If you want to continue our Thanksgiving annual morning tradition, you’ll refrain from invidious comparisons.”
“Ta.” Sherlock put the tin between them on the bed. John reached for a biscuit and bit into it. Heaven.
Sherlock looked at the bottles. Well, he had to hand it to the man, it was a different angle on serial killing. Strangely sporting. He was sorry to disappoint him.
The vicar reached for the Staffordshire pot and refilled both their cups. “I noticed John didn’t drink his beer. I’m not judging. I made two cups of tea every morning for over a year after Laura died.”
He wasn’t sure what to say to that. Hadn’t she offered tea? Earlier? He must have misread something. He often did. Then her voice came again, softer, but quite discernable.
Sherlock shrugged. The shrug was eloquent. It stated quite plainly that rules were immaterial to Sherlock.
The furrow smoothed out. “Right, then. Don’t answer your phone unless it’s from your sister. Mycroft programmed her number in. If all goes well, I’ll bring you back a late dinner from Angelo’s. I looked at the tray they brought the man across the hall. Absolutely disgusting. If things don’t go well, Mycroft or Molly will be here later.”
“Hush. If you don’t forget about the damned turkey and Mycroft for twenty minutes, I’ll cuff your sorry ass to the bedpost. Get your priorities straight. If you cooperate, on the other hand, I’ll do that thing you like.”
Baudelaire said that cigarettes interrupt time, but could they turn it back? Maybe for a little while. Eighteen cigarettes left.
John loved having a glass of whiskey here as dusk fell during the summer. It was his chosen spot, even at the end when Sherlock carried him out into the garden and tucked him up into one of the chairs, a blanket wrapped around his legs.
Soon a large white bakery box was sitting on the bed beside Molly. A knife, small plates, forks perched on the bedside table.
Mycroft smiled down at his phone. He had chosen well then. Of course he knew what the problem was. He had considered it and decided to play along and obtain the temporary respite for John Watson to finish his deployment. It was the least he could do for the poor man.
“So we’re not even pretending that you’re not actually thinking about killing yourself? What about Tess? What about all of the people who care about you?”
Sherlock came back to sit in the bedside chair. John held the phone out. Withheld number. The phone continued to ring. Sherlock ignored it.
John had given his sister a copy of his electronic ID so that she could exercise power of attorney for him in England. And in case of his death. He hadn’t been back to England in years.
“Ah,” said John, moving toward the coffee and pouring himself a cup. “That argument about who was the best cook and what your sainted French Grandmother Vernet said about the competing Christmas geese in 1994. I remember now.”
Mycroft smiled. It was quite touching that Sherlock didn't suspect the extent of his interference. His brother was suspicious, but not suspicious enough. He didn't even suspect that his partner wasn't random good luck. Amazing good luck. But perhaps that wasn't so surprising. Sherlock had always seemed to think the universe owed him. Mycroft would never deign to use emoticons, but he was momentarily tempted to just text a smiley. He refrained.
Sherlock strode over to the table, picked up the bottle nearest the cabbie, screwed open the lid, and tipped the capsule into his hand.
Fifteen minutes and another tumbler each of scotch later, a pretty young women brought in a single sheet of paper and handed it to Sir Julian.
“Anderson,” Lestrade said, reluctantly. Anderson and Sherlock hated each other, and Lestrade  hated playing go-between. He needed Sherlock on this one, however, and Sherlock needed a case.
“Bloody hell,” said Lestrade. “He must have seen something, thought of something… We can’t take a chance with Mrs. Hudson. I’ll talk to the team. Sally, see if you can get a fix on the phone. See if it’s still in the flat.”
“In part. I was… away… when she was born. I was gone for two years. When I came back we didn’t see each other often. He was trying to be a good husband and father. His wife didn’t approve of him risking his life playing detective with me. I could hardly blame her.”
“I think I’ll take a walk down to the cliffs. The afternoon’s getting on, John. Have you thought about my method? Any advice? Think on it, and I’ll be back.”
“I assume you know that I’m a surgeon,” John said. “How bad is the nerve damage?” Will I ever be able to perform surgery again? That was the question he didn’t ask, but that all three of the men in the room knew was the real question.
John scrubbed his tired eyes with a shaking hand. A Lucky Dip was a computer generated ticket with no specifications. Lucky Dips were for people who didn’t give a shit, people who felt insanely lucky, or people who refused to even go get their own ticket. If you refused to participate, the government did a Lucky Dip for you and texted you a copy of the numbers.
“Is this a confession?” His eyes flicked back down the street. They still weren’t looking his way. But he had him now. Even if he tried to drive away, he had him. Description, cab number. It was over.
“I thought I was using my I.D. in the machine. OK? Yes, I was drunk. I’ve been drunk since Clara died, alright? It’s been six months. I’m lonely. You’re not here. So I decided to try the lottery again. But I put your I.D. in by mistake.”
about her daughter, John. She scratched her name on the floor with her fingernails. She was dying. It took effort. It would have hurt. Why would she have done that?” He was focused on John, ignoring everyone else.
Later, he sat folded around himself in his chair, wrapped in his blue robe, trying to hold the images at bay. He couldn’t. What he hadn’t been able to tell Mrs. Hudson was that he had never been with anyone he loved. Or wanted. He wasn’t even sure he could love or want anyone. Perhaps he wasn’t wired that way. He had what he supposed were the usual, biological sexual urges, but he took care of them privately and as quickly as possible. He thought of them as an inconvenience. He appreciated male beauty, but he had never been close enough to another man to know whether that would lead to sexual desire for a particular person or not. He had never gotten within a mile of friendship in his life, let alone love. Mycroft had always told him that caring was not an advantage. He had no data either way. It was, as he had told Mrs. Hudson, complicated.
John Watson hoped devoutly that he had heard wrong. Satellite phone calls were rare at the forward Army medical base in Helmand province. What sort of emergency had his sister claimed in order to get through to him?
The turkey, as it turned out, was forgiving. So was Gladys, who had to peel the sweet potatoes by herself. John left Sherlock upstairs with the turkey, wildly chopping cranberries and oranges for the relish and muttering about his yeast rolls. John was supposed to be helping Gladys with the sweet potato casserole, the fresh tomato and basil soup, the brussels sprouts, and some American abomination involving canned green beans and canned mushroom soup. He took one last longing look at Sherlock, whose hair was mussed, whose wrists were rubbed red, and whose lips were… Jesus. He forced himself to turn and clatter down the stairs.
The hand holding the cigarette twitched. Sherlock consciously steadied it, lifted the cigarette, and took a last drag. Almost down to the filter.
"Europe was still a glorious place to smoke back then. Sex and cigarettes. Two out of three wasn’t bad. I ran into Irene in Munich. Picture a dim day in March. A small table beside a café, close to a cobbled street beginning to slick with a mist slowly turning to light rain. The chair across from me was empty. I was imagining you there, but that felt pitiable, even to me. Then she sat down. In your chair. Black dress, black Sobranie, gold tip stained by mulberry lipstick. Yes, John, it does sound like cliché film noir. What can I say. I was feeling very sorry for myself. She helped me hunt Moriarty. We smoked and fucked and hunted our way across Europe into the Middle East. Then India. Then Egypt. I’ll tell you about Egypt, but I need to tell you about India first.”
“Yes,” he said, surprised by how weak his voice sounded and by how little resistance he felt to the idea. “Sussex?”
very angsty, may be triggering for some. has to do with a (possible) infant death. I swear there's light at the end of this tunnel, just so you know.
“The Holy Trinity? I found my Holy Trinity at uni. No, not sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Good guess, though. I always thought classical music far superior to rock. For me it was sex, drugs, and Lady Nicotine. I’m sure the part of that you find most surprising is the sex. You always suspected I was a bit of a late-bloomer in that area, didn’t you? I never disabused you of that notion because I never wanted to talk about it. I loved you, I loved sex with you. That’s all you needed to know. I wanted to leave my dark past in the dark. But here we are, with sixteen and a half cigarettes left.”
John blinked. It seemed everything was taken care of for the moment. Alarmingly so. He was used to doing his own managing.
“Ah. It seemed a good opportunity to get a confession?” It didn’t sound convincing, even to his own ears.
He ignored the tea and biscuits, ripped open the envelope, and unfolded the one sheet. A picture fell face down on the floor. His partner. He couldn’t stop his hands shaking. He sat down on the floor cross-legged, turned the picture over. He took the sheet and picture, and tried to focus.
The vicar made tea. Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he wasn’t alone. Perhaps John would understand if he had to wait a bit longer. He looked at the pack of cigarettes. Two left. He squeezed Molly’s hand, then dropped it. He reached for the pack, took one out. He held the pack toward the vicar.
“I love my brother. I want him to be happy. Is it ridiculous of me to hope that a partner might help him? I'm not asking for a particular partner. Just a match that might not be ruinous to both parties.”
“Nah. 'Cause I didn’t kill those four people. I spoke to 'em. That’s all. Then they killed themselves. You’re gonna come with me. Otherwise, I’ll never tell how I did it.
“Thanks, Kelly. I want to be here when he wakes up.” If he wakes up, John thought. No. Don’t even think it. It had been over twenty-four hours since the surgery. About thirty hours since things went to hell in New York. A friend of Lestrade’s from the NYPD, a serial killer, a chase through an alleyway, movement, shots, panic. Ambulance. Hours of surgery. Now stillness. Waiting. Watching Sherlock breathe. Drinking endless cups of tea.
Sherlock stubbed out the second cigarette on the arm of the bench. “I wanted to say goodbye.” Suddenly he smiled. “Or, if I’m wrong about everything, perhaps hello.” Sentiment. He found he didn’t care.
Since their Thanksgiving morning tradition was sex, John grinned and headed back into their bedroom to dress.
He reached into a pocket and set another bottle on the table. The room was silent, except for the small sound of the glass bottle making contact with the wooden table.  Identical bottle. One capsule.
John read the document carefully. Twice. It was odd, and certainly surprising. The voice in that email seemed totally at odds with the picture that John had studied, or at least with the assumptions John had made about the man. He didn’t sound like a rent boy. Or a druggie or a spoiled trust-fund wanker. He sounded quite strange, but in an interesting way.
“He’s here,” Sherlock repeated. “It’s the only explanation. Mrs. Hudson could be in danger. Call for backup.”
could be left alone over the winter. The birds liked the seeds and cover. He loathed working in the garden. Another argument for the gun.
“I brought you tea. PG Tips, just like you like it. You complained often enough that I never made the tea.”
Looking at John with blood on his hands and a deep weariness in his eyes convinced Sherlock that he had overestimated the romance of death by serial killer. Riding with him in the ambulance later, John simply said, “I can’t do this anymore, we’re both getting too old for this.”  John wasn’t looking at him, but his hand clenched, warm and tight, around Sherlock’s. His mouth was a thin line. Sherlock decided that it was best not to point out that he wasn’t even quite sixty yet.
He straightened, rolled his shoulders to try to work out the kinks from sleeping in the hard hospital chair. Why were they always so fucking uncomfortable?
“Mummy and Daddy and I have discussed it. They won’t lend you the money either, so don’t bother calling them. It’s not just a matter of money in any case. Appearances must be preserved. Two sons from the same family…. It wouldn’t look good. Besides, we think perhaps having a partner would improve your situation. Stabilizing influence.”
Sherlock sipped his own tea. John always had plebian tastes in food and drink, but this seemed appropriate to the day. He set his cup on the bench, picked up the cigarettes from beside the cup. He lit one, sat, and folded his legs under him.
“I need to tell you about Egypt, John. But I have to go back before that, so that you’ll understand why I never told you.”
“Watson, come in.” Billingsly stood and gestured to his desk chair. “I've got the message up on my computer. It’s still encrypted. Needs your code. Sit here and download the thing. I’m going to the mess tent. Take as long as you need.”
But it was Molly, and Sherlock was terrified and breathless through the whole ordeal. He had the presence of mind, however, to curse the paramedics thoroughly for their tardiness when they finally showed up. Chastened, they admitted that Dr. Watson had done everything necessary. They examined a white-faced but smiling Molly and declared the crisis over. They examined a red-faced and squalling baby-boy Lestrade and pronounced him slightly premature but stable.
“See if you can make him stop that racket,” she pleaded.  “I don’t know how much longer I can stand this, I really don’t. I know he’s worried, but that goes on and on, and he’s not eating enough to keep a bird alive.”
“Please, God, let me live.” That was still fresh in John’s mind. The dull thud of mortars. The screams of the wounded. The smell of fuel and blood. The gurgling from the torn throat of the woman on the ground in front of him. Civilian casualties were the worst. He knew he was losing her, and she was clutching one of his arms. She knew it too. Then it felt as if someone had hit him with a cricket bat. No pain, just impact. Then the blood spurted up from the artery in his shoulder. Bit not good, indeed. Please God, even if I don’t really believe in you, maybe you’re there. Let me live.
Mycroft sighed. Lestrade had decreed two-on-two American football in the park as a new addition to their Thanksgiving tradition as an after-dessert activity. He looked down at his calf leather Grenson Albert wing-tips, already smirched with dirt and leaf mold. In for a penny. He entered his Mind Palace to check the proper stance from the Army Navy game he had attended once with the American Ambassador many years ago near Baltimore. He cocked his arm back and let fly. Somewhat to his surprise, the ball spiraled through the air, straight and true.
“Number five, John. A quarter of the pack already gone. Speaking of funerary goods, did I ever tell you about that smuggling case in Egypt? I recovered the most beautiful death mask. Onyx with turquoise and gold eyes. A small thing, probably for a child. Beautiful, fragile. Ironic, isn’t it, how even the most fragile artifacts can outlast us in the end.”
“She sent you a letter.” He reached into his jacket and pulled out an envelope. Sherlock took it. Heavy, cream stationary. Wax seal. Crest. Interesting.
Home. John smiled a bit grimly. Next year they would all be home in Baker Street. He would see to that.
“You’re fussing more than enough to include me, Sherlock dear,” she had said. “You’re not carrying a 25 pound turkey down those stairs.” He had offered, of course. “Besides,” she continued, poor Molly and Greg won’t be here for the turkey either.”
“You’re blocking the door, mate." Lestrade looked rumpled, like he’s just gotten off a plane. Which he must have done. "God, John, I’m so sorry. Feel like it’s my fault for putting McClary onto Sherlock. Or Sherlock onto McClary. How’s he doing?”
“Yes, we, John. You’ve been a great help, even while unconscious. Talking to you helped. I usually talk to the skull, but Mrs. Hudson confiscated it when I hid cigarettes there. She’s trying to persuade me to stop smoking.”
“We were sitting on the back veranda of the guest house, looking out over the water. She must have ordered the whiskey and Dunhills while I was showering. We both almost died at the camp. Adrenaline. Sex and death. Always connected. I don’t know why both Irene and my brother assumed I was a virgin. Mycroft’s surveillance wasn’t as thorough back in the days when I was fucking and using. Anyway.”
He returned to the bench and sat down again. This was really excellent tobacco. Nicotine stimulates glutamate as well. Glutamate enhances memory, so not only does smoking one cigarette remind you forcibly of how good they have been in the past, but also of the memories linked to cigarettes in the past.
“I see Mycroft left you his super-secret number. He must have liked you. Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
Hope chuckled. “This is a risk. I love this part. You don’t get it yet, do you? Even you, the great Sherlock 'olmes.”
“I brought us both a beer.” He set John’s down on top of the headstone. Newcastle Brown. John liked darker ales in autumn. Sherlock preferred wine and Irish whiskey, but he still kept beer in the fridge and avoided thinking about why. He put his on the broad wood arm of the bench, took out the cigarettes, and lit one. Number seven. He took a long drag, then a sip of the beer.
John hesitated, torn between a desire for privacy and a desire for support. Where was Harry? How bad was it? Did he want the Holmes brothers involved? What would he have wanted if Sherlock, the man he was partnered with but just barely getting to know, was the one in the hospital bed?
,” Sherlock said. “John, they were for a case.” Well, John thought, fair enough. Sherlock had said something about body parts in one of his emails.
“Do you mind if I go into the study to read it?” He looked at his friends. His son. His son. He had confessed so much. But he needed to read this alone.
“What do you want, John? Some repentance for my drug use? A mea culpa that I had the temerity to choose a somewhat less painful death than Mycroft had allowed for me? You won’t get it.” He was tired of walking on eggshells around John Watson.
Captain John H. Watson. Sherlock looked at the birth date. Eight years older. Medical degree from  the University of London, residency at Barts Hospital. Royal Army Medical Corps. Currently stationed with the Third Medical Battalion, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Afghanistan. Sexual preference: none listed. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at that last one. Did that mean that he was asexual or pansexual? If so, why not list? Or did it mean that he had taken a Lucky Dip?
Indeed, he thought. He snatched the I.D. and receipt, crammed both into a trouser pocket, and left the restaurant clutching his tea with both hands. Willing his hands not to shake. What did it matter, after all?
John took the last sip of whisky. Well, he couldn't say that he hadn't drawn an interesting partner. Married to his work? That didn’t actually clear up the question about his sexuality, but it did seem to make it clear that he didn’t think it was worth discussing. That implied John was free to forget about it and have whatever relationships he wished, so it was ideal from his point of view. Maybe the Lucky Dip had been lucky after all. At some point, it sounded like they would actually end up living together. If they could figure out a way for John to remain on active duty during during part of the year, he liked the idea of living in London for the other part. He found the idea of being Sherlock’s in-house, casual consultant on forensics intriguing. He read over the bluey again. Experiments? What kind of experiments exactly?
"How is she?" John asked feeling her forehead and feeling how warm she was Molly gave an apologetic smile
"What is in that box exactly Sherlock?" Mycroft asked him Sherlock sighed looking over at the box that sat on the stool next time "Something important to what happened to me and Serina that thing that only the three of us knew." Sherlock said to him he wanted to be sure it was kept quiet in case Moriarty had bugged the phone and did not yet know though he doubted that Moriarty would do this and not know what was inside.
Mycroft and Sherlock are at each others throats, John and Irene are plotting things out, and we get a first look at Katherine March
Sherlock sat in the basement of the apartment building he had instructed Lestrade too, at a large wooden table that rested his elbows on the table with his chin against his hands that were folded in front of him, a cell phone sat on the dead center of the table and Sherlock watched it like an angry animal would at the human who so stupidly had angered it. the phone finally went off and it hadn't even finished it's first ring when he answered it
“Hello Auntie Irene,” Rosie said happily Irene smiled back at her taking off her overly large sunglasses, so she could see her better
"No no he won't come on." Sherlock hurried back to the waiting cab and put Katherine in Sherlock looked up at the clock tower, Big Ben seemed much brighter than it had before Katherine's friend.
"I don't like her," Rosie said bluntly as she took a piece of carrot and began to carefully cut it so she could add it to the project
"Don't worry, if he knows what's good for him he'll never strike you again." the look of disgust on Mycroft's face alerted Sherlock that he at least cared a little for his niece, there wasn't a possibility that he didn't know that Moriarty was capable of hurting a child.
“Remind me the next time I babysit to take you out for ice cream.” Sherlock said with a slight wink as he stood up to leave Rosie smiled sleepily and rolled onto his side
it was hours later when the cab finally pulled to a stop, Katherine was asleep in her father's arms John smiled a bit
"How did you get out of those ones?" Moriarty asked frowning Katherine looked up at him with large round blueish green eyes that were very much her fathers, John also noticed her black curls that reached her chin he noted that she probably also got those from her father but aside from that and her pale skin tone she was her mothers daughter, the freckles that scattered her cheeks, the round innocent face that looked up with a fearful glance
"I'm with my friend Ben, you remember him right?" Katherine asked Sherlock racked his brain quickly she had three boys named Ben in her class but what would they be doing here?
John saw the spark of worry in Sherlock's eyes just for a brief instant but after Sherlock inhaled a bit he invited Mrs. Hudson in to sit down with some of the tea that he had John reheat Sherlock then took his cellphone and disappeared outside.
John got into his car and sat there for a moment, letting his racing heart slow down just a bit as he looked out his window at the woman who had gotten it to start beating so fast to begin with. After the incident last week at Rosie's play where apparently the woman he had been flirting with thought yet again that he and Sherlock were a couple he hadn't really thought much of it, it was such a common thing now that every time he debated on dating again that someone started a rumor that he and Sherlock were a couple and after several interrogations where John decided that Sherlock was telling the truth and that it wasn't him he was always baffled by how people could just assume such a thing.
"No more purposely setting off experiments in the classroom to go home early or get out of detention." Sherlock added Katherine nodded the more the list of the demands was made the more John questioned whether or not it was actually a good idea or not, Katherine very much so seemed her father's daughter in more ways than one but none the less Katherine agreed to every demand that Mycroft and Sherlock threw her way until it was finished off with the most normal statement of "Not letting her grades suffer"
“Mariah,” Irene called recognizing Tiffany and her friend as she approached both women going a little paler at the sight of her drawing both gentlemen’s attention John was instantly drawn to Rosie though hurrying over to her
The two brothers looked up and Sherlock picked up the phone to read the text message that had been sent to him.
"It's not like I'm letting her poke one of the bodies." Molly argued removing the slide and replacing it with another one of tissue from a human eye that Katherine picked out and slipped it under the microscope next
"it's so strange," John pointed out watching him "you and a child, it doesn't seem natural." John said getting out of the cab Sherlock followed suit holding Katherine to him until he took a look at their surroundings, he hadn't been paying attention until now but they were no where near 221B and now that both he and John realized it, it was far too late.
"I've got a source that told me that you were studying a case for Mycroft then, you don't have her wedding ring any where in your room and that's certainly not something that you throw out or sell when she dies, and the letters as precaution just in case the worst was to happen." Irene said as if it were absolutely obvious.
"With out a seconds hesitation or regret." Sherlock replied Moriarty paused and Sherlock hit Mycroft with a pillow to keep him from grabbing him and the phone.
"and now having to get to her before Moriarty and Mycroft there's no doubt in my mind that they'll figure it out quickly as well, Katherine is smart enough to be able to avoid them for a while but she won't be able to do it for long." Sherlock told John
"Your uncle Mycroft has said there are conditions that the both of us must follow though, firstly no more running away from home." Sherlock started Katherine nodded eagerly
The words echoed loudly in John's head and he turned around to Lestrade who had been heading back to his squard car "Sherlock's near here." he said suddenly this alerted Lestrade a bit
thank you guys so much!! I can't believe it two chapters in one night and i'm already up to 128 hits (i had 97 in the first hour and nearly had a heart attack!!) I'll keep updating as much as I can but I only have so much planned out so if you want to give any suggestions leave a comment also i'd like to apologize for my lack of punctuation where it is needed, I'm still working on that because no one could ever explain to me where a period or a semi colon goes and if anyone says "at the end of a sentence/thought" i'm gonna scream because it just frustrates me to no end. But thank you for everything any advice someone has is golden
Katherine stayed in the phone booth for a while, looking around at her surroundings what could she do to find her dad, avoid Moriarty, and not get caught by her uncle? the phones were tapped she knew that so she couldn't call anyone else. she looked down at the wallet she had swiped from one of Moriarty's guards she had to stay in the area hiding wasn't going to be a problem as far as she could think she could just stay in the phone booth until someone else needed it. Katherine sat on the floor and waited anxiously now regretting giving John her picture.
"That was fun!" she giggled and Molly laughed as she started to show Katherine pictures and started to educate her on the different parts of the human eye in which the little girl genuinely seemed excited John smiled and shook his head putting down a file as he got a text message and read it to himself
"oooh getting a little rough aren't we? I think I like daddy sherlock." Moriarty said with a wink "but don't forget I have friends." he said pointing back to where John and Katherine were, when Sherlock looked several red dots were trained on both John and Katherine upon further inspection there were several on him to. Moriarty grinned as Sherlock released him
Oh no, this was not going to work. Rosie was not going to let this blonde woman with the false smile and fake boobs thread her father along when the love of his life sat just a few feet away obviously restraining himself as usual.
The Holmes brothers got into a shouting match which snapped John back to reality he sighed a bit and took a spoon banging it on his tea cup to create a noise that shut the both of them up
"Sherlock do you honestly believe I would hurt a small child?" he asked hurt in his voice but Sherlock saw through that easily his fists clenching and unclenching from the frustration of Mycroft and the psychopath that held his daughter's life in his heartless, blood stained hands.
"Moriarty has some heavy leverage over him and Mycroft that's causing them to work together to do crimes." John explained Irene nodded a bit bringing the tea cup to her lips and taking a sip of it leaving a ruby red lipstick stain on the cup. John watched her for a moment, he could tell she knew something he didn't something she was keeping to herself, he knew from the spark in her eyes. after a moment of silence between the two where John finally decided she wasn't gong to tell him until he asked her he let out a frustrated sigh
"Katherine?! KATHERINE!" it was then he had realized what the shuffling was, she had hidden the phone! John looked back at Irene "she hid the phone so we could find it" Irene started doing calculations
Mycroft sighed "Oh." he said flatly there was a long pause between the brothers as if they were silently sending every ounce of hatred for the other through the line Sherlock heard a beep on the phone and sighed
"You can't seriously be allowing this?!" Anderson shouted as he watched Molly show Katherine how to work the microscope that was examining a piece of human tissue and helping the little one adjust it, Anderson was currently over reacting and John just sat out of the way examining some other of Molly's experiments and research
"Please?" Now John could assume it was a young girl hearing the voice being a bit more girlish "Please I need to speak with him it's real important, I don't have a lot of time."
"Hello dear! your father is just upstairs with your uncle, they're having a discussion of sorts." Mrs. Hudson told her with the elder woman came John with a tray of breakfast treats for the three of them he sat the tray on the bedside table and sat beside her
"I'm not much of a fan of hers myself." Molly admitted and Rosie looked up curiously waiting for Molly to continue, Molly paused unsure if she should tell her and in the end she began to tell her
"Oh fine, your daughter is just trying to ruin our good time though." Sharon told him John was confused and a bit upset at the way she referred to Rosie "apparently the little thing is sick," That had John's attention
that I'll have him home for bed time." Sharon told her and without another word hung up John took quite the notice as she handed him his phone back and he frowned
"I think when I get back to school I'm going to have to start seeing my therapist again." Katherine responded with a frown and John couldn't help but laugh at the completely straight face that the little one had on while saying it, the look was so purely Sherlock that he couldn't help himself. Katherine looked up at him and smiled
"a couple blocks" John thought for a minute trying to think she was a small child so judging time and distance she may have gotten out at about ten thirty, half an hour ago Irene apparently did this math as well and was taking up lines of string from the different parks to the apartment building trying to figure out where she could possibly be John continued trying to encourage Katherine perhaps to calm her down enough that she could tell them more but he heard her gasp and the other line was suddenly very quiet
Jacob March also went by another name and had managed to fool Mycroft into murdering his sister in law.
"If we find Katherine, Moriarty won't have anything to hold against them any more." John said to him Lestrade nodded a bit
"Rosie, we need to talk." John said to her Rosie listened intently though she was still playing with her cookie cutters as she did "I think it's about time that I start dating again," John told her Rosie looked up again and saw the look on his face seeing just how serious he was but she just offered him a smile and put her cookie cutters down
"So he told you?" John's head snapped up instead of Irene sitting exactly where he had left her, Moriarty now sat on Sherlock's chair a book in hand he hadn't even glanced up at John, and how John hadn't noticed him before was a little baffling.
"you're missing a vital detail in that description." Moriarty said to him with a laugh Sherlock heard what sounded like the click of a gun being loaded he racked his brain quickly before realizing
she talking about? He had been so distracted he couldn’t even tell, and Sherlock had barely spoken two words to his date, hardly looking up from his phone where he was texting and John’s paranoia had him thinking that it may have been Rosie on her emergency mobile.
"You're another friend of my dad's aren't you?" Katherine asked Molly looked a little confused as she looked at John for an explination
Mycroft hired a Nanny to care for Katherine while he worked and from the time she could read street signs on her own she had been running away and going home which to her was 221B Bakers street. This obviously would cause many problems for Sherlock and the first time she did it Mycroft accused Sherlock of kidnapping and all ties to Katherine were forbidden. But Katherine kept running no matter what Mycroft did and the Nanny had even gotten into just helping her write letters to Sherlock, when those started to be confiscated The Nanny had them addressed to Mrs. Hudson and considering she was friends with Mrs. Hudson as well it went over their heads for a while, they could take the leters from Katherine, they couldn't take them from the Nanny though. For Katherine's fourth Birthday approximately eight months ago now, Mycroft sent Katherine to a special boarding school thinking that perhaps that would get her to stop her from running away.
