"It's weird," Steve murmured, falling back into the sheets. "I've never met something that could hold me down before..."
"What?"
"Steve."  His voice cracked.  Steve had him all wrong.  Tony wasn't a good person.  He'd spent years building weapons, and never for a second wondered where his missiles were landing.  When he went to Afghanistan and saw what they were doing...
"...yeah," Steve said hesitantly, his gaze still stuck on the ceiling. "That would be great, actually."
"You want to
territory.  Who the hell did she think she was, anyway?  She was practically flirting with Steve.  Tony saw her hand touch Clint lightly and he wondered what the hell that was supposed to mean.
"Tony, who would you even be shooting at if you went over there?" asked Pepper patiently.
"Of course we trust you," Steve said, like it was obvious, like the alternative to that was terribly confusing. He tilted his head, following Tiberius' gaze. Steve turned a little pink and couldn't stop the amused smile curling onto his lips as he looked away. "And I gotta be honest. I really can't smell shit right now."
"It's lithium dioxide," said Fury.
By the time Tony was a teenager, any fondness he'd felt toward his father had evaporated in a furious rage at not being good enough.  Tony was as purposefully difficult as possible, locking himself in his room to play Black Sabbath's "War Pigs" on an electric guitar that he'd amp up to the full volume.  Howard suffered frequent "headaches" that Tony knew were hangovers, and the two of them spoke mostly through shouting over the music while Maria and Jarvis tried to calm them down.
Pepper looked up from her phone.  They were on a fifteen-minute break; Tony was sitting at the conference room table, reviewing a pack going over their stock trends.  He'd been acting completely normal and responsible and work-oriented all day. It was horrifying.
Tony pried the top of the shaft open; the metal groaned and shrieked.  He tossed the grate cover side and it clanged on the roof. Sam sighed, pulling on his night vision goggles.
"Steve, wait!" protested Tony, grabbing for his arm.  "...they're not gonna be hacking kids up at seven AM on the fourth of July.  C'mon, be reasonable here."
Frond laughed again.  She was apparently immune to all jabs and insults.  Tony found it both irritating and enviable.
--kshot... he's downtown, at the hospital... he can't walk.  Got shot in the back." Tony closed one eye and mimed shooting a gun.
Tony whined, stretching.  "No, no no no, I gotta watch Steve sing!"
for HYDRA?"
Tony looked up.  "I'm not waiting until this afternoon to eat.  Seriously.  Food," he said sternly.  His mouth twitched.  "...and
Steve saw a bag open, a collection of knives inside. It was always good to have a back up if the shield got out of his reach.
"No.  Captain America.  Now he's bonded to Stark."
"Yeah," Steve said, his mouth dry. "I guess I should have expected that."
"It wouldn't be if you hadn't spent the last month trying to dismiss your bond," muttered Natasha under her breath.  Sam shot her a look of warning. That wasn't helpful.
"Well, I know there's Sam and his VA group, but he's all the way in D.C. I don't think catching a plane to my appointment every week would be very productive," Steve said. He also didn't really like planes all that much but he didn't feel a need to tell them that.  "And I didn't rush into this conflict. I was
places. Something to do with hormones.  Steve shaved about twice a year, if that.
"Two hundred and nineth's the charm," said Tony confidently.  "Power up... I'm ready when you are."
"So when you're hungry, what do you do?"
?" cried Tony in exasperation.
. That was
"PTS-- hell, call it whatever you want.  You want to let me make you breakfast?  I can make an omelette or something," offered Tony.  He desperately wanted to do better, make up for the last two months.
"Hey.  Guys. We're here to rescue you," said Tony.
"...you are
Why would Tony, an Alpha, kneel for Steve?  Oh, I can think of a reason... >wink<
His left arm was tingling.  He reached out without thinking and rubbed the crook of his elbow, then felt surprise that he wasn't strapped down.
"Come on! Where have you been? You don't wanna miss this."
Tony slid onto a bar stool, grinning.  "This is fun." Tony was all about bright, loud atmospheres.  A gaggle of college students was playing darts across the room; on the television, a proper football game (with a checkered ball) was playing.
drank, it was... precious.  Tony rubbed his thumb on Steve's back, looking into his eyes.  Steve could never understand how important it was to feel... big.  Or maybe he could. But for Alphas, there was an added dimension. Tony had a mate to protect.  The fact that his mate didn't need protecting didn't register to him, at least not instinctually.
," said Tony sarcastically.
Because as powerful as the serum was, it couldn't make Steve not an omega.  Steve's body didn't see the bonding mark as an injury or scar, but as a normal part of him, as perfectly natural, and it had healed itself to preserve the shape of Bucky's mouth so that during Steve's next heat, Bucky would bond him again, fit his teeth into the familiar grooves and tug on his neck while rutting into him
The omega pouted. "Why? Am I not good enough for you?"
Steve's eyes flew open when Tony said he could call him Bucky. Fuck. What the actual fuck? Where the hell had
They were talking about the auction of a live human being as if it were a sports match they had all attended.  Even these omegas seemed to have grown comfortable with the idea of their status being treated this way. Clearly they thought it was perfectly normal to be traded and sold and made to fight and kept in a little roped-off pen.  Being the omegas of the elite, of the rich and powerful, all of the people here seemed well cared-for. None were sick or starving or anything like that; they were dressed in nice clothes and didn't seem sad. Yet Steve couldn't help but wonder how many had been force-bonded.  Arrangements were only made illegal, what, twenty-eight years ago? And if this conference was any indication, it was still happening, albeit more subtly than before.
Frankly he thought Steve's prayer was incredibly depressing.  It was suitable for a war prayer, he guessed, but damn, it was morbid.  Also, how dare Steve mourn Howard. It was Howard who mourned Steve. It was Howard who was always talking about Steve as "the only good thing I've ever done" and "my greatest creation" and all that shit.  And how come he'd never mentioned Steve was an omega? Did he think it was funny or something how Tony emulated him as a perfect Alpha ideal? Maybe
a spoiled tech billionaire and
Like this Steve was even more vulnerable, even more exposed. He swallowed, listening to Tony's movements intently to try and predict what was coming next.
James beamed. "Thanks!"
"I didn't tell him. He has no idea. This isn't about what you think," Steve assured him calmly. "I promise, Clint--"
Tony squeezed Steve's hands back.  They felt warm in his, or maybe his were just cold.
"Was that..." Sitwell's eyes narrowed at Tony. "Is that
"Where the hell do we go from here? Will they follow?" he breathed, more men appearing as they left the entrance. Bullets scattered over the concrete but thankfully didn't catch any of the wheels.  "How did they know we were meeting in my old apartment this morning, Nick?  ...Nick?" demanded Steve.
Steve opened his mouth to speak when a guard at the door interrupted them. Steve hadn't even noticed him walking up.
!"  She was trying to wipe sweat off of Steve's face, but Tony was blocking her, practically crawling over Steve in an effort to hide him, growling quietly.  "Okay, okay! I'll get him a blanket... stop it, don't bite me--"
"What kind of thing is that to ask a woman you just met?" she demanded, swirling her drink.
"I'm on my way," said Bucky, who spotted a Honda Accord coming to a stop at a nearby intersection.  "Stay right there, okay? But get somewhere safe. Don't worry. I'll be there in two shakes."
want you to engage, Buck," Steve said firmly as he took another corner, down a narrow street towards the garage. They'd take a bike. They could go faster on a bike. "Can you hot wire a bike?" he asked.
you, Pepper?  How could you?"
He debated whether to have a drink or slap on the suit and fly to Wakanda to shoot some insurgents.
"...do you want me to help... or...?" asked Tiberius, not willing to touch another omega's mate without permission.  "...also do you... do you want me to just wait outside and poke my head in whenever it's time for you to take your medication?"
The man shook his head, looking alarmed.  "Azabache."
"I'm not doing great..." he began.  "I've basically lost all trust in SHIELD.  Not that I had much to begin with. My mate just walked out of here without a word and I just saw the Winter Soldier shoot me and also Bucky is apparently somehow involved and maybe not even dead? And apparently we were always bonded and I just stopped feeling it because
"Tony-- Mr. Stark-- doesn't discipline Steve like because he loves him," Rhodey said patiently. "The reason Gideon left you for this is because he doesn't love you, Donner. People who love each other don't do this. Would you seriously go back to him now, after everything he's put you through?"
"Are they ever?" Phil pointed out, still wheezing with amusement
He darted off.  Pepper watched him go, then looked up at Steve.  "Was it really necessary?" she asked quietly.  "Spying on him?  He's an open book.  I don't know how much more SHIELD found out about him by planting you here.  The last thing someone like Tony needs is more trust issues.  He didn't tell anyone about his heart.  ...I want him to be able to go to people when he had problems, Steve.  James, Harry, and I have been trying for years to get earn his trust and it's an uphill battle already.  I thought we were on friendly terms with SHIELD; I've been talking to Agent Coulson for years.  I had no idea they'd go behind our backs like that."
Tony's hand on his cheek dragged his gaze back and then Steve's expression softened. "Hey." He pressed a kiss to Tony's bottom lip. "I love you too."
Their food finally came, courtesy of their soft-spoken omega waiter.  He grinned a little at Steve. "Congratulations," he said, jerking his head toward Tony.  Tony tried not to look smug, even though it gave him a sense of pride... maybe there were lots of omegas, like Christine, who would never forgive him for the separation he and Steve had had back in January and February.  But maybe he wasn't completely a lost cause. He was trying his best, at least.
"I grew up with that show," said one of the lawyer nostalgically.  "Back when it was just Boswell."
Steve opened his eyes and looked up at him. He reached up to trace his fingers along Tony's jaw, his thumb swiping over the cushion of his bottom lip. It was almost like he was pretending to consider it, when they both already knew the answer. "You may," he murmured. "Maybe try... pushing down, for a bit longer," Steve suggested tentatively. He was curious to see just how far its effects could go.
about it either.
"I'll catch up with you guys in a sec," Steve breathed and then made to walk over. The table looked absolutely manic with young, dumb energy. Sean looked like he wanted to die of embarrassment.
The slap barely registered.  Tony ached all over.  He was just glad that he was alive, that Steve was okay, that Pepper was okay... but... his arc reactor.  Only he should know how to build that.
Steve had a look on his face.  A serious one.
Steve's phone chimed and Tony watched him with undisguised curiosity.  Who the hell was texting Steve?  Everyone important was at Tony's party, downstairs.
Tony felt disappointed.  It was almost over.  On the other hand, he was feeling more stable.  He didn't want to kill every other Alpha he saw, which was nice.
"Which I appreciate but nonetheless resent," said Tony.  "...another round?"
"It's a surprise."
he thought, but it was a detached observation, as if he were thinking about someone else.  He'd never felt this, this Alpha aggression or this furious jealousy, perhaps because he'd never actually cared about anyone like this, except Pepper, who was, at least around him, apparently completely asexual.
he was. They still tried it on even then. He was something to use and then throw in the mud. Christ, Steve didn't have proper citizenship (something they rectified after the war, thank god). At least once he was a soldier, and the serum had made him big, he was
Steve swallowed Tony down with a hum, a strange thrill trembling down his spine as Tony held him there with his spent cock in Steve's mouth. He stayed there, determined to be good for Tony. When his Alpha's fingers eased away Steve slipped off, nuzzling against Tony's thigh before he straightened back up.
"I'll think about it," Steve promised her as he went to grab an apple and then moved to the seat next to her. "But I think I just need to focus on me and Tony right now.  And I played dress-up and was put on the display back in the forties and didn't like it much.  And... well, Tony."
fault, was it?
about it at the time because I didn't give a shit. I liked
"--screwing?  You guys are screwing behind my back?"
wasn't real.
Tony urged the suit to go faster, skimming over the surface of the water; he blew through the wrought iron sculpture, clipping an arm on the tip of India.  Behind him, he felt the shock waves as several drones slammed into the back of continents, not fast enough to tear through the sculpture after him.
Steve was tugging his shirt over his head.
"Do not become involved."
Steve blinked in surprise as Morgan appeared beside him and curled a hand over his forearm.
Two of his knuckles had turned a pinkish purple. It wasn't pretty. "I think Bucky punched a wall," Steve murmured, eyes still fixed on the table in front of him."I mean, I did.  I mean, Bucky did, while he was... in my body?"
Donner's eyes welled up again and he sat there for a while, choking back tears.  Rhodey waited uncomfortably, arms crossed.
Tony slipped in with a smile.  Steve was curled up in the bed, the sheets twisted around him, his face peaceful.  Tony felt a surge of affection for him.  He wanted to climb in immediately, but instead, he forced himself to go to the bathroom for a quick shower.  He had a sneaking suspicion that, regardless of how much Steve loved him, he wouldn't appreciate waking up to being smeared with engine oil.
about what they were trying to do, be my guest.  Because if the
"Of course.  One of the famous Stark New Year parties," said Stone, casting a glance around the large, airy living room, still half-buried in orchids.  Stone was a tall man, clean-shaved, who wore a pair of stylish square glasses. His suit was cream-colored and matched with a silk navy tie. But it wasn't his style that Steve noticed, or even his face, which was conventionally quite attractive.  It was his smell. He smelled completely and utterly
him to come with you and
"Her motivation is only revenge.  Simple revenge on the man who killed her parents.  The man who took your omega. But revenge, that can be a powerful motivator.  Myself, I'm a much more educated individual. I want to change the world. I don't seek revenge.  I seek only progress. That is why I'm in charge of you. My cause is pure, and noble. I don't act selfishly.  And when I give you orders, they are selfless orders. They benefit not us, but the whole world. You see?"
"Can I go to the--"
Steve whined loudly when Tony pressed behind his other ear too and the sensation impossibly intensified. And then Tony called him a
"Certainly sir."
"Are you two staying here?  Do you need some pillows or a blanket?"
Another eye roll. "I remember the time you all decided to play sardines down there. It was a nightmare. We didn't find Pinky for
"If we take down Trinity, the rest should be a piece of cake," Kerry said. "They have the most money so they'll be the hardest to take down."
He wasn't used to anyone worrying about him.
"That's the worst of it," Steve hummed and entwined their fingers together with a sleepy smile. He felt more with it than he had in days, his gaze focused despite his sleepiness as it flitted over Tony's face. "I love you too," he whispered and tilted his head up to steal a quick kiss from Tony's lips. It felt right. It felt easy. It felt as simple as breathing.
"Do you think we should do anything about the negative press, or just ride it out?" Steve asked.
Captain America! He's an Alpha!"
The woman who'd pulled away from him earlier scoffed from Steve's left. She was in a scarlet dress, her black hair done up in tight curls. She looked good but the expression on her face was foul. Steve pulled away from her to go back to the friendlier group of omegas he'd left.
"You're the crazy one," DeSoto muttered.
He went to toss it out before Karpov got mad at him for taking it in the first place.
He twisted around, onto his back, and looked up.
"--how to tie a bowtie?" demanded Charlie, striding forward to help him.  "And why do you assume I know?"
"Did you win?" he asked suddenly, softly.
"Well, get your butt out here so you can be with Steve."
do, with Bucky trying to hold him back for his own good.  Now he could do it, safely, and Bucky was happy for him, because he knew Steve had hated the limitations his body placed on him.  Now he could keep the house and have whelps and do all the normal things a normal omega would, instead of lying in bed coughing all the time.
How about going AWOL for two months, invading a sovereign nation, nearly causing a war, and endangering the public?  Huh? You wanna tell the
It was hard like this (pun not intended). Steve had to go slowly to make sure Tony didn't slip out which meant he felt every inch of him. He grunted, low in his throat, as the head squeezed inside
JARVIS muted her for a moment.  "Sir.  I have gained access to SHIELD intercoms."
"Home," echoed Tony, looking at Steve longingly.
"We only went to that conference because we were invited and we thought it would be funny," Steve said. "It wasn't something we planned. It was sprung upon us. And it was lot more... extreme in there than we had expected. So I guess we felt a need to get involved in a more extreme way."
"Pearl!  Oh, my God, Pearl, there you are!  Hey!  Pearl!  Come here, sweetie!" yelled the woman.  The man put two fingers in his mouth and whistled.  The dog ignored them and dropped the ball in front of him.
"That soldier didn't kneel," pointed out Fury, quietly.  And he was right.  That kid hadn't.
"But you're not bonded now."
Steve practically purred at the touch, happily threading his fingers into Tony's hair to press a kiss to his forehead. "Did I do okay? What does it look like out there?" He asked quietly, letting Tony tug him towards pizza. Fuck, he was starving. Steve inhaled three slices in as many minutes; he wasn't even really aware what the toppings had been. He didn't really understand why but talking about himself was exhausting. And Aria kept warning him that interviews weren't usually as nice as that. What was he going to do when they got mean?
JARVIS put Steve on hold before Steve could protest.
"Steve!" Aria hollered at him. "Where have you been?! Get up on that stage!"
Natasha got in and strapped in, frowning a little as she began flipping switches and checking meters, preparing for take-off.  "I don't get it, Steve. I heard from Clint, who talked to Phil, that when you brought him here, he was feral.  He attacked Fury. But you two had a perfectly peaceful drive over. ...around you, he's still at least partially there.  And you didn't answer my question. Not that it's my business. But I wouldn't tell Tony, if you did. ...anyway, where do you want to go first?"
"I dropped him off about half an hour ago," Happy said and blinked, moving to open the car door on automatic, but he couldn't take his eyes off of Steve. "Should I take you to hospital, Captain?"
There was a pause, then, since Steve hadn't interrupted him, Phil continued.  "Steve, you were my childhood hero. Now I've gotten to know you as a person. And people, unlike heroes, are complex.  They get angry, and sad, and hurt. And that's okay. And I'd rather be Steve Rogers's friend than Captain America’s. And I hope you realize how much that means, coming from me."  There was a small, wry bit of irony in Phil's tone. Steve
"Well, call me if that ever changes," said Tony, pulling out a business card and tucking it into Gene's front pocket.
Donner's eyes widened with a look of fascination tinged with disgust.  "He's a homo?"
"Hey, buddy, it's us, we got you," he said.
"Tony, didn't your father
"He wanted to call the baby Grant, but then it was a girl," Steve tried to explain as they piled into the back; Tony laid out on top of him.
"I hope you got something out of my class, Mr. Stark," she said with a hint of smugness.
Eight blushed and ducked their head.
"Tony?  What are you talking about?  ...we're on our way up," reported Natasha.
It was a Wednesday night, not even a weekend, but sure enough, on their way out, with Tony's hand freshly bandaged, they saw an omega helping a limping Alpha in; he was holding a pack of ice over one eye and had an expression of dazed satisfaction.  The omega's eyes widened when she saw Steve and Tony.
"Four hours, maybe," she said, leaning against the doorway of the cockpit, staring at Steve.  Her ears were turning pink.  "I can't believe I'm flying a plane with Steve Rogers.  You know that was my childhood dream?  My whole life?  To be a pilot, like you?  Wow."  She shook her head and laughed a little.  "I- I had no idea you were an omega."  Her ears flushed darker.  She bit her lip.  "Would you mind... er... if it's okay... can I have your autograph?"
"Nothing.  Where's my sister?  I have her coffee."
The armor didn't move.
The looked down at the blond and for a moment he was frozen; he had a memory, a memory of a woman saying, "
"I can handle French," Steve assured her quickly but Pepper wasn't really listening. She just had her eyes on Tony. This moment exposed how close they truly were. Though Pepper insisted on several occasions that they weren't together, but maybe they had been once? Or they would be. Steve wasn't entirely sure, but either way wouldn't surprise him. And either way their friendship was obviously a precious thing.
He felt at least a little better having read the files of Steve and Nat and Clint and Coulson and a few others.  It had been interesting, if not a little confusing.
"Thank you Buck," Steve smiled when he told him where, a strange sense of relief blossoming in his chest. He knew that Tony would be able to feel it. And he was counting on it. This was his one chance out of here. He could only hoped that SHIELD had noticed he was taken, that they'd dragged Tony into the man hunt...Natasha was a scary woman to say no to.
, have insight into Steve?" he replied.  "I only got to know him a week ago."  His frown deepened.  "I don't know what I'm supposed to say, exactly, that's not going to come off really bad.
"JARVIS.  Tell me it's not raining.  This is southern California.  It doesn't rain."
"Yes.  He was wearing armor and helping torture a man," he said.
"...which we appreciate.  However, it doesn't mean he gets to hijack Friday's press conference for his little crusade."  Malick sipped his coffee calmly.
"Now that is definitely classified," Sitwell insisted and Phil grumbled something under his breath before moving to dismantle the sofa pieces and create some kind of fort with them. Maybe he would calm down if he felt like he had some kind of shelter to sit inside.
"I want Steve to be safe from him," said Tony, one hand running down Steve's back.
"Bit early for drinking, isn't it?" asked Rhodey, nodding at the wine.  "Tony's not rubbing off on you, is he?"
"What do you mean?  Everyone loves us, we're a total power couple," said Tony.
he is." She shot him a glare back. "You're on the team now. Your welfare is our responsibility." Was there perhaps a hint of tenderness in her tone? It was hard to tell. "Get used to it."
, did he tell
"Can we have a bath? I think I want a bath," Steve said meekly, pawing at Tony's hands as if he was pandering for his permission. "You can stay inside of me. I promise. I just want a bath. Please. I'm cold. I don't want frostbite. I don't want to lose my fingers. They said I...I..." He leaned his forehead against Tony's chest and screwed his eyes shut. He was partially delirious, his mind spinning in confusion with memories from his beginning at SHIELD.
Tony forced a smile, trying to look excited.  He didn't want to trouble Steve with the whole Wakanda thing.  Steve treated every little injustice in the world like it was a personal insult, and also... Tony didn't want Steve to see him like that.  Steve had been unfrozen after Tony's turnaround. Steve had never known Tony as a war profiteer and Tony didn't want Steve to know about that side of him, or at least, not know any more than he had to.
he thought.
Wanda sighed.  "It's very hard, you know."
Tony huffed a little.  It hurt to say, so badly, but now it was said.  And he felt better that he was no longer burdened by it.
"Interview. Right. Interview. Who's it with again?"
Pepper pressed her fingers into her temples, rubbing them.  "This is our first vacation in two years and the last thing I need is to come home to bad press, Stan... the way Tony was acting back there..."  She shook her head.  Tony may have been spoiled and impulsive but he was rarely out of control.  He and Justin had, for a split second, both looked completely feral.
"You know I can hear you, right?" snarled Tony, sitting up.  His stomach flipped but so far he was holding everything down.  "What problem?"
Tony stared at Steve, every inch of him itching to ask.  He opened his mouth, then closed it, then nodded. "Right.  Squirrel," he agreed tightly.
Tony spent the following weeks and months in his shop, trying his hardest to ignore the legal storm they were currently weathering.  Steve, of course, bore the brunt of it. Subpoenas were a regularly occurring phenomena in the Stark household. Lowenstein and the five other lawyers breezed in and out at least twice a week, needing things signed, and Steve had to appear in court over a dozen times.  Project 84 was fighting back, and they often asked for Steve's testimony on the things he'd see and heard... on room 5 in the learning annex.
After getting the meeting with MI-13 out of the way, they were left to their own devices.  Tony let Steve take over the rest of their itinerary, having already seen all that he really cared about seeing.  They spent long, cold, rainy days in Piccadilly Circus, taking pictures with groups of Japanese tourists, and went to view the Crown Jewels, getting accosted by more fans and signing autographs.  It was lazy and relaxing; they spent most of their time holding hands.
Steve raised his brows in surprise. "You knew I was an O?"
He felt a lot better, and Steve felt better, too.  They were back in their own bed.  Steve was safe.  The dinner had gone well, Tony thought, and now they could just... recalibrate.  Recharge.  Take it easy.
?  Are you serious right now, Rogers?  I'm gonna work, I gotta work, I gotta finish the Mark VII--"
" repeated Tony incredulously.  "Why would he call
.  There was something very, very ominous about that.
Tony had to admit, he did not want to see the medical wing.  "Let's go check out the dorm or something... we're here to get the kids out, right...?"
"I need a drink.  C'mon, let's check out the bar... maybe we can get some more info on that auction.. they said it was in the same room, right?  Here, you take the program... I feel like I'm on drugs..." said Tony, reaching up to aggressively scratch at the back of his neck.  He couldn't wait to take the collar off. Equality aside, he could practically feel his own hackles digging into his skin. He was starting to regret coming here.  Even the friendly people, the "allies," like John and Eric, made his skin crawl. "...do you think... do you think Joan and Maria are okay? They seemed happy... can we find a way to talk to Piper?  ...why's all the omegas got such weird names? Wasn't Donner a reindeer?" asked Tony. Come to think of it, lots of omegas had weird names, like Kitty and Sunshine. Were those their actual names or...?
Dr. Gleason ignored him.  He watched the news and knew the two had been separated, but that wasn't why he was here.
"Sure.  You know what?  I'll go in jeans and a t-shirt, too," said Tony, grabbing a bar of soap.  "But go ahead and order yourself some new clothes.  I'll pay.  Do you know how to shop online yet?"
Within ten minutes Tony had created an eBay account and posted 1 kilo of "purified fibroin" for $100.  Considering a 5% solution of 20 mL was over two hundred dollars commercially, Tony felt he had set an excellent trap.  Now all he had to do was wait for someone to buy a suspiciously large quantity of spider silk and then he would have their address.  Easy-peasy.
Tony sat as close to Clint as he could on purpose, noting with some small, mean sense of satisfaction that both Steve and Natasha tensed marginally.  It might not have been conscious, but it was there.  Tony made a personal vow to get as chummy with Clint as possible.  So they all thought Alphas and omegas could all be friends?  He'd show them.  And by them, of course, he meant Steve.
It was 3:45 in the morning when Pepper's phone rang.
He pulled away with a sad half-smile, studying Steve's sapphire-blue eyes, one hand still cupping his cheek.  "I never thought I'd end up bonded. Not in a million years. But every time I see you or smell you, I just... it's like I fall in love all over again.  It's incredible. I'm so glad to have you back, Steve. I'm never gonna let you go again."
I've got to always, you know, act like it wasn't a big deal, laugh it off.  I told people it was
"Well, this one has crushed nuts, that's close," said Wanda, picking up a cup.
"Have fun, guys.  I'm serious, Steve!  Learn some cool positions!" hollered Tony.
"Yes, yes, I got it," said Pepper.  "Have you two eaten breakfast yet?"  She glanced into the kitchen, did a double-take, and then her eyes widened at the mess in the kitchen.  "...did you... did you make pancakes?"
"It was a very nice speech," conceded Justin smoothly, shouldering Pepper out of the way and taking a step forward.  His hands were still casually in his pockets, but he and Tony were standing far too close to each other.  "But not grounded in reality, if you want my opinion.  Statuses are an inherent part of a person's biology.  Omegas
"No, seriously, what's in there?  Is that the collar you two decided on?" asked Pepper, pointing to the coffee table.
Tony slunk out of the kitchen toward the main stairs.  Ty’s eyes narrowed and he followed the other man’s movements.  Ty's scent hit Tony all over again when he walked into the room and it turned his stomach.  He slipped upstairs without a word, not wanting to talk to any of them, worried he'd just end up sticking his foot in his mouth again or blurt something out to Ty that would lead to another confrontation.  He’d had enough confrontations for the day; the talk with Pepper in the kitchen had certainly taken the wind out of his sails.
"Steve," he said calmly. "You didn't consent."
Steve walked across the street as the car stopped at the zebra crossing and then turned on his heel and got into the passenger seat. He didn't even look across at him. He didn't need to, to know who it was.
"Oh thank God you're dressed," she said when she saw Steve.  She was speaking a little too quickly.  "Mendez, put that swan into the second living room, please!  ...no, not
Steve sighed.  “I’ll send the board a message to let them know you’re stuck in traffic,” he said reluctantly.  “...and I’m
Phil squeezed his hand. "It was my pleasure."
going to say the "L" word again.  No, no, no, no, no.  He would not.  He wasn't sure what the hell his body was doing; he wasn't sad, but he was struggling not to cry; the intensity of his emotions was hitting him harder than he'd ever been hit before. He was tempted to ask Steve if he knew what was going on, but didn't dare.  He didn't want Steve to know the depths of his ignorance, and besides, Steve wouldn't know, either. Steve was just as naive as he was.
I meant to ask T’Challa if you were going to bring Bucky but I had a million other things to plan with him so that kind of got forgotten… I know he’s still in cryo right now but T’Challa said it might not be for too much longer, I’ve offered to loan you guys my B.A.R.F. tech to help with whatever rehabilitation is necessary, I hope it helps. I don’t really have anything against Barnes at this point, it took a little while but, its really not his fault and I couldn’t hold it against him without feeling like a supremely shitty person. So yeah, I’m not really worried about seeing him, the only thing I’m concerned about is the political crap that comes with having him there but that’s also not his fault and we’re dealing with it.
Sam and Bucky show up next, bringing beer and chips. They both prod at Steve, speaking to him semi-quietly, which is annoying because Tony kind of wants to know what they’re saying. He’s quickly distracted however, by the arrival of Wanda and Vision, who are the last guests to arrive. Things are still, awkward, around the two of them, especially with JARVIS back to running the house. But it’s not too weird and honestly it could be a lot worse so he’ll take it. It’s not a huge gathering, he’s not sure if Scott (that’s his name, right?) was invited. Probably, seeing as Pepper and JARVIS organized everything and they’re not that rude, but the man has a family and probably a day job so Tony’s not surprised he’s missing. Peter was not invited because as much as Tony likes the kid, he’s 12 and it’s a school night. T’Challa was invited but was far too busy to make the trek, which he thinks is more than fair. He’s not about to abandon his duties for a Halloween party halfway across the world. He had called though and they’d had a nice chat about the state of affairs. Shuri had been in the background, annoying her brother and showing off some new tech. At any rate, there’s enough people around that it’s not depressing, and not so many that Tony has to put on any sort of fake mask, other than the one he almost always wears anyways. It’s nice to have people he likes around, it’s good to have Barnes back, at least for Steve’s sake. He still keeps his distance, just because he’s forgiven him doesn’t mean he’s comfortable around him, but he’s polite, and tries to just let everyone enjoy themselves without interfering too much.
Steve's pre-heat interview wasn't scheduled for another week.  They had all made the assumption that Steve probably cycled every six months.
a sap. I think, personally, that you've always been a sap."
friends?" blurted Tony.  "Did you ever really like me, Steve?  If there weren't any Avengers, would me and you... would you care?"
"Tony, that had better not be a double-ended dildo or-- or some other weird thing!" said Pepper.
Having no food for (how long?  Two days?  Three?  ...more?) a while had left him utterly disoriented.  His blood sugar had long-since crashed, his body's metabolism blazing through what little stores it had, and the excitement of getting out of the cell had put into focus just how weak he felt.
He didn't realize he had frozen, gotten lost in the memory, until the lights flickered in the lab.  He looked around. The sun had set and JARVIS was turning on the lights for him. Tony realized his music had stopped playing at some point; maybe he'd told JARVIS to stop it; the only sound was his heavy, ragged breathing.  His hackles were spiked and had been for a while; the back of his neck ached from the muscles being tensed for so long.
"Yeah!  Yeah, she's in the field but I already let her know, as soon as she's back in the States you can meet her, and--"  Clint swiped furiously at his eyes. "--and I got a place for us and-- and so many people for you to meet, Barney."  Tears were streaming down his face. "And stop grabbing my hair and yanking me around. I have a hearing aid now, I can hear you fine, I don't gotta read your lips."
He rose off Steve a little to look out the window.  Ah.  The road was running along a chain-link fence and, beyond it, Tony could see the long runways and taxiways of the airport, the hundreds of yellow and blue and white and red lights creating an artificial, eternal day along the tarmac.
George nodded and began tapping in Gene's number.
Dum-Dum gave him a wink, his cheeks rosy. "You got it, Cap'n."
This fucking forced monogamy.  I haven't touched a woman since May!  What the hell, Steve? You're allowed to double-bond, and I can't even fool around?  I get that you have an image to protect and I've been nothing but supportive of that, but enough's enough!  When do I get to start fooling around again?" He stalked back and forth, body tense, screaming at him for relief.  "None of this is fair, I didn't ask to be dragged into SHIELD, I didn't ask to meet you, all I wanted to do was to just be Iron Man and I didn't even ask for that, either, I just wanted to drink and party and fuck beautiful women and I got dragged into all this covert government and omega civil rights stuff, and frankly I think I've been handling it really well, but I'm not going to let you cuckold me, Buckold me, whatever.  If I can't have a mistress then you can't have another Alpha. It's not fucking fair."
"That would be lovely," Pepper said with a tired smile.
." Pepper urged. It didn't help that Steve was Tony's type to a T-- blonde and fiery and with a sharp dress sense. God. Keeping them apart would be hell. How many hours was this flight?
"Kind of a major security issue, if a HYDRA agent is smelling like Barnes," said Natasha.  "And you realise that makes
Slowly, she brought a hand up to her ear.  "Wilson. They hit Steve with an inducer."
He blinked and reached up to scratch his left arm violently, but he only ended up breaking an already-short nail on the metal.  He flexed the fingers, gritting his teeth in annoyance against the phantom itching.
"My father never thought I was an especially good Alpha.  Maybe he was right. He was certainly a lot more dominant than me.  Maybe that's why they did it."
mawt!"
But it felt like the most natural thing in the world, the way they were standing.  Tony never wanted to move again.  This was how pair-bonded Alpha-omega teams stood and it was incredibly comfortable, incredibly
"They are," Gleason hummed, returning to his side with a rather menacing-looking syringe. Steve hadn't admittedly taken in everything that he'd said. He'd been too caught up in the article, his eyes a little red around the edges. All he grasped was that that syringe was going into the back of his neck.
Those three things were all that mattered but he didn't even know where to start.  He kept his head down and walked briskly, avoiding people, all too aware of the blood all over his face and leg.  He keeled over a few times, ducking into alleys to clutch his stomach and retch a little.
"Love you too," he said, automatically.
"The other soldiers, I swear, I don't know anything, I don't even work with the specimens, just samples, they all came from Siberia or Lehigh--"
Beth leaned over to flick on the radio; of course they were discussing Steve.
"...where do the omegas come from?" asked Tony.
von Strucker said nothing to this.  "...what are your orders?"
Wanda cocked an eyebrow.  "You still think of him?"
"He's really tried his best," Steve hummed. "He's taking this seriously." He sounded proud, and he was. Immensely so. It didn't matter to Steve if Tony passed or failed - he had his approval regardless. He and Natasha made small talk while Tony was briefed on the day's schedule and was shoved various forms, which he signed with a flourish and without reading.  ("That's what I pay Pepper for," he said when Agent Hill asked him if he wanted to check what he was signing.  Steve cringed a little.)
. He shook Tiberius's hand after the hug and said his goodbyes. Then Steve turned to Tony and placed his hands on the other's shoulders.
the Winter Soldier.
"JARVIS, tell Tony he needs to call his armor off of Steve."
!  Both of you!  No jeans, no t-shirts!  Steve, wear your uniform, this is a business meeting and there's already a dozen news vans staking out the place..."
"You have the right to stand up for yourself, Steve," Aria shrugged. "Being polite doesn't mean being a pushover." She glanced downstairs, pressing her lips together. The crowd hadn't let up. "Are we ready to brave it again?"
"Also a hopelessly outdated practice.  You know we can target individual
"Whether you're mad at him or not, you two are still bonded.  Bonds don't break."
Steve blinked and smiled, feeling oddly touched. "Thanks," he murmured. "That's real sweet Donner."
Natasha slid the door closed after she'd board and slipped away to the front, straight into the cockpit, giving them privacy oh-so-subtly just in case they wanted any. Right now Steve just really wanted water and a bed. He felt like he was ready to sleep for about twelve hours.
"STARK!"
"It was," said Fury.  His voice was surprisingly gentle without any of its usual anger.  "Give Steve one of your guns.  Rogers, when we stop, you get on that train and you don't look back.  Head to the airport, get a plane ticket, and get the hell out of here.  Understand?  You
"I hope you didn't have too much trouble finding us.  Brendan's is huge, isn't it?"
"I was told we were protecting him," offered Rumlow.  "...don't want another Yemen incident, after all."
"But--"
Tony wasn't kidding about crashing.  Within the first ten minutes of the movie he'd closed his eyes, letting the alcohol drag him down into a deep, dreamless sleep.  He was barely conscious when he cuddled up to Steve.  It wasn't a purposeful action; Tony craved Steve's warmth, his smell, the texture of his skin.  He wasn't thinking about what it meant, what anything meant.  He just knew it felt good and that the last forty-eight hours had been an emotional war for him.  He needed the serenity that came from being close to Steve, from holding him, and being held.
. "So it doesn't really...."
"Nope."
"You'll want to take a break, trust me."
The first therapy session was not good. The man was old, hitting his sixties, and talked to Steve like he was a child who didn't understand what end a gun fired out of. It was clearly about Steve's status, but he didn't say it. Steve remained polite through out the entire thing and took a number to set up a second appointment he had no real intention of making.
He held out the syringe to Steve.  "You can do it yourself, if you want," he offered.
"Nope," said Tony quickly.  He felt a weird pang in his stomach and glanced at Steve.  He was pretty sure.  ...right?  He was busy, too busy for a child.  He was a drunk, like his father.  He and Steve had dangerous lifestyles.  And Steve couldn't get pregnant, he was Captain America, he was a soldier, and--
"He can't walk properly either," Vim called out and Trickshot glared.
Tony was still whining loudly.  He did not appreciate having his anniversary interrupted by business.  Even Aria and Pepper had been giving them space; why wouldn't Fury just leave them alone?  Besides, Tony loathed anything undercover, any missions he wasn't going to get acknowledged for.  Tony's style was loud and public and he expected to be cheered on afterwards. His was the exact opposite of Natasha's; Tony had made it evident that one of his major driving motivations was praise and attention.  Once that was removed, Tony became far less interested in whatever favor was asked of him.
"They've found a way to exploit the bond," Sam said after a beat of quiet.
"The fact that they wrote your status out of history," Arcadia said. "That was awful Steve."
He and Natasha took up a proper sparring routine again; he and Sam found a running schedule that worked for them, when Sam was in town.  Now that Tony knew Sam's 'type' he was less bothered by his singleness. Not that had really ever come up since their honeymoon period. Coulson mentioned missions in the future but there weren't any now and Steve was growing restless. They had left him out of New Mexico; he didn't want to be left out of whatever happened next.
"We couldn't afford that kind of stuff," Steve said quietly, looking up as Tony walked over to the fridge. He was currently drinking straight out of an orange juice carton himself. "Because I didn't get heats properly I probably would have never gotten pregnant, or if I had, the chance of survival would have been... That life was never an option for me. It made me feel inadequate, but it was also never really what I wanted."
been dying and a guy should really get a mulligan when it came coming face-to-face with one's impending, inevitable mortality.)
And then underneath they had a direct quote: "
, like trying to tell one thing from another?"
"C'mon, I bet Banksy's party will last all night long... what's another ten or fifteen minutes?" he asked into Steve's thigh.  There was something very sexy to him about these role reversal, Tony on his knees and naked, Steve standing over him, arms crossed, looking both amused and exasperated.  Unlike Tony, Steve was usually on time.
Steve had been sitting on the ground for a while, phone in his hand, staring.  Who knew how much time had passed.
Steve didn't say it because it felt weird, but he did it more for Fury than anyone else... Nick's approval meant a lot more to him than he would ever admit out loud. But the fact that he did all this for Clint was a testament to the man's character. Nick Fury was a good egg, even with all his shouting and deadly one-eyed stares.
Like he had.  Ha
The back of his neck throbbed in agreement. Steve swallowed.
. He never stuffed it into his mouth; he just sort of... inhaled it. "They made it sound pretty final when I was in hospital."
"...maybe I should... should just distance the bond.  Let Bucky have him," said Tony shakily, staring down at the phone.
"Yeah, no thanks."
Tony's eyes lit up with interest and he walked toward the den; Pepper grabbed his arm.  "Don't. That's his."
"Just got home this morning," Steve said. "I realised we hadn't talked in a while. How are you?"
Brennan sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose.  "Have you ever been in a situation where you're feeling low and you can't talk to Tony about it because he's inebriated?"
He could feel Steve's guilt and knew Steve probably felt responsible.  But what omega was
He was already trembling, on the very edge of coming undone.  He was pounding
Steve was quiet for a while and lifted a hand to rub at his face, perhaps even rubbing away tears. He sniffed. "That's...I think that's the sweetest thing you've ever said to me," he whispered and a strange, warm sensation tugged at his chest. And he didn't mean that in a bad way; he wasn't implying that Tony should have said all that sooner. It just meant a hell of a lot that he was saying it now. Steve moved to sit up, leaning his arms on his knees as he ran his fingers through his hair.
Tony. They might be trying to recreate the serum in there and we need to know how close they're getting.  They might have records of the Winter Soldier that could lead us to him.  They might have contact information for other bases that we could use to-- look, there's a ton of intel there, and tt could  be anything. We are not just blowing it up. And I'm not going in there by myself, Tony, I'll have an entire
Steve was shaking. Perhaps it was from the starvation but it was mostly from upset. "Buck!  Please... don't make this harder than it already is. I'm trying to save you."
.  He scrambled to make the situation less serious.  "...almost as much as me."
Pietro made a derisive sound.  "We'll never be like that, Wanda.  Forget it." He flopped back into the sand moodily.  Wanda continued to watch the omegas playing. They were probably their age, in their late teens, and Wanda envied them.  She would have loved to join but she'd probably only end up popping the ball. Pietro was right. They weren't normal and they'd never live carefree little lives like that.
Kerry smiled.  "Yes. I suppose so.  Are you two planning to be present?"
Almost immediately, Steve heard gunfire; he and Carter ducked.
"I brought you some food," said Tiberius.
be happening. Steve was powerless. He was wearing fucking yoga pants and trainers. He couldn't even breathe properly. His limbs felt heavy, too heavy too move, and he blinked blearily. This couldn't be happening. This couldn't be real. He tried to flinch away but he could barely move. Gideon's hand was clammy and cold. He hated it.
Under the table, Tony found Steve's hand and gently squeezed it.  Steve's expression was neutral but his fists were clenched under the table.
Tony forced himself to sit down, even though his skin was crawling.  He felt jittery, like he'd had too much coffee.  His leg jiggled impatiently; he was finding it hard to sit still.
Rex beamed and the audience chuckled.
"And...at the end of the day." Steve ran his long fingers through Tony's hair. "We'll still come home together." He nipped at his bottom lip. "And I'll still kneel for you. Do whatever you want, for
?  ...I want it now.  I slept the whole plane ride, I'm not tired.  Show me now," he insisted. The idea of starting off his day with some wild sex and then spending the rest of it getting every spa treatment known to man sounded perfect to him.
Clint remained silent for a long time.
"Oh, Lord, he's going to get syrup all over the couch," moaned Pepper.
"Shit," Clint whispered.
..." Steve said with an awkward groan.  In his day, no Alpha would dare ask an omega that wasn't theirs such a personal question. "But it's like a 3% chance, right? Not a big deal."
There was a pause.
years old--"
like him.  They were separate people.
"People are saying it was arranged.  That, like, the government sort of... orchestrated it," explained Tony.
In the studio, Phil was doing the exact opposite.  Even though Steve had asked him to leave, he walked in and slid down to the floor next to Steve.
"Tony!" Steve huffed and leaned his head back, heeks tinging a little pink at the question. He couldn't disagree. Sure, the heat was over but that was definitely what Steve wanted to go and do. It had left him feeling frustrated and unsatisfied, especially after that man had gotten away. But he didn't want to admit it out loud, especially in front of their doctor.
Lydia looked at him sympathetically. Steve hated it. And he still couldn't work out what she was. Maybe she hid it like Tectontic did, with suppressants? Seemed strange, for someone who sold collars...
Gleason nodded and walked around, frowning a little as he peeled back the bandage to study his neck.
Eric rolled his eyes.  "Oh, please, it's not like
line of coke to help wake me up."
Mackenzie appeared back outside. "Guys? Is there a problem?" They'd hung around for a while and Steve was obviously upset. "...what... what did he do in there exactly?"
"What do you mean you
It looked like Natasha and Tony were losing it at the bar a little.
"A drama queen?"
And close himself up he did.  He had calmly walked down to the shop and locked himself in, and a half-hour later, JARVIS had calmly stated that Mr. Stark requested Captain Rogers's removal from the premises, along with all SHIELD personnel and anyone else not directly employed by Mr. Stark.  That was it. No fanfare, no tantrum. Just a dismissal.
DeSoto was lean and muscular, with a shaved head and pierced ears.  Wearing the sleeveless shirt, Steve spotted two small, pink, circular scars on his upper arm.  On his dark skin, they stood out glaringly. They looked familiar.
"This is Happy," Steve decided to introduce him. "Tony's driver."
"You need to take care of that, or it will get infected."
He and Tony were beginning to attract a few looks, especially once they were inside the first shop. One old man looked about ready to have a heart attack. Steve offered him a small nod and a polite smile.
The man's demeanor had changed to one of terror.  "What the
"What?"
"It's all about control with you, isn't it?"
One of the photos was older, dog-earred, faded.  A candid shot of a man leaning out of a window, smoking and lost in thought, shirt unbuttoned, a pair of dog tags around his neck.  "Who's that?" demanded Tony.
"You can't get drunk?" asked Tony, watching Steve check his phone.  He chased a bite of food around his plate.  "...when Fury said you can't pair-bond... did he mean... I mean, you
"You-- you said you work with him  What are you guys, like mascots or something?  Is that why you're dressed like Captain America?" asked Trickshot.
Her eyes were shockingly green.  Contacts?
And if anyone noticed the marks on the back of Steve's neck no one said anything about it.
The Dora Milaje were absolutely frickin' awesome, in Steve's opinion.
"I got it."
"I would never get rid of Steve.  Ever. I distanced our bond, once, and it was the worst feeling in the world.  I'd never do that again. I'm only asking about where bad omegas go because I want to know where Ash and Tricky went.  ...heck, maybe if I got one to help around the house and show Steve the ropes, it would improve our relationship."
He doesn’t meet Steve’s gaze and grumbles at his work bench. “What if I don’t want to.”
“Oh,” Yup he doesn’t know any other words.
Rogers,
I swear these bots are going to be the death of me, I don’t know how but if I die in my lab one day it was them and don’t say I didn’t warn you. DUM-E made me another one of his inedible smoothies today, he tries, he really does but he keeps forgetting that humans can’t digest motor oil, and that wrenches don’t go in the blender. Butterfingers nearly set the lab on fire trying to put one of my blowtorches away and U sprayed half the lab with the fire extinguisher because it panicked. I gave up on work for the day and just came upstairs. Come to think of it they might’ve done that on purpose. I’ve been down there for a few days and I probably haven’t been eating much. I’d be more annoyed but honestly, I’m really tired and I may pass out right here.
“Bucky’s rehab is almost done so I’m going to stay in Wakanda for another week or two but I was planning on, well more hoping to, come back to New York?” It comes out as more of a question than a statement.
“Tones, I know how many contingency plans you’ve made, that’s not what you’re really worried about is it?” Rhodey’s tone is soft, not accusatory, but he’s not going to let it go, not like he has every other time they’ve had this conversation.
Steve chews his lower lip, it takes him a moment to respond, “I’m still sorry, I should’ve known better.” Tony starts to roll his eyes but Steve gives him a significant look. “I didn’t know coming back would be this hard on you and I’m sorry.” He looks down at his hands for a moment, clasped in his lap. He looks penitent. “Is there anything I can do to keep this from happening again?”
Steve – Thank you
Haven’t heard from Thor since Ultron but that’s kind of what I expected. Haven’t heard from you either. I’m not sure where Wanda and Vision are, I could probably find them but, they deserve some privacy after everything. I know where Wilson is but I doubt he’ll be speaking to me any time soon… What I’m trying to say is that I miss the team. I’m still working on getting the rest of you pardoned, which means I’ll probably have to tell you about that. Not sure where I am on that front, how I feel about it. I’m trying not to think about it.
Steve’s responding smile is so incredibly gentle, hopeful and bright in the most beautiful way. Tony doesn’t remember the last time he saw a smile that beautiful, Tony doesn’t remember when he started thinking Steve was beautiful again, but he lets those thoughts wash away, drift downstream. Now is not the time, now is the time to savor the moment, to bask in that light once more, feel the strength of it and rejoice.
This is a little later than I would've liked but I got some awful news this weekend and not as much writing got done as I wanted. At any rate I hope you enjoy this chapter, things will be picking up next week with a bit of deviation from the regular format!
“You resent most of the things I say to you.” Rhodey stands up and moves towards the window, “What really matters is if you can forgive him, I don’t think anyone would blame you if you didn’t.”
“Good to be back JARVIS, glad to see you back up and running as well.” Steve again, does sound completely sincere, and Tony does believe him. It had been a huge amount of effort to get him back up and running, he’d also had to ask Vision for permission and help. To be fair that’s probably part of why Vision didn’t want to come to the tower, FRIDAY being the one running the compound. It wasn’t as weird as he’d thought it might be, but Vision isn’t JARVIS, Tony never saw him that way. He’d really missed having him around. At any rate he’d gotten him code as close as he could to what it was before everything happened, it had taken him a while to recover even so. What made him JARVIS wasn’t just code, but every day he seemed a little more like himself, and that was a comfort. He hadn’t been thrilled to find out what he’d missed though, if an AI could be disappointed, and honestly JARVIS probably could be so that’s probably what he had been. He seemed to still be quite disappointed and/or angry at Steve, but that would probably change with time.
The morning starts out okay, he’s actually gotten an alright sleep and wakes up at a more reasonable hour than the previous night. There’s gentle light filtering through the windows and Tony takes a deep breath and stands up. Then the coffee maker in his room decides to destroy itself in some fit of pique and although he could probably (definitely) fix it, it’s 7:00 AM and he has no tools with him. Plus, he really just wants some coffee. Luckily, he has a vague memory of the room allocations and he knows this whole hallway of the facility had been claimed for the meetings so it’s likely that he’ll be able to bother someone nearby and grab a cup so he can actually wake up. The first door he tries yields no results, neither does the second, the third one does. Tony curses whatever deity has it out for him this morning when Steve opens the door, he’s clearly just gotten back from a morning run. They both stare at each other awkwardly for a moment before Tony gestures vaguely with his empty mug. Steve stares at him for another moment, seemingly unable to speak and wordlessly opens his door all the way to let Tony in.  Tony shuffles over to the coffee maker and begins fiddling with it.
Rhodey dragged me out of the workshop. I’m working on his armor today, I honestly would rather he not ever use it again after what happened. At least not, in defense of me or to help me... but I know he’ll get back in the game as soon as he can. It’s hard to give the suit up, believe me I, I’ve tried. Although I can’t because I can’t even consider not doing anything when things happen. I have to do something, I have to keep going. The least I can do is give him a good suit, a safer one.
“It sucks, that’s for damn sure. But we’re basically rewriting the accords here so we’ve gotta talk about what went wrong and why they sucked and why people hated them.” Steve hums noncommittally and doesn’t look up. “Look, I hate it too but its only for this weekend and then we don’t have to ever talk about it again if we don’t want to. We’ll do the press conference and then tell anyone who asks us after that to fuck right off. We just have to make it through this.” He tries to smile at Steve and mostly manages it, it feels mostly genuine which is probably a surprise to both of them.
“We should watch a movie or something,” she says, grabbing the remote, “what are we in the mood for?”
“Yeah yeah I know, wish I could J, wish I could.”
Pepper is trying to convince me to put plants in my workshop, apparently its “depressing” and “you need some life down here Tony” and “I’m worried about you”. That last one was uncalled for I’m fine. Like I mean I’m not fantastic but I’m fine, and she’s got more than enough to worry about without me dragging her into my shit. I’ve done more than enough of that for the time that I’ve known her. Part of me wishes things could’ve worked out but, after extremis… I couldn’t keep doing this to her, I can’t keep putting her in harms way, she’s safer this way, and watching me do what I do was really hard on her. Even with how long she’s known me and how much she’s done, at the end of the day she’s still a civilian, she wanted me to give this up for her and I wanted to do it, I wanted to do it for her, god she deserved it but, I couldn’t. I’m not strong enough for that… and people need me, I can’t just stand by and watch the world fall apart.
He buries himself in maintenance and does not think, he will not think.
“If you need me to send him packing just tell me, Pepper and I will be here to haul his ass out of the house before he can get a word in edgewise.”
It’s a fairly simple affair, it’s just friends so no one is too worried about impressing anyone and it’s Halloween so really it doesn’t need to be that intense honestly. He’s arranging cheese, lost in though, Nat hip checks him lightly and starts fixing his mess.
Steve doesn’t look at him when he replies, but Tony can see the caution in his body language, can see him stiffen, knows he’s paying attention. “It is,” he says cautiously, “I wasn’t sure if we’d ever get this again.”
“How’re you feeling?” Tony lets out a non-committal grunt and doesn’t move. “That good eh? I know it’s a lot to handle but you’ve been planning this for months, you know what you’re doing.”
Rogers,
“If you don’t want, if you don’t want me to stay here it’s alright you know.” His voice is quiet, and sincere, although Tony knows thinks that it would not in fact be alright. He thinks that Steve would go back to his very tiny sad apartment in Brooklyn that he’d only ever lived in for a week before the tower. He thinks that Steve would be alone, and he thinks that Steve thinks he could handle it, and he could, handle it. But handling it is not the same thing as being alright, and Tony can’t do that to him. Doesn’t want to even though part of him is screaming that this cannot happen, that it’s not okay. But it will be, Tony will handle it.
It’s not too late in the day, everyone should be arriving soon but they have time to drop off their bags and rest for a little while before the meeting after dinner. Tony dumps his bags and falls over gently onto the bed, sighing as he settles, throwing an arm over his face. This meeting has been in the works for months but it still feels like its all happening too fast… and though he’s been writing (well sort of) to Steve for months he doesn’t have a goddamn clue what to say.
Steve,
“Honestly, just follow my lead. If I suggest something that stupid again, you can call me out on it and I’ll reconsider but for now, I’ll… I’ll try to tell you if somethings wrong. I can’t expect things to improve if we don’t work together on this.”
“Neither of you ever hated each other, I don’t think you’re physically capable of that.”
If Steve hadn't known all omegas had to be bonded then he would have honestly assumed that Piper was Eric's daughter, not his...
The atmosphere in the room was tense; Steve was in preheat and Tony was still growling and being held back, and Malick looked horrified, and Donner was serenely pregnant.  An unbonded, pregnant omega alone was enough to freak everyone out.
"You don't understand, Pepper, you can't sense what I sense!  You're a beta!  The... the
Steve leaned down, nudging their noses together. It was a familiar gesture now. He smiled faintly, but the gesture was genuine. "So, do you wanna sleep now, or later?" He nipped at the edge of Tony's jaw, his tone teasing. "Old man?"
Steve resisted the urge to punch the tree in front of him.
But Agent May had already stepped back as Tony barged past in his suit to Steve.
"They gave
But before Tony could respond the psychologist started answering a question. "I think it's well and good saying an omega can lead, but there's always risks. His nature makes him vulnerable. What about heats? What about Alphas? Captain Rogers has proven we should never underestimate omegas and what they're capable of- but because of him, omegas will be encouraged to put themselves in more dangerous situations. What happens if an omega captain is captured and forced into a heat? That's why they aren't allowed into the army. Their biology is a strength, but it's also a weakness."
As soon as it’s done, he walks deliberately out of the kitchen, not even sparing a nod for Steve. Hopefully he’ll just assume Tony is on one of his working binges and that he didn’t notice him coming in. God this really can’t keep happening, he needs to pull himself together. It’s just fucking Steve, they’d lived together for years, why can’t he just get over this tiny little thing. He’s been almost killed a million times why is this different? (He knows why its different, of course he does, but it shouldn’t be, its not like he hasn’t been betrayed before, never by someone he was- never mind.) He should be able to handle this, but he can’t, not today at least, so he’s going to work. Maybe if he doesn’t sleep it’ll be better, easier. At least he won’t dream.
Always fucking hated him, hated the way he treated my mother, how he treated everyone around him that he deemed lesser. He called me his greatest creation, as if he ever had any real hand in it, if anyone was my father it was Jarvis.
The moment Steve enters the gym Tony regrets his life choices. For one, he looks stupidly attractive, and that is truly uncalled for. He only lets that thought rest in his mind for a fraction of a second before it’s banished into the void. Tony Stark however, is not a quitter, and he’s going to do this and it’s going to be fun and it’s going to be relaxing and his brain really needs to shut up now.
Anyways I hope you enjoy! If it helps I have about 3000 words written of future scenes which should *hopefully* make some future chapters easier. I don't know how to write things in order.
My dad never shut up about you you know… never stopped looking for you, never stopped hoping, and I idolized you. You were this incredible hero, this tiny kid who despite all odds, made it, and did something, and changed the world. I thought, that if you could do it, maybe I could do something too. I could make something good, be someone special, someone my dad would be proud of. Hah, as if.
“That’s fine, he helps me out enough already, I’ll call him back later so he doesn’t freak out… Are you good? I mean that was probably a little fucked up to see.” He laughs ruefully, Steve doesn’t really seem amused, ugh.
“It’s fine, thank you for listening.” They sit like that for a little longer, until Tony eventually stands up, Steve following along. He goes back to his workbench and Steve goes to leave, pausing at the door.
Wow I got off topic.
I’ve mostly been working on the armor and trying to deal with the political and media shit storm, I have a publicist for some of it but I have to do some interviews in person unfortunately. I really wish they’d stop asking, it’s not as if I’m gonna tell them anything new. I’m not dragging anyone through the mud just so they can get a story, I’m not dragging anyone through the mud period.
I’ve mentioned him before but I don’t think I talked about JARVIS properly. I mean you knew him before of course, and he’s the same as he was, I rebuilt him, sort of. I had some old backup copies of his software, they probably only survived because they were old, and not activated at all. I made them in case there were any system failures or what not, they’re a little bare bones compared to the real deal but I gave the copy I rebuilt enough information, and synced it slightly with Vision (with his permission!), so he’s pretty much back in business.
She’s happier now too, I can see it, she’s doing such an incredible job and I’m happy to watch and offer any support she needs. Not that she needs help, especially not from me, but we’ve known each other for so long and I can tell when she needs a break or when I can step in and try to make her life a little easier. It’s, god it’s been what like three years now though? You know how it was when it happened, you were there, but I’ve been okay about that for, for quite a while. I love Pep to death but we didn’t work and that’s okay. I’m not sure if you know but she and Happy got engaged, they’re really happy together and I get to be Hap’s best man.
It’ll be a while before the meetings can be set up, probably not till October, and I’ll have to find somewhere to host them. Here is obviously a no-go, and I’m not even gonna think about asking T’Challa if he’d host, we need to find someone reasonably neutral. What if we do it in Switzerland, its nice there, they’re historically neutral, I know some important people there too so I could probably swing it. Let me make some calls.
While I may disagree with you still, most of what I’m mad about is personal and they don’t have the right to know any of it, and even though I disagree, I understand your feelings on the accords and I’m not interested in shittalking anyone. Luckily reporters get bored quickly so it won’t be like this for too much longer.
," Steve whispered. "My bond before was painful. It was
Four or five days of uninterrupted fucking beat snowboarding any day.  Tony gave Steve a couple of sharp thrusts to push him over the edge.
Steve turned around and a metal fist collided with his gut
Tony scurried out of the way.  Tiberius was grinning. "...I have to admit, this is going to be a lot of fun to watch," he said.
And he was damned if he was going to let that son of a bitch, who had stolen his father's arc reactor designs, beat up his naked omega.
I'm aware of how bizarre that sounds, Steve," he added, catching Steve's expression.  At the word "blowjob" he'd started blushing all over again.
The drawing was sketched from the small scribble from earlier. It was all in Biro, black and blue lines drawn across the wall in cross hatches creating soft shadows and defined outlines. The old arc reactor was pressed into the wall in the centre instead of it being drawn. It was detailed and captured a true sense of reality. It was enigmatic, beautiful perhaps and it offered a good likeness. It was an honest drawing.
Well, there was little danger of that happening now.
That man had resembled Steve's memory of Howard much more than the Tony he had come to know.  In his personal life, Tony was anything but sure of himself. Steve had come to appreciate that Tony's posturing was as much to convince himself of his derring-do as it was to convince the press.
"Is this alkaline?" asked Tony, squinting at the label.
," said Tony, gripping her arm and pulling her toward the stairs to the shop.  He stopped and wheeled around, pointing to Steve.  "You.  Bed.  I want you to rest.  ...and take your shield."
Steve was dully aware of his head being moved to lean against Tiberius' thigh. He was cold and shaky and his left arm throbbed like nothing else. Maybe it had gotten too cold. Maybe it was going to fall off. Oh no. He didn't want to lose his arm. No. That wasn't fair. Steve swallowed down a lump in his throat.
"Steve, your image--" began Aria with forced patience.
Steve returned home over twenty-four hours later, at two in the morning, and found a passed out Tony by his door. Tony looked like he'd set up shop right there in the hallway; there was a brown paper bag beside him with an (empty) bottle in it.
"The nail part's kind of nice," offered Natasha.
"...we'll get you a nice massage... you'll like it," he said softly against Steve's skin.  Steve was still in his ridiculous costume and Tony was still partially dressed but neither of them was moving.  They lay there in peaceful silence for forty minutes before they were even capable of pulling apart, and then they went to shower before getting dressed and going to find the spa.  Steve put his old costume, freshly desecrated, back in his suitcase, worried someone from housekeeping might espy it on the bed.
"Oh, this, this is nothing, man; the second one broke the sound barrier."  Tony flung out an arm snatching up a car and swinging it around, batting two drones into oblivion.
"I came back," pointed out Steve.
"But... couldn't I just turn up without a collar on? Would they seriously not let me in?" Steve asked, trying and failing to understand. Pepper sighed.
"Want to get another?" asked Pietro, licking the ice cream.
"...I like the red one."
got better, too. Sure, maybe one of the walls in the hotel suite got a little dent in it and maybe the headboard snapped a few places (four). But the hotel were polite enough not to complain about it. Apparently Steve and Tony were infamous enough to get away with quite a lot.
It didn't have any immediate effect, not a noticeable one, anyway; Steve's gaze was already too distant.
Bucky got one of his small, rare smiles at the suggestion of a date.  "Okay. Tomorrow," he agreed. "...I
When Clint put the cloth on him it felt like heaven. He sighed and let his eyes slip shut. "Thanks," he croaked out. "Three days? Huh. Fun times," he said, trying to act unphased. Maybe the serum would speed it up. Maybe it would only be a day. He could hope...because it fucking killed.
Tony swung his feet out of bed, rose, and his leg immediately buckled under him. He hit the ground, hard.
"Sure.  We can do nine-thirty," said Chantelle; Tom was nodding behind her.  "Well, good luck on your scenting. Donner, you make sure you listen to Dr. Emmett and be good, okay?"
Pepper was massaging her temples with her forefingers. "Can we just go back home, please? Without any more diversions?  And then I think me and Aria deserve the evening off."
"Aw, c'mon, I only take it a couple of times a year.  It's no biggie," purred Tony, gently rolling Steve's testicles around in his hand.  He could feel Steve getting erect.
He must have drifted off because when he opened his eyes a few moments later, a completely different song was playing, the sun was much lower in the sky, and they were pulling into the base.  Tony blinked, rubbing his eyes, trying to stretch the stiffness out of his limbs.  The wine with lunch had made him groggy; he looked over at Steve questioningly.  "...we here already?"  A tinge of panic hit him.  Already?  He'd thought he would have more time.  Were they really doing this?
"Hang on," Sam raised a hand. "Rogers and Barnes were bonded?"
Steve was walking to his room when he heard a whistle behind him. He turned to see a man leaning against the corridor wall. He was smoking an e-cigarette; he was young and lean, like Steve (though not as fit as Steve, obviously). He had dark hair and a shadow of stubble across his jawline. He was handsome, Steve guessed, if you liked rugged Alphas.
See you soon,
He wakes, scrabbling for purchase on the couch as he hauls himself up, his breathing shallow. He can still feel the cold air in his lungs and he can’t breathe and he can’t think oh god- and then Rhodey is there, sitting in front of him, telling him to breathe, and the room comes back into focus slowly. DUM-E is beside him with a glass of water, gently bumping his leg, Rhodey has his hands on Tony’s shoulders, his brow furrowed in concern.
I think about my mom a lot. About all the things we did together, everything she taught me. She taught me how to dance, how to play piano, how to speak Italian. She didn’t speak it often, only really when we were alone, terms of endearment, that sort of thing. I worked really hard at it though, I was fluent, I’m a little rusty now but it’s still there. She spoke less and less of it as I got older, as she got older and he wore her down. She was always so tired, I didn’t notice it until I left for MIT, whenever I visited she’d be so excited to see me but I could tell that it was hard for her. She was always wearing makeup to cover the dark circles, and the bruises… there weren’t as many as when I was young but he tore her down in other ways.
I'll talk to you for real tomorrow I guess.
home, or it was. Its also a lot easier to deal with SI from here, R&D is only a few floors down. Not that I’m running things obviously, but I still have to meet with the board occasionally and deal with all the engineers. I want to get some new interns in soon, liven up the place a bit, get new ideas in. There’s a couple of kids I have in mind, I’ll do the interviews myself most likely. Wow, I got completely off topic, in my defense its like ass o’ clock in the morning and I may have been awake for a few days, sue me.
“About thirty minutes.” He doesn’t come much closer to the bed, which isn’t surprising after what just happened. “Are you alright? You had me worried there…”
10:10
“If, if you need anything just let me know, or tell JARVIS to let me know.” Tony nods and waves him off and he leaves the room, shutting the door quietly behind him. Tony falls back on the bed with a groan.
I’m glad the wedding is out of the way at least, it was fantastic but there was a lot of prep and stress and now I’ve only got really one major thing to focus on. I do have to do a little more work as well now that Pepper is on her honeymoon but I don’t mind that… speaking of though, I have a huge stack of papers to go through and sign before she gets back so I’m going to get to that.
Two hours into the meeting and already Tony is bored out of his mind. It’s the same bureaucratic bullshit as usual, all the minute taking and the dry documents and the shitty refreshments… Luckily, he has plenty practice and a fantastic fake smile, it also doesn’t hurt that he’s been planning this for months so he doesn’t have to pay as much attention as some of the others. He can tell Steve is starting to get antsy, despite his discipline the meetings are incredibly tedious and it’s difficult not to get fidgety. Tony watches Steve’s jaw twitch and is silently glad that they’re taking a break soon. He knows this weekend is really important to Steve, to all of them, and he wouldn’t even dream of doing anything disrespectful, but the man doesn’t like sitting still. Somehow that never applied to the damn team briefings but it seems it still applies here. Although they’re sitting halfway across the room from each other, part of Tony wants to reach out to him, take his hand and help him relax. Another part of him wants to stand up and run away from this whole conference as fast as he can. He does neither. They break a little later and Steve stalks out of the room as subtly as he can. Tony pauses for a second before sighing and quietly following him out of the room. Steve is sitting in a small courtyard, staring at his hands, Tony watches him for a moment, not quite sure of himself, and sits down beside him on the cold stone bench.
I know what time it is this time, its 2:47AM, the one time I actually try to sleep at a reasonable hour and I get this shit.
At least the press conference is going smoothly, no one has asked any ridiculous or upsetting questions and everyone’s being polite which is a small miracle honestly. Clearly someone arranged for the reasonable reporters, maybe Pepper, whoever did is going to get a massive bouquet of flowers. As soon as he has the thought Tony regrets it, because it seems fate really has it out for him this morning.
The conference is wrapping up and everyone's heading home, where is home though? Steve and Tony continue to be absolutely terrible at talking to each other like normal human beings but they muddle through in the end.
I’m glad you’re here,
I almost wish I could talk to you, that I wasn’t as pissed at you as I still am. As much as I hate to admit it I miss you. It’s fuckin lonely as hell here, and we were getting to a good place, things were good we were good… Sometimes I hold that stupid phone you sent me and start a text but I can never send it. I know we butted heads a lot and we never agreed on anything but… I trusted you, more than, more than almost anyone… and you lied, not just once, but for years. It was /years/ Rogers…
I might've gotten off topic.
It’s a pain in the ass fielding all this by myself, but soommeeeone just had to go and get themselves banned from like 117 different countries. I’m working on that by the way, to at least get you temporary amnesty if my plan works, and then full amnesty if you don’t hate what I want to do. Which you probably will, you’re even more stubborn than I am you know, and that’s saying something. Why is it we can never agree anymore, or even agree to disagree. What the hell happened Cap… when did it all go to shit? Things were good right? I thought they were at least, but apparently, you’ve been lying to me for years. I’m too tired to be angry anymore. I’m tired of all this, everyone’s split up and it sucks, it really does. We had a good thing going for a while there, we were friends, we cared about each other, we saved the world, it was good… I know I screwed up, I’m not denying that, I couldn’t even if I wanted to. I was scared, I still am, of what’s out there. I saw too much, I know too much, and I wish I could take it back, get rid of all those memories, except I don’t, not really. If I didn’t know I wouldn’t be preparing, lord knows we’re gonna need all the help we can get and I’ve got to do my part, get my shit together. But, I did some stuff I’m not proud of, and I’m going to keep working to fix that, keep trying to be better, its what I have to do. So, don’t think I’m blaming you for everything. I’m blaming you for some of it though. I just wish we had had more time, maybe then, maybe it wouldn’t have all fallen apart so quickly. I don’t know, I almost wish I could talk to you, try to figure out how to fix all this, I’m good at all this political crap, but I wish I didn’t have to do it on my own.
one of them.  Name a food you like and get that one."
Pepper sighed.  "...for one thing, I doubt Steve would be able to hit any of the high notes.  That's a very challenging--"
Tony flopped into a pool chair, peeling off his shirt and lying there in just his boxers, watching Steve glide through the crystal water like a dolphin.  Tony set the bottle and carton by the side of the chair and flipped open the pamphlet, bored. What the hell was he supposed to say?
Banksy swallowed, then looked up with a sad smile.  "Ryan and I are okay now, by the way," he said. There was a nervous, sad chuckle from the audience and Boswell's son, Ryan, nodded at Banksy with the same sad smile.
"We'll replace your goddamn computer. Send us the bill," Steve huffed and moved towards the center of the room. Where the hell had they gone? Fuck.
Whoever had done it had no doubt known the stigma of a secondary Alpha.  They’d done it with the intention of hurting Tony, and of tearing them apart.  And it had worked.
"I'm talking with Steve, sweetie.  Mommy can swing you."
George looked even more embarrassed.  "Shut
"I'll come with you," said Tony immediately, eager to show his support for Steve, to re-prove what a good Alpha he could be.
Interesting.
"I like assertive Alphas," hummed Cupid mildly next to Steve, smiling a vapid, serene smile while the headmaster sputtered.
"Don't hurt them!" yelled Pietro in a strangled voice that was tight with pain.  He was kneeling, still clutching his curled, bleeding hand.
Pepper had gotten her for Steve; she'd warned him that he would need one, and she was right.  After his interview, every reporter in the world was trying to get an exclusive statement from him.  Aria had swooped in like an angel and immediately taken that burden off of Steve's shoulders.  She was the most terrifyingly blunt beta he'd ever spoken with. She took what he said as granted, didn't argue with him, but calmly explained everything he didn't understand. She gave him every offer, told him which ones were any good, which ones he should consider, and which ones were garbage.  Aria's knowledge of the 21st century was a godsend.  And she involved him in every decision.
The Commandos all looked so real. He could just hear Dugan's hearty laugh as he looked at him and remembered the way the man would him on the shoulder and
There was a shelf in the bedroom lined with trophies for various science awards. The desk was littered with  sketches of things Steve didn't understand and little pieces of metal which had presumably been tinkered with.
Pepper glanced over at the forest of orchids.  "...I'm glad it worked out.  I won't say any more about it.  But so help me God, you'd better take good care of him, Steve."
This was the sort of thing that Tony wish had been explained to him.  He didn't know any other Alphas who could--
He threw on jeans and a t-shirt, not wanting to wander around the house in a dressing gown while Ty was about.  He wanted to apologize, to
And then he spotted him, Donner, at the other end of the 'pen.' He stood. "Hey, I'll be back in a minute..."
Fury's voice sounded fuzzy. Was Steve on the floor?
if he was bonded, wouldn't he?
In one easy motion, he scooped Steve up into his arms, shield and all.  Steve was easily over two hundred pounds, but Tony could lift cars; picking up super soldiers was a piece of cake.
for that kind of behavior... and now, I am going to throw up."  With this calm pronouncement, Tony leaned over and began retching, an entire stomach's worth of Jack Daniel's coming up with fairly impressive force.  Tony had the presence of mind to feel disappointed by that.  He needed that alcohol.  He needed it to numb the pain, to give him courage.  He never would be talking to Steve if it weren't for the alcohol.
Tony's chipper mood was leaking out of him like water through a hole in a bucket.  "So what if I don't make them anymore? They're still in the wrong hands. They're still out there, killing people."
Tony realized he had just been handed at least fifty subpoenas.  "...PEPPERRRR?" he hollered, turning into the house.
The man put his hands up.  "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Calm down, buddy!  Jesus! It's okay, c'mon, we're all aces here!  I didn't know you were a fan!"
"Don't look," warned Tony, trying to block Steve from looking out the glass elevator.  (A pointless gesture; Tony was too short.)
"Sorry, Stark," said Mackenzie with a smile.  "They're taking this breach pretty seriously. And with good reason.  Rogers is worth a dozen men."
They both knew 'his' room was the one full of drawings. It was Steve's space, something that was just for
"Well, I... I would imagine it might veto the heat entirely, especially if the body is put under enough trauma. It's sort of like the 'fight or flight' response. The heat knows it's a bad time and sometimes it will stop. If an omega is in danger, the last thing they want to be is in heat too."
Tony's skin broke out in goosebumps.
"Personal assistant," said Pepper, glaring daggers at him.  During her time as Tony's assistant, she'd loathed the word "secretary."
It was Yemen all over again.
"...so am I!  It's Argentina!  Look, the three blank spots in the middle are the lakes, and this is the bay it shares with Uraguay..." said Tony, pointing.  "...and you've got the Amazon river here, and this is the southern tip.  The ink blot people just filled in a map of Argentina."
Steve was still hot, his smell sweet and warm and complex and inviting.  Tony had no intention of moving. He felt wonderful like this, with Steve closed up around his knot, feeling every little twitch from the other man.  Steve was wonderfully responsive, his cock throbbing in Tony's hand, his hole clenched around the base of Tony's length.
Lawrence laughed, deep and heavy.  "Folks around here are gonna have a field day, for sure," he agreed.
"--but they also attract trouble.  SHIELD won't tell us about what's going on but we know Rogers is on 24/7 surveillance.  I need an iron-clad guarantee nothing's gonna go down like it did in May."
"People want answers."
There was a pregnant pause, then a buzz as the door unlocked, and they walked inside.
my fault. I'm responsible for my actions. I don't regret making sure he didn't make it to the hotel, or getting him...into cryo. But I regret
Trickshot watched with wide eyes. "Huh."
"No. I mean-- I think every omega who has been through that ordeal is a role model. And a lot of omegas have written very good blogs on dealing with the process, or even whole books. I think there's better people to turn to who can offer more support specifically on this matter. I, personally, will not be talking about it more than I have to," Steve explained simply.  "I'm not qualified."
The door beeped and Happy walked in with a bag of McDonald's.
"Steve, when... when you were in heat... we were both out of control..."  Tony fumbled with his words. "...your old mate..." Tony took a deep, shaky breath.  "He was... he was a... more dominant Alpha, wasn't he? Sometimes I... feel him..." He tapped his chest.  He buried his face deeper into Steve's chest. "Steve... Pepper... Pepper says... but... but the thing is, Steve..."
Tiberius, Banksy, and Tony all made noises of protest, but it was Pepper who moved.  Before anyone else could protest, she stormed over in heels and pencil skirt and, with a shockingly confident motion, scooped up Donner like he was nothing more than a kitten.  Donner let out a squeak.
"You should have seen what Phil wanted me to wear," Steve murmured with a roll of his eyes. His uniform was more of a navy, far darker. The red was darker too and the white star in the middle of his chest wasn't too obtuse. He looked more like a soldier and less like Cap from the comic books.
"Shall I read it out loud?" JARVIS asked politely.
"Was it good for you?" asked Tony, voice soft.
Steve shivered a little as Tony's hands ran through his hair and he looked up, licking the butter from the toast off of his fingers. "I like the light. S'good for drawing," he said. Steve had stayed up many a night drawing under the dull blue glow when he couldn't sleep. But the light itself never kept him up. Back in the forties he'd lived in a city, and his ma hadn't been able to afford proper curtains; he was used to light streaming into his bedroom and he was good at sleeping through it.
"Steve's adoring fans needed to know," said Tony with fake seriousness.  He reached over and put his hands on Steve's shoulders, giving him a friendly little shake.  "Besides, if we waited to tell everyone, they would've found out.  At least this way we got to control the information.  Not
Steve was taller than him, but they still fit together surprisingly well.  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's waist and set his chin on Steve's shoulder.  Steve pulled the covers up.  It was perfect.  Tony had never realized spooning was actually pleasant before.
Steve's eyes flickered down to Bucky's face. He pulled his fingers away and then moved to crouch down himself, their faces level. Bucky's eyes looked brighter than they did through the glass. Steve almost smiled.
Aria and Pepper exchanged a glance at this tiny moment of intimate affection.
Steve didn't respond.
"We don't gotta listen to you," said Paul.  "You're just an omega, not a real cop."
, Steve wanted to say. But then, maybe it has been... everything was so screwed up and messy...
"It's magic French toast.  It'll turn you into an omega," said Clint.
Sam swung.
Steve was right.  If Lab 9 had proved anything, it was that HYDRA was the one that lacked boundaries, not SHIELD. They used chemical weapons and experimented on living people.  SHIELD wasn't without its problems, but it had principles. Case in point: they'd appointed an omega as captain of the Avengers Initiative. HYDRA couldn't be reasoned with, so it had to be eliminated.  Sometimes it would get messy, yeah. But Tony felt that Steve's judgement was better than his and... well, if Steve thought it was okay...
Before the serum Steve had entertained the idea of having children, fantasizing about coming back to a full house after long days at work or whatever. But since the serum it had never occurred to him. He was a soldier. No children for him. But Steve did resent the fact that the choice had been made for him by his body before he could.
Steve was feeling humiliated and small. The last thing he wanted was doctors prodding at him after Fury's goddamn character assassination. Yes, Steve was an idiot. Yes, he couldn't do undercover- he was never cut out to be a spy. But he was still a captain and Fury
Once he was done rustling through the suitcase, more sounds followed, sounds that sounded suspiciously like Steve shedding his clothes. He was actually a little nervous now but it was too late to back down Steve. Tony had expectations.
"There are four segments of our routine evaluation."
Tony feigned a look of shock.  "My God, you're right!  I guess that simulation really messed with my head more than I realized.  You'd better drive, Stevie."  He pulled away, looking entirely unruffled.
"Steve.  I won't do it, yet, if you're not ready, okay?  I... I don't want kids. But I don't want to lock the door and throw away the key either, if you're not ready for that.  You're still young. I get it," said Tony, even though he didn't. "We'll just weather our heats the old-fashioned way." He realized he'd said "our" heats, something older bonded couples said, and the corner of his mouth twitched.  "...I'm just throwing this out there, but we could hire a beta or an omega to help us out with the pill situation. Kind of a... medication nanny, I dunno," suggested Tony awkwardly. "Neither of us can think straight when you're in heat and we need a better system.  Shit, I mean, literally, last time, we forgot to eat, let alone take your meds. We only have about, what, six weeks before your body goes haywire? Maybe less, with your metabolism and all. I... I can agree not to make any permanent decisions right now, if you can agree not to have a surprise baby on me any time in the immediate future.  Deal?"
"Just your fragile masculinity," Steve told him and then slipped away, heading back into the omega den and to the auctionees. He didn't want to give that man any more of his time then he had to. He pulled out his phone and texted Tony.
"I don't offer to do stuff I don't wanna do. But you're upset and I wanna make you feel better; what's so wrong with that?" he asked, tilting his head a little. "It's not selfish for you have sex with me if you're in the mood for it, or need a distraction...if I want to too. And it's not like it won't be enjoyable for me too," Steve pointed out, raising a brow at him.  "I would never do anything you asked if I didn't want to." He could still feel Tony's unease pang in his own chest. "And you had a kind of... insane day yesterday, I think I'm allowed to be a little worried, right? Come on Tony, what's this really about?"
Dr. Brazinski looked over the ink blot, then frowned.  "I'll be damned.  It
Kitty hummed. "That makes sense. A lot of our clients find metal more uncomfortable, even with an inner padding."
Tony waited a beat, but the awkwardness was thick in the air.  He decided to take control of the situation.
His hips ended up being pulled up a little so Tony could thrust into him properly, his eyes rolling back and lips parting as his Alpha's cock dragged in and out of him perfectly.
"Just insane," George said. "He won't stop cooking for me. He's a terrible cook; it's very awkward. Once, I refused to eat his lasagna, and he started crying. But he cleans a lot, which is nice. He's a 'nice' person, I guess. Very excited about the baby too.  He keeps talking about birthing pools..." George pulled a face. "But he stopped talking about 'Giddy' about a week or two ago. So I guess that's something."
"Only omegas..." Steve repeated. It was stupid but he hadn't realized. He thought the reason they were all Os was because they were the most interested in omega rights issues, not because it was...exclusive. Steve was all for creating safe spaces for heats and stuff but he didn't know how he felt about that. Kinda seemed like they were shooting themselves in the foot before they were even getting started.
"That it's... it's him?  Yes."
Natasha let out a long, low sigh.  "...fine, whatever. It's nothing personal, Tony, it's just that... well... actually it
he yet tried Greek yogurt, which was delicious?
Natasha held a tablet out to both of them and smiled a little. "I thought you might want to know how your evening's being... perceived."
"For killing people.  I know you. You're Tony Stark.  They call you the Merchant of Death.  You kill people."
Steve knelt down on the floor next to Banksy and tugged him against his chest. Banksy moved easily, too caught up in his own sorrow to be aware of little else. His head tucked under Steve's chin just right. Within minutes his shirt was wet with the other's tears but he didn't care. Banksy's sadness was palpable. Gently, Steve rocked him forwards and backwards whilst he cried.
Pepper barely managed to conceal an eye roll.
Steve's heat sank in his chest. "I don't know," he whispered. "I'll be able to find you, with this." he gestured to the back of his neck. "I promise I'll get you help Buck. I swear. I just can't do that within SHIELD. Not yet. Not now. Not when there's HYDRA scattered throughout it.  The important thing is... until I find you, you stay away from Karpov. He's not a good man Bucky. He's hurt you.
suit properly but maybe he would luck out. He texted Fury the address and then hit JARVIS up on his phone. The AI said Rhodey seemed to actually be heading to his own home, where as Tony's flight pattern was making about zero sense. Steve sighed, moving to go get his bike from the garage.  His one luxury purchase in the twenty-first century.
Tony's work schedule, like his feeding schedule, was erratic.  He worked when inspiration struck him.  Only rarely did inspiration strike at convenient times.
Tony knew these questions were just warm-ups to the more serious ones.  Like how they were managing when Tony was a futurist and Steve was a guy raised in the twenties.  And when they were going to have kids. And questions about Steve's charity and what it hoped to accomplish.  He was expecting most of the questions to be directed to Steve. Steve was the country's darling and although Tony was high-profile, people didn't worship him the way they did Steve.  (Minus tech geeks, of course. Tony knew he had a small but rabid following of programmers.)
"You're having a panic attack.  You're not dying," said Pepper soothingly.
"Thanks, Tony, but you don't need to try to make me feel better.  I'm already over it," said Steve unconvincingly.
"Yeah, that was good, huh?"
know.  They weren't threats.  He wasn't sure where this revelation had come from.  A day ago, he'd been ready to fight a man he didn't know two balconies over just for
"Yeah.  He did."
In this chapter: Tony holds a baby (awkwardly)!  Bucky watches Blue's Clues (attentively)!  Steve refuses to sing on live television (bashfully)!  And so much more!
When he said the bit about putting his tongue in his mouth, the soldier shivered with a strange, new, rather delightful sensation.  That sounded wonderful.
He must have dozed off because when he woke up it was in a completely different time zone; it was morning and the Atlantic was sparkling beneath them.  The flight had taken nine or ten hours, but also shoved them forward in time, so that they'd lost nearly a day.
"He likes 'em feisty," said Happy.
"I know how he acts and how he talks.  I know he has a reputation for sleeping around.  I know he drinks too much.  This is all public record, Steve.  I'm just making sure--"
Bucky leaned in longingly, his heart aching for his omega, who looked tan and healthy and happy and brave.
Annie, you are
Tony nosed Steve's skin.  Poor Steve. An omega at heart; he wanted so badly to please Tony and Tony didn't know how to let him do that.  "Can I mate you?" he asked quietly.
"You don't know that for sure..." Ty said, trying to sound gentle.
"Fuck you," snarled Tony.
, he reminded himself, not to stoop to their level.
Steve heard a bout of cheering on the other end of the room and looked up. The two omegas who were fighting were trying to mop each other up while their Alphas shook hands and exchanged money.  "Jesus," he muttered. "Does Gideon ever make you fight?"
Steve fell back asleep almost instantly, all of his energy being put into fighting the infection.  After all, they hadn't given him any antibiotics; there was doubts about the kind of dosage he would need, how he would react, and if it was worth the risk.  Captain America was the only one like him.  In the end, they agreed to let the serum do its job and not intervene unless his condition worsened.
The last time he had felt like this, he had been coming home from Afghanistan.  He remembered sitting in the plane, staring blankly ahead, still in shock from the days he'd spent recovering in a military hospital camp, still in shock that his half-baked escape plan had worked and that he had not died in the desert.
"He...he didn't know if you'd want him in here," Sam said in a half lie. "After...stuff."
"NO FLYING IN THE HOUSE!" yelled Donner and Pepper together from somewhere upstairs.
Steve, thought Tony, looked impressed.
Tony stiffened and his skin prickled when Steve kissed the arc reactor.  His knee-jerk response was to scramble away; his breath hitched a little and he barely managed to keep from shoving Steve off him.
Gleason hummed. "We'll see, with time."
"See?  No problem," said Tony enthusiastically.  "Sounds like a walk in the park.  Now can I please go back to my honeymoon?  I only get to do this once, you know."  He leaned forward to nuzzle Steve's jaw.
And he walked in to see Fury in his living room. Steve blinked.
to be but because they weren't ever given the opportunity to be anything else. Put people on a straight path chances are they'll take it, even if it's not the right direction for them. Would you have bonded Gideon if you could have gone to college, or something else? Sorry, don't answer that, that's not fair of me to ask--"
before he's scheduled to go on the main stage?
He made only the tiniest whine of protest.  It was an automatic response.  A brief, stunned pause, and Fury was running (no, crawling) across the floor, scattered with Cheerios and glass, toward Carter and Rogers.
. Well, he was basically swimming around a pool naked and Tony was his mate. It was likely Tony's arousal.
"Oh he's loving it. He loves being a lazy shit."
"Hey, JARVIS, why can't I find anything about Jarvis in all these old records?" asked Tony.  He managed to dig up a ledger that included airfare for seven to Colorado. Ah, yes. Howard, Maria, Jarvis, Ana, Tony, Lupita, and Aliyah, all taking a winter ski vacation.  At least that was something. "Any idea what Dad paid him? You'd think that would be front and center. I mean, Jarvis and Ana did basically everything around here."
"It's 57,960, but come on, that's like a kid's problem."
He was floating. It always felt like he was floating. Would sex always be this good or was it limited to their honeymoon period? Steve sincerely hoped it wasn't. When Tony pressed inside of him his body sang and trembled. It felt
"It's an office, of sorts. That's where we going. It's like... a half-hour drive from here.  Downtown. And before you accuse me of throwing money at something, I just rent the space. Everyone involved is a volunteer." Steve couldn't have ever afforded that many lawyers. Maybe with Tony's help...but that wasn't the point.
He settled down in the kitchen with a beer (carbs were a good breakfast, right?) and pulled out his phone to see what people were saying about Steve.
"What the heck?" asked Happy.
"I am sit--" began Tony before realizing he was on his feet.  He sat but was up again and pacing almost immediately.  His heart was pounding in his chest.
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. He wouldn't cry. Not now. Not in front of Bucky.
"That's because I'd just woken up, and you were all so paranoid I was crazy already. I didn't wanna add fuel to the fire. But yeah, it can do some weird kind of stuff.  Stuff like you'd read in a sci-fi dime novel. I'd call a space window an anomaly." Steve sighed again, knowing there was no way around this. "Look, fine. I'll come in. I have some spare time this weekend. Will Clint at least be there?"
Twelve miles away, Bucky froze as well.  That was his name. Hearing Steve say it was so... grounding.  He felt like he had just woken up from a long sleep. He was groggy but awake, alive...
Pepper blinked at Aria's sudden hostility.  She understood that it wasn't directed at her, precisely, but she and Tony had operated in tandem for so long that it did feel a little personal.
Steve watched a man carefully move an ice sculpture on a cart, temporarily fascinated, before turning his attention back to Pepper.
"Sure did... what is this?"
"Gary Newport,
At least at the beginning, it was always nice.  No doubt within a few days both of them would be exhausted and sore and feel gross and want it to be over.  But at least for now, Tony was feeling deliciously high and sinfully aroused, and the way Steve's body gripped him was heavenly.
And worse, Tony was going to have to go talk to the guy, look him in the eye and pleasantly chat and get his card... it had to be Tony, Tony was an Alpha... Tony wasn't like Steve or Natasha.  He didn't do undercover operatives. His style was loud and brash and direct. Hell, there was a
Tony's eyes traveled over to Steve.  As usual, the HUD brought up his stats.  Six foot two, two hundred seventy pounds.  The shield was dangling by his side, and Tony wondered, suddenly, how often it had been used as an actual shield, and how often it had been used as a weapon.  What was the shield-to-kill ratio on that thing?
The moment the smoke bombs went off, Steve dropped down by Nick's side, rolling him over and putting pressure on the wound in his back. "It's okay. Nick, just breathe..." The Director's breaths were labored. Was he going to die? "Just breathe.  I got you."
Peggy reached out and grabbed Tony's hand.  "Oh! You have bands! That's so lovely... oh, Steve..."  She beamed at them.
"Okay.  Test number... I dunno... Jarv, what are we on with having this shit slam into me?"
"Oh.  Gee, really?"  Clint scratched the back of his head.  "...huh. Well, you know what I mean, though."
"You feel good, Alpha," Steve whispered, mouthing at the fingers that had once held the pill between his lips.  "So good."  His blue eyes flickered up to watch Tony's expression as he did so and the glint in his very own eyes was practically sinful.
"Remember. Your statement," Mac added.
"This doesn't look edible," Steve said, peering at the drink that almost looked like it had glitter in it… and Arcadia laughed.
"I mean, you're no Howard Stark, but you'll still be a good addition to the team," added Fury.  "Howard never would have knelt."
Also, it was rich,
"...DeSoto.  ...like the street in Los Angeles," said Tony.  "...look, I know I won you and all, but your services aren't needed.  You can scram." He made a shooing motion with his hand.
December meant that their couples interview was coming up. Steve was honestly kind of nervous. Up to this point the details of their relationship had remained mostly private and he was pretty sure they were about to get exposed and dragged apart. He just hoped the interviewer would be on their side and not work against them, and the worst thing was that it was on live TV! It was a Christmas special thing, Aria had told him, but honestly Steve hadn't really been listening.
"So," asked the reporter pleasantly, "are you two planning on starting a family anytime soon?"
It made Steve feel better when Joey said this was to do with HYDRA. But it obviously wasn't enough to ease Tony's conscience.
Pepper sighed.
out of his league."
"Is now really the time?  I'm trying to kill you.  On your right!"
Steve shook his head. "I... I don't know. He said it as justified because of what I'd said before, about Donner... but I never meant it! I just wanted to show Donner how gross he was. I didn't mean I'd ever actually do anything for him.  I don't negotiate with terrorists; I don't trade lives like that. I didn't--" He was tearing up a little again, but not crying properly. Phil leaned forward and put a hand his knee.
," repeated Tony, squeezing Steve's hand under the table.
"What about St-- him?"
is, they were all betas.  A thousand, fifteen hundred... fuck, man, maybe even two thousand women.  And they were betas, Steve.  I've probably slept with, like, less than ten omegas and they were all on suppressants.  They didn't act or smell or seem like omegas.  I
cooperate with them.
"I'm sorry I threw up on you," he said, tone lightly teasing and that drew a finally genuine smile out of Pepper, even if it was only a small one.
"...please," said Tony quickly, hoarsely.  He was good at compartmentalizing; he didn't want to talk about the hand thing, not now, not while he was still hard and buried into Steve.  Actually, he didn't ever really want to talk about it.  He just wanted to fuck his omega and then go get lunch.  He put his hands back at his sides, fingers flexing; he could still feel where Steve had touched him and pinned him.
. He's an omega; his reputation is delicate. War hero or not." Her eyes glazed over with something sad. "I've seen it happen before."
Steve had been running for about an hour when he got a text from JARVIS (it was still strange getting messages from an AI, but he was slowly getting used to it). He'd turned back, taking a quicker pace and a shorter route so it would only take him half an hour to get home. It was still so early that no one else was out on the beach, thankfully. And it was an overcast day, the sun barely making itself known through the clouds.
"--booked for about the next week," a familiar voice on the other line was saying.
drop?!"
Natasha and Tony ended up back at the bar whilst Sam sipped at his soda and Steve picked at breadstick crumbs. "Gonna have to take him home already at this rate," he sighed and glanced between the bar and the crumb filled basket with a soft sigh. He was honestly glad Tony was letting go, in hindsight. After such a tense week it was so very important for him to let go.  To relax. Steve leaned back in his seat, wanting nothing more than to get back home and cuddle up in bed next to him. Public spaces weren't his friend right now.
Most of the artists had already left to go to the function. After all, Steve really should be the one arriving there last. He looked at Tony warily, who was either still drunk or over emotional from the song. Or perhaps an unhealthy combination of both.
"So you want to talk to Steve?" interrupted Tony.
Steve had had a lot of omega friends, but most of them had fallen away, one by one.  Bonded, mated, and cooped up at home as perfect houseomegas bearing happy, healthy whelps. Steve had never envied them.
Could omegas have back-to-back heats?  Was that it, maybe?  Could Tony blame his actions on that?  He didn't know enough about omegas to know.  The room smelled like arousal but that meant nothing, considering the position they had been in moments earlier.
Tony shook himself out of his musings and went back to work, trying not to watch Steve's muscles rippling under his shirt as he slammed the shield prototype through plaster.
Dr. Brennan tented her fingers.  "A lot of guys back in your day recklessly endangered themselves?" she asked, cocking an eyebrow.  It didn't sound like an accusation, but a genuine question. "...I have to be honest with you about something, Steve.  I saw the interview that came out back in January, right before you went missing. In fact, I re-watched it last night.  It was very difficult to watch. There was a lot of anger there, toward HYDRA and toward both of your mates. I don't necessarily think that's an army thing."
"Bike," said Tony immediately.  "What is that, a Triumph?"  He stuck his hand out automatically for the keys, then realized Steve planned on driving.
on HBO, and kicked off his shoes to enjoy it.  He could almost,
's like Twelve," said Nine, casting an enviable glance over.  She lowered her voice conspiratorially. "She was runner-up for Miss Illinois before they found out her status.  She was all doped up on suppressants trying to hide it. Snob. Her parents tried to send her to Shore's Breath but they were filled up."
He punched the wall. Once, twice, three times. Then he gripped the wood, wrapping it back until he could eventually get the metal plate the chain was attached to off.
Steve had only been back to Brooklyn once since this whole thing started. He'd gone to visit his Ma's house. The flat he'd used to share with Bucky had been turned into an ice cream parlour that sat above a hairdressers. That had warmed his heart a little. But the visit had been fleeting and soon Steve was dragged back into SHIELD training again. It had been good to go back there. His heart had needed it. He nuzzled against Tony's neck and sighed quietly.
"Good.  Bring me a bottle of Drambuie and get the hell out."
Natasha crouched beside him.  "Hey, buddy.  ...what's wrong?"
The split-second pause after landing had given Rhodey enough time to grab him; the weight of the suit slamming into the other, combined with the speed, causing both of them to slide all the way across the stage, through a screen, and down a half-flight of stairs into the table of food Tony had been eyeing less than thirty minutes earlier.
"Nat, I'm 27...sort of. You can't have a midlife crisis when you're 27," Steve sighed, touched by her concern but frustrated by it too. "And you know very well that if I hadn't done this on my own bat Fury would have persuaded me not to. I just had to, Nat. I found bugs in my apartment. And on my laptop. I'm not willing to work with him now, at all. He was
"Yes." Phil said. "And if there's any marks, we'll need to photograph those."
The soldier stumbled, confused by the memory, but he was here, that as all that mattered, the target was in front of him.
"Cap said seven, yeah?" asked Sam.
"Are you crazy?  If you kill the captain, they'll murder us!"
Tony looked down at his wrist watch.  It was brown. "...it doesn't," he confirmed.
Peggy was an Alpha.  An Alpha who believed in him.
Tony wasn't even sure why he had wanted to come in the first place.  He didn't know Clint or Natasha; he wasn't an Avenger.  He'd just wanted to spend more time with Steve.  But they would have a hell of a time explaining why Tony was there at all.
Tony turned and so did everyone else.
"I read your files.  And his.  He's in SHIELD's archive, y'know.  He did a lot for this organization, back in the day."
Tony beamed at him.  "You are, you're so good, you're my omega... I'm going to protect you, don't worry, you're safe here."  He offered Steve a chip of ice with one hand, his other playing with the waistband of Steve's pants. "It's just us," he said softly.  Steve's head lolled as he trailed ice over him. Steve was sweating despite the air-conditioning, shivering violently; Tony had already shoved every blanket in the room over to him, so that he was cocooned in them on the edge of the couch.
" said Tony.
"Oh!  And here's Tony with his bunny.  Tony, do you remember Bunny?"
Tony laughed, dragging a hand over his face.  "Oh.  Oh, man, I fucked it up, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to fall asleep.  I forgot I'm forty now.  No, uh, Netflix and chill is when.... halfway through the movie I start putting moves on you.  ...like this."
"It's fine," Steve assured him. He could feel Tony's own guilt pang in his chest and he felt bad for his mate. Ty did have a point, however. He wasn't blaming Tony solely, he was just making the point that no one did anything. All it would have taken was one person and he could have gotten out sooner.
...and then there was Ty.  No matter how much he liked having reunited with his old friend, Tony would never get over the creepy-crawly sensation that Ty's smell evoked.  At least Steve still had the gland, even if it was "confused" and had accepted another Alpha's bond. At least Steve was still whole.
Logic was telling him to step down gracefully, to listen to Steve, who was making sense.  Who had an excellent point about not upsetting Pepper.  Who had a good head on his shoulders and who was one of the only people in the room who wasn't drunk or high or some combination of the two.
"Okay, take three.  I'm here with Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, the current face of omega civil rights, in his Malibu home, where Steve is currently in preheat.  Steve, what sort of myths about heats do you find are still prevalent here in the twenty-first century?"
He sneezed into the coffee but didn't move his face from the can.  Natasha was right; the strong smell was good at helping him keep a level head.  This, he thought bitterly, was the sort of thing Howard should have taught him.
care of myself!"  His grip on Steve tightened a tiny bit more.  "Do me first," he said.  "...aren't there any omega doctors?"
.  He still has the mating mark."
"Can you divert some of the funds from the Maria Stark foundation to the refugees in northern Wakanda?" asked Tony as he stepped into the shower.
Tony shrugged off his jacket and undid his tie and shirt buttons, kicking off his clothes until he was in his underwear before flopping onto the bed with Steve.
"Till the end of the line, yeah," Steve said, his eyes glazing over a little with the threat of tears. He swallowed down the lump in his throat but didn't dare look aware from Bucky, as if he might lose him if he broke their gaze. "I thought I lost you twice. Turns out both times I was wrong. I'm so sorry I left you down there in that ravine; I'll never forgive myself for that, Buck..."
, Danielle!" said Banksy, giving her hand a light smack.  He turned to Steve. "But, yes, we will order a pizza, it'll be great.  And we think your charity is just amazing, so make sure you talk about that on air, it's unscripted and live so I'll try to ask a few leading questions so you can promote it.  The SA would love to help in any way we can."
"The media are going to go mental when they see it," he whispered, head hanging low. "And they...t-they have no right to know what happened."
He fumbled with the door handle and slipped out of the lab, into the hall.  It was dimly lit, impossibly long and narrow.  Tony couldn't breathe; he was gasping for breath but he still felt like he was drowning, like an invisible hand had a vice grip on his neck.
Tony looked over at Steve in alarm.  He'd seen it was Fury and he doubted they were getting a call to wish them happy anniversary.
"Good morning Steve," he nodded, holding a tea in both of his hands. He'd gotten here early. Today definitely wasn't a day when he'd want to risk being late. Happy was wearing a dark grey shirt instead of his usual white one. "How's he doing?"
"Pretty sure he doesn't mind anything right now," Aria mumbled, watching as Steve sat down on the sofa, legs crossed. Once he'd eaten the grapes he tried to eat the grape stalks and then pulled a face at the taste.
Tony picked Steve back up, scooping him into his arms.  "Meet you at the hospital!" he said, and hit the jets before Steve could protest to being carried.
"Here's pizza," Steve said, opening the box and pushing it along so Tony could reach out.
It was hard for Tony to ask, but he wanted to be a better Alpha, and he couldn't just ignore the fact that Steve had another bond.  He was scared of Steve's answer. Scared that Steve would say that, yes, he could feel him, this other Alpha's hopes, thoughts, feelings... that he knew whatever dark and secretive plots Barnes was up to at the moment.
"Lunch sounds good," Steve hummed, closing his eyes as Tony leaned in. He squeezed their fingers together briefly. Sometimes he didn't appreciate who wonderfully calming an influence Tony could have on him. He let the other lead them back toward the hotel.
"Here. They told me you'd be cold." Brock offered him his jacket, which Steve reluctantly accepted. It smelt of the wrong Alpha but it was warm, at least, and that was something.
suit was unsettling, to say the least.
"Jesus Christ, Fred, no more Long Islands," said Lola, disgusted, yanking the drink out of Fred's hand.  "No one killed Trickshot and you're being an ass."
"They went into stairwell 4." Sam said. "Took out three guards, took their clothes--"
Tony took two defiant steps toward the villa, but then, suddenly, remembered the time he and Steve had been fighting Vanko and his drones.  Remembered how many times he'd yelled for Steve to duck or roll or cover, and then fired off a shot or a laser or something, trusting that Steve had gotten out of the way.
"I don't know," Steve admitted. "When Barney is out of hospital, we'll probably leave. I work with his brother. We're friends. I want to get him back to him."
"Off the record," added Fury.
Steve didn't ride him like he had in the bath. Steve didn't want to break the table, or any of Tony's equipment. Or Tony. He kept the pace steady and thorough, rising up and down in a slow but firm rhythm. He moaned quietly from the back of his throat as he bottomed out yet again, cheeks not flushed from his run anymore.
"Under-caffeinated and sober," said Tony, glaring at Natasha.
"F-fuck, sorry--" gasped Tony, reaching down to jack himself off.  He lay his head on Steve's stomach, staring greedily at the flaccid penis lying across his stomach.  "Fuck these heats-- fuck 'em-- let me cum on your face--" He groaned in frustration. He hated the feeling of not being in control, of being such a sad, gooey, organic, sex-driven mess.  Tony had always had sex on his own terms and also felt superior in his intelligence.
Steve took the pill and downed the whole glass of water. He nearly dropped the glass but Tiberius caught it in time. He shivered a little at the graze of teeth near that sensitive spot on his neck.  Steve swallowed.
Phil and Clint knelt by the hole and glanced in.
drunk. March was too hard for him, in between the anniversary of his escape from Afghanistan and his parents' death.  Steve sighed, bubbles bobbling up to the surface.
Tony looked up, his face obscured behind a pair of dark welding goggles.  "...leave in an hour for what?" he yelled over the blaring music of KISS. "This flight-capable, modular armor isn't gonna build itself, you know!"  He reached over to the weld power supply to turn it off, then shoved his goggles up on his head.
"What's wrong, James?" asked Wanda.  "It took you an hour to pick that out.  Don't you like it?"
Part of Tony's personality was a tendency to fixate on things.  His tunnel-vision usually occurred with engineering problems and was part of the reason he was capable of working for thirty-six hour blocks with no sleep or food.  But it applied to other things, and it was clear this was one of them: he was having trouble accepting that they would not be going to the lodge for Christmas this year.
Tony bit his shoulder anyway, just because he'd asked.  He bit until he tasted blood, then pulled away. He regretted it after he'd done it; now, with the mark on Steve's shoulder, he could compare it to the one on his neck and see how different they were.  And besides, Steve's body would just heal the shoulder-mark in like twelve hours anyway, so what was the point?
"I'll sign," said Tony, casting a look around his front steps.  There were dozens more orchids.  He scrawled a signature on a piece of paper ("MARIAH CAREY" - Tony only ever signed his actual name on important paperwork and photos of himself) and took the two orchids and the tulips.  "Steve, I'm gonna need help!" he called, leaving the door open and hauling in the flowers.  "There's, like, probably thirty or forty more fucking orchids on our porch, it's starting to look like the Amazon out there, help me bring them in.  Here, these three are all for you, apparently..."
"Will do," Steve assured him, smiling a little. He reached around and squeezed Tony's hand. "Sounds like we need to pack our bags."
"I think I'd rather go to court," he joked with Steve on the plane ride back.  Their court appearances had waned a little.
"You're unbonded. Tony will kill you," Natasha murmured into her comms unit. "You stay there.  I'm trying to talk to him but he's gone feral.  Stark? Can you even hear me? You need to get up. Steve isn't safe here. Your
"Very unique," agreed Aria.
Tony looked surprised.  "...really? Last time I saw her was at my intervention in '99."
"Sometimes I can't help feeling like I'm living on borrowed time, though," Steve confessed and glanced down. "That I cheated some way in getting here and it's gonna catch back up to me one day, you know?" He thought back to his test today, to the Winter Soldier shooting him right between the eyes...
"...you watchin' the show?" asked Tony, sounding casual.  He was desperately hoping Sam would say no.
They were on a short time scale, after all.
It didn't matter; the elevator was already heading rapidly toward the thirty-fourth floor lounge, which was empty except for men in suits with earpieces who were clearly there for security reasons only.  The lounge looked strangely empty with all of its lone tables, draped in white cloths and ornament with little tea candles.
Tony tensed a little more when Steve grabbed his hands; his breath caught.
Seeing Tony almost fight Justin goddamn Hammer because he wouldn't let go of his hand...that was a weird, surreal moment. He didn't think Tony cared. Sure, he seemed to like Steve physically but Stark was a famous guy who was surrounded by good looking people on a constant basis. Steve was his type, a
Donner mumbled a hello, and did a double-take at Tony's grey squirrel onesie.  Tony had pulled the hood back up over his head and the two ears were standing perkily. "...you two
"I'm...I'm so sorry Tony. That I called them," he whispered. "I don't know why I did that. I think I'm a pretty terrible omega too."
Tony looked up at Steve.  He was holding a box. Tony stared at it curiously.  His heart hurt, from anxious and love and probably three other emotions Tony didn't have a name for.
She had a good point.
They remained knotted for a half-hour; by the time Tony's knot had subsided enough to pull out, he was able to get erect again, and the he went right back to pounding Steve into the mattress.
"...I created that new element," blurted Tony, trying to fill the silence.  He was suddenly very aware that he was only wearing boxer-briefs.
Pepper looked unconvinced and it occurred to Steve that the reason she was here was to check on Tony with her own two eyes.  On the phone, Tony could lie to her; it was easier for her to check up on him in person.  He was still limping; Pepper's eyes were examining him all over, critically, assessing his condition even as he tried to hide it.  After their conversation in the pool, Steve could understand Pepper's demand that he take care of Tony; Tony bordered on helpless when it came to self-care.  Forty years of being conditioned to be waited on hand and foot had made him incredibly lackadaisical about his health.
An omega who looked like a waiter passed by them. "Hey," Steve asked them. "Can I get a drink?"
Steve stilled. "Nat, I really don't wanna talk about that right now."
Wanda was taking a breather.  Pietro was pacing. His version of pacing involved occasional spurts of speed that gave him the impression of a hummingbird or a tape that was being fast-forwarded.
"--what are you doing here, anyway?" asked Richard.  "How on earth do you plan to knock that omega up?"
The room felt thick and heavy with... something. Whatever it was, Steve didn't like it. None of the group did, in fact. There was something especially
"I tol' you I'm
"What was it like being his PA for weeks? Like...did you get together before or after?"
He still remembered the simulation...finding Tony in the cave and him thinking he was an angel.
"Oh my God," Steve whispered. "He's alive." He knew one thing, if there was a chance that Clint's brother was alive then he would be. If he was anything like Clint, then there was no doubt. Everything they'd endured...
Steve took the water bottle gratefully. He drank it. The water slid down his throat wonderfully. It was cool and smooth and he instantly felt better. He sighed in relief and dropped the empty and crumpled bottle onto the floor once it was empty, going back to pawing at Tony until he gently pried his hands away. If Steve had carried on he probably have hurt himself. He looked dazed still, even if he was cooler now. JARVIS was reading that his body temperature was far less alarming then before and Steve wasn't sweating anymore.
The smell alone of Steve was proof of that.
"Tony, you have to come back home.
"I didn't mean to create this kind of shit storm," Steve said and he really hadn't. He'd sort of just forgotten, or chose to ignore, that his actions had consequences. And his friends getting into a hell of a lot of trouble for him was one of them. He felt bad, all of a sudden. They hadn't deserved this and he'd literally brought this on
Admittedly, Tony knew why.  Kneeling was one of those incredibly intimate things mates did.  They weren't mates.  Just friends.
PR mess, by the way, you fired your omega
There was a tentative knock at the door and Tiberius poked in.  "Hi, pill time." He looked at Steve's curled body, at Tony's sour face and slouched shoulders.  "...is everything okay? What's wrong?" he asked.
"Thank you, Tony, that's very nice.  Don't say that in front of any reporters."
Steve wriggled back against his mate, and Tony growled against his neck when he felt his head nudging against Steve's puckered, expectant entrance.  He sighed slowly with satisfaction as Steve eased himself onto Tony; when he felt the knot getting squeezed in, he bit down automatically with a groan of delight, tugging at the skin on Steve's neck.
"Hey, wait a second.  How did you know what Natasha said?
When T'Chaka actually spoke to him it dragged Steve out of his daze. He shook the king's hand warmly. "Sorry. The traffic was awful. It's a pleasure to meet you," Steve said, his usual polite self. T'Chaka had a warmness in his eyes. Steve instantly liked him.
He grabbed one of the $7 bottles of water from the mini-bar and offered it to Donner.  Donner didn't open it because he didn't want to cost this Alpha any more money and get yelled at later by Chantelle.
"Is that Captain America?" one of the kids whispered, the girl hiding her face against a friend's shoulder.
"Steve, you don't have to act like you're not crying.  I can literally feel you crying. Remember? Bonded?" said Tony, pointing to his stomach.  He wasn't sure why he pointed there; it was just that his gut was most often where he felt Steve.  "...if it makes you feel better, I can cry too. We can both cry if you want. It's okay to cry, you know."
a false memory?  Steve and Bucky, bonded: true or false?  The simulation had left Tony feeling uncertain of everything, a sensation he had frankly very little experience with.
Steve almost felt his cheeks heat up. "I've met some incredible people," he said. "Maybe there's potential...but it's hard to find someone who could handle dating...well, me. I mean, I'm ninety-two, it's weird, there's a big learning curve for me.  I still don't really understand how emojis work." That made Marcus laugh.
"We are really sorry," Mackenzie said. "The boys were just following orders. It's their job."
But that wasn't really what Steve wanted, was it?  He cringed every time Tony touched his neck. Tony hadn't realized he was treated Steve so delicately, but he was only doing it because he didn't want to hurt him.  Did that make him a bad Alpha, to not be selfish? To worry about Steve's well-being?
Steve took the photo and stared at it hungrily, longingly, and Tony knew he'd made the right decision to share it.
"What was it like for you before the serum?"
Tony bristled.  "I didn't-- he
"He won't."
"Steve, in a week's time you're going to save over a thousand kids. You're not a joke. You're serious business. Once your heat is over, you two will see what you can achieve together. And it's going to be incredible."
When he got to Malick's floor, he found Donner just leaving the room.
And...and...No. It would do him no good to think of
their omegas there to boss around," said Tony, in the first coherent sentence since his freak-out in the shower.
Bucky hesitated but obeyed.  He didn't know what else to do.  The General was watching the suit as if he was in charge and they unlocked the cell door with an electronic device, and he slipped in, hearing the door beep closed behind him.
to him. Some things were meant to be kept private, or mostly private...
"He knew my mother's name. It's why he stopped trying to assault me the first time. I remember that."
"Okay, well... I'll be there soon.  But if my smell does bother you, let me know, and I'll leave.  I know it's unsettling.
Insane.  Tony's words were insane.  He
he do? Steve wasn't sure he wanted to find out.
Was it safe to put a feverish person into hot water?  Tony had no idea. He was trusting his and Steve's biology.  But just to be safe, he ran it warm instead of hot.
"Peggy will certainly approve," Steve told him, trying to ease Tony about the looming visit tomorrow. He could feel that the other was nervous, even if he didn't entirely understand why.
The hours before a fight were always...strange. It was a time of quiet excitement and giddy anticipation. It was a time to cherish what you had just in case you didn't get time to later. Not that Steve had any doubts about this mission...but within twelve hours they would be in a fight, probably killing people who were trying to kill them, and that sort of thing made you appreciate the calm before the storm. Steve didn't want to have any regrets.
"Yes, Agent Hill."  Phil turned and stalked out, glancing over his shoulder.  "Take care, Captain." He closed the door behind him, leaving Steve alone in bed.
Steve's words coursed through his head.
Parker was a skinny, small boy, an omega teenager with brown hair, who looked utterly exhausted.
"Steve, can you get Tony a cup of coffee, we need to leave in--"  Pepper checked her own watch. "--two minutes. ...you haven't gotten a tree yet?"
"I think we can all agree that the world really had improved quite a bit for everyone," said Louisa Ellis, firmly, diplomatically.
"I've never seen a heat come on this fast," said Aria worriedly.
"Fuck.  I'm on my way... Steve, where the hell do you want me to take him, you
Steve let out a withered sigh. He went back into the bedroom and found Tony sprawled out on the floor, half conscious and mumbling. He lifted him up like he weighed nothing and then tucked him back into bed, the middle this time so he wouldn't fall out. "Yes, yes, I love you too..." He assured him. "Try to sleep. Stop wiggling so much."
C'mon."  Tony clicked his fingers at Steve to hurry him up.  "Oh, and bring the model!  That things's cool, I might hang it up on the wall."
"Hey!" he cried.
Tony felt furious.  How dare his body betray him like this.  He was mad at Steve. Steve had tried to kill him, he couldn't trust Steve not to kill him, and Steve had a fucking side fuck, something he hadn't allowed Tony to have.  Steve didn't deserve--
Donner reached out and grabbed his arm.  "Mr. McDermott? You know... you know DeSoto's Alpha, right?"
"It's okay Steve. You don't wanna go into heat in a hospital." They really didn't. A number of doctors were often Alphas. And nursing was a popular profession for omegas. It would be chaos. "And I'll have the others by then."
"...enjoy, Captain," called the director, turning and waving a hand.
Tony didn't response.
But that wasn't important now.  They were a pair; Tony had mated him.  If necessary, he'd fight for him.  And probably lose.  But he'd still fight.
"...I also worked on getting Rhodey a good bodycam.  One word, Steve: contact lens. Wait, no, two words. Anyways, my idea is to put a chip on a contact lens and have it transmit whatever he sees to us in real time.  It'll be like we're there!"
Tony must have drifted off again because the next thing he was aware of was the smell of something rich and bacon-y.
Didn't Steve understand he
Steve reached down and stroked himself once and he became with a low moan, forehead pressed into the crook of Tony's neck as he came over his own chest and Tony's. "Fuck," he whispered, not moving from that position as he focused on the feeling of Tony's inside of him. He was perhaps a little sore now but he loved it. Steve shivered as he shifted a little, getting comfortable as he moved his hands back to brace against Tony's chest comfortably.
"Oh, forget Karpov and his little pet."
Steve was half aware of her fingers in his hair. He'd driven all the way to SHIELD, demanded a ride to England.  One of the perks of working for a place like SHIELD was how easy they made travel. It was tiring, the plane ride; planes were like luxury cruises now, smooth and quiet compared to the ones in Steve's day.  But the travel itself was still exhausting.
Steve stepped out after her and stared out over the crowd. He moved to the side so Tony could get out too and he felt... surprisingly okay. Their bodyguards were already spread out, pushing back the protesters and paparazzi. He spotted Bethany's bright hair and saw her punch a hole in one guy's sign that said something about sucking dick on it. He had to bite back a grin.
"I think I can cope with an old WWII place Tony," Steve said with a fond sort of smile. "I don't think I'll get any flashbacks from old rooms with tables and maps in them. If anything, I'd get PTSD from boredom. They'd make me sit through so many meetings... God, it damn near killed me some days, I swear."
"...that's what Rhodey says," said Tony, looking up.
you."  He tried to kiss Steve, stumbled, missed, and ended up kissed his neck instead.  Because of Steve's size, having Tony dangle off him the whole way to the car wasn't really an issue, which made Tony giggle even more.  "Steve, are you aware you are
He just about managed to nod. Donner reached for his hand and frowned when he felt Steve's fingers were limp.
Once the cup of water was gone Steve's (well, Tony's) phone started ringing. Steve put it on loud speaker and then dropped it on the cot.
"We could go grab dinner," Aria piped up.
He gently pushed Tony into the shower. "Look, that's not so hard, is it?"
PS: Prepare yourselves for angst-angst-angst-angst-angst.  #sorrynotsorry
The director checked his watch impatiently as he tapped his foot just on the other side of Steve's cell.  "...late," he muttered in annoyance, then looked up at Steve and Bucky.  He smiled. "Well, look who's awake. Having fun yet, Captain? ...things are about to get even better.  I'm glad you approve of your new mate. It will make this much easier, no doubt."
It was two days before Thanksgiving when Steve and Tony were woken in the middle of the night.  It was just before 4 am and Steve's immediate thought was that it was Fury.
better for us now than in your time.  Arranged bonding is illegal.  Every year, fewer omegas are bought or sold or traded.  But yes, there are still underground auctions houses and black markets, and we didn't tell you because we knew you couldn't handle hearing about it.  We can't have you flying off the handle every time you find out about an injustice in the world. The world's full of them. You'll go crazy trying to solve them all."  Phil didn't sound defeated, just tired. Years-- decades-- of being a SHIELD agent meant that he had seen it all, knew just how bad things got. He'd been on plenty of cases that haunted him.  Everyone had. Being the one to break it to Captain America that life wasn't fair, even in the modern-day United States, was a heavy burden in and of itself.
"...what song are you singing tomorrow?" asked Tony, trying to re-orient himself.  His head was throbbing again, like it did sometimes. He blamed James for being named James and making him think of James, aka,
Steve must have looked shocked, because DeSoto scrambled to add, "He wouldn't
"You excited to see Peggy?" asked Tony as he handed over his card to Christine, trying to shift the topic.  Tony himself was nervous; he hadn't seen Peggy for about two decades.
collared you, you'd be into it.  But we both know that you don't want it from me, and I don't want to hurt you.  Because I really care about you. Really love you. And even if I'm a shitty Alpha who can't stand up for you, or fight for you, or anything like that... I can at least say I won't ever hurt you.  That's... something. Literally the least I can do. But it's something."
“You know what?”
Tony barks out a laugh despite himself, its harsh, almost broken. It goes quiet again after that, he’s not sure how long they sit there quietly, staring at everything else but each other. Eventually, Steve stands up, and offers a hand to Tony. “We should probably get back, I think they’re starting soon.” He’s asking a question, even if it’s not verbalized.
The rest of the day goes pretty smoothly as the UN moderators go through the plan for the weekend. They’ll spend Friday discussing how to proceed, what changes need to be made to the accords (there are a lot), who is going to be relocating and when, and what details are going to be revealed in the press release that comes out on Sunday. On Saturday there will be a (small) press conference and everyone will be packed up and shipped out by Sunday morning. Tony fidgets in his seat the whole time and tries not to look at his phone, it’s not that he’s bored, it’s just that he’s been planning this for months and he already knows every detail of this weekend by heart. Also Steve keeps looking at him and he keeps looking back.
“Yeah?” His voice is even softer now, he’s turned to look at Tony, his eyes soft.
“I know how important this is and I don’t want to screw it up, but I hate having to talk about what happened over and over again..."
Rhodey gets there first, pulling Tony into a warm hug.
“Captain Rogers!” Calls a reporter.
Rogers,
Rogers,
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve comes back to New York early. Tony gets a text that he’s about to leave Wakanda and does not spend the rest of the morning freaking out thank you very much. He worries for longer than he’d like to admit about whether or not he should go to the airport, and although Steve isn’t due to arrive till around 5pm, he drives himself to the airport for 3. The excuse he uses in his head is that he’s feeling claustrophobic in the tower, the real reason is that he’s far too anxious to wait any longer and as much as he refuses to admit it to himself, he wants to see Steve as soon as possible and before anyone else. He considers waiting in the car briefly but gives up on that rather quickly once he realizes how poor the signal is in the parking garage. He opts instead to sit in one of the terrible airport cafes and pokes at his phone anxiously, barely drinking the coffee he bought. He has a spot where he can see the arrivals board clearly, Steve’s flight isn’t actually on there, he’s coming in privately and Tony will get a call when he lands, but for some reason he feels as though he needs to keep checking it.
Sometimes I resented you a little, he cared about you more than he cared about me and that hurt, it hurt a lot and it wasn’t fair, but I got over that eventually. When I first met you, I won’t lie I was a little excited, its not every day you get to meet your childhood hero, unfortunately that excitement didn’t last. We were just, at each other’s throats instantly, and I thought to myself, dad really was full of shit.  Some of that I will in fact blame on the staff, but not all of it, I didn’t handle it well, but then we fought together, we worked together, and yeah, my dad was wrong. He always talked about how great Captain America was, what he never said was that Steve Rogers was so much more than that.
“Alright… I’m so sorry about all this.”
Steve,
When he wakes up for the last time it’s properly morning. He checks the time, 9:37, Rhodey left around 8. He realizes very quickly there’s no coffee in his workshop and briefly laments his fate before shuffling upstairs to the kitchen. He knows he probably looks like a mess but there’s no one here who hasn’t seen him like this before, even if it has been a while, so they can deal with it. He’s staring at the coffee maker, willing it to go faster with his mind when Steve enters the kitchen. Tony doesn’t even notice he’s there until he brushes by, just barely touching Tony’s back. He freezes instantly, almost drops the mug he’s holding. Steve mercifully doesn’t notice, but Tony doesn’t stop to check. It’s not like he hasn’t touched Steve since, but he’s always initiated the contact. With what happened last night, this is really not great timing. His coffee isn’t done yet so he stands there, counting the seconds, and trying to breathe evenly.
“Well, alright then, I guess I’ll see you then?” The smile on his face is so soft and so fragile Tony thinks he could shatter it easily. But he won’t, he doesn’t want to, it’s beautiful.
“Thank you.”
“It’ll be okay Tony,” he says, resting his hand on his friend’s shoulder. “I know you don’t think you’re good at ‘emotions’ and ‘talking and stuff’, but you’re a genius, you’ll figure it out.”
Rogers,
Part of me is really looking forward to this being over but part of me doesn't want to go home, this place feels like its outside of time, outside of consequences. If we leave we have to face reality.
“Yeah, I-yeah I’m okay.” He says haltingly and Tony scoffs a little.
“NO, I mean, no, you shouldn’t stay in Brooklyn. You’ve got a perfectly good room waiting for you, I mean, if, if you want it that is. At the tower.” There’s a dawning realization on his face and Tony has to look away, they were never good at keeping up their poker faces around each other. “It’s pretty empty with everyone gone and well, I’m trying to get everyone to come back. Plus its better, strategically if we’re not all in the same place, probably. Sam and the rest of kids are going to be sort of based out of the compound.”
Tony wakes up to a small amount of sunlight drifting in through the blinds in his room. It’s still so quiet, Steve had left late. They hadn’t said much, it had all been so overwhelming and clearly neither of them was quite prepared to have a proper conversation about everything that had happened. Honestly, he was kind of glad, he had given thought to the possibility that they would have an exhausting emotional conversation but the thought had pretty much just been ‘dear god I hope not’.
“I have a feeling he’d let you.” Tony lets his head fall forward onto Rhodey’s shoulder, breathing easier now. “really it’s okay, it’s only the first day and it’s not like I don’t get nightmares all the time anyways.”
“Yeah, yes, sure, no problem.” Steve says as Tony flees the room, cursing his fate.
A small fight breaks out after everyone’s done eating between Clint, Sam, Nat, and Bucky over Wii Tennis, but everyone is laughing. It ends as soon as Pepper arches her eyebrows at them from across the room. They continue to elbow and trip each other whenever she’s not looking, only stopping when the game finally ends, Nat and Bucky grinning smugly. Steve stands near Tony and watches them, smiling as he does. Tony thinks fuck it, and breaks the silence.
Rogers,
“What?”
“I’m far too pretty to pay rent!” Clint says, all mock offended. Tony just closes his eyes, sighs heavily, and lets his head fall back onto the back of the love seat. It’s good to have more people back, even if people means Clint. Bruce has hinted that he might be back before the end of November which is good to hear. It’s also good to hear he’s alive and alright. Tony worries, possibly too much, about the team when they’re away. Huh, so they’re a team again, that’s a though. Not one that’s going to be examined any time soon though, he files it away for another day, or not.
He can tell, even without looking that Steve is going to be trying to find a way out of the conversation he’s having, that he’s going to do it and apologize and walk over and Tony doesn’t know if he can handle that. Everything suddenly seems too bright and too loud and there’s too many people and oh god he can’t do this. His eyes scan the room frantically, searching for an exit, his eyes land on Steve again, he’s apologizing to- Lang he was talking to Lang, and Tony finally sees a door near him and practically runs out of the room, shutting it behind him.
Steve – Heard about the wedding, send my regards to the happy couple
“I’m not answering that.” Tony thinks he might have to sit down, suddenly he is sitting down, sort of. He’s down at any rate, or not, because Steve catches him before he hits the floor and half carries him over to the couch. That’s going to have to be recovered again he thinks and laughs a little, ahh shit Steve is giving him another look this isn’t going to work is it. “Okay, fine but not all of it and I’m not talking about this right now, ask me when I’m not bleeding.”
“I know you addressed this to the captain but I’m sure he won’t mind if I steal it away?” He barely needs to glance at Steve to know he’s pulling back and nodding, not sure whether to be relieved yet. “As all of you here are likely aware, Captain Rogers and the rest of his team were pardoned by the UN earlier this fall and a statement was published in their official records. Which are of course, available to the public. I’m sure you’ll find a sufficiently detailed answer to your question there, as the UN were the ones who ultimately made the decision and Captain Rogers was not exactly in the room to comment.” One side of Steve’s mouth very quickly quirks up and Tony leans back, much better. Honestly though, asking about something that the media had already gotten wind of and analyzed half to death? It was clearly a ploy to try and wind Steve up, luckily it was a terrible one.
“Hello Captain Rogers, it’s a pleasure to have you back.” Tony’s not entirely sure if JARVIS is telling the truth, he didn’t seem entirely thrilled when Tony let him know but unfortunately for him Tony is the one who gets to give out invites. Not that JARVIS couldn’t just lock anyone out but he wouldn’t do that, probably.
“I know,” and he finally looks at Steve, really looks at him, and Tony wants to reach out so badly, wants to wipe off the tear rolling down his face… He is utterly at sea here, in this room, with this man, he is so completely lost and he wants to go home more than anything, but home is here, was here, in this room and even though its right beside him it feels so far away.
I don’t want them to become obsolete a year after I release them, partially because I’ve got better things to do than design new ones, partially because I love new tech but that’s ridiculous and a huge waste. That’s why I don’t release a new model every year, I think we’re doing about every three years at this point, while continuing to upgrade older models while things are in development. We’re also trying to make them easy to fix so that they don’t have to be replaced so often, which means making really powerful tech that is also simple enough for anyone with internet and basic awareness to fix. We’re not quite there yet I don’t think, but it’s a fun challenge, one I should probably get back on.
The food is finished right before the guests arrive, Steve is being fussy because he doesn’t think the plates are being laid out nicely enough and it makes Tony smile a little, to see everything so normal. Clint has partially untied himself, it was Natasha’s work so he couldn’t get it all undone, and she’s finally merciful, undoing the rest with a single strategic pull. He stretches, cracking his joints loudly and grinning up at her, she just calls him gross and rolls her eyes.
That’s one of the reasons I built B.A.R.F. (one day I’ll find a better acronym), it helps in some ways. Lets me see her again at the very least. I miss her every single day, I know you know what its like to lose your parents, especially when its not to something like old age. It never goes away, that hurt, and there’s a part of me that’s glad it doesn’t, it’d feel wrong to let go of it completely. It gets better, easier, but it never goes away, that horrible ache. I wish I could tell her I love her one more time.
Tony pulls another face, “I was kind of hoping JARVIS wouldn’t tell on me.”
“You know, been better, been worse… I’m okay, it’s okay.” He makes a bit of a face which Rhodey raises an eyebrow at, but it’s the truth, honestly.
“Is anyone else here yet?” Steve’s voice snaps him out of his racing thoughts.
The wedding is finally over and done with, they’re on their honeymoon and I feel like sleeping for 1000 years. I mean I wont, but I feel like I could.  It went almost perfectly, there was a small issue with the catering, the sauces for two of the dishes somehow got mixed up and they ruined a couple portions, but I think I got it fixed before Pep noticed so I’m pretty pleased.
Rhodey, Happy, and Pep have a bet on how far into the ceremony we’ll get before I start crying. Pepper, angel that she is, bet that I wouldn’t lose it until the very end but honestly all four of us are gonna be a mess. Pepper won’t look like one, she never does but she’ll be a mess. Happy thinks I won’t cry at all but I still sign his cheques so that doesn’t count. Rhodey is terrible and evil and bet that I’ll start while I’m walking her down the isle but he’s probably right.
Rogers,
Tony just hums noncommittally and continues making his coffee. Steve showers quickly, he almost always does so that’s nothing new although it is something Tony forgets in his pre-coffee state. The door to the bathroom opens as Tony pours his coffee very well nearly all over his hand. Steve has clearly forgotten to bring clothing with him into the bathroom and as such walks out in a towel. It isn’t like Tony has never seen Steve less than fully clothed before, it’s just well… it’s been a while that’s all and his reaction is perfectly natural thank you very much.
“Oh… well, I can, I can go to DC if you’d like I jus-”
I know you and the rest of the gang are running some “super secret” missions in Europe and North Africa, I think Tasha wants me to find the info, I know she’s usually way better at hiding it from me. She’s doing a good job, no need to worry, most people wouldn’t be able to get in but I think she left a back door for me and JARVIS. Also, you’re not being as sneaky as you think you are, there’s some shakey cellphone footage from that op you ran in Prague and some security cam footage from Istanbul, don’t worry I wiped them as soon as I saw them. Just because I’m mad at you doesn’t mean I’m not watching your back, you need all the help you can get.
It’s a bit later when he wakes up, the show is still playing but it’s not the same episode. Clint and Natasha have fallen asleep half on top of each other and there’s a blanket lightly covering them now. Come to think of it there’s one covering him too. He looks down in mild sleepy confusion and then looks back towards the hallway where he can see Steve’s quietly retreating form. Tony opens his mouth to call him back but stops. Not today. But he thanks him silently and feels a little better as he falls back asleep.
He doesn’t sleep for long.
“Anything but this please.” Tony’s not picky at this point, he’s far too tired to really care and Nat and Clint will bicker about the movie choice for another ten minutes anyways. By the end of it they can’t decide on a movie so they and up watching Antiques Roadshow, Nat spotting fakes before the experts call it and Clint pointing out all the weird hats in the background. Tony falls asleep slowly smiling a little as his eyes close, and he drifts away, feeling at home for the first time in a long time.
Progress is made? Canon is being burned in a pyre in the backyard, come warm your hands by the fire
I can feel your disapproving eyebrows from here, I was already planning on passing out though so you get no credit for that one.
Or not, JARVIS is apparently going to bother me until I change and get to a proper bed.
Anyways I’m supposed to write here twice a week and I feel like this was probably enough to get her off my back for now. She probably does know what she’s doing, I mean she has a degree. I could probably get a degree in clinical psychology, wouldn’t take too long if I just- you know what I’m gonna stop myself there.
“Ok.” He takes Steve’s hand, he answers the question. Steve’s smile is soft and hopeful, it reaches his eyes.
At any rate, I’m about ready to pass out so I’m gonna get on that.
“I-I don’t know… I’ve been thinking about it, trying to talk through it for months, and in some ways I have forgiven him, but its only a version of him.” The room is quiet, silence hanging in the air. “I don’t know how I’ll react.” He’d played the scene out, dozens of times in his head, going through what he would say, it changed every time. At first he had thought he’d be calm, in control, angry but barely showing it, cold. That hadn’t lasted long.
4:27 PM
“You haven’t changed much huh?” He’s looking around the living area and smiling a little bit, he’s right in a way, not much has changed in the tower, he barely touched the living areas after they all moved to the compound, it felt wrong to. He’d lived there occasionally when it was more convenient, it was always the place that felt the most like home. He however, had changed, and suddenly he doesn’t like the way Steve is smiling right now and suddenly he really has to go. Tony silently taps the back of his phone through his pocket.
“Yeah, I’ll see you then, soon.” Steve nods and makes his way back out of the room. The door clicks shut and Tony sits down on the bed heavily, staring down at his hands. Well, that sure just happened. God they’re both utter disasters aren’t they. His thoughts are a mess and he turns towards the desk, well it couldn’t hurt.
Rogers,
I should actually go over his armor though, the Mark III is pretty good but it could always be improved… I should make him a new one, I have some ideas to make the missile launchers better and a better back up system. I installed one right after, right after the airport. I wasn’t sure if he’d ever want to use it again after that but, well he’s as stubborn as I am. I have a lot of ideas for backup power though and it’d be easier to just make a whole new suit. I mean it kind of wouldn’t be but it’d be way more fun and he deserves a new one.
“Hey J? Can you turn down the lights? I think I’m going to get some rest.”
Steve,
“Oh, Uh- Nat got in around a week ago and Rhodey’s staying for a few more days. I don’t think anyone else will be here for a while, although I half expect Clint to break through one of my windows any day now.” Steve chuckles and pauses for a moment, thinking.
It's dark out when they file out of the conference room, the whole thing had gone on a bit longer than expected but they'd managed to finish what they started. There's a palpable sense of relief in the air, this thing that had been a dark cloud over their heads for so long was finally lifted. The document they had now wasn't perfect but it was as close as something like that was ever going to reasonably get, everyone seemed at least moderately pleased as well and if that isn't a relief Tony doesn't know what is. He heads back to his room, parting ways with Steve as their paths diverge, they don't say anything, they just nod, and Tony is grateful for that. He's not entirely sure how to process what's happened this weekend but talking probably isn't it. There is however, a pad of paper on the desk in his room and, hey, that's not a terrible idea.
I know you’re sorry, and that it went farther than either of us meant for it to. But I don’t know if that’s enough yet. I forgive you but I don’t know if I can live with you.
Happy’s has to be tomorrow because I’m flying his whole entourage to London tonight and we need enough time to do what I have planned and then get back without being too jet lagged for the wedding. Don’t tell him because it’s a surprise but I called in a favour and got the owners of the house they shoot Downton Abbey in to let us have a private tour and spend most of the day there. I might actually book him in a spa day on Thursday too so he can rest and relax a bit, not the same one as Pepper because Thursday is for her but I’ll send him off somewhere nice.
It had been oddly endearing to be called a "man" and not simply a zero or a breeder or a horseshoe.  Steve had felt proud to be called a man, something male omegas never were.  He'd felt like Howard had maybe respected him.
Was he allowed to talk about Bucky?  Steve had reassured him nothing had happened.  Tony wasn't even sure if he could believe him. But whatever.  Bucky was in cryo now, supposedly.
"I have that preheat interview thing for that documentary," Steve pointed out. "We could bring it up then. But that isn't supposed to be broadcast live so...maybe we'll have to prerecord something," he sighed, clearly disappointed at the thought of missing it. "Shit."
"OPEN IT!" shrieked Tiberius and Banksy, both wearing identical grins.  Banksy loved scandal, and Tiberius, as Tony's old friend, loved embarrassing him.
Tony kept growling out comforting words, half of them simply "omega" or "Steve," shielding Steve while he cried it out.  They sat there for well over a half-hour before Donner groaned quietly in the front seat.
"Uh, no," said Tony, pulling up a long string of noodles with the chopsticks.  "I had a cup of coffee earlier, remember?  ...Happy, put on the radio.  The Steve Rogers story is still big and I want to keep on top of that.  Also, once were in the air, call Associated Press and let them know I'll be at the Expo."
Tony set down the chair and then shielded his eyes against the sun.  He waved to Happy; Happy waved back.
He didn't put Steve down.  Steve was breathing hard in his arms and was still shining with sweat and Tony didn't know how stable he'd be on his feet.
He immediately knew he was in the air because of the small window to his right. He could see clouds and the pinkish tinge of the sun rising through the sky. His head throbbed and so did his ankle. They were bruises on his neck. He could feel them.
"Santa Monica.  Just go south, you can get the UCLA med center in like an hour.  Well... forty, in this car," said Tony.
?!" Aria knocked the flash out of Happy's hand before Tony could take it then promptly dropped it out of the window. "Drive. We've wasted enough time already. God." She groaned and tilted her head back. "If we're late I'm going to kill you, Stark." The scary thing with Aria is you weren't quite sure if she meant it or not. Tony grinned at her.
The stones were large blocks of marble, surprisingly tasteful.  The date of death for Howard and Maria was the same, March 15th, 1986.  Their inscriptions were fairly basic. Maria was "loving wife and mother," Howard was a "patriot; relentlessly inspiring, uncompromisingly brilliant."
Te blond's eyes flew open and, without hesitation, he plunged his hand into the suit, his fingers fighting to pry the arc reactor from its socket.  He'd seen Tony do it, in the shower, the way he found the edges and pressed and twisted; Steve tore the arc reactor out.  And it took effort; he felt a nail bend backward, and it made his fingers bleed but Steve was
A moment later he was on the phone with Agent Rumlow.  He could hear mariachi music in the background; apparently, the team was out to lunch at some Mexican place.
Peter was already moving it by himself.  "Naw, I carried these all up earlier, I got it," he said, beaming at Tony, clearly delighted to be addressed by him.
"Okay, there.  But that's the
"Can we please put the kibosh on Russian for a while?  I'm very, very opposed to Russian at the moment.  Sorry, Madame Gorbachev," snapped Tony.  He buried his face into Steve's neck.  He had already decided he was going to probably leave today, even if it was against the doctor's orders.  His only reason for sticking around was to see Dr. McCloud again, make sure Steve was okay.  He didn't care about himself much.  His foot hurt but he was sure he could drag himself back to Malibu.
"Dude," Rex put a hand on his shoulder. "Like everyone in the Status Alliance knows the date you were born, your hat size, and your favorite candy bar. Everything kind of went mental when you came out."
"What the hell happens now?" Steve murmured into Tony's ear.
"You can't leave without even saying good-bye to George," said Banksy suddenly, desperately.  "George will be back tonight, or tomorrow morning, and he'll worry about you."
to how my name is pronounced- kidding, kidding. No, we love Cap- he's great.  Isn't he great?  Actually, that's exactly why I'm up here today.  Not just to thank you all for making this Expo the biggest event of the year- thank you, by the way-" The crowd cheered.  "-but to formally announce my personal support for the ongoing omega rights movement, headed by Steve Rogers, who, some of you may know, was also acquainted with my father.  Stark Industries has a long history of supporting omega equality and we're going to continue to do so.  I'm behind this guy-" he gestured to Steve, "-every step of the way.  As an ally, and a patriot, and a friend."  He paused.  "...and also as his mate.  As his Alpha."
It had taken Tony a year to get comfortable with this but now that they were doing it again he was unsure why in the hell he hadn't tried it sooner.  Steve's reaction alone was enough to get him uncomfortably hard. He kept one hand on Steve's skin, flicking his tongue over his inviting little slit, and reached down with his other hand to undo his pants and  ease out his erection. He stroked himself slowly, hungrily licking at Steve's entrance, which was getting wet and juicy and quivering with an unspoken desire to be filled up. Tony's other hand continued to massage Steve's ass; Tony heard himself growl quietly with satisfaction.  Steve was a bundle of nerves; his muscles were coiled up with the effort of not moving and Tony liked the feeling of Steve's desperation under his fingers.
