He let Cas lead when they got to the sun-bleached asphalt of the street and turned in the opposite direction to where the road eventually met the highway. Staggered streetlights dropped small pools of orange light on the spider-web cracked tar beneath, and moths were beating their milky white bodies against the bulbs. Occasionally, one got zapped, and Dean crushed the wings under his boot as he walked.
Dean breathed, relaxing fractionally.  That was good. At least Sam’s job wasn’t in jeopardy.  Sam would never forgive him if Dean got him fired.
Castiel closed his eyes now, too, and let the overwhelming radiance of Dean’s soul light the darkness behind his eyelids. He knew what he had to do. He would pull Dean from this like he did from the fire.
“Okay,” he said, eyes flashing to the clock on the desk. “Dinner’s in like, a half hour, so why don’t you get showered and we’ll head over?”
"Yeah.  Yeah, okay, Cas," Sam said, looking up at him and offering a low-wattage closed-mouth smile.  "Good seeing you again."
know you can’t steal pieces of food off the plates before you serve them?” Cas said, and he probably thought he was
He swallowed hard, telling himself this was always going to happen and he had no right to be disappointed.
“Here,” he said, tapping his fingertips against Dean’s lower lip. Dean parted his mouth, taking Castiel’s fingers in and sucking on them. Castiel watched, enraptured by it. Dean’s tongue wrapped around him, his mouth hot and wet. With his free hand, Castiel picked the lube back up and flipped the cap open. He fought to single handedly squeeze some into his fingers. When the gel was warm, he reached around and began working Dean open.
When Cas moved away from his lips and starting kissing along his jaw, Dean felt his breath pick up with the heat in his stomach dropping lower and lower.  Cas was nipping at Dean’s Adam’s apple, and all Dean wanted to do was rake his fingers down Cas’ back. He tried to lift his wrists, but Cas only doubled his strength.  Cas moved his hands up to thread their fingers together.
He dressed in some of the clothes Dean bought for him and went downstairs, at a complete loss as to what to do. He explored the townhouse, rifling through the cabinet in the bathroom and inspecting the strange contents inside, flipping through the books on the shelves in Sam’s bedroom, playing with the “light switch” on the wall in the hallway and watching the lights flicker on and off without a second’s delay, studying the “music records” and “cassette tapes” Dean had shown him and wondering how to make them work.
safety.  I mean, Cas—look at us.  We went along with your plan, and look where it got us.  Our lives are ruined.  We’re fugitives.  And look at all the people who got hurt.  Sam almost died.”  He worked his jaw, trying to decide whether or not to keep going, because part of him didn’t want to know if it made a difference.  “Cas,
Dean hummed. “A guy who works on the water drowning? Yeah, that’s not fishy at all.” Castiel had to agree.
Castiel was only half listening. He barely glanced toward the tray of eggs, toast, and coffee. The smell of it alone made his stomach turn, and he couldn’t possibly think about stomaching food. He was exhausted, anyway. He’d rather spend the day unconscious.
Briefly, Dean entertained the possibility of claiming the land for himself.  He had promised Cas they’d find a place in Waco—but he guessed that was a moot point now.  Jack wouldn’t be there any longer.
Castiel nodded.  "Of course.  I'll, um—pay a visit to the community outreach team to talk about the fair.  Oh, Anael.” He stood up, and fished his car keys out of his coat pocket to offer them to her. She walked in fully, holding her hand out to accept them as he said, “If your car is damaged, take mine.  I may be here for a while. I’ll call a taxi to take me home.”
Sam’s eyes lingered a moment longer before flashing to the back of Cas’ tombstone. “That looks good,” he said, and lowered himself to the dirt to sit next to Dean.
Castiel stopped walking abruptly. He kept his back straight. “No,” he said, fingers tightening around his book at his side. “Good day, Mr. Wesson.”
“Right!” Jody said, standing up.  She leaned over her computer and desk to offer her hand.  “Welcome to the team, Mr. Novak. I’m Jody.”
Some emotion was welling inside of him again. It started in his chest, spreading out to overcome his heart. And how could Dean do this? How could he be expected to live knowing his heart was beating for both of them from now on?
Dean was on him instantly, his hands gripping Castiel’s wrists and trying to pull them away.  Castiel resisted, fighting back. The point of the blade bobbed back and forth, and Castiel swiveled to narrowly avoid it.  He tried to turn away, but Dean only wrapped himself around Castiel’s back and reached over him, scrambling for the blade.
“Alright,” Dean breathed out. “Well, if we’re playing that, I know where I’m starting. But first—” He lifted himself fractionally and twisted to pull his jeans off all the way. He dug into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “No more looking at the clock,” he said, thumbing at the screen.
Dean didn’t appear to have heard him.  He continued speaking: “We’re headed to Arizona now, just made a pit-stop here.  Think we might hit up—and then—to—. Hear Sedona’s nice.” There was a rustling of wind overlaying his voice.
Dean’s gaze snapped to Castiel, panic in his eyes before he carefully controlled it. And how could he ever assume Castiel would reject him? Castiel had waited centuries for him.
They’d taken Claire to her, too, when it became clear that the child didn’t have any magical abilities. Missouri, however, couldn’t find a reason for it. No one could.
Castiel’s eyes went big and round, and he had to swallow.  He thought he might actually vomit, after all. He quickly looked at Dean, as if asking him what to do.  Dean’s jaw was set, eyes burning into Meg, but only for a second. His expression slackened and he turned to Castiel.  His brows shot up into the rim of his hat and he turned his mouth down in a frown that seemed to say,
“What is that?” he asked. He put his hand over his eyes as a visor to continue looking at the machine.
Dean shook out his fist, ignoring the blood and the pain and his sore, bruising knuckles.  "Gotta impress the missus."  His eyes barely flickered over Alastair's shoulder, where Cas was coming up from behind.
Anael rolled her eyes and threw out her hands.  “Fine. Don’t tell me. Good luck finding it,” she said, and started walking in the direction of the church.
Zachariah tipped his head toward the bed. “Get some sleep, Castiel.” He plastered on a bright smile. “Big day tomorrow!” With that, he was gone, closing the door tightly behind him.
The loading dock behind the hospital was empty at this time of night, except for a few dark ambulances that looked like they may need some resuscitation themselves over in the corner of the cracked lot.
And Cas just kept on talking, kept on giving more and more information that Dean couldn’t possibly keep up with. “It’s Daphne Allen. That’s why my father agreed to let me start working at the firm instead of finding a wife. He’d already had one picked out. I’m to marry Daphne, and her brother will move to New York to become executor of the firm’s branch there. They’ve been negotiating for months.”
“No.”  Castiel dipped down and pressed his lips into Dean’s shoulder.  He held them there for a few seconds, taking in the dewy scent coming off Dean’s body.  “There’s still some dirt here,” he said against Dean’s skin. He moved to Dean’s clavicle.  “And here.”
John held up a hand to stop him.  "I talked to Bobby.  He said he'd keep an eye on the place while we were gone, and he said you'd still have your job when you got back.  I'm sure Ellen will say the same.  I know she loves you boys."
Crowley lifted his chin, seeming interested without betraying his cool demeanor too greatly.  “Does he now?”
Castiel had been woken up far earlier than necessary for this. He hadn’t even had coffee yet. Zachariah knocked on his door when the sun was still an abstract line on the horizon, and he was told to dress and promptly head to his father’s study. Castiel couldn’t help but think he was being squeezed in before Chuck’s day became busy—and he’d been right. In a matter of hours, Chuck would be on a train headed God-knows-where, but before he left, he was apparently hell-bent on finding Castiel a bride. He was even wearing his glasses, which meant this was deemed serious business.
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” he heard himself say.  It was out before he’d realized what he’d done.
“Uh, it kinda does, Dean. It’ll be good to have a second set of eyes to see if the ME missed anything, especially Cas’ eyes. He can help.”
It took them another forty minutes to get their tickets, and over an hour to get through the security check that Castiel found invasive and highly inappropriate. In total, his ID had been checked three times. Each time, he tried to remember that there was no cause for alarm now that he had a real ID card, gotten after his marriage.
Cas pulled away slowly and stroked his thumb against Dean’s cheek.  Haltingly, he asked, “Do you—think there could be?”
He couldn’t tell her what had happened a week ago.  He couldn’t tell her about the kiss. But he knew that was the reason Dean left him.  He couldn’t stand the sight of Castiel anymore.
Dean stepped forward and held out the necklace, letting it dangle. Kaia looked up at him, controlling any hesitation she must have had. She took the necklace, wrapped her palm around the amulet, and closed her eyes.
“Excellent,” Zachariah said, stepping forward. “We’ll be sure to let you know our final decision about color soon.” He snapped a quick, reproving glance at Castiel as he said it, and Castiel wanted to tell him he couldn’t care less.
So, Cas would sleep it off and leave again in the morning.  So what? Everybody had a sad story. This was just part of Dean’s.  No need to cry about it like a big baby.
Dean was happy the man was otherwise occupied, because he went rigid.  Before he could stop himself, he asked, “He, uh . . . he wasn’t traveling with a baby, was he?”
Castiel didn’t quite know what Balthazar was speaking in relation to. He supposed, yes, technically, he had seen Meg more in the last week or so than he had before he’d met her. But he hadn’t exactly thought about her when she wasn’t around. “I . . .”
Sam was quiet for a few seconds, and Dean didn’t know if he was hesitating or if the call had dropped. He was about to check his service when Sam continued, “How’s it going with you guys?”
Nothing was his.  Not his apartment.  Not his tuition.  Not the food he ate or the clothes he wore.  But that truck was his.  And he loved it.  He was proud of it, even if it was broken.
“Fuck,” he heard Cas hiss, more to himself than anything, and his body heat was ripped away quite suddenly, leaving Dean exposed.  He turned his back to Dean, his solid shoulders rolling and tensing, belt clanging as he did up his pants. He ran his hands through his hair like he was trying to get a hold of himself, and then swooped down to pick up his shirt and blazer.
For a second, Cas seemed surprised.  But he rattled it away and they shuffled Jack into Dean’s arms.  And Dean realized he hadn’t been nervous about Cas rejecting him.  He was nervous that Jack wouldn’t settle down for him this time.  That Jack hated him now.
Dean dropped his hand to his lap.  “Well, not for nothing, Cas, but you’re the one who found this lead.  What did I find today?
Dean was actually kind of excited to bring him there. Sure, it was just sitting in a restaurant, but it was an All-American
Dean went on, “You are not allowed to give up, you understand? You promised. You remember that? You promised me you weren’t going anywhere.” His voice was so low, just a soft whisper, hitching with breath. His eyes were full of naked dread and stubborn determination. “Just give us a little bit of time. Me and Sammy, okay? We just need some time. You have to keep fighting it, Cas. For you—for me.”
She closed the door, and Dean gave a deflating breath. He finally let go of Castiel. “Son of a bitch, don’t
Castiel pressed down on him and rolled into Dean, and the sound it elicited went straight through him.  Dean bucked up into him, his body quaking beneath Castiel’s.  Castiel sat up straighter, his head nearly hitting the roof, so he could get out of his shirt.  Dean helped him pull it off; once it was, his mouth was on Castiel’s chest.  He sucked at his collarbone and painted his way downward to swirl Castiel’s nipple with his tongue.
Cas had been more than prepared to jump down his throat.  “Why is it crazy?  It was Kelly’s dying wish.  We owe it to her to give her that.”
There were growls and groans in the distance. The enemy was still closing in. It was the end of the world and all Castiel wanted to do was keep holding Dean. To grip him tight and never let go.
He had been doing that all night—standing back when Castiel got close to him, making an excuse to go to the other side of the room whenever Castiel touched him.  More still, Dean’s usual pats on the shoulder as he passed by, slaps on the chest when he got excited, or hands on the dip of Castiel’s spine as they whispered to each other, heads tilted in and Dean’s mouth at Castiel’s ear, were all absent.
Castiel turned and headed in the direction of the throne room, nodding quick hellos to the angels passing him. Samandriel tried to stop him for a longer conversation, and Castiel entertained it for as long as he could—perhaps out of guilt for once killing him—until he excused himself.
Dean kept driving up the parkway, towards an exit near the end of the road, where it diverged into two other highways: one leading to the mountains, and another across the river.  He figured those could be roads for another day.
Castiel had nothing to say to that.  As he watched Dean, it occurred to him that it was Christmas, and for the first time in years, it felt like it.  It was Christmas and he was spending it with Dean.
Dean rested the letter on his lap for a second while he overturned the envelope into his hand. A few brown cloves tumbled out into his palm, along with some spidery dried roots. And something else, too.
Cas looked around quickly, aware of their surroundings. He stepped closer, dropping his voice. “Yes, Dean, because it doesn’t matter.”
That was preposterous. Novaks had 20/20 vision. Castiel couldn’t have bad eyesight, because it would just be further proof of how poor of an excuse for a Novak he was.
Castiel had no idea what he was planning to do, but Dean always did have a way of calming Jack down.  They shuffled the baby into Dean’s arms, and Castiel breathed out in relief once free of Jack’s weight.  He turned around and leaned against the side of the table.  He scrubbed at his face and eyes.
Castiel idly watched the people on the street, as well as the buildings they passed so he could get a better idea of where everything was in this town.  “Chicago.”
Actually, maybe Dean hadn’t given Cas enough credit before. He had no idea what the poem was talking about, but Cas seemed to. He stopped a few times, swallowing, voice becoming thicker because of it. His hands flexed and folded at his sides. And Dean could almost hear Cas’ heartbeat. Or maybe it wasn’t Cas’.
Dean lunged towards the paper, and he must have been a glutton for punishment because he flipped it open, expecting to see some kind of sappy, five-paragraph break up note in Cas' handwriting.  But there were only two words.
“Check back in a few hours,” the man said unhelpfully.  “In the meantime, is there anything else I can do for you, mister?”
He found all three of them crammed onto Jack’s single bed: Dean against the headboard with one leg planted on the floor, Jack flopped into his side, the sleeve of Dean’s flannel tight in his first, and Claire against his other side with knees curled to her chest. Dean had
He remembered that night—how Cas had looked at him.  With a tenderness that was close to awe. In retrospect, it made Dean feel like the smartest, most capable person in the whole building.
Dean paced outside the door, still locked tightly since Cas and Sonny had first brought Jo in there.  He only knew it was locked because, at one point, he heard Jo screaming and tried to kick down the door.  He probably would have if Sam hadn’t physically stopped him.
About two and a half hours into the flight, Dean hadn’t calmed down much.  He’d scrolled through the list available TV shows and movies on the screen in front of him before settling on some blockbuster that definitely wasn’t meant to be viewed on a three-inch screen a thousand feet in the air.  He couldn’t focus on it, though, so he gave up to listen to some music. He’d already eaten through his bag of snacks, and the gross sandwich they’d passed out for lunch (and Cas’ gross sandwich). Really, he just wanted to barf it back up, but he somehow refrained.
The statement had hung in the air.  It didn’t sound right to Dean.  In a way, he felt like he’d gained more than he’d lost.  He kept that thought to himself, though.  He knew Sam and Cas were grieving for Jack’s losses and they wouldn’t understand.  Hell, Dean barely understood it himself.
“I think they left a note,” Cas said with probably a lot more gusto than he needed to. He pointed at the folded piece of paper on the map table.
Dean fought back a smile as something undeniably thrilling bubbled up inside of him.  He let his gaze drag up and down Cas’ features. “Whatever happened to going slow?” he taunted.
“Yes,” Castiel answered. “She wants to get married on the same date as her parents’ to honor her father’s memory.”
His first stop was a house right near Holcom Park, even though one of the other spots on the list was closer to the bar.  But Crowley was pretty adamant that this address got their delivery first, so Dean figured it must have been some hierarchy thing among the . . . drug dealers?  Probably.  Counterfeiters?  Could be.  Traffickers?  Shit, he hoped not.
They carved out a space in the throng towards the back wall of the barn, and Castiel turned into Dean.  Dean’s hands went to his hips, and he pushed their bodies in close before he started to move. Castiel swayed with him, letting Dean lead.
“Yeah.  Couple minutes ago.”  He leaned his shoulder against the doorjamb to make himself comfortable.  He was tired, but he still had too much to do before his day was over.
Once they got to the line, Balthazar slapped an ID into Castiel’s hand and told him to show it to the bouncer. Castiel studied it. It was still a Kansas driver’s license, just like his real one, and his name was correct down to the letter—Castiel James Emmanuel Novak. The only differences were his home address and, most significantly, his age. According to the ID, he was 22 years old.
life and what’s…” He didn’t even know how to finish that sentence. He blinked back up at Cas, a question sitting on the tip of his tongue. All day, he’d been too afraid to ask it. He didn’t even really know how to phrase it.
From the living room, he heard the door creak open, and he sat a little taller to peer through the chef's window separating the rooms.  Sam was home, an hour later than he said he'd be, and was hanging his jacket up on the hooks.
Sam turned around to face him, expression already primed for an argument.  Dean wanted to laugh.  His brother didn't exactly look intimidating in his socks.
Cas nodded. His heart still clenched horribly at the thought of what they were going to do tomorrow, what they were going to have Claire do. But, it was their only option. He couldn’t imagine the pressure that rode on her back, to know that they were counting on her to end this all. “Your father and I will be right there with you, the whole time. Plus Sam and Rowena… All of us are in this with you.”
The ballroom looked gigantic without anyone to fill it. It was just a desolate space. The tables were still pushed to the wall, but the white tablecloths hung over them limply, empty and stained. The floor had scuff marks in it that would need to be buffed out. Outside the wall of arched windows, the snow continued to come down. The fire in the massive hearth was the only source of light. It was stoked high, the flames inside roaring and popping as they licked upward. Their color reflected on the tile floor, an echo of warmth that was eventually overcome by darkness.
They should have been celebrating together. Instead, Cas would probably have some nice, fancy dinner in the manor, Daphne hanging off his arm. They’d probably gotten real close in Dean’s absence.
At least Henriksen hadn’t appeared again.  And, thankfully, Dean’s wound had lessened from a twisting, stabbing pain to a dull thud only when he moved his arm in certain ways.  He announced the night before that it was time for them to move on, and Sam didn’t give him an argument.
In the living room, two announcers were on the television. They sat outside, bundled in warm coats and scarves, and commented on the parade of giant balloons that overtook the streets of New York City. None of the Winchesters were watching the program, so he followed the sound of their voices into the kitchen.
Dean had to admit, Cas had a point, but he didn't like it.  If Cas got caught, all this would be over before it even started.  And he just didn't see a world where Michael or Raphael sat Cas down and came clean.  That could be months down the road—years.  Cas wasn't even a full employee yet.  There was no telling when he'd be let in on the family secret, if he ever were.
Rallying himself, he blindly sifted through the satchel on the table until his hand connected with the glass bottle of laudanum.  He pulled it out, simultaneously glancing around the shadowy kitchen in hopes of spotting a spoon.  There weren’t any drying near the sink.
"And that's Jo," Sam said, gesturing at the girl in the kitchen.  She was young, probably still in high school.  Still, she seemed an expert at blending frozen margaritas.
if I wasn’t playing honest?  Come on—maybe sit the next game out, huh?  Get your upper floor in order.”  He tapped his temple and then shrugged.
Cas leaned back to sit in the passenger seat again, and the sudden absence of him made Dean a little dizzy.  But he managed to turn the key in the ignition and back out of the parking space, directly into the road behind them.  The tires squealed as he shifted into drive without fully braking, and they took off down the road.
“Lookin’ good there, Indie,” Charlie complimented Dean, who was wearing a fedora hat, a cargo shirt unbuttoned so low that Castiel had to remind himself not to stare, a jacket, and brown pants.  A fake whip was rolled up on his belt, and a satchel was slung across his body. He beamed back at Charlie.
Dean puckered his lips, wondering what else he could squeeze out of Crowley. Maybe he should ask him to pick up some lemons?
“Uh.” Dean’s eyes lit about the room for a second before he pointed at his laptop on his nightstand. He came back over, swiping it up as he did, and sat on the bed. Castiel watched him unfold the device, click a few times, and then turn it around so Castiel could see the screen. “Netflix,” Dean told him, as if it explained everything. He picked the laptop up and offered it to Castiel. “Just scroll around, watch what catches your interest. Sammy likes the lame documentaries, but they might be good for you to watch. Just don’t watch
Castiel told himself not to sigh in relief, no matter how much he wanted to.  He didn’t want to be heard.
Dean moved his hips back and forth, fucking himself into Castiel’s hand and onto his fingers as Castiel worked him from both sides. He dipped his head back to rest against Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel buried his nose into Dean’s throat.
“This one’s fine,” Cas said before going back into the stall to collect his things. Dean figured it probably wasn’t worth the argument.
The pastor nodded, accepting it. “Is there anything I can help you with?” He sounded a little unsure, his eyes quickly flickering to the other side of the burial ground, where the more “notable” people were buried. Dean doubted many tour groups bothered looking at the graves this deep into the cemetery.
Victor’s eyes flashed with surprise, but it passed soon enough.  He nodded once sternly before pulling on his horse’s reins, sending it forward.
Because he had a future now. His own future, and he could do whatever he liked. Somehow, Kelly and Jack had made him fully realize that. Castiel was
It was lucky when he instead said, "I just don't belong in there, okay?"  He spun back around when he said it, gesturing wildly at the house as if it symbolized every rich kid with a future in the world.
Castiel regarded Dean’s back, feeling the heat burning inside of him.  “But it’s not one you’ll entertain.”
His anger was growing with every word, causing his voice to rise and his expression to twist.  “You go around killing and burning and raping because someone torched your house, and you think that doesn’t make you just like them?  Don’t stand there and pretend you’re some kind of saint.  You’re a monster!”
He’d planned out what he’d wanted to say, but he’d forgotten the script suddenly.  Deciding to move forward anyway, he said, “After the family meeting today, I need you to get Michael out of his office.”
Castiel touched his free hand to Dean’s wrist. Dean let him. His expression pinched, but his eyes didn’t.
Meg grabbed him by the chin and turned his head back to her.  “Hey, angel, we were in the middle of something,” she said before crashing their lips together.  Cas’ eyes grew in shock, and he let out a loud hum; but then he eased into the kiss, and Dean wished the music were still blasting so he didn’t have to hear the grunts coming out of his throat.
Dean licked his lips and faced front again. The corners of his lips turned down in a jagged frown. He nodded and ran his palm down his mouth, sniffing into it.
Outside, he heard Michael speaking into the phone, “Hello, I need a tow truck to the parking garage outside of Evangelist immediately . . . This is Michael Novak . . . Yes . . . I appreciate your haste.”
Castiel's heart leaped at the words, and he started awkwardly.  As quickly as he could, he got into his truck and started the engine.  It rumbled into life, but he found himself still.  His hands were frozen on ten and two.  He stared through the windshield helplessly, barely noticing Anael driving away.
They didn’t return to the festivities, but Castiel was more than okay with that.  He doubted anyone would notice he was gone, and he’d much rather spend time getting reacquainted with Dean, who had suggested they go to his apartment.  Apparently, Sam was sleeping over at a friends’ that night, and Castiel liked the idea of them having “the place to themselves,” as Dean put it.
“Claire,” Dean said. Claire uncrossed her arms and pulled off the doorframe, and the two of them disappeared down the hall together.
“You know we’re just worried, right?” he said after some time, voice low and rough and raw with tender emotion that Castiel wasn’t certain he deserved.
When Castiel looked at him, his forehead was lined and his head was tilted just right of center. He looked like a puppy. “No, she isn’t a doctor.”
Hips aligned, Dean rolled into him slowly, moaning down his throat at the sensation it caused.  Cas pressed back, their bodies grinding lazily into each other. Cas broke away from Dean’s mouth and let out a low moan between panting breaths.  “Ah—Dean.
Castiel couldn't speak.  There was so much he wanted to say, but he couldn't marshal his thoughts into words.  Even if he could, his lungs were constricting under the weight of emotion.
Like Sam, Dean attempted to play it off like it was no big deal.  Unlike Sam, Dean sounded more depressed than angry. “You’d rather he were here.”
Of course, in between it all, they finessed their plans for the fair, but the majority of the week so far had been used for getting re-antiquated with one another—which wasn't so hard to do.
He grimaced at the wall, his mouth going jagged and his nose scrunching.  He wanted to stay angry—tried so hard—but it all broke down.
About an hour later, Dean and Sam were sitting across the table from Thomas Dowling in a private room of the Dade County Correctional Facility in Homestead. Luckily, there was air conditioning.
“No, no—not like that,” Sam defended.  “But you’ve been back at the motel every night we’ve been on the road.  And it’s not like you don’t have any prospects.” He nodded back to the bar’s door, case in point.
“Dean!” He couldn’t see anything. He couldn’t feel anything. All sensation faded. He could hardly even breathe. “Dean.”
Cas nodded, hiding it well, too. He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders, giving them a quick squeeze of comfort before letting them fall away. Dean dropped his hands, too, about to turn back to Sam.
“Yeah, Cas likes New York, too,” Dean said, and Sam caught the wink Dean shot Cas’ way. “Especially the Chrysler Building, right, Cas?”
Castiel refocused on his own search. He honestly didn’t care what Sam did with the abandoned possessions, whomever they belonged to. “Keep whatever you want,” he said.
Christmas Eve found Castiel standing with Sam in the dim-lit hallway of the Winchesters' apartment.  They were waiting outside Dean's bedroom, with Dean inside, the door locked behind him for the past—Castiel checked his phone for the eighth time—twenty-two minutes.
“Cas, I went all up and down this place last night,” Dean said, “And I didn’t see any end hallway with a window.”
Cas looked pretty smug with himself. “I’ll see you tonight,” he said, and then he was gone in an all too familiar flutter of wings—and part of Dean wished Jack hadn’t given the angels back their ability to fly because it was just as annoying as ever. In heaven, Dean could see Cas’ wings, or at least the version of them that “your human mind can fathom.” They stretched out wide—and Dean had never broken the measuring tape out, but he was pretty sure they were around twelve feet across a piece. At first, they appeared black, but they had an iridescent glow whenever the light hit them just right. Like looking through crystal against the sunshine: every color of the rainbow in a shifting, shimmering prism.
Sam let out a heavy breath through his nose but didn’t argue.  Dean turned around and began walking again, the fallen leaves crunching under his shoes.  The wagon began squealing again as it moved after him.  Dean could still feel the witch’s gaze on his back as if it were a physical weight.  He didn’t mention it.  Sam didn’t need the worry.  They’d be rid of their prisoner soon enough.
“Awesome,” which was the exact opposite of what he really meant.  Maybe faking his own death was still an option.
“Hello, sir,” he heard a voice from the stairwell.  He looked up to find a nebbishy-looking man in a suit briskly descending the steps.  He must have been the clerk.  Finally.  Dean had almost been ready to rent a tent for the night instead.
Over spring break, Cas and his siblings spent the week in their vacation home in Jackson Hole.  He’d texted Dean pictures of the mountains and the wide-open spaces, the horses and cowboys. Dean pretended he wasn’t jealous.  He pretended his fingers didn’t itch to grab the wheel of his car and feel the freedom of the road.
Cas was laying down on the bottom bunk, staring up sightlessly at the slats beneath the bed above him.  He twirled his thumbs on his chest.  Sam had no idea what he was thinking, just like he didn’t know what Dean’s plan was once he got that nail out of the floor.
Cas tucked his pad of paper under his arm to return the handshake.  “Thank you. Please, call me Castiel.”
“Well, I can’t leave the house. Believe me, I’ve tried. But maybe you could... visit?” He said it like Dean wasn’t thinking about packing a bag and moving in permanently.
There was a kind of pressure stinging behind his eyes and pounding in the dead-center of his forehead.  His body coiled and his skin numbed, like every muscle in him would begin trembling if given the chance.
Dean appeared calmer once they were inside the airport, and even Castiel had to admit, the trip had been draining. But it wasn’t over yet.
Sam opened the door for him, greeting him with a tight smile that immediately told Castiel that Dean was in a mood.  It had been that way for the last few weeks, since they had their . . . date?  Castiel wasn't really sure what to call it.  They hadn't really dated even when they were together.  Regardless, it generally seemed as if Dean were trying to rekindle something of their relationship, even if it were only a little something, but there were also days—or hour or moments—where Castiel was certain Dean wanted nothing to do with him.  He knew Dean's head and heart were warring with each other, but he didn't know which would win in the end; and he didn't know what Dean wanted.  He did know, however, that if he tried to broach the topic, Dean would shut down on him.
“I mean, Michael’s up there now. He said he’d take care of it. The ones who didn’t—the ones still alive—he’s gonna heal ‘em,” Dean was saying. He was trying so hard to justify this. There was no justifying it. Castiel felt hollow inside. He wanted to rip his grace from his chest. To cut the Mark from his arm. He wanted to die. “He’ll keep the lights on.”
Dean couldn’t believe his eyes. This had to be a dream. His gaze swung over to the other woman standing between the tables. The subtle grey was a little more apparent in her dark hair. Behind her, Sam entered the room, his gun already tucked away into the waistband of his sweatpants.
Aggravated that he was being ignored, Dean burst through the door, and he saw Cas jump in surprise. Then, Cas gritted his teeth in pain. A spot of blood bloomed on his jaw where he’d been shaving. “
"More complicated than," Castiel asked, reaching across the table and turning Sam's textbook towards him, reading the cover aloud, "Philosophy and Morality of Law?"
But that was normal. He’d been sleeping. He was awake now, and it was morning. He could account for that lost time.
Cas nodded and said, “Hurry back,” like they wouldn’t be sitting at the gate for a hundred years, anyway.
are hosting.  I dunno, Cas, if you’d told me all this a couple months ago, I wouldda called you crazy.”
The staircase and foyer were vacant when he reached it, and he quickly and quietly hustled down the steps, headed for the front door. Dean was waiting for him on the other side of it when Castiel squeezed through. Just as last time, they moved down the drive and hopped the fence; and, when Castiel’s feet hit the ground on the other side of the gate, he thought the earth felt different beneath his shoes. There was an energy thrumming under the surface, ready to carry him on to parts unknown.
Chuck waved his hand, letting out a few noncommittal noises. “C’mon, Castiel. We talked about this. It’s better if you stay here—Relax. Get some sleep before the big day, alright? Everyone will understand.”
Dean snorted.  “Yeah, good luck with that.”  Mildred never liked Crowley. She said he was dishonest, and that was putting it mildly.  One day, she’d gotten so frustrated with him, she called him a half-rate snake oil salesman.  And Dean knew no one on his team liked him. They either thought he was an idiot, or they were afraid of him—or both.  Personally, Dean thought he was overcompensating.
Her eyes went wide.  “Yeah! And I couldn’t answer any of their questions because I didn’t have any of the info.”  She looked off, mellowing. “You know how embarrassing that was?”
He should have really flicked that card to the ground and left it behind with his boot print outlined on the smooth stock paper.  He put it in his pocket, and walked outside the mouth of the alley towards the Impala.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean look away with a mixture of guilt and anxiety.  He knew they were only staying for him.
“Well, how the hell would I know? You’re not telling me anything! And I kinda think I deserve to know what’s up. I’m the one who picked you up from that haunted house, remember?”
“How are your studies coming along?” Cas asked. He crossed the room and crawled into bed, tucking himself under the covers on the right side.
That being said . . . I'm not saying this is going to happen, but I've been considering adapting it into an original book or script (haven't decided which yet). So, I may make this fic private for only AO3 accounts, and eventually I may even take it down. Again, I'm not 100% sure I'll do that, but it's possible! Because I'm pretty confident in this story haha. So, if you enjoyed the fic and you think you may want to revisit it one day,
Castiel picked up his trench coat and folded it neatly before placing it back on his knees. He didn’t want it to get wrinkled. He put his pencil in the margins of his textbook in case Balthazar was planning on throwing anything else at him and causing him to lose his place. Then, he set the book down on the coffee table next to the pile of mail. Sitting atop it was a letter from New York, a distracting and mind-occupying presence, which Castiel hadn’t the heart to open yet.
Really, Lucifer didn’t surprise Castiel, but he hadn’t been arrested for drugs.  He’d been arrested for embezzlement, for stealing company money. But Castiel never thought the money might not have belonged to the company in the first place.  He never assumed it was laundered.
Cas didn’t argue.  “Together,” he said.  When he nodded, the tip of his nose brushed against the side of Dean’s, causing a thrill to go through Dean’s body.
He, Meg, and Balthazar had driven over to the homecoming game across campus in Castiel’s truck, despite the fact that it had begun making that clicking noise again he had no way of fixing it without Dean.  The stadium was already packed with students and spectators when they arrived, and they had to push through a sea of people in the hallway that circled the stands in order to get to the proper section their tickets indicated.
So, maybe it was better to keep Cas ignorant. To let him live in the light with his future bride and children and career, and to eventually forget all about Dean. Maybe it was better for Dean to bask in whatever glow he could for the time, and then not rail against it when it was snuffed out. Maybe Dean just couldn’t be that selfish.
He’d gone over there to shovel the bricks when he noticed the snowdrops were in bloom. The hardy white flowers hung their heads, drooping low down their vibrant stalks. Delicately, he worked on brushing the snow off their leaves, watching them pop up with the weight gone. He was so wrapped up in the task, he almost missed the movement in the corner of his eyes.
He took the gift from Cas' hand, and it was a little heavier than he expected it to be.  He tore back the wrapping to the box inside, and his eyes went wide.  He gaped at the brand name on the square box.
Rowena blinked at them, then shook her head. “No. Apologizes, gentlemen. I won’t be party to—to—whatever game you’re playing! Good day.” She turned around swiftly and moved back into the house.
Cas recalled something he’d come across on the internet not very long ago. One of Jack’s classmate’s mothers shared a link to a sourdough starter on the school’s parent-teacher page on Facebook. Cas stepped into the kitchen. “Like pinterest,” he said, shooting Claire a look. Claire shook her head, but she was clearly fighting back a laugh.
“Looks like people were doing the hard stuff back then,” he said softly.  His tone was odd, and Castiel couldn’t pinpoint why. He looked at Dean’s reflection in the glass, but it was too transparent to see much of anything, so he surreptitiously tried to gauge his expression out of the corners of his eyes.  He came up with nothing.
Castiel dropped his shoulders.  He didn’t want to fight. “Until you figure that out,” he promised, “I’ll be here.  Waiting.”
Castiel brought his eyes to the ground.  He couldn’t tell Dean that he’d never planned on taking Jack to the orphanage.  He’d only agreed to shut the Winchesters up, because it was clear they weren’t going to help him on this.  He’d go with Sam and Dean to Kansas City, and he and Jack would catch a southbound train from there.  He didn’t want to lie to Dean, but what option did he have when Dean was so set in his ways?
Dean crossed the room, shoulders held tightly and movements tense. He walked around Zachariah, who stared back with a haughty smile. When Dean reached the door, Zachariah called after him, “And clean the mud off your boots before entering the house next time.”
Michael sighed, like his patience was just beginning to wear thin. “Tell you what. Why don’t I let you talk to Dean? We’ll see how you feel after that.”
Early March was swept in on a warm breeze. The mornings were heralded in by birdsong. Each evening, the sunlight lasted just a little longer. The snow melted to green grass and blue sky. The scent of fresh soil in the air reminded Castiel of Dean, but then again, so did everything else.
Dean didn’t say anything else about it.  He just let it hang in the air, and allowed Cas to interpret it however he wanted.  Dean wasn’t really sure what he’d meant by it, to be honest. But he thought he was willing to let bygones be bygones.  He just wanted the past to be behind them. Maybe some might argue it was uncharacteristic of him, but he’d rather not hold on to all the pain and hate and remorse.
Castiel reached lower and groped Dean’s ass, and Dean spread his legs.  He swiped his thumb against Dean’s rim, watching him shudder.  Dean moaned when Castiel slipped a finger inside.  He worked Dean open, taking his time, trying to ease Dean’s body back into the feel of his touch.  Dean stayed tense.
"Dean, look at her feet," Cas said, and Dean's gaze flickered down to look at them.  The image was a little dark, and at first it looked like her legs ended at the ankles, but then he got a better look.  It was like her feet were on backwards.  They weren't twisted or turned around.  They were just . . . facing in the opposite way from the rest of her body.
When they pulled up to the curb outside of Cas’ building, the sun was peeking over the clouds to color the air with pink lemonade.  Dean put the Impala in park and let the engine idle. Its rumble filled up the inside of the cab and bled out into the streets through the open windows.  It swallowed the birdsongs and the distant droning of an unseen lawn mower of someone ambitious enough to start their Sunday early. There were other cars parked sporadically on the street, but there wasn’t a single other person to be seen.  That was normal for a college town during the summer, but it still made Dean’s fists tighten around the leather of the steering wheel.
Castiel didn't know what that meant.  He thought he had been, but it was difficult to tell.  He'd gotten so used to sharing a bubble of space with Dean.
And then Cas pulled away like he’d just realized something. Fear shot like an ice pick through Dean’s heart, until Cas said, “Did… my father just tell me he’s attracted to men?”
Castiel blinked, his mouth falling open like he meant to respond.  He really didn’t know what to say.  His skin was buzzing with the foolish hope that Dean stayed true to him.  “Well . . . I just assumed . . .” No, that was wrong.  There was no way Dean had meant what Castiel thought.  He sat up and turned toward Dean, cocking his head to the side.  “You don’t?”
Sam let out a dramatic groan, giving the bitch face as he shoved his bowl of yogurt away.  "Dean, come on—."
“Wow, sounds like the best of both worlds,” Dean said, his tone probably the only dry thing for miles.
“Dean,” Sam said after a few moments.  He was using his soft voice, the same one he used when one of the horses was spooked and he was trying not to frighten it further.  His eyes were round and full of empathy.  Dean wanted to punch that look right off his face.  “We need to go.  I packed you up some biscuits from breakfast for the road, all right?  But we’re burning daylight.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said, walking over. He placed his breakfast down on the coffee table and sat in the chair next to Cas. The fire felt good on his skin. Miracle trotted over and curled up between the chairs. “How long you been up?”
They drove a little further out before hitting up a motel for the night, where John fell asleep during Archie Bunker reruns on some local channel, and Sam turned off the TV soon after to sleep, too.  Dean was on the rolled-up cot for the night, since Sam’s turn had been in the previous motel, and ended up tossing and turning on the springs for a couple hours before sneaking out of the room to drive around.
Dean was straddling Castiel’s lap, his hands holding Castiel’s jaw as they met in another kiss. Castiel’s arms were wrapped underneath Dean’s, has hands ending at the curve of Dean’s bare shoulders, fingers cupped around the bones and muscles. He felt them shift beneath the skin when Dean dipped down to suck a mark into Castiel’s neck.
Cas was looking at him with so much naked fondness now that Dean actually had to look away.  It made him uncomfortable, but not in a bad way. More like, he wanted Cas to look at him like that all the time, and that scared the shit out of him.
“So?” Dean’s voice, suddenly small, came from behind him. Castiel looked around. Dean’s eyes were ricocheting about, looking anywhere but him. “Do you… You’re not saying anything.” His expression changed, becoming crestfallen. “Let me guess: you hate it.”
not to, Cas.  I really tried.”  God, had he ever.  He did all he could to leave his mother’s memory behind, but it was hard to do, especially since his whole life had been built upon her death.  Maybe now, it had finally caught up to him.  “But what if I can’t outrun it anymore?  What if that
In truth, he sometimes wondered if his weekly routine was dull. The infrequent variation bored him when he allowed himself to think about it, so he tried not to. But then, of course, it only felt as if he were going through the motions. Sometimes, he wondered if the next week would be different. It never was.
He paced over to the piano and ran his fingers over the polished wood. The ghost of a smile pulled at his lips as he remembered all the hours he and Cas wasted in front of this thing. Of the song Cas had written for him.
Dean shared a glance with Cas. He chewed on the inside of his cheek, trying not to let his doubt get to him. Cas stepped forward first, placing himself inside the sigil. He got down to the floor.
Zach stepped back. “Well? Why are you still here? I suggest making yourself scarce before our guest arrives.”
He heard Sam exhale heavily through his nose. “I’m just asking you to cut him some slack. Because he’s trying.” He placed his palm on his chest and added, “And I know what that can look like when it comes to him, believe me. He gets a little overbearing. But that’s just because he’s freaking out.”
“They own more shit than god,” Dean put in, but he didn’t think Eileen saw it because her eyes were still on Sam.
“Tell ya what, I’ll get you a souvenir,” Dean told him, the picture turning choppy and freezing up for a moment.
The sound of Meg’s shoes stopped.  She let out a loud huff.  “Now, now.  Where could you be?  Don’t tell me you’re hiding with the linens.”
Castiel could hear the alarm from down the block.  He didn't quite know what it was at first, but it warbled down the empty street leading to Harvelle's.  He didn't smell the smoke until he was right on top of the building, where its stench filtered into his car and tickled his nose.
He didn’t know why, but the relief began to steal away from him. It left in its place a kind of chill that made the back of his neck prickle. It was a human sensation, a reaction to fear—that feeling that someone was standing right behind you, just out sight. It was an evolutionary byproduct of survival, and it was currently needless. Castiel was still an angel. And this was Dean. He had no reason to be afraid.
Castiel stared at him, deciding what to do. But Dean was right. Maybe this was for the best. He sat back against the bench seat and nodded.
Castiel stared at him for a long time, trying to formulate a response, but all he could do was shake his head.  They weren't together anymore.  Dean couldn't control what he did.  Castiel could do whatever he wished.  It wasn't up to Dean or Michael or anyone else.
Which was part of the problem, because he had no idea who that other Dean was. Dean could feel him rattling around his head—those memories, locked behind a door that Dean didn’t have a key for. He could hear scratching just on the other side.
Dean stood behind the line again, and focused.  He told himself it was now or never—even though it actually wasn’t and it was ridiculous to think that.  But it kind of felt true.
Until they were kissing in earnest, Cas’ hand, warmed by the coffee mug, on Dean’s neck, Dean’s free hand resting on the front of Cas’ t-shirt. Cas was giving off soft grunting noises that Dean could feel rumbling on his lips, and then reverberate down his body, mixing with the first stirrings of his dick.
“Jo,” he realized.  He had no idea when she’d joined the scene, but there was blood on her cheek and in her braid.  Her nightgown was ripped at the shoulder.  She crawled on her hands and knees toward him before sitting back against the shelves.
That was kind of adorable.  “No, I mean . . . Don’t you listen to music?  Go to the movies? Read books?”
“It’s been a few years,” Claire explained, then turned to Dean and Cas. “We use it as a home base, mostly. We don’t really hunt all that much anymore. I mean, when a kid needs help, we help them, but we mostly give support for the hunters in the Network. You know, spells, ingredients, FBI checks.”
“I’ll understand,” Sam promised, eager.  He sat up a little straighter. But how could he understand when he wasn’t even picking up on the most basic issue?
Jack’s cries began to lessen, going from wails to grunts.  He wiggled closer to Dean’s chest, moving into the warmth of his body.  Dean had never expected such a thing would make him so damn happy.  The baby still trusted him, even when Dean didn’t deserve it.
He turned to Cas, who was giving him another one of his intense looks, but this one hungry.  They met in the middle, smiling against each other’s mouths. Eventually, Dean ended up on his back, legs spread out on the bench seat and head propped against the window.  Cas’ hips were between his raised knees as Cas sprawled out on top of him, fingers in Dean’s hair as they kissed. His body heat added to the still air around them, but Dean wasn’t about to kick him out of bed for it.
Dean grunted down at his sopping shirt, pinching it out between his fingers so he could see it better from the angle.  “Ah, man! Come on!”
He raised his fist, hovering near the wood. He glanced back at the oak tree. Those gnarled roots had once offered him such security.
It was a kind offer, but it was unnecessary.  His apartment wasn’t far. Besides, they didn’t have any spare bedrooms, and Castiel had a feeling Meg was offering to share her bed with him.  “No. Thank you.”
Dean blinked.  He hadn’t noticed his lips had parted, but when he did he closed them.  “No, uh—just didn’t take you for a guy who put much stock in that crap, is all,” he excused, because it was kind of true.  Cas was usually so logical. Things like lucky pennies didn’t fit.
Cas tried to stay strong, to hold his husband’s stare. He couldn’t. His eyes flickered downward, anger fizzling to nothing. The exhaustion of the last year washed over him. “I wanted you to come with me, Dean. You don’t know how much I wanted that.”
A corner of Dean’s mouth flickered up, but just briefly. He nodded, tension easing from his body. “Okay,” he repeated. He dragged his palms up and down Castiel’s thighs and then pulled away, standing up. His shoulders were slumped as he left the bathroom.
He was drenched in blackness. The cold was wrapping around his ankles like liquid, circling its way up his legs, twisting around his torso and arms. It climbed up his throat to choke him. It’d grab hold. It’d yank him under until he drowned—and then there would really be nothing. He’d come back to consciousness in time—a minute, an hour, a month, a year. Or maybe he wouldn’t. Maybe, this time, he wouldn’t come back.
"Fine," he decided with a lofty wave of his hand.  He turned around again, going to his duffel in the corner of the room.
it, and maybe he felt his gut flutter at the very idea that Cas wanted to give him that kind of romance, but he was more interested in making out at the moment.  All the other stuff seemed inconsequential. He brought his hand back up to cradle Cas’ face and turned him back into him. “Such—a—girl,” he said between kisses.
"That's Anna," he said, his voice low, after some time.  He didn't know why he said it.  It seemed rather obvious by process of elimination.
Letting the moment pass, Sam looked down.  He swallowed hard and nodded.  He understood Dean’s fears, but he couldn’t abandon Jack, especially now.  He looked Dean in the eyes and said, “Dean.  I’m going with or without you.”
He felt cold suddenly. There was no way Dean seriously believed what he’d almost suggested, but Cas wanted to put his mind to ease anyway. “Dean,” he said. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and lifted himself up to press a kiss to the corner of his lips. If he had known then that it would be the last time Dean let Cas kiss him, Castiel would have made it linger. “It’s only you.” He’d never understand the depth to which Cas meant that.
He pulled his pocket watch out to check the time. It was a few minutes after the half hour. Sighing, Castiel glanced up at the man snoring soundly across the garden. Dean was sitting on the grass, his back to a trunk. His arms were crossed loosely over his chest and legs were kicked out in front of him, ankles drifting to the sides. His chin dipped downward as he snoozed.
“Couldn’t find you,” Sam said.  “I was just going up to look for you again, but I guess you found me.  Hey, where were you, anyway?”
Castiel hummed and leaned in again, just because he could, to press a quick kiss onto him. It missed its mark slightly, landing on his bottom lip, but Dean didn’t seem to mind.
Because Zachariah was right. Castiel didn’t want a wife. He’d never wanted any woman in that way. But that was something he could never say, and the implications were something he could never act upon.
Dean blinked, seeming to take a moment to process the word. When he did, he lit up from the inside out. “Yeah?” he asked excitedly.
It was Dean who spoke first.  “That’s crap,” he said, voice tight to keep it from shaking.  Lucifer turned to look at him.  Castiel wanted to stop Dean, to keep him from Lucifer’s cold eyes.  But Dean kept going: “This isn’t about freedom.  Your town gets raided and you—what?  Spend the rest of your life getting revenge on innocent people who had nothing to do with it?”
The drier air didn’t last long, or maybe it was just the fact that the house packed it in like an oven. Night had fallen hours ago, leaving the back bedroom and long hall of the house nearly pitch black. Dean tossed and turned for a long time before giving up. It was too hot to breathe, let alone sleep. He got up and made for the bathroom, the warped floorboards groaning under him as he moved.
It was a loaded question.  Dean really didn’t know the answer to it.  He told himself it was because, one day, he’d be leaving again.  Maybe not to go fight—but still. Even if that dream wasn’t tangible, even if it wasn’t a reality, it could still happen.  He felt like his life was still transient, even if it wasn’t anymore, even if he’d been in the same city for five years now.  He had no idea how to sit still, and he didn’t want to subject anyone else to that. He wasn’t worth the effort, anyway.
“What?” Sam asked at once, seeming shocked. He stood up from the edge of the desk and turned around to face Bobby.
Except, no it wouldn't be.  Dean knew that in the marrow of his bones—and, what the hell did that even mean?  People couldn't feel their bone marrow.  That was a stupid phrase, and it made no sense, but fuck, if he wasn't nauseous down to a subatomic level.  His palms were slippery against the steering wheel, and that had nothing to do with the blazing heat of the midwestern sun baking the leather through the windshield like he was an ant under a magnifying glass.
Dean remained still for a moment longer—and then, all at once, he was slammed back into his body. He snatched the notebook out of Cas’ hands and flipped back to the page, glaring hard at the symbol.
He got to the other side of the rye field, his pistol still raised.  The figure was looking right at him.  He couldn’t see its eyes, nor its face, but he could feel them.  The stare burned through him—and Dean didn’t know why, but it stole all the warmth from him.  He felt as if the figure could see all his sins written on his face, that it was passing judgement, and it found him guilty.
Cas didn’t answer for a long second. It kind of looked like he’d shut down—expression neutral, eyes not even blinking. Then, he swallowed and said, “Of course. Allow me… time to decide.”
He took the duffel to John’s room, opening the door for the first time in months.  It was a little dingy and dusty inside, but nothing opening the curtains wouldn’t fix.  He dropped the bag on the floor next to the bed. His eyes found the nightstand, and he remembered something.
Rapidly, he unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt and pushed it to the side, showing her his tattoo. His eyes bore into her the whole time—never looking away, never blinking. He saw the way her expression dawned with realization.
There were bottles upon bottles of prescriptions in there, from oxy to Klonopin.  Dean shifted through them, wondering who the hell would buy this shit.
“Cool.” On her request, he handed over his phone so she could put her number and address into his contacts. Handing it back over, she said, “See you then.”
Dean pulled a t-shirt over his head. “Play catch up?” he suggested. Castiel furrowed his brows. “I dunno. Read something. Listen to music. Watch a movie—Actually, that’s a good idea. Movies’ll help teach you what the world’s like.”
He reached for the sheets on the bed, bunching them in his fist and feeling one corner rip loose.  Dean had to hold him down tighter, and Castiel was certain there would be five bruises tomorrow in the shape of his fingertips.  The thought alone was almost enough to send him over the top.
But then consciousness returned to him, bringing with it the true volume of the conversation outside and the feel of his mattress dipping next to him.  He looked over his shoulder to find Meg situating herself under the covers.
Cas hopped off the counter and went into the fridge to get the butter and parmesan cheese out.  Dean had to squeeze behind him on his way back from the sink, and hip-checked him playfully as he passed.  Cas jumped a little, but generally ignored him, and Dean went over to the sauce to spoon some into the pasta.  He added the ingredients Cas got from the fridge and stirred it all together before dividing it into two bowls.  He left the extras on the stove for now as he and Cas went to the table to eat.
Most of the rest of the town, too, thought it was a joke. Sure, there was some truth to power and ability being hereditary and, yes, Dean and Cas’s families were both pretty well-known and powerful throughout Saint’s Hallow. But, importantly, any child they had wouldn’t be of both their bloodlines. And they didn’t know of any evil. Sure, Miss Eve who ran the diner could be kind of a bitch sometimes, but not in the way that was so bad it would ruin their world and all others.
No way Dean was about to waste money and turn the heat up any higher, so he excused himself quickly to grab his quilt from off his bed, and returned to the living room.  When he sat down, he spread it out over his knees, and offered the other end of it to Cas. Cas shifted a little closer to him so they could share, and they ended up on the center cushion of the couch, shoulders nearly touching and legs kicked up onto the coffee table with the quilt wrapped around them.
In the distance, Jo and another maid were on a sunlit part of the patio, taking the bedsheets off the clotheslines and folding them into wicker baskets. She was too wrapped up in her task to look up, but Dean figured he’d catch her at some point during the day.
As Dean continued whatever he was doing at Michael's computer, Castiel closed the filing cabinet and crossed towards the coat closet on the other side of the room.
Dean popped his brows. “Oh, yeah? They’re already giving you homework? Preparing you for a life of working overtime. Capitalism never rests.”
His touch connected to Dean’s shoulder. As soon as it did, the flames came back in full force. They liquified, slamming through Dean’s body with a fury. A loud scream tore from his raw throat. His eyes closed. His body thrashed. It hardly felt like he was in his own skin anymore.
“You’re safe,” he whispered.  He kept standing there in the center of the empty street, unable to move until Jack settled.  His world narrowed down to the child in his arms.
Satisfied, Dean cocked a grin. He watched Cas take off the mask and hand it to the clerk. Then, an idea struck him. He looked around, eyes landing on the rack with the costume wings. “Hang on,” he said, ignoring Cas’ confusion and the sudden look of pure horror on the shopkeeper’s face. Dean walked over to the rack and brought back the wings. “We gotta complete the look.”
Something was clawing its way up his throat, threatening to break free. His eyes were burning. He bit down hard, twisting his lips to keep it inside. He felt the muscles in his face jump and spasm under the strain.
Now, he felt like nothing more than the fog that drifted over the front lawn after the rain: unmoored and untethered, about to disappear.
,” she said, stretching out the word like she was trying to make it innocent.  She folded her arms behind her back. “How’s Sam?”
“You’re a student, too?” Cas asked dubiously, and Dean’s stomach lurched suddenly. But before he could put a stop to it, Cas said, “But you’re a woman.”
He hadn't seen Meg in weeks, and he thought it might be awkward to speak with her now.  His eyes darted back and forth to find an escape route, but it was either walk by her or Michael.  She was far enough away that he could pretend not to notice her there, and she hadn't seemed to spot him yet.  But that would only make him feel guilty later.  It was childish not to speak to her.
Billie turned her head slightly, more intrigued than threatened. “Oh yeah? How are you gonna manage that?”
But he kept on until, through the trees, he saw the distant glow of firelight.  The lilt of a harmonica reached his ears.  Castiel paused, his hand gripping the cracked grooves of a trunk for support while he gathered his strength.  He didn’t know what he felt more of: relief for having reached his destination, or fear for what was coming next.
Dean could fill in the rest for himself.  Shit.  He hadn’t even thought of that.  “They could burn the place to the ground.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, attempting to draw Dean out. His soul was brighter than it should be for an occupied vessel, especially that of an archangel. It was possible Dean could break through the surface, if only a hand would reach into the shallows and hoist him up. “Dean, it’s me.”
"Nah, it's cool."  Dean picked up his coffee and brought it to his lips.  It tasted like lukewarm WD-40 at that point.  Over the rim of his mug, he asked, "How's Frau Blucher?"
Cas gave him a half-hearted nod before bringing his attention back to the others. Rowena had taken off the leather covering. She flipped through a few pages until finally settling on one. Cas squinted, trying to read at the distance.
Cas was laid out on the bedroll, a blanket tucked under his arms.  Dean had managed to mop up most of the blood from his face and neck, but it didn’t make him look much better.  He had cuts and scrapes on the apples of his cheeks and superficial burns on his jaw that were starting to blister, his stubble singed off in places.  His fingers were bruised.  There’d been a nasty, deep wound on the back of his head.
Dean’s stomach did a flip. The smile was off Sam’s face. They both stepped forward, and Cas got back to his feet. All three of them looked down at the engraving.
He stubbed out his cigarette and rubbed at his tired eyes. “That’s the point, Sam. I really don’t.” He scoffed, kicking his feet up on the chair next to him and dropping his hands down to his lap. “Cas just up and left to make his own way in the world—not even up to date on all his vaccines, by the way—and I’m here trying to figure everything out by myself. And I thought what Dorothy did would help me draw the line between me and past me, but ever since then, it’s been worse.” He studied his hands. “Plus, I’m still
At once, Castiel forgot all about his brothers and their glowers.  His focus snapped back to Dean, his lips parting slightly as his eyes traced his profile.  It was as though Dean had pulled that knowledge out of thin air.
Jody nodded solemnly in agreement.  But she changed the subject quickly to something more positive.  "She and Claire have taken quite the shining to one another.  They've practically been attached at the hip since Kaia got here.  Hope you don't mind her tagging along."
Dean looked down at his cracked hands, black dirt under his fingernails. “Yeah, right,” he said, because, according to Sam, he was the worst at taking compliments. And Cas always sounded so damn earnest. He brought his eyes back up to meet Cas’. “Fun, though.”
Ruby skidded to a stop, her heart seizing.  Her grip tightened on her gun in reflex, but it didn’t occur to her in that moment to raise it.  Sam was close.  She could see his eyes, his gaze latched onto hers.  And she knew she was dead.  He’d kill her.  He’d either shoot her or trample her.
He reached into his belt again and pulled out his knife.  He dared to look away from the family long enough to meet Cas’ eyes.  He held up the handle of the knife in offering.  “You know what to do with this?” he asked, words weighted, something unspoken just beneath them.  He was choosing to trust Cas, and he needed Cas to trust him, too.
Castiel thinned his lips, forced a polite smile, and looked down at his lap.  He wondered if he should ask after Lucifer.  He knew Uriel stayed in touch with him, and even went to visit him in prison.  No one else knew of their continued relationship, and Uriel wasn't open to broadcasting such information.  Castiel decided it was better not to ask.  He wasn't truly interested in the answer, anyway.  He was content to let Lucifer rot.
Cas wasn’t worried. Cas could go on believing it was fake. And maybe it was. Maybe he was right. Rowena could have just been playing them.
The apartment was quiet when Dean got home, every light off except for the one in Sam’s bedroom. His door was shut, but the soft glow of his lamp peeked out from under the door. Dean opened it without knocking, and found Sam sitting up in bed, his knees propped up under the covers to make a small mountain of blankets, and his laptop perched on top of them.
Dean closed his mouth, and nodded. “Yeah.” A smile split his features, and Castiel felt the stretch of his own. Something ballooned in his chest. “I don’t know how. But I do.” He blinked at Castiel like he was looking at him anew, and laughed. “You were really somethin’.”
Maybe that wasn’t true.  Maybe he wasn’t better off alone, even if it was safer.  And maybe he didn’t know how to deal with that, so he went crazy and took off at the first sign of anything good.  Anything real. He’d done it with Lisa, after all.
"Dean."  He closed his eyes in focus and let the name spill off his tongue.  He couldn't recall the last time he'd heard it, the last time he'd spoken it.  It didn't matter now.  All the mattered was finding him, keeping his voice in his head.
He scooted forward on the deck, the cushion slipping and squealing under the coarse fabric of his jeans, until he settled at Cas' side.  "Look, I'm just trying to figure out why you're doing something you don't want to do."
When Sam’s hand fell away, his expression hardened.  He nodded once at Castiel and then rushed back from where they came.
control him—because there was a fire inside of Castiel, and it followed him everywhere he went.  From Chicago to Kansas, Missouri to the Indian Territory.  It would lick at his heels, bringing him all the way to Waco, with or without Dean.
Surprisingly, Dagon laughed.  It took Ruby aback, and it honestly took her a moment to realize what it was.  She didn’t even think she’d ever seen Dagon smile without a hint of ruefulness to it.  She blinked, stunned into silence.
he hadn’t grown up in some backward life like this one. He’d rather have his freedom than fancy clothes, and he wasn’t about to let Cas fall in line. That’s not the way it was supposed to be. They were supposed to be together. They were supposed to get a house in Boston and live off Cas’ money until they were old and gray and ready for the grave.
Castiel didn’t have the patience for this.  “Find me a spoon.”  He focused on rocking Jack again, all but begging him to quiet down.  Part of him felt badly for waking Dean, but the more dominant part was happy for the help.
“All right,” Castiel told him, because he was prideful and he was willing to bet his money on a side wager.  And even if he wasn’t all that usually, the smoke in his lungs and the whiskey in his head and his survival of the last week made him feel daring.  “I bet I could double your earnings.”
He missed Earth. He missed sitting among the mountains and listening to the wind. He longed to feel the push and pull of the tides, tamed and fettered by the moon, on the far-off coasts. He wanted to feel the way the burning heat of the sun transformed into life-giving warmth that kissed the flowers and trees. He wanted to watch the humans grow and live, to follow the bees as they created golden honey.
Dean took a second to sigh in exasperation before straightening out from the engine he was working on.  His spine complained with a pop, and he had a passing thought that he was getting too old for this shit.  He tried wiping the excess oil off his hands with an already saturated rag and walked around the open hood of the truck to where Charlie was perched Indian-style on the workbench.  Dean's cell phone was in her hand, and he never understood how she was able to get into it, but he'd given up on trying to change his password years ago.
The country club was on the north side of town, set apart by miles of greenery and a golf course.  There was a swimming pool, where there were a few families with young children enjoying the August weather, and a sauna room to one side of the main building.  A few suites for boarding, lounging, and business meetings occupied the building, too, as did the main dining room.
The TV screen changed, showing payment options.  Dean clicked on the debit option, and waited for the screen to load.  “C’mon, c’mon. Son of a . . .” he muttered, his heart jumping into his throat when it told him to swipe his card.  This was taking too long.
Castiel quickly reached up and folded his hand over Dean’s on his shoulder.  He squeezed at Dean’s fingers, grounding both of them. “Don’t. I much prefer having you to my grace.”  He managed a weak smile to show it, and Dean returned it when he peered back up. He leaned in and kissed Castiel chastely.
When their shirts were discarded, Castiel took a moment to admire Dean’s chest up close. His tattoo was stark on his skin, and it sat among a mass of freckles. Castiel wanted to count every one. He touched Dean’s ribs, watching the way his skin instantly bumped and his spine rocked. Dean had once told him he had cold hands. “Apologies,” Castiel said, hardly able to get the word out.
Castiel sighed and shifted, leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees.  Dean dipped forward, too, mirroring his position.
“Yeah, well,” he said, trying to move past it.  He opened his eyes.  He should have known he’d find Cas’ searching him—big and blue and genuine, and Dean was helpless under them.  “It’s fine.  Actually, it was kind of the reason my father became a witch hunter.  Why me and Sam are, too.”
It’d been easy to bury himself in Cas and forget that the rest of the world existed, to mouth soft things in the space between them that Cas would never hear.  Things like,
Dean sighed heavily, and dug the heel of his palm into his eye to stifle the headache coming on.  “Yeah. Long day.” He dropped his arm, blinking the shadows out of his eyes and focusing on Sam. “I was in that pitch meeting.”
Rowena glanced in Sam’s direction before exhaling. “Well, as I said, Castiel has his own body. There wouldn’t have to be a sacrifice.”
. I was so happy when he decided to go to school instead of enlist. I was a military brat, too, and I never wanted that life for my kids.” She shrugged. “But here we are.”
Dean did most of the work while cooking, and Castiel wasn't certain why he was needed.  His only function seemed to be passing spices and cheese to Dean when he asked for them.  But Castiel didn't mind, especially because the kitchen was tight enough that, whenever Dean had to get around him, he was liberal with his hands.  They grazed Castiel's hips, held his arms, rested on the small of his back.  Their shoulders knocked together occasionally. Every time, it made his skin hum, and he thought he'd like to touch back.
far gone that he’d told Dean he couldn’t stop thinking about their dance. It was the focal point of all his dreams.
There was just a split second where Dean thought he’d been horribly wrong, and his stomach swooped with the knowledge that he was about to get fired.  But then Cas’ hands were on him, and he was pulling Dean back against his mouth. Dean kissed him back, parting his lips to feel the slid of Cas’ tongue and the heat of his breath.  And Dean wanted to feel his skin on Cas’—and Cas apparently wanted the same thing, because his fingers were flying down the buttons of Dean’s shirt, fumbling to undo them. When it was open, Dean damn near ripped the thing off his body, hearing the fabric snap as he struggled out of it.
backpack looked a little tighter than it should have around his shoulders. “Have a good day at school, honey. Bye, Castiel. Bye, Dean!”
Castiel swallowed. He wasn’t sure how he was planning on following that up. There was a question, but it was one he didn’t know if he could ask.
“I don’t know what to think!” Dean erupted.  “Please, Cas, tell me what to think—‘cause I’m having a hard time figuring it out!”
At last, Dean’s grin waned.  He cleared his throat, quickly throwing a glance to Castiel before standing up.  Castiel’s fists tensed on his lap.  He knew Dean could handle this.  Even if Dean couldn’t talk the man down, he was up to snuff in a fight.  But Dean was still bruised from his last fight.  He couldn’t afford more injuries.  He wasn’t only fighting for himself these days.  He was fighting for all of them.  He was fighting for Jack.
Castiel looked away, not wanting to lie. He knew he should tell Dean and Sam, but they’d want to help. He couldn’t drag them into it. They were at peace now, as they should be. Castiel couldn’t ruin that for them.
Dean almost said no, but it could have been Sam. Besides, they couldn’t sit on the side of the highway all night just to make out—no matter how tempting that sounded.
At least there would be other people there.  Charlie might try to get them to hook up, but Balthazar would be a good buffer.  Maybe Sam and Eileen could join, too.
“Dean, you need to rest,” Cas said, walking around the desk slowly as if he were going to do something about it.
John folded the paper back to the first page and held up the article.  There it was, front and center, Michael and Cas in front of a bunch of reporters.  It was the same image, just a different angle.  John tapped the picture with a work-cracked, giant finger.  "Isn't that your friend?  What was his name?  Cas?"
His heart was pumping loudly in his ears, and he didn’t know if he was nervous about crossing the grounds unseen or about seeing Cas again. Maybe a little bit of both, if he was being honest.
Sam shook his head.  “I don’t think that’s the best option,” he said.  “If they think you have the baby, they’ll keep looking for you.”
He wasn't able to figure it out, because Sam was leaning into his personal space and grinning from ear to ear.  "Hey, man.  Good to have you back with us."
“Maybe I should sleep on the couch?” he whispered, just wanting Dean to tell him what to do.  Castiel didn’t know how to navigate this situation.
They wouldn’t get away with it.  Not now.  Not when she’d just won Lucifer’s favor.  She wouldn’t let him down.
But then Dean moved again, dipping down quickly to lick a stripe up the underside of Castiel’s dick.  It was unexpected, and Castiel nearly arched off the bed as a loud moan ripped from his throat—and he didn’t care.  He didn’t care who he’d woken up. He didn’t care if the entire building had heard him. Dean’s mouth was on him, teasing him gently by swirling his tongue around the head, and it was completely maddening.
.  I may be able to help with that.”  He reached into his pocket, pulling out a business card.  He held it loftily for Castiel to take. “I believe you and I should be friends.”
“Right.” Dean nodded, sucking on his teeth. He’d dreamed about a lot more than the war back then. He still did. “Yeah, that wasn’t that.”
, it’s none of your business, kid.” He reached up and flicked Castiel on the chest with his thumb and forefinger, like he was a gnat to be easily squashed. Castiel only reacted by looking vaguely downward. When his eyes swept back up, there was a neutral displeasure in them.
A thought occurred to Cas and the dread inside him froze to terror. Lucifer could take Dean. It could be Dean staring at him, with empty eyes, going after their son. Cas shut his eyes against the thought, trying to will it away. It would never come to that. Dean was too strong, anyway. He would never allow it, no matter how robust Lucifer’s ability got.
Dean was pretty sure he’d just imagined that. Hell, maybe this place was still burning and he was trapped inside his own head in some smoke-induced coma dream.
He'd never wanted to kill anyone before, and this urge—it was kind of scary, to be honest, but he couldn't even think of that now.  He just let the hatred spur him on and Alastair goaded, "But I tired the bitch out nice and proper after a while.  You think you got more stamina, Dean?"
Rowena went to the back of the room and opened the glass doors of her liquor cabinet. She pulled out a bottle of scotch and a tumbler, filling it with a large amount of alcohol. Dean was almost jealous watching her gulp it down, because he could really use a drink, too. Or a cigarette. Or both.
Cas gave him baleful eyes, but he looked like he appreciated the sentiment.  “I don’t think that will be easy in a city, Dean.”
“That was very kind of you both,” Sam said gratefully.  He was glad to know Cas had at least two friends on the trail.
Even before he cleared the threshold, he heard someone clattering around inside the kitchen.  “Miss Baker?” he called, stepping through.  “I was wondering if there’s anything—Oh.”  He stopped short, letting his arms swing uselessly at his sides.
Ruby eyed her skeptically.  “That’s an awfully negative outlook.”  When Dagon scoffed, still not taking her seriously, Ruby continued, “No, I mean it.  He’s a
“You promised!” Something was dripping out of Jimmy’s hairline. Black and thick, like tar. The sludge traveled down his forehead, into his eyes, down his cheeks and chin. It went into his mouth as he repeated his words over and over again.
He hadn’t meant to do it. He’d gone to Heaven to ask for Naomi’s help. They needed help taking on Chuck. They needed help stopping him. But she refused. All of them refused. Castiel had meant to reason with them, to tell them Chuck would end everything—not just Heaven. What did it matter if it collapsed when the rest of creation was burning? He’d meant to lead them into battle.
With every new gust of wind, another golden leaf drifted down from the oak tree under which Castiel sat. The most recent one landed on his outstretched ankle, its honey color a stark contrast to the black of his trousers. He leaned back against the rough bark, nestling himself in deeper between the roots, and propped up his knees. The leaf tumbled to the grass, but at least he was blocked from the breeze now. The pages of his book didn’t flutter so much.
Before he so much as opened the fridge, the front door clicked open.  Sam came through, one strap of his backpack slung over his shoulder.  "Hey," he called when he saw Dean hovering in the kitchen entrance.  He kicked off his shoes into a messy pile next to the wall and let his bag slide to the floor.
He followed Dean’s voice to a room on the opposite side of the house. Two large wooden doors opened up to an expansive room lined with elaborate bookshelves on every side. Thousands of dusty tomes were lined up, filling every space, along with cases of relics and objects. Inside them, Castiel saw some amulets and jewelry, some weapons, carved totems, and even some preserved bones. A giant skylight took up most of the ceiling, letting the sunlight drift lazily through.
Cas pushed back his chair, standing up.  “Fine.  Since you don’t need our money for cards, I’m getting supplies for Jack.”
He looked back around, silently begging Dean to save him, to tell him that he didn’t need to go through with this.  That they could go back to Castiel’s apartment and he could prove to Dean that sex was an option firsthand.
Salt. Salt was pure. It’d neutralize any curses. Tomorrow, he’d head into town to get some herbs to make a poultice that would counter any spells cast on the house.
He moved forward, and immediately every one of his team members’ eyes landed on him.  People in mid-conversation abruptly stopped. The bagel Garth was eating fell out of his mouth and thwacked onto his keyboard.  Max was giving him guilty eyes, even though none of this was his fault. He knew how to keep his damn mouth shut.
Dean hummed happily and took one more kiss. “Damn, how’d you end up being such a horn-dog? Didn’t see that coming.”
Eventually, she sighed through her nose and continued. “I snuck into his home office the other night and found something. Not sure if I should confront him about it.”
Andrea walked away, and Dean didn’t even notice. He blinked at Cas, and realized this was the worst situation possible, because now he only felt guiltier. “You don’t have to do that—.”
There was a knock at the door across the room.  Castiel looked over, unfolding his arms from across his chest.
“I need hot water,” Cas cut in as he led Kelly to the kitchen table.  Dean let his hands slip away, and he stood dumbly in the doorway.  He shared a severe look with Sam.
As Dean slid into his jeans, he said, “I only have two classes today. Should be done around two-ish. But then I gotta head over to the garage for a couple hours for work. And Sam’s at his internship tonight. We’ll both be back for dinner though.”
Cas set the wicker basket on the dirt.  He dug through it, pulling out the folded sling and putting it over his shoulder.  He lifted Jack in a small bundle of blankets, trying to shush him before fitting him into the sling.  Sam handed him Lincoln’s reins.
He wished he still had that damn dime novel to give him something substantial to say.  All he’d really been doing so far was thinking aloud.  He’d probably end up boring Cas to death.
No, that was something that would either have to wait until Lucifer was defeated – or, preferably, held off altogether.
Dean stood in the threshold, half-inside the music room and half-in the hallway. He watched Sam and Rowena in the foyer, the two of them setting up candles in strategic spots and painting sigils from the Book of the Damned on the carpet. Dean was starting to get light headed from the fragrant scent of the herbs smoldering in a large bowl. Sam followed Rowena’s instruction, his posture suggesting he was holding himself back from begging Dean to call the whole thing off.
Balthazar turned around again, stepped into the hall, and paused once more. He looked back at Castiel, mouth open like he was going to say something else. But then he shook his head and disappeared from the threshold.
Michael was the furthest from him, thank God, and standing next to him was Raphael. Anael was in the middle of the row, and Uriel beside Castiel.
Sputtering momentarily, Dean eventually got a hold of himself and said, “You’re a pretty flirtatious drunk, you know that?”
When Castiel woke up, it was due to a knocking at the front door.  He was still wrapped around Dean, and he squinted in the dark to find Dean’s eyes already open and alert.  “What time is it?” he slurred, too tired to look up at the clock on the nightstand.
Castiel fished the keys from his back pocket and went to the driver’s side.  The engine rumbled into life when he turned the key in the ignition, and it sounded the way it should have.
He stood there frozen for a few long seconds, just watching Cas standing on the dock, looking out at the mangroves, the airboat bobbing sluggishly nearby. He should probably just leave Cas alone. It wasn’t like it was a crime to be outside this late at night.
Which reminded Dean, he still had no idea where they were going.  He promised Sam he would anyway, and then he walked around the car to join Cas inside.  Cas was looking at his phone again as Dean stuck the key in the ignition and listed to the engine turn over.  His fingers tapped against the leather steering wheel, eager to get started.
Still, it wasn’t all bad. A little girl around Jack’s age had laughed shyly at him when he helped her reach a candy bar on one of the high shelves. And Nora was a very patient woman whom he so far got along with. Besides, he was earning his own money. Though, he hadn’t seen any of the money yet, he was ensured it was coming at the end of the following week.
He didn’t get to finish his sentence.  Cas grabbed him by the front of the shirt and hauled him into a kiss.  The force of it kind of hurt, and Dean wondered if he’d get a fat lip, but he was willing to take the risk.  He kissed back, his hands coming up to cradle Cas’ jaw. They were both soaking wet, but Dean didn’t feel waterlogged anymore.  He felt like he was floating.
“Oh,” he heard Cas say.  It took a second, but then Cas turned to follow him.  When he caught up, Dean saw he was munching on a blondie.  “Let me know what you come up with, and the cost,” he said, still chewing.  After swallowing, he added, “I think it could be a good bonding experience for the team.”
“There is no cure for the Mark,” Castiel snipped. “You’ve both been searching for months, but we all know it’s a waste of time. The only cure is to pass it to someone else.”
“Yes,” Sam shot back defensively.  “Lucifer kidnapped her when she was a kid, just like he’s trying to do with Jack.  He forced her into this life.  She wants out.”
Dean leaned back, only a little disappointed that they hadn’t jumped right to the getting-to-know-you-in-the-biblical-sense way.  “About an hour outside it. Grew up in the mountains.” He kind of wished he still lived there, but his commute would be hell, and he didn’t have the energy for that.  He already felt like enough hours were wasted on work. But he was trapped in the city, with its claustrophobic streets and smoggy air. When he was a kid, he loved visiting—seeing all the people, the lights and sounds, getting lost in the rush.  It was his small suburban town he wanted to break away from. Things changed when he got older. There were too many people, too many lights and sounds, and the rush of it all gave him no room to spread out. There was no freedom in the city.
Dean didn’t want to talk about it. He closed his eyes, wondering if he could pretend he was asleep. But, whenever he closed his eyes for two long, he saw a set of blue ones staring back at him. He could still hear Cas’ voice in his head. It was there all the time.
Cas nodded gently, seeming more than on board.  Dean pecked him on the lips one more time before stepping back to give him room to hop off the desk.  As Cas pulled up his pants and buckled his belt, Dean snatched some tissues from the box on the filing cabinet and wiped up the spunk on the desk.  He scrunched his nose in disgust when it left a wet trail behind, but at least it hadn’t dried onto the surface. “Gross,” he muttered, balling up the tissue.  He tossed it in the trash can.
All it did was make him mad about the spilled drinks making the tables and floors sticky, the new rip in the pool table, the stolen darts, and the confetti and streamers all over the floor that some asshole decided would be fun to toss around.  At least the tip jar was overflowing.
When Dean stood up again, Castiel knew he was leaving. He swallowed, throat clicking, and resisted the urge to ask Dean to stay. He reminded himself that Dean had his own life—and Castiel did not. Not yet. Maybe, in time…
Balthazar jumped instantly, and clutched his chest as he settled.  "Good Lord, are you trying to kill me?"
After a minute, Cas looked up at him earnestly.  “I didn’t bring you here to make you uncomfortable, Dean, and I certainly didn’t mean to insult you,” he said.  “I asked you here tonight because . . .”
He was whirled around quite suddenly, his spine pushed back against the wall.  Dean kissed him fervently, deeply.  When the surprise wore off, Castiel kissed back.  He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders, touch reverent as he pressed his fingertips into Dean’s sleeves to feel the muscles beneath.  Dean was squeezing his hips, and soft noises started coming from the back of his throat.
"Dean," John said.  It was one word, one syllable, and it was enough to tell Dean that his father was in a mood.
It’d been easier to stay and challenge the ceiling to a staring contest.  It won. It always won. Dean thought it would at least take pity on him and throw the game, but he should have known that was stupid from prior experience.
“Not that it matters. I can’t find anything that’ll help us,” Claire was saying. “I’ve looked through the stupid thing like, eighty times.”
The part of Castiel who attended mass every Sunday, who wore a uniform suit and tie to Catholic elementary school as a child, who once took everything his father, other siblings, and priests preached at face value, was affronted by the comment.  He wanted to accuse Dean of not telling his father about his sexual orientation for similar reasons.
When he finally got Cas’ shirt off, he grabbed him by the wrists and tugged him toward the bed.  It was a single, barely big enough for one of them, never mind both.  That was about to make sex a little more complicated and sleeping either blissful or annoying.  But Dean would work with what he had.
He needed to find Dean—and there was really only one place Sam knew he’d be on a day like this.  He walked until he came upon the saloon.
At least they had that in common. But it wasn’t enough. Dean needed Cas to understand. He needed them to be back on the same page. Because the whole fucking world was on the brink, and he just needed Cas on his side, just as much as he needed Sam. Maybe, in some ways, differently than he needed Sam.
“She’s alive,” Lucifer assured.  “And in one piece.”  Castiel felt as if his knees might give out from relief.  He listened as Lucifer said, “She’ll remain that way.  She’s not who I’m after.  After all, her only crime was protecting her sons.  I find myself . . . relating to her.”
He couldn’t help himself.  He turned towards her, resting one elbow on the bar, and shot her his best flirty grin.  She was really hot, and Dean bet he wouldn’t see a body like that again anywhere across the US.
“We’d bring up some cold sodas, watch some movies.”  Castiel peered over his shoulder to find Dean pointing at the tall, white wall where the door was.  “That spot there’s pretty good for a projector. I’ll have to dig that out from somewhere again.” He fussed with the edges of the blanket.
“The police,” she echoed, voice dripping with irritation.  “That’s not really gonna help my dad, is it?”
“Ah, nothin’,” he said, and walked around the couch to sit back down.  Cas hesitated for a second, and then followed. Dean shifted, trying to get comfortable despite the lumps in the cushion and the broken springs.  “We could put on something else,” he suggested.
He would try to make it up to him.  Castiel would tell Jack about the Winchesters one day.  Jack would grow and know their names, and he’d know what they did to protect him.  But only the good parts of the story.
They pulled at his arms to get his attention, and Castiel tried to stand up straight to little success as they hung off of him.  "Okay, okay.  Go sit."
Dean plucked the package from Cas’ arms and brought it over to Chevy’s saddlebag.  He opened the flap and stuffed it in.  “Then let’s go get some,” he suggested.  “Whatever happened, I’m guessing Rowena knows.”
Bobby remained still for a second, just staring at Dean as he stood half-in and half-out of the door.  "You okay, boy?"
Cas nodded, looking like it was a memory he didn’t like reliving. “I wasn’t the only one. I didn’t see anyone at first, but I heard them. Millions of angels and demons calling out. I don’t know how many. It wasn’t all of them, but… enough. That was how Jack and I rescued the angels we did from the Empty. They were already awake. We took who we needed and left the rest.”
Simply by the way Edgar’s jaw clamped, Castiel knew Dean had failed.  The man shot forward, his fists clutching the collar of Dean’s coat and dragging him in.  Dean let out a noise, stumbling forward into the table.  The wood clamored, and Castiel’s whiskey spilled over.  The woman at their table shouted out.  Edgar was yelling in Spanish.
He tilted his chin upward, gaze resting on the canopy above. Dean always hated that canopy. Castiel imagined ripping it down and fashioning the curtains into a rope. His eyes snagged on the rafter just over the foot of the bed.
He looked around wildly, searching for a sign among the devastation that Sam was wrong, that they were worried for no reason.
.  He’d gone through it at least a dozen times by now, and he wasn’t certain if it was getting his point across.  He hoped it was enough to ask for protection—and for absolution.
“Yup.  That’s Sammy,” Dean answered in a snipped tone, nostrils flared and mouth twisting to show his teeth as he spoke.
Around 9 PM, there was a knock on the door, and Dean's heart plummeted before kicking into high gear.  But he was pretty sure an assassin wouldn’t ring the doorbell; and, besides, he knew that knock.
Castiel didn’t know how long he’d been sitting there—in his bedroom, the mattress dipping under him and his feet planted on the floor. Though, in truth, they didn’t feel planted. His grip on the world felt tenuous, as if he were about to fade away into the shadows bleeding out from the corners of the room, unlit by the flames hissing in the fireplace.
Hesitantly, he turned around.  Deep down, he’d expected to find Dean glaring at him.  He didn’t expect to see this—the slack jaw, the despairing eyes, like he’d been cracked down the middle.  Castiel couldn’t tell if Dean seemed more surprised or hurt.
Castiel turned away again, thinking.  Dean was leaving this up to him. And part of him wanted to leave the house, to put all this behind him, even if his grace couldn’t conjure a haunting anymore.  But they weren’t done here. There was still plenty of work left and, besides, they needed to finish their “honeymoon,” as Dean had called it. Perhaps, now, it could be wholly enjoyable.
He reached for his phone on the floor next to his mattress and clicked it out of sleep mode.  A few notification banners were on his screen. The top one was for a twitter post linking to a news article about the empty lot by the lake Evangelist was cleaning up to make into a park.  The tweet above it made it seem like a bad thing, and apparently the rest of twitter agreed.
Dean’s gut reaction was to say no. No, they belonged to someone else. Even if they shared a name and a face, he was different. A different person. He had no claim to who Dean was now.
“Castiel,” the Brother said as he came to a stop beside the pew where Castiel was seated.  “I came in here for some alone time with the Almighty.  Didn’t expect to find anyone else.”
There was stitched up Y-incision on her torso, so Dean figured they wouldn’t have to do much digging around inside. Thank fuck. He checked the normal stuff on the outside—looking for vamp fangs, touching his silver knife to her skin, spritzing some holy water on her just to be safe. There was nothing.
And he guessed that was fair. He tried to smile back. His stomach roiled. “Yeah? What’s the verdict?” He realized he was nervous. He wouldn’t blame her if she never wanted to talk to him again—but he didn’t want that.
He twirled the knife in his wrist in the direction of the register.  "Over there.  And they aren't gonna show up again, don't worry."
Dean’s eyes flickered up and down his person, making sure Cas wasn’t carrying any pointy objects.  He was in the clear, but Cas was clutching a paper bag in one hand, so it was still a possibility. “Uh, fine.”  Dean really didn’t know where to go from there, and Cas kept glaring, back rigid and expression taut. “Do you, uh—wanna come in—?”
Dean looked down at his notebook, face buzzing with shame.  He quickly glanced up at Max to make sure he hadn’t seen anything, and thank god he seemed to be focusing on the presentation.  Then his eyes dropped back to the art directors, and they were scowling at him now. He really didn’t blame them. Most of the women, and some of the guys, around the office had a crush on Cas; and even the straight guys admitted he was handsome.  It was a nightmare.
Zachariah walked in, and Castiel looked over the butler’s shoulder, waiting for Dean to follow. The only thing there was empty space.
Sam was getting serious all of a sudden, and Dean didn’t want that.  It was way too awkward. Anything out of Dean’s mouth next, no matter how genuine, would probably sound sarcastic just to balance the scales.
But Cas didn’t scold him, or tell him it was irresponsible, or say he needed someone more committed to the company as an admin.  He said, “That’s an admirable desire.”
Dean turned to her and crossed his arms. “Yeah, maybe,” he muttered. It didn’t make him feel any better.
“Of course.”  He hoped that wouldn’t give her time to rethink this.  For good measure, he said, “Thank you, Meg.”
Castiel meandered through the groups of people spread out on the lawn in front of the Phog, many of them posing for pictures or embracing family members in their Sunday bests. Castiel didn’t have any of his relatives at his graduation.
A tingle of giddiness, and nervousness, even went through Cas when Dean leaned back and pulled off his tee shirt. Cas set in on his collar bone and chest, nipping and sucking at his skin to leave marks behind. Above him, Dean’s breath came out in hitches and pants. He cupped his hand on the front of Cas’s jeans, and it had been so long since anyone had touched him, Cas very nearly collapsed against Dean’s chest.
Castiel nodded to at least pretend he gave a damn. Balthazar spun around and crossed the street, his hands in his pockets as he strolled away.
Castiel didn’t know why he stopped. Briefly, he considered continuing on again, but he wasn’t angry with Sam. Sighing, he turned around to face him. Sam’s eyes were large, full of understanding, beseeching. Castiel wasn’t interested in his peacemaking.
Castiel rolled his eyes, because Dean was being far too dramatic. He had a creeping suspicion Dean wasn’t stating his real concern. “I’m not planning on hanging myself.”
Dean's grin faltered a little as he straightened out.  "You're tellin' me," he agreed under his breath without moving his mouth.
“Okay. Breakfast date it is.” He hated how giddy those words made him feel, even if they were a joke. He and Cas had never
Michael didn't question it, didn't give him the opportunity to change his mind, didn't praise him for the choice.  He picked up his phone delicately between two fingers and held it to his ear.  He pushed one button and said, "Hannah, get the chief of police on the line."
“Well, evidently, your excuse of my involvement in the Amish religion was acceptable. The manager was a lovely woman. She said she was happy to help me integrate into society,” Cas told him smugly. When Dean had given Kelly that bogus excuse, he’d been pretty proud of his ability to think on his feet. Now, he regretted it. “She took a
Inside, Rowena jumped up from her chair, face aghast. “How dare—” she began yelling, her words cut off by a bang from Sam’s gun. Rowena went down, falling back into her chair. At first, Dean thought she was dead, but Sam had only winged her. Blood pooled through the cracks in her fingers as she clutched her shoulder.
And he understood.  He did. Hell, Dean was in his mid-thirties and his coffee table and bed frame were shit he’d gotten from his parents’ basement.  His dresser had been something Sam had given him because he’d been trying to get rid of it after he moved in with Jess.
“You know,” he said into a grunt as he laid back down on his side, facing Castiel, “it’s kinda nice having you on the trail with me.”  He cupped his hand behind Castiel’s knee and gave him a quick squeeze.  He drew in closer, tucking his nose into Castiel’s throat.  Castiel bit down on his jaw to stop himself from grinning.  “What do you say we keep it up?  You could take your practice on the road.”
"Cool."  Dean squeezed past him to get to the fridge, his palm wrapping around Castiel's shoulder as he did.  Castiel tensed slightly at the touch, but Dean didn't pull away.  He kept it there as he went into the fridge and pulled out a pack of ground beef.
He told himself to calm down.  That, any minute, an officer would come through and give him his phone call.  And then he could go home.
Castiel looked behind him at the people waiting.  He didn’t want them to get impatient, but he wasn’t sure situating himself between Dean’s knees like that was the best idea.
He knew he had to think fast, though, because the car was still at Cas' place.  Maybe he could avoid him.  If he hurried, he could probably get it and drive off before Cas got home from his family meeting.  Or he could wait and get the Impala when Cas was at the library.
Furious and indignant, Castiel returned his gaze, but he couldn’t hold it for long, especially when Zachariah continued speaking: “If only you gave her a chance, you’d love her. Everyone else can see it! You two are made for each other.”
He would forget Dean. Before Dean barreled into his life, before Castiel got a taste of what life could be like outside the walls of the manor, he’d be perfectly numb to any emotion, positive or negative, about his future. Surely, contentedness was a step up from that. It was certainly better than the empty melancholy he felt at every waking moment now.
Dean wanted to yell, to rage. He loved his mom, too, but it was no excuse. John had two sons. What about them? Didn’t he love them?
Dean let out a shaky breath, his low-wattage smile turning more genuine. His hands moved up to cup Castiel’s face. Castiel tried to return his smile. He told himself all would be well. He and Dean would be together for the rest of their lives. Nothing else mattered.
“Your next payday,” she told him.  “Go there at that time tomorrow night.  Someone will come out and give you something.  I’ll text you then and tell you where to bring them.”
More jarring still was Dean.  His eyes came alight during the space battles; he made soft “pew-pew” sounds under his breath to mimic the guns.  He seemed to have memorized every line uttered by Han Solo, and mouthed them along with the movie, or, when he got very excited, shouted them a few moments before the character did.
Cas, with his blue eyes and strong chin and the vertical line that formed between his eyes when he was confused. And, if Dean was being honest, he found excuses to spend more time with him. But he did that with everyone! Like Benny or Jo or Garth.
“Yeah, yeah, of course,” Sam dismissed with a smile. “Good thing we all get along, right?” He let out a chuckle, and the realtor followed along.
who he wanted.  And he’d been so wrong.  Every reason he had for him and Cas not working out, every reservation and fear, everything he convinced himself—it was all for nothing.  As the thought of that settled into his bones, he felt himself breathe in relief.
Jack thought about it for a second, and then nodded.  Relieved, Castiel picked himself off the floor, thanked Hannah again, grabbed the knob to the office door, took a breath to steel himself, and pushed inside.
When Dean’s mouth started to trail away from his to line his chin and jaw, Castiel’s eyes blinked open to the library. The apparition he’d seen before was still fresh in his mind, and he didn’t want to think about. He didn’t want it to taint his time with Dean.
Dean wanted to burst out laughing.  He swiped the pad of his thumb over his bottom lip.  “Oh, you wanna talk?” About what? About Cas rejecting him, or about his idea potentially winning them a million-dollar account that Dean wouldn’t see a penny of?
Castiel didn’t want to leave him.  But he had to.  It was best to go now, while it was still early, before the sun rose and any normal camp would rise with it.
Perhaps a few years ago, Cas wouldn’t have rolled his eyes at another mention of the prophecy. But it was becoming less humorous every time it was brought up. Dean, however, scoffed. “Why, because a stupid poem from a thousand years ago?”
He hardly registered it when they stopped next to the pond so Jack could practice skipping stones on the icy water.
“Yo, Sam, you home?” Dean called as he toed off his boots at the door, not bothering to untie them first.  They were added to the pile. Then, he shrugged off his leather jacket and hung it on top of another coat already occupying a hook.  Castiel took that as his cue to take off his coat, too, but he didn’t know where to hang it. Each hook already had multiple layers on it, and he decided on the one that appeared to carry the least weight.
Cas looked up, away from the phone.  Dean immediately felt his pulse trip, because he really was just a stupid asshole.  Mildred, he could talk to about taking time off, quitting his job, hitting the road.  But Cas was his boss now. It probably made Dean look bad to say stuff like that.
“He has a fever,” he told Dean.  When Dean’s eyes went wide, Castiel explained, “It’ll be fine.  It’s just—the laudanum will take time to work.”
Castiel thought she was dead.  But then he saw the shallow rise and fall of her chest.  He quickly crouched next to her and checked her neck for a pulse.  It was there, but barely.
Maybe not.  He was looking at Dean kind of funny, like he was expecting him to pick up on some subtlety.  But what the hell was Dean supposed to catch on to? All Cas said was he was headed back to the hotel—Oh.
Jack was restless, easily picked up on the tension, and wiggled from one person to the next, hoping for distraction. Claire alternated between poking at her strawberry-frosted donut and wandering behind Dean like a duckling. No one mentioned the fierceness with which she clutched her stuffed Grumpy Cat to her chest. Finally, Dean set them on each other, with Sam as supervisor, suggesting that they help Jack practice some lowkey magic.
He remembered the luggage in the hall. Nodding in that direction, he said, “Looks like you’re ready to go.”
Dean wanted to laugh.  It came out as a choked kind of cough.  "Why the hell would Cas save me from a fire?"
Dean’s arm pulled Castiel in closer, effectively shutting him up.  Without opening his eyes, he nuzzled his nose against Castiel’s, his lips like a magnetic pull.  Castiel kissed him back slowly, and it was getting harder by the second to leave.
The referee came over, counting the seconds down.  The giant didn’t recover in time.  But Dean wobbled to his feet.
Castiel froze, dread stealing over him, sure that Dean had changed his mind about doing this.  But then Dean said, “Hold that thought.” He shifted his weight to his hips as he pushed himself up by the arms and reached into his nightstand drawer.  Castiel grunted loudly when Dean first pressed into him, because it almost hurt, but it also sent a shockwave throughout him right from his dick.
Besides, Sam would kill him if he found out Dean was even considering it as an option again.  He was still pretty busy with school and his job at the law firm, which Dean was less than thrilled about, but his old job at the motel let him come back on the weekends to work maintenance.  Sam was usually bone-tired at the end of every day, and he didn't bring in too much more money, but it was something.  Now that Christmas break was coming up, he'd be able to pick up a few more shifts, which was great because they were behind on rent.
The TV was the only thing worth a damn, and apparently the apartment’s previous occupants had left it behind.  Something about it being too hard to unmount from the bricks. Dean didn’t care. He was just happy to watch it whenever he was over Cas’ place.
They’d technically gone on the trip for work.  It only seemed fair that they were given enough time to recover.  But he guessed that wasn’t how things worked and people were supposed to just power through.
Dean brought the cross to his lips, pretending it was Cas, before letting it drop.  It wasn’t Cas.  It wouldn’t do.  And fuck prayer.  Fuck hoping.  Dean would see them again.  He’d tell Cas what he should have a long time ago.
Dean figured he probably wouldn’t get the chance to actually catch up with Cas that night, but that didn’t really matter. Dean went back to his task, mood lifted. That night, he ate dinner with the rest of the staff, and he didn’t mention to anyone what day it was.
Castiel didn’t want to leave just yet. It felt wrong to. He thought he should stay until the barn was gone completely. Something in his chest tugged him towards it.
Lucifer wouldn’t be happy, and he’d see it as Ruby’s fault.  She’d been the one who sent the posse after his son.  She’d failed.
This wasn’t over. Whatever was after them was still there—lingering, waiting, watching him from within the trees.
Dean felt a rush of embarrassment redden his ears, but she was gone before it got too bright. He looked over his shoulder at Cas, but thankfully Cas hadn’t been paying much attention. He was looking down at the body again, both of them motionless.
"And what's that supposed to mean?" Raphael challenged.  Castiel glanced quickly at Michael, who remained silent, as he always did when the subject of their parents was broached.  Castiel didn't know Michael's feelings towards the matter, if he held any other than a sense of duty to continue what they’d left behind.
“Dean, you won’t,” Cas started, his voice a whisper so the ladies wouldn’t hear.  “You won’t tell anyone?”
aware of his thoughts. Sam had always been better with that self-help yoga shit. The only thing that ever really turned Dean’s brain off was driving long distances or random, meaningless sex. He guessed Dorothy wasn’t offering either of those things.
AHHHHHH! i'm really sad this is over. not really sure how a crack concept i decided to write on a whim because i was bored became so personal to me???? i rllllly may have to make a paperback of this one for myself. never had the urge to do that for any of my fics, but idk. this one turned out to be very near and dear. i'm gonna miss it.
They did all the stuff they used to do when they were just friends.  They watched movies, listened to music, drove around in the Impala, went to Benny's.  Dean even got to hang out with Claire and Jack at the park yesterday, which was awesome.  He'd missed those two.
Ruby gritted her teeth, a moment away from bringing out the knife concealed in her boot.  Patience, she reminded herself.  Bela was only trying to get a rise out of her, most likely because she was bored.
“Apologies,” Cas told him, voice as flat and robotic as Dean had ever heard it.  “I slept through my alarm this morning. I only received your message twenty minutes ago.  I got here as soon as I could.”
Toward the bottom of the rye, the crop parted.  In the low light of the moon, it was hard to see at first.  Something was emerging from between the stalks.  It wasn’t until they began curling did Dean recognize them.  Long, white fingers, ghastly hands.  They reached out, parting the rye, naked arms following.  The hands fell to the dirt, wrists arching upward at sharp, stiff angles, bones protruding.  The knuckles were bent like talons.  The fingernails were in the dirt, clawing and reaching as the hidden figure beyond dragged itself forward, grappling out of the wheat.
Castiel didn’t know what to say to that.  He slid his palm up and down Dean’s jaw, feeling the scratch of his stubble.  “It was just a dream,” he said, even though it hadn’t been. Not really.
He was used to the whole shebang of being processed: emptying his pockets, getting his mugshot taken, dabbing his fingers in that sticky ink.  It shouldn’t have bothered him. But this time, it did. Because, this time, he’d really fucked up.
Deciding to put his foot down, he grabbed Dean by the shoulder and halted him.  “Dean,” he sighed as Dean whirled around on him.  “He’s worried about
Dean shrugged.  “It’s a good movie.  Point is—this isn’t Jimmy.  It’s not his vessel, not his brain.  It’s you, Cas. Just you.” He put his hands on Castiel’s jaw, and Castiel shivered slightly when he felt Dean’s thumb stroke his skin.  “And, when I look at you, I just see you.”
He never found out because his phone in his hand vibrated with a text message.  He scrunched his brow together and said, “Hold on. Someone’s texting me.”
He looked at his reflection in the dark window outside the bar, and found his hair sticking up in all directions. Surreptitiously, he tried to smooth it down. It wasn’t working. As he was grooming, he convinced himself that he wasn’t trying to see beyond his reflection to the inside. And he certainly wasn’t attempting to check whether or not a certain employee was working that night.
Gabe snorted.  “You can say that again.”  He shrugged, his expression shifting into something more somber again.  “It’s tough on her—having to leave everything she knew, especially to be with a jackass like me.”
Some of the headstones looked older than others, their stone weathered but uncracked. Grass grew over the undisturbed earth. The newest looking headstone was toward the middle of the plot, the engraving of a cross still perfectly visible. Empty earth sat to the left of it. Dean guessed that’s where Charles Novak would go one day, next to his wife.
And then something hit him. Belatedly, Cas’ words—words from what felt like hours ago—processed in his mind.
She stammered out a few noises, and he couldn’t help but feel like he’d made the situation awkward. But then she said, “Well. You’re welcome here any time.”
“Good job being lookout,” Dean teased.  Maybe if this block weren’t so empty, he’d be more frustrated.  Or maybe not. There was a static hum running under his skin. It’d been like that since last night, and he never knew that insomnia could actually feel so thrilling.  There was a fidget in his fingers that came from excitement—the peculiar brand of jitters reserved for anticipation of a big trip.
She smiled again, and pressed her shoulder against the door like she was relieved. “Great. Tell you what, why don’t you swing by a little earlier tomorrow and we’ll go over the details?”
He turned his eyes on the crop itself, inspecting the flowers.  Something was wrong with them.  Black growths were sprouting, some small globs, others hanging from the stalks.  He brought his hand up to squeeze at one of the growths, finding it sticky and wet to the touch.  He frowned and rubbed his fingers together in an attempt to get rid of the sensation, but it remained, still tacky on his skin.
Dean hummed.  And Castiel hadn't realized he'd taken out his phone again until he began speaking into it.  "Yeah, Charlie, any chance you can hack onto an external hard drive?"
Not long after that, Cas instructed Kelly to start pushing.  Mary was still holding her hand and dabbing her brow.  Sam was on her other side, reminding her to breathe.  Dean did his best to stay out of the way.  He kept his arms at his sides, fists tightening each time Kelly’s wailing pierced through the house.  His heart was pounding in his ears, urging him to do something useful, but he didn’t know what.
For a moment, it looked like Dean hadn’t heard him, or he didn’t want to comply. But then his eyes fluttered open. They appeared out of focus at first, but then they latched onto Castiel’s holding his gaze. He’d never seen Dean so open and vulnerable before. Castiel almost wanted to thank Dean for trusting him.
“I’m good,” Dean repeated, and maybe it even sounded halfway convincing that time. Either way, Cas didn’t press the issue. He cut into his eggs with the side of his fork, the yellow yoke bursting and oozing out onto the plate.
He pushed his chair back to stand.  It caught Cas’ attention.  He looked up, eyes following Dean as he walked around the table to tower over him.
Castiel’s eyes went wide.  He needed to get Jack to safety but he couldn’t just abandon her.  “What about you?”
Dean’s eyes were scanning his face. It felt warmer than sunshine. More than anything, Castiel loved it when Dean looked at him like that. It made him feel real, solid—when, at all other times, he was transparent.
“The ointment,” Castiel reminded him.  He wrapped his lips around the tip of Dean’s cock.  Dean whined and pitched his hips slowly forward.  Castiel drew away quickly to stare up at him.  “
“Fuck, just do it, Cas.”  He put his leg around Cas again, and Cas reached behind him.  His fingers skated over Dean’s opening, and Dean buried his forehead into Cas’ chest just before he slipped a finger inside.
Dean grimaced, and there was a flash of memory then: his own hands tugging weeds out from under the base of a headstone. He shook it away. “You think that’s where Cas is buried?”
should be,” he said. “Honestly. Every time I see you, you’re gallivanting with Castiel instead of doing your job. He has the luxury of doing whatever he pleases all day. You don’t. I don’t pay you to waste time, understood?”
He’d gotten home to find Sam at the kitchen table, his laptop and a scattered batch of printed papers with weird symbols and highlighted blurbs, spread out in front of him. The kid had made it his job to figure out what the symbol on the back of Cas’ headstone meant, and it looked like he was working overtime.
“Because I’m all in,” Dean said, powering through, his voice thick.  He’d meant to balance out the embarrassment of his last blunder—to make it seem less needy, less emotional.  It kind of only made it worse.
Okay, so maybe joking was his other play.  The two went hand in hand.  Sometimes, it even managed to fix things.  Dad and Sam would realize what they were arguing about was dumb and drop it, and the cold shoulder they gave each other after only lasted a few hours.  But this looked like a full-blown fight, and Dean hated when they did that because the fallout was equivalent to a nuclear fucking winter and he was just too bone tired for that right now.
The radio next to her was softly playing Aerosmith, and it was still warm enough to keep the garage doors open.  But there wasn't much of a breeze, hence the rattling fan strung up to the car lift currently occupied by a garish colored 2010 Ford Fiesta.  Dean tried not to run his hands down his face.  Between the engine oil, the sweat of exertion, and the weather, he felt sticky.
Dean laughed. He put Castiel’s hand between both of his and rubbed quickly, trying to warm it up with friction. It was such a strange thing. No one had ever touched Castiel like that, no one had ever tried to bring warmth back to his body. He opened his eyes and turned his head to look at Dean.
The guy seemed a little frustrated, and he repeated himself.  Dean still didn’t know what he was saying. Behind him, Cas answered in French and waved the guy inside.  Which is probably what Dean should have done, because it’s not like he didn’t know why the guy was there.
“We could knock on the door?” Cas suggested.  “Perhaps, if she knew you grew up there, she’d let us see the inside.”
Cas knitted his brows together, but that was his problem because who on earth wouldn’t find the prospect of that whole speech appealing?  “Dean—.”
All week, Dean hadn’t texted him once, and Cas didn’t try to contact him, either.  With every day that went by, Dean’s anxiety over the matter increased until it was all he could think about.  What if Cas really didn’t want to see him anymore? What if he ruined their whole friendship because he couldn’t keep it in his pants?
But Dean Winchester wore a bronze cross around his neck, so maybe there were some things worth salvaging.  Maybe they’d be enough to rebuild.
Once, Dean told him that it sometimes felt like he was flying when he came. It had never been that way for Castiel. More than anything, he felt at one with his body, with the world, with Dean. His grace aligned perfectly with his skin, and it was only when he released it, did it explode outward again. But in the moments before that, he was flesh and bone and a beating heart. He was human. He was Dean’s.
But the fall?  At first, it had been thrilling.  And now, he’d been falling for so long, it made him calm.
"Yeah, why do you think I did it, sport?" Lucifer exclaimed, gesturing out his hands on top of the table as if he were opening up a world of knowledge.  "To tear it all down!  Expose Pop for the fraud he really is!"
Castiel frowned, still confused.  He went over his own words, wondering how Dean could construe them in such a way—as if he were somehow to blame.
They were only alone for about a minute before Cas stood up from the couch and said,  “Alright, I’ll be in touch.” Dean got up, too. Like always, his heart skipped a little at the finality in Cas’ tone, because that only meant he was leaving.  As much as Dean didn’t want to be around Cas, he also really wanted to stall him, to get him to stay a little longer, because every time Cas walked out the door these days Dean thought he’d never come back.
Castiel thinned his lips in a polite but self-conscious smile.  He felt as if he were intruding suddenly.
Mildred popped into Dean’s mind, but he guessed she wasn’t on any list anymore.  He doubted whatever new boss he was about to get would even make the top five. “It’s advertising, man.  Everyone’s a dick.” That wasn’t actually true. Most people were pretty cool. It was just management that sucked—the cold-hearted bastards.  Mildred was the only one who gave a damn.
Dean could feel his expression melting in a soft smile, and his eyes probably turned heart-shaped.  They felt like they had, anyway. He couldn’t shove it down, and he didn’t even try.
Cas let go of his hands and sat up straight on top of him.  He lifted his shirt off his head and tossed it away, and Dean wasn’t sure if he was allowed to touch or not.  He
“You know you’re cornered,” Meg taunted.  “Tell you what, you hand over the baby and I’ll kill you fast and painless.  Won’t even damage that handsome face of yours so the angels have something nice to look at.”
When they got back inside, Charlie was scrolling through Netflix on the TV. A few beers, a bag of popcorn, and the menu for the Chinese place were on the coffee table in front of her. She sat up straighter when they entered the living room, and for a second her and Cas just looked at each other.
Before he even decided to do it, he tossed his lunch in the trash and picked up his backpack.  He shut his computer down. He didn’t have a lot of time.
“Yeah, I can see that,” Dean said, waving his hand up and down Castiel’s person. “I’m still diggin’ the vest.”
Dean shrugged, at a loss. And then he remembered the desktop behind the desk in the reception area. He bet it was connected to the security cameras in the building. Maybe they could catch a peek at whoever was running around. “Let’s find out,” he said, but then hesitated.
Dean’s mind was buzzing with possibilities. Cas could come live with him and Sam. They could build a life together, for real this time.
Damn it, this was going to take all afternoon.  “Okay.” He guessed they were done, and even if they weren’t, he wanted to get out of there before Cas made another ridiculous addition to the request, like adding everyone’s birthdays and favorite colors.  He turned around, facing the door.
But at least this job would give him enough cash to take Cas out to a fancy restaurant for his birthday next week.
He didn’t know how long he’d been soaking. No one had come knocking on the door since he locked it behind him. It might have been hours. Dean lost track. He sunk deeper into the tepid water, pushing his ears under, his face. There was a silent rush filling his senses. He held his breath against it and closed his eyes. It didn’t relax him any.
Dean groaned and turned away. He plopped down on the piano bench, doubling over to rest his elbows on his knees. He scrubbed at his face. “Meaning, I suck.”
There was the telltale click of Cas’ office door opening, a sound that Dean was basically trained to react to at this point.  He glanced up, and got distracted by Cas and Jack walking out. Jack was balancing an opened laptop in his palms, and Cas had one hand clasped around the kid’s far shoulder.  “It’s good work. I’d like to discuss it further,” he heard Cas say, and Jack smiled proudly up at him.
However, Balthazar leaned in with a bright smile. “Yes. He did. Call it a disagreement between friends. I hardly remember what it was about anymore, do you, Cas?”
Dean’s head whipped around so quickly, it must have hurt his neck. His eyes were bulging, looking at Cas like he expected some kind of response. But Cas certainly wasn’t about to talk about this in a room of casual acquaintances, and he had a feeling Dean wasn’t too keen on speaking about it at all. So, he left the kitchen, still able to feel Dean’s eyes on his back. Thankfully, it didn’t last long; as soon as he cleared the doorway, he heard Dean say again, voice more somber than before, “Okay, what do I do?”
The door opened. They both jumped, Dean’s heart skipping so fast, it almost hurt. His head snapped toward the door, expecting a fight, expecting Jo to have back up.
In his focus, he didn’t hear Jack rushing up behind him. Jack jumped onto Castiel’s back, his arms going around his neck. It unbalanced Castiel, tipping his forward. He slammed his palms on the rocks to catch himself. Jack giggled wildly in his ear, his small legs hanging off Castiel’s back.
again. He didn’t think that was an outrageous request. But, in order to get that, somebody was going to have to blink first in this metaphorical staring contest.
I here?” he asked, trying not to let his annoyance show.  He thought he failed. It was harder than he’d anticipated, keeping his attitude out of his tone when asking such a question.  Perhaps he should have worded it differently.
Dean was already laughing, a light and thick, lyrical thing that made his shoulders rumble as his back was still pressed against Castiel’s chest. It was infectious, even though Dean was heavy and it had hurt when he landed on top of Castiel, but that was mostly forgotten now. “Get off me,” Castiel laughed back. He shoved Dean upward, and at the same time pressed his hips down on the mattress so he could slip out of Dean.
to push me away.” The job, Kelly and Jack, Cas’ refusal to let Dean help him in the slightest. Cas didn’t want his help. He didn’t want Dean. “Hell, maybe I should let him! Because it’s either that or tie him down—and I dunno what the better option is!”
His breath kept hitching as he tried to catch it, and Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas’ dry lips pulling in air.  When Cas’ breath evened out, Dean exhaled and rolled onto his back. “Fuck,” he hissed.
He sat up, groaning at the burning pain in his ass and the soreness in his abs before it dulled into something manageable.  He looked across the room, expecting to find Cas there.  He was alone.
Dean wanted to tell him he’d lost a whole lot more than that. Instead, he crossed his arms over his chest and squared his shoulders to show he meant business. “I’m thinking clear,” he assured.
“Hey,” Dean said, and realized he’d already said that.  His hand tightened around the strap of his bag. “I’m headed out.  Not feeling too hot.  You mind taking care of—of the big guy for the rest of the day?”
Within the throng, Cas spotted at least half a dozen of Lucifer’s puppets walking toward the Impala. Charlie Bradbury was among them.
slightly. This whole house was choked with memory – some unpleasant, yes, but most of them were good. Those hurt more than all the bad ones put together.
Meg's expression dropped, and she stood back up.  "Great."  Recovering, she slid into the booth next to Castiel, where Dean had been sitting.  "Thanks for the invite.  I needed to get the hell out of my house."
Castiel broke through the trees.  The farm seemed relatively vacant.  All he saw were two watchmen sitting around a campfire, the silver harmonica glinting as the man continued to play it.  A few yards behind them, the farmhouse stood as a mass of shadow.  There were candles lit from within, their lights flickering against the curtains.
Dean gave into the pressure curling in his gut.  He rolled his body into Cas.  Cas moaned.  He parted his legs, letting Dean slot their hips together.  Their bodies moved into each other.
The sun had already set by the time Dean got home that night, bringing with it a chill and the iron smell in the wind.  It wasn't even October yet, and despite the warmth of the day, winter was already making promises once the stars came out.
The rest of the week didn’t get much better, which was actually pretty annoying because GM had chosen France of all places for production and Dean had to book Cas’ travel.  The damn shoot was next week. Every time Dean asked for his input, Cas pretty adamantly insisted “I don’t care, please close the door on your way out.”
“It’s over, buddy, you can look up now,” he heard Dean say through clogged ears. Dean was looking in the Impala’s rear view mirror at Jack, who tentatively lifted himself back into a seated position.
Dean’s eyes were stinging.  Jack was getting heavier with every passing moment, his wiggles making him a little more difficult to hold—and Dean knew right then and there that the baby would grow up to be strong.  And he knew he would really like to see that.
No. Castiel’s aim was perfect. He turned to Alfie, holding out his hand. “Alfie, if I could see the target?”
The person behind Dean cleared her throat pointedly, and Dean was forced back into reality.  There was no turning back now. Literally. There was a line of people behind him, and it’d be too difficult to turn around and get off the bus without Cas noticing him.  He rallied himself, and made for the empty seat next to Cas. He didn’t let himself think about anything. Didn’t let himself try to renege on this. It was too important.
“It’s strange,” he heard himself contemplate aloud, “I think I knew him.” He shook his head, rattling the thought away. “It’s probably nothing.”
Cas had lied to them about Jack, and it got Mom killed. Just when things were getting good. Just when they were all together and a family. And, worse yet, instead of coming to Dean and Sam like he should have, Cas tried to get Chuck’s help—and look where that got them.
“You can call me Sonny,” the Brother said.  “You’ve come a far way.  If you’re not here to drop off the child, care to explain your reason for this visit?”
“Yeah—oh, yeah, totally,” Dean said a bit too quickly.  “Yeah, it’s not Stepfordy at all. Totally a normal thing to have.”  He shot Castiel a wink, and it only made him feel fractionally better.
His free hand was back on Dean’s ass, holding on tight and squeezing.  Dean fucked himself into Cas’ fist. He lost balance for a second, hands sliding down the desk.  The papers scattered and fluttered to the floor. A couple pens and a stapler clattered.
He opened his eyes, and the first thing he saw in his rearview was the silhouette of a woman with voluminous curly hair stepping out of the cop car.
He watched, wide-eyed, as Cas measured out the right amount.  “Hold her still.”  Dean did as he was told, grabbing Kelly’s free hand.  She immediately laced her fingers with his and squeezed so tightly, it hurt.  Cas found a vein in her arm and administered the drug, his voice a little less calm as he explained, “This’ll help with the pain.  It should start working in a minute’s time.  Tell me if it doesn’t.”
“Hey, Kelly,” Dean said, hoping he didn’t sound impatient. Behind him, Sam greeted her, too. “Is, uh… Is Cas here?” Like they both didn’t already know he’d seen Cas inside. “We need to talk to him for a sec.”
He watched Cas’ eyes go far away, his expression blanking, like he was mulling over the information and not quite believing it. And it pissed Dean off—because, seriously? Cas died thinking Dean just up and left him? Cas
He stood by the swings, squinting in the sunlight as he scanned the crowd for Dean.  All the faces were hazy, and he considered the fact that his eyesight was becoming worse with each passing day. Maybe he
He really wished he had one of his hands free.  He needed a sip of his drink.  The baby was too much of a burden in his arms.
Cas’ mouth fell open, and the lines of his face smoothed out, like he was ready to list off a slew of excuses.  “No, I—support groups aren’t—.”
Cas closed his eyes tight and focused on calming Jack, hoping he wasn’t a complete failure as a father.
“Hey,” he said when they got closer, pulling on his tie to loosen it against the temperature seeping in from the cracks in the door. “Find anything?”
Morning brought wisps of clouds and patchy blue sky. The sun glinted blindingly off the snow blanketing the lawn. The air was heavy with a crisp chill. Dean tried to take that as a good omen. He would have been worried if the day he left Cas had been bleak and biting.
“Yeah, this was fun,” Dean said.  “We all try to get together a couple times a month.  It’s nice—ya know. Having people who . . .” Maybe he was laying it on too thick.  He didn’t want Cas to spiral again now that he was feeling better. Weakly, he continued, “Who get it.”
“What would you like us to do?” Balthazar asked him. “We could get the answers out of them in one way or another.”
Cas leaned in closer to look over his soldier, and Dean felt him go tense against his back.  "That's the compartment we put the body in," he whispered.
His gut was still swimming.  It was now or never.  Slowly, he picked himself up by his arms, the sheets rustling beneath him.  He looked over at Dean in the darkness, at the outline of the sleeping form beside him.  Castiel carefully and quickly swung his legs over to the side of the bed and picked himself up.
Thankfully, the conveyor belt had nudged up just enough for there to be a space between the woman’s groceries and their own.  Castiel forced himself to remain occupied by unloading the basket. He told himself not to think of Dean’s strong arms around him, or how their bodies had been pressed together just moments ago.  He tried not to think of it, but that only made him think about it more. By the time they got to the car, he was a little hotter than he had been before, and he had to shift uncomfortably in his seat.
For a long time, Dean just listened to the steady sound of Cas’ breathing, Cas’ heartbeat. Cas was completely still beneath him, his arm curled around Dean’s back and resting on his hip like he wanted to get as far away from Dean’s shoulder as he could without making it obvious.
Castiel didn’t want to lie to her. He looked off at the meadow, sighing through his nose. “I don’t know yet.”
In truth, Castiel hadn’t thought much of Sam and Dean’s father.  As far as he knew, he wasn’t in the apartment, and he’d never heard Dean speak of him.  But now, he was curious. Perhaps he was still in the military. “Where is he?”
Dean shook his head, ready to spring into action.  “Okay, fine.  We get her back to Kansas City and to a hospital.”
"Well," he said, leaning forward again.  Dramatically, he threw a glance at the security guards and then spoke out of the corner of his mouth in a stage whisper.  "Between you and me—I couldda ended up like those poor saps I'd been feeding information to over the years.  Well, the ones who got too close, anyway.  Once Evangelist caught wind of them—
Dean pulled a frown, not understanding. “So? Maybe you didn’t get married. You were too busy chasing tail on the Cali beaches.”
He turned his eyes back to the water.  It was unmoving, a deep pit of blackness.  He couldn’t see beneath the surface, and nothing rose out from it.  The moon twinkled against it like a mirror.
With that thought in mind, Dean dragged his hand down Cas’ torso, reveling in the dips and grooves of his muscles, until it was cupped over the front of Cas’ boxers.  He rubbed Cas’ erection back and forth, aware of the wet spot on the fabric. He was more focused on the small grunts Cas was forcing down his throat.
Soon, Cas was nothing but a shadow darting across the hill.  Dean could barely see him—and then he disappeared into the trees.  Everything went still.
A little rush went through him with the thought that he might have actually pulled that one off aloud.  It was kind of nice not having to introduce Cas as his boss. Maybe, for a little while, he could pretend.
Eileen hid her laugh behind her dinner roll as she chewed, and Sam tried to do the same thing with his wine glass.
“Get your head on straight today,” he suggested, a gentle but firm hand patting Dean’s shoulder in warm assurance.  “Figure out the rest tomorrow.”
Cas almost smiled.  His fingers flexed at his sides.  He looked off for a second, swallowed, and then turned back to Dean.  “I wasn’t jealous,” he maintained, a certain litany back in his voice.  The swelling in Dean’s gut settled. Maybe Cas wasn’t pissed at him, after all.
He heard Dean’s breath catch, and felt him go rigid.  Castiel’s eyes flew open, and he immediately got a sinking feeling that he’d said something wrong.
And, suddenly, a single word popped into Dean’s head out of absolutely nowhere. It brought with it the imagery of sunlit hair. He leaned back, blinking up at Cas.
?” Dean picked himself off the stove suddenly, something like repulsion on his face. “You just let strangers in here? Sam, this is our home!”
"These things inspire loyalty," Michael said.  And then, "And because . . . he loved you best, Castiel."  There was something else in his voice now—some somber acceptance.  Castiel never would have expected Michael to be jealous of him.
“There’s one for the collective, like Sam said,” Dorothy went on, “but there’s also one for each individual soul. We need to access yours.”
“I was driving through the area,” Cas said over him, without preamble.  He seemed a little jittery, or as jittery as someone like Cas could be. Dean was only going off of how quickly his words tumbled out of his mouth.  He was probably still over-caffeinated from studying. “Meg lives on the other side of town and after I dropped her off, I thought I’d stop in and say hello.  I—It was a mistake. You’re probably busy. I shouldn’t drop in uninvited.”
Claire snorted derisively. “Yeah, what d’you expect? It’s not like I can cast spells. I’m working with what I’ve got.”
Castiel didn’t understand. He blinked around, the air coming out of his lips in broken gasps, and he didn’t know if that was from the running or from realization.
They rolled into each other languidly, letting their bodies awaken to each other.  The room was growing hot, and Castiel felt sweat prickling on his lower back, in the crook of his elbow, on his collar.  Dean’s stomach was sticky, like honey, where they came together, and his mouth tasted just as sweet.  His arms were wrapped around Castiel’s body, his fingers digging into Castiel’s ribs, touch indelible.
Michael shook his head thoughtfully.  “It’s a small price to pay. Think of all the good we’ve done.”  Was that really his justification? When so many people had died?  “Our father’s vision—.”
They hadn’t even known each other for a year, and already Castiel wasn’t certain there had ever been a time before he knew Dean Winchester.
Dean gaped. He hadn’t expected a Novak to remember his name. Weren’t they too busy thinking of new ways to monopolize the town?
Castiel looked down, numbness curling in his belly.  He slipped his blade back into his boot and sat.
left. So many years left to live. But what was there left to do? Where was there left to go? He used to think he wouldn’t out-live his days of witch hunting, but he had. He thought he’d die in battle, but he hadn’t.
Castiel landed among the soft, ethereal white light of one of heaven’s expansive corridors. A row of doors as far as the eye could see stretched out before him. One by one, the shiny plaques on each door were vanishing, the doors along with them. One day, billions of years from now, only one would be left, and it would lead to all of heaven. Corridors such as these were shrinking and disappearing.
The man seemed equally as spooked. His eyes were wide, mouth open, as he stared at Dean. He was dressed in a suit and a long overcoat, neither of which looked at all modern. And it took Dean a second to realize he was looking at the same man from the photograph in the hallway. The next thing Dean realized, with horror, was that the beam of his flashlight was going right through the man and hitting the wall behind him. He didn’t even have a shadow.
After settling the plan, there wasn’t much else to do. Claire slipped away to her room while Dean and Cas doled out spare beds to their extra guests. As he was handing sheets over to Jody, he overheard Charlie ask Dean pointedly,” Where’s Cas sleeping?” but he didn’t stick around to hear the response. He wanted to check on Claire, anway.
He shot the outlaw in the temple, because it would kill him the fastest and most effectively.  The bullet went clean through to the other side of his head and lodged itself into the wall.  A spray of blood and gray matter followed.  The man’s body fell as if someone had cut his strings.
He killed the engine and got out, coming to a rest next to Cas on the sidewalk. They both stared at the house until Sam walked around the Impala and joined them.
Cas hasn’t known that. He wondered if, had he known, it would have made a difference – or if it would have just made him angrier. “Then… why didn’t you?”
,” he acquiesced. Then, he waved it away. “At any rate, we’re running out of time. Castiel is getting older.”
Jo crossed her arms tightly and stomped toward him, and she probably thought she looked intimidating. He had at least two feet on her. She mostly looked hilarious, but Dean could see how someone else might feel threatened.
“They’re coming,” Dean told him frankly.  “Only a matter of when.  And I’m not asking you to put your life on the line—or those kids’ lives.  Let us handle this.”
And then Cas refocused. He lifted one hand off Dean’s hip and wrapped it around the base of his dick, and Dean practically jumped with how good it felt. He’d been aching for Cas to touch him and finally—
“Sam told me you might be here,” Cas supplied, still standing outside the unit.  “He gave me the address.”
“Dean! Calm down!” Sam bellowed, grabbing Dean’s arm and trying to force it down. Dean fought against it, keeping his gun lifted.
However, it seemed he wasn’t the only one who built his schedule to avoid the rush; because there was Meg Masters, exiting the doors of the gym. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and she wore tight-fitting leggings and a tank top. Her face was flush with exertion and she had wireless headphones in. She looked distractedly down at her phone as she pushed the door open with her shoulder.
"Castiel, I'm going to sing!" he declared excitedly as Claire rushed towards them.  She was tugging Kaia by the wrist behind her.
Once, Dean thought he heard someone rustling around in that room, but it turned out a bird had gotten inside the open window while they were airing the place out. He categorically denied the way his heart had sunk in disappointment. Since then, he’d resolved to ignore the room altogether.
“Cas!” Dean called. His heart was slamming against his chest. It tried to dislodge from his body and go after Cas. But his feet were glued to the floor.
Castiel was surprised to hear that, mostly because he did the same. He thought Mary had been trying to avoid anything that reminded her of Dean, but he supposed she’d been grieving in ways he didn’t see.
Sam and Dean were fully in the room now.  Sam was covering behind a wooden beam, which kept splintering as bullets flung into it.  Dean was crouching behind the far end of the bar.
Cas came soon after, body locking up and mouth falling open and eyes fixing on Dean. He looked like a damn god. A Greek fucking God come down from Mt. Olympus to fuck Dean better than he’d ever been fucked before.
Dean’s apartment was on the third floor, and it wasn’t much to balk at. There was a living room with an old leather couch, a coffee table where he ate most his meals, and a TV. A small kitchen was practically in the same room, and then there were three doors—his room, Benny’s, and the bathroom. He flicked on the light, and said, “Make yourself at home,” before heading to the fridge.
As he drew closer to the back of the house, the whispers began to rattle in.  At first, they were low hisses in the dark, and they might have been the rain and the wind.  But then the sound of the rain slowed to a distant patter, and the voices grew. Castiel heard his name murmured in them, beckoning him on in the familiar vibrations and rhythm of Dean’s voice.
“Great!” Chuck exclaimed. “I’m sure our guests would love to hear you recite one of the poems before dessert.” A few of the women around the table voiced their agreement, and Dean had to admit, he’d kind of like to hear that himself. He didn’t even know Cas was interested in poetry—not that Dean was. But he was also just the guy who served the wine.
“But,” the pastor said, recapturing Dean’s interest, “the chapel has always kept records of those married or laid to rest here. I’m not sure you’ll find exactly what you’re looking for, but if there’s anything here, it could point you in the right direction.”
“My name’s Sam,” Sam called back, placing a hand on his chest to indicate himself.  “We have an injured man.  We need help.  Please, we have nowhere else to go.”
“But you can’t keep going like this,” Sam said, and at least he was right about that. “Obviously, Cas never got your message. I’m not saying find someone to blame. I’m just saying… If you don’t know what happened, you’re never gonna be able to fully move on.”
Dean quickly sniffed away his tears, hoping he could play it off as surprise. He and Cas both looked at the door, where Sam was standing. Sam glanced between them, obviously knowing he was interrupting. He said gently, “We’re ready.” He looked like he was about to march prisoners to the gallows. It didn’t exactly inspire confidence, but that was alright. The sight of him reminded Dean to be brave.
Castiel didn’t know what he’d said wrong.  He wanted to reach out over the cushion and place his hand on top of Dean’s, if only to comfort the sudden mournful look on his face.  He kept his hands to himself, and instead prompted, “Dean?”
Castiel let the gravity of that settle into his bones.  It didn't make sense.  All the ones he loved were gone: his father, his mother, Anna and Gabriel.  Dean.  None of them wanted anything to do with him anymore.
Dean’s voice was bright and sunny, just like the heat beating down on them from above.  It was forced cheer, and Sam preferred it no more than Cas’ continued sullen silence.
He tried lifting his foot to take a step, but he couldn’t.  It was stuck to the floor, braced there, paralyzed. He looked down and urged himself forward again.  His knees didn’t even bend.
He made excuses, telling himself he’d rather get it over with than stay late on a Monday, when he was still recovering from the weekend.
Sam let out a little huff, like he did when he had a eureka moment.  "I think I know what we're up against," he said.  Dean forced himself to pay attention.  He lifted the phone from his ear and put it on speaker so Cas could listen, too.
He extracted himself from Dean halfway to reach behind him, fumbling blindly for his phone.  When his hand connected with it, he brought it up and winced at the screen’s brightness. He didn’t even register who was calling before answering it and screwing his eyes closed again to sooth the weak stinging.
“Do you?” Castiel worried.  The last thing he wanted was Dean to be unhappy, to let that fester and grow into resentment as the years wore on.  He feared Dean was only telling him what Castiel wanted to hear, and that he wasn’t okay with his own proposal.
Dean’s jaw worked, but try as he might, he couldn’t get any coherent words to tumble out of his mouth. He settled on, “Huh?”
about this, Dean?” Sam asked. Dean had been waiting for that question to rear its head again. Sam lasted longer than he thought he would.
That was a good thing. He didn’t want to suffocate Dean, or to make Dean realize he was more trouble than he was worth and leave again. Or, Castiel supposed, he was the one who would have to leave, considering the townhouse was Dean’s home. But Castiel didn’t have to think about that. Because he had a job now. He was starting a life of his own.
Sam took in a sharp breath. His eyes were on Jack, and his forehead was wrinkled. He appeared nervous. He never breathed out.
Jo leaned back against the wood and cocked her gun.  Castiel looked back out, his eyes falling on the church.  It appeared silent inside, but he knew Sam and Dean had already seen the approaching riders.
head over heels, he guessed. But he never thought he’d have to go through this again, the whole coming out thing. It took a year before he actually told anyone upstairs—even Charlie;
Sam’s heart jumped.  She probably now assumed he was a married man.  “No!  Uh—no.  He—he’s not mine.”
Again, Cas didn’t seem to understand what he was talking about.  His eyes narrowed to slits. “I just did.”
He was kidding, right?  Dean booked his travel, after all.  “You get on a plane, don’t you?” Cas didn’t know how lucky he was to get paid to travel.
personal.  Most of the time, he felt like he was the department therapist.)  He was comfortable enough not to care about embarrassing himself in front of them.
It was enough to make Sam’s head turn quickly towards him, eyes wide and searching. “He—What happened?”
Dean pinched his brow, not really knowing why his insides numbed under Cas’ stare. “Everything okay?”
, Dean instantly thought, because thinking about trusting a mystic and actually doing it were two totally different things. But he knew he had no choice. He tried to remember that, even back when the Men of Letters were around, not all witches were evil. Most of them were happy to fall in line and be left alone.
Kelly came over to the table, another plate in hand. “That’s nice of them. They seem like good people. I don’t know them well—just a hello at the mailbox here and there. And Dean’s helped me carry in the groceries when this one was being a handful.” She shot Jack a teasing look while she sat down.
Crowley told him in that raspy British accent.  “For you? It’s a terrible time. I told you to come last night.”
.  That was the first time he said that out loud.  He was pretty sure it was the first time he even thought the word—ever.  But it came out of him easily, naturally.  And, yeah, love.
Cas hummed in the affirmative. “Yes, it was. But I knew.” And then, in a whisper, “I’ll always know—” He cut himself off quickly, looking down at his lap. Dean’s heart was hammering. His lips burned with the want to kiss Cas.
He nodded, and tugged at his backpack strap awkwardly.  He’d never been very good at goodbyes. It wasn’t like he hadn’t had enough of them in his life—exactly the opposite, actually.  He just never knew how to handle them. “Yeah.” He forced a smile of his own, and joked, “Now, you sure you’re not too young to retire?”
Cas stepped into the kitchen after her, and she gave a general, buoyant hello to the group as a whole before directing her attention to Jack. She gave an exaggerated gasp and bent over to be eye level with him. “Ach! Darling boy, the last time your Auntie Rowena saw you, you were just a wee thing. Look at how you’ve grown!” She pinched Jack’s teeth with two red-painted nails, and he seemed more amused than overwhelmed.
“There’s some over here, I think,” Jack told him thoughtfully when they were up against the water, where a cropping of pebbled and stones had been washed up onto the grass by the rain. Jack kicked a few around, searching for a good one. Castiel crouched down, too, collecting a few in his palm for inspection—some were smooth; others with rounded edges.
Dean's back was to the entrance, and he was holding up a golden-brown folded tortilla shell over the pan of bubbling, hissing oil to shake off the excess.  When it was drained, he set it with the others on the paper towels laid out on the counter.  He put an uncooked shell into the oil, causing it to bubble and spit.  He was humming something that sounded familiar as he worked.
The floorboard under his foot creaked.  He froze, heart seizing.  Dean remained asleep.  Castiel cast his gaze heaven-bound and sent up a silent prayer of thanks to the Almighty.
What if Dean had stayed with Cas? What if he hadn’t left? What if they’d run away like they were supposed to?
Dean leaned in to get a better look.  Jack’s eyes were closed, his head resting against Cas’ chest.  Dean couldn’t help the sideways smirk that quirked his lips at the sight.  When he glanced up, there was a line between Cas’ scrunched brows.
First, his thoughts turned to the cash buried in his drawer in his bedroom.  There were still a couple hundred bucks left over from what he’d forked over to Gordon.  Giving up that much money had been tough, and he’d had half a mind to keep it, but that would only cause him more problems.  Besides, sticking it to Gordon was worth five-large. The look on his face had been priceless.
another long-ass chapter, because i am nothing if not a ho who can't be concise. (my mom's from the south, and i've inherited the "why use 1 word when 40 will do" mentality.)
It was even better when Dean got him out of his shirt and pants, and they were both stripped down to their boxers.  His tongue lapped up the beads of sweat on Castiel’s shoulders and his teeth grazed his chest. Dean breathed against Castiel’s neck, his nose nuzzled against his jaw.  Every inch of Dean’s bare body against his made Castiel almost incoherent—and he wanted more. Needed more.
Castiel pulled off of him and sat back on his ankles.  He blinked away the dizziness.  He felt as if he were both floating and stuck to the earth—or perhaps he was caught somewhere in the middle.  He was hyper-aware of his own body, but his mind was focused far too much on Dean’s.
memories. I can’t tell which is which half the time. I’ll remember something about Mom, thinking it’s from back then, except I’m sitting in front of
She tried to rip her arms away from the two men.  They only doubled their grip.  She had to get to Lucifer.  She had to explain.  He’d understand.
Castiel sighed. He supposed there was no harm in telling him now. By the time Sam got there, all of this would likely be over. “Pontiac, Illinois.”
Dean opened his bedroom door, two steaming cups of coffee in one hand, hooked precariously around his knuckles. He nearly spilled them both when Cas woke up with a start, practically gasping awake. Alert blue eyes swept to Dean.
He pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache coming on.  His head was swimming a little from the alcohol, and his skin was a little numb; but this conversation was sobering him right up.  “Okay. Hearing a lot of cons, and not a lot of pros here.”
Jack kept on, but the cries slowly began to diminish.  Dean kept rocking him.  Eventually, the wailing stopped, and Jack shifted around in his hold while making grunting and gurgling sounds.  Dean breathed out, only halfway letting down his guard just in case the crying started up again.
There was a quiet moment, and then Sam gestured forward with his palm upturned and said, “Hey, if you’re not doing anything tomorrow, you should come by.”
They worked into a rhythm, still slow but more even and less deliberate.  Dean pulled Castiel’s hand down to wrap around his dick, and they worked together to jack him off.  Dean’s body moved back and forth between their hands and Castiel’s dick. He squeezed his muscles around Castiel, and Castiel had to latch his teeth onto Dean’s shoulder again to keep from crying out.  In front of him, the near constant sounds Dean was making were almost enough to send Castiel over the edge.
After they brought the bags to the kitchen and heaved them onto the counter, Dean opened the fridge to begin storing ingredients until he needed them when he suddenly froze.  "Who the hell brought this?" he asked.  When he stood back up, he had the pie in his hands, and was staring down at it like he didn't know what it was.  Castiel couldn't determine if he was angry or not.  Perhaps bringing it had been a bad idea.
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes, mostly because there was moisture building in them and he had to push it back down—but also,
They both blinked at him, expressions blank, like none of it really mattered.  For a split second, it made his gut clench with embarrassment, but then he remembered he really couldn't care less.
“I know.”  He sounded a little better that time.  He dropped Dean’s wrist and reached up, settling his hands around the scruff of Dean’s neck.  Dean moved in closer to make him more comfortable. “I’m fine. I think I’m fine.” Dean let himself be pulled into a kiss.  It was a quick kiss, followed by another one. Cas left a trail of butterfly kisses on Dean’s mouth, cheeks, and nose. He let out a small grunting sound.
The only thing Castiel knew for certain was that he needed to get Jack back.  He didn’t know where or how, or what he’d do without a weapon when he found the men who took him.  But he needed to find Jack.  He’d find the child even if it killed him.  It was the only reason he was still standing.
In a moment of weakness, Castiel realized he’d backed up a little, his spine hitting the sinks.  It was too late, but he urged himself to stay firm. “Dean Winchester is my friend.”
Cas’ eyes went wide, like he just realized how a normal person might misconstrue those words.  “No, I—I—.” Dean was really fucking glad Alicia was in a meeting, because she’d be all over this if she could witness it.  “I’d like your help learning more about my colleagues,” Cas finally managed to get out, and Dean didn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed.  “I know I’ll get to know them as I continue working here, but I’d like—You seem to have knowledge which could be valuable. And I—.”
Those were the loudest.  They flooded Castiel’s mind and threatened to drag him down into the pit with them.
He stepped out of the back door, letting the screen rattle shut behind him. The night was somehow warmer than it had been minutes ago, but only slightly. Castiel lingered momentarily, fisting his hands at his sides, knowing he should have put on his coat before coming out. Dean wasn’t wearing a jacket, either. He was leaning against the hood of the Impala, arms crossed tightly and head bowed.
A dizzying thrill went through Dean at the sight of them.  He felt a little silly for not seeing that coming.  Charlie loved almost everyone.  But she could also be pretty loud and affectionate, which wasn’t Cas’ style.  With any luck, he could overcome that.
This guy was full of it.  If he was going to be a con man, he should at least do his research.  "Gordon runs the games."
The world spun a little from the alcohol as Dean got to his feet, and a flare of pain that settled into a constant itch shot through his healing leg, but he quickly got a hold of himself and walked out of the kitchen.  "'Bout time," he said, his voice sounding gruff even to him.  It’d been doing that since the fire.  "You shouldda called if you knew you were gonna be late, Sam. There’s a damn hit out on me. Maybe you, too.”
True to his word, Reidy hadn’t budged an inch all night.  He didn’t sit still, either.  He kept pacing around the desk, hands on his waist and close to his gun belt, presumably to keep from falling asleep.  About an hour ago, another young deputy had come in to give Reidy a cup of coffee.  He sipped on it now, the keys of the cell still dangling at his side.
With another, albeit shaky smile, she put her shawl back around her shoulders and told him, “I expect I’ll see you soon.”
Dean paused. Cas had said his name so urgently, and stopped so abruptly, like he’d changed his mind while in mid-syllable. Dean looked over his shoulder, waiting, heart speeding up a little in anticipation.
He didn’t want to talk about this.  He didn’t want to think about it. It was a problem for another day, and he’d gladly put it off.  All he wanted to do now was go to Dean, to kiss him until he could pretend everything was fine.
Once he beat back the guilt of keeping a secret from Cas, he actually felt a little more at ease.  Cas was still smiling at him, and he seemed like he was in a pretty decent mood. It helped Dean’s mood improve, too.
