believed growing up.”
Sherlock raised a brow. Clearly the thanks were for more than the tea. He dropped a quick kiss on John’s mouth and threw the covers back. He dragged a dressing gown over his shoulders and reached for a second to throw in John’s direction.
Sherlock hummed.
“Oh, no. Don’t worry,” Margaret assured him. “Nothing like that. They’re here to measure up for the new nursing suite Mycroft has decided Greg must have. Mycroft will bring everyone to stay with us for a week or so while they do they work—in a few days.”
William’s brow furrowed once more, and he looked as though he might say something. He changed his mind, though, nodding noncommittally and opening the door.
“I know. I love my boys and I love being their dad. We’ll figure this out.”
“Ah, Sherlock, John. I see you’re running on time. That’s good, isn’t it?”
John snorted, looking down to where Sherlock was struggling to disentangle himself from the gurney’s restraints and blankets.
Mary’s face fell ever so slightly. “I-I always hoped to have children myself one day. Give up surrogacy and settle down. I still haven’t found the right person, I guess.”
“Yes!” Kit shouted.
“Or?” Sherlock asked pointedly, his foot moving under the table to rub over John’s calf.
Cold shivers of recognition slid down his spine.
John rained kisses over the reddened surface of Sherlock’s abused bottom. He licked and sucked at the firm mounds. “So beautiful. All mine. Marked for me. My good boy.” He rambled as he pushed at Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
“S-sorry?” John turned, very nearly fumbling the needle in his hand.
“We don’t have to stay,” John offered. “We just wanted to come by to welcome Emmeline home and see if you needed anything.”
“Well, I don’t know what’s happened between you, but as someone who’s been in the wars let me just say this: Fight hard.”
“Oh, fuck, yes…”
Sherlock shifted away again and bent to reach for his trousers. “I will be arriving back in London in two weeks time—the 8:30 a.m. BA arrival from JFK.”
Sherlock stared at his new flatmate. New—well, he wasn’t sure exactly what to call him. Bedmate would do, for now, probably.
“It means,” John began, closing in again to flatten his palms over his alpha’s chest. “You don’t let any of that deter you from being with me, so why would I care? I mean, I’d rather your clients weren’t offended—they do help to pay the bills. And having the coppers on side more often than not just seems practical. But the thing is, I like you. Just as you are.”
John recovered first. “Yes, sweetheart?”
“I can’t.” John straightened the collar of his plaid shirt and watched Sherlock tugging on his suit jacket. “I can’t look her in the eye and pretend…I can’t, Sherlock. There has to be another way.”
"Just…here. Do you feel it? It’s a heartbeat. My heartbeat. Ga-gung. Ga-gung. Ga-gung."
John kissed him again, startled when Sherlock suddenly drew back.
“Or by–”
His bottom, still wedged into John’s groin, was stinging from his “discipline.” He also felt the beginnings of a dull ache within — no doubt from his first time being thoroughly rogered. The bed was wet and sticky beneath him and John had become unaccountably heavy against his back.
“Making apology phone calls to the other parents.”
“CHRIST!”
Lady Smallwood again.
“I’m fine, thanks, Margaret,” Greg chuckled. “I’m still pretty sore.”
John squared his shoulders. “And what is that supposed to mean?”
“As a real case, John!” Sherlock cried, jumping to his feet. “How long has it been since we were out there, on the streets? One month? Two?”
John grinned at him. “Little more than warm right now, my love.” He tugged at his belt. “Help me?”
John hesitated as they reached the main road. If they turned left, they would walk the three blocks to the home John had shared with Mary and now shared with his daughter. If they turned right, they could return to the train station.
“Of course. I’m sorry.” John retrieved a syringe and an ampoule of morphine from the tray near the bed. He brushed the thin blanket draped over the dampened bandages they’d applied to the man’s burns and located a vein. “I should have offered sooner.”
“Sh-should we…should we…” Sherlock panted into John’s ear.
John watched him for a moment. “Until now?”
John was moaning; Sherlock opened one eye to see his mate’s release all over his belly.
He stomped to the table—or at least waddled as angrily as he was able—and came to a stop between his rival and his mate.
“Possibly.”
“Coming, my love!” John called back, twiddling the cane in his hand as he climbed the stairs.
“Don’t ask what? You don’t know what I was planning to ask.”
“We-we talked about…this.”
“Sherlock?”
They were lying in bed together—John in an oversized nightshirt and Sherlock only in his pyjama bottoms—having put the boys to bed early. John was reading a recent medical journal and Sherlock was visiting his Mind Palace. Though apparently he’d returned.
“Molly.”
“No, but I’ve seen this before,” she said, pulling herself to her feet. “Air support is ready to land. I’ve called for a stretcher.”
John took a deep breath.
“I could bring one size down, just to try. If that would help?” Their young male omega clerk—Jeremy—had returned, looking eager to please.
"I am yours to be used."
My head was turned away from him but both my hands still held tightly to the sides of his shoulder. My breathing became hard to control and it took every ounce of energy to continue my lecture with the voice of a broken hearted man.
Yet, I was in no mood to fall into any of his orbits that night no matter how perfectly he played Brahms or how flawlessly he performed Paganini's violin solo in E major. It was ten minutes before two in the morning and there was not a person in their right mind would want to listen to a one man opera in the dead of the night.
"No. No coffee today. Will you-"
"Will you forgive me for being such a dramatic man?"
"They end up the same as they always do. We forgive and forget. When I was in a bad mood after a verbal quarrel regarding his muddy boots on the carpet, he would do all these nice things. He cleaned up after a meal, did his own laundry, took the kids out for a stroll so that I may find time for myself. All those 'little details' as Mr. Holmes would say."
"Whatever shall I do, Mrs. Hudson?" I said over her small white clothed breakfast table. The coffee was too hot and the omelette did not arouse my appetite.
"Now, put on those damned socks and come join me for breakfast."
"I beg your pardon?" Holmes froze and stared at me with a look that was both a mixture of confusion and horror. I could already see the cogs behind his eyes turn and clang to my previous statement.
Thus, our nerve wracked client was now safe and sound from his impending assassination by flying daggers from a crippled brute. But, that was another story for another time. All Holmes and myself could think of at that moment was sleep. Two whole days without slumber was nothing when it came to the detective but for me, it was misery by itself.
"Watson," whispered Holmes as I felt a pair of strong arms wrapped around my waist and the familiar heat of Holmes's body against my aching back.
He laid his cold lips upon my own and I found myself enjoying the warmth of his mouth. He snuggled on top of me, shifting himself against my own chest as his head finally rested under my chin as he breathed in the scent of myself. I rubbed and soothed his back, feeling his chest moving to the rhythm of his breathing. He was finally warm beneath me as he sighed to the pleasure of this peaceful moment. After a while, I looked down to see him sleeping soundly. Seeing Holmes finally at ease will never cease to bring utter joy in my heart. I closed my own eyes and soon, I fell asleep.
"I know you are worried, Watson." Said my companion as he tossed a letter onto the floor, adding more to the pile of telegrams and letters we have received this morning.
"In the end, Watson. It was a trifling case and I somewhat regret that I took up upon it. I should have handed this one to Lestrade rather than spending nearly five hours a day as a beggar so that I may have the facts of my suspected victim. It was simply not worth it." He huffed at that last sentence as if he was disappointed of his fine work.
"Will you stay off the racing tracks as well?" His eyes softened at my pleas and he uncrossed his arms.
"My dear Holmes, I only wish to publish the tales of these stories not because I simply want more subscriptions for The Strand but rather I wish to share the wonders and adventures you have bravely faced! Imagine it, my dear," I got onto my feet with relentless energy then placing my right foot onto the footstool with my hands on my hips as if I were the first man to set foot on the moon.
It was by far the most awkward position that I have ever found myself in. The situation became increasingly difficult to explain when our long suffering landlady popped into our rooms to deliver lunch.
"Easy now. Let's get you near the fire." I said.
The silence stretched for far too long, even for the likes of me who enjoy quiet mornings at the breakfast table with my morning paper. I touched his knee and gave a reassuring smile to break him from his train of thoughts. "You've not hurt me, old friend. Please don't dwell on that matter."
Sherlock Holmes smiled bitterly, his eyes were now fixed on me but I could tell he was still bothered by something. "Holmes." I said his name in a somewhat melancholic fashion that it even surprised myself rather than him.
I was already dressed for today's joyful Christmas morning and was about to fetch my walking stick that I have left in Holmes's bedroom when, to my disappointment, I saw my friend snoring away under the quilts with a face so innocent that I could have mistaken him for a sleeping child. I shook my head because I simply did not have time for sympathy. I forcefully ripped the blankets from his thin figure, revealing underneath my curled up Holmes, groaning aloud due to my rude awakening.
"Why is it then you enjoy my company?! You would let me join you in your blood pumping adventures when no one else would do you justice. You would invite me for a pleasant meal down at our favourite restaurants and you would talk for hours with me about the criminals we have seized with their elaborate schemes and blinds. You would talk, so happily about your new Stradivarius that you have purchased and the many concerts and operas we have watched in our leisure hours. Why then.."
And yet, there came a time when I have blundered terribly and Holmes, in a horrendously bad mood, practically exploded from within and the hot melted lava came forth in bursts of insults, nagging and, dare I say, swearing. My fellow readers might ask; what happened that could result in such a scene?
He's right. If I chased him around the room so that he may stop inflicting this ridiculous pain upon me, it would not come to a pretty conclusion. I needed a different approach. A new tactic, as they say. Something that will touch the very sweet spots of his cold heart that I have grown to love.
Holmes did not respond.
His lips were thin and warm and the lingering scent of his favourite cigars was ever so familiar to me.
"Might I point out that ever since we started making love in my room, my personal belongings have slowly been missing. For example, one of my false moustache in which I use for my disguises." I turned around to face him directly with my unbearable urge to grip him by the shoulders and fling him across the room.
This should be wonderfully entertaining!
"You are always staying up late. Well, its not unusual, really. But I cannot deny that my bed has been dreadfully cold without you to warm it up. Oh, how I miss these lovely hands of yours," I traced the shapes of his hands and gently grabbed both the violin and bow from his loosening grip and thus, placing it on his armchair.
"Well, have you made inquires about it to Mrs. Hudson?" I felt awfully too grumpy to put up with his case of the detective's missing clothes for I have just woken up on his bed after a wonderful night of him sodding me through his mattress.
The air around us was uneasy and rather tense as the silence in the room stretched out more than it should have. I realised I have jumped to an awful assumption and quickly tried to ease the situation that fell upon me.
I scoffed playfully at him. "You never really know my limits, my dear Holmes."
, Watson. She's a monster. A vile creature." He hissed as his hands rested on my shoulders like I was some sort of shield.
I brought my forehead to his and closed my eyes to savour in this closeness of each other.
For me, I did not enjoy wearing them but for one particular person, it leaves him blushing like a schoolgirl!
You could have told me and save the trouble.
"Yes, yes, yes. I'm quite a busy man, Mr. Fowler. Might you state your business here? Then again, you don't quite look like a client of ours."
I swung open the door and it banged against the wall with a loud thump which led Holmes to jump in surprise from my sudden intrusion.
"I've endured believing you were dead for three years and regardless, I still accepted your apology so of course, my love, you are forgiven."
“Oh, god, John,” Sherlock rasped. He slid forward in his seat to reach for John’s hand. “It was always for you. Everything.”
"Mmmm. That’s more like it."
Sherlock nodded vigorously, not trusting himself to speak. He was shaking at the touch of John’s hands and he wasn’t sure he could string words together.
Sherlock stroked firmly over John’s balls and nuzzled at his cheek. “You are radiant.”
Sherlock captured John’s mouth with a whimper. He kissed him until they were both breathless. “Yes, yes, yes. I would do anything to make you happy. And this…oh, John. I’ll be here. I’ll do everything.”
“Oh, Sherlock, this is too bizarre.”
The fingers of his free hand dug into the dark wool of his trousers as an unimagined jealousy struck. He thought of John with another man. Sholto. Of course. A sharp pain flared in his chest. The women had been bad enough, but if it wasn’t being with men that John had an issue with, then that meant…
Sherlock considered this, and the man before him, brushing the blood from his cheek.
“56. Hardly even considered middle-aged these days.”
“Making love in the afternoon?”
“Stubble?”
Soothed, John sighed heavily as sleep beckoned once more. “Tis. He’s a friend. S’good.”
“Exactly. So…how have you been coping with your ruts thus far?”
“Would you like me to take a message?”
Sherlock’s face clouded over and he scrambled to his feet.
Sherlock smiled at him, returning his hand to John’s cheek. “I had an excellent physician in Italy. My burns have healed very well, though I shall always bear the scars. The infection lasted only a few days, and I did not develop pneumonia. And you were right about the swelling on my spine — it needed only time. Even as they were loading me on the plane to return to England, I was beginning to be able to move my fingers.”
John nodded, a lump forming in his throat.
“Sherlock!” John dropped the grocery bag and reached for their son. “Kit—no!”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Oh, that’s not important. Forget I mentioned it. In fact, most of what I’ve told you — well, I trust I don’t need to spell out for you that I probably shouldn’t have. And I know I can rely on you never to reveal what you know about me and my activities during the war.”
“But have you just said, ‘John, I love you and I want us to be together’?”
He straightened his tie with one hand and took Sherlock’s hand with the other. He squared his shoulders beneath the suit jacket and Sherlock couldn’t help but admire him. He was dressed in a new dark blue suit—one Sherlock hadn’t seen before—and crisp white shirt. His tie was a deep emerald green.
“Fine. Five minutes and then I’m sending the cameras back in.” She left through the front door with the two camera operators behind her. Michael moved to follow, but paused.
“Do you want to go to bed?”
“Am I hideous?”
“We’ll look it up later,” John said. “In a nutshell, it means that you can experience sexual attraction under the right circumstances, but more often than not, you don’t. It is fairly atypical in alphas, but not unheardof. The suppressant drugs certainly help graysexual alphas feel more comfortable in their own skin.”  John smiled at Sherlock. “I certainly enjoyed your early interest in sex, but I was aware that it would probably settle down. And that’s fine. Sexual intimacy is not the only kind of intimacy.”
“D-done?”
With one merciless snap of his hips, John drove himself balls deep. Sherlock screamed, or he thought maybe he had. It was too much: too painful, too full, and too hard.
This was uncertain territory; a place he had never been with John or anyone else. Oh, he’d given in to desire and masturbated when necessary — when he’d been unable to derail his subconscious need for the fantasy of giving in to his body’s baser nature and someone else’s command. But now?
“What?” John asked, thoroughly confused. “I haven’t said anything!”
“Well, then, Dr. Watson. I assume the pain on my face is from burns there as well. Might I beg for some kind of relief?”
“So what happens now,” Sherlock sneered, turning to face the two women. “Are you going to tell us everything while we wait for our ground support? You know Mycroft’s ahead of all of this. There is nowhere either of you can go. This is it, so you might as well just fill in the gaps.”
John’s fingers tightened into fists, filled with handfuls of Sherlock’s heavy coat. “I want you, too.”
"Voila. Monsieur Holmes requested something very quiet. I understand it is a special occasion, yes?"
Granted, he was not exactly as trim as he once had been, but he was still fit. He had a few aches and pains, of course, and old injuries sometimes made him cringe, but he was hardly—as Harry had suggested—past it.
Mycroft looked offended, one hand on his chest. “I have n—I didn’t—” He stopped and tipped his chin in the air. “She’s my daughter and I reserve the right to buy her whatever I like.”
Mycroft trailed off as his mother’s narrow-eyed glare—so very like Sherlock’s, John thought—skewered him to his chair. John tried not to giggle as his mate poked him in the side gently with his elbow. Sherlock was positively delighted not to be the object of his mother’s scrutiny. He’d very nearly begged to be included, along with John and Kit, in the dinner that would bring his parents together with Mycroft’s intended for the first time.
“Yes, well,” Mycroft said tightly. He swirled the whiskey in his crystal tumbler. “Priorities.”
“Hello, dear,” a voice called.
________________________________
“S-stop.”
“Entertainer?” John glanced up, trying to hide his surprise. Bespoke suit, manicured hands, expensive haircut, posh accent, probably a public school education: It was clear this passenger—Holmes—had never done a hard day’s work in his life. But an entertainer? That didn’t quite fit. “What sort of entertainment?”
“Yes I do!” John shouted. “Please. Please tell me what’s wrong!”
“Is-is that what I taste like?”
This seemed to rouse Greg. He kissed Mycroft and reached for their daughter. Sherlock held the car seat while he undid all the buckles and lifted her free. He slid her into the crook of his arm and turned her toward Kit with a sniffle.
“Huh.” Greg took another sip of tea. “Never occurred to me to have Mycroft take the lead on that one.”
The boy stood slowly (oh, why the fuck did he have to be tall?) and tugged at the very snug t-shirt that showed off every ripple of his toned young body. “If he wants me to go, he can tell me. Maybe he’d like a little bit more in a mate. At the very least, a much younger model.”
That Sherlock was the handsomest man John had ever seen was certain. That he was the cleverest human being John had ever known was undeniable. That he had—for some unknown reason, after years of trying to avoid his biological impulses—chosen John as his omega still utterly baffled the good doctor.
“Quiet, now,” John said quietly, repeating the tender touch as with the first strike.
Not that he minded the rounded evidence of pregnancy. He hadn’t been crazy about the weight gain, but he had quite enjoyed the satisfying feeling of sheltering new life. But being as he’d only just got himself back into fighting trim after Drew’s birth, he was pleased to get to enjoy it for a little longer.
“How,
Greg nodded once more with a lopsided smile. “Look, I hate to ask this here. I know you’re not really seeing many patients these days…”
John waved a hand impatiently. “Doesn’t matter. Look, I need to be
“Probably not.”
“Yes, that is surprising, isn’t it?” Sherlock said. “I am far more…sensitive…I suppose you could say, than I ever have been before. Seeing you like this, seeing our child inside you—I can admit I find myself moved by it.”
“Okay!” Kit shouted. He dashed for the door, and Drew pursued as fast as he could.
John doubled over, vomiting and clutching at his spasming belly. He spat, groaning in pain. “Christ!” He struggled to breath, his chest constricting with every attempt. “What’s happening? What’s happening?!”
“The ‘salad’ covered with segments of Chocolate Orange?” Sherlock muttered under his breath.
“I got worried when all the banging stopped. I thought something might have happened to the boys.”
He weakened against Sherlock’s body, arousal and instinct relaxing him in the presence of a potential mate—his imprinted lover. “Sherlock, we need to get home.”
“Hello?”
“I…get…tested,” Sherlock panted. “Clean. FUCK ME.”
“Oh for—”
Sherlock rolled them over until John was sprawled beneath him. He pressed his rising erection into John’s groin.
“But?” John prompted again.
Mary gave him a puzzled look, setting her fork down. “How would I know?”
Captain (retired) and Doctor John H. Watson-Holmes—no-nonsense adrenaline junkie, formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers—was pregnant.
“I promise.”
Both John and Sherlock stared at Mary. She shrugged and scowled back at them.
John was mewling now; Sherlock knew his mate was close to coming. He wrapped his long fingers around John’s cock and begun to pump in rhythm with his thrusts.
Sherlock moaned now, helpless as he drew John's pebbling nipple into his mouth. He laved and suckled, teasing with teeth and tongue. He lost track of any sense of time as gave himself over to worshipping John's body.
“Papa?”
“Honestly, how stupid would someone have to be to attempt to carry drugs through an international border?”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snarled.
"Go on," John whispered, stretching up to press a kiss to Sherlock's brow. "I know you want to. I know you need to. Go on love. Suck me there."
The afternoon passed in relative calm: Emily was happy to settle into her room for her nap, provided that Sherlock read an excerpt from
“But I didn’t know that. I thought you were, you know. Infatuated. Or something.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered brokenly. “Can I?”
“I know that,” John snapped.
John hummed his delight into the soft flesh of Sherlock's neck. “I love you.”
Sherlock started to push himself to his feet, considering the words he would use to bring John out of this state, particularly given his own compromised thinking. Captain Watson was the only sexual fantasy he had ever allowed himself to entertain. Now, it was all he had left of…well, it was something his body seemed to want. At least in lieu of John back at home on Baker Street.
“I’ll find you,” Sherlock’s voice was steady.
John deftly refastened Drew’s dungarees and then bent to kiss one chubby cheek fondly.
“Bit optimistic,” Sherlock joked. “Rather like that very well-stocked sex kit in your bag.”
It seemed like ages later, as they lay tied together, when something of John’s rational mind returned.
“Sherlock, spit it out. What are you getting around to?”
“How do we ask nicely?” John prompted.
“Or you could stay here.”
“Right, then,” John said, reaching for the refrigerator door. “What about…snow peas?”
John opened a fresh notebook and wrote the date and his new client’s name. “So Mr. Holmes, what brings you here today?”
“But why isn’t my mother’s scent working for Christopher? A family alpha should have been able to provide the needed pheromones.”
He stood her beside Drew. All the adults watched as Drew took her hand and led her over to his toy box underneath the skull painting. The two little ones sat heavily—landing on padded, nappied bottoms—and began to play with some soft, stuffed building blocks.
“You haven’t eaten a thing,” Mary chastised gently. “I thought you liked eggplant.”
“Molly could come back.”
John sighed heavily, but squared his shoulders. “No, we’re not going to do that. You are not responsible for Moriarty’s psychotic schemes. You and I have made mistakes—some really big ones—but we didn’t do this.” He pulled Sherlock into his arms once more, gratified when Sherlock laid his cheek on John’s shoulder. “You know I trust you—though why I still do is a mystery to me. But what if something goes wrong?”
____________________________
“The game is on?”
Safe. They were safe now.
“You needn’t sound so shocked,” Sherlock said, trying not to sound hurt.
The question was posed so softly that Sherlock didn’t seem to register it right away. When it finally sunk in, his head came up slowly and he stared at John. His lips were slightly parted, in a little “o.” He nodded once, his eyes looking like—
John rounded on him, feeling every minute of his long morning in the clinic. “You can’t leave them alone, Sherlock. Not even for a minute! Anything could happen!”
* At Bletchley Park
Was that it? Had he simply aged out of Sherlock's life?
Sherlock had no idea how long they stayed in that position before John finally started grunting that he was getting too heavy. Reluctantly, Sherlock withdrew, watching with inappropriate satisfaction as his load dribbled from John’s hole.
Sherlock gained on John, his longer legs giving him an advantage. They raced through the kitchen, bare feet slipping some on the highly polished floor. John skidded into a cabinet narrowly avoiding Sherlock’s grasping fingers as he regained his footing. Sherlock snarled and resumed pursuit, out through the dining room and back around to the foyer. John took the stairs two at a time.
"Oh, certainly. Can you charm me again with the same brilliance that I fell hopelessly in love with?" I gave him a seductive smile to which he grinned with a hint of smugness showing from his expression. He does love to impress me.
Holmes can be utterly difficult. It almost seems as if I am handling a young boy trapped inside a body of a man in his mid thirties. When he refuses to cooperate with me then I shall try within my power, to see to it that Holmes is dressed.
The heated kiss and exploring hands finally subsided and I was dizzy from it. I steadied myself as I ran my fingers through my hair and cleared my throat.
"I see. The good doctor seems to have went out for a while. He hasn't even touched his writing desk. No matter. A friend of Watson's is a friend of mine. If you were to wait, I'm sure he'll turn up soon. I'll see to my landlady to bring up something to ease this wretched humid weather."
"Oh, no, no! Apologies for staring, Doctor. But, I couldn't help but notice that you are wearing Mr. Holmes's dressing gown."
I gave a gruff laughter. Remarkable. Even in my disguise, he never cease to amaze.
I had no activities in particular for me to distract myself with. No patients to attend for today was the weekend. Not a single book that piqued my interest and it was far too hot outside for me to make a journey to the old bookstore. I stood near my desk then glanced at Holmes's bedroom where the door was left ajar.
"Will you stop that infernal racket? You are endangering us from being kicked out of our own roof by our landlady!"
I grinned from the very thought of me being the only thing he wishes to play with. My Holmes is not always a cold calculating machine with a beating heart. He can easily be swooned as any other men with a few sweet words and careful planning.
"I was hoping you would pick. Something...to ease my racing mind."
"Watson, the time is 8.50. Shouldn't we be-"
We shucked off our overcoats and tossed them onto the floor, not bothering to hang them on our coat stand. I took off my hat, folded my jacket, unbuttoned my waistcoat, unlaced my boots and replaced them with a pair of warm night slippers. I rubbed my face with a sigh then made my way to my long awaited bedroom.
I bolted from my armchair and made a dash towards the front door but Holmes's legs were longer and faster. He blocked the exit with his tall figure, eyes glaring at me with a hidden fury.
What if?
"Most definitely, Doctor."
"I remember clearly you were the last man to enter my rooms after Mrs. Hudson. So, that makes you the suspect in this case." Holmes crawled on his hands and knees to see if that wretched sock was hiding somewhere among his dust collected belongings underneath his bed.
"Absolutely not. As for the reasons that you wish to know, I simply believe you can deduce that for yourself, my dear Watson."
I love teasing him.
"You told me once before why you let yourself fall towards this unhealthy hobby. You detest the mundane way of ordinary life and abhor idleness for which it tires you tremendously. You are in need of complicated mysteries and puzzles so you turn to drugs when cases fail to show up on our doorstep."
"I must retire to bed, my dear Holmes. Good night, my love."
"Why not, Holmes? This mystery is certainly the most singular and queer problems you have had the honor of engaging."
After that one day, I did as I planned. I never made any messes around our rooms, I spread the jam on his toast even if he ignores it, I made sure to stack the blotting papers on his desk and fill his inkpot when it ran dry, I ran to the tobacconist to refill his pouch, I leave him to his chemical experiments in his blissful solitude and occasionally, I brought home chocolates and place them on his side of the table. He gave a glance and never spoke a word. When he goes out on his whirlwind of cases, I place a single flower on his desk, each different from the first. A flaming red rose, a bright blue tulip, a lovely forget-me-not, a fresh cape jasmine, an
"That does sound like
The older Holmes has fits of asthma and sore joints every now and again and once did I had to attend to his medical needs after the event of 'The Greek Interpetur'. Such activities that required great amounts of running of any sort was not wise for his health.
"Very funny."
Holmes quickly made himself looked presentable as he combed back his slick hair and smoothed out his vest and trousers. He attached back his cuffs, made his way out and closed the door behind him so that our dear landlady would not suspect that her two tenants were buggering one another. While Holmes was discussing with our landlady, I got into my trousers and my night shirt from yesterday, still smelling of his favourite cigars. Finally, the door opened and Holmes came in with his hands behind his back.
"Oh! I-I'm terribly sorry, old boy. It's your gla–"
to pay him the debt.
"Barely, Watson," said Holmes before letting out one big yawn then continuing his journey up on the seventeen steps of our staircase with me trudging from behind.
During our inactive days with no cases to pursue or clients to lend them our absolute attention to, were the days I loathe the most. Not because of the sole idea that I simply had nothing to engage myself with so that I may fill up my spare time but rather the idea of having to face my companion's restless figure in the sitting room once more. Up and down he would pace himself with an air of agitation from the fireplace to the window. Then, from my study desk to his chemistry table and at times, he would stomp around the hearth rug in circles for what seems like an age. Muttering underneath his breath a chain of insults either to the boys from Scotland Yard or the criminal minds of Britain whom both failed the detective all the same.
He could become anyone he wishes with a simple brush of his make up alongside a perfect match of wigs and costumes. Voila! Sherlock Holmes is no more!
"Of course, Holmes. As long as it will keep you from starting this same argument again about my admiration for romanticism in my writings." I told him as I found my seat at the table with the tea still lukewarm on the tray.
"My dear Holmes. I-I have been quite lonely these past few days. You never seem to sleep together with me anymore."
"Seeing you in my clothes, John," he said between our fevered kisses. "is more than I can bear." I managed to bit back a moan when I heard those words of his escape his swollen lips. His hands rubbing eagerly on the sides of my waist, earning a soft moan from my mouth.
Quick as a whip, I dashed over to my poor friend's side, peeling off his filthy beggar's disguise. Holmes, for once, did not seem to object to my aid. His overcoat and shirt sleeves were drenched with rain and melted snow and it was no wonder that Holmes's came back to Baker Street looking as if he had threaded through the North Pole.
Holmes was quiet when his lips uttered the name of my late wife. His long fingers fiddled with the needle that he held and his eyes stared vacant at his night slippers. I assumed that he thought I was offended from his words but that was far from the truth. I could never be bitter at my faithful companion for something that was never his fault to begin with. My little Marry is in a better place. Somewhere safe and happy, is what I would pray to her almost every day. For every day, my heart would ache for her and eventually the piles of work I faced at Bart's Hospital did so little to heal me. So, I turn to my own remedies.
"I don't think you are capable to distract me to the point of no return."
"Then, let me make it up to you, my dear. Will you let me spoil you until dawn?" His heavy lidded eyes gazing lovingly at me.
Finally, in a fit of frustration, I threw my pillow at my companion's face but to my surprise, he managed to dodge it with one swift motion of his figure.
"If I waited any longer, I might have gone mad entirely. I'm only here to speed up the process."
I was enjoying my book when Holmes suddenly stood up with his blanket still draped over his shoulder and the rest pooled on the floor. He went over to me and sat gracefully on my lap with no hesitation. I could feel his weight an top of me and I did not mind at all. I saw his thin lips curling into a weak smile and his eyes told me that he had gone through many hardships to see to it that his current case was close for good.
"Well, as for me, I need to retire before I collapse in my armchair. Good night, Holmes." I was about to rise on my feet when suddenly, Holmes stopped me before I could do so.
"Oh, I see that your vacant mind is still able to follow me. How delightful!" Holmes presented me his most sickeningly sweet smile which made my blood boil and my ears started to burn hot. I was ready to wrap my hands around his windpipe when suddenly a knock came to Holmes's bedroom door.
"Nothin' to be shy bout, sir. These 'ere flowers you just bought. Well, they tell a fine lot if you speak its language."
"Holmes." I said with a soft voice that hopefully would calm his straining nerves.
The room fell silence.
I shook my head. "I envy you...for your inability to feel things that normal everyday people would feel. Emotions that would leave you tossing and turning in your bed at night or the joy you would feel when you are to be wed to a handsome lady. You don't fancy any women much less wanted a wife. In the end, you will never feel heartbroken if she were to leave you...or..." I gripped hard at my glass until my knuckles turned white. Where was this conversation going? My friend would surely be yawing at this pitiful speech that I was presenting. I gave a small laugh and waved my hand at what I have just started rambling.
"Then, I have not exhausted my options just yet, my dear." I smiled.
"How can I not be when you can barely hold up your head." I let myself yawn when I could no longer ignore my body's need for rest and recovery.
Holmes didn't dare move. Instead, he observed me and listened to every word that escaped my dry lips.
Holmes had gone out before I awoke and left a note on my writing desk. At first glance, I suspected it was for a case but my theory proofed wrong when I mumbled out his written message.
When I finally held his hand, it felt like I was gripping a freezing corpse and that very sensation sent a shiver down my spine. He was half naked in front of me, clinging to my arm like a shivering kitten. I guided him safely in front of the fire and into his own armchair with no time spared. I didn't want to leave him without a single fabric covering his exposed upper body. I ran to his bedroom to fetch him one of his night shirt and a thick blanket so that he may have enough layer to heat up his trembling figure. I helped him into his loose shirt for he could barely lift his arms. I wrapped him in his blanket for good measure.
He breathed out my name, relishing the sensation of my soft lips against his pale skin and as for myself, feeling dizzy from the smell of his light floral cologne. If only he knew how devilishly ravishing he looked in his most fine cotton grey suits to which I could not pry my eyes away.
"Come in, Mrs. Hudson." Our long suffering landlady came in with her usual gentle mother like smile and beamed even brighter when she saw me already seated for breakfast.
I let out a soft sigh of frustration and gave up my intentions of finishing my yellow paged novel which was a special gift from my late brother. I was about to store away my reading glasses when suddenly Holmes stood up and apologised earnestly for his unusual behaviour.
"Holmes, you are being quite childish today. I wonder if the summer's heat has really scrambled your brain." I found one of his hands on my shoulder and guided him to our breakfast table where the jug of lemonade was neatly sitting in front of us. It was the second most tempting sight I have ever laid eyes upon. The first being the sight of Holmes sprawled on my bed, naked, desperate, chest heaving, thighs parted, hips trusting in search of friction, red swollen lips parted and the sound of his moans and whimpers being the only sounds filling my bedroom. Yes, that was a sight for any ex-army doctor. I grabbed a glass and poured lemonade for the poor man which he was still in one of his foul moods.
"An anniversary requires a feast. What say you to a good dinner this evening at our favourite spot?"
“Oh?”
She grabbed John by the arm and dragged him forward—her alpha strength was more than a match for him at nearly nine months pregnant. His big belly threw him off balance and he slid sideways into the chair to keep from falling. Behind him, Mary patted his shoulders.
“I know you do.”
“Oh, no need to look like that,” Sherlock griped. “I am aware...Anyway. Doesn’t mean I’ll ever say it again.”
Sherlock shrugged, snuggling in against John’s body. “Makes sense, I suppose.”
For a moment — just the fluttering of a heart long left to its own devices — John gave in. He leaned into the touch of long fingers holding him fast by his upper arms and gently kneading the flesh there. He surrendered to the firm pressure of Sherlock’s mouth, which was far softer than John would have imagined.
“I thought I would be enough. That if I loved you enough, I could make you as happy as he could.”
Sherlock dipped his head to nuzzle at John's neck. “Would you...touch me? Please?”
John grimaced as he lost the word.
Sherlock, for his part, had turned a lovely shade of pink and was now lying quite peacefully waiting for John to release him. John sighed at the sight, though he was more than aware that now was not the time. He released the straps and tugged the blanket free so Sherlock could join him on the bench seat.
“I think you and I both deserved a nap with the kiddies today,” Greg said with a smile.
“Just not in my teacup, all right?”
“But she and Greg are very important to your brother. Mycroft wants his mate to enjoy every moment of being home with Emmeline while she’s tiny. He’s trying to make the experience as special as he can.”
Holmes was peering back at him over one shoulder, lips slightly parted.
“It’s against protocol. I’d be fired.”
Sherlock slowly released his grip on Mary’s throat; she coughed and sputtered as she pulled free and moved to where Janine stood.
“It does, yes. I know that’s very important for you both. Why don’t you take some time and have a bit of wander on your own and then we’ll meet up again out front?”
Today, amidst overwhelming relief at the end of Hitler’s tyranny, Dr. John Watson was also melancholy that he would be wearing his uniform for what was likely the last time.
“Hurts, doesn’t it?”
“Head wound,” John repeated groggily. He tried to sit up, grunting at the shooting pain in his leg and instantly flopping back down. “How bad?”
“Ah, there we are,” the man said cheerfully. “All here now. If you would be so kind?” The man nodded at John’s weapon, which one of two new arrivals relieved him of.
“Something for Mycroft?”
John concentrated on the bandages and being as careful as possible. He wanted to minimize the scarring as much as he was able. Sherlock was a very handsome man…
He drew out the tidy plastic zipper bag with condoms and lubricant. He shook the contents loose as John worked on the fastenings of his trousers. Button and zipper loosed, John tugged the fine wool down to Sherlock’s knees.
The room was empty. The package from Rosie had been looked through, and there was a note on top.
John continued with changing his dressings.
“You made your feelings about my presence in your home very clear. However, I wanted to make one final attempt.” He looked John in the eye. “I would like to offer you and Christopher the comfort of family.”
John rose and headed for the rear door of his office. It opened out into the clinic’s rear hallway, where the storage closets, the staff washroom and the staff lounge were located. He closed his office door behind him and crossed the narrow corridor to the male staff washroom. Once inside, he took the first cubicle and began to undress, setting his gun on the closed toilet seat lid.
“Oh, yes. Molly. Um, no I think we’ll be fine here. For the moment.”
What the hell had he done?
“You know there isn’t enough room at 221B for all of us,” John continued evenly. “And you having a child underfoot…”
John Watson was a man who’d found a reason never to fully assimilate, ever again.
“Yes?”
“Sorry, I’m a bit late.” John burst into his office, closing the door firmly behind him. “My last appointment ran over.”
By the time they reached Pevensey Bay, Sherlock was nearly vibrating with the need to get on with his case. He couldn’t bear to look at Pretty Michael any longer, or to watch him dancing attention on John. Nor could he stand the strain of feigning a relationship that did not exist…but that he wished with every fibre of his being DID exist.
Everything else aside, he’d loved Sherlock first and best. Nothing could compare.
They were both panting now.
“Not even with yourself.”
“Twenty-two years this year,” Greg looked at his hands in his lap. “And I’ll miss it. I know I will.”
“Most likely,” Sherlock replied, matching John’s volume.
“God, I wish that, too.”
Kit looked up excitedly. “Papa LOVES bees!”
John nodded sadly, his heart aching.
John removed his fingers from Sherlock’s willing body and began tugging at his trousers, suddenly desperate. Sherlock turned, surprising him with needed help in dealing with his flies and freeing his swollen prick. Sherlock stroked him firmly and John nearly blacked out.
“Miz Husn—yay!” Kit slipped off the edge of the bed and disappeared down the hall at full speed.
___________________________
Sherlock glared at him. “And you think that is unusual in a doctor who has survived a war and a painful divorce and...the kinds of things he has seen with me?”
“Please, John,” Sherlock begged, his legs shaking as he shimmied his trousers to the floor and stepped one foot out of them. He spread his legs wide, lowering his stance, and braced himself against the window. “Please.”
“John?”
“Hmmm, yes. On the sea, main floor library, large kitchen, and a formal dining room for entertaining. I assume it also has a cellar?”
She looked at Greg, who nodded. She repeated the motion herself and lifted her arms to allow John to unbutton the plaid fleece to slide it off. Mycroft watched this with an indulgent expression. Like Sherlock, Mycroft was ill at ease with overt emotion, but his affection for his mate and his daughter was very evident.
Now, standing in Mrs. Hudson’s foyer, Sherlock felt compelled somehow to make amends.
“I’m not embarrassed, Sherlock,” John whispered.
"I don't know?"
Mycroft blinked several times, turning just enough to focus on his nephew. “Kit.”
“Is he…”
Mycroft sighed inwardly. It was going to be one of
Sherlock stared at the side of Lestrade’s head.
________________________________________
Sherlock frowned at her. “I asked him to move back here! And I’ve been doing everything I can to prove to him that I can do this. I can be part of his life without taking him away from Emily. That I can be polite and responsible and — ”
“Meaning I am not the usual, bog standard charlatan relying on my audience’s inattention and desperate, forlorn hopes to feign some kind of connection with the afterlife.”
“I can’t afford something more suitable on my own.”
“Graysexual?”
“You bet,” Greg agreed. “Candy?”
“Shut up.”
“Are you all right?”
“Right. Sorry. Look, I’m sure it’ll be fine. You had insurance, right?”
“That would be…amazing. Honestly, I would do just about anything to make sure Dee-dee has every chance in life.”
“The novelist?”
John was panting as he tore at Sherlock’s shirt. He pulled until the buttons gave, scattering them across the room. He bent to lick a stripe over the newly exposed skin, from belly button to collarbone. Sherlock’s knees shook and he grabbed on to John for support. John continued his desperate disrobing. He made quick work of Sherlock’s belt and trouser buttons, shoving them unceremoniously—along with Sherlock’s pants—to the floor.
“If you think we ought to win the war, then yes.”
“Yeah, hello, Harry.”
“Do you…find her attractive?”
“Hmm?”
Kit nodded absent-mindedly, focusing instead on his sandwich.
“There aren’t any drugs,” Holmes ground out from between clenched teeth.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said swiftly. “I didn’t mean—”
“Sorry to grab you before you’ve even got your coat off, but I thought you might like to say hello to Mary.”
"Problem is..."
“You are amazing, Sherlock. So, so, so….FUCK!”
Sherlock shivered a little, but immediately complied. He swallowed hard as he tried to work out what John’s punishment might entail.
John sighed heavily from his perch on the examination table. “A little hacked off, if you want the truth.”
“I’m a partner in the practice, Sherlock,” John reminded him. He walked to the kitchen. “Mike runs the day-to-day affairs, but I do need to provide some input on the proposed expansion,”
“But there is no injury.”
“It’s okay,” John chuckled. “We don’t have to go on with this now that we’ve found our killer.”
This was gut-rending. Sobs he could neither control nor contain. He fell to his side and curled in on himself, tears and snot covering his face and he allowed the full horror of the night's events to clamour around him.
“My little girl needs me, Sherlock,” John said solemnly. “I’ve restocked the kitchen and we spent all morning at a crime scene, but now I have to go home.”
Sherlock continued to stare at the ceiling. John thought he could detect a bit of dampness forming in Sherlock’s eyes.
“No.” John shook his head. “Not good enough.”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered simply, pressing another gentle kiss to John’s lips. “You look radiant.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed. He looked at John as he grabbed his suit jacket and pulled it on. “I trust you’ll be here to ensure that I am appropriately
“I think it could work.”
Sherlock grinned back, comfortable in John’s acceptance and affection. He dropped his pants and hurriedly tugged on a pair of jersey pyjama bottoms. “But we’re safe now?”
It was Sherlock’s turn to murmur endearments, humming delicious words proclaiming the stoutness of John’s heart and the depth of his wisdom and the exquisite beauty of his body. “So ripe. So lush,” he murmured stroking reverently over the place where their child was growing.
“Here we are!” Angelo announced as he re-appeared. He set an elaborate glass candle holder down beside Sherlock’s elbow. “Now that’s nice and romantic. Can I start you off with something to drink? Wine?”
“I don’t…”
After the debacle of Sherrinford, Mycroft's political career had stalled. He'd become a liability. They’d shunted him to an important but discreet consulting position with the intelligence services. After his parents’ deaths, he'd focused his energy on razing the family seat and rebuilding a country estate.
“You’re chipper this morning,” Sherlock grumbled, sipping his very hot coffee.
“I didn’t know where you were,” John said, hating the tinge of a whine in his voice. “You’ve been gone for hours and no one knew where you were. I was getting worried.”
“I am a sex therapist, not a surrogate!”
“You are a bit.”
Holmes complied, slapping the black leather into Ames’ hand. The large man scowled at their passenger, but took the gloves and began to inspect them.
“So you were one of the snipers at the pool, but you didn’t go to 221B or the Yard or to Bart’s,” Sherlock continued. “No, he needed you out of sight and on hand in case anything went wrong. John was your mission from the beginning.” Sherlock considered this for a moment. “But
The rest of the morning passed in painfully boring and predictable fashion. The interview was tedious and they’d had to redo a couple of answers. Apparently he’d been a bit “unapproachable.” The first house they were taken to see was nice, but relatively forgettable: a converted Victorian coach house with a huge loft (that could be used as a laboratory), a modern kitchen, four bedrooms, a library and a small garden with a distant view of the sea.
talked about it—and if you had somehow written off my clumsy attempt at seduction that first night after we met, then you might not actually know…might not actually realize…”
Mycroft gestured for John to follow him into the sitting room. He sat on the sofa and left the chair for John. “I fear his contact with you has had some unforeseen consequences.”
John nodded, moving in to settle into the chair under Mr. Blue Skull. He leaned over, bracing his elbows on his knees. “As well as can be expected. The flat sold. New owners took possession today. And that, as they say, is that.”
“I’ll decide that for myself, thanks,” John said. “I don’t know about you, but I’m knackered. What say we go to bed?”
“This is madness,” John said, his voice hoarse. “I don’t even know what to call you.”
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done,” John wheezed.
Sherlock startled, turning back to find that John was now standing right in front of him. “Oh. Well, you don’t have–”
“You make me feel…”
John mewled a little as he tugged down his trousers and pants, now dampened by his body’s response to the alpha’s call. With the quick removal of socks and shoes, he was now naked.
“No.”
“Mmmmmm,” Sherlock responded, shifting a little from his position on his back. He curled toward John, like a sunflower following the sun's rays.
“You said my name, at the…end.” Sherlock’s hand tightened around the bed sheet and tugged it up over his bared and bandaged chest.
John sat heavily, still holding on to Sherlock’s shirtsleeve. Sherlock took one step back then, briefly considering whether he should withdraw.
“No. Busy.”
“Hey, slow coach.” John prodded Sherlock gently in the small of his back.
“I think his name is Holmes, although he’s muttered something that sounded like Kovács when he wasn’t speaking in English. He talks about…sometimes it’s the past, I think,” John admitted. “Old friends, perhaps his days at school. And then other times it sounds as though he’s recounting an escape.”
__________________________
“By the way,” Sherlock had started.
“Why not?”
John pulled back slightly. “It doesn’t have to be tonight, Sherlock,” he said softly. “I want this; I want
“Not bad. You?”
Holmes nodded stiffly.
“Alpha.”
“John, wait — upstairs,” Sherlock whispered, pointing in the direction of John’s old room.
“That’s my nose,” Margaret chuckled. “Where’s yours?” She waited a moment before touching her own index finger gently to Kit’s button nose. “There it is!”
Sherlock’s eyes raked over him. John shifted a little, well aware that Sherlock was about to come to the conclusion that—
“We’re your ride. You ready to go?”
Angelo bustled away and John let Sherlock take first pick of the chairs. He seated himself then, at Sherlock’s left side, and fussed nervously with the cutlery.
“How?”
“True,” John agreed, still perusing the article about early presenting omegas. “Been thinking about this for a while?”
“Yes, well, I did. A bit.” Sherlock lifted a hand to gingerly finger over the bandages that covered most of the right side of his head. “They said I had some rubble embedded in my scalp, and a piece of glass nearly took my ear off. Doctor said my brother’s people almost missed it…”
“Sorry—got to dash. Bye!”
“Yes,” John repeated, flicking the tip of the leather belt against the floor.
“No…”
“Oh, you could have brought him along.”
“Yeah, Peter is amazing.”
“There, I’ve sent my report,” Sherlock rumbled, leaning in near John’s upturned face until their noses were nearly touching. “And now,” he replied with a grin, “We get something to drink. Tea?”
“What? Remembering what?”
"Yes."
John shook his head weakly. “No, it’s fine. David’s her father. That’s where she belongs.” He hesitated. “Would you consider—?”
“Thanks.” Jeanette grinned. “Oh, you know, we never got around to your first wife. Rosie’s mum.”
“Kit. Our son. Alpha.
"Sorry. I didn't realize it had gotten so late. I, uhm, wasn't feeling well and wanted sleep. I'm feeling better now."
“Mine,” Sherlock muttered.
“I did my best for her, but Rosie’s grown up and gone. And maybe…that’s enough.”
He turned at the sound of John’s voice. He hadn’t even heard him come in. John was standing just inside the closed door, still wearing his jacket. He was soaked through from the rain.
They stayed that way for some time. John closed his eyes and let his head fall back. Sherlock watched him and listened to the popping of the fire and the cadence of John’s breathing. Beneath his palm, where it was pressed into John’s denim-covered thigh, he could just make out the reassuring throb of the now-slowing pulse.
John raised an eyebrow. “Do you want me to stop?”
“Is there a card?”
“Dr. Watson? Your three o’clock is here."
“So, Greg,” Sherlock interjected, raising a forkful of carrots. “Are you and Mycroft planning to have a bonding celebration?”
“Warm enough?” Sherlock asked gently.
“Of course I did,” Sherlock said stoically, trying not to look incredibly pleased. He bent down and gave Drew a firm kiss to the top of his head. “Yes, she is very small, Drew. But she’ll grow.”
Finally, John began to pump himself mercilessly up and down onto Sherlock’s throbbing heat. And it was so good. Almost enough. Almost…almost…
“Ah,” Mary smiled wryly. “Mate problems?”
“SHERLOCK!”
“Yes, I am,” Sherlock countered. “I am those things, John.”
Sherlock’s mouth watered. He wanted so much to test his theories about John’s larger than average member with his lips and tongue, but he knew there wouldn’t be time. Not now. He was too close.
Sherlock groaned, fingertips scraping at the glass in front of him. “Harder,” he begged.
“I love you, too, my John.” He pressed their lips together with a sigh before rolling to his side, taking John with him.
“Of course,” Sherlock confirmed. “Heatherton’s only employee was not convinced.”
The others were still there, of course. But John…John kept him right.
“Nor me,” Sherlock agreed. He placed a series of soft kisses over John’s shoulder. “We belong together.”
“Oh, oh. Fuck…”
The dirty words, in Sherlock’s rich voice, tipped John over the edge. He bit his lip to keep from crying out, but lurched helplessly into Sherlock’s embrace as he spilled between them.
John sighed, but continued to smile at Drew. “Well, we’ll work on that.”
Sherlock relaxed a little. He nodded once, just a dip of the chin, before turning his attention back to their joined hands. “For good.”
They’d settled onto the sofa with a bottle of whisky to watch the news (at John’s insistence) and Graham Norton (at Sherlock’s) before dozing off to an old Bond film (Sherlock let John think he was insisting). They’d been sitting side by side, but somehow—in sleep—they’d slid into each other, heads nearly touching where they leaned back against the sofa.
“Mind what?”
“Oh, god, are you having a heart attack? Should I call 999?”
“Really?” Greg’s brows climbed nearly to his hairline.
Sherlock nodded weakly. The heat was pooling in his belly and he knew he wouldn’t last much longer.
“I don’t, that is I am—” Sherlock started awkwardly. “I am trying to be more aware, but I don’t seem to be learning very quickly.” He cleared his throat, dropping his gaze to the floor. “I don’t want you to be disappointed in me.”
“I’m given to understand that you are now aware of Mary’s…situation?”
John couldn’t keep the grin from his face, however briefly. It was matched by the warm, genuine smile Sherlock gave him.
"Oh, right." The dealer turned and began unlocking the case behind him. "You didn't come so I put it back out. Lucky for you, it’s still here."
“When the members of Scotland Yard—or, occasionally, as in this particular instance, the secret service—are out of their depth, they call me.”
“It was.”
Finally, they dug out their photos and talked about their children. John knew he was gushing a bit about Rosie. He couldn’t help it. She was his only child. And she was, in fact, amazing.
Sherlock strode to the window and stared out at the snowy landscape. He really had no idea how he was. He was…hollow. And yet there was something scratching at the gates of his subconscious, trying to get out.
He swivelled to his right and took a sharp breath.
“Not put off by the murderers or the coppers?”
“Perhaps,” Sherlock started, feeling a bit uncertain. “Perhaps we could have lunch at the chippy on the Marylebone Road and then, Emily, you could come and visit Mrs. Hudson.”
“What do you think?” Greg asked, staring at his reflection. “Is it okay?”
John was tugging a stripped terry dressing gown closed and belting it. He looked rumpled and a little sleepy, Greg thought. His greying hair was standing up at strange angles.
“What do you mean?” John scowled. “Can’t you just—I don’t know—arrest her or something?”
“At last.”
“Crime, John!” Sherlock cried. “I’ve been following the progress of a Detective Inspector Lestrade of the Metropolitan Police. Intriguing fellow; far less tedious than many of his contemporaries. Too old to enlist, so he’s been patrolling London during the war. I believe he could benefit from my help.”
“Well, Drew is more difficult. He’s very strong willed—not afraid to play on his own or be different from other children—but he is also comfortable taking direction. He’s good-natured and mellow, not at all territorial. But he is very protective of Em.”
He stumbled toward the cupboard in the far corner of the small room. He pulled the door open and rifled through the contents until he found what he was looking for. He squeezed a generous amount of the medical lubricant out into his hands and swiftly returned to where Holmes was just beginning to shiver.
“Sherlock. Call me Sherlock.”
Very best of all was the
Sherlock knew, of course, that the formal dissolution of his marriage was weighing heavily on his mind. John was an honourable man, and he had loved Mary. While the events with “Moriarty” had put the final nails in that coffin, Sherlock knew it hadn’t been easy.
“That’s the whole of it, if you were looking for baby names.”
Sherlock could sense John bouncing on the balls of his feet behind him. Not that Sherlock was surprised. John had practically dragged him the last few metres to their doorstep.
“This is ridiculous.”
“There was a physical altercation. I am inquiring after your health. Mummy would want to know.”
“Oh, there was another disruption on the Victoria line. People backed up on the stairs and halfway across the train station!”
“Day made.”
“You are my doctor. Surgeon? Late-twenties. Hampshire.”
John sighed. “Yeah, well, it was more of a slip on my part, mentioning your face like that. God, you just looked so amazing. The whole bloody time we were in Dartmoor. Good thing you didn’t catch on.”
“Sherlock ...
“You-you think that’s what this is?” John stammered. “That I’m ashamed of…that I’m embarrassed?”
Another night, another hospital bedside. Everything that must be said, is.
“I was passing that way. And you told me to.”
John hummed happily, deep in his throat, and tightened his fist in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock whimpered again and shifted closer, pressing his aching cock into the side of John's thigh.
“Oh.”
Sherlock shuffled his chair around until it was completely facing John’s chair. He dropped heavily into the seat, stretched his legs out and flipped the long edges of his dressing gown over his thighs.
“Piss off.”
The rest of the evening passed relatively quickly. As Sherlock had predicted, the conversation flowed easily. They laughed, John listened a lot, and Sherlock—much to his consternation—blushed more than once. The food was good and they tasted each other’s meals without self-consciousness.
“It’s different for alphas, especially you,” John grumbled sadly. “You’re young and strong and gifted.”
“Sister,” Sherlock said slowly, still staring at Janine.
“It…helps,” Sherlock said quietly, his breath nearly ruffling John’s hair.
“Is that…Sherlock?”
“And you didn’t think to mention it? Sherlock!”
“Yes.” John startled himself with the swiftness of his answer. It was unlike him. But then, nothing about this day had really been anything like him.
Greg’s familiar toothy smile was radiant as he met John’s eyes. “Somehow I can’t feature Sherlock as particularly helpful in this situation.”
The broth Margaret had arranged for him — along with some other foodstuffs and medical supplies — was now lukewarm as it dripped onto Sherlock’s chest. John set the spoon down and swiped at the mess with a clean cloth.
This was not his area. This was what John did. Strong, brave, competent John was the one who cared for people. He was so good at it. So assured. He always made Sherlock feel safe.
“Fine.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “You weren’t just medical personnel.”
It hit like a wave in turbulent surf, crashing over him and pulling down, under, over. His knees gave way and he collapsed. Crumpling in a heap on the carpet.
Sherlock released John’s arm and proceeded to remove his own long coat. John watched for a moment, mesmerized by Sherlock’s graceful movements and the fitness of his lean body in a well-tailored grey suit. Sherlock was alive. Not only alive, but well!
“Would I what?”
“Oh, I’ll find her. Mycroft will help. She can’t hide forever.”
John sighed, and dropped into his new reclining chair. “I know. And I meant it. It’s good for her. She’s a serious little thing, and she’s been raised by two workaholics. God knows she could use some perspective.”
“Indeed.”
“You’re fine. I just felt like maybe you were changing your mind.”
Flesh peeled from the bones beneath.
John stared at
______________________________
“Is it anything like you imagined?” John teased.
“What about me, what?”
Sherlock set his napkin in his lap as he waited for their host to be out of earshot. “No drink?” he asked finally, watching John out of the corner of his eye.
“Shanghai noodles. Good. How’s the pork?”
“Right. And if you’re correct about these people who are after you…”
Emmeline, in Mycroft’s arms, sweetly reached out to pat Kit’s face. He smiled at her.
“Because I haven’t seen her in nearly a week. And because I thought you might like the company.”
“Well, if he is interested in a pharmaceutical solution, I’ll get him started on the Androtheryn to get his cycle balanced. It won’t prevent this rut, but it will dull the impact somewhat. Then I can provide counselling to cope with the emotional strain of the rut, as it sounds as though that might be traumatic for him,” John started. “In addition, I can provide him with some guidance on dealing with his symptoms and, if he chooses, arrange a space for him in one of the surrogacy clinics. I’ll do everything I can to get him through this.”
“Was that nice?” John asked, teasing. “Good. I want you to enjoy this — I don’t mind — but don’t you dare come. Not until I tell you. Is that understood, corporal?”
"Let me stop you there," Sherlock said abruptly, holding a hand up. "I don't think we should do this now."
He pressed back against that side and waited. “Oh, and that looks like an elbow, maybe?”
“He’s fine,” John said shortly.
“It is, but it’s…so good,” John replied. He lifted his face to place a kiss beneath Sherlock’s jaw. “And this is new.”
Even as a returning, injured soldier—feeling lost and out of place—he had never felt this hopeless. His son was inconsolable and teetering on the edge of a health crisis, and there was nothing he could do to help.
Sherlock nodded, unable to take his eyes away from John’s erection.
Sherlock shrugged and stared into John’s eyes, waiting for a sign.
“So you’ve said.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock started, rising. “Would you happen to have any freshly baked biscuits down in your flat?”
John braced his free hand against the shower wall and continued stroking himself with the other. He bit his lip trying to contain more cries, but it felt
“Oh, god, yeah. That’s a classic, isn’t it?”
“That’s us,” the woman said. She stood and began to shove the boy out toward the doors. She hesitated as she passed John and grasped his hand where it held his stick. “Bless you,” she said softly, and she was gone.
“For girls, I’m thinking Sophie or Isabella. Boys…I just don’t know. Sherlock is insisting we use my name in there somewhere.”
“Near Cassino.”
“Oh, I see. So our connection will get stronger? Even while we’re suppressed?”
“SHERLOCK!”
Sherlock moved swiftly, heart pounding. He settled his abdomen on the duvet, ensuring that his own aching cock could achieve some friction against the mattress if he needed it. There was a moment of silence, and then he heard John rifling through his bureau. He dared not look.
"John Watson. My god. Of all the people!"
"Yes. She's got everything under control. Remarkably."
Sherlock imagined there would be other times—perhaps many, now that they understood one another. And those times could be slow and tender. They could carefully undress each other and take their time tracing over lines and scars. They could taste and tease.
“That’s a big name,” Kit said wonderingly. He was still in his pyjamas, having abandoned Mrs. Hudson’s flat the minute Sherlock called down to say the baby had been born.
“More. Please!”
“You are an atrocious liar. Never going to make it all the way until tonight. How on earth have you kept it from him since…Monday?”
John snickered as he returned his attention to working Sherlock’s trousers and pants off. He trailed kisses over exposed skin as he did: belly, hip, thigh. When he finally tugged them off, he paused to regard Sherlock’s body and gave a low wolf whistle.
“D-don’t,” Sherlock said weakly. He settled back into his seat and struggled to sit still. “Sorry. Sorry. Please, sir. Don’t stop. Please.”
“Oh, dear god.”
“I want you,” Sherlock rumbled against John’s skin, sending shivers along the pathways of his nervous system.
“How are the umm…”
John’s attention was drawn back to the door as it pushed open once more. He held his breath; so did Mycroft.
Hello to anyone who is following this! I've just about completed the whole thing--only the epilogue to go now. So I will post a couple of chapters today. Hope you enjoy!
“And you must be exhausted. Just look at you!” Mary led him in and closed and bolted the door behind him. She took his elbow and led him into the flat. “You look wonderful—so rosy and round.”
“What? What is it?” John asked, brow furrowed. “You’ve got that look.”
“And?”
John smirked. It was
“Uhmmm…” John began, looking to Sherlock.
“If he didn’t have drivers and a helicopter, he’d probably never leave the house.”
Sherlock marched through the rooms with the cameras in tow, offering random responses (“Hugely.” “Charming.” “Fine.” “I suppose.”) to John’s questions and exclamations. Instead, Sherlock occupied himself—as John had predicted—with deducing the family that lived in the home. Though even that had hardly been worth his time.
“Enough,” John insisted, chuckling. “It counts. Where are we?”
“Sir,” Sherlock squeaked. “Captain.”
“Mine,” John echoed happily, leaning in for a kiss. “And right now I want you inside me.”
“I should hope not, Dr. Watson.”
“No, I think I kind of like it.” John kissed Sherlock’s neck and nuzzled there a moment, revelling in the breathy sounds the taller man was making. “If this is a dream, I don’t want to wake.”
So had Sherlock.
John took a step back, whether in shock or a desperate urge to pack and flee the country, he wasn’t sure.
Sherlock picked up his pace, slapping his hips relentlessly against John’s bum. “I want you to come all over yourself,” he insisted.
“John?” Sherlock tried. He shifted one elbow back to nudge John in the ribs. “Sir?”
“What…?” Sherlock gasped.
“That’d be great,” Greg enthused. He crunched through the last of his ice cream cone and wiped sticky hands on a napkin. “I’m just going to text Mycroft now and see if he can do it.”
Whatever the case, it was clear he was no longer in any way fit for civilian life. Especially not in the city he loved. Not that it mattered. He’d be leaving London soon enough, and probably for good.
“Are you on the edge?”
“I’m Francine,” she replied, sticking out a hand. “Hullo!” She shook first John’s hand and then Sherlock’s. “This is such a—well, it’s probably the most exciting thing that’s happened to me on this job.”
“Well, fortunately your brother was keeping a watchful eye.”
“Three? How lovely,” Mary said softly. “It’s a lot of work, though, I expect.”
“IDENTIFY YOURSELVES!”
John smiled. “Perfect.”
“Well, no,” Mary agreed. She sat in the chair in front of John’s desk. “But if you have a few minutes before you have to run, I am a very good listener.”
Sherlock did not allow that train of thought to proceed. He couldn’t. He didn’t want to hear such words from drugged John. Fantasy John. John who would not remember.
Angelo nodded. “I thought you might want these before you make your way to the door, yeah?”
“Sherlock?”
“No,” John scoffed. “No, I’m sure she’s not.”
They rode the tube in silence, John occasionally glancing at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock gave no indication that he’d noticed, instead staring intently at the text conversation he was having with Mycroft’s PA.
?” Sherlock asked softly.
Sherlock bolted from his chair to follow John to the door. “Tomorrow? But we have to go through the emails from the Singh case!”
He took John’s hand and led him to the single bed in the corner of the room—what must surely have been Sherlock’s own childhood bed. It was still made with fresh sheets and cosy duvet, with a colourful old quilt folded neatly at the foot.
Mycroft dropped ungracefully into his chair. He had underestimated how badly the broken bond would affect John, but he’d understood, generally, how difficult this would be for John and little Christopher.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back.
John moaned, long and loud. “Christ, I am too…gonna come if I keep…”
“What do I do?” Sherlock begged, edging closer. “What do you need?”
“Mmm-mouth. There.”
"Uhmm, yeah. That would be nice. Do you want to take my number?"
John blinked at him, finding it harder and harder to focus his thoughts. “Nest? You made a nest?”
“Aside from the arguments over names, yeah. Who the hell would name their kid ‘Alphonse?’”
Sherlock sighed. It was all going to be so hopelessly boring. “Yes. I couldn’t talk them out of coming to the bonding celebration. Fortunately, they weren’t all that interested in the civil ceremony. My mother thinks it’s a terribly tacky modern affectation.”
John slumped back into his chair. His patient was smiling now — Sherlock Holmes was very, very pleased with himself.
Sherlock frowned a little, scrunching his nose up as he struggled to understand what he’d said or which social cue he’d missed. He would ask, of course, when they got into the cab or when they reached the flat. Sometimes, if they had time, he would ask right at the time.
Sherlock turned to look into John’s eyes. His dear face was so near; John had stretched out beside him on the bed.
“You leaving, too?”
“Yes?” John turned to face him.
“God, I just hate being away from her. It tears my guts out, you know?”
John startled at the sound of the familiar voice. His gun hand dropped along with his jaw as he followed Sherlock into the red brick and grey stone cottage.
“Are you sure you don’t mind?”
At the mention of his ex-wife’s name (was it possible to be an ex-wife if you’d never legally been married?), John’s expression darkened.
And for some reason, they never agreed to visit Scotland Yard’s Museum of Crime.
“Oh, no,” John assured him with a kiss to the end of his nose. “Nowhere else in the world I'd rather be.”
John nodded. He winked up at Sherlock and squeezed their joined hands. Sherlock could not help the smile on his face.
“My goodness,” John remarked, emerging from the car and retrieving the car seat from Sherlock. “I thought they’d moved in months ago.”
"I'm glad," Sherlock said a little breathlessly. "I'm glad there's something only I share with you."
Mary sighed. “So what now?”
Sherlock tried to turn into John’s body, writhing to be nearer as John plundered his mouth. John fumbled at the lapel of Sherlock’s jacket, finally managing to slide a hand beneath to cup Sherlock’s pectoral.
“It’s a fairly effective method for keeping an alpha in rut from attempting a bond.”
“Stubble,” John chuckled.
Sherlock could feel his ears turning pink. He cleared his throat and glanced around to see if anyone was looking from the few tables nearby that might be able to see or hear them.
Sherlock nodded once more.
John’s cheeks warmed.
"Damn our
He gave me one of his charming smile that only I alone could ever had the pleasure to witness.
"Goodness, no! It was usually me that got worked up over nothing. He was a gentle fellow but a mighty lazy one. Too lazy to even spread the jam on his toast, too lazy to even pour his own coffee. Mind you, we were no rich family, so things needed to be done without blushing housemaids."
"Faster, please, Watson!" It was a helpless plea and because of my companion's breathless gasps, I must press on.
"Oh, John. You look absolutely debauched. Those glasses making it hard for me to sit still. The wondrous effect it has on me. I can have you on the table if you are willing?"
"Quite so." I let out a nervous laugh.
The sound of my Christian name that was uttered from Sherlock Holmes himself sent a shiver down my spine and I could not help but cover my face because I knew how ridiculous I would have looked in front of him.
"Certainly, Holmes. What would you like me to read?"
I knew Holmes was not convinced with my understanding when I saw him rolled his eyes in front of me.
As for myself, I was in more danger of collapsing from sheer exhaustion on the stairs rather than Holmes himself who could easily tolerate endless nights without a single visit to his bed.
"For all that is love and good, please, do not call yourself a freak nor even give a thought about it. I will not stand for it! You showed me affection that I felt was not even worthy for me to have! You are all the praises that I have written and I would write heaps and piles more so please..."
There came a time when I made mistakes in my life. Some rather trifling that goes unnoticed by Holmes like spilling coffee on the breakfast table. Some mistakes rather significant such as during cases when I fail to follow his order to the letter and yet he would still forgive me.
"I am such a bloody idiot, Watson."
I looked down to see his tender smile and eyes staring at me as if I were the one who should be praised. "Thank you, Watson. I truly appreciate your words but I must stand my ground. I do not want these cases to be published no matter how horribly you have written and edited it. Besides, you might eventually turn this into a bedtime story for young boys." He grinned as he rose up to his feet then making his way to the breakfast table.
"Up you get. I already drew the bath for you earlier but I was surprised to see you still not bathed even. Honestly, my dear, a man has only so much patience." I huffed.
The soldier part of me was yelling in my head, telling me to stop this irresponsible habit of mine. But, the other stubborn part of me that literally indulges the excitement of gambling was encouraging me to do the opposite. 'Refuse at all cost. Will you seriously hand over your checkbook to Holmes? Have you really reached a new low in your life, Watson?,' the voice inside mocked and laughed.
Before I could even ask Holmes what has he been engaging himself these past five days, I gasped in horror seeing my dear friend's current and most frightening state. His face was pale as a ghost, his body shaking like a leaf under the mercy of a windy day, lips cracked, his arms were wrapped tightly around himself, his teeth were chattering violently that it prevented him from forming the sentences that he wanted to say.
"Yes. Lovely observation, Watson!" He said as his music didn't seem to be slowing down one bit and so our argument proceeded with Beethoven being the background noise.
"Mr. Ian Fowler, sir. I say, it's an honour of meetin' you, Mr. Holmes."
He sighed deeply in reply but I could see the corners of his thin lips, tugging into a weak smile. "I advice you keep those expectations low, Doctor." He said quietly as he found my hand that was gently petting his head.
"Are you expecting me that I know where every single object is placed and where they might be if they are missing? So now I have been reduced to a mere bloodhound where my one purpose is to fetch everyday things of no value so as to satisfy my masters, is that it, Watson?!" I could see his fists clenched into a ball and he was trembling from head to toe with anger. As for myself, I just about had enough.
I could feel the colour rise to my ears and cheeks when I realised that he had not stop watching me even after I met his eyes. His cup of coffee still in his hand but it never met his lips. His breakfast laid out in front of him was rapidly growing cold and this morning's newspaper sat quietly beside him with pages undisturbed.
"Y-Yes. It is a fluttery feeling. You want to protect the ones you hold dear so that you will never see them suffer as long as you are still breathing."
"Am I a freak, Watson?" He finally said aloud.
In an instance, I swifty helped him into his black waistcoat and buttoned it up from the waist to his chest then smoothing it out with the flats of my palms once the fabric fitted snugly against his slender body. Next, I grabbed his fine grey jacket in which Holmes had already laid it out on his bed. I smiled timidly when I realised that the jacket he had picked out for this occasion was one of my most favoured outfits of his. Holmes moved gracefully into the sleeves of the jacket and continued to attach the grey buttons by himself while I, on the other hand, adjusted his collar and lapels so that no crease or wrinkle were visible. Holmes did not hesitate to lift his head up when I started to work myself with his cravat so that he would give me enough room to see.
I pushed the glasses higher on the bridge of my nose as I was about to devour my eggs and bacon.
"You don't need my permission for that, Sherlock. I would gladly oblige." I climbed onto the tangled up bedsheets and settled between his spread legs with a grin. I leaned forward with both my hands planted firmly on his thighs. I gave him the kiss that he so politely asked for as Holmes cupped my face so that he might receive more than just a simple brush of our lips. His mouth sweet and heated against my own made my breath quicken. I realised that Holmes had just woke up and he was so deliciously warm beneath me.
"Yes, Watson."
Holmes extended his arm and gave me a quick handshake. Before I could utter my false name, Holmes rushed over to his desk and place a bouquet of flowers wrapped in yesterday's paper. He turned towards me and gave me fleeting smile.
How could I refuse such an offer!
"No! Do not misunderstand, John. I do find your company nothing short than pleasing....but you know how I am. I can't quite help it." He said as his gaze settled on his slipper covered feet.
"It's quite nice of you John to...do all those nice things. The chocolates, the flowers, sorting out the mail. I appreciate them. I do. You've been nice to me for so long and I have been building walls between us."
I wore those glasses frequently but it was only because it stirs a certain detective and turns him into a flustering mess.
"I see no problem in that. My dear Watson, I'll show you how absolutely breathtaking you look with those glasses on."
"Yes! That must be it! Oh, I have been as blind as a bat. No wonder I turn to gruesome murder cases for entertainment or find relief in cocaine rather than settling down to start a family or some nonsense like that-"
I breathed out a relieved sigh when our landlady did not question any further on how could I have possibly managed to wear Holmes's moose coloured dressing gown by accident. I said to her that it was no harm and requested the tea should be served quickly for I was both thirsty and starving. Mrs. Hudson obliged and quickly huddled downstairs and brought the tea in a matter of minutes. Once I was alone in the cold sitting room, I arranged the bowls of oatmeal on the same empty tray alongside two cups of steaming tea. I made sure Holmes's cup had one lump of sugar, just the way he fancies it in the morning. I grabbed the tray and made my way towards his bedroom. When I nudged the door open with my elbow for my hands were quite full, I was happy to see my dear Holmes already sitting up upon his bed with his black hair sticking out in odd ends.
“A baby,” Greg marvelled. “I’m going to have a baby!”
“I know,” Sherlock said.
John took it, feeling a bit silly shaking hands with Sherlock Holmes when he’d been snogging him only moments before—even if it was pretend. “John Watson.”
“Somewhat.”
“So we have one more house to look at tomorrow.”
Hang what, Sherlock wondered.
“My name is John,” he repeated.
_________________________
“You’ve sustained fairly severe burns on your left side. You also have several other injuries — punctures, lacerations, broken ribs…and you’re missing three toenails.”
And so it ends...or does it?
“No, don’t just grab it like that — jesus! Do you have any idea what that’s worth?”
“Sit. Still.”
“You left me for a moment. Is something the matter?”
John’s bad hand curls into a fist. He wanted desperately to lash out: If you felt that way, why the hell did you ever let our relationship go anywhere? Why did you marry me? Why did you lie about how you felt? Why did you take on Rosie with me if I—we—weren’t what you wanted?
He turned and glanced at John over his shoulder; his doctor winked at him. Sherlock smiled back and continued on to the spot where Lestrade was speaking with the boy who had been kidnapped.
? Is there a chemical reaction at play, related to scenting? I should be testing— ”
“Bed?” Sherlock asked.
“So you made me a murderer,” Sherlock muttered, following Janine’s movements back through the room to the fireplace where she retrieved a loaded handgun from the mantel.
John knocked on the half-open door to the sitting room, feeling a bit silly doing so at 221B.
Sherlock strode into the room, hands stuffed into the pockets of his trousers. He stopped in front of John’s chair and waited. “You’re over-reacting.”
John sighed. “Yeah, just my luck.”
“Yes,” John agreed, feeling a little sheepish. “I know.”
John turned slightly, pulling his elbow from Mary’s grasp. “Mary? What’s going on here? Where is Margo?”
As promised, John was out on the pavement within the allotted time. He hadn’t bothered to tidy up, but had simply pulled his clothes from that day back on. He was led to a black saloon with tinted windows, and seated alone in the back. His companion disappeared into the front seat beside the driver, separated from John by a smoked glass partition.
“Why do you ask?”
He was interrupted by the squeaking sound of a nail removing itself from plaster. Sherlock and John both jumped sideways as Mr. Blue Skull slipped to the floor with a bang.
“But you know what Dr. Awiti said!”
“Afghanistan. How did you know?”
Sherlock sat at his desk and swivelled to stare at John. “There is nothing wrong with focusing on work.”
John nodded, still dazed. Sherlock tucked John’s hand into the crook of his elbow and they turned back toward Baker Street.
“Please!” Kit crowed, looking very pleased with himself. He flopped forward to give John a messy kiss.
“I was thinking I might find a tie. Or some braces,” John said into his ear. “Do I want to know why you keep handcuffs with your socks?”
“Ah, ah, ah....John. Oh, god....”
The tension that had been tying knots in his shoulders for days (weeks, months) dissipated in an instant.
“Oh, god. NO! John? John wake up right now. Don’t. Just don’t. Please!”
Mycroft regarded it with a critical eye. “You really must find somewhere more suitable to live.”
John felt heat rushing to his face. "I'm married to Sherlock now, yeah."
But Sherlock was already busy tugging at his own clothes. John began to understand and tried to help. He shoved Sherlock’s shirt up and out of the way. Their fingers tangled in haste and desperation as they struggled with Sherlock’s fine wool trousers. Soon though, John was pulling at the dark briefs, anxious to get to the thickening alpha prick he could see outlined beneath them.
“Please. Ta.”
He froze at the sound of his name. His name in…Sherlock’s voice. Oh, god. He was hallucinating.
“It was a gift from my parents.”
“You need to come back to me. Please. You can’t do this to me twice,” John whispered. “Come on. I know you’re in there. I know you’re itching to go after whoever did this to you. Wake up, now.”
“You have so much to say,” John said. “I can’t wait until we start to recognize all the words.” The baby whined a bit when John picked him up. “Now, now. You’re all right. It’s time for lunch!” John glanced up at the sound of footsteps on the upper stairs. “Oh, and it sounds like Papa and Kit are finally coming to join us, too.”
“Why would I care that he was an omega?” Sherlock asked, puzzled. “I
Kit wrinkled his nose in disgust.
“Of course you can,” Sherlock assured her. “I decorated it especially for you.”
Charles Magnussen was certainly disgusting enough that Sherlock felt some lingering interest in seeing him brought down. It felt strange considering taking it on without John, but he had been thinking about it. How he might draw the man’s attention.
Sherlock stopped in front of him and sat on the coffee table. He took John’s hands. “I was going to tell you, but I wanted to wait until we knew the rest.”
“But you loved them two days ago,” John said, puzzled.
“I didn’t notice it coming. Why didn’t I notice it?”
“Are you…all right?”
Sherlock tries to expand John's dancing repertoire.
John thumbed at Sherlock’s slit, now dewy with pre-come. Sherlock emitted a high-pitched whine; his hips began to lift from the sofa. John stilled his hand.
“Whatsa matter?” Kit asked cautiously.
"Oh, dear. And how are you doing with that?"
“You don’t want to hear this.”
It was a fairly open and shut case: a kidnapping that had resulted in a standoff. The police had been unwilling to advance, as the kidnapper had been threatening his young victim, but John and Sherlock had already found their way inside the building. Sherlock had never been prouder of his mate than he was at that moment—John had drawn and fired without a second thought. His aim was extraordinary, hitting the kidnapper right between the eyes. The man had died before he could do any harm to the boy in his grasp.
Holmes, having found out my recent visits to my club and after casting the briefest glance at me, he was able to see right though me. He knew instantly that my wallet became emptier after my nightly visit but I tried my best to hide the traces of evidence from that observant creature. Alas, any man or women that walks past Sherlock Holmes might as well confess his or her darkest secrets to him for there is nothing a mere mortal could hide from him.
After the talk I had with Mrs. Hudson, I went out and took a long walk around Hyde Park and soon reached a conclusion to this mess.
"Are you trying to
He pops out, more often than I can bear, out of the blue and mostly whenever I least expect it. He bears not a single resemblance to his former self, not until I squint hard at him and finally see his wild grey eyes behind those locks of greasy hair. He could walk by you as a humble fishmonger from the docks and you wouldn't be the wiser. He could even be sitting at your very feet as an old broken begger and you would refuse to meet his eyes for he reeks of rotten vegetable and soot.
"I sometimes wonder as well, why is it that I can never feel the same way as any other man or woman would feel? You could argue that I was born gifted with powers that most people would ever dream of having. Yet, I would brood over these trifling things. I admit that, at times, I feel as if there is something....just not right about me. I enjoy the thrill of a case and the adventures and the details that it provides me."
"By which I mean,
"Good God, Watson! I'm already in my shirt and trousers. Could you not have waited for me in the sitting room rather than charging through my room like a mad bull?"
"Hand it over. Your checkbook. Now." His tone, flat and cold. This was no suggestion. This was an order.
I was ready to leave him. To leave these rooms of ours and never again enter for I have made a blunder which I can never undo.
"That doesn't mean I cannot deduce how absurdly drunk you are. Honestly, I still can not fathom how you are still able to form sentences at this stage." He snapped, his hand waved in such a dramatic way that I had to hold back a chuckle.
"Would you do me one last favour?" Holmes would surely know by now that I would do anything for him. I felt my heart warmed whenever he needed me for something to which I will readily carry out his orders without a doubt.
"A bit early for flattery, don't you think, Doctor. Tea will be up in a moment." She gave a small laugh but before she could find her way out, she paused, titled her head a little to the left like those of a curious bird and stared hard at me.
"I-Is there something the matter?" Feeling embarrassed if any of my outfit was amiss without me noticing it.
My gambling habit makes an appearance and Holmes is not too fond of it. He has his way with me and I am utterly defenceless against him.
Holmes responded to my question by playing the violin even louder than he probably should have. His violin wailed and screeched out the melodies while I could already feel my head pounding from having to face our childish dispute.
I pushed back those thoughts and thought long of what should I be engaging while I await for Holmes's return.
There were times when I found myself somehow wrapped up in Holmes's old dressing gown and when I really did realise it, I insisted on wearing it the entire morning. Holmes never did complain.
"I cannot sleep when my mind is reminded of the these unsettled problems."
"I accidentally took one of your dressing gown instead of mine, Holmes. I hope you won't mind." I said as I set down the tray on his bed. Holmes clasped a hand around his mouth to stifle out his usually loud laughter.
She leaned back against her chair, crossed her arms and pursed her lips.
Holmes smiled warmly at me, proud to see that his lover will finally stop throwing away the well earned money. He moved closer towards me and I found my hands in his slender ones. He gave me a slow gentle kiss with hands that started rubbing the sides of my waist and slowly rising to rest at my breast. Then, his actions started to get a bit heated.
I felt my lips and mustache curl into a wide grin.
His voice was low and sounded almost malicious which left me paralysed for that one moment. I regained my own control and I was content to ease my friend's own straining nerves. If I didn't, he would either end up in the fighting pits or sprawled on the settee with a needle sticking out of his arm.
"On the contrary, Watson. You look quite dashing in my dressing gown. Oh, may I kiss you, my love?" He held out his hands in front of me, inviting me into his embrace with eyes gazing pleadingly at me.
"What? Is it because of your spotless reputation for streams of successful cases?" I said in a playfully mocking tone to which my friend did not seem to enjoy whatsoever.
"Holmes."
My head was starting to ease from the fog that was the result of too much wine and I listened to Holmes monologue with such a peculiar interest. Might it be the drugs that was making my dear companion suddenly trying to tackle the topic of human emotions? I looked at him, his back faced towards me with his old loyal purple dressing gown that fitted loosely on him. I could feel a sudden sadness and pity seeing him in such a state. Haggard, tired, confused. So utterly confused.
"What do you mean you haven't seen them, Watson?" Holmes was ruffling through his drawers, pulling out his neatly folded pairs of trousers from their stacks in a desperate attempt to find his favourite pair of socks.
But that does not excuse Holmes for traveling to his brother's aid. Mycroft would have just wire his local physician rather than summoning his younger brother.
something, Holmes?" I said between clenched teeth.
"Apologies, Watson. You've been an invaluable help to me these last few days and you haven't even had the proper time for a good meal. Let's have breakfast first so that we can continue our more intimate activity." He ran his fingers through my hair as I leaned to the touch of his marvelous hand that has been countlessly praised in my narratives.
"Watson."
"You envy me because I am, as you have stated in your previous works, a cold calculating machine. The brain with no heart. Do not apologise Watson for I did not see it as an insult but rather a compliment...and yet a curse." said he as his voice trailed off into a whisper.
"My pride, Watson! My pride! I have already tainted my reputation more than a dozen times now. At times where I had to go against the law instead of fighting for them. I'm sure you would agree with me after the affair regarding the late Charles Augustus Milverton. Nothing hurts me more than knowing I have failed. This case in specific," Holmes held out his hand for the papers and I gladly gave it to him. He flipped through the pages with his eyes trailing the words in a sort of nostalgic feel. "this man, Jude Hollbrook juggled three separate crimes in his dreadful lifetime. Theft, blackmail and child abduction and that disgusting man slithered through my grasps all because I was too comfortable."
Those were the words of my dear companion that I can faintly recall on that one cold November night. I sat awkwardly on my armchair next to the blazing fireplace, my legs sprawled wide with my back slouched against the soft cushion. My left arm lazily supported my tilted head while the other held a glass of wine. The very posture in which I sat would most definitely resulted with a scold from Mrs. Hudson if she were to set foot in our room.
"Why is that, sir?"
"W-What I am trying to say, Holmes. If you can not feel joy or happiness from human affection. Why do you keep me at your side? If you find me a helpful service, then I am happy but if you no longer need me, then I shall leave." My hands fell from his shoulders and I refused to look at him.
"Is that so?" He said as he cleared his throat, his cheeks tinged pink from my honey coated words.
"Ridiculous? Old? Idiotic?" I snapped at him.
"He's very fond of you, sir."
I paused for a moment to steal a glance at my tired friend. When I did, I was grateful as well as relieved when I saw that he was fast asleep in where he sit. His chest slowly heaving up and down to the rhythm of his soft breathing and the light from the fire that fell on his pale features, sent a shiver running down my spine. I went towards him for I could not resist to feel him under my fingertips. He was beautiful and not a single person can tell me otherwise. I gave him a small kiss on his forehead as I whispered to him a goodnight. I knew he could not hear me but I wished him a peaceful night all the same.
"Spot on." I cheered half mockingly as I raised my glass to make a toast to Holmes's wonderful deduction.
"Yes, my dear?"
"I did just that but she was firm that those socks were not in the laundry baskets before she started her daily washing."
When there is no cases of stolen royal diamonds or Lords and Dukes pleading to us on their knees for our humble service, then that is where I must play a vital role for once.
My head grasped the time of our promised meetings with Mycroft Holmes and before Sherlock Holmes could even utter a single word, I grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him out of the room so that we may fetch our hats and if we were lucky, we might be able to avoid unwanted sibling quarrels regarding my husband's poor sleeping habits.
Where on earth does Sherlock Holmes store his boundless bursts of energy? It seems to me that it can never be depleted whenever his magnificent brain was neglected from its original function to which it was built for. His intense curiosity for the bizarre and his limitless urge to face the criminal world with a mischievous grin and that familiar twinkle in his eyes. He thrives from that very nature.
"Is that just your fanciful way of confessing you are bored?"
"No, Watson! Forgive me for my constant staring but I...I-It's just you look quite–"
"Night-time sounds pleasant. Are you not worried that I might steal that key from you?" I could not hide a grin that stretched upon my lips.
Holmes, quick as a whip and swift as a feline, stood up, leaned forward and kissed me tenderly across our breakfast table. He took his sweet time exploring me, plundering whatever taste that still lingered inside me. I could not help but lean in to the warmth of his mouth, slowly rising from my seat with my palms flat on the table and the faint sounds of silverware clattering beneath me sparking a sense of adrenaline. Holmes moved back and I was under his spell, almost as if trying to lure me into his cleverly built trap. I was breathing heavily when finally our fevered kiss halted and I found that my glasses were crooked and it was in danger of falling from my nose. Sherlock Holmes stood back and smiled at me as if he was admiring a masterpiece that he has triumphantly created.
"Mr. Holmes. May I speak to you?" The sound of Mrs. Hudson voice halted us where we stand. We looked at each other then Holmes proceeded to clear his throat.
"I am a pal of the good Doctor Watson. We were drinkin' friends we was and I came here to pay him a visit. Says he finds me a good soul to talk to over a few tall glass of gin and so I thought I might pop by for a quick chat. But I seem to have gone 'ere at the wrong time, sir."
She's right. As always. He won't hear my cries or pleases of apology. So, I must let time be my ally and hope to God that this would not last long.
Honeysuckle - generous and devoted affection
Whenever I hear the few plucks of his violin strings from our sitting room while I was fully aware that it was long past midnight, then I may as well burry my head underneath my pillows for I knew that a good night's sleep was no longer probable.
"And what will that do, Watson? It will certainly not help to save me from this dreadful state of stagnation! Consuming food is a basic human need for which I can do whenever I please. Besides, you sound like my old nanny or even worse, a wife." He snarled at those last few words but I paid them no mind. If I really were his wife, Sherlock Holmes would not hear the last from me.
"May I have a look at them?" He asked.
"Yes"
"He talks a lot bout you, Mr. Holmes."
Ah, that is my fault, I'm afraid.
"Haven't you made it clear in your stories already, Watson? You praise me awfully too much about my methods, my intellect, my strength and the list should go on even longer as the years crawl by with you by my side."
I tried to lighten up the mood when I realised Holmes fell quiet for a few seconds. Somewhere in the pit of my heart, I felt guilty for bringing up his failures. Yet, his adventures are of wonders! His limitless energy and brilliance poured out into his unsolved mysteries were the one I most adored. How could I possibly stay silent when I knew the stories of a brilliant man who never got more than he ought to deserve?
I laughed outright as I doubled over with my still wet hands clutching my stomach. Holmes's face reddened into the colour of bright scarlet with his lips pressed tightly. "Don't laugh, John!"
"Oh, it might have been obvious to you by now, Holmes." This time he glared at me but fortunately, his tense face softens when he came to a petty conclusion.
"No. I-I promise. I'll stay off the fighting pits and reduce the frequent visits to my club. I'll stop my old habit, Holmes. Please, trust me."
"Then my objective is one from now on. To keep you away from harm and aid you from your tendencies to drink when you are in pain. To keep you closer than ever before because, John Hamish Watson..." He paused and his hand rubbed mine in slow lazy circles.
"Aha! Shame on you, my dear fellow. Violence is never the right way to settle an argument."
Too hot. Too cold. When will the perfect weather greet us?
"Ever the doctor." He grumbled.
"How could you-"
"Oh."
His eyes shut tight while his hands busily searched for his quilts so that he may retreat back to sleep.
I kicked off the covers from my bed with a groan when I could no longer suffer through whatever piece Holmes was playing away so leisurely as if he was in the middle of the day. I stormed into the sitting room with my hair dishevelled and my eyes straining to keep them open. When I saw my friend, he was playing furiously on his violin in the middle of the room like a complete lunatic. His whole body swayed across the carpet while the bow that he held swung almost angrily in the air as if he were frustrated that he could not produce the perfect melody.
I need to win back his love for me.
"I probably made a bit of a mix up when I sorted out both of your laundry, Doctor Watson. Oh, I'm terribly sorry."
"Well, I certainly earned
"In this state, I can hardly deduce which club you've been this time and how much you've lost or gained in cards, I cannot tell."
He paused for dramatic effect and I can't help but laugh along at his more cheerful moods.
"My dear man, let us take a break before you shrivel up from sheer exhaustion and dehydration. We'll continue this case after our minds are cooled."
I sat crossed legged on the carpeted floor with piles of my companion's earlier cases littered around our sitting room. It was another day in which I managed to drag Holmes from the settee so that he may use his energy on organising his mountains of papers and manuscript of his previous works. We were not even halfway through his written cases when I accidentally stumbled upon one of his narratives which were written in such a sloppy manner that it aroused my curiosity. Holmes's handwriting were as clear and precise as a woman's so to see such badly written paragraphs, I could not help but turn my attention to it.
Beware of his love for highly unnecessary dramatic introductions!
"A gift from your late wife, Mary. It holds sentimental value which explains why you rarely wore them as often as you would for fear it might bring back fond memories of her. Yet, you do not neglect to care and polish them because of how those glasses are practically shimmering from the light nor are there any signs of scratches on the lens and frame. But, you are, as you stated, afraid or self-conscious of what people might think of you when you wear them in open public rather than just settling for a good read. You are wearing it today however because a realisation finally dawned on you; John Hamish Watson needs a pair of glasses."
"You delicately planted your traps, hijacked a runaway hansom and saved an innocent child's life and all in one week, I might add! Yes, you failed to capture that vile man but you have helped so much, Holmes. I can already see the groups of young schoolboys admiring you from afar and those old hopeless inspectors are filled with life once more to see such a youth in this day and age."
I managed to grab hold the sleeve of his dressing gown with such force that he nearly tumbled backwards. He snapped his head towards me with such an expression that looked as if he would eat me whole. His eyes, grey as a brewing thunderstorm with no hint of light in them.
Gingerly, I took his hands into mine. I slowly rubbed his knuckles and the pads of his rough fingertips in small circles, hoping my pleading voice might calm him down and hopefully, bring back his patience. Holmes is not a patient man. That is something everyone needs to be informed beforehand if they wish to cross paths with the great detective.
"Why not
At that moment, my heart suddenly felt like it was stuck inside my throat for I was terrified if our loyal landlady should finally see through her tenants' true nature. A widower and a bachelor living under the same roof for many years while solving crimes together as a living would already raise questionable assumptions.
"Good afternoon, sir. Who do I have the pleasure of meeting today?"
I was bold and brave but this felt evidently reckless. I tipped my head forward to close the gap between our faces and eventually our lips met. A kiss. Would it be his very first kiss? I doubted it. How can a man like him not win the hearts' of millions?
I removed my fake beard and pulled up my cap to give him a good view of the real person behind this disguise. I stared at him and sighed. The look on your face was my rewards and yet I could not laugh for you have truly won me over with your heart alone.
"Don't be ridiculous. You're not going to die, you dramatic man." I had to roll my eyes whenever he tends to exaggerate certain matters. My arm suddenly felt tired and the ache in my old shoulder was making itself known. And yet, seeing the distress that showed on my dear friend's face, I decided to ignore the ache and continue the task that I have started. Suddenly, a knock came at the door and in came Mrs. Hudson, holding a tray with what I can only assume was our salvation.
"Holmes, will you please stop staring at me like I'm some sort of exotic creature that managed to wander its way into our rooms."
Orange blossoms - your purity equals your loveliness
"I am a freak! Some sort of being with just a love for brainwork but could not possibly understand human affection and tenderness if his very life depended on it!" Both his hands were ruffling his combed sleek black hair while his eyes twinkled in the moonlight as if he had made a discovery from his chemical test. He smiled almost manically as I stood gaping in horror
"What is it now?" I groaned when he halted me where I stand.
Holmes gave a quick smirk to my statement as he let himself finish the last few buttons of his shirt then made sure his cuffs were securely fastened. "Be my guest, Doctor."
I was cornered by the quick witted slueth hound and I was not the least surprised, he's been chasing down criminals before I even started sharing digs with him. I've gotten myself into this mess and I intend to do everything in my power to get myself out of it. It was mostly temptation that drove me into this predicament for I am a man that loves to take risks, loves to harvest the seeds that I have sow, loves to gamble his spendings away for the pure thrill of it!
"Out of all the things he-" Mrs. Hudson did not finish the sentence for she let out a frustrated breath and patted me gently on my old wounded shoulder.
As I was washing the dishes, I heard footsteps. Small and light. I knew it was Holmes, at once. I didn't dare turn around for I thought he might have come down to grab himself a light meal or ask me to brew the tea for lunch. Suddenly, I felt a tug on my sleeves.
And so I fled. I retreat downstairs to Mrs. Hudson who actually heard the whole calamity that erupted upstairs. I sighed and shook my head when she saw me descending the seventeen steps of stairs like I was some child who got a good scolding from his mother.
"What was that about, Holmes?" I asked him as Holmes was now moving towards his own desk.
"How about we sit down for lunch? Mrs. Hudson has already brought up the tea. She even made your favourite buttermilk biscuits which I specially asked her to bake. Now, for heaven's sake Holmes, do please sit down."
"I would like to invite you to my bed." I could feel him smile against the back of my neck. His nose nuzzling affectionately on top of my head as if he were a cat who wanted nothing more than to bask on top of his master's lap.
"Now, now, Doctor. You are angry, I'm sure but you will undoubtedly thank me later," He paused to store my checkbook inside his drawer, safely locking it up with a golden key and storing it inside his trouser pocket.
"John, my dear."
On one crisps February morning was no exception. Sherlock Holmes was at it again. The lean tall figure of Holmes was pacing restlessly in front of me with his face clearly irritated beyond words and his twitching fingers clasped tightly behind his back. His eyes darting around the room, searching for God knows what. Meanwhile, I was comfortably seated in my armchair with my face hidden behind the morning papers. The sound of Holmes thumping footsteps became the only sound that I had to bear with through my read. After realising that I could no longer follow an article which I was quite enjoying for the sound of his feet grew louder by the second, I tossed the newspaper on the floor and sat up.
"I owe you a sincere apology. It turns out my socks were mixed with the little maid's own laundry. Mrs. Hudson would never believe I owned such a sock as these." He said with an apologetic tone as he revealed the socks from his back. A pair of dark brown socks with stitched patterns of white honeybees scattered across the fabric. A silly yet charming little thing Holmes deeply loved from his brother. My anger faded away when I saw how much he valued it. I stepped forwards and gave him a firm kiss on the lips and he returned it gratefully with a satisfied hum.
"My dear Holmes!"
"Most definitely, my love. I missed your gentle touches against my skin, the kisses you would give to me on my aching war wounds, the very scent of you each time I wake up in the morning to find you underneath my blankets. So, I will
"Don't think you'll be hearing the last from me, Mr. Holmes." Our long suffering landlady patted me on the arm and I could not stifle the chuckle that escaped my lips.
Holmes went downstairs to ring up the drinks while my eyes settled onto the bouquet of flowers on Holmes's desk. I stood up and peered closer for better inspection.
That very question nearly made me spit out my drink because his statement was pure horrific shock to me. For Holmes to say something as absurd as calling himself a freak was beyond something I could ever imagine. I stood up, placed the glass cup on the mantelpiece and walked over to him. When I finally stood beside him and placed a firm hand on his tense shoulder, he flinched from my sudden touch, he turned towards me with a face like those of a child. He looked at me with pleading eyes, like he was begging me for an answer that I knew, I could never give.
He lunged towards me and kissed the very breath out of my lungs. He squeezed me tight, pressed his soft lips firmly against mine and both his hands were cupping my jaw so that our foreheads touched and our nose nearly brushed one another. I could feel him giggle against my lips after we finally parted mouths to take deep breaths.
"He tells me of your first meetin'. Says you were the best thing that popped into his lonely life. He tells me of how you are a very smart man. A prodigy, he says," I gave a hearty laugh in my altered rough voice when I saw how much these words were affecting the detective. His eyes grew wide while the blood rose to his cheek and ears to create a lovely blush along his milk like skin.
"Oh, yes. Yes, I will." I nodded quickly, promising to behave in the future and watch over my spendings wisely. Yet, there was that same voice at the back of my head, taunting me, saying that it will only be a matter of time before those words of mine are noting but empty promises. I swallowed thickly. "I promise, Sherlock."
"My dear John, I have already made reservations for two. I will feed you untill you are fat and warm and take you to my chambers and proceed to witness the softest parts of my sweet Boswell."
As for myself, I was weary and most noticeably, tired from having to fan Holmes while he tried his best to go through the evidence he managed to collect. Documents, telegrams, letters, today's newspaper from different printing press, all of them, pilled into miniature mountains in our sitting room. A cramped space with the thick air of the most foul smelling black tobacco and not to mention this year's most unforgiving heat. For all it's worth, it might probably be the death of both of us. Mrs. Hudson strode across the sitting room, nearly tripping over the piles of telegrams as she cursed under her breath and with one swift move, she ripped the blinds to reveal the blinding sunlight from outside. Holmes howled in horror when the piercing light fell onto his face as he scuttled off and hid behind me, clinging onto my sweat covered back. Mrs. Hudson unlocked the windows of our rooms and opened them with such force that the piles of papers were scattered like autumn leaves due to the sudden fresh gust of wind. I suddenly could breathe easily when my lungs were finally filled with fresh air and the gentle breeze from outside was heavenly. I turned around to see Holmes glaring daggers at our landlady who was opening every window in our stuffy lodgings.
"I assure you, if you sit down, you will feel much better. Sometimes the mind will listen to the body if it is tricked that the body is in a stabil state."
"I'm glad to hear that, John. I don't want you to share the same fate as your late brother, you know. This could be the first step."
"For the love of God, Holmes! It's two in the morning!" I cried out to him while my hands held tightly onto my pillow that I somehow decided to bring along with me.
"If you do not wish to lunch then I merely beg of you to sit down beside the fire with me."
Holmes is a queer man. The things that upset him are absolutely and without question, ridiculous. Over small things, he gets worked up and what am I to do, but to cheer him up.
I suppose after suffering through numerous times that Holmes has made a fool out of me then proceeding to laugh, claiming my shocked expression was the most funniest thing he has laid eyes upon, I decided that it was
"Shampoo this time, Mrs. Hudson. Shampoo."
"Well, in cases such as this one, it reminds me somewhat of my quarrels with my late husband. He was a gentle fellow."
"Holmes, do be careful on the stairs. Are you even awake?"
"About what exactly?" His brows scrunched up in confusion which was one of his rare expressions.
Holmes leaned closer and once again our foreheads met. He slowly closed his eyes and hummed. I watched him for quite a while before finally breaking this enchanting trance.
"No, please, I will die without you, John!" I could see sweat dripping from his lovely pale neck and how his tongue was almost hanging loose like those of a dog.
"Says he loves you, sir."
"I will do the same, my dear. I will do my hardest to pull you away from your black moods and old habits. Keeping you strong on your feet at times you need it the most. I am at your service when those dark days of unsolved cases were to engulf you. Most definitely I will make you a happy man because..."
"The people who pass through our doors range from many backgrounds but they share a common look in their eyes, body language, facial expression and so on. Fear, nervousness, restlessness, pale features, lack of sleep, strained nerves. These are the details they share but I cannot say the same for you, Mr. Fowler. Pray tell what is your purpose here?"
"What is it, Watson?"
Sherlock Holmes merely chuckled at my words and continued to give me the full details of his successful case. I listened eagerly at his story and asked him a few questions to which he happily replied. I believe that I could never grow tired of his eyes whenever he is telling the tales of his adventures and how he could come to the conclusions of his remarkable deductions. His grey eyes sparkled under the fire as the blood returned to his cheeks.
"He tells me of how he finally spoke the truth to you. Ah yes, it was on a summer's day, I believe. A truly hot day it was. Just like this one. Says it was the biggest risk he ever took and it was the happiest thing he's ever done."
I woke up before the clock struck eight then realising that I was absolutely famished. I got out of Holmes's bed with him still sleeping like a log beside me. I rewarded him with a kiss on his forehead then stumbled to the washroom to settle my toilet needs. A splash of water to my face, a quick shave of my itchy stubble and a good combing of my dusty blonde hair and moustache. Already I felt refreshed and recovered but the feeling of drowsiness in my system still refused to be dismissed. My eyes still straining to keep them open as I sat myself down at the breakfast table. A knock came at the front door and instantly, my face brightened when I knew breakfast was within arms reach.
"As long as you forgive me, Holmes. I didn't mean any harm. Over a shampoo, that is."
I nodded to his statement as I sat up to browse through the rows of books on the shelves near the fireplace. My fingers ghosting over the spines of my familiar collection of novels when one special book caught my eye. I pulled it out and gazed at the faded tittle and smiled.
Holmes noticed the book that I have picked but said nothing. Instead, he slowly closed his eyes and let his head rest against the cushions.
Holmes stopped playing. He gave his full attention towards me but his violin and bowstring were still in his grasps. I walked towards him with slow careful steps until my body was inches away from his. I met his grey piercing eyes and tenderly my hands roamed around his strong waist as I tried my best to look pleadingly at him like a lost puppy.
" I made sure to emphasise those words so that maybe he would stop creating a mess of his rooms. "You have other pairs of socks that looks as good as your most cherished ones."
Despite our heated situation, we were rudely interrupted when the sound of my rumbling belly startled the both of us. We looked at each other for a split second before I buried my face against Holmes's chest in a hopeless effort to hide my reddening face from him. Meanwhile, Holmes's shoulders shook from laughter as he gently lifted my chin so that he could meet my eyes. I tried helplessly to avoid his piercing gaze but the struggle was a fruitless one.
"Dashingly handsome." He blushed as he said those words.
“Ah.” John studied his client for a moment. “You knew this already, didn’t you?”
“You’re right,” John said finally. “You’re absolutely right. I apologize.”  He took a sip of his coffee and, finding it exactly as he would have ordered it himself, he smiled. His eyes crinkled at the corners.
“Sherlock.” John wrote the unusual name with a nod. “And he is how old?”
"Are you worried about being out?"
“Lucky for me, then,” Sherlock said.
“Oh, god, yes,” John whispered.
John’s soft laughter rumbled in his chest. “I think maybe we should take a minute to, uhm…” He tugged at Sherlock’s jacket.
“And make some lists of things that will need to change around here.”
“’S good. Plan.”
“Because I am a specialist and well-respected in my field,” John said calmly. “We decided to add sex surrogates to the practice and they want me to be there for the interviews today.”
“My…tastes? No, Sherlock,” John started shaking his head. “No, I don’t
“Gregory,” Mycroft said warningly. He stepped in front of the omega and stooped to gather Kit into his arms. “Hello, Kit. Come and give Uncle Greg a kiss.”
“Who in the world could that be?”
Sherlock looked genuinely horrified. “Why on earth would anyone want to do
“Is there documented evidence of altered taste perception after imprinting? The influx of hormones after bonding would certainly have an effect— ”
“Oh, christ, yeah. Oh, yeah. Just like that…”
Mary shook her head. “He’ll kill you. Jimmy will kill you this time, John. He’ll see how much Sherlock loves you.”
“And you squared it with Greg after the whole fake-Ripper thing.”
John leaned in with a wicked look as he whispered, “And I want you to remember that I can’t wait to get you home later.”
John sank back onto the dildo and let the knot pop through his swollen hole. His body contracted around the object inside his passage as he shot his load out all over the shower curtain.
Sherlock regarded his short, sandy-haired, older mate with a critical eye. Handsome, of course. Clever. Kind. Brave. Loyal. Fiercely protective. “That was never in doubt, John. Believe me. You’ll understand soon enough.”
“I see,” Sherlock said evenly.
“And more recently you’ve resorted to heroin.”
“Dad,” Sherlock said gently. “How are you?”
“Of course it is. Why wouldn’t it be — ” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “John asked you to come and check up on me.”
_______________
Sherlock knew, whatever happened, Lestrade would be able to make any potential charges against John disappear—or Mycroft would. Still, he disliked the feeling of leaving his mate in distress.
Sherlock felt a rush of pleasure at the child’s consideration. This was heightened by the “I told you so” expression on John’s face.
The rest of the drive was peppered with Francine’s questions about the forms they’d filled out and their “costuming.” Sherlock insisted he would wear his coat both days. Francine attempted to make a case for some variety. John snickered at both of them during the exchange.
“I don’t.”
“Is there any—”
“Did it work?”
“The engraving.”
“I…can’t,” Sherlock panted. “Not without you.”
“Oh?”
Turmoil. Rending.
“When I thought I’d lost you, I was dead,” he said, his voice shaking. “There was nothing left. I’d come back from the brink when I met you and I knew I couldn’t do it again. Not when I’d lost the one person who made me feel alive. I’d missed my chance and you were gone. I couldn’t—” John choked on the words. “Mary patched me back together, but I wasn’t the same. And then you came home. I was so angry with you for what you’d put me through, and so proud of you for doing what you did—what you went through chasing down all those criminals. And I was so desperate for you to tell me that you did it all for me. I wanted it to be for me.”
“Oh, god…”
“And you?” John asked gently. “This was your first experience. Your first shared rut. Was it…okay?”
"Not good. I'm not myself. Not eating. Nothing cheers me up."
“Mary.”
“Is it?”
Mycroft’s PA smiled, not taking her eyes off her phone. “I don’t mind.”
After a quick stop for coffee, he took the tube to Bond Street. He'd spied something for Sherlock at Gray's a week ago, when they'd passed through on a case. He'd asked the chap to hold it for him, and had been planning to pick it up for their anniversary. Sadly, he hadn't had the heart on the day. Now though...
“Good. I’ll mark it down.”
"Well, you know I've had a hard time with my job with everything."
“Yes, Sherlock?”
“And I sleep too much sometimes,” John sighed. “We are neither of us perfect, Sherlock. This isn’t a fairy tale. I am scarred, and I still have nightmares. I have a temper. I have trust issues.”
Mary froze. John waited patiently as she worked it out.
It was glorious.
“’First, do no harm…’”
Sherlock sat up and beamed at him. “Well, then, it’s a very good thing you have help.”
At length, John heard Sherlock sniffing him.
John nodded. He shuffled into the room and dropped onto the edge of the bed. “William?”
“John,” Sherlock wheedled.
“FASTER!”
John let that settle for a moment, refusing to meet Sherlock’s knowing gaze. He’d never told anyone about the rush he felt in dangerous situations. He’d hardly even admitted it to himself.
“But why…”
“I’m sorry I’m not—”
John lifted his head from his tasty morsel and met the younger man’s dilated eyes. “I have…in my bag…”
“Fine, Granddad,” Kit said shyly, beaming.
John inspected the coat, feeling the sleeves and checking the lining for any sign of tampering before putting it into one of the plastic bins to be taken to x-ray.
“Hmmm?” John turned to where his alpha was now standing with his back against the closed door.
John drew back from the embrace only far enough to grasp the handsome face with both hands and cry, “God, how I’ve missed you!” before covering the stranger’s lips with his own.
“I’ve made you uncomfortable,” Sherlock said softly.
A handful of passengers talked and laughed as they made their way down the dull grey surface of Platform 1 and ducked into the First Class Lounge through one of the ornate arched doorways in the white promenade wall.
Sherlock was loathe to release John's nipple, but he knew it would be somewhat oversensitive now. He let it pop from his mouth with a delicious slurp and dropped his head to John's shoulder. John's hand freed itself from Sherlock's curls and one lovely strong arm curled around him to draw him close.
John’s initial shock faded and fury flooded his veins. HIS alpha. HIS.
“Greg, darling, let me get you some more potatoes.”
John glared at his mate. He set Kit down on the floor next to Mycroft and knelt beside them. Kit leaned in between Mycroft and Greg, looking very grave as he patted Mycroft’s cheek.
John dropped to a crouch beside Kit. He was standing on tiptoes beside his baby brother’s day cot, watching six-week-old Andrew Arthur James sleeping. Kit had been remarkably gentle with the baby from the moment Mycroft and Greg had brought him to the hospital.
“Oh, yeah,” Greg said, rolling his eyes. “My sisters have been planning for weeks and this one—” he jerked his thumb in Mycroft’s direction. “Has been buying out every shop in London.”
“It’s hardly an unusual story. As an enlistee, you trained as a military sex surrogate. Then you went on to complete medical school.”
John kissed him, not so much to stem the tide of a tangent that had the potential to distract his young lover from more physical pursuits (though this was something John was beginning to realize might be a possibility) but because he could not resist Sherlock’s beautiful mouth when it was so full of clever, clever ideas. Sherlock bent to receive the kisses, stroking so deeply inside John’s mouth that John’s knees began to buckle. Sherlock held him firmly, with one hand clasped behind his head and one kneading his left buttock.
The first stroke came as a surprise. Sherlock arched off the bed as the leather slapped against his bare bottom. It was not as hard as John could strike him, he knew, but neither was it merely for show. There would be marks. Marks that John made.
Another pause, during which John allowed himself to slump in defeat.
Sherlock leaned forward and tugged at one corner of the wrapping. His brows lifted as he saw the familiar blue background. “Mr. Blue Skull.”
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled with mirth. “No, you couldn’t. One rarely sees artillery fire in Sussex.”
“Sherlock. Please. I need you. Touch me.”
Sherlock hit the deck; John took shelter behind one of the tables and drew his own weapon. He ducked out from behind his cover and returned fire.
John smirked, catching the first drip from his cone with his tongue. “Not a word. What’s the point in being pregnant if we can’t indulge every once in a while?”
Sherlock nibbled and teased and suckled happily while John stroked his head and tugged at his curls.
“You are staying here with me. Alone?”
“Very good,” the server said smoothly. He retrieved the beer glass John had emptied within minutes of ordering it and took his leave.
“Sh-sh-shut....uh-uh-up.”
“I will,” Sherlock promised, pressing a kiss into John’s temple.
Sherlock watched him leave, blinking.
“No one ever need know.”
John dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder blade, desperately sucking air into his lungs. Sherlock was shaking, his arms and legs threatening to give way. John slid sideways, hauling Sherlock with him—still impaled on his cock—until he was sitting on the bottom berth with the taller man in his lap.
“Thanks. Hopefully, we’ll be able to get out of your hair and let you three enjoy your evening together.”
“Yeah, a bit,” John said wearily, referring to the lingering nausea. “It’s worse than with Kit.”
His cock throbbed with need and his entire body was pliant. This was his alpha. His alpha. His own. Sherlock would mount him, and pleasure him and service him, just as he would service his alpha’s rut. They belonged to each other.
"For?"
Sherlock made a non-committal noise, ignoring John’s half-hearted warning and making quick work of John’s flies. He tugged the khaki trousers down over John’s hips, followed swiftly by John’s red pants.
"Oh, right. Package for Watson-Holmes?"
“John, I want to make love with you.”
“Naturally.”
Sherlock whimpered and instantly bowed his head to John's chest. First he placed a reverent kiss to the tip of the nipple he had begun to prepare. Then, with the flat of his tongue, he painted the first stripe over the pink-hued object of his desire.
"Rosie sent us something for our anniversary. If you're interested."
Somehow, thinking about his lovely, brilliant, mysterious patient in Italy made him feel less…hopeless.
“We really will be fine, you know.”
“Uh, well, yes. Yeah. I suppose,” John cocked his head with a grin. “Right down to business. All right.” John took a deep breath and launched into the fact-finding portion of the appointment. “You are an alpha and unbonded. Are you sexually active, and if so, how long have you — ?”
“I realize that you will always have a place in your heart for Victor, but — do you think it might be possible that you could make space there for me as well?” John rushed on. “I know this will be difficult. We’ll need to be careful, of course. And perhaps one day the laws will change! I don’t have any family besides my sister, but she won’t care. And I’m sure we can come up with something to tell Mycroft.”
“John…”
“Oh, god!”
“Yes?”
“Bully for him.”
“I know what that’s like.”
“Huh,” Lestrade said. He didn’t sound convinced. “Is it valuable?”
“Thought I lost you there for a moment,” John said softly. He had both arms looped around Sherlock’s body, and his fingers stroked soothingly over Sherlock’s back.
“Oh, I’m so glad,” Margaret said. She looked down at the man in the bed beside John. “It’s such a shame…”
