He puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, holding him for the last time. The same shoulder where Castiel burned his grace onto a body he would never possess. If he were braver, he would pull Dean closer, maybe. Press their foreheads together in a way he’s longed to do before he ever figured out why he wanted to. Oh, if he were braver, perhaps he’d have the courage to kiss Dean, just once. So he’d know what it would feel like.
“Do you love him?” Sam asks. Voice level. Head straight. The question should make Dean’s throat close up, but Sam doesn’t waiver as he asks it, and so Dean stands his ground, too.
standard for our relationship, yes,” Cas agrees with a sigh. He lets Dean tug him in for another kiss, both of them laughing into it. “It is a big decision, bringing in more lives to take care of, so Sam and I will understand if you need time to think about it.”
Habit nearly makes Cas tell Dean he can stop, that he doesn’t have to do this, that Cas knows what he means without having to hear the words. But it dies in his throat, and all Cas can do is keep blinking at Dean, a little bit stunned.
“I guess,” Claire mumbles, shy now, and she’s such a kid sometimes that Dean can’t help but laugh about it. “It’s just a class. Whatever. I’ll have to talk to my counselor to make the schedule change, though, so.”
It’s small, there’s no denying that, and the ceilings are arched to fit the roof of the house, but there’s the same gothic arched windows up here that there is in the kitchen, and despite how dirty the hallway had been, the attic doesn’t seem nearly as bad.
“I’ll tell him,” Claire says, but there’s shuffling on the other end of the line now and it’s clear that she’s distracted. Dean bites down the impulse to ask if she’d finished her homework before dinner. “Um. I miss you, okay? Yeah. And. Love you.”
If Cas strains his ears and listens hard enough, he can hear the thready beat of Claire’s music and the sound of the pottery wheel she’s been using since she came in with him, even though he can’t see her. He thinks about how she asked if she could come with him to the rec center for his classes today, and how she asked to drive, and how it still makes him nervous to see her behind the wheel even though she’s only a few months away from sixteen but he let her do it anyway.
“Oh, shut up,” Dean mutters, embarrassed as he always gets. He glances at Cas shyly, barely lifting his head but looking at him through heavy lids and thick eyelashes, and he blushes when he sees Cas is already looking back. “Stop lookin’ at me like that.”
Dean manages a smile for Jack, something easy in a way nothing’s been for the last twenty-four hours, and he says, “Cas always had a thing about dramatic entrances, y’know? This was the place I met him for the first time. Raised hell outside and battered against the roof then came in here and blew out almost every light. Never met another angel that liked to announce their presence the way he did.”
“If you say you’re sorry, I’ll reach over and crash the car,” Sam threatens, and Dean snaps his mouth shut. “I told you not to look for me. I asked you to get out, Dean. I’m not. Jesus, man, I’m not gonna hold it against you, it’s not your fault. I’m not…”
There are jokes about chickens that turn into serious debates about how much land they’d need for goats and for cows. There is the way Sam’s hands were shaking when he walked in the door but how the tremor was washed down the drain with the last of the blood he’d missed cleaning from his last hunt. There is Claire in the summertime, staying home more often than Cas expects and carefree in a way she wasn’t last year, and there is Dean who faithfully takes an allergy pill every day so that Cas can pet and feed the stray who wanders to their door every morning that everyone pretends they don’t know about.
“Great,” Cas says, and damn if the fucking smile that takes over his whole damn face doesn’t make Dean feel like maybe,  just this once, giving in was the best call.
Claire goes, rolling her eyes, and Cas puts down his mug so he can wrap his arms around Dean once again and pull him close. Dean is huffy and puffy in appearance but Cas can feel the way the tension bleeds out of him once they embrace. “Dean,” Cas says seriously. “We don’t have to get chickens.”
“And you would let Claire and I move in,” Cas says. The end of his phrase lilts up just slightly, making it less of a statement and almost a question.
Bobby pushes off of his car and adjusts his hat, muttering gruffly, “I know how to tail someone, boy, didn’t need the lesson.”
“We’ve been busy,” Dean defends halfheartedly. He doesn’t know how to explain that the idea of inviting Bobby down scared the hell out of him. If Bobby didn’t think the house was good enough, Dean would damn near die.
It’s quiet in the cab of the Impala as Dean drives the rest of his family toward their inevitable end. The mixtape he’d made for Cas is sitting in the tape deck taunting him. He doesn’t know
There’s a lump in Dean’s throat and a hole in his chest. With fingers that still shake, he texts back,
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says gratefully, looking pleased and awed at the bags of food he holds in his hands. Dean ducks his head before he does something stupid like smile at the guy.
“Yeah, because no one likes tearing up fuckin’ flooring,” Dean tells him. “But now that I know I got real, quality hardwood?” He hums, low and pleased. “Don’t matter if this is the most annoying thing in the world. Finding this under here, means I don’t have to spend money on some knock-off shit to replace the linoleum. Never thought I’d be grateful to the stupid fucks that covered their nice hardwood floors with friggin’
Dean knocks on the door of Lorinda’s house, carefully avoiding the Christmas wreath that is still hung up even though they’re well into March. Inside the house, he can hear thundering steps down the stairs, then a young girl shouting for her mother to come answer the door. It reminds Dean so much of Claire that he can’t help but grin.
He supposes there are certain types of desire that you never get used to after living out the lives of too many heroes, and when he curls around Dean, bare skin pressed together, Cas thinks that there’s a difference between wanting more and wanting something to last forever. He knows what variation it is for him.
“Bout friggin’ time you pick up the damn phone,” Bobby barks out, and Dean sighs. “Retirement mean turning your back on everyone you know, too, or is that just a bonus?”
They share the silence for a while after that, each taking slow drinks of their root beers and looking up at the sky. Cas came back so late that he wasn’t able to watch the sun set, which he would have liked to do, but he thinks he’ll stay for when it rises again. He likes nights like these in Kansas. Clear skies and quiet roads and the hum of the bunker below his feet. He isn’t fully human, not quite yet, but this is as close as he can get for now.
She leads them inside the old farmhouse first, ignoring the goat’s bleats of protest and taking them all to a kitchen where she pours them their drinks in some disposable travel cups that they can take with them once they go back out. “It’s not technically mine,” she admits with a wry grin. “It’s Erin’s name on the lease. I only wanted goats when we first moved out here.”
He straightens up, knees creaking like they always do these days. He drops his gaze to the grass, in front of the cross. The pocket knife he’d left for Sam is gone.
—and, oh, there’s that brief and wondrous moment of hesitation at that, the term not quite strong enough—
“Cas, that’s…” Dean starts. He exhales sharply. “I mean, I know we see some messed up crap, but. That’s fucking insane, man.”
“Nothing will happen to us,” Cas promises. He ducks his face into Dean’s shoulder to try and mask his grin. “Have some faith.”
lame,” she complains, shrugging his hand off her shoulder. “Everyone has friends, Dean. Everyone except you two.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes. His voice is rough even though his words are laced with relief, impossibly young and aged ten years all at once. The condition of his soul startles Castiel, too. Still the most beautiful one he’s ever seen, but quite more beaten than Castiel’s ever seen before. This war has tried hard to claim Dean as a casualty.
It’s late, and she has school in the morning. Still, something makes him pause. Claire has a blanket wrapped tight around her shoulders. She won’t quite look him in the eye. Quietly, she admits, “I can’t sleep.”
“You’ve become a good role model for Jack,” Cas says slowly, instead of any of the other things poised at the tip of his tongue. There are still many things that happened between Dean and Jack that Cas is unsure he’ll ever truly forgive, but Dean is
Hysterically, once he’s alone, he decides that it’s like he’s been written into a mad lib. The proper noun on the first empty line. The rest of it’s been written, will play out the way it has to. It’s just his name instead of Cain’s.
cold up here despite the fact that it’s the hottest day of July that Colorado has seen for several years outside. This could be a liveable room for Claire, if they fixed it up a bit. It’s nothing they haven’t done before.
Dean huffs around a laugh and sits back, deciding now’s as fine a time as any to take a little break. He wipes the sweat off his forehead with the bottom of his shirt before refocusing on Cas and the problem at hand. “Wanna tell me what you’re thinking about, or should I just start throwing wild guesses out there for why you might be in a bad mood?”
“We’re working on it, Cas, you gotta believe me,” Dean whispers, voice fierce despite how quiet it is. His thumb rubs absentmindedly at the tender skin on the inside of Castiel’s wrist. It’s a suffocating reminder of all the things Castiel can truly never have. “I don’t—we’re trying to figure it out, okay? So just. Hang tight.”
The cashier at the grocery store knows Cas by name—knows which type of apple he prefers and knows that Cas’s daughter Claire is a sophomore this year and knows that Cas almost always forgets to grab bread, no matter how many times he writes it on his list. She perks up when she sees Sam and Cas come in.
Dean takes the cup she offers him. It’s cool to the touch, condensation already on the outside of the glass. And she’s right. It is the best damned ice tea he’s ever had. She grins when she tells him as such.
“It will,” Cas tells him with a shrug. He looks back down at the book in his hands before sighing in resignation and putting it aside. It won’t do him any good to continue trying to read with his head throbbing like this, no matter how badly he wants to find out what happens next. Perhaps Cas could coerce Dean into lying down with him, under the pretense of resting, of course. Dean is typically very easily persuaded.
Dean goes back out to the car, instead of waiting for Cas’s response, right as Sam’s closing the trunk of the Impala. Bobby’s at his car, leaning against the hood while he waits. Dean says, “You both ready?”
He’s beautiful. Dean is always beautiful, but there’s something to be said about the way he shines now that he’s free to do so. Dean Winchester is out from underneath God’s thumb, and the world is still turning and the stars are still illuminating the night, and Cas loves him. Oh, he loves Dean more than he can wrap his primordial mind around.
Sam gives him a smile, one that’s mostly an upturn of the corner of his mouth, and his eyes shine like he’s
There was this spell, apparently, and there was Jack’s incomprehensible powers, and there was everyone’s love for Cas. Miraculously, it was enough to get them inside of Cas’s head. And then they waited for Cas, as he relived an entire existence, until he was finally ready.
Christ, they’ve got so much to talk about. Dean’s not even sure they’ve got the time. He’d gotten the unimportant shit, back at Lorinda’s house, but one warning look from Sam had told him to keep his trap shut about anything Hell-related until they were somewhere else. The basics he’d gotten then were limited to finding out Sam woke up three days ago, in front of the Winchester’s old house, and that he’d gone into Lorinda’s diner looking for warmth and a cell phone and left with a couch to crash on so long as he helped around her house until he got what he needed to get the hell out of dodge. Then Dean had showed up.
“I’ll be back soon,” Cas promises, though he’s not sure he’ll truthfully follow through. He lets go of Dean’s hand and pulls himself silently out of bed. The floorboards creak underneath his feet, the way they always seem to do only when he’s trying to keep quiet, but Dean doesn’t stir again. Cas closes the door behind him and goes downstairs.
Cas wakes up gasping, lurching up in bed, clawing at his throat. He expects blood to be dripping from the cut there, expects to see the wisps of his grace as it’s pulled out of him, before he remembers that there’s no grace left to be stolen from him. And there hasn’t been for fifteen months.
“It was one hell of a surprise, Dean Winchester,” Cas tells him, and he kisses Dean to prove it. “And I’m so
When the sun starts to rise, creeping over the horizon at an uncertain pace, Dean calls Lawrence Memorial Hospital and asks about any John Doe’s. The nurse sounds young, and new, and she’s uncertain when she tells him she doesn’t think anyone matching the description he gave has come in.
“I know,” Cas whispers. He buries his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. “It’s going to be alright, though. I truly believe that.”
“I’ll be back,” Dean repeats. He kisses Cas softly. Once. Twice. Wishes he could do more. Hell, he wishes they had the time. Cas’s eyes are still closed when Dean finally pulls away. “Before you know it. Promise.”
Dean breathes in through his nose, out through his mouth. He readjusts his grip on the steering wheel. Slowly, he admits, “Claire’s, uh. My kid.”
“You don’t know that,” Dean insists, even though Cas could argue that he very well does. Still, he doesn’t protest when Dean leans towards him again, pressing a bottle of excedrin into his one of Cas’s hand and a glass of cold water into the other. He covers the spot on Cas’s forehead where his hand had been moments before with a quick kiss. Cas smiles into it. “Doesn’t feel like you have a fever.”
There’s an edge of desperation in Dean’s voice. Castiel wonders if any of this is real, if this is his life as it plays out, or if he’s just going through memories of a life he doesn’t remember living. And how can he even believe
In September, the temperature drops, and though it isn’t enough to frost their windows or ice the sidewalks, it is enough for Cas to constantly feel like he’s never wearing enough layers, and the idea of that baffles him. He dislikes being cold, perhaps more than any other sensation he’s known so far.
“That you were never a parent,” Cas elaborates. “You raised Sam. I know you don’t see it that way, but Heaven did. I did.”
intrigued by and figures out that, financially and physically, all of his renovations will be done by January. It’s a good thought.
“You complained about the task before you started,” Cas comments, when Dean points this out. Cas has planted his happy ass in a folding chair in the part of the dining room that Dean hasn’t touched yet. He’s got an open book in his hands, but he hasn’t really been reading it. Dean knows he’s been on the same page for twenty minutes.
A stone’s throw away, Dean thinks he can see the very tree that Eve plucked her damned apple from. He wonders if she regrets it. Fucking over Adam and all their descendants for something she wanted but knew she shouldn’t have.
and it doesn’t matter if he pushes against the sides to try and stitch it back together. Why isn’t there blood? There must be. There has to be, because he’s been broken clean in two, but there isn’t blood, there’s not—
Dean nods slowly. “I guess that’s a good thing. Last thing we need is Heaven’s Mightiest Dickbags in Bennett. At least they still can’t hear you.”
The motel mattresses suck. The diner food sucks. Filling up the Impala every other day because he never stops fucking driving sucks.
They’re both laughing when Dean throws his sketchbook somewhere in the room without looking and pins Cas down into the mattress. Dean’s eyes are bright. Happiness is one of the greatest looks on him. Dean says, “Tell me more about these many talents I have.”
“For god’s sake,” Dean mutters. He grabs his wallet and shoves it in his pocket, turning on his heel. “Jesus Christ. Okay, alright. Stay here. Keep an eye on the kid, I ain’t dealing with a runaway. I’ll be back in like half an hour.”
“Cas,” Dean says suddenly. Cas hums to tell him he’s still listening. “I, uh. Have a good day, I guess? I don’t know. I miss you.”
“Out of the family business,” Dean says, and he pretends his entire body doesn’t hurt as he says it.
Dean was positive his nose was broken and his cheekbone fractured, but when he reaches up to touch it he feels no pain at all. There’s no fresh blood, either. Just the dried shit on his fingers. Bobby stares at him with wide eyes.
“Yeah, knucklehead, I remember that,” Dean sighs. “I just meant. What’s with the sour look on your face?”
Dean swallows the last dredges of the whiskey and is more careful this time as he sets it down. It helps, this time, that Lisa doesn’t spring the
They both stop in their tracks. Dean’s not sure he’s breathing. He can feel his heartbeat in his throat, and the demon knife clatters out of his sweaty palm and onto the ground with a dull thud. Dean blinks, and he’s still there.
He can feel the heat of it licking his fingertips. His throat is full of smoke. Castiel had never expected fire to be so heavy, but he can feel the weight of it bearing down against his chest. The pressure almost begs him to breathe, but—he can’t. He can’t. If he opens his mouth, the smoke will tumble out, and this whole place will burn to the ground.
“Christ,” Dean mutters. He pushes himself out of his chair and swears under his breath when his foot gets caught under the table. “Why did I want to hang out with you. Asshole. Eat your damn rice. I’m gonna. I don’t know.”
is what Dean had been most afraid of, every time he thought of settling down. The idea of a routine and a life that didn’t change from day to day. He thought he was better suited for the adventure, for the drive, for a different city every week and nothing attached to his name. But as much as he’s used to this now, there’s nothing mundane about this life. It’s not the suffocating routine he’d been so goddamn afraid of for so many years. Maybe it’s Claire. Maybe it’s Cas. Fuck, it could be Colorado for all Dean knows.
“Can I help?” Dean offers, realizing a bit too late that it’s something he should have done sooner, but Lorinda just waves him off.
Standing in the wings, a twisted version of a director for a play with no willing participants, Chuck waits and watches and grins. Ever the writer, the puppet-master, the man behind the curtain with all the grandeur in the world but no true lick of talent when it comes down to it. This is Chuck’s ending. And it’s
At that, Cas comes up short. Even in the pale light he’d be able to recognize the anxiety hiding in the corners of Dean’s expression. No matter who it is, angels are a highly sensitive topic to those who live under this roof. Carefully, Cas says, “If you’re asking me if I wish I were still an angel, then no. I fear what would await me upon my return to Heaven is a fate that I’d rather not know. And I don’t believe I could willingly walk away from this life. From Claire. From you.”
because you’re taking care of me. And you love me so much. Even though this week I’ve been so mean to you and I haven’t stopped crying once. It’s not fair that I get so mad at you. I don’t mean to. You’re a really good dad.”
“I always win,” Chuck says. He takes a mock bow—it’s always a performance with Chuck, Dean realizes, even when there ain’t a single other soul around to watch. “See, that’s what happens when you’re me. You know. The Almighty. Is that all you guys wanted, or…?”
To celebrate the end of the summer, Theresa and Pete put together a huge barbecue, and invite practically every person they know.
“Sometimes it’s just a lot,” Claire breathes out. It’s all a whisper, a secret she must barely feel like she can confess. Cas feels as though he should cup it in his hands and put it somewhere safe. It’s trust she’s putting into him right now, and he’s terrified of dropping it. “Sometimes I just… I think about everything, you know? Angels are real. Demons are real. There are freaking monsters out there, and there are people that
It’s a nice ride home. Dean sings along to the radio, like he always does. Cas rolls down his window and enjoys the nice weather while they still can. And Claire sits in the back, rolling her eyes at the both of them, but Dean catches it when she starts to sing along too. There’s no way to point it out to Cas without being obvious, but. Dean glances at Cas in the passenger seat and sees the small, happy smile on his face and thinks that maybe Cas caught this one all on his own.
Cas watches the news, and he takes note of the strange cases and wonders which hunter will head out there to take it. He wonders, sometimes, if these are omens of something bigger than all of them again. And he scolds himself for thinking it at all.
He stops. Trails off. Cas’s eyes are distant and glazed, but he’s not done. Dean knows enough about him to know that much, so he waits. Gives Cas a minute to get to what he really needs to say.
For as long as Dean Winchester has been praying to him, Cas has sensed every underlying word in the things he chooses not to say. He could make sense of it most of the time but chose to ignore it, until his own feelings got fuddled into the mix and then, impossibly, the reality of it became too difficult for him to wrap his head around.
Cutting through the buzzing of noise that hasn’t quite stopped ringing in his ears, he hears Claire say to the phone, “Please hurry, Sam.”
“I know you didn’t,” Cas promises, and he cradles her head as though she’s far younger than she truly is. She clings to his shirt. She isn’t a baby, and he didn’t know her when she was, but he holds her now and rocks her like she still could be and she lets him and that alone feels like a miracle of a rare merit.
A hole could open up in the floor and swallow Dean whole and it still wouldn’t get him out of this conversation fast enough. He’s not sure what the hell he’s doing. Or, hell, maybe he is. He’d been planning on bringing Cas back with him, hadn’t he? What’s one more person to the tally? A kid, sure, but it’s not like Cas can just leave her here now. And it’s not like Dean can leave Cas. And he has a house, an empty house, and he promised Sam he’d get out and settle down, and this probably isn’t exactly what Sam had in mind but it’s family, right? Cas is family. That makes Claire family, too.
“Hell, yeah, kiddo,” Dean says, celebrating with her. He doesn’t have to fake the pride in his voice, though he hadn’t been worried about her quiz, either. “Knew you’d crush it. Journalism, huh? That something you’re thinking about?”
An even rarer sight in the garden is Claire, who only truly comes out when she’s bored of something inside and a little bit tempted to bother Cas. He never minds that, either. Any time he gets to spend with Claire feels like a gift. She finds him in the middle of planting the lavender that Sam had dropped off the last time he’d stopped by, and she frowns at a patch of dirt near the edge.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Cas reassures her, and in the rearview mirror Dean can see it when her shoulders shrug and relax. “Dean was just given the day off today.”
“Oh,” Cas croaks. The quietness that he’s grown familiar with over the past eighteen months breaks like a dam.
out of the ordinary. Just a normal thing you ask your family on a Saturday at lunch when everyone is home and you have shit to get done. And that’s got to be what’s throwing Dean off so bad, because it
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Cas answers, and he kisses Dean’s jaw before pulling away from him and going to pour himself a cup of coffee. He eyes the bowl of egg and milk mixture that Dean soaks the last piece of bread in before placing it on the pan. Conversationally, he says, “You know, I’ve read somewhere that fresh eggs taste even better than store bought.”
Cas clings to Dean’s hand. He holds Claire’s gaze. They’ll carry each other, if hope is too difficult to shoulder. So his voice doesn’t shake as he says, “They’re terrified. All they can do is talk over one another. But they’re certain. Once they were sure, the first thing I heard… clear as a bell:
He agrees, because it’s not like he has anything else to do, and if he’s being honest, he’d probably still go, anyway, and Cas rolls his eyes when Dean dramatically pulls himself off the couch. “You could go into theatrics, with a performance like that.”
Cas has seen a fair amount of it; more so in the last decade than ever in the remainder of his long existence. Most of it from the Winchesters, though plenty from himself. Deal after deal made and fulfilled all in the name of saving one another. Cas thought he knew the feeling once he started to call them his family, but it had only been a taste of it. The enormity of it only truly strikes him when he’s given the opportunity to save Jack’s life.
“The angels,” Castiel whispers, raw. Castiel’s head starts to calm. Like admitting it had freed him from the overwhelming enormity of his siblings inside his mind once again.
could have been for much better circumstances. But that ain’t the world they got stuck in, and Dean hates that he’s not even surprised something came up right before they could even properly begin.
He’d want to know, even if it was over the phone. And Dean, he isn’t gonna keep this from Bobby, not when he knows it in his bones that he’d be desperate to know as soon as friggin’ possible if it was his kid that had come back crawling out of the ground that buried them.
A tendril of heat caresses his cheek and the back of his neck. With startling clarity in the face of danger, Castiel realizes no one has ever touched him like this. A soft embrace, though it should frighten him, and embedded in it is the air of a promise. If Castiel succumbs to it, he’ll carry the flame for as long as he lives.
Dean sets himself to work cleaning up, though there really isn’t much to do since he wasn’t here all that long before taking off again. He throws his food wrappers away. Pulls Sam’s clothes out of his bag and lays it on the other bed. Toes his shoes off and places them neatly by the door. He feels restless, and he feels like unpacking would make his skin stop itching, but he doesn’t want to settle into this place. He just wants to feel like he’s at home.
Exasperated, Dean argues, “Well, I didn’t check the attic, so who knows what’s up there! Maybe it’s, like. Dormant. Maybe if we go up there, we’re gonna wake it up.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean crows, when the stairs creak underneath Cas’s feet. Claire sits cross-legged on the couch, braiding a bracelet while she watches a show, and she leans into it when Cas touches her shoulder before he passes.
“Have full custody of Claire now, yes,” Cas says. He takes a napkin and wipes ketchup from the side of his mouth. He’s either oblivious or uncaring to the way Dean tracks the movement, still startled by the normalcy of it all. “I’m not sure I can say by all legal terms, as the way I went about this was decidedly not legal, but. Claire is my daughter now.”
Cas’s garden is small, at best, and  yet still overwhelming to maintain. It’s exhausting work when the sun is beating down on him and drenching yet another shirt in sweat. Despite all of that it’s one of his favorite places to be.
“It’s not easy,” Dean agrees, breaking his silence with a tentative olive branch. Not that he and Cas need it, he thinks. No, it’s just for Cas. Something for him to hold onto.
It’s Cas that he calls first, but Cas doesn’t think anything of it right away. They talk fairly often, and Sam knows Cas’s schedule, and Cas has just finished up a fingerpainting class for kids, so when the phone starts to ring Cas assumes it will just be another call like they usually have.
“I gotta take this,” Dean mutters, and no one says anything as quietly leaves the motel room. When the door’s shut tightly behind him, he answers, “Hello?”
Dean putters around their room for so long that Cas watches the minutes tick by on the alarm clock until it changes to midnight, January 24th. Dean’s still pacing, pretending he isn’t by periodically picking things off the ground and placing them somewhere else, and down the hall from them there’s a stranger sleeping in Cas’s old bed and downstairs there’s Sam sleeping on an air mattress and wondering what the hell he just got himself into. And there is all of this, under their roof, and with it there is Dean pacing on his birthday, no doubt trying to find a way to fix everything.
And Dean likes a filthy kiss, but he loves it if he’s not the one who started it, and Cas learned months ago just how much it takes to unravel Dean in whatever way he can find. Cas shifts them just enough, until Dean is flat on his back and sighing when Cas settles in on top of him, pinning him to the mattress between his knees. Dean sucks Cas’s tongue into his mouth at the same time that Cas scrapes his fingernails against the back of Dean’s neck, sending thrills through the both of them. Underneath him, Dean writhes as though he’s trying to find a way to pull Cas, impossibly, even closer.
The thought of it makes Dean look away. Staring at the ground, he mutters, “Last time he was here he said I didn’t think I deserved to be saved. And the last thing he ever did was try to prove to me that I did. So. Figured this was fitting.”
The house is quiet. He hates it. He has half the mind to go into Claire’s room just to turn on some music so it can seem like she’s here. Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket and debates whether or not he should text Cas.
“So we ain’t even got a lead,” Bobby says, when Dean finishes summarizing everything he knows so far so Sam wouldn’t have to go through it all again. Bobby crumples up his burger wrapper and stuffs it into the empty bag. “I mean, hell. Dean’s resurrection left a blast sight big enough to see from space, and there were demon omens so obvious it dragged Sam’s sorry ass out there. And there’s just, what? Nothing here?”
You don’t even—you get out of bed at eight most days. Fucking breakfast. Have your stupid chickens make you breakfast.”
“Good to hear from you, too,” Dean mutters. There’s a headache forming behind his right eye, and he rubs at it tiredly. “What’s got your panties in a twist?”
It could overwhelm him, if he dared let it. This, the irrefutable truth that he is human now and that his days consist of habitual things. Sometimes it does, he thinks, on the days where there’s a pressure that makes his head ache and his eyes hurt. Sometimes it startles him how much everything could have changed in the span of just one ordinary, human year. But those are also the days, it seems, when Claire knows to laugh a little more brightly, or where Sam looks at him with a happy glint in his eye, or where Dean kisses his temple in the exact spot where the pressure is the worst, and Cas forgets about the headaches at all.
“I,” she says, before she stops herself. Dean can’t do anything but watch silently as she shakes her head and stands slowly. “It’s late. We can talk about it in the morning, I shouldn’t have started this now.”
“You know I never turn down your honey, Ronnie,” Cas tells him with a smile. Ronnie grins and taps his cane against the ground in delight. “How are your bees?’
Most of the first month of summer is like this, and Cas becomes giddy with it. He loves the feeling of his family being home together more often than not. He loves the warmth of the sun; he lifts his face to the sky and closes his eyes, just letting it wash over him, more times than he can even count.
There’s a duffel bag tucked in the farthest, highest corner of Dean’s closet, that’s been collecting dust since the day he finished installing the shelf and unpacked all his clothes. The bag itself hasn’t been moved since early November, but the contents inside have remained untouched for even longer. Dean had thrown Sam’s favorite gun in there, after that god-awful day he’ll never forget, and he’d only glanced back at it once as he hauled ass outta Kansas.
He can’t help but laugh a little when Dean gets huffy and puffy and pulls himself out of bed like he cannot
At the same time that Dean’s hands slide into the back pockets of Cas’s pajamas, Cas giddily thinks that, like Icarus, he was helpless the moment he caught sight of the sun, flying closer not knowing the risks or choosing not to care. Like Icarus, Cas fell. In every way imaginable.
“This whole thing just,” Dean huffs, scrubbing at his face tiredly. He crumples up his empty wrapper, too, and hands the rest of his fries off to Sam. “This whole thing doesn’t make any sense.”
She’s quiet for a while, taking it in. But eventually she beams. “That’s awesome. Can we go get the chickens tonight?”
“Something I’m working on.” Cas says it like he’s explaining something to a little kid. Dean knows he’s doing it just to be a little shit.
The pastor nods at him, encouraging and comforting. “That’s all that really matters,” the pastor says. An hour or so ago, he’d said something that Cas will carry with him for the rest of his life. A saint is a sinner who keeps trying.
Cas and Claire stand on the porch and wave goodbye to him as he eases the Impala out of the driveway and onto the road. His bag is in the passenger seat next to him. He can’t help but wish it was anything else. One of them. Both of them. His whole life is them, now, and it’s… strange, going somewhere without them. It sits heavy on his shoulders in a way he can’t think about for too long. There was no way in hell he’d actually bring them along, though. Not with the chance that it might be a trap. Not with Claire being just a friggin’ kid whose already had her life uprooted by the supernatural once. No, they’ve got to stay. And Dean’s got to go. And every part of that fucking
That’s how Cas finds them, later, when he finally returns from wherever he’d went to hide out. Sitting together at the kitchen table solving equations. If he’s surprised to see Dean helping Claire with homework, he keeps it to himself.
“Sure, Dean,” Claire says. Her voice is smaller, like she’s passing the phone over, when she calls out, “I’m headed in now, love you, bye!”
“Okay,” Dean says firmly. He squeezes Cas’s wrist—they’re both petrified to let go. “Cas. Cas, man, you gotta know… You know I…”
Maybe that one was too easy. Or maybe you took too long to answer. Either way, situations like these tend to stick around like a bad penny. The bad news is the stakes are raised, now, and you’ve put everything on the line. Better think faster and smarter for this next one.
“Jack, go wait in the car,” Sam murmurs, and Jack’s head snaps to him, stung. “Please. We don’t want you to have to see this.”
Dean pulls Cas under the covers, kissing him quietly, until an exhaustion that has nothing to do with the late hour takes them over and lulls them both into a fitful sleep.
Except, Cas surprises him by placing plates in front of him and Claire about five minutes later, full of sandwiches and chips. He still doesn’t say anything, but Cas drops a hand on Claire’s shoulder as he walks back to the counter to grab his own plate, and Claire pushes her homework aside to dig in.
because the only thing he can think of that could make this whole thing seem less friggin’ useless is over five hundred miles away and trying not to burn down their kitchen.
He sits, as patient as he can be in a situation like this, as Lorinda hums under her breath and pours the rest of the drinks for her son and her friends. If she’s put out by having a stranger in her house, she doesn’t show it at all. Then again—
Affronted, Dean hands the packet to Cas and puts the car in park before turning in his seat and giving Cas another incredulous look. It takes a minute for Cas to finally sigh and turn to look at Dean.
Dean joins him sometimes, when the weather isn’t too unbearable, or he greets Cas whenever he comes back inside with a cold drink and an eager kiss, and Cas doesn’t mind either way. It’s a small enough project that he never feels like he needs the help, but he appreciates it any time it comes along.
“Where’d you like us to park, Pete?” Cas asks, leaning into Dean’s space to get a better view of Pete. His hand rests on Dean’s thigh, the same place it was the entire ride over.
this story is pretty much an ode to cj and clary!! a lot of details that got added to this story were because of them. they also enabled me to make this a series and its 1000% dedicated to them even tho it isn't written yet xoxo love u besties.
“Every other bad thing we've been killing, been dying over,” Sam scoffs. “Where were you? Just sitting back and watching us suffer so we can do this over and over and over again. Losing people we love! When does it end? Tell me.”
Dean kneels at the spot that swallowed up Sam, not even five minutes ago. Now that the ground is back where it belongs, the four rings lay atop the grass. Dean picks them up with shaky, blood-covered fingers.
Bobby grunts over the line, but it’s another moment before he really responds. “Yeah. Just about to leave’n head back home.”
Chuck puts his hands in his pockets and rocks his weight back and forth, looking at Sam and Dean with such apathy it makes Dean’s skin crawl. Chuck has almost always looked at them like they’re bugs under the microscope. “Oh, I never said that,” Chuck says to Sam. “But I gotta be honest with you guys, I’m getting a little bored here. And you raised the white flag just a little too late, I mean. Come on, guys! I’ve already done most of the work here. Only one more snap of my fingers and
Cas, very charitably, does not tell Dean he told him so. He focuses instead on opening the pill bottle and shaking a few into the palm of his hand.
For the first time, Cas thinks he understands what it means to have a heart break. “I know you did. I’m so sorry.”
“She still loves you,” Sam tells him, and Cas’s gaze snaps up to meet his. Sam gives him a tired smile. “She’s just a teenager, man. They’re emotional and ornery and it’s rough when they’re sick, but even if she seems like she’s mad at you, she isn’t. She’s gonna be glad you’re here to take care of her.”
her to be angry with him, but he knew that she must be. So he gave Claire a wide berth, and if anyone noticed anything out of the ordinary, no one said a thing.
“I feel happiness, being here,” Cas continues slowly. “I feel relieved that we’re all safe. I feel annoyance at you, in the mornings when you tell me to wake up because I slept through my alarm. I feel fondness when Claire smiles or when she allows me to share her laughter. I feel anxiety when I think about her, alone at school, all day. And these are all miraculous things for me. I’m trying to understand them all. Even so, there are some things I wish I didn’t know. Hurt, when Claire won’t trust me. Frustration that I never seem to do anything right the first time. Envy, that it’s so easy for
“Guess neither of us were so lucky,” Dean mutters. In another lifetime, he might try harder to figure it out. To figure out what brought back Bobby, what healed Dean. But Dean’s lived a thousand lifetimes since then, and for now he’s just. Exhausted, deep in his bones. Grieving. If he even knows the definition of the word.
“This isn’t just a story,” Dean adds. He gestures to the last living members of his family, scattered throughout the graveyard. “It’s our
He can almost hear the way Claire shrugs over the line. “Never thought about it before, but. I don’t know. I like writing.”
Time bleeds together in a place like this, muddled with the ups and downs of losing Sam and reuniting with Jack, of getting Sam back, of watching Jack fall susceptible to Lucifer’s lies. There’s another fight they have to survive. Cas thinks there will always be another fight.
“Yes, Dean, you told me,” she stops him. Her voice is even, and when he reopens his eyes, she’s leaning back in her seat again. “When you showed up on my doorstep a few weeks ago, you told me that when you see yourself happy, you see a life with me. Did you mean that?”
Ronnie waves a dismissive hand in the air. “Oh, just the price a’ one will do just fine. Long as you bring that jar with you to the barbecue tomorrow, alright? Might be able to convince Petey to slather it on some ribs before tossing ‘em on the grill.”
“Whatever,” she repeats, and Dean’s smile just grows. “I’m gonna think about it. Can we talk about it when you come home? You’re coming back soon, right?”
Cas keeps his eyes on the stairs. Dean was never the mind reader between the two of them, but he can tells there’s a lot happening up there just by the way Cas says, “I’ve hurt her.”
His phone rings, when he’s fumbling with car keys and half distracted, and even though every part of his body is begging him to be hopeful, Dean pushes it down and answers the call without looking to see who it is. “Hello?”
He wonders, about halfway through the drive, if Claire and Cas were able to fall asleep. If they’re tossing and turning and worrying about him the way he’s worrying about them. Claire has school in the morning. Cas’ll have to take her, and Dean won’t be there to make sure they’re both up on time. He wonders if Cas crawled into Dean’s bed to sleep, if for nothing but the comfort and the illusion that Dean could have stayed. He knows that’s what he would have done, if the roles were reversed.
They eat in silence. Dean processes. His head feels like it’s spinning at a million miles an hour. Cas is alive, for one. He’s human now. And he’s a friggin’
Claire smiles at her nervously, clinging to Cas’s hand, and he raises his free hand in his own hello once Dean introduces him. Paige glances at all of them with an eyebrow raised, like they’ve managed to surprise her already, but she grins at them anyway and starts to lead them up the gravel driveway.
The world starts over, rewinds, resets. And in the eye of the storm, Sam and Dean Winchester make another deal.
Even at their closest, when Dean twines their hands together and Cas moves inside him and warmth radiates in every corner of their room, sometimes Cas still wishes there was a way to be closer. Sometimes he thinks the only way he’d be satisfied is if he could walk right into the heart of Dean and never walk back out.
They fall into companionable silence for a while, Dean focused on his task and Cas turning pages of his book. It’s harder for him to focus than he cares to admit, with his headache slowly but surely returning with a vengeance. His book droops down and he reaches up with his free hand to press against his eye again, relieving some of the pressure.
The garage door opens when Dean’s squatted down in front of the rug, tracing the demon trap with his finger, and Dean panics, straightening immediately and instinctively reaching for the knife in his jacket pocket. There’s some quiet shuffling from the part of the kitchen that’s out of Dean’s line of sight, and a small, almost familiar cough. Dean freezes.
Dean focuses back on what really matters. “You gonna tell me what you’re working on? You’ve never even mentioned you had a project. What does that even mean?”
“Angels really only dealt with things in absolutes,” he finally murmurs. “Black or white. Good or evil. Loyalty or disobedience. When I first rebelled, I had only dipped a toe into the spectrum of complexities humanity holds.” Cas grins, wry and tired and everything all at once. “I had no idea what it was like to carry all these multitudes inside of me all at once.”
wasn’t on purpose, and hell if that doesn’t make the pressure in his lungs feel even heavier. “Boy, don’t… That ain’t a funny joke and you know it. Now tell me you ain’t three drinks away from turning up in some ditch somewhere, dead as a doornail.”
For some reason, this makes her laugh. The smile on her face is genuine. “Was he trying to make you look like a dork?”
“Dean,” Castiel cries out. Petrified. This is going to kill him, that much he is certain of. He’ll die time and time again, and it will always feel like this. It will always be in Dean Winchester’s name.
He gets through another chapter before he starts to feel the pressure behind his eye again. More than anything, the impending headache just annoys him now. Cas closes his eyes and leans his head back against the couch, rubbing tiredly at the point of pressure like it will do anything to help.
“You’re grounded,” Dean deadpans, though it’s an empty threat and they all know it. He sighs and looks around. “Kid, this place will need one hell of a paint job before I’d let you move up here, but…”
“Dean,” Claire says timidly, and it pulls him out of his own mental to-do list. His gaze snaps up to her. Her face is pink and embarrassed. But there’s frustration in her voice, too, which makes sense as soon as she quietly asks, “Do you know anything about algebra?”
Dean frowns, incredulous. “Of a kid? The armies of God are scared of something that hasn’t even been born yet?”
“Stay upstairs, there’s glass everywhere!” Dean shouts. Castiel can barely register it but something that is either relief or fright surges through him so powerfully it knocks him to his knees. “Cas? Cas!”
And he talks about finding out Cas was alive, and driving out to Pontiac to check in on him and leaving Pontiac with two people he’d never expected in his life. Then he can’t stop, he can’t stop talking about Claire, and how well she’s been doing, and her growth in school and her comfort in the house, and how she seems happy now and how damn proud that makes Dean. He talks about Cas settling into humanity so easily it scares him sometimes, and he talks about his neighbors and his job and Claire choosing paint colors and Cas making the window for their kitchen and he talks about the creepy attic he hasn’t dared to go into yet.
Bobby huffs around a sigh. “Y’know, I’ve worked cases on less information than this, but. Damnit, boys, I dunno. I don’t even know where to start digging around with this one.”
“Who else would I kiss like this?” Cas asks, a challenge and a promise, and he tugs Dean back up to prove it. He rests the palm of his free hand against Dean’s collarbone. Above his tattoo. Close, again, to his heartbeat, Cas’s favorite place to be. “Who else would I love like you? Everything I have ever done, everything that has ever meant anything, has been done because of you. For you. With you.”
But Cas understands. His first few weeks adjusting to humanity left him with strange bruises and scratches that could only be attested to the way he never seemed to know how long his limbs were or how small he needed to be in certain places. He says as much to Sam, and Sam’s shoulders sag in quiet relief.
“He wasn’t ever one of your damn characters,” Dean snarls, unbidden. Chuck’s eyes snap to him, the weight of all his power and mercilessness behind his gaze, and Dean powers on anyway. “You said it yourself, he never did what he was supposed to do. So Cas ain’t a friggin’ plot device in any of your damn stories, he never was. Bet that really makes you mad.”
much fun,” she mutters sarcastically. She yanks open the fridge, scowling as she looks inside, then whips back around to glare sharply at Dean. Accusingly, she tells him, “We’re out of soda.”
Or, perhaps, it’s better put to say that it just sort of starts over. And, as it is and has been for anyone who knows what it’s like to start over, it’s not the sort of thing that’s done with very much noise at all. Too much noise and you’ve made yourself easy to find again. Too little noise and no one will know that you need to be pulled out. So there’s an unsteady sort of middle ground that’s best to aim for, in the case of starting over. A thin line that splits the past right down the middle; on one side you don’t escape the life, and on the other the life doesn’t escape you.
The sun is up. It peeks through the gap in the curtains, and for a moment, Cas watches a beam of it as it catches the dust motes in the air. He used to be able to notice these kinds of things just as they were, when he was an angel. The molecules and the cells and the way creation stitched and held itself together. But it’s different, somehow, experiencing something similar through human eyes. Something only captured by pure luck of the sun shining through an otherwise obscured window. It takes his breath away.
The next few weeks suck even worse, which Dean hadn’t thought possible. He supposes before there was at least some semblance of normalcy in the fact that it was just one place that he was crashing and the same faces greeting him every morning. He feels like shit knowing it took him just one week to fuck the whole thing up, especially after promising Sammy he’d do better this time around. It all just fucking sucks.
“I don’t know what the hell I’m gonna do now, Sammy,” Dean admits. It spills out of him all at once, and as soon as it’s out there, Dean feels like a puppet with his strings cut. His shoulders sag in relief that the weight they’d carried is gone now.
content warnings for a buttload of angst (taps the label on the tin), references to j*hn winchester's A+ parenting, allusions to trauma that Will be further discussed in the next chapter, and depictions and discussions of grief. take care of urselves as needed!
Cas looks at him steadfastly. “It’s not always easy,” he admits. “I’m not very good at letting things go most of the time. That’s why there’s a teenager living with us that’s, ah. How did Dean say it? ‘Eating us out of house and home.’”
“I couldn’t,” he murmurs. The admission feels like a slap across his own face, but Dean just pulls him closer again when he tries to recoil. They don’t let go of one another. “I couldn’t. But something happened, something… Big.”
“Okay,” Dean says. His heart aches for reasons he can’t even begin to explain. “Tell him I said hey, alright? And if he wants to talk later, uh. He can call. If he wants.”
This guy stabbed an angel blade up through a superior’s jaw. This guy got drunk after draining an entire liquor store. And now he’s responsible for the kid of the vessel who’s body he took over before booting the poor fucker out for good.
“You don’t have to say it,” Cas tells him, when Dean tries. Cas wishes he could smooth the furrow in Dean’s brow, wishes he could make Dean understand. They just don’t have enough time.
Cas makes an acknowledging sound, nodding his head like he gets it now, and Dean ducks his head to hide his smirk. It’s obvious that Cas doesn’t have a damn clue what Dean’s talking about, but he thinks that Cas is just content to sit and listen to Dean babble about whatever the fuck he wants to. Dean’s pretty sure they did this before, on some level, but they’ve been doing this a lot more recently. Especially after Dean told Cas to stop being an idiot and feeling guilty about following him around. It feels a bit different in a way Dean hasn’t really compartmentalized yet, either. He tells himself it’s just because this time it’s doing normal people shit instead of hunter’s shit. So, now, they’ll just sit with one another. Sometimes it’s quiet. Other times, Cas sits there patient and attentive as Dean explains whatever he’s doing.
he feels that apparently there was some way to pull his brother out of the Cage but instead Dean had left Sam down there for a year while he played house and pretended the nightmares didn’t keep him up most nights out of the week.
The little shit smirks at Dean when he glares at her in the mirror. Her expression turns positively gleeful, too, after Cas tells her, “Dean was very bored home alone. He was waiting for us to arrive.”
Dean’s head is spinning. “Cas, you don’t. I don’t blame you for that, what the hell? It’s not your fault your wings got clipped when you were brought back from the dead, dude. There was no friggin’ way you would have been able to know.”
The last deal struck in this same spot brought the birth of the first fratricide. But that story had belonged to Cain and Abel, and neither God nor Cain did it because they had something to prove. Dean does. This is his and Sam’s story now.
Lisa brings down pillows and blankets that she sets on the couch. It shouldn’t sting the way it does, but Dean still swallows his pride as he sets up to sleep on the couch. He shouldn’t be surprised. Shouldn’t have thought that she’d just let him into her bed without a moment’s hesitation. Lisa deserves better than that, too. She deserves someone sleeping next to her that isn’t a basket case overwhelmed with a grief he can’t quite pin down.
“Is there some law that states schools can’t assign homework until they have been in session for fifteen days?” Cas prods. The sad thing is, Dean thinks he might be serious, which makes this whole thing a hell of a lot funnier.
Cas grimances. He pauses, shovelling a few fries into his mouth, and chews thoughtfully. “Jimmy is gone,” Cas says finally. “I’ve known that ever since I woke up here. It’s just me in here now. And I thought… I didn’t do much right, as an angel. Towards the end, at least. Perhaps I could do something better now.”
also, what the hell! only one chapter left?! i can't believe that. thank you all for sticking with me this long, i've loved all your comments and your excitement, and i'm so grateful that this little story i started for me and a few friends became something more people were excited about. i'll see you all at the last chapter with another sappy message, but for now, thank you and i love you all!
“I know,” Cas promises. He reaches out with his free hand and grasps Dean’s shoulder. It steadies them both. “I remember you walking through my memories. And even if I didn’t, I know. I’ve known for years.”
it. “But there are times in searches like this where we forget that the people who have already found us are waiting for us to return.”
There’s a smile in Cas’s voice. “She did,” he confirms. There’s the loud, rumbling roar of the truck as Cas pulls out of the drop-off line and likely takes off out of the parking lot. After another moment of hesitation, Cas quietly asks, “Did you find him already?”
“That doesn’t make it any less pertinent,” Cas says calmly. “Turn right here, and join that line, she’ll come to us.”
Dean knows the situation is headed south before Cas even finishes talking, but he doesn’t even get a chance to try and diffuse it before Claire says, “You have parenting books?”
When he runs out of shit to do, he swallows his nerves and digs his phone out of his pocket to dial Bobby’s cell.
Dean Winchester wakes before he is meant to, and when he wakes he reaches out and clings to Castiel. He shouldn’t be able to, but he does it anyway. Dean holds on to him and Castiel becomes helpless under his hands. “Come back to me,” Dean pleads. The voice of a desperate man.
Still, there are broken floorboards in the middle of the floor, and one of the windows is cracked. And it’s
Dean pulls into the driveway just after one in the morning, and the living room light is on. Bobby’s not far behind them, and he parks at the curb, but Dean waits for a moment before getting out of the car. He hates that he feels nervous.
The end of the road is near. The last song of the mixtape ended a while ago. Think, for a moment, about what to do next after you reach the end of the mixtape.
Time to switch friggin’ gear. Dean turns sharply in his seat, putting a hand on Claire’s shoulder, and warns, “Claire, don’t.”
Whatever he had learned from his time with a common cold, it was nothing compared to the fear that coursed through him at the thought of his daughter falling ill. Cas pulls on a hoodie that he finds on the ground quickly before brushing past Sam and heading to Claire’s room. Her door’s been left slightly ajar. He knocks anyway.
I needed air, y’know? And I told you I’d get outta the life and I had to drag myself free but now I got my own friggin’ bed and I got people who need me and it’s—”
Dean clenches his jaw. It’s hard to look Sam in the eye—knowing all that Sam and Jack are giving up, knowing all that they’re enduring, and knowing it’s just because Dean was a stubborn prick who wanted Cas alive. It’s a guilt he’ll carry with him as heavy as Cain’s, even with his own brother still alive. “Just have to convince Cas to trust me. Like me. Betray Heaven for me. Oh, and he doesn’t remember anything from before Chuck restarted the whole world, so I have to do all of this while he thinks he doesn’t know me. No biggie.”
Cas reaches up and brushes his fingertips along Dean’s jaw. He’ll need to shave, soon, though Cas wouldn’t mind it if he didn’t. Every version of Dean is the most handsome Cas has ever seen. “You’re a good man, Dean,” Cas says seriously. “You’re an excellent father to Claire. You’re a great brother to Sam. This town loves you, your family loves you, and I love you.”
first time, and past the turn that would take them right to the Novak’s old house, and past the gas station he raided after digging himself out of his grave. There’s a barn on the outskirts of town that somehow miraculously still stands. Dean parks in front of the doors and kills the engine. There’s a metallic taste in his mouth and a bitter sting in the corners of his eyes.
“Don’t,” Dean stops him. He shakes his shoulder free of Bobby’s hand. “I don’t. I don’t need wasted breath sayin’ we knew what we were getting into. I know that. It’s just.” Dean hates the way his voice shakes almost more than he hates the whole goddamn world for taking his brother away from him. “I don’t need the wasted breath.”
Dean expects Cas to lighten up at this, but for whatever reason it just causes the scowl on Cas’s mouth to deepen rather quickly, and he’s a bit startled when Cas says shortly, “I don’t care about kitchen cabinets, Dean,” before standing swiftly from his chair and leaving the room.
The unrecognizable Castiel laughs around a mouthful of blood. “Don’t think that you are better than me,” he spits. “We are the same.”
It’s amazing, how after twelve years and countless resurrections, one simple human can still surprise him so much.
“Dean, c’mon. Didn’t we just go over this? I’m the Everlasting. The Hosts of Hosts. Of course I can, I mean. I
“No,” Dean admits. “I, uh. I made it to Stull. Checked his grave, to see if the site was anything like where you dropped me in Pontiac, but. It looks exactly the same as it did last year. Doesn’t even look like it’s been touched.”
“More so me than him,” Dean says. “Sammy doesn’t remember living here. We came here once, too, on a case. Said this place had never been home to him.”
“I don’t need it, you know,” she whispers. She’s curled under the covers already, but her gaze meets Cas’s anyway. “The nightlight. Just because there are angels and monsters and demons in the world. I’m not scared of the dark.”
That, at last, makes Cas smile. “I’m glad,” he says sincerely, and he turns on the radio before easing the truck onto the road to take them home.
Jack Kline, sitting in the backseat of the Impala, is the only one to see it. He climbs out of the car and stares at the sky, uncomprehending, until something simmers underneath the surface of his skin and everything becomes clear all at once.
or anything. She’s not really. I mean, I didn’t legally adopt her or anything, but. I don’t know. I’m raising her, I guess, and she, uh. Told me I’m her dad the other day. So. Fuck, Sammy, I don’t know.”
because Cas likes to go. Grocery shopping Sunday mornings, then lazy movies Sunday afternoon, and it doesn’t matter if all of them are there or not, someone always puts one on.
And none of it fucking matters. It’s the same story every time they come back. And the next time they play their parts, it’ll be Dean’s turn to go again.
Cas nudges Dean’s glasses back into place on the bridge of his nose and squints at the spot Claire points to. “Dean’s an adult, and he’s not having a tantrum. He’s just… processing. It’s better if we don’t, ah. Poke the bear, so to speak.”
For a brief, fleeting moment, Castiel bitterly wonders what about humans could have compelled him so much. It’s a short-lived thought, replaced quickly by small things his days as a human award him.
a good moment. So after Claire sprints up the stairs to grab her backpack and Dean glances back at Cas, he’s taken aback by the frown on Cas’s face. It takes a long moment for Cas to look away from the spot where Claire just was and to catch Dean’s raised eyes.
Cas mulls that over. She won’t look at him again, and it hits him why suddenly. He swallows the sea water that threatens to fill his lungs, refusing to let this drown him, and he tells her, “It’s alright if it is. And it’s alright if you’re angry at me because of it.”
He’s smirking even as Dean makes an affronted noise, throwing up his hands. “Fine, fine, I can take a hint. I’ll shut my pie hole until you’re done eating. Just.” And here’s the kicker. Dean hesitates. He freakin’
This is how he spends his summer: gardening and crafting, and bonding with his daughter. Watching her grow up and feeling proud and frightened all at the same time. Worrying about Sam. Stealing time away with Dean. Growing, he thinks, just as well as the plants in his garden.
Later, on the night that Sam returns home another hunt he won’t talk about, they sit around the dinner table together with their plates and their beers and smiles. Dean teases Sam about the chicken coop, as though he hasn’t already started sketching out a design for a chicken coop in a notebook that’s currently sitting on their counter.
It’s a great meal. Feels complete, with everyone here, and Cas smiles so much his cheeks hurt. They toast to the end of summer, and they eat so many burgers they all get sick with it, and when it starts to get later the kids pull out sparklers and start to light them at the far end of the driveway.
It does him no good to dwell on it in some skeevy motel staring at a reflection that’s distorted from the age of the mirror. He’s got work to do. So he works.
He’s somewhere in Colorado, which seems as good a place as any, so he drives until he passes a sign that says
It shouldn’t surprise him. Some dumb kid probably found it and ran off with it. Not like it was in front of a real grave, anyway, so what would anyone care about decency for the dead? Dean won’t let this sting him. He won’t let it claw through him like some ferocious kind of guilt he’s not ready to face head on. It’s a friggin’ pocket knife. At least the cross is still there.
“I don’t want to spend eternity like this,” Castiel admits, though it hurts. He can’t bring himself to look away from Dean’s face either, and that hurts just as much. If this is his afterlife, and if his memories are being twisted, he
For a moment, all he can do is rest his forehead against the door with his hand still on the doorknob and take a few deep breaths, one right after another. Then the other piece of his heart starts to call from him from behind another closed door, and Cas pads quietly across the house until he can crawl back into bed and pull Dean close to his chest.
“Claire,” Dean mumbles. He’s already sliding to the far side of the bed, making room, and Cas has never loved him more. “You’re sick. And you’re scared. And so what if it’s kid shit? You’re our kid.”
It’s probably a hard question for Cas to answer. Dean should have thought about that before springing it on the guy in the middle of his lunch. Cas pushes the food around his bowl for a few moments, considering, and Dean lets him. There ain’t much else he can do now, anyway. “I am adjusting,” Cas says finally. “It’s not easy. I still have a lot of questions. I spend many days very easily overwhelmed by the immensity of what I feel, and other days feeling completely void. It is a stark contrast to try and balance in such a small-feeling capacity.”
“No,” Dean mutters. Jesus, he’s fucking this up so bad. “Claire’s human. Uh, Cas is, too, now. He died, at Stull. Whatever brought him back clipped his wings in the process, so. He’s human. And Claire, she’s, um. Claire Novak.”
Ten minutes later, Sam breaks the silence by turning off the music and finally asking, “You gonna tell me about what you’ve been doing these last few months, or?”
Resurrection is a fickle thing. One moment there is nothing, and the next, Cas burns so brightly that those who love him will never lose sight of him again.
“Uh huh,” Dean says, uncertain. Cas kisses him again before letting him go. “Drink all that water, though.”
The couch isn’t horrible. Dean doesn’t know if it speaks more to the comfort of the cushions or the state of his own exhaustion that he falls asleep in the better part of ten minutes.
“Millicent is ill,” Cas sighs. “She will need to move to a long term care facility soon. Claire would end up in foster homes, and I wanted to prevent that if I could. Claire may not know me, but my face is at least familiar to her.”
Claire shrugs. “I don’t dislike them,” she says evasively. She toes at the dirt for a moment, before she realizes she’s got sandals on and plants her feet back into the ground. “I know they’re good for the plants and all that.”
“I’m thinkin’ something with that kind of juice would be more than able to lift your ass outta the Cage, too,” Bobby says.
Cas turns his head just enough to catch Dean’s eye. Dean smiles at him, warm and bright and far more consistent than any part of the sky. A North Star carved and placed just for this house. Just for this family. Cas smiles back.
Claire’s eyes widen in surprise, but she nods and takes a seat at a stool while Cas pours her a mug of her own. There’s another stool at the counter, but Cas doesn’t take it. Sometimes he’s afraid to be too close to her. He’s afraid he hasn’t earned it.
Belatedly, he sees a scuff of some kind near the front door, where the rug got jostled and kicked back. Dean goes to fix it, putting his foot on the edge of the rug and starting to put it back into place when he stops, suddenly, and looks at the mark again.
“I fear I might need to throw my parenting books out,” Cas says, and he quirks a smile. It makes Dean laugh.
It amazes him, sometimes, that he’s learned more things since becoming human than he learned throughout the rest of his long, evidently unremarkable life as an angel.
“He was,” Dean answers with finalty. He hasn’t been able to take a full breath from before he and Cas even entered the bunker’s dungeon at all, from the moment Billie’s fist tightened around his heart and cut him off, but it feels worse now—sitting with the suffocating weight of being the only one who knows what happened and having to explain it to Cas’s
“Guess it’s been a while since we hit the store,” Dean grumbles, embarrassed. He scraps together enough makings for a sandwich and loads her plate up with fruits, and Claire deems it a worthy meal for now, taking her plate with a smile and a small muttered
The force of Cas’s gaze should be enough to send Dean stumbling back on his heels. And maybe it would, if this were two years and an Apocalypse ago. If it were before he had moved into Dean’s house. Before Dean had seen him groggily spill coffee on himself because it was too early. Before he’d sat at their kitchen table painstakingly helping Claire with her biology homework. Before he’d pressed his mouth to Dean’s like it was something he’d thought of doing a hundred times. Like it was something he couldn’t wait to do again and again. There’s still power behind that gaze. Dean will never stop being in awe of it. But he knows Cas now, and he knows that when Cas looks like that, it’s only because he’s scared.
“Jack would never forgive me,” Cas says solemnly. Dean’s arm brushes against his as he reaches Cas, and they settle in together on the roof.
There’s fumbling on the other end of the line as the officer looks for the information. “It says Agent Watts started a file on him last spring, and to call with any information regarding a, uh… Jack Kline?”
God, his hands are shaking again, and no amount of deep breaths he takes will calm him down. Dean doesn’t want to
“I can imagine,” Cas says with a nod. “I’ve set up my room for one of you, and the other can take the air mattress. Neither is the most comfortable, though I do imagine they’ll be a welcome relief compared to motel rooms.”
Cas meets his eyes. “I care about doing something right,” Cas says carefully. “I thought that was all it was. But… there is some part of Jimmy in me, I suppose, that makes me care for the girl more than I thought I would. I can take care of her. Maybe one day that will mean something to her.”
Pay close attention, because this next part is critical, and you’ve already wasted enough time. Blink, and you’ll miss it. Take it for granted for twelve years, and you’ll lose it. Pray, and it won’t be enough to bring it back.
On his days off, Dean teaches Claire how to drive. Cas goes with them the first few times, curious and without anything better to do, and he sits in the backseat and watches with pride as Dean first teaches Claire how to drive in the truck before putting her behind the wheel of a stick shift, too. Claire’s good, too. She takes the instructions well and she’s excited to learn and she preens under Dean’s praise when he compliments her.
“I don’t know,” Sam tells him, voice a little bit sharp. He wrings his hands nervously in his lap. “I mean it. I have no clue, I’m just. Back.”
His heart is still on fire. Even when he thinks Dean is gone, nothing stops the flame. So he devours that, too.
Dean drives. He always drives, if it’s him and Cas in the Impala. Habit, probably. Or comfort. Either way, Cas doesn’t seem to mind. Dean’s only been to the high school once, so he relies on Cas directing them as they go.
Kevin Tran is a gangly kid with long hair that he can’t stop nervously brushing out of his face, and his mom is a spitfire woman that somehow manages to terrify Cas and wrap him in a bone crushing hug all in under a minute. They look safe and healthy, and despite the fact that he’s a sixteen year old with the weight of prophecy on his shoulders, Kevin doesn’t look like it frightens him all that much.
Sam goes upstairs to change, and Cas fills a glass of water to give to Claire and the next dose of Tamiflu to take before they leave. “Call if you need anything,” he tells her softly, as he always does.
for that kind of life. He was made for motel rooms checked into after hours and for long winding backroads and a gun in his hand and monsters whispering his name in fear. He’d never wanted this, or so he’d thought, until Sammy got out from underneath John Winchester’s boot, until he’d lost one too many people, until he’d known how it felt to have Claire Novak smile at him and call him Dad.
Cas grunts, mouth full with his burger, and shakes his head. The relief Dean feels is instant. “No. I stayed in a shelter for the first month, and the volunteers were very kind in providing us sustenance.”
Cas stays in the building for a long time. Dean’s nerves are fried, and he’s not sure whether it’s got more to do with the fact that he’s been out of practice for two months and worried he’s not prepared or if it’s the fact that he thought Cas was dead up until sixteen hours ago. He hadn’t even gotten the reunion he’d expected. No holy water in his face, no silver in his arms. Nothing against Cas, too. Just the trust that they were who they said they were. And Cas’s haste to get away from the motel and into this creepy-looking church. Dean had expected a bit of a fight. Maybe a hug. He’d definitely hoped he could at least crash on a couch for four hours before hitting the road again.
“At the end of this, we win,” Sam reminds him. “And we’ll get people back along the way. We might even get the chance to save a couple of them. And we get Cas back. This way, at least, we get him back.”
“What kind of ‘true love conquers all’ fairytale are you trying to sell me on?” Chuck asks, laughing to himself. He shakes his head. “Dean, c’mon. You can’t tell me you actually think that something as… as
Dean doesn’t stiffen in shock, the way Cas expected. He just huffs around a laugh and steals Cas’s beer. “We do have a kid together, you know. It’s not too big of a stretch for some people to make.”
Sam, finally, looks up at that. “So this thing snuck through Hell undetected and ripped up a soul deal to bring you back? Without anyone noticing?”
“And I don’t regret that,” Cas continues. Sam nods, because he understands that, too. “But in doing that I learned that there were some things I would
Claire turns to Dean, equal parts glaring and hopeful and one hundred percent fourteen-year-old, and what’s Dean supposed to say to that? No? He’s not a monster. He sighs and picks up his own damn sandwich, muttering, “Fine, chips are on the list, you bloodsuckers.”
Dean clears his throat and pretends his eyes aren’t burning and turns the tape to its b-side before setting it to play. There are better songs on this side, anyway.
He understands it, now. Oh, he understands it. The peace that comes with looking at something bigger and greater than you and not fearing what it plans to do to you. The reassurance that the stars would always be the same, no matter where you are or when you looked. And the comfort that comes with sitting quietly with someone you trust with your life, not needing to fill the silence with anything because a moment like this, just being together, is enough.
And Lisa’s got more fire in her than anyone else Dean has ever met, he’s known that since the day he met her, but it still startles him when she whirls back around and jabs a finger into his chest. Her voice doesn’t even shake as she tells him, “The only reason I’m not throwing you out on your ass for that comment alone is because I know you’re grieving and you’re drunk, and because your brother only died a few days ago, and I’m a better person than that. But don’t you
“Jesus, sweetheart, I know,” Dean mutters. His eye roll is fond. With his free hand, he turns off the stovetop before reaching up and pressing his fingertips to Cas’s chin. “I’m just giving you hell ‘cause that’s what I do best.”
There are stories of the first wave to ever crash along an empty shore and the only angel around to hear the sound that it made. There is a story about a fish, and an older brother, and a seed of doubt. There is a story about fate, and there is the story that was supposed to play out, and then there is the truth about an angel whose chassis cracked the moment his hand first touched the soul of a righteous man. There is the truth about that seed of doubt that took root in the broken framework and grew into something beautiful, into something nurturing.
They put up extra heating precautions for the chickens, though the weather claims it won’t be snowing again for a while, and Dean goes out almost religiously each morning to check on the hens and make sure they’re doing alright.
“It doesn’t bother you?” Cas prods. He wonders, a moment too late, if he’s being cruel by asking this. “Sorry.”
“So I know y’all know Dean,” Theresa says, patting him on the shoulders. Dean raises his hand and nods. “If you don’t, he’s the one that made your dinner tonight, so you better get to know him. Dean started up with us just over a year ago, and god help us, none of us were ready for him. This boy, I swear to god, he was ready to work every day. Efficient as hell at his job, too, damn near threatening to run me out of a job. But for some reason he liked us. And he stuck around.”
“Has Claire told you what she wants for Christmas yet?” Dean asks, returning to the other side of the kitchen. He picks up his mixing bowl again. “We only have a few more days ‘til it’s really crunch time.”
There’s a book on the coffee table that’s soaked now from Dean knocking his glass over. Some decorative thing that probably only cost about five bucks and came from some neighbor’s yard sale, but helped to make the table look less empty. He picks it up and wipes uselessly at the sopping pages.
“He’s gone,” Dean says quietly. They both look at the spot that swallowed up the only family either of them ever knew. “And we can’t bring him back this time.”
“Getting me enrolled in school, telling me to sign up for extracurriculars, helping me with my homework…” Claire continues. She’s on a roll now, grinning from ear to ear, and it’s a damn nice moment. Dean wishes Cas were here to see it, too.
AND THANK U TO G!!! who read over the parts of this i sent to her in a panic and gave me an official Sam Girl Seal of Approval. anything sam related was essentially written for her<3 thanks for the samgirlisms g.
Sam doesn’t answer right away. Dean doesn’t expect him to at all. But when Dean glances over at him, Sam’s gently running a finger along the edge of the army man he’d shoved into the ashtray when they were dumb kids, and it makes Dean’s throat tighten. After another mile, Sam finally answers, “A hundred years.”
Laughs like it’s the funniest thing he’s heard in a while until suddenly the joke isn’t funny to him anymore. “Why do you think, Sam?!” Chuck shouts. Outside, thunder rolls so loud it shakes the silent streets. “Has it ever occurred to you that maybe his character’s just a little played out?”
It stings. Dean knows Cas doesn’t mean it to sting, but it does all the same. Dean looks out the window and tries to keep his breathing steady. “I visited,” Dean says, and he forces himself to shrug. “But they aren’t a part of this life, and they deserve better than putting up with my crap.”
“I know it’s an expression,” Cas interrupts. He still looks at Dean like he can see right down into his soul. Even as a human, it makes the hairs on Dean’s arm rise. “And I understand that she needs time. But she was right, Dean. I heard her prayers. All of them, right up until I died. And I never did a thing about it.”
With nothing else to do besides stare absentmindedly at the road and numbly switch cassettes each time they reach their end, Dean ignores the twist in his stomach and he starts to wonder about Sam. Whether or not he’ll know who Dean is, once Dean finds him, or if something so god-awful went down in the Cage that Sam came up repressed as all hell without even a suspicion of who he might be.
The Winchesters close in on Chuck now. And for one glorious, stupid moment, Cas forgets that the brothers are only human. For one foolishly hopeful second, he actually believes that they can win.
Dean ducks his head and groans. Cas can feel it against his collarbone. “Please don’t bring up my brother when I’m trying to make out with you.”
Two months. Dean’s been on his own for two damn months. Cas has been alone during all of that, too. Not just alone, but doing it all as he adjusts to being human. Dean thrums his fingers against his steering wheel and tries to make sense of it all. Someone brought Bobby back. Someone healed Dean. Someone brought Cas back, but had enough of a beef with him that they yanked his grace out of him and just dropped his mortal ass back in the same town as his human vessel. For the first time since Stull, Dean really starts to feel the old twitch in the back of his hands, that same itch he gets every time they start hunting something they don’t understand.
“A nephilim has been conceived,” Cas says finally. Dean looks him in the eye, and Cas can’t hear anything anymore except for the sounds of his two most beloved people breathing. “The offspring of an angel and a human. The angels are frightened.”
Cas’s hand drops on Dean’s wrist suddenly, and it surprises Dean so bad he freezes and turns to look at Cas with wide eyes. Belatedly, he’s glad his foot is on the damn brake. Cas looks at him intently, a far too serious look for a conversation they’re having in the middle of the day, and says, “I wish you wouldn’t make yourself so small, Dean. You’ve got a big heart. You carry large successes. The world failing to thank you does not mean that what you do for it and on it is meaningless.”
“I shouldn’t have treated Jack the way I did,” Dean finally mutters. He looks away, frame wrought with chagrin. “He’s just a kid. I shouldn’t have treated
“Got that stupid smug ass smile on your face,” Ronnie mutters, but he’s grinning just as bad. “Gimme your damn money. Just the one jar, kid, don’t try to con an old con man. Glad I gotta see you this week. Bring that family a’ yours round again next time, alright?”
There’s a moment of silence. His heart feels far too heavy to be held up by his ribs. Finally, Claire croaks out, “Dad?”
It’s a kind of hunger that frightens him, at first. That reminds him almost terrifyingly of Famine and his insatiability. He worries, at first, that his hunger will split Dean open and consume him raw, before Dean puts Cas’s hand over his pounding heart and whispers, “Me, too. Me, too.”
Lorinda York lives in a two-story house with a wraparound porch that’s only three streets to the north of where the Winchester’s used to live, back when they were a picture-perfect nuclear family. There are children’s bikes and helmets and scooters all over her front yard, and when Dean climbs out of the Impala, he can hear the kids they probably belong to shrieking in delight from the backyard.
“I know,” Cas whispers. He shouldn’t know. He does anyway. They’re so close to the end, now, that Cas can taste black tar on the tip of his tongue. “I know, Dean.”
“It’s not silly,” Claire says firmly. She reaches out and squeezes his wrist; to Cas’s surprise, her eyes are shiny with tears. “It’s not. Taking care of things, wanting things to be. Stable. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
Lorinda looks down like she’d forgotten what she was holding, and she lets out a bright and airy laugh that makes Dean feel at home. She steps to the side, ushering him in and saying, “Course not, I wouldn’t ‘a told you to come on over if it was a bad time. My son, he’s just got all his lil’ buddies out back, I was just gettin’ ready to take ‘em out some drinks. Can I pour you some to drink?”
He finds a place that’s damn-near perfect, about a month into living in Bennett. It’s dirt-cheap and in a decent area, all things considered. Secluded enough that Dean thinks he’ll be comfortable. It’s ugly as sin in the pictures and will require a lot of TLC, but it’s the bones of a house and that’s all he cares about. Dean goes to the bank to buy the land and ignores the lead-heavy weight in his stomach as he signs the date and realizes two full months have come and gone since Stull.
“You didn’t run,” Cas points out, and Dean frowns at him, confused. “When you thought Ben Braeden was your child. You offered much to Ben and his mother. Truth be told, I expected you to be with them after all of this came to pass.”
“What’s wrong?” she asks as she climbs into the backseat. Once she’s in, Dean peels out of the high school parking lot as fast as he can, ignoring the look of disdain Cas shoots his way. Damn, it feels good to put pedal to the metal after sitting in that damn line for so long.
“Alright, maybe,” Sam says, raising his hands in surrender. “But. Shit, Dean. A new prophet? So, what, Chuck’s dead?”
How the hell is he supposed to? This doesn’t feel like the kind of thing you just drop on someone over a phone call.
with that! content warnings in this chapter for depictions and discussions of trauma, probably unhealthy coping mechanisms, and descriptions of guilt. take care of yourselves
His pause lasts for just a moment too long. Dean watches, horrified, as Lisa’s heartbreak writes itself across her features for half a second before she smooths it back into the calm look she’s given him ever since he arrived.
in there, even if it isn’t in the words. Cas recognizes it every time she brings him a blanket or a jacket, because she always knows he’s forgotten. He reaches forward and squeezes Claire’s shoulder. “Thank you,” he says earnestly, and in it is an
For the first time since Dean saw him again, he realizes Cas wasn’t even in his usual get-up of suit, tie, and trench-coat. He doesn’t like the way that knowledge sits in his gut.
Claire grins, knowing she’s won the battle before Dean even gets there. In all honesty, she normally does. They have a hard time saying no to her when it comes to harmless things like this. She pokes at him, drawing the word out as she says, “But…”
“Have you eaten? You’ll want something in your stomach with those,” Dean murmurs. He shifts his weight back awkwardly, like he’s uncertain of whether or not he wants to pull away yet. Always preoccupied with taking care of someone else.
Stull is silent, when he climbs out of his car. Just a place with people buried in dirt. The makeshift cross Dean threw together for Sam is right where he left it. The dirt is undisturbed, the trees still standing, and there’s not the spectacular smell of ozone that greeted Dean when he clawed his way out of his own grave. Dean doesn’t know what to do with the disappointment that he holds in his hands.
“There’s forgiveness, in the existence of free will,” Cas murmurs, at the end of it all. He looks up at the stars again and combs his fingers slowly through his daughter’s hair. “Outside of the existence of the liberty to choose, far greater is the ability to forgive. In all of God’s teachings, I think that Heaven forgot that.”
“Sure thing,” she tells him. She puts a hand on her hip and looks at him thoughtfully. “Can I get you something to eat before you head back out there? On the house. You look like you could use it.”
It’s the wrong thing to say. Or, hell, maybe it’s the right thing, because for a second Chuck looks thrown. For a second it seems like Dean just played the only card in his hand that Chuck hadn’t seen. And it gives Dean hope, however brief, because if Chuck didn’t know Cas was gone then he didn’t write it happening, and maybe there was a chance for free will on this damn planet after all.
“She’ll need some time to adjust,” Cas mutters, mostly to himself. He closes the door again but leaves it unlocked. Dean waits until Cas sits down heavy on the edge of the bed. It’s only then that he finally looks at Dean like he’s only just seeing him, and offers him a small smile. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes, knowing it won’t get them anywhere. “You see any other girls ‘round here? Dumbass. Obviously Claire. Where’s her mom?”
It’s about thirty minutes of internal debate on whether or not Dean wants to haul his sorry ass inside to see what the hell is taking Cas so long when the door finally opens and Cas comes hurrying back out. The documents are tucked under one arm but his other is around some blond kid that he speaks to quietly as they both hurry their way down the steps and towards the Impala. Dean barely even registers the kid as out of place before he gets an actual look.
Dean pulls up to some nondescript motel about two miles out of Pontiac, and before he can even put his car in park, Castiel comes barreling out of the lobby like he’s got something to prove. Dean barely has time to reach over and move the packet of documents from the passenger seat before Cas is yanking the passenger door open and sliding inside.
But in the midst of taking care of her and taking precautions to avoid the flu themselves, tasks like cleaning and grocery shopping had fallen to the wayside, and when she comes down to eat something other than soup, they’re all a little startled to find there’s not much food in the fridge to work with.
His reflection hasn’t changed. Those are still his eyes, and that’s his nose, and his cheekbones, and his mouth. That’s still his hair, albeit a bit longer.
Cas is a few steps behind understanding Claire on a good day, not well-versed enough in teenage-speak or humanity to know when Claire is being a shit on purpose or when she’s being genuine. And it’s complicated with Claire, who is so hot and cold with Cas in a way that even makes Dean’s head spin. Dean meant it, when he said Claire was adjusting, but it’s an adjustment for Cas, too. So before Claire can say anything else, Dean tells Cas, “We ain’t exactly typical friends, Cas.”
With a deep sigh, Cas says, “Claire. Homework. Now. You can bring it down here and sit with us if you would like.”
“You don’t have to, Cas, I mean,” Dean starts, and he flinches again when he finally drops Castiel’s hand. “You don’t owe anyone a goddamn thing. You don’t owe
It takes the last ounce of his power, all of the waning strength he has left after his fight, but Cas uses it to guide Dean back to him. Even as it drains him, it’s worth it. No amount of power will ever compare to knowing Dean Winchester will come back for him.
just dealt him. Sam doesn’t know, he doesn’t know about a single part of it, so he looks between the two of them and his brow is pinched in concern and he asks, “Jack, what are you talking about?”
“And Cas,” Sam adds, pointedly looking in the direction of Dean’s room and grinning like the little shit he is.
Dean groans as he lowers the hammer to the ground. He takes the goggles off his eyes, leaving them dangling around his neck, and digs his phone out of where it fell between the couch cushions.
In the end, they decide on just two—the littlest ones, picked by Sam and Claire—and everyone is buzzing with excitement as they transport the hens carefully into the dark crate to take home. Even Dean, who Cas had noticed was a bit skittish stepping into the coop, seems quietly pleased by the time they load everyone up in the truck and get ready to hit the road.
“Ugh,” she groans, in the way only teenagers can. Dean can’t help but smile at that, too. “You’re so lame. Okay, bye.”
Claire nods slowly. An easy thing. Dean takes it as his cue to leave, and starts walking back towards the door. He pauses when Claire tells him, “And you.”
“He’ll probably want to kill us for another reason first,” Cas points out. Dean’s face goes dazed, and Cas slides his hand underneath Dean’s shirt and pulls him closer for an actual kiss, a better one this time.
“Damn,” Bobby stutters out, and his voice is thick in the way it only gets when he’s choked up about something. “God dammit. Shit. Alright, Platte City ain’t too far from Lawrence, I can be there in less than an hour. You boys stayin’ somewhere?”
You sound like. You sound like a good dad. Like you really give a shit. Why wouldn’t I be proud of you for that, man?”
Here, let’s rewind. We’ll go back to the moment just before everything started over again. Be careful with the cassette tape in your hands as you unravel it—it may not look like much, but this cassette is the start of the new beginning. It’s that thin line we talked about before. That sweet spot right down the middle, the best place to aim when everything’s changing anyway. Side A is a ghost, maybe, or it might just be a memory but either way it’s the last thing left of someone who isn’t here anymore. Side B is an instruction manual that will try to tell you how to get them back.
“Dean,” he says. His voice isn’t his own. Or it is, rather, but it’s an echo of himself in the past. The same voice he’d used to tell Dean once that he and his brother were soldiers in a war they didn’t even belong in.
“I’m sorry,” Dean mutters, a little bit helplessly, because he’s not sure what else to say. He keeps his eyes on the bag, on the zipper, on his trembling fingers as he opens it quickly. Everything’s as he remembers. The weapons he had justified keeping, even as he left everything else for Bobby. Sam’s gun. A machete. The shotgun filled with salt rounds. A box of silver bullets. The demon knife. His dad’s journal. All of this used to feel like all his life amounted to. Dean barely even recognizes it now.
“Yeah, we can have a proper housewarming,” Dean huffs out, and Bobby calls him an idiot before hanging up on him.
Dean winks back at him, still not pulling fully away. Cas searches his face, lingering on the tightness at the corners of Dean’s eyes and the way his mouth downturns once the room grows quiet again. He looks better, at least, than he did when he first found out. Cas hopes this means it will continue to get better.
Cas sighs. “I dislike the frequent need to urinate. I have come to loathe my alarm clock. I would spend the whole day in the shower, except for I don’t like the way it makes my fingers feel prunish. I feel hunger at inconvenient times, and cooking bores me to death. But I also love reading books. I enjoy eating food, and enjoying the taste not as individual molecules but as the sum of the whole thing. I could watch the sun rise and set every day. I enjoy listening to Claire’s music, and I like the burn in my muscles after I help you with your remodeling.”
Chuck raises an eyebrow. It’s a storyline that’s too compelling for even him to ignore. “Let’s see you put your money where your mouth is.”
“It’s not your fault,” Cas murmurs. He watches her, even when she looks away again and focuses instead on drinking her tea. He used to be able to heal people with a touch. But here’s no way to heal this, and it eats at him. “I’m sorry for yours.”
you may have noticed this fic is now part of a series!! i do have a sequel planned as well as a few one-shots leading up to that.
If he were a smarter man, he would’ve been skeptical when Kevin had called, too. Wouldn’t have hauled ass out to Kansas based off of the word of some anxious-sounding sixteen year old.  But Dean’s a damn fool and he knows it, and he’s lucky as hell that it worked out for him this time, so he just says, “I’m serious, Bobby.”
“I know you do,” Dean sighs. He falls asleep again, curled into Cas and with his lips brushing against Cas’s temple. Cas just holds him where they are. Unwilling or afraid to let go. He can cling to that, if nothing else. Not letting go of Dean.
“And, what, it tuned you back in to angel radio?” Dean asks. Claire sucks in a sharp breath, and Castiel sags forward when the weight of everything feels too heavy to carry much longer. Dean catches him. He always does. His hands are cool against Castiel’s forehead, pushing strands of sweaty hair out of his face. “What’s big enough that it wakes up humans, too?”
“Ah, hell,” Dean laughs, awkward and bashful. “Yeah, I, uh. We’re trying this new thing, Sammy n’ me. Sobriety. And it turns out, three year olds
He doesn’t fall back asleep, but he stays there while Dean dozes, looking over Dean’s shoulder and out their bedroom window. Watching the sun as it begins to rise.
Claire nods. There’s a wobble at the corner of her mouth that she tries to hide by turning her head. “Okay.”
“I’m gonna get you some water,” Jack says decisively, and he’s gone before Cas can even protest and ask him to stay.
eaten in two months nearly knocks Dean on his ass. He should have ordered more food. Carefully, he asks, “This isn’t your first meal since you got back, right?”
But where love made angels absolute, it makes humans reckless. And Cas knows now that one is far more powerful than the other.
?” Sam blurts out, so loud and sudden that Dean nearly jerks the wheel in response, and, yeah, okay, he probably could have led into that in a better way, but Sam’s still going, “I was gone
Dean can’t keep track of how much time passes, but it doesn’t matter anyway, because one moment they’re standing side by side in silence then the next Bobby’s pulling a flask out of his jacket pocket and pouring some onto the ground. He takes a swig before passing it off to Dean, who follows suit.
This makes Dean laugh, a punched-out thing that’s more surprise than anything else. “I guess I would look older to you right now.”
There’s nothing he can think of to say. Cas doesn’t know how to express the trepidation he feels, instinctual, ingrained in him since he was created out of dust and molded into an angel. Doesn’t know how to protect Claire from whatever they’re letting in their house. Doesn’t know how to reassure Dean that everything will be fine. Doesn’t know how to tell Sam that he believes him, he wants to believe this child will be good, even with every instinct telling him not to. Cas understood, long ago, that human emotions are larger than they appear and far more complicated than the labels that get slapped on the tin, but. It’s one thing to know that and another to experience it, all of it, at once.
Sam comes home for one or two days every other week, during June. He almost always brings some kind of present for Claire, even if it’s just a postcard from wherever he stopped last. Dean loads him up with food and Cas loans him books to read on his downtime and when he isn’t there, they all miss him terribly.  The road keeps him busy, even though he doesn’t talk about his hunts, and Cas is grateful for that. But Sam is kept busy by checking in on Bobby and going where Bobby sends him, and following up with hunters like CJ and her friend and Jody and her partner and a list of new names that Cas doesn’t recognize. He pops in on Kevin, the young prophet, from time to time as well, making sure he’s safe and helping the family out when he can. He seems proud of the work he’s doing, though there always seems to be something lingering in the back of his mind no matter how big his smile is.
“Hiya, Sammy,” he chokes out, and he reaches for his baby brother to tug him into a desperate, bone-crushing hug.
“This isn’t how the story is supposed to end,” Chuck snarls. “The gathering storm, the gun! The father killing his own son, this is Abraham and Isaac! This is epic!”
Behind him, Dean presses a hand to Cas’s shoulder and turns him just enough for an easy kiss. His eyes are shining when he pulls away. “Helluva story there, Cas.”
For a while, all he can do is sit there, breathing in one shaky breath after another, pressing his fingertips to his throat. He’s human. He’s
He’s all too familiar with drives like this but it’s far more lonely than he expected it to be with no one in the seat next to him. Stupid. He hunted for a few years on his own, before he rolled up to Stanford and royally fucked up Sam’s life, so it shouldn’t bother him hitting the road on his own. Some awful part of him, though, can’t stop thinking about how lonely he’d felt back then, too.
“Maybe,” Dean agrees. “Then again, I’ve never been a parent myself. They might have better wisdom than I do.”
Existing is a fickle thing. One moment there was nothing, and the next, there was an irreversible burst of energy that didn’t even leave a tangible impression on the angels that came before him. It doesn’t matter; it’s how every angel comes into existence, and this is something they all know even as early as the beginning.
“Later,” Jenny says, giving him an apologetic shrug. “She owns the joint, so she normally comes ‘round for the night shift. I can ask her to come in a bit earlier if you’ve got somewhere else to be today.”
“Claire,” Cas says, hurt, but when he stands to stop her from leaving the kitchen and going up to her room, Dean stands too, putting a hand on his chest to hold him in place. Neither of them move until they hear her door close. It’s not even a slam, but for some reason that makes Cas flinch even harder.
you guys are so gross, it’s not even ten!” She’s got a hand over her eyes. And that thrills Cas, truthfully—the idea that they could embarrass her, the way that normal parents embarrass their children. And Dean, he loves it, too, and he loves to ham it up, going in for another kiss and making Claire shout in mock disgust.
Dean’s already looking at him when Cas turns. He can’t help but smile. “I’m alive again,” he answers. “And I can allow myself to be happy now, without fear. It’s… I doubt it will always be easy, but right now? Yes, Dean, I’m. I’m okay.”
The creation he’s spent so long adoring is unwelcoming when he joins their ranks, stripped of his wings and terrified and broke, and still he holds onto faith. He’s seen the better parts of humanity. He just has to find them again. He looks, and he gets hurt, and he’s saved, and he gets hurt again.
Dean won’t let it be. Sure, he mourned the kid for damn near a year, and he doesn’t know what to do now that Sammy’s back, but. It’s still his friggin’ brother. Still the same kid that he knows better than anyone, the same kid that Dean grew up making sure had a better childhood than he could.
This is a story, he tells them, about the illusion of choice, and the men who shattered that mirror and gave the world free will with its broken pieces. This is a story about a boy king who dented the crown they placed on his head and fell on his own sword to save everyone; and it is a story about his brother and how his faith was stronger than any other force on earth, even though it wasn’t faith in God. And it’s a story, Cas tells them, but it’s the truth, and while their mother told them once that angels were watching over them, he’s glad that they aren’t now, because it means that the brothers are finally free.
Here’s one answer: he screws over everyone else to keep his brother safe. Here’s another: he sells his soul to the demon in turn for his brother’s life.
Dean’s heart is in his throat. His heart is five hundred miles west of here, in the palm of Cas’s open hands. He wants Cas to say it. He doesn’t want Cas to say it like this. The enormity of it all is sitting in the car with him, like a passenger who he can’t look in the eye. He doesn’t feel lonely anymore, and he’s never been more alone. Finally, Dean says, “I know, Cas.”
That’s all it takes for Cas to pull his focus entirely from his book. He stops Dean before he gets too far away, putting his hand on Dean’s chest and reeling him in and back down for a real kiss. Dean smiles into it in the way that always makes Cas feel like he’s taken flight again.
Twelve years ago, Cas broke through the narrative for a mortal man, and they spent the next decade plus a few years dancing around it. Twelve weeks ago, Dean decided that the ending he was supposed to stick with wasn’t good enough, and he decided that he’d find a way to change it.
and he doesn’t have a damn clue what he meant to say. He blinks, scrambling, before the words come tumbling out of him, “I know we’re both trying to make sure Claire’s good, but I can take care of more than one person at a time. So. If you need anything.”
“I’m just trying to figure out what we’re doing here, Dean,” Lisa says. Her eyes track him as he sits back down, in his same spot, and picks up the near-empty glass of whiskey once again. “You showed up on my doorstep a week ago, but you’ve spent every night on the couch. You’re normal at dinner but drink yourself to sleep every time Ben and I go to bed. You’ve had nightmares every night, but we keep pretending we can’t hear it. Are you here for me? For… for us? Because I can’t just. I can’t just do that to Ben, not without. Explaining it.”
Castiel doesn’t answer at all. All he does is shine a little brighter, maybe, or burn stronger as he takes on Dean’s words. There’s the swell of it, a burst that crowds closer and aches to be familiar. It is, maybe, the first seed of doubt. Or maybe it’s just Cas, and that alone is brilliant.
“No,” Dean disagrees. “All of your angels come out like that. That ain’t what made Cas special. You wanna know what did? You wanna know what made this Cas so prone to choosing his own path? It was me.”
Dean can’t help but laugh at that. It bubbles out of him unbidden. “You got no idea, Sammy,” Dean says, and he responds to Cas with,
“How’s Kansas?” she asks, and there’s a tense pause where he can almost hear her weighing whether or not to ask her next question. “Did you figure out what you’re, um. Hunting?”
A few feet away from them, Claire and Kevin are giggling about something that Cas lost the plot of about thirty minutes back. Sam’s helping Theresa start the fire pit. It’s barely late enough that the sun is thinking about setting, and Cas’s bones feel sticky with a warm kind of tiredness he’s only felt after days like this.
And what’s it all for? Dean bitterly looks at the ground and resigns himself to the fact that there’s some type of cosmic entity out there that didn’t get their fill in the first time so it’s coming back for a redo now, and making sure all the best players are around to do their part. Dean’s exhausted. He doesn’t wanna be a friggin’ chess pawn anymore. He wants off the board. Back to the life he literally built for himself out of the foundations of things other people hadn’t wanted. And he wants his brother. God, he wants Sam back so bad it makes him feel like he’s four years old again and reaching for a mother whose arms will never wrap around him one last time. He misses Sam in a childish way he never got to, before.
It lights him up from the inside out, starting at every point where Dean’s body brushes against his and intensifying any time Dean pulls away. One of Dean’s hands caresses his cheek and the back of his neck. A softer embrace than Cas has ever been given before. The flame is going to swallow up the remains of his grace soon, when Cas gives it up and falls from the Host one final time.
“You’re very good at this,” Cas comments. He can’t draw to save his life, which is why he had laughed when the rec center had offered him a painting class.
“I will have a good day, I guess,” Cas tells him, mimicking the way Dean had said it, and it makes Dean laugh. Then there’s a beat. A moment of hesitation, and a lifetime of uncertainty in his voice as he says, “Dean, I…”
“You’re right, it’ll put me in a real pickle addin’ one more cup to the eight I already got ready to go,” Lorinda tells him solemnly. She gestures for him to follow her into the kitchen, so Dean does, listening as she continues, “Tell you what, this is the best damned iced tea you’ll ever have, and you can take that to the bank. Secret recipe passed down from mama to mama ‘til it made its way to my old hands.”
And that’s just the thing, ain’t it? The places that mean something, the ones you romanticize, the ones you memorialize, they stay the same. They turn into haunted houses whether you want them to or not.
Cas leaves. Dean listens to his footfall as he walks down the hall. Listens for Cas’s tentative knock on Claire’s bedroom door, and the low rumble of their voices before she lets him into her room. They don’t come right away, but Dean’s grateful for that. His hands are shaking so bad he’s afraid it might scare Claire.
“I do know what blind faith is,” Cas admits. His son’s eyes are on him, hanging on to every word. Cas does his best to make them count. “I used to just follow orders without question, and I did some pretty terrible things. I… would never look beyond the plan. And then, of course, when it all came crashing down, I found myself lost. I didn’t know what my purpose was anymore.”
“You should have woken me,” he says grumpily, taking a seat on a stool. Dean just grins at him and cracks an egg into a mixing bowl. “You’re baking?”
“So you heard my prayers?” Claire asks. There are tears in her eyes and Dean can’t do a damn thing to stop it.
“Two months?” Dean demands. He yanks open the door to the Impala and drops into the seat heavily, jamming the key into the ignition. “He’s been in Pontiac for two months, human? What the hell has he been doing?”
The whisk scrapes against the side of the metal bowl, and the noise reverberates in Cas’s ears. Cas turns his head. “She still won’t tell me. I stick by my previous suggestion, if she continues to keep her silence.”
“Claire and I were supposed to go running this morning,” Sam murmurs. “She, uh. Didn’t get out of bed. Looks like she’s sick, so. I figured you’d wanna go check on her.”
“You aren’t scared of the dark,” Cas agrees, after pausing for perhaps a moment too long. He presses a kiss to her forehead, blinking back the tears that well suddenly in his eyes. “But there’s nothing wrong with a little light so your loved ones know you’re safe.”
As Cas coughs and gasps for air, choking on all of the fire and water and tar that has tried to kill him in the past, someone turns him to his side. The hands are warm and steadying, and they hold Cas as he tries to claw his deathbed out of his throat.
He feels the warmth before anything else. A heat that makes the hairs on the backs of his arms and neck stand up, that makes his skin tingle just below the surface. There’s static in his ears. Dean knows, then, even before the slight flutter of light wings, that the angel’s finally found him.
Quietly, Cas goes to the door that connects the two rooms and knocks. He waits for half a minute for no response, then pulls it open and peeks his head inside. Dean catches a glimpse of Claire curled up under the covers on a bed in there, asleep.
Claire’s eyes dart between them, and hesitation spreads across her face. “Never mind,” she says softly, already backing up. “Sorry. Goodnight.”
Dean’s blushing again, when Theresa hauls him up onto the bench with her, but he’s beaming with pride and preening under the claps and cheers of his friends and family. Cas celebrates the loudest out of all of them.
“Gone,” Dean mutters. He downs the rest of his water and sets the glass down, empty, on the coffee table. He rubs at his eyes. “He’s. Yeah. He’s gone. Cas, too. Ah. You never met Cas, but. Dude was my best friend. Family, too. They’re both gone.”
at him. He doesn’t even seem to hesitate before he pulls Sam into a hug, too, and Sam melts into it in relief. Dean looks away before his eyes can start to itch. “I’m happy you’re back,” Cas tells him, letting go. “Are you doing alright?”
i set myself on a tentative posting schedule of wednesdays but then i got excited and wrote this and also it's my bestie's bday so i'm dedicating this chapter to her bc i love her mwah mwah mwah love u ceej
“I,” Claire starts. Even in the dark, Cas can tell the moment her eyes start to fill with tears. Her voice is strained when she finally continues, “I want, um. It’s dumb.”
“Like hell,” Bobby tells him, and he drops his bag on the floor of the living room like it proves his point. “You’re gonna sleep in a real bed. That’s the kinda privilege you get when your ass gets busted outta Hell.”
Dean crosses the room in a few short strides. They both sigh in relief when Dean gets his hands on Cas, pulling him up for a brief, easy kiss. Cas clings to his shirt like he’s not really sure he can believe Dean is truly here.
What if you said, “if I asked you if the brother that you favored is the older one, would you answer sam?” If sam is yes, the god who always tells the truth would say dean—but so would the god who always lies. If sam is no, they would both answer dean. What we’ve pieced together, here, is that they will always answer with the same word as one another, and they will always answer with the word you use first. So what questions do you ask?
“Hello?” Dean answers, because he can only really avoid Bobby for so long, and two months is long enough. He wonders, briefly, if Bobby will be proud to know what Dean’s doing out here in Colorado. “Bobby?”
“Cas, this won’t, uh,” Sam starts. He huffs quietly, frustrated. Cas wonders if Kelly Kline is asleep in the passenger seat next to him. If that’s why he whispers. If that’s why he feels safe enough to say any of this at all. “I mean. Dean’s birthday’s tomorrow. I’m not… ruining it, am I?”
He can hear Lorinda out there, as she hands out drinks. Mostly he hears the boys start yelling and talking over one another in excited voices until hers rises above all of them and they fall silent to listen to her. It’s wonderfully childish, and it makes Dean smile.
Everything just feels fucked up. Sam’s gone. Up til twenty hours ago, he’d thought Cas was still dead, too. Dean pulled his own sorry ass out of the game just to find out Cas has been wandering around graceless and probably broke, and to top it all off there’s a kid in the room next to him that Cas may or may not be legally responsible for now.
She makes a noise of sympathy at that. Her eyes dart to Sam, for a moment, before she gives him a warm smile. “Hey, Sam. Good to see you back in town.”
The door swings open, and a woman who looks so much like Missouri Moseley that it nearly sends Dean staggering backwards peers at him curiously. She’s got a stained apron on, and after she looks him up and down she gives him a gummy smile. “Dean?” she asks.
Dean wipes his mouth with his napkin again and sits back, burger finished. There’s surprise in his voice as he says, “You really care about this.”
“Some whisperings,” Cas admits. “Most about the demon attack against Sam and Kelly last night. It doesn’t seem like they know exactly what happened, so it’s likely that they don’t know Sam is bringing Kelly here.”
