Back at the fire station, they waited with coffee provided by the firefighters. At three, a pickup truck pulled into the east end lot. The flood waters had reached the street and Dean’s boat was tied off at a telephone pole standing tall out of the water.  Dean walked out into the rain and watched as Ketch alit from the cab. “Winchester.”
There was shock and maybe a bit of wonderment in that single word and Dean grinned, shrugged, and turned in his seat. “Ready to get out of that seat, princess?”
It took them about thirty minutes to get everything off the boat and carried the hundred yards or so to the clearing. Tents were set up and cots were unfolded. Dean helped Benny gather firewood and soon, their ride departed. They were alone. Dean had flashes of the horror movies where giant snakes ate humans one by one. Or the one with the huge crocodile... He slapped at his arm. More likely a mutant mosquito.
“Sweet Cheeks?” Dean said as they rounded the endcap stacked with the toilet paper that was on sale.
Pissed, Dean stood quickly, the chair scraping across the tiled floor. He glared at Crowley. “I. Have. Never. Fucked. Anyone. On. Staff.” Each word was spat out and Crowley had the good sense to step back. “Cas... Cas and I were friends.”
Dean blew out a breath and met Benny’s gaze head on. “Look, Lafitte, I’m bi. Okay, so let’s get this out in the open now. If you have an issue with it, let me know and we’ll talk about getting other sleeping arrangements next rotation.” He kept his voice even, but the hurt and anger were simmering just below the surface.
“Oh, hell no, but I slept like a rock last night. We have a great show to do today. Annnnnd, you look hot as fuck with your sexy bedhead.” He reached up and ruffled Castiel’s hair before plopping down on one of the chairs.
“Yeah, you explained and I’m good, Cas. I’m fucking fantastic. I’m going to finish up this shitshow and go home. With any luck, you won’t have to see me again.”
“So, you won the contest with your burger. Can you walk me through it?” Dean, being the television professional that he was, kept a straight face.
It sounded so final. He supposed it was. A friendship with the man was crazy, anyway. They lived nearly a thousand miles away from each other. It wasn't like they could catch a Yankees game or a beer after work.
“A few times. There are some great places to hike around here,” Castiel looked out at the passing scenery.
There was a part of Dean that wanted to make out with Cas until it led to lazy sex, but his forty-year-old body was acting against him. He yawned and curled up under the thick comforter. Cas was on his back next to him and seemed a hundred miles away. Dean wasn’t one to cuddle, but he shuffled closer and tugged Cas until he became the little spoon. Dean smiled into the back of his neck and whispered. “Sleep.”
“What’s a complace?” John asked, tugging on Castiel’s hand. “Can we goes to your zoo? I only been once with Unca Sam and Aunt Eileen.”
“Did you take off work for this?” Sam was a pediatrician at the huge hospital. Dean was proud of who he’d become, which was why Sam’s plan wasn’t going to work out. He was an ex-con. No one would care that he’d been innocent. Sam probably hung out with other doctors. Wasn’t Eileen some sort of reporter? They didn’t need Dean around.
“And I heard you and he had dinner together at Winchester’s, plus you gave him rides to his hotel a few times, didn’t you?” Balthazar asked, leaning on the table, eyes dancing with mischief.
A nudge woke him. “Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey.” Grunting again and wishing it was the weekend instead of just hump day, Cas sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He had a nice view of Dean’s beautiful backside as he bent over to pull on a pair of boxer briefs. His eyes swung to the hamper by the closet, where Dean’s dirty clothes from yesterday littered the floor.
“Of course, he can. There was a clause that allowed him to break the contract if it inferred with the care of his child. That is the excuse he gave, but I don’t believe that. Do you...
Dean sputtered and couldn’t think of a comeback until the man was too far away to hear him. “Yeah, well I need to get to... yeah, you know what... whatever.”
As if sensing Castiel’s presence, he spun and grinned, still singing. He reached behind to turn the burner to low and waltzed across the kitchen to shimmy in front of Castiel. He held out his hand. “Dance with me, Cas.”
“Sometimes. Who would want me though?” He whispered. He briefly wondered if this was Sam’s subtle way of letting him know he needed to find a new place to live.
He should have stayed longer. He’d known that Anna was having a hard time dealing with being a single mother. She’d been tired and barely eating. Maybe if he would have stayed, she would have been alive today.  The date made him pause. It was only a month before she was killed. He flipped over the next couple of entries and realized there were only a few filled pages left. So many blank sheets. A life wasted. Knowing it would be painful, he went to the very last entry.
Gabriel and Ruby lived in Dunwoody in a quiet neighborhood. He pulled into their driveway and took a deep breath. His brother was warm and funny, as was his wife, but sometimes they were overwhelming. Especially when it came to how they thought Castiel should live his life. They thought Castiel had become reclusive since he'd gotten the horrific call all those months ago telling him that his older sister had died in a car accident, leaving his newborn niece without a mother. Castiel had flown out from California where he'd been working as a pastry chef in a prestigious bakery and moved into Anna's condo in the Buckhead area of Atlanta. Gabriel, also stricken by the news, was just opening Sweets. Between the two of them, they'd put a lot of blood, sweat and money into the restaurant. Maybe he was reclusive, but he had a daughter to raise now. Claire was his world.
“Tell me you don’t love me and I’ll leave,” Cas implored. If Dean didn’t... it would kill him. It felt like a hand was squeezing his heart. It was physical pain.
“You are quite welcome. I... I kept it formal because...” Why? What plausible reason could he give. So, Crowley wouldn’t find out that I found you attractive? Or better yet, Crowley wouldn’t find out that I jerked off in the shower and came with an image of you on your knees in my head?
“The anesthesia probably caused her lack of appetite. Keep it light tonight and if she doesn’t eat her regular meal tomorrow, let me know.” His mind wasn’t on his charges though, it was on Dean. Castiel was usually the awkward, social stilted person in any given situation.
“I have a cooler in the back with drinks, sandwiches and a couple of apples.” Castiel was surprised. So surprised, he didn’t respond for a few seconds. “It’s not much and if you don’t like it, we can swing through a drive-thru.”
“Shit, man, you misunderstood. It’ll be my treat. And you can call me Dean.” The chef put his hands in his pockets and hunched his shoulders, his posture making him appear boyish. Castiel wondered if he did it on purpose.
“Once upon a time, this cool, delectably hot knight in shining armor, strode into the castle. Well, the prince of the castle was so impressed that he made all these stupid moves to get the guy to like him.” Dean felt Cas settle on the bed beside them. “The prince’s moves were pretty lame and the knight rolled his eyes and then rode away on his silver, winged steed. But, see here’s the good part... the prince was so crazy about the knight that he got his own winged steed and followed him to his kingdom in the south. He tried everything to make the knight like him, but alas, the knight was bewitched by an old curse.” Dean felt Cas’ fingertips brush up his arm, coming to rest over his on Claire’s back.
“Sorry, just remembered I need to talk to Dad about my plans to stay on one of the rigs.” He’d already talked to his brothers about it but had yet to clear it with his father. Castiel wanted to write a research paper on the effects of oil rigs on marine life in the gulf. Before Michael could respond, Castiel turned around and headed to his father’s office.
“I’d feel better if I could help,” Castiel said, blatantly ignoring Dean by taking a handful of dishes to the kitchen. He grinned at Dean when the man rolled his eyes.
Frank leaned forward. “We heard all about it, Dean. So, why are you here? Surely you don’t think Jimmy had anything to do with it. He barely knew her.”
A kid of about eighteen or nineteen stood behind the register. He was smiling at an elderly man. “Here’s your change, Mr. Porter, and here is your order.” The customer took a bright yellow bag and ambled away. Dean stepped up to the counter. “Hello, welcome to Heaven’s Sweetness, what would you like today?”
“Oh, that’s all. Well, we sat here on the porch until dark and the mosquitos started biting. Maybe... what... eight or so?” Mildred turned to Frank and he nodded. “Then...”
“Wh...What... uh, no.” A smile lit up his face and Castiel’s palms began to sweat. The man was truly beautiful. “You asking me out, Cas?”
“No. Hey, is this the door?” The small hand gripped the brass doorknob of the set of French doors leading to his backyard.
“Yeah, it’s pretty awesome. Claire has been going to Pride since she was old enough to drive, but this year, she asked me to get involved. I’ve flown a rainbow flag outside my business since she came out to me... tryin’ to be supportive as I can. It ain’t easy in Texas sometimes.”
“I’m not...” He sat down at his desk with a huff and buried his face in his hands. “Cas doesn’t want to see me anymore.” There, he said it. He waited for words of sympathy, but they never came.
“Uh, if you don’t have plans, you could, like, maybe, come over for dinner. You know, as a welcome to the neighborhood.” Again, Castiel noticed the blush.
It wasn’t until he went to the milking shed to help with cleaning for the next morning’s session that Dean balked. “Whoa,” he said, wrinkling his nose. “It stinks in here.”
Cas hung his head and gave a small shrug. “I’m sorry, but being 'together' with someone is difficult for me. It might be a learning process and I must ask for patience.”
Castiel lowered his forehead to rest on the steering wheel. He had no idea how long it was until Dean got back into the Jeep. Minutes or hours, he couldn’t have said. He’d spent his time thinking of Claire’s firsts. Her first word. Her first tooth. Her first step. Things that neither of her biological parents had seen. If she was taken from him, at least he’d have those memories.
“You treat me like a child,” she shouted. “Mom would have let me go.” Dean hung his head and counted to ten. Yes, Cassie would have probably let her go, but Cassie wasn’t here. Cassie was never coming back. Their affair had burned bright and then faded when she finally understood that Dean wasn’t giving up his job as a deputy sheriff. She’d left and a few months later, she’d called and informed him he was going to be a dad.
“I said no, Frank.” It was for the best. Not that Cas would have given him a sappy goodbye. Or even promised to call. Dean wanted to laugh. No, it was better this way.
Hearing Cas’ usual deep voice crack added to Dean’s own excitement. He continued to pump the shaft, taking as much as he could into his mouth, while his left hand found his own cock, releasing it from its confines. He swirled his tongue around the head, tasting the explosion of salty precum.
While Cas was packing up Claire’s things from earlier in the day, Dean spied his suitcase against the back wall. The Macy’s bag was next to it. Claire was being passed around from servers, to prep cooks, to Gabe himself. It made Dean smile and imagined her in his kitchen at Winchester’s. Having a kid in a busy restaurant had a lot of drawbacks, but Cas had made it work. Soon, she’d outgrow the playpen and then what? With the two of them, they could make it work. Cas could work during the afternoons, Dean at night... His hand gripped tight to the closest work surface. What was he thinking? Cas might not want to uproot his life in Atlanta. How long could they do the long-distance thing? He looked at Cas, talking quietly to his brother, Claire in his arms. He could cut his losses now, just call a cab, board a plane, and that would be it. His life would be back to normal.
Dean joined them before he could ponder further. “Sammy, give me my kid.” He grabbed up Claire and tossed her into the air. Her giggles loud and infectious.
They rode the elevator up and it opened into Dean’s loft. Cas looked around, mouth agape. Dean tried to see it from Cas’ eyes. The twelve-foot ceilings with open beams, brick walls left from the days when the building was a warehouse, huge windows letting the lights of the city spill over the room, brightening it, even though Dean hadn’t even turned on the lights yet. He hit the switch and the room was illuminated from the large industrial fixtures suspended from the ceiling.
“Me neither,” Dean whispered. “Not gonna lie, Cas, I tried. I tried fuckin’ hard to forget you.” Cas didn’t want to think of Dean and others. He could not fault him. He’d be a hypocrite. In his wilder days, he had different lovers every night. Recently, those interested in him were always found lacking.
At Cas’ room, he knocked loudly. Then he put his hand over the peep hole. If Cas knew it was him, he probably wouldn’t open the freakin’ door. It opened. “Jesus, Cas, this is New York, you don’t fuckin’ open your door until you know who it is.” Cas blinked and shut the door. What. The. Fuck.
“Not a problem, Boss.” Ash pulled out into the morning traffic. The driver didn’t seem to think anything of Castiel being at Dean’s so early in the morning. Then again, he was probably used to Dean’s hookups. Castiel was sure there were plenty. He was just another in a long line of people Dean Winchester had fucked. He wouldn’t let that thought upset him. No, it had been his decision. He knew exactly what he was getting into.
“It’s back at the hotel. The driver came so early this morning that I left without it.” The cutting New York cold had bitten through his suit jacket easily. Living in the south had made him overly sensitive to the cold.
“Do it,” Dean challenged. He sat up and wrapped his arms around Castiel. Before he lowered his mouth to kiss him again, he whispered, “Make me yours.”
“Kind? Nope, just didn’t want you dying of starvation on my watch.” Shit, his dickish behavior was back. What was it about Novak that made him act like a junkyard dog defending his territory?
Today’s ensemble included another pair of jeans, these looked more worn, and an unbuttoned flannel shirt over a plain tee. The jeans accentuated the man’s bowed legs. Castiel’s mind went south for all of five seconds before he reined it in. His own hand had been his bed partner for the last... God, had it really been two years? “Stop it,” he muttered to himself.
“I wouldn’t date a younger woman either. I want someone in my own generation. And I’m forty-four.” Dean nodded. So, the professor was only three years older than him. “He’s jealous of you.”
Dean shook his head. “No, I’m in Beacon Hill. Well, my brother is, I’m just staying there for... until I find a job.”
“We’re family. Dad fucked you over and you need to take your life back and if that means taking help from us, so be it. If the tables were turned, would you give me a place to live for as long as I needed it?” Sam should have been a freakin’ lawyer. He sure knew how to turn things around.
“Oh, deputy, thank God you’re here. This man has insulted me and threatened me...” Lilith turned on the waterworks and Dean refrained from rolling his eyes. He didn’t know her well, but he knew enough. She’d been one of the mean girls in high school, came from a rich family, and was a beauty pageant winner. Miss Lee County or some nonsense. Last he heard, she’d gone to Atlanta to try her hand at an acting career.
“Leave? No, man. I was just checking to see...” Cas wasn’t buying it. It was clearly written on his face and even someone with Dean’s emotional capabilities could see it. He ran his hand through his hair and sighed. “Look, you didn’t do anything wrong today. I was the one who fucked up the taping.”
Instead of Cas coming out, Gabe Novak was the one who came through the doors. The shorter man greeted Dean with a handshake and a grin. Dean held up the box of gourmet truffles that had set him back a hundred bucks. "I was hoping to see Cas and give him these."
“Hey, princess.” He reached out his hand and then drew back. He didn’t want to spook Cas. He could only imagine what had gone through the man’s mind. The guy he was fucking was also the father of his kid. Jerry Springer couldn’t have made this shit up. He watched carefully as Cas buckled all the straps. Damn, it looked complicated. This was just one of the many things he’d have to learn. Damn, he’d have to babyproof his condo. He’d need a bunch of stuff if Cas and Claire came to visit. No, not if... when.
He pulled out in traffic and without giving thought to where he was going, he pulled into a shady spot by the Best Friends Doggie Daycare. He could hear the yapping of dogs through his open window. With Cas working all day and Dean out of the picture, Lola spent her days here. A couple of weeks back, he’d gone inside and asked for his dog. They refused to let him have her. It broke his heart. He hadn’t seen her in three weeks. Last weekend, he worked overtime to catch some scumbag who’d beat a homeless man to death. He was a cop. It was his job. That’s why he missed his weekend with his… their… bullmastiff.
“Hey, I’m not worried. I was just curious. That’s all.” He refused to look at the big Cajun, because he knew he’d see disbelief written all over that face.
He felt the steady beat of Cas’ heart under his palm. Cas’ hands rested on Dean’s waist, fingers curling into his skin. Then ever so slowly, they moved to span his lower back before moved down to cup his ass. Cas brought them even closer together, their hips flush against each other. He felt Cas’ thick cock and it sent a shiver up his spine. He’d had men over the years, but those times consisted of fumbled hand jobs and half-hearted blowjobs. Cas had been the only man to ever fuck him. He didn’t know how to ask for that. Back then, he hadn’t needed to ask. Cas just knew him.
The conversation had gone from light-hearted to deep in a manner of minutes. Castiel remained sitting until he heard the bantering and clanging of pots in the kitchen. He yawned. He was exhausted. With one last glance at the kitchen doors, he made his way back to his cabin. The conversation might have proved that Dean was bisexual, but his last sentence was proof he preferred women.
“Where did you go to school?” Dean asked, arm along the back of the seat, knee propped up so he sat sideways, facing Castiel.
“Sure, Clarence, anything for you,” she cooed sweetly. Dean wondered if they were a thing. They walked into Cas’ small office and shut the door. Kevin shrugged and started pulling out ingredients. Dean went back to his cupcakes.
His mind on Cas, he didn’t have time to get nervous about the flight. Once they were airborne, he ordered a drink. By the time the plane landed in Atlanta, he’d had four. Just enough to give him the courage to face Cas and find out what he’d done wrong.
A woman, Castiel assumed was the hairdresser, entered. It wasn’t a large room to begin with, but now it seemed claustrophobic. The woman turned him to face the mirror, and she frowned at his reflection. His hair was the bane of his existence. He’d tried all kinds of products, but his hair always looked like he’d just crawled out of bed. She picked up a pot of something, and Dean’s voice interrupted Crowley’s directions on when to end for a commercial break.
. Was this some kind of cosmic joke? The first person he’d really wanted in his life and his past comes back to haunt him. No, that sounded shitty. Claire wasn’t a bad thing. She was adorable and...
Castiel entered and sat opposite of Dean. “Ash, take us around Central Park.” Castiel looked up at Dean, confused.
“Yeah,” Dean seemed to shake himself out of a trance. “Well, hopefully, he didn’t say anything else embarrassing. He once told his entire preschool class that I wore Batman underwear. I think the teachers picture me in them every time I pick him up. It’s kind of crazy.”
Castiel reluctantly released his grip and took a small step back. “Since I plan on continuing, I suppose you should lie down.”
“I can’t find someone like that, Dean.” Dean’s eyes seemed to be trying to communicate something to him, but Cas didn’t understand.
“He didn’t do anything to me.” Castiel sounded defeated even to his own ears. “He...” Castiel stopped when he noticed the kitchen staff trying to appear as if they weren’t listening to every word. He inhaled sharply and marched toward Gabriel’s office. His brother was right behind him and shut the door with a loud click.
“I should get back inside before another neighbor complains about public indecency or disturbing the peace,” Castiel said, side-stepping Mildred’s comment.
“We shall work on housetraining them right away,” Castiel said as he removed the silicone milking cups. He disposed of the liners and applied fresh ones for the morning milking.
Fifteen minutes later, Victor Henricksen barged in. “I’m not even going to tell you what a dumbass, motherfucking idiot...” He stopped and shook his head. “I got no words, man. What the hell? Five days and you got made? That’s a rookie... you know, I’m shutting my mouth now before I say something that will really hurt your feelings.”
“Never mind,” Dean said, unable to make eye contact. It was none of his business. Silence settled around them as both men continued their respective tasks.
"I said date, Castiel...I never mentioned Winchester." He sat Claire down on the carpet where she immediately made her way over to the large hamper of toys. "Interesting that you did though. I've heard he swings both ways...did something happen in the Big Apple that your older brother needs to be aware of?"
Parking in the loading zone, he turned his hazard lights on and stepped out, daring the rent-a-cop to tell him to move his vehicle. He was on official business... kind of.
“You shut up,” Dean told his brother. “And you...” He pointed to Castiel. “...are not the boss of me.”
Back at his apartment, Dean finished off the champagne. He drank it right out of the bottle, like the white trash he once was. He stood at the large window overlooking Central Park and wondered what Cas would think if he knew Dean and his little brother once lived in a car with their drunk of a father. That was one part of his own bio that no one knew about except his closest friends and family.
The next day, Sam took him to the bank and he set up an account with a deposit of forty-two thousand dollars and some change. He got a new debit card and just like that, he was a member of society.
“Fergus? No, the sale was handled by a solicitor.” Castiel felt like he was in an episode of the Twilight Zone. “Ma’am, please, I have an appointment and I need you to leave.”
Later that night, after taking a couple of Advil PMs, Castiel lay on his back staring at the ceiling. He’d taken every blanket in the house and made a bed for himself. It wasn’t perfect, but it would do until he bought a new one. He fired off a text to Dean telling him what he’d gotten accomplished.
They bickered all the way back to the boat and then it happened. Dean pulled rank on Novak and he watched in nervous fascination as the man unloaded on him. “Warden Winchester, I was given the authority by the US Fish and Wildlife Service to study the alligator population because of my experience and knowledge. I can assure you that I know what I’m doing. And for the record Crocodile Dundee was fictional character. If you want to compare me to anyone, I would prefer Steve Irwin. At least, he was a
I know it's been awhile. Between vacation and work, it was hard to get into the grove. The week I spent in Dripping Springs recharged by batteries. I got to see Jensen in his natural habitat and got a selfie with him. Made my millennium. Saw an old friend and met many new ones. The job search is going good. I had an awesome interview, now we wait for them to find me a home in their company.
Something in his tone must have told her he wasn’t in the mood for her good-natured teasing.  “You okay?”
The cameras rolled as they grilled the burgers to perfection and served them to Charlie and Benny before passing them out to the tasting table. “These are freakin’ awesome, Cas,” Dean said, taking another huge bite.
The two of them stepped onto the concourse and Cas led the way to baggage claim. Gabe had arranged for a car to meet them and he scanned the area. An older African American man stood to the side with a sign reading D. Krushnic. It was his alias for hotel reservations and any other time he needed to stay undercover.
At the studio, he sat in the chair while Becky worked her magic. She didn’t say anything about the dark circles under his eyes. If his co-hosts noticed he was more subdued than usual, they didn’t mention it. He was going over the notes for the episode when Crowley stormed into the conference room. Charlie and Benny both looked up. “What the fuck did you do?”
By the following Saturday, Dean’s new home was spotless and ready for furniture. The local Lowes delivered his washer dryer combo late that evening and installed it. He locked up and headed down the stairs, following the two deliverymen. Hopefully, this would be his last night at Sam’s house. It wasn’t that he didn’t feel welcome, because that was far from the truth. Mainly, he needed his own space to start the rest of his life, post-prison. He had a job and a home. The only thing left on his mental list of dreams was to find a person to share his life with. Maybe he did need to get out more.
Frank got to his feet and opened Castiel’s refrigerator like he owned the place and made some humming noise. “Lunch meat... beer...” He shut it with a dramatic sigh. “Guess you’re used to eating out at all the ritzy places you travel too, huh?”
His smile was perfect and Castiel wanted... no, needed, to ask him inside, but he knew better. “I’d like that. Tomorrow?”
A white pickup pulled up beside him and Gordon Walker rolled down the window. Dean hated the city worker, but he did his job and that’s all that counted. “Well,
“I need your help,” his brother said, and Dean relaxed. Sam didn’t sound too upset so obviously, no one had died or lost a limb.
“As long as what we say is not libel,” Luke said softly. Chuck looked at his oldest son. His rugged face was pensive. “Yelp is a good venue.”
They landed at JFK and Missouri hugged him before stepping onto the gangway. He remained seated. He would sleep once they were airborne again. He’d made his calls during the overseas flight. All the arrangements had been made. The next few days would be busy. “Here is your meal, sir.” A trusted employee set the warmed bags of blood on the table beside him. He smiled and nodded his thanks.
Castiel felt the molten heat in his belly and grunted as the force of his orgasm washed over him. His eyes flew to Dean. The other man’s expression was one of hunger. Castiel slowed as he became sensitive to touch. He dropped his hand and looked down. Cum stained the bedspread and though he couldn’t really see the floor from his position, he imagined the rug took most of it. Would they charge the studio with a cleaning fee? The thought made him chuckle and Dean looked perplexed. “What?”
Dean snorted. “Do we know if it’s true?” Sam shrugged in response. “Probably one of the high school kids. I can’t believe I missed it.” Dean had been on a much-needed vacation with his daughter and had just gotten back the night before.
He spent Sunday, doing laundry and spending time with Claire. It wasn’t until later that evening that came to the realization that as much as Claire was now his, this condo was not. He was standing at the door of his bedroom with a basket of freshly folded clothes and he saw the room for what seemed like the first time. It was Anna’s bed, Anna’s dresser, even his sister’s artwork on the walls.
Castiel took a few pictures of the school and a couple of Jesse to give to him. He scraped a few barnacles off the tendons of the Blue Sea and then motioned to surface. The trip up took longer as they stopped at every ten feet to decompress. As they broke the surface, Jesse spit out his regulator and grinned. “We’re eating good tonight, doc.”
. “Fuck,” he muttered and went over the side. The water wasn’t deep, but his boots sunk into the muck. “Damn it. Fuck this shit.” He slogged up the bank and slipped twice in the mud before making it to the drier area. He moved over the small rise and inhaled sharply.
With nothing to do until the next morning, Dean went to bed a little early and thought about the blue-eyed pastry chef. He let his hand drift down to his stomach, over the line of hair that started at his naval before coming to rest on his cock. Dean imagined Cas between his legs, taking him in his mouth, those amazing eyes looking up at him while he gave Dean head. Dean cupped his balls and stroked the length of his shaft. He closed his eyes and let the fantasy take him.
“Fine. You win,” Dean said, throwing up his hands in defeat. Cas hid his smile behind a bite of pie.
“His daddy won’t buy him a girlfriend because we do not want to have babies. Not furry ones anyway.” Dean froze and turned around. The talk of children had come up several times over the last couple of years, but Cas had held out. He worried about their careers getting in the way, but with the firm doing so well, he could afford to cut back his hours, especially since they’d hired two more young architects over the summer.
. He walked to the bookcases and was surprised to see not only Vonnegut, but King, Koontz, L’Amour, and even the complete Harry Potter series. He knew Dean was well-read, but his choices of reading material mirrored his own.
Castiel turned to see Pretty Boy walking toward him. “Yes?” Castiel looked longingly at the other contestants leaving the set.
The crash training itself didn’t bother Dean, it was the realization that he’d be flying in a helicopter to the rig. Over water. With the possibility of sharks. He’d seen Jaws and Deep Blue Sea.
“To your car,” Ketch said, looking bored at the grunt detail. He’d also been the one to meet Castiel at the airport and hustle him to an undisclosed location, a seedy hotel west of the city.
. Now, he was going to die in a sweltering compound outside of Caracas, a smear on his perfect record with the Agency.
He found the OIM seated at one of the many round tables in the mess hall. Castiel took the seat across from him. “Jesse was kind enough to share his catch with us. Chef Winchester is whipping up a nice meal with the drum he caught.”
“You should probably go back inside to interrogate that... that... woman.” Dean laughed. He knew the word Milton wanted to use and it sure wasn’t woman.
The drive was tense. Cas wouldn’t even glance his way. Within a few minutes, he pulled into the driveway of a nice house. It was impressive, but not showy. “Excuse me,” Cas said. Ever the polite gentleman, Dean thought sourly.
She swept the sword around the circle she’d cast and the remaining coven lifted their hands. The entire Council stood. Dean looked around and rose to his feet beside Castiel.
As he drove to the sheriff's department, he thought about Cassie. She’d be really proud of their daughter. It was no thanks to him that she was a freakin’ genius. She must have gotten her brains from her mother and her Uncle Sam.  Thank God, the older Audrey, Cassie’s mother, was well off enough to pay for the private school his daughter attended. With her grades, she’d gotten into the entomology program at Kansas State. It was her report on the butterflies of Central America that won her a slot on this expedition.
“Okay, nice to meet you, but you need to get out of my way,” Dean said, his hands tight on the edge of the door.
“So, what is the problem?” Dean shrugged and pulled open Ellen’s top drawer. He pulled out the bottle of Jameson he knew she kept there and twisted off the cap. She took two shot glasses off the shelf behind her and sat them on the desk. Dean poured the amber liquid. He shot the whiskey and leaned back letting the smooth liquid soothe him. She downed hers in smaller sips. They both sat the glasses back on the desk. When Dean went to pour another round, Ellen put her hand over them. Dean sighed dramatically, but set down the bottle.
Dean pulled the truck into his favorite grocery store and dragged Cas in with him. All was good until
Thirty minutes later, he stood at the door, keys in hand. Dean hugged him goodbye and promised to call later, just like any other day. “Don’t forget to floss before your appointment,” Cas directed.
“Whole Foods? What the hell kind of place is this? Don’t they have a Market Basket around here?” Dean took a cart anyway and began to inspect the vegetables.
At the marina Castiel was introduced to the other game wardens and he gave them a quick rundown of what they were looking for and the precautions they all needed to take.
“Yeah, Mandy’s a great kid. She damn sure keeps me on my toes.” He laughed softly and Castiel remembered the laugh from last night. He really was an attractive man. A straight, probably married, attractive man.
“Yes. With the homeschooling, he got to finish up early.” The pandemic was a godsend to Jack, who had always been a loner and hated the social aspects of high school. “Meg will fly in on Thursday night and they’ll leave together on Saturday night.”
The meal would have been a lot tastier if it was served at a regular meal time instead of at nine in the morning. He listened patiently as the hosts told their viewing audience what would be featured on tomorrow’s episode.
“What makes you think I have a plan?” She asked innocently. Chuck lifted his eyes to the ceiling as if to wait for the lightening to strike her.
“I don’t want to watch a movie.” Castiel took a deep fortifying breath, his decision made. He took a step forward, then another until he was in Dean’s personal space. Dean’s gaze was glued to his and Castiel saw those magnificent green eyes darken. Dean licked his lips and Castiel’s eyes dropped to watch.
When his alarm sounded, he’d only gotten about three hours of sleep. Every time he’d closed his eyes, his mind spun like a windmill in a hurricane. What could he use to euthanize it? A well-placed shot could take it down, but aiming a gun at the small area on the back of its skull would take skill, and that was if the creature wasn’t moving. Alligators tended to react negatively to random shots. One that size... well, it would just piss it off.
Sam shared his laugh and then straightened. “I need to get back to the office. Maybe I’ll interview the new guy soon. Having a writer in town could be an interesting fluff piece.”
Not knowing what the dude looked like was an issue, but he was a college professor, or so the file said, sosurely he’d be able to figure out that Dean was a game warden. He made his way to baggage claim and leaned against a wall, watching everyone exiting flights and grabbing their luggage.
As the pause lengthened, Cas lifted a brow in expectation. Dean gave a self-deprecating laugh. “Words aren’t my strongpoint.”
“Hey... come up to the house and let me look at your hand.” He was a glutton for punishment. He should have let Cas leave. He’d go back to his life, knowing Cas hadn’t forgotten him... knowing Cas wasn’t at fault... then what?
my employee, Winchester. I gave you a chance when no one else would open their kitchen to you. You’re good at what you do, but don’t think I can’t blacklist you from ever working in this city again.” The words were spat out and Dean regretted his own outburst. Alistair was right, he could make his life a living hell with his connections.
“Mr. Milton, this is my daughter, Mandy. Mandy, this is Mr. Milton. He’s in town to write...” He looked at Castiel for clarification.
“Fuck you, Cas.” He wasn’t seeing anyone. No one appealed to him, but he’d never tell Cas that. Let Cas continue to think the worse. It would make this easier. He snatched open the door and made sure it slammed loud enough to bother Mrs. Payton next door. Sure enough, she opened her apartment door and stared out at him. He childishly stuck out his tongue at her and stomped toward the elevator.
Dean couldn't keep the man out of his thoughts. It had been a long time since he'd felt so comfortable with someone and so attracted at the same time. Dean Winchester didn't do relationships, but if he did, Cas would be a good candidate.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Sam and this is my brother, Dean.” Dean’s eyes drifted down to her cleavage and Castiel felt a rush of jealousy. Rowena spun around and eyed him sharply.
Mildred stood with her mug. “You coming?” Castiel shrugged and followed her, all the while wondering what ‘research’ Frank had to do.
He knew he’d have to head over to one of the bigger towns to find the Wally World Mildred told him about. Supposedly, it was a large store that sold everything from groceries to car batteries. She’d wanted to come with him, and they’d made plans to go in the morning. He was sure Frank would want to tag along. The two of them reminded him of his parents.
“It’ll be good to see her again,” Castiel said, standing. He bent to kiss his mother’s cheek and she patted his face.
l, she was his sister, a voice in Dean’s head told him. “We were both pretty drunk.” It sounded lame, even to Dean.
“Yes, Claire said you were a good cook.” He straightened and then pulled up short. He leaned back down to see Dean. “I guess we should exchange phone numbers.”
He heard the roar of the Impala’s engine as it pulled into the driveway and then John’s shouts. “He’s here... He’s here.”
He clinched his fists and stared up at the sky. The stars were out. Hunger won out over his mulish behavior and he turned back. The meal was eaten in silence. He couldn’t stand it. He had to know. “When’s the funeral?”
“Like Mildred said, we sat out here until a little after eight, then I went inside. I showered and got ready for bed. I read for a while and then went to sleep.”
Sam sat on one of the bar stools while Dean put together his sandwich. “I’ll go job hunting tomorrow. The faster I find something, the faster I’ll be out of your hair. And speaking of, they let you have that long mop at that hospital of yours?”
“I don’t think that’s the case, Castiel,” Benny was quick to assure him. He patted Castiel on the back and walked off the set. Castiel stood for a few moments longer, looking around at the empty audience seats and the two women loading the dirty cookware onto a cart.
“Thank you, Pret…Chef, but my wallet is a bit thin at the moment.” Castiel spotted the PA coming toward them and breathed out a sigh of relief.
Waiting on the ME’s report was driving Dean crazy, but the wheels of justice ran slow. He’d written his report up and had to decide who to interview first. His gut told him the stranger in town wasn’t the perp, but he still needed to dot his I's and cross his T’s. He’d gotten a couple of calls from the ‘helpful’ citizens of the town demanding that he arrest the
He must have dozed off because abrupt stop startled him awake. He looked out the window. The hotel was nondescript, a typical extended stay, inexpensive but hopefully clean. “I’ll get a cart for my things and then you can be on your way.”
After eating with his brother, and blissfully keeping the topic to things like the weather and baseball, Dean showered and dressed. Cas had sent him a text with his address on it and he was strangely nervous. Living with his boss would be weird, wouldn’t it? He’d never be able to lay out with a hangover and say he had the flu. Not that he’d do that anyway, but still. Weird, but oh so tempting. Cas was a great guy and he would be giving Sam and Eileen privacy.
The guard, Dean thought his name was Joe, reached the gate first and it automatically opened. Dean couldn't help but look up at the camera and wink. He stood to the side and let Dean go through first. He squinted at the bright morning sun. He knew it was illogical, but the air seemed cleaner outside the prison fence.
His own brother, Gabriel, picked that time to join them. He removed the Tootsie Pop from his mouth to point with it toward the end of the hall where the Winchester brothers had disappeared. “Dad called an emergency meeting.”
Castiel showed them through the medical facility and then led them into the reptile house. They were behind the tanks away from the crowds. This was his world. Sam, once they were properly introduced, asked questions, as did John, but Dean was looking queasy as Castiel pulled yet another animal out of its tank. “And this is Morelia Viridis, better known as the Emerald Tree Boa. This is a beautiful female. They are found in the rain forests of Central and South America.” He held her out for their inspection, but Dean stepped behind his brother.
“Dean... I don’t want you to feel like you have to find someplace else to live. This is your home too.”
The director raised his hand and Castiel stopped talking. His fate was sealed and there wasn’t anything more to say. Beside the director, Special Agent Henriksen smirked. “Don’t worry, Novak, I’ll take care of you.”
Winchester did as he was told and Castiel caught the bag easily. He unzipped it and took out the small pistol that held a tranquilizer. It wasn’t enough to put it to sleep, but it would debilitate it. Smaller animals could be caught without the use of the gun, but by the look of the slide, this one might be around five feet or so.
“Hello, my name is Rowena.” She held out her hand like she was expecting them to kiss it. Sam, the taller one, shook it awkwardly.
Having a roommate on the same shift was a blessing and a curse. Thankfully, Benny didn’t snore. Benny liked to work out after shift and then call his wife, so it gave Dean time to get showered and settled before the other man arrived. The curse was simple, no privacy for any alone time that Dean might need. When you love life was DOA, you had to rub one out, or you’d go crazy.
In his cot that night, Dean’s thoughts were on Cas. He’d gotten under Dean’s skin. How was he still single? He thought back to the conversation between Alfie and Ben. There was a picture floating around with Cas kissing, with tongue, another guy. Did he have someone back home? No, Dean knew Cas wasn’t a cheater. He could read people and Cas was a lot of things, but a douche wasn’t one of them.
“That will take some getting used to,” Dean said, releasing him, only to bend down and pick up Claire, who’d been clinging to his pants leg.
All his plans for being smooth and charming went up in smoke as soon as he saw Cas holding the child in his arms. He wasn't going to be able to get Cas alone. No asking him out for a drink. No dinner plans. Definitely not a trip back to his hotel for a nightcap. But he'd come all this way...so, yeah, it was supposed to be for the show and he had done the segment. Still, he only came to Atlanta because Cas lived here.
As he tossed a load of laundry in, he rubbed his shoulder. The teeth marks had long since disappeared, but he felt a phantom ache on occasion.
“Bex, you’ve been sitting in that same spot for the last hour, mumbling under your breath. You’re not fooling anyone.” He sat up, using his calves to press the footrest down. “Talk to me.”
. He pulled up the collar of his coat against the fierce South Dakota weather and put the keys in the lock. Strangely enough, there wasn’t any snow on the ground, but the wind was biting. “I should move to fucking Florida,” he muttered as he got behind the wheel.
“No, don’t be. He was frightening my customers. You are a hero.” Dean shook his head, but the guy, Cas, wasn’t finished. “Let me at least buy you a coffee.”
“Glad you could join us, boys,” Becky said, coming over to hug them both. Her once blond hair was streaked with gray, but she kept her figure and was currently wearing a dark blue dress and matching pumps.
After the car left, Cas hefted the bags onto the porch and walked over to the fourth flowerpot to the left. Lifting it, he smiled. Some things never changed.
Dean didn’t look convinced, but he stood and began to clear the table. Castiel helped even though Dean told him to go sit in the living room because he was a guest. Once the kitchen was pristine again, Dean looked suddenly very shy. “We can watch a movie… or I can take you back to your hotel. Whatever you…”
“Thanks, buddy.” Dean took the worn leather gloves and turned to face his demon. One foot in front of the other. Don’t look down. Don’t look down,” he muttered over and over with each rung. Once he was on the platform, he took his pocket knife out and scrapped off a sample of the paint into a small, plastic bag. Walker was right. He never caught the assholes that did this shit.
“But it’s only a dollar.” Dean felt like he was just tossed into a Saturday Night Live skit. “Look at these gift bags. Only a dollar each.”
“Correct. SNAP stands for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.” Castiel watched how Dean’s focus moved from one to another. He was good at this. There was passion in his voice and Castiel knew he’d be doing more research before he went to bed. “A family of four gets less than four dollars per person in the household, per day. That’s for three meals.”
Dean was shocked at the way he felt. Usually after sex, Dean couldn’t wait to get rid of whomever he’d just fucked. This thing with Cas felt different somehow.  He wouldn’t mind waking up with Cas. Making him breakfast.
“Not long enough, Alistair.” The creature laughed and the sound made Castiel’s skin crawl. Demons might be allowed on the Council, but they weren’t to be trusted. He didn’t know for certain, but he believed Alistair was behind what happened to Mary and John Winchester.
“Come here and let’s see what’s in the bag, huh?” He reached out his hands and she lifted her arms. He scooped her up with one arm and carried her back into the dining room. Gabe trailed after him, still holding the forgotten toy.
“Thank you again, Dean.” And then he was gone, disappearing through the glass doors. Dean rested his forehead on the steering wheel until a car honked behind him.
Late afternoon found them at the river’s edge. “Watch where you step, kids,” Cas warned as he carefully stepped on the spongy shore. “I don’t want to explain to anyone’s parents that they got ate by a school of piranha.” His words were met with silence and he laughed. “It was a joke.” Tentative laughter rippled through the teens. “Not really, there are piranha in these waters.” The laughter died. He grinned and kept walking. Dean noticed all of them eying the water for any sign of snapping jaws.
would call attractive. He was laying it on thick with Cas and Dean wondered if he’d gotten his assessment of the man’s sexual orientation wrong.
. My name is Charlie Bradbury, and these two handsome gentlemen are my co-hosts, Dean Winchester and Benny Lafitte. Today, the winner of the Backyard Barbeque Bash, Castiel Novak, will be cooking his winning dish with our own dish, Dean. Later in the show, Benny is going to teach you how to take leftover chili and make four amazing meals with it. But first, a question from a fan…”
Jody was at the station, as was Rufus, and they had an impromptu meeting. Dean went over the evidence they had so far, while Jody told them about her conversation with the Carrigans. Linda came in at eight and made coffee, while they gave her the abridged version of events.
Cas looked at him, his head tilted to one side. “Did you know that everything in this store is a dollar?”
Today’s lunch was boxed macaroni and cheese, a small salad made with iceberg lettuce and grated carrots, and a half of an apple. Mildred promised to make bread that afternoon so they could add sandwiches to their meal plan.
“They bought one of those prefab forts for the boys and you know Sam, he has no mechanical ability, so he wants me to help him put it together. We’re invited to stay for a family birthday dinner.” Sam’s twin boys would be turning six on Saturday, but Cas knew Eileen was giving them a party for their school friends on Sunday.
“Well, let’s get these babies in their new home then,” she said, moving slowly to wrap her arms around one. It struggled and squealed, but settled down when she started walking toward the large barn. Dean scooped his own charge up and followed. Jo moved ahead of them to open the door. They both had been to the center enough times to know where everything was.
The water shut off and he bolted upright. He didn’t even have condoms or lube. It was a moot point then. Right? The door opened and Cas came out in a towel. Just a fucking towel. If there was a God, he hated Dean Winchester.
man with shoulder length hair, who definitely wasn’t Dean. “Crap, man, I didn’t know you’d be... John said you told him to come visit, but we can... uh, just leave you to it.” His eyes were wary as he stared at the massive animal on the table.
Dean rolled his eyes, but Castiel could tell he was enjoying the bantering. “Why haven’t I fired you yet?”
For once, Ruby didn’t try to get him to open up about his trip or Dean. She filled him in on Claire’s time with them and with a brief hug, sent him on his way.
He watched the man walk back to his car. “He’s cute, but he’s even cuter walking away,” Mildred said and took another bite of her sandwich. Castiel would have to agree with her. The man did have a fine ass.
Becky was lounging on the large, leather sofa that faced the Mississippi River. Castiel knocked on the door jamb and waited for both his parents to look up. “Come in, son,” Chuck said, motioning for Castiel to enter.
He spent his weekend at the restaurant and Cas didn’t call again. Dean snapped at Garth and some of his staff, but when he raised his voice to Ellen, she snatched him by his collar and dragged him into the office. “Just what in the hell is wrong with you? You’ve been snippy with everyone tonight and I’m not going to stand for it. You have your panties in a twist, go home and work it out. You aren’t going to take it out on me or the staff.”
“There might be some hero worship there,” Cas whispered. “Jack’s father is out of the picture and I’ve tried to step in, but he sees me as his mother’s friend and his employer...” He shrugged. “I’m not exciting enough.”
He didn’t answer Castiel’s question, instead he talked about their morning plans. It got Castiel into a better frame of mind. He could do this. Subtract the emotion, deal with the facts, and find a solution.
“Not here. Not with Claire.” Dean winced. Did Cas think he was a child molester or something? Had he read and believed some stupid rumor on social media? People were always saying crazy shit about celebrities.
“Claire and I are flying to New York. I’ve got to co-host the show on Friday and Monday. Dean wants me to bring Claire so we can take her to the zoo.”
Mandy closed the box and handed it back to him. He held it for a little while, looking at the cars passing on Main Street. He eventually put it in the pocket of his trench coat. “So, Christmas, huh?”
Cas’ long fingers wrapped around the burger and he brought it to his mouth. The noise that came out of the man’s mouth went straight to Dean’s dick. Dean watched him chew and swallow. He had difficulty putting the question together, and it came out a bit breathless. “What do you think?”
“Definitely not,” he said seriously. “I would don my own costume and join them.” She squealed and gave Castiel a high five.
“I’m going to cast the print and send it to a few colleagues.” He tossed Dean his digital camera. “Take pictures of the site. I want close ups of the bite marks and overall shots of the entire area.”
Ten minutes later, he was racing down the hall to the stairs. Down. Down into the bowels of the earth. Missouri was on a stone slab, her valise beside her. “What have you done, my friend?”
“I slept with Dean Winchester,” Castiel stated matter-of-factly. The couple stared at him blankly and several seconds ticked by. “I’m not sure if he is behind this offer.”
“You never catch these vandals. The mayor said we needed to recruit some law enforcement officers coming out of the academy. Not that you’re washed up or anything...” He let the sentence hang, wanting Dean to take the bait.
ft. Most times Texas summer days lasted until nine or so, but with it being overcast, they’d be lucky to be able to see until about six or so. He wasn’t chancing being out after dark with that monster loose.
He walked out on the front porch and remembered his car was at home. “Fuck,” he muttered under his breath. He would have to walk. When he reached the sidewalk, Frank’s voice called to him and he looked across the street. The older man was sitting on his porch.
Cas stood up, closed his laptop, and grabbed Dean’s hand, pulling him close. He whispered, “Not a chance.”
“Shhh… foreplay… is the… best… part… sometimes…”  Dean’s words were punctuated by tiny nips down his ribcage. Instead of moving to Castiel’s cock like he hoped -- like he prayed -- Dean’s mouth skimmed along his sides to his hipbones, and then down further to his inner thighs. He felt the man’s teeth, the suction and knew Dean was marking him, making him his, even if only for this one night.
. It was his mantra as he climbed the stairs, Cas trailing behind him. The whiskey hadn’t been enough to dull the panic he was feeling. He hadn’t been this nervous the first time they’d... that thought alone calmed him. They’d been just kids. With John never leaving the farm and Cas’ mother not allowing Dean to go to Cas’ room because he was a sinner, finding a place had been kind of hard. He’d lost his virginity to Cas on a blanket in the back of Bobby’s salvage yard. There was a creek back there and Cas... the idiot... had brought a stupid scented candle for a romantic touch. He was a sap.
Benny’s prediction was correct. The stern of the boat was low in the water. “I’ll need everyone up front to balance the weight.” Cas and Jo crawled up to the bow. Ketch set the box of explosives next to Dean and nodded.
He drove to Milton’s house, only to see him and Frank sitting on the porch. He wasn’t surprised that Frank knew all about the murder. The man wasn’t nearly as crazy as people made him out to be. Frank was a force to be reckoned with and Dean would give anything to see the dude’s computer system. Probable cause was a pain in his ass sometimes.
After they ate, Cas began lecturing the teens on what to expect and what they were looking for. “Feel free to take pictures, but do not take any specimens until clearing it with me first. Audrey, be on the lookout for the Rhetus Periander. If you find one, please collect one for your collection.” Audrey beamed at Cas. Was it Dean’s imagination, or was the professor paying more attention to his daughter than the others?
“Can you get an Uber to the motel? We will meet you there.” He gave her the name of the motel and hung up. Jo was grinning and Dean looked almost constipated when he strode back to them. “Did I miss something?”
“Da...” Claire squinted at Dean’s image. “Mine.” She took the phone and brought it to her face. “Juice.”
They’d cleaned the body and dressed her in rich robes. He touched her cold hand, saying another goodbye before opening her bag and locating the leather-bound book. By rights, it should be Dean’s. She’d named him her successor. He knew Madame Tran would make sure it got back to him.
Dean’s days off were spent going over scenarios in his head. He had mental scripts thought out if Cas brought up the subject of Aaron. Dean would never bring it up. That just wasn’t going to happen. He could push shit under the rug with the best of them.
Dean’s stride was fast and it was nice to know Cas could keep up with him. Then he remembered that Cas was a runner. He was definitely in a lot better shape than Dean. As they reached the car, Dean unlocked the passenger door first and opened it. Cas looked at the car and smiled.  “You have a beautiful car, Dean. I didn’t think people drove in New York.”
“Sorry about that, Miss Carrigan.” Dean sat across from her and clasped his hands together. “I interviewed Mr. Milton, now, let me hear your side of the story.”
“Cas... fuck...” Dean’s body quaked and tightened around his cock. He thrust once more and emptied himself into his partner... into the man he loved.
The mother had been brought to the Doctors Without Borders base camp before dawn, a victim of local violence in the port city of Tumaco. Cas and Dean had done their best to save the young teen, but the three gunshots did too much damage. She had no identification and there was no wedding band on her finger. She’d been almost a child herself. They’d delivered the child and while the infant was small, she seemed healthy.
Eventually, Mildred and Frank left to do whatever it was they do. In Frank’s case, it was probably to spy on the government. Castiel spent the rest of the afternoon inside of the air-conditioned house. Why couldn’t the CIA spring for a mountain cabin in Colorado? He read. He surfed the net using his phone’s hotspot. He discovered you couldn’t watch television unless you had a cable package.
“Yeah. Most New Yorkers wouldn’t set foot in a club like this before seven. So, where are you from?”
He had no idea how long he sat there, but he knew he was screwed when Cas pulled into the lot. He’d seen Dean. How could he miss the Impala. He stomped over to the car and Dean waited for the fireworks. “Dean, please… go home.” Home. That was a laugh. He was living in a friend’s RV on the back of his property. It wasn’t big enough to even turn around in, but he didn’t have the energy to find a new place. Cas had wanted them to find a house. One with a fenced in yard for Lola.
“You need to chill, Cas," Dean chided lightheartedly. "I like wine. I like beer better, but wine is more civilized, right?” He nodded toward a cabinet. “The glasses are in there. Dinner should be ready in a few. I’m just waiting on the garlic bread.” That’s when Castiel became aware of the wonderful aroma in the kitchen. Garlic, the sauce bubbling happily on the stove, and something else, a bit sweet, that he couldn’t place.
“Why are you telling me this?” Castiel’s head was reeling. Was he being fired and pawned off to the FBI?
“Just kidding. You don’t have to head out to sea. If you know of anyone that needs a job, we pay pretty darn good,” Sam explained, picking up his veggie burger for another bite. “Plus great benefits.”
"It was an uncomfortable experience." Castiel knew he sounded ungrateful, but he wanted to discourage them from interfering in the future. He knew Ruby was saddened by his attitude by the way she turned away.
Since he had to pull his first Saturday morning shift, he made his way up to his room at nine. As he brushed his teeth, he eyed his reflection. “You’re officially old, Winchester. Friday night and you’re ready for bed like a toddler.”
“No. The size alone is cause for concern, but it killed for sport. I’ve seen this in crocodiles in Africa, but never here, Sam.” Sitting back, Sam exhaled, his eyes never leaving Cas’. To push him over into the belief side of things, Cas added, “I would stake my profession reputation on this.”
“Yeah, well you might not even have a dick by then. Some alligator might bite it off.” Damn it. He was never good at comebacks. Never. Sam always made fun of him.
Dean picked up his phone from the dash and made the call. “Chief, we have the remains of Game Warden Garth Fitzgerald, The Third, aboard and are bringing him home.” He was quiet as he listened, then said. “Yes, Sir. Fire Station Twenty-Six... ten-four... ETA thirty minutes.”
“Here? You’re bringing a date here? You never bring anyone here.” Dean didn’t bring any of his dates here because Winchester’s was like his home. Everyone that worked here from Garth and Ellen to the lowliest dishwasher was family.  His dates had been a steady stream of one-night stands or in a few cases, a couple of weeks of sex. Dean would cook for them at his place, fuck them and then send them on their way. He was nice about it, so there wasn’t usually any fallout. That’s why he wasn’t afraid to have some fun with Cas. They could film the episode next month and Cas would be cool with it. They might even get together then too.
“Dean was a pig,” Eileen said seriously, and Dean snorted. She grinned and he knew he’d fall in love with her.
Linda Tran was petite, but no one crossed her. She was a force to be reckoned with. Dean called her Tiger Mommy in secret. She’d been a helicopter parent to her son, Kevin, until he got a full ride to Yale. Now, she tended to try to mother Dean. “What time did you get in last night? I hope you got plenty of rest. That jet lag is nothing to ignore.”
Entering the town limits of Coosa Falls calmed his nerves. He had friends here. Even if things didn’t work out between him and Dean, he’d have Frank and Mildred, and he couldn’t forget Charlie and Meg.
When Dean finished shopping, they loaded up a bed frame, a dresser, a couch, and a rickety bookcase, Dean knew he could fix with a few extra nails.
Working with Cas wasn’t as bad as he thought. Once they got over the whose cock was bigger -- and no, they didn’t whip them out, it was a euphemism – Cas wasn’t that bad. He taught Dean things without making it seem like he was superior. He had a dry sense of humor and strangely enough, had an appreciation of classic cars.
They were headed east to check fishing licenses at Luce Bayou went Dean’s phone rang. When he saw the screen, he groaned. “Hey, Dad.”
“I need to find wardrobe and change. Do you know how I’m supposed to get to my hotel? I believe my handler is MIA.”
Her massive head swung to the cow and she seemed to be smelling the air. Castiel said another silent prayer that the odor of the meat would mask the scent of the explosives. Alligators had great senses of smell. The tension was causing his muscles to cramp. Why wasn’t she going for the bait?
“Mouth... knees...” Dean said softly and then whined when Cas’ lips left his face and moved slowly down his chest. He ran a tongue over one of Dean’s nipples, making it pebble up for attention. Then lower still to the narrow band of hair from his navel to his... oh... He looked down. There was a Greek god kneeling before him, blue eyes the color of the bluest ocean blinked lazily up at him. He gripped the base of his cock to keep from embarrassing himself by coming from that sight alone. A smile creased Cas’ mouth for an instant, as if the man knew how he affected Dean.
Cas declined dessert, but Dean insisted. Garth brought out the dessert and Dean was eager to see what his team came up with. He sat the confection before Cas and grinned.
“Well…” Was it? Dean found Cas attractive. There was no doubt about that, but as the evening wore on, he found himself liking the man.  Sam was always bitching at him about being honest with people…and shit, he did have to do an episode with the guy next month. “Look, Cas, I like you. You’re funny and smart and…” he shrugged, “…I’m sorry about being a douche.”
“And I wouldn’t want you to,” Castiel murmured as he nuzzled his lips against Dean’s whisker-rough cheek. He exhaled loudly and straightened in his seat. “Goodnight, Dean.”
The heebie jeebies set in. That thing was on him. That eight-legged freak was on his arm. He screamed again and did the icky dance, not caring how he looked. Cas was staring at him, eyes holding a gentle fondness and a touch of humor. “Dean... Dean... it’s okay. I’ve got him.”
“I could eat.” Dean had barely touched the breakfast he’d been served. She took his hand and led him into the house. He tried not to stare, but let himself be led into a huge, modern kitchen. On the granite island sat a pie. Eileen had made him pie. She gave him a shy smile.
“Snooty... yeah, that’s what it was. Hey, what’s your name? My name’s John. I was named after my grandpa. Why do you drive a piece of junk? Dad told Unca Sam that it was a pimps mobile and needed to be shooted.” Castiel had to concentrate to keep up with the child’s running commentary. “My dad has Baby. She’s a Chevy. I think I like your turtles. They’re big. I want a dog. Dad says I’m not 'sponsible enough yet. What’s your name?”
Also, while I studied the weather reports and made copious notes on Hurricane Harvey, I had to change a few things to fit the story. Most of the details are correct though.
“That’s the third stop. First, we need to get you a phone.” Dean opened his mouth to protest, but Sam’s narrowed eyes made him shut it quickly. He made a mental note to keep a tally of these purchases. He would pay him back every last dime. Inside the Verizon store, Dean stared in wonder at all the devices. The world sure had changed since he’d been gone. He stood to the side and let Sam negotiate. He didn’t have a clue what 4G and cloud storage were. “Dean, come meet your new phone,” Sam said, motioning for him to sit down across from the cute salesperson.
Dean appeared again, dressed in scrubs. He placed a gentle kiss on their daughter’s head, a tricky feat to do without stopping the motion. Then he leaned in to kiss Cas. “Don’t wait up. You have surgery in the morning.”
“Brining is the best way to insure a tender and moist turkey,” Castiel said, as he poured the seasoned liquid over the bird.
“It’s only a dollar,” Dean said with feigned enthusiasm to get Cas back into his good mood. Cas crossed his arms. Crap. “Look, we only have thirty-four bucks a day to feed everyone. You have to learn to cut corners.”
That statement made Dean tense up. That was a first for him. He was always so fucking careful. People could give you shit that couldn’t be cured with antibiotics. Dean’s mind was reeling. What was Cas getting at. Cas was staring at him. Waiting for him to figure it out. Figure what out? Oh... shit. “Claire.”
Dean laughed softly. “Dude, Big Tex is only thirteen feet long and he holds the record for Texas. I know you’re an expert and all, but seriously? Twenty-five feet? I’m not buying it. I’m leaning toward a...”
Charlie frowned and made a distressed sound. That too, had been in the tabloids. Crowley had exploited him in more ways than one. “What were you taking?”
“Now, who’s being the asshole?” Dean took two slices of bacon off his plate and tossed them onto Cas’.
Dean let himself out of the Jeep and opened the back door. Cas was still sitting in what appeared to be stunned silence. Dean was okay with that. Tonight had been a roller coaster for both of them. In the dome light, he stared at the array of buckles and straps. The red button in the center seemed to be the escape hatch. He pushed it with his thumb and like magic, the toddler was free. It was too easy. Was this even safe? “Hey, Cas, how much research did you put into car seats?”
“Couldn’t sleep. Felt itchy.” The older man straightened and pushed his worn baseball cap back on his head. “Something happened.” It wasn’t a question. Bobby might be human, but he had a sixth sense when it came to Sam and Dean.
Castiel glanced at the owner, but he was leaning on his truck. To Dean, he said in a low voice, “I’m afraid we have a problem. Look at this.” He pointed.
Dean knew he’d have to break the news to his co-stars soon, but he wanted this thing between him and Cas to be more... permanent... first. In his head, he knew it was way too soon to ask the man to leave his life behind in Georgia and move to New York. The long-distance thing had already gotten on his nerves. After their weekend, he didn’t want to wake up alone anymore. The video chats were awesome, but not enough.
He handed each one a basket and led them to the strawberry beds first. He showed them how to gently twist the fruit from the plant. After that, they gathered green onions and bell peppers for the omelets he was going to prepare. Charlie, the likeable redhead, was talkative and asked a lot of questions about their crops. Dean had remained silent since the exchange about the chickens.
“Isn’t that his decision?” Castiel took a sip of the warm blood. It was good, but the smell of cooked meat and vegetables whiffed through the air and he found himself wanting more than his usual sustenance.
“Heya, Cas, sorry for my family bothering you during... whatever it is you were doing to this... this... Wilma.”
“I’d kill for some coffee,” Dean said. He was hit with a sudden wave of sadness. He hadn’t known Missouri long, but she’d drawn him in and treated him like a son. “I don’t have anything to wear.” Someone had been good enough to leave the basic toiletries in the bathroom for him, but he only had the clothes he’d been wearing when he was taken from Cas’ estate.
Castiel put the pistol back into the bag and got out his tagging tool. He approached the animal from the rear and settled across his back. With a flick of his wrist, he had the tag attached on the webbing of the alligator’s front foot.
He had to talk to Bobby... and Sam. The man who’d become their adoptive father would know what was going on, wouldn’t he? While he wasn’t a witch, Bobby was an expert on all things supernatural. He’d served with John in the Marines. Bobby was the one who told Dean not to draw attention to himself and he agreed that Dean shouldn’t ever use his magic. Never. But tonight, he did. He’d felt it surging through his veins as the anger rolled over him.
“Dean-o. Castiel isn’t here, but he should be back in a few. He’s been in a bear of a mood today, hope you can cheer him up.” Was it possible that Gabe didn’t know anything? He didn’t seem all that surprised to find Dean there.
“You’ll figure it out.” It was easy for Sam to say, but Dean was still scared. For the first time in his life he actually loved someone. Relationships didn’t work out well for him. What if he fucked it up? He said goodbye to his brother and began flipping through the pictures on his phone. He’d taken a lot while he was in Atlanta. Tons of Claire, but several of Cas too. He smiled at the selfie of the three of them.
September in DC was sweltering, but at least it wasn’t as humid as Alabama had been. Victor had dropped him off at his condo. He had water, soda, and beer in the fridge, but no food in the house. He ordered Chinese delivery and ate his shrimp fried rice on the small balcony. If he squinted, he could make out the Washington Monument in the distance.
Dean watched as a hotel employee opened the door and Cas disappeared inside. “Way to go, boss,” Ash muttered. He was still holding the door handle and Dean glared at him.
“Don’t what?” Sam picked up the coffeepot and poured some into his mug. “Notice that you call him Cas? Or maybe that you fix him coffee? Or maybe that you stare at him a lot when you think no one is looking?”
Castiel was still deliberating his choices when Dean pulled up in his truck. He wasn’t alone. The only seat left was in the back with someone named Ed, a cameraman. After introductions were made, Dean pulled out into traffic. “Cas and I thought we’d start near the spot where the cattle were killed. We can move south along the shore until we get to the slough by Wildcat Lane.” Dean pointed to the map on his vehicle’s computer screen.
He dumped his bag into his dressing room, picked up another cup of coffee from the cafeteria and made his way to hair and makeup. Charlie was already there. She raised an eyebrow. “You look like you’ve been rode hard and put up wet.” At his glare, she grinned. “Oh…so you have been rode hard…”
for years and was a respected journalist. She was also snarky and had the habit of getting on Dean’s last nerve.
“Signals? I gave you no ‘signals’ whatsoever.” Cas set the flute down into the cupholder and shifted away from Dean. “Was this whole evening just about getting in my pants?”
Cas had a cart of his own and was down the aisle that featured wrapping paper. “Cas, we’re here for food.”
Cas hung his head, his arms trembling, his hips still against Dean’s. Never in his life had Dean felt this way. He wasn’t a romantic. Reaching up, he traced his fingertip over Cas’ lips. Cas blinked, his eyes so fucking blue. Snapping himself out of this crazy feeling, Dean grinned. “You weigh a ton.”
After searching the surrounding area, Castiel found no other sign of the beast’s presence. Dean helped him into the boat and put the boat in gear. It was time to move on.
She wanted to say something else, but Dean was saved by Becky entering with her kit. She placed it on the counter in front of Charlie and proceeded to pull Charlie’s hair back with an elastic headband. Benny came in and he bantered with Charlie over who the guest star would like more, him or her. Usually, Dean would cut in and tell them both that the guest stars loved him the most, but today he was quiet. He didn’t notice the concerned looks between his friends.
“Hey, Bal… Cas’ handler never found him today. Are there arrangements to get him to his hotel? Do you know what’s going on?”
“All in a day’s work, son.” Frank looked down at him and his smile was gentle. Crap, he didn’t need this shit. “Castiel...”
“Your old friend, Lilith, was killed last night,” Frank said conversationally, like he was telling Castiel what he’d eaten for breakfast.
“Well, tell him to come see us sometime,” she said and headed back to the bar to wait on a customer.
The man seemed to be out of his element, so he stepped forward and held out his hand. “Hello, I’m the other dad. Castiel Novak.”
“So, Dean-o, what is this challenge you want to throw down for my baby brother?” Gabriel wasn’t one to beat around the bush.
“Because he’s an expert in reptiles.” Sam was giving him Bitch Face Number Thirty-Two, which translated to ‘
“Uh, yes.” If he only knew what Castiel ate on missions. Military rations, lamb and bean stew, and Mejadra on good days, goat jerky and prepackaged trail mix on bad ones.
Six came too early and the old coffeemaker in the kitchen wasn’t the fastest. By the time he had his first cup, he was growling like an angry bear. He drank it down, burning his tongue. He’d had worse, but he’d literally kill for the real deal.
Garth untied the other beam and tossed the rope to Cas. Benny was bending to reach for the woman when Cas shouted. “Get in the boat. Now. Now.” The last word was tinged with fear. Dean followed Cas’ gaze and froze. Just inside the bay door and closing fast, was the alligator. The woman in his arms began to scream and claw at him. Garth grabbed at her, pulling her away.
“My kind? That's rich coming from some political lackey. Organic farming is better for everyone, including the animals.”
Without a word, the door banged shut behind her. That went well. Had he pissed her off? With a shrug, he started getting ready.
Seeing him in that alley, beautiful and alive was all Dean needed to make him whole again. Holding him in his arms would have to do for now, but soon, he’d get the courage to tell Cas how he felt.
Castiel forgot that people in the northern states didn’t exist on sweet tea like Southerners. “I’m sorry, I forgot I wasn’t in Atlanta. Just a Coke would be fine.”
Dean knelt down and waited for her to get to him and then he wrapped her in his arms. “Hey, girl… you being good for your pops? Next time I see you, we’ll go to the big pet store over on Sixteenth. Would you like that?” He breathed in her dog breath and hugged until she squirmed.
“Cas, I love you and I love our daughter. Will you do me the honor of becoming my husband?” He fumbled nervously with a small, black velvet box and opened it, revealing a beautiful platinum band. Castiel stared at it. He couldn’t breathe.
“Well, well, hello there. Are all the men in this New Orleans as pretty as you three?” Castiel closed his eyes. The scent of her perfume informed him that she was right beside him.
“I know pie was your favorite dessert.” Dean nodded and looked away. This was too much. He didn’t belong here. Not in this
“Cas, do you want me to leave?” Dean wasn’t looking at him again. Castiel stared at his profile, and even in the dimness, he could see the vulnerability there.
Back inside the barn, Castiel handed Claire the strawberries to wash and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. He gave the vegetables to Jack to clean and prep. “This is my family,” Castiel explained as he pointed out each one. “Claire and Jack are my children. Jack is a junior at the local high school, and Claire is in her third year at Virginia Tech. Back there,” he pointed, “are my brothers, Gabriel and Balthazar.” He was glad they were joining him this morning. They were the charmers. Castiel would much rather be by himself with the bees, goats, or chickens. Or alone with his kids.
Castiel turned away, unwilling to watch their goodbyes. “I will be waiting outside.” He stepped out onto the porch and tried not to listen. He had no doubts that Alistair would come after Bobby, but he knew the stubborn fool would not leave his home.
I do not claim to be an expert on oil rigs, but I did a lot of research and my bestie's husband worked on one, so most of the the stuff is as realistic as I could get it. If I make a mistake, it's on me.
Dean burst out laughing and several of the crew looked his way. “No, Balthazar is just… Balthazar. He’s a cockslut, but harmless.”
Graffiti, or destruction of property, wasn’t a big deal to Dean. At least three times a year, the water company had to send a crew out to paint over the latest message. Mostly it was one of the college football team’s battle cries, and an occasional heart drawn by a lovesick kid. Profanity wasn’t usual and tended to upset the women of the Baptist Church.
Reluctantly, Castiel handed over his keys. “You scratch her or put one extra mile on her and I’ll use your fucking balls for earrings. Got it?”
Castiel looked at the camera, something he was more comfortable with after eight months. “Dean is correct, you will have to find room in your refrigerator. Please don’t use a cooler unless you live where it is less than forty degrees outside. Then you can put it out on your back porch or tuck it in your garage. You never want your bird to get below that temperature.”
“Oh, my God... ignore her. Please for the love of all that’s holy, ignore her. Claire, you are so grounded.”
“Let me guess. Roll Tide or War Eagle?” Dean had lived in Alabama long enough to know you had to pick sides. You were either an Alabama fan or an Auburn fan. It didn’t matter if his team was in the Big 12 Conference.
“Ratings, Dean. Apparently, your adoring public thought you and your boy toy were perfect together.”
"I'll take you up on that, Dean," Gabriel said, his smile warm. Castiel stayed glued to the spot, Claire busily played with the ribbon. Dean didn't look at Castiel again. He walked out through the swinging kitchen doors. Gabriel waited until the doors stopped moving before rounding on Castiel.
Sam laughed and then when he looked at their faces, he stopped. “You aren’t joking. Dean didn’t put you up to this?”
“I get it. I was involved with a woman. Lisa. We dated when I was in my early twenties. Broke up and reconnected a few years back. She had a son. He looked like me. Shit, he even acted like me. The timing was right, and I thought he was mine. She insisted he wasn’t and when we broke up the second time, I pushed for a DNA test.” Dean paused as if reliving a painful memory. Castiel remained silent, not bothering to tell him that he was absolutely gay and not bi, like Dean seemed to be, if his story about the football captain was to be believed.
Dean stared at the hotel, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Circle the block a few times,” he mumbled and strode purposefully to the door. It was opened by the same employee.
“Sure.” Dean gave him a lopsided smile and a nod of understanding.  Everybody had crap they carried around with them. Dean had lost his mother at four and lost his alcoholic father when he was in his late twenties. Shit happened. And you didn’t talk about it.
“No, me.” Dean stopped by a sage green sofa that wasn’t that bad. He faced Cas, his brow furrowed in disbelief.
? In all his fantasies, he saw them in Castiel’s home, in his bed, cooking together in his kitchen... But that wouldn’t be fair to Dean. His whole life was centered around Winchester’s and Spice of Life. What was holding Castiel to Atlanta? He’d only moved here because of Anna’s death and Claire. “What are you even doing, Castiel?”
“No, you don’t have to make a decision until the next time the Council convenes. This... this is about Missouri’s final spell.”
He forced himself to open his eyes to watch. Dean’s own were closed and Castiel focused on the way his eyelashes swept his freckled cheeks. “Dean,” he murmured.
His head thrown back in laughter. Asleep on an unknown hotel bed. Back to the camera as he cooked. Sun glinting off his sunglasses. Smiling at Sam. So many pictures. Hundreds of nothing but Dean.
Inside the leather-upholstered SUV, Dean stared out the side window. “Dean, look, I know this is going to take some getting used to, but I’m here for you. You know that, right?”
“Yeah, give us about thirty and then meet us in front.” Dean tossed the phone onto the end of the bed. “Come on, let’s get you packed.”
This is the end of this story. Hope you'll keep reading my works as I embark on my next one. Stay tuned.
Then the call came. His first thought when he heard the painfully familiar voice was that someone would have to die for playing this horrific joke. His second thought was to go get his angel.
Castiel spent Sunday and Monday exploring Houston. The zoo was nice and he spent some time behind the scenes with their senior vet, Timothy Cain. The compact rental made him miss his classic Corvette convertible even more, but it was transportation and he shouldn’t complain. Dean stayed on his mind and he wasn’t sure what to do about it. Dean being gay, bisexual, or any other orientation didn’t affect him one way or another. He was in Texas to do a job, not to make friends, and definitely not to find a lover. Their working relationship had grown warmer and Castiel was grateful for that, but beyond? Well, Houston and everything in it would be left behind in two more weeks.
“No, I get enough for a rental, but just haven’t had time yet. I will probably go get one on your day off.”
“Good God, I would hope not. Milton is batshit crazy. He’s one of those fire and brimstone pastors and hates anyone that isn’t white, straight, and well-to-do,” Mildred informed him.
It turned out that adrenaline from almost being killed made him really horny. So horny that he’d been on Cas the minute the door slammed behind him. Sweet Jesus, the man could kiss. It was wet and filthy, and fuck if it had any finesse at all, but it got the point across. They left a trail of shoes and clothing, so by the time they reached Cas’ bedroom, both were down to their boxer briefs and seeing Cas... He needed to buy stock in Fruit of the Loom, because they left nothing to the imagination, and he was loving the view. The thick shaft was outlined beautifully and there was a small wet dot showing just how aroused Cas was. Dean curled his fingers around the waistband and tugged them down enough to reveal Cas’ uncut cockhead. Damn, he wanted to taste it.
Gabriel entered the room with a wide smile on his face. "Hey, Lil Bro. Good job with the contest. What did you think of Dean Winchester? I’ve met him before. He's hot...for a guy, and really a great person. He does a lot of shit for charity. I'd love the chance to cook with him myself."
"I don't need to date. I've got Claire and friends...and the restaurant. I don't want or need a man in my life, especially one as cocky as Dean Winchester." Castiel realized his mistake as soon as the words left his mouth.
“No.” Ash gave him a quizzical look and shrugged before walking around to the driver’s side. Once he was behind the wheel, he looked in the rearview mirror. “He’s a big boy. I’m sure he can find a ride.”
Dean Winchester pulled into his designated parking place in front of the sheriff’s office and got out of his cruiser. It was just the Fourth of June and he was already sweltering. “Hot enough for ya?” The call came from Abigail King, the town’s postmaster. She was unlocking the doors of the post office across the street.
“Ketch.” Castiel went to the door and looked out the peephole. He opened the door and the other agent strode in like he owned the place. “I need your keys.
Dean stared at him indignantly, and then saw the slight smirk on the man’s face. “Whoa, was that a joke, Cas?”
, no. I raised my brother, though. He's four years younger than me." Castiel wondered about the story behind Dean's words, but it wasn’t his business. “And most of my staff has kids, so I get to see them at picnics and stuff.”
With the arrival of the tow truck, traffic was at a complete standstill which made it easier for Dean to pull out onto the road in front of the wrecked car. The Texas Wildlife Rehabilitation Coalition wasn’t far from the accident and they pulled into the parking lot and then through the gate to the back of the building.
With a twitch of his lips, Cas leaned over. “Those are turtle eggs. The Charapa turtle to be exact. Henrique was up early to find them.” Dean frowned and his chewing slowed. Cas laughed and dug into his own food.
“You passed the pastures as you came in. We raise Holstein Friesians, it’s a Dutch breed well known for milk production. Our cows are milked by hand daily and we use that milk to make our own cheeses, as well as other dairy products like yogurt, sour cream, and butter. Our goats are Alpines. We tried Nubians, but they were found to be too large and loud for our needs.” Dean stopped listening as the man led them down a path. His eyes drifted down to the man’s butt in those faded jeans. They weren’t tight enough to be uncomfortable, but snug enough to show his assets.
“I tried to get you on as their caterer but found you a new career as head chef on an oil rig instead.”
She led the way through the house. It looked like a photo shoot from Architectural Digest. Did they even live here, Dean thought. It reminded him of the movie The Stepford Wives. The newer one with Bette Midler. The couple was seated in a breakfast nook, cups of coffee and some sort of pastries were in front of them. “I’ll just clean up,” Selma Louise said breezily and began moving things around in the kitchen.
Thankfully, he was saved from doing something foolish, like ask the man back to his cabin for some alone time, by the return of his staff.
Dean released a breath and faced him. The Council members were filing out now. The High Council would follow Missouri’s body to her crypt and draw the sigils on the seal. “When do we leave?”
“Witch?” Castiel lived in New Orleans, where voodoo was ‘normal’ and people claiming to be vampires walked the streets. He knew Wiccans.
He was hauled unceremoniously into the boat and the engine roared to life. Jo and Cas had dragged him aboard while Benny took the helm. “Go. Go. Go,” Cas shouted and Benny gunned the motor. The boat veered away from the animal, its prop scraping the bottom of the warehouse floor at one point, the noise like nails on a chalkboard.
“Hello, Brotha’.” A burly man came out from behind a large stainless-steel vat. “What are you doing here. I thought you had a thing with Claire.”
For the next few minutes, Castiel couldn’t think. His team, including Victor, assessed the situation and began questioning Dean, Frank, and Mildred. He’d tried to move closer to Dean, but Victor shook his head. He knew the rules. Any time civilians were involved, they must be debriefed without interference. Castiel would be considered interference.
“Damn, I thought we were friends,” Dean said. He stood and picked up Castiel’s plate and cutlery. Friends? Castiel liked the warm feeling that word gave him.
Dean pulled out his phone and scrolled down the screen. “Hey, Ash, I’m ready,” he spoke into the phone before hanging up and slid it back into the pocket of his jeans. Castiel followed the man through a series of hallways to a large metal door.
“Then how can you be so fucking calm? If what you say is true, there’s a giant alligator out there that gets his jollies by killing... things.” Dean didn’t want to imagine if those cattle turned into people.
Dean sat stunned, his fingers gripping Cas’ hand tight. “I love you too, Cas, and I never want you doubt that.”
While they ate, Mildred and Frank talked about the murder. Castiel barely knew the obnoxious woman and wasn’t broken up about it. In his line of work, some people just deserved to die.
“Cas, you squeeze from the end. How many times do I have to say it. And look at my sink. You didn’t rinse it and I’ve got a coating of facial hair around the drain. Cas peered over and shrugged, before turning on Dean’s tap and swishing the water around. When it was sufficiently clean again, he went back to his own sink.
Dean heard the past tense and knew it shouldn’t bother him, but it fucking hurt. “Water under the bridge, Cas. I’m sorry about your mom...” It seemed like something that needed to be said. Naomi never liked Dean. He was the dirty farm boy who she blamed for making Cas gay.
Dean made the short trek to stand at the bottom steps. “You and Mildred recover from your exciting morning?”
He led John through the house and Dean was waiting at the front door. He took his son’s hand and hesitated. Castiel waited, his head tilted quizzically. “John, head to the house.” The boy scampered away, leaving the two men alone. “I’m sorry I said you were snooty. You just seemed so distant whenever you were outside. I waved a few times and you didn’t even... anyway, I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Hello, mother,” Castiel kissed her cheek. He hadn’t seen her in weeks. Getting Jack ready to fly to Maine to spend the summer with his ex-wife, plus helping Claire move into her apartment in Baton Rouge had taken up most of his time.
“We understand. No one is asking for a decision today, Castiel. Dean, a room has been prepared for your stay. I have assigned a member of the Council to be your escort during your stay with us.” Castiel opened his mouth to say that he would act as Dean’s guide, but a sharp glance from Duval, the werewolf at the end of the table made his mouth snap shut. Castiel had been silenced and to go against the High Council wasn’t done. He folded his hands in his lap.
He wasn’t coherent enough to notice Dean propelling them through a doorway. His hands were under Dean’s shirt, on Dean’s heated skin. Someone moaned and he could feel Dean’s hands fumbling with the buttons of his shirt. Castiel’s fingers moved to the waistband of Dean’s low-slung jeans. He felt the swell of Dean’s ass and let his teeth drag across Dean’s bottom lip. His shirt was free and Dean pushed it off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor.
. We work together. That’s it.” And even if Cas was gay or bi or liked dick in any size, shape, or form, he wouldn’t be interested in Dean anyway. Because of those very reasons Sam listed. “And besides, you know I don’t date men.” Memories of Aaron bled into his thoughts. Dating men led to problems Dean couldn’t afford.
Dean did a weapons and ammo check with everyone and they launched his boat. Jo jumped aboard theirs, the hood of her slicker covering half her face. Dean quirked an eyebrow at her, but didn’t say anything. The two boats left the small harbor and headed out onto the open water of the lake. With overcast skies and a strong wind, the wardens were fighting a rough chop. The weather might actually help them out, since only the diehard fisherman were out today.
“Guess you’ll be on the same schedule as us now. No need for the Green Room, since you’re part of the team.” Unsure of what to say, Castiel remained silent.
“Bill of sale? From who? If Fergus...” She stomped her foot. “That ingrate... that insufferable little doaber.”
“Dean.” And fuck if his name on those fucking lips, in that fucking voice, didn’t make Dean’s heart beat just a bit faster.
He didn’t have to be told twice. Fingers still inside Cas, pressing against his sweet spot, Dean picked up the condom with his other hand and used his teeth to rip the packet open. One handed, he rolled it over his length. When he pulled his fingers slowly out of Cas’ ass, the man moaned and Dean had to close his eyes and think about what he was cooking on the next day’s episode. Otherwise, it would have been over before it started. He gripped the base of his cock and squeezed, sweat breaking out on his forehead. He positioned the swollen head of his cock at Cas’ entrance and pushed in. Cas tensed up and Dean froze. “Are you alright?”
“Andrea Nicole from Houston, Texas, writes… ‘Is there any way to give my family French toast without standing over a hot griddle?’”
Max, a nice young man in his mid-twenties, grinned at him and Jesse. “Did you see the size of that thing? Damn.”
“Excellent choice. Those are my favorite.” Dean smiled unsure of what to say. Small talk wasn’t his forte anymore. In his younger days he could talk and flirt with the best of them. On the
When they got off the bus at the marina, Dean brought up the rear, and he overheard two of the boys talking.
Madame Tran took the book and gently closed it, pressing her palm to the cover. “This is yours now. Fill it with the good you do.” Dean felt the weight of it in his hands.
Castiel pulled the covers down and got under the sheets, feeling shy now that the sex was over. Dean didn’t seem to have that issue, since he was pacing the room as he called his driver. “Ash... sorry, man... I... uh...” Dean paused to listen and his face reddened. Castiel thought it was kind of cute. “Yeah... shut up. Give me...” He looked over at Castiel. “Hang on...” He pressed the phone to his chest. “Why don’t you pack your stuff and come to my place? We wouldn’t have to worry about cleaning fees.”
“I thought you wanted to... you know, go out,” Dean said, looking unsure of himself. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and his shoulders looked tight.
Cas’ words replayed in his head and he sat up, yanking Cas’ arm up and sideways. “God damn it, Dean. Did you forget we are cuffed?”
. Please don’t hug me became a silent mantra. Sam must have picked up on his vibe and he patted Dean on the shoulder instead.
She hung up and gave him a rueful smile. “Our beef distributor raised their prices again. I told them we would be finding someone else.”
Instead of answering that heartbreaking question, Dean threw caution to the wind and laid his hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Dad is giving us three wardens and another boat. We’ll meet them at the marina. We can cover twice as much ground. You’ll have to brief them on what we are looking for.”
“I could let this one go, with the specialty framing for three hundred.” The price tag was well over that, but he could lose his profit margin for a handsome man. An overly dramatic sigh came from the back room and he wanted Rowena to disappear.
. Dean froze and his eyes met Cas’. His boss was waiting for him to finish. “... since I started work here... and the move... working on the apartment... and sleep... gotta sleep.” Cas’ expression had turned quizzical. And no wonder with Dean’s sudden influx of diarrhea of the mouth. He stopped and gave Cas a parody of a smile. It was time to change the subject. “Hey, yeah, gotta get these babies in the oven.” He picked up the cookie sheet and turned away from those beautiful eyes.
“That, and because my brother wanted to see what the fuss was about. It is a pretty cool place. Ever been?”
“Now, you understand why I don’t... can’t see him again.” Gabriel’s stunned expression turned incredulous.
“It was just one night of sex… just sex, you fool.” He felt ridiculous talking to himself. He turned off the bedside lamp and lay in the darkness. He shouldn’t have slept with Dean. He could blame it on being starved for male companionship. Or because he was horny. Or any number of other things, but he’d slept with Dean because he saw the real Dean, not the celebrity. And
Kevin arrived with a Sam Adams for Dean in a chilled pint glass and sat down an iced tea in front of Cas.  They both waited for Cas to take a sip. Once he realized they were staring at him, he picked up the glass and took a sip. He smiled at Kevin. “Perfect. Thank you.”
He found the picture on his phone. The one Kevin took last month of the two of them at the restaurant. He found himself looking at that picture a lot. More times than he could count.
Benny, you and Inias, will bunk together and, if you don’t mind, Dean, you and I can share a room.” Dean didn’t mind, not one damn bit.
"No, he was a randy prostitute," Cas informed him matter-of-factly. Dean groaned and wanted a hole to appear and swallow him.
“Ma’am, you will have to leave. I insist, or I’ll have to call the police.” He gingerly made his way around her and pulled back the curtain. The showroom was still dark and there was no sign of Meg. The various clocks began to toll the hour. His appointment would be here in fifteen minutes and he had a strange woman to get rid of.
Claire and Jack had run on ahead, eager to see their grandparents. As Castiel and Meg walked across the gangway, Castiel noticed the men and women scurrying around setting up the buffet. Because of the endless meetings, Castiel knew they were having a mixture of hot and cold hors de oeuvres between four and six, with the seated meal being served at seven. He vaguely wondered if Sam’s brother had pulled it off.
“For now, just an invitation to the party of the year. We can discuss my other wants on Friday night on our date.” He stepped forward and patted Dean condescendingly on the cheek and opened the office door. “Text me when you get the invitation.”
“Connie, these baby back ribs look awesome. If they served food like this when I was in school, I may have been a happier student.” They were underdone and very tough, but the sauce was pretty good.  Dean wiped his hands on the wet towel provided by one of the stage hands.
“Fifteen minutes.” Dean saw the bottle of whiskey on the table. He poured himself a shot and swallowed it down. The burn took his breath away. Bobby kept rotgut, not the good shit Dean was used to at his own place. They stood in silence until a pair of headlights appeared in the window. Bobby turned. Dean narrowed his eyes. Bobby looked haggard, more so than usual.
He was eating the microwave chicken alfredo that tasted like cardboard when the knock came. Castiel opened the door to a tearful John. He dropped to one knee. “What’s wrong, John?” Castiel looked over at Dean’s house, but didn’t see anything amiss.
. Ketch? That bloodsucking guard? How many more? No, I don’t want to even… It doesn’t matter. I’m going home.” Ah, was Dean’s anger based on jealousy? He could explain.
... The tea set with the plastic cake slices included was an instant hit and she sat down to play. Thankfully, he’d opened the box and put the batteries in and now, it was playing a song. She passed him a teacup and Dean was lost. That cute upturned face... God, his heart melted into a pile of goo.
“No, someone in the back can make sweet tea. Kevin, please take care of that.” Dean sent Kevin off with a nod.
“Guess we’ll be taking turns watching them then,” Castiel said, his eyes still on Dean, who was now filling the tank. A clicking sound from behind him caused him to turn. Max was taking pictures of Dean and the goats. “Good morning, Max.”
When they heard the front door shut, Cas rolled over on top of him. Dean looked up into Cas’ eyes. “You told him, didn’t you?”
The taping went fine and Dean was more at ease with Castiel on the set. He made some on-air jokes and was even openly affectionate. Crowley told both of them that it was ‘ratings gold’. Castiel wasn’t sure what he meant by that and he didn’t feel comfortable enough to ask.
The question brought back old prejudices that he’d dealt with all his life. “Is that so hard to understand? Is it morally wrong for a gay man to want a child? Even the more progressive states like Massachusetts sometimes have issues with adoptions by…”
The ride to the ramp seemed to take fucking forever. Novak kept his nose buried in his computer and that suited Dean just fine.
Dropping to his knees, he let his eyes find Cas’ before taking the man’s cock into his mouth. Cas bit down on his lower lip and moaned. Giving head was always such a power trip and Dean wanted to have Cas begging for mercy. Dean used his right hand to wrap around the base and his left to finish pushing the briefs down Cas’ thick thighs. “Dean... God damn...”
“So, what’s he like?” Sam planted his elbow on Dean’s desk. “I looked him up but couldn’t find any travel shows he’s been on.”
Inside Dean’s loft, he pointed toward the bedroom. “Just toss your stuff in there while I make us some lunch.” He didn’t wait to see if Cas did as he asked. He was already mentally going over the ingredients he had on hand to wow his guest. The way to a man’s heart... right? He froze at the thought. Did he really want Cas to fall for him? Would that be fair? Dean wasn’t a happily ever after guy. But... could he be? Then there was the kid to think about. Why was life suddenly so fucking complicated?
He wouldn’t admit to being disappointed when he was put in the tent with Benny. Cas was sharing with Inias and Dean caught the smug look the younger man gave him. Inside, getting ready for bed, Dean whispered, “So, does Cas’ TA have a crush on the man or what?”
“Think of the opportunity to get our message out there. Not only here in the Metro area, but nationally. The Post reaches a million households weekly and that’s not even including their Internet presence.” He looked heavenward as if hoping for an angel to swoop down and save him. A farm. Jesus.
? Dean was a lot of things, but stupid wasn’t one of them. Had her spell done something to both of them? Cas’ heart was beating now. Was he still a vampire? “Will you meet me in the mezzanine?”
Claire drove in from Baton Rouge on Friday morning and settled into her room. Meg was already ensconced in the guest room, so it was easy to round everyone up to leave for the party. Meg was wearing white capris and a vivid red tank to match her lipstick and shoes. Since it was aboard a riverboat, Castiel dressed down to jeans and dark plaid shirt.
The alligator began to growl, a deep bass sound. “What’s she doing?” Jo asked from somewhere back in the boat.
All through trailering the boat, Castiel was quiet, inwardly thinking about the handsome man. Was it his fault Dean didn’t like him? His family told him that he was stuffy and lacked social skills. Dean
“Oh, well, was I slated to give a tour today?” He knotted the silk thread and looked at his work. One more should do it.
Once the necessities were over and the arrangements made, Cas drove Charlie through town. “Wowsa, it is small, isn’t it? I can see how crazy LA must have been to the young, impressionable Cas Novak.” LA had been
“Billie… I could let the monster in me out with her. I could hurt her and she wouldn’t hate me. Ketch was my lover, but he wanted more. Dean, whatever is between us… it is unlike anything I’ve felt before. You’ve gotten under my skin. I can’t explain. Even before Missouri’s final spell, I found myself needing you.”
“No. My gut is telling me he’s not my perp. He didn’t even know her. Sure, they had a public argument, but I don’t think he’s the sort of man to kill people that disagree with him.”
Cas and Mandy did a fist bump. Dean shook his head at their antics. “I’ll be home at five to pick you guys up. We’re supposed to bring dessert, so could you stop by Meg’s to grab a pie or something.”
“No shit. You have salt and pepper in your spice cabinet. And something that used to be garlic powder. That’s a crying shame, Sam.”
“No one says you can’t retire before election day, man,” Dean said, sitting down in the cracked leather chair that was probably as old as he was.
Later that evening, he got a radio call from Crowley to come to the dining room. He knew he couldn’t avoid the chef forever without raising suspicions, so he sighed and left the safety of his room.
Castiel took the offered toothbrush and opened the package. He positioned himself at the other sink and picked up the toothpaste lying on the counter. Dean was already brushing his teeth, his mouth foamy.  He grinned at Castiel in the mirror and Castiel tentatively smiled back.
“As you should be. I know it is a lot to take in, so we are preparing the contract. It will arrive by courier within the next twenty-four hours. I would suggest having your attorney look over it and we’ll give you a week to make up your mind.” Finally, the man stopped talking and the silence was deafening.
“I thought you’d already left. I saw you run out the back door.” Fuck. Shit. Damn. And the fucker looked hurt. Dean’s first instinct was to lie.
“Good, then that means you’ll keep it in your pants.” Crowley stood and walked toward the door declaring the meeting over. Benny and the production crew left right after leaving Dean, Charlie and Balthazar sitting at the big conference table.
“And Jack, he’s excited about the trip?” Castiel knew his mother was fishing. She’d always hated Meg. Even after a disastrous marriage, he still loved his ex. Not in
“My gaydar is never wrong. He’s into men. He might be bi, but that’s close enough.” Castiel rolled his eyes. Missouri was a bit eccentric and had strong opinions about everything. She was also psychic, but Castiel didn’t believe in such nonsense, even if he was born and raised in New Orleans.
“It’s beautiful, baby girl.” He wasn’t looking at the butterfly. He was gazing adoringly at Audrey. She’d called him ‘daddy’. She hadn’t called him that in... well, since her mother died.
“Once your cover is in place, you will stay under the radar until we find the leak. An email account has been set up by a trusted technician in the cybersecurity unit and it will be encrypted so that you and Henriksen can communicate.”
“Thanks, man. And not that I’m complaining, but what are you doing in my fine establishment at three a.m.?” Dean asked, using his hands to encompass the kitchen. “You checking on your family’s investment?”
“Shut the fuck up, Abby,” she yelled down at the mutt and it was like she flipped a switch. It tucked its tail between its legs and scuttled inside the house. “Look, Lilith and I were friends in high school, but since she’s been back... well, let’s just say we didn’t run in the same social circles.”
Benny shook his head. “I said I was not a homophobe.” It was said with conviction and Dean wanted to believe it.
“It’s okay, Cas. We do stuff like this all the time. We have a policy that even if it isn’t on the menu, we can do a few special things for good customers.”
Dean sat in stony silence. It was his restaurant, not Ellen’s. He could bitch if he wanted to. He deflated as fast has he’d bowed up. These people were his family. “Sorry,” he mumbled.
The look on her face made him smile. The shock as blood pumped from her body. The Lamb of God, blood of Jesus Christ, take away my sins. The warm fluid spilled to the floor and she crumpled. He pulled out the sword and only then did the ramifications hit him. He stared at her body, still, mocking eyes open in death. Taking the envelope and the sword, he went to the kitchen and got a towel. Madge kept a clean house. He wiped his prints off the doorknob and stepped out into the backyard. He needed to think.
She didn’t even know his last name or who he really was. He gave a relieved laugh and thought about sharing this with Dean, but shook his head. No, Dean would be embarrassed. It was a shame that she didn’t get a chance to find out what a wonderful lover Dean really was. Then jealousy reared its ugly head. Well,
“Hello, boys,” Crowley called out from the doorway.  “Just the two people I wanted to see. Let’s go over the prompts and stage directions.”
Castiel had finally fallen asleep right before Dean began moving around his room. Yes, the more Dean tried to be quiet, the more noise he made. Castiel was aware the moment he slipped outside the door, using the security latch to prop the door open so it wouldn’t lock.
"Up," Claire said, holding her hands up. He watched as Dean bent to lift his child. He held her as though he was comfortable with children.
Ketch laughed softly and shut the tailgate. “That’s not how this works, Winchester.” Dean knew this was another argument he wouldn’t win and he didn’t have the energy to try.
He opened the door and swung up into the passenger seat. “Wasn’t sure how you took it.” Winchester indicated the stainless-steel travel cup in the center console. “Hope you like it black.” Castiel hated black coffee. He loved flavored syrups and creamers, the more calories, the better.
Dean paused tucking in his shirt and looked at Castiel. “You don’t care? I’d have thought out of the two of us, you’d be the one freaking out over it. I’m used to the weird shit fans say and do, but you... you’re really private.”
“How did you know his PIN? Did he tell you?” Why would Sam know and not him? It was like a knife to his chest.
“Bug spray everyone,” Benny said, tossing out cans of repellent. Dean grinned in acknowledgement and sprayed himself down. Cas seemed to be busy with Audrey and Dimitri setting up a work station. Audrey was smiling and that, in itself, made Dean’s grin widen.
“I get that. And I’m sorry. Just know that not all the citizens of this town are like her.” The deputy’s daughter picked that time to come back out, a backpack slung over one shoulder. She unchained a bike and rolled it toward them.
“Can I just see her for a minute?” Cas was shaking his head before Dean had gotten the sentence completely out of his mouth. “A second? Come on, Cas. I miss her.”
“Details,” Dean shouted at the top of his lungs, causing the herd to low and shuffle in their racks.
His shower was quick and he dressed in clean jeans and a t-shirt. He wasn’t out to impress anyone. Not anymore. While he waited for his brother, he made a batch of biscuits and cooked some carrots to go with the roast. Potatoes were baking in the oven and he was pulling them out when the backdoor opened. "Smells great,” Sam said in way of greeting.
He checked into his hotel late that night but he knew Sweet would still be open and so he called to make his reservation for five the next day. Early by his standards, but he was on a time crunch and getting there that early ensured him a better chance of seeing Cas. He wanted to apologize and see if he could salvage a friendship. Was he okay with just a friendship?
Dean stripped down and stepped into the hot shower. Steam rose around him as he soaped his body. Five-foot walls separated the six stalls in this floor’s bathing area, but the opening left no privacy. He turned his face toward the spray. He bent to get his hair went and his mind turned to Cas... no, not just Cas. Sex. He hadn’t gotten himself off since stepping aboard this floating metal island. Roommates and shared spaces made it almost impossible. He was just horny and that’s why Cas looked so damn fine.
“I think I’ll get more out of a stay on one of the semis.” Novak Oil had two of the semi-submersible platforms. They were moored in the deeper part of the Gulf and that’s where Castiel wanted to do his studies.
“Our love story could be made into a Lifetime movie,” Dean said, an overly dramatic expression on his face.
Dean looked down at the typed words and bit his lower lip. For all the cooking segments, he was paired with Cas. He knew it was all about that chemistry crap that Crowley talked to him about, but still…  There were a few questions from the production assistants, but Dean and Cas both remained silent. That afternoon, Cas called and Dean didn’t answer.
“Thank you,” he said, taking the offered mug. He inhaled the rich scent and sighed. He hoped the already ground coffee in the red plastic container was decent. In his usual world, he bought whole beans from a sustainable farm in Kenya. He took a tentative sip. It wasn’t
He wanted to think Cas wouldn’t judge him, but humans stopped surprising him a long time ago. The cruelty in the world defied logic.
, of Dean’s hand on the small of his back. It was an intimate touch, usually reserved for a loved one, but Castiel could not dislodge it without making a scene. Dean showed him each station and introduced him to several people that Castiel would never be able to remember, nor would he have a reason to do so. Dean’s kitchen was impressive in its size and the smoothness of function. His brother’s restaurant was not shabby by any means, but it was obvious theirs was in its infancy compared to this one.
Novak was waiting at the hotel entrance and Dean gave him a few brownie points for punctuality. He was all set to get out and help him when he spilled his coffee. He brushed at the small stain on his uniform pants and tried to lift them from his skin. He hissed and tried to blow on it. He’d just calmed down when the door opened and Novak slid into the passenger seat. Trying to be cool and not act like his leg was still on fire, he pointed to the extra travel mug and said, “Wasn’t sure how you took it. Hope you like it black.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Dean said, turning to follow Castiel to Mildred’s mini-van. “So, have you done this before?”
Castiel walked to the leather chair in front of the director’s desk and sat. He waited. Cain continued his observation of the world outside of his window, hands clasped behind his back. Cas’ were curled around the armrests. Finally, Cain turned. He exhaled and sat in his plush chair. Only then did he meet Castiel’s gaze. “I’ve read the reports. Care to share why my best operative allowed himself to get drunk in a bar... in Caracas... while on a fucking mission?”
He sat at the tasting table with the other four contestants wondering if this show would ever end. Stephanie and Kate kept whispering about the pretty one…Dean Winchester. Castiel was tired of listening to them go on and on about the man’s dreamy eyes, his bulging biceps, and the way he filled out his jeans. Their observations were true, but it was getting nauseating.
Dean was buckling his shoulder holster when Cas headed back downstairs. He put his cup in the dishwasher and set Dean’s travel mug on the counter. He seasoned the roast and dropped it into the crockpot and then wiped down the counters. He was waiting by the door, car keys in hand, when Dean came down the stairs. “Have a good day, babe. I’ll call you later.”
He let himself out of the apartment and took the elevator down to the lobby. He sat on a brick planter and checked his email, sent a Tweet about trying okra for the first time, and then played Candy Crush until the car arrived.
“We don’t know yet,” Dean interrupted the distraught man. “But it is missing from the house and...” Dean paused to collect his thoughts. “and it could just be a robbery gone bad.” Since nothing else of value was taken, Dean doubted it. Madge’s jewelry was still on her dresser, the glass gun cabinet wasn’t touched, so no, it wasn’t a robbery. “Did Lilith have any enemies? Anyone who had a grudge against her?” Dean knew the list was long, but he had to ask.
He didn’t respond, just shooed Mildred away from the sink. “I can clean the kitchen, Mildred. Go sit down. She patted his arm and did as she was told. “So, the zoo?”
“Sam’s brother has offered to help us out and we appreciate you coming to our aid on such short notice.” Chuck said to the newcomer as if addressing the Board instead of having a family gathering. Gabriel rolled his eyes and his mother noticeably kicked him under the table.
Claire looked down at her dress and frowned. “Is not,” she muttered, but tugged the hem down self-consciously.
As they stepped foot on the deck, Castiel took a deep breath at his gathered family. He knew they were all vaccinated, but what about the guests? His parents requested all those invited to have their vaccination, but how did one ask for proof without offending anyone? He moved forward, pulling Meg toward the group. “Mom, Dad, happy anniversary.” He leaned forward to kiss his mother’s cheek. His dad squeezed his shoulder as they thanked him.
