“What? Oh, um, no,” said Steve distractedly, and with that, he carefully reached across Tony to take the sketchbook back and snapped it shut in his lap. “They’re from a photo in the newspaper, a while back. One of my colleagues did a feature on World War II veterans, and one of them provided us with that photo. I’ve been practicing drawing people, and I just… liked the picture.”
“Whoa, whoa, slow down, buddy,” said Tony, turning to him with an indignant expression. “
Pepper had a bright smile on her face, the type she always had when Tony was causing her stress but she was in public, so she couldn’t show it. It didn’t make sense until Tony’s gaze slid over to the man next to her - tall, blonde, and
It was 1:30 in the morning. Coulson picked up on the second ring, and he sounded perfectly awake.
“You’re willing to do that?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow at Steve. Tony wasn’t exactly up to date on what was going on here, but he could guess that SHIELD would not be pleased with Captain America being revealed to the world ahead of schedule.
Steve flipped through the rest of the file, including all of the Appendixes it had mentioned, but the medical information was like a foreign language to him and he found himself wondering why SHIELD had an entire Appendix dedicated solely to Tony’s college transcripts. It was with some satisfaction that he noted their blueprints for the Iron Man suit were carefully labeled,
At that moment, Bucky appeared at Sam’s side. “Wanda might know something about the Soul Stone,” he said without much optimism. “She wants to talk to us.”
“And now?” Tony pressed. His knee was touching Steve’s. It had been there for a while. “Is there anyone?”
It’s been gloriously, ridiculously quiet ever since they brought Steve home from the infirmary two days ago. The other Avenger’s seemed to have realized that they’d need space after what had happened and decided to make themselves scarce.
, I think,” he says. He’s still a little unsure but it’s the best guess that he has and by the way Tony’s face lights up, it was a good answer.
Steve gets up to offer Tony a hand up and a smile that is nothing but affectionate as he says “You losing your touch?” and Tony is too damn happy to care anymore. He takes Steve’s hand goes up into his husband’s arms without complaint.
“I have to admit that I had a little bit of a crush on Cary Grant back in middle school,” Tony says as Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell trade quips on the screen.
“You’ve been stripped of your defenses Captain America,” M.O.D.O.K squeals into his microphone. “And I assure you that my men outnumber you alone in droves. Surrender yourself so that I can use my superior intellect to decode the mystery of Erskine’s formula or Stark dies!”
“This is so stupid,” Tony groans. “This is literally the stupidest thing.”
“Freckles,” Steve murmurs. “My favorite thing about the summer.”
“Uh,” Steve fumbles to think of something, matching Tony’s intense gaze. He’s grown to respect Tony in a sort of detached way after watching him work on the helicarrier and risk his neck to save New York. But there’s always been a barrier between them where Tony’s cynical humor and Steve’s optimistic dedication to the cause just didn’t mesh. But Tony
Tony is still just looking at him, stricken and numb. His face is slack and he his eyes are clouded over and indecipherable.
She twirls around and simply says, “Think of the pies!”
Fury just let out a stream of curses, not even responding to her question before storming out of HQ and towards Stark Tower.
“Yeah, we did,” Steve says softly.
“Orange,” Tony murmurs. “That’s still the most interesting thing about you.”
hater, Stark,” Clint remarks from the other side of Steve. He and Thor are sitting beside Steve and Tony doesn’t even know why they’re there. The only reasons he can think of are that they either really enjoy chewing popcorn like they’re masticating cows or love cockblocking Tony and his new boyfriend. Probably both.
Until the credits start to roll and Clint says, “Besides, it’s clear why Cap is so defensive. He is basically Jack Dawson.”
Her gaze returns to his chest, lingering over his purple heart as she says it and Steve gives a gentle smile. “He served in Iraq?”
” Tony huffs an empty laugh, thinking back to the day he invited Steve up for a drink and how the first thing he knew they had in common is the last thing they have in common.
“Making sure I eat my veggies, Cap?” Tony says with an affectionate grin. He doesn’t know when they became this. Friends, he guesses.
“I’ll give you a banana,” Tony says with a lewd smirk and eyebrow waggle.
“It’s vibranium,” Tony explains as he crawls back into bed beside Steve. “Just like your shield. The old man had a couple of scraps hidden away in the workshop that I was saving for a special occasion. I wanted it to be your wedding ring but it’ll do. Especially since it’s virtually indestructible and you don’t know the definition of pushing your limits.”
until her words catch up with him. “Post-anesthesia Tony?”
“For the next fourteen hours, I’ll allow it,” Steve says lightly. Tony can feel Steve tugging gently on his hip, trying to get Tony to roll onto his back and look him in the eye as he says it. This time, Tony moves.
Tony isn’t one for sappy words and Steve never wanted to push. He knows how he feels about Tony and he knows how Tony feels about him. It’s clear in the way he looks at Steve, the way he holds him and the way his lips curl around his name.  He hadn’t ever needed to hear it but all of sudden he felt a need to express it, to tell Tony, to shout it out loud to everyone.
The Hulk grunts proudly and Tony says, “Good job, big guy. I owe you one. Again.”
“This music! I like it!” Thor proclaims, bobbing his head along to the beat.
“Apparently I’m cheating on you with Clint and it’s tearing the team apart. Geez, you think they’d give me a better side piece. Are you aware that he sleep-walked into our room again last night?”
So,” he pauses to dig the ring box out of his pocket and when he looks back up at him Steve is beaming, which he takes as a good sign.
He sits down and takes the carving knife slowly, afraid that if he seems too eager Steve might just figure out how bad of an idea this is. Apparently it works because Steve just wraps an arm around Tony’s waist to secure him in place and points to a spot to the left of the spindly tree.
“Steve, really. Sit back down. I’m fine. Totally, completely-”
“Tony, c’mon-”
Tony pulls his arm out from behind Steve to look him dead in the eye. “Steve, sweetie,” he says as plainly as possible. “If we were ever trapped floating in the Atlantic and I put you on a piece of debris and then didn’t get on it with you or find myself another one or even suggest we take turns, wouldn’t you think I was a colossal idiot?”
“Except how statistically it really isn’t. Less than 3% of the general population identify orange as their favorite color. People hate orange,” Tony swallows thickly. “In fact, most people can’t stand orange. I mean, sure orange is a fun color at parties or nice to wear for a night out but people don’t commit to orange. Most people don’t even objectively like orange for its aesthetic beauty or even appreciate its importance in the color wheel. But, you love…orange.”
“Tony, I don’t see anything wrong up here!” Bruce’s voice reverberates against the metal sides of the flue and causes a small storm of soot to come raining down onto their sad, fireless pile of logs and kindling. The laughter, to say the least, does not subside.
“Clint, what did you do?” Natasha asks, voice slowly ticking upward with each word.
Steve just shakes his head so Tony jokes, “Are you pregnant? Because if it’s that then I have even more questions than I would have if the frequent crying thing was true.”
Tony wants to look at them at least, but he can’t tear his gaze away from the piano. He runs his hands over the keys reverently. “And you bought it for me. To have back. Permanently. For Christmas.”
“You saw Director Fury in our kitchen wearing a frilly, pink apron?” Steve asks, practically laughing.
outfit change. You like?”
impaired.”
“I wanted to have a little piece of us on me when I was fighting,” Steve says with a shy, little crooked smile. Like this isn’t the grandest gesture anyone’s ever made for Tony.
He looks at her, eyes hopeful.
“You were supposed to tell me when you woke up so I could help you to the bathroom. Why didn’t you do that?”
“It’s ok Steve.” She placated, a warm fondness in her tone.
He’d poked her in the sides for that and pouted until she rolled her eyes, called him a big baby and pushed his cheeks together with her palms until his lips pushed out like those of a pufferfish. He never understood why she liked doing that to him so much, perhaps because she was the only person in the world who could. Natasha was his sister, plain and simple, born from a different set of parents in a different part of the world but his sister nonetheless.
“Go get your phone baby, so you can swap numbers.” He whispers to her, his hand reaching to stroke her cheek. She nods and walks to the living room where her phone is surely hiding.
“You’re something else Rogers, you know that?”
At dinner, Harley explains how his dad just picked up and left the family not two months ago. They’d been forced to relocate so his mom, a nurse, could find work and she had gotten lucky enough to land a job at the closest hospital. Tony expected Vivi Keener to arrive at his door step looking tired and somewhat down-brought, but much to Tony’s surprise, the woman who rings his doorbell at nine twenty at night is the very picture of joy. She greets him not with a handshake, but with a hug that has him stepping back to regain his balance.
“New universes are created all the time Uncle Steve. Physics knows how to compensate once they’re up and running. As far as we know it’s the first time anyone has tried to create one from scratch but we know enough about them by now that this should work.”
“That’s quite interesting.”
She smiled despite knowing she shouldn’t, but what could she do? He was still Steve, a much more precise, calculated soldier but it was Steve Rogers through and through. He’d done what was necessary and now the world was safer for it. She would just have to be cautions around him, try to remember she was talking to a Captain America who had gone through hell and had had to do things he wasn’t proud of, like her.
As it was, his presence weighed heavily on Tony’s interactions with the team, not that Tony himself noticed it. For him Steve was just being Steve, his husband had rarely left him alone in over twenty years so why would he start now? For Tony it was normal to joke with Steve, to be constantly in sync with him, to count on him for his opinions. To the others, Tony seemed warm, funny, considerate but as untouchable as the sun. They could bask in his magnetic personality but if they got too close they had to worry about Steve.
They kissed, a peck of swollen lips and Tony draped himself over Steve’s left side with a sigh.
“Did you know about Jane?”
“Who am I kidding? You volunteered to be shot full of experimental drugs and something called ‘vita’ rays like a hundred years ago. Your survival instincts aren’t the sharpest Steve.”
Overall a new age was dawning on the People's United Country of the Americas, and the common people were excited to have a new leader in place who appeared to have them at the forefront. High Commander Rogers was proud of his accomplishments and felt pleased at the people’s reaction to his cutthroat approach. He was, he believed, the people’s Champion and he wished Tony Stark would have lived long enough to see it.
“Do they come in other colors too?”
He put her down gently. The young woman, dressed in black combat pants and a black long-sleeved shirt stood steadily on her feet, her face focused on Iron Man.
The news hit Tony in an unexpected way… He chuckled. ‘Of course he did’ he thought and laughed.
“Happy birthday Tony.”
“Super-soldier Serum Tony.”
“I love you more and more every day, baby. I wouldn’t trade this for anything.”
Sigrid takes a minute to think about it.
“Where you coming from?”
It was during a particularly luxurious bath one winter night, that Tony finally asked the question that had been most in his mind lately. Steve was in the spacious tub with him, his firm, strong body keeping Tony’s safe and in place. JARVIS had put on some music for them as they relaxed, then suddenly, against his leg Tony felt the very distinct sensation of an erection being pressed against his saggy thigh.
There’s always an effervescence whenever Steve walks into a space. His presence releases a scurry of energy that sends workers into panicked activity.
Startled, Steve released his tight hold but Tony simply nuzzled the prickly skin beneath his cheek. His breathing as steady as ever, his eyes were still shut and his body was pliant. After so many decades sleeping together, it now took more than a silent nightmare to make Tony wake up in the middle of the night. Tony rarely had trouble sleeping, could sleep through anything as long as Steve was right beside him.
“Let’s get a second opinion then.”
not working.”
“Yeah” Tony whispers.
Unfortunately Tony didn’t know her at all so Steve had to endure the proverbial cold shoulder all day. When they finally made it home later that day, no sooner was JARVIS saying “Welcome home Sirs” that Steve took hold of Tony’s forearms in a strong, unyielding grip.
“I kissed you… I was high and drunk and I kissed you… and you kissed me back?”
The commanding voice registered somewhere in his foggy brain and Tony slurred “yes”. Relieved, Steve moved the boy into his arms and carried him inside. Locking the door behind him, Steve went straight to the bathroom and deposited Tony into the empty tub.
“I don’t know about the famous part…”
Siggy nods but she cannot help the mischievous little smile that worms its way to her lips. She hadn’t said anything before on purpose, that much is obvious.
“Excuse me?”
But Steve Rogers has never been good at staying still for long. The more inactive he is… the more the unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach grows. It’s hard to pinpoint what exactly causes it, all Steve knows is that it’s an affliction since childhood. It’s what compelled him to get into fights at school… what compels him to act the way he’s acting now.
“Yeah Steve, I really do”
He texts.
“Happy?”
“No Sir. But the damage will be great. Emergency procedures have already been activated all over the planet. They are getting ready for the worst, Sir.”
“They most certainly are! It is an honour to meet you! I would love to discuss some of the therapies with you…” Thor looks so completely besotted that Tony wants to throw his head back and laugh.
“Nat would’ve been here if she hadn’t had to work.”
“But I thought Aunt Vivi already asked Uncle Stephen to grab us all something.”
“I might have broken the guy’s nose.”
In front of them Bruce and Natasha take the other two-seater while Steve and Thor slowly settle on the larger couch. Loki remains standing though, his gaze fixed on the available space beside Thor as if he’s scared it might hurt him. It takes Tony a second to figure out the reason for the hold-up.
Bucky smiled and handed the genius a wrapped present.
In instant later, a tall man with dark hair and athletic build makes his way out of the island and onto the living room, two kids tailing after him.
“Not on purpose, but I’ve hurt you by not realizing what you’ve been doing all these years. You always look after me Steve, but who looks after you?”
Unlike in a regular invasion however, Steve also had sex at his disposal. The first five months of their relationship were the most erotic in Steve’s long miserable life and incredibly enough, most of the time it wasn’t even Steve who initiated it. Some mornings Steve would wake up balls deep in Tony’s mouth without even knowing when the genius had started, other days, Tony would simply ambush him on the couch prepped and naked already. Most days they had sex at least once a day… everyday. Tony’s libido, his need for touch and reassurance were greater than Steve could have thought possible and suddenly he understood why the original Tony Stark had had such difficulties settling down. For who other than Steve, would know how to handle a Tony with tears in his eyes from how frustrated he was at not being able to figure out that one equation that would solve the glitch in that software he was creating? Who other than Steve would know how to draw him into his lap, run his hands over his back, stroke his hair and then when he finally felt better, would lay him down on the couch and make him forget his own name?
They would never know.
After their fight in Siberia they only ever said less than ten words to each other. It’d been the circumstances, Tony had been busy dealing with Congress, the UN, the Accords, the new facility and Steve had been busy trying to keep himself together. Then Thanos invaded and all Steve Rogers ever told Tony Stark was to ‘Be careful’. Captain America fought the ground battle for Earth, but Iron Man fought the battle against Thanos and it was Tony Stark who made the ultimate sacrifice.
“Did you have any kids at least?” Tony asks Steve, fully expecting to hear a yes.
Now he is more than Uncle Tony, he is now both Daddy and Mommy.
Tired of denying himself, Steve lunged forward, capturing Tony’s lips in a truly filthy kiss that was all teeth and tongue and ownership. They kissed until Tony was gasping for air, lightheaded from both the exertion and the loss of oxygen.
He kissed the top of Steve’s nose playfully, his smile much too radiant for the hold Steve was keeping on him.
Even back in his Avengers days, the suit had mostly taken the hits, anything else Steve had always been there to deflect. But a slash on each arm was not what it used to be back in his thirties. Nowadays his body took longer to recuperate, and that drove Steve half mad. Dr. Cho and Bruce had given Tony the green light to go home, leaving instructions with Steve as to how to take care of the stitches. That had been a week ago and Steve had not let Tony out of their apartment since.
“Skin cancer Steve, skin cancer.”
For this he is unapologetically proud.
While waiting for Harley’s little sister, ‘Arlen’ to come out, Tony gets the kid’s mom’s cell number and quickly texts her his name and address. He also sends her a picture of the three of them for good measure, figures she has the right to see the stranger who is taking her kids home with him. Harley’s sister is a dark haired little thing who hardly looks six. She has big brown eyes, a thin little face and a toothy-gap smile that charms Tony on the spot. Once everyone is inside and strapped in (Tony thanks the laziness that kept him from removing Siggy’s old booster seat like he should have done months ago), Tony drives home with two more kids than he started the day out with.
“That’s from Steve and me.”
Half an hour later, he wobbles into the kitchen and pours himself a tall cup of coffee before sitting on a stool. From here he can hear Tony’s conference call, can hear Darcy’s distinct high voice as she attempts to walk Tony through some upcoming deadlines. They bicker back and forth, teasing each other… being friendly.
Steve gives him a sad little smile and when he steps closer to give Tony a hug, it’s expected. Tony braces for the contact like one braces for a punch, and when it comes it’s surprisingly less painful than he thought it would be. It doesn’t last long, Tony steps away quickly enough and offers a smile.
Forty-three year old Tony Stark had been a hell of a lot better at saying no to Captain American than nineteen year old Tony was.
“Yes, he does make me happy. He’s a charming man, naïve yes, but very nice.”
Tony was falling for him. It’d started out as a crush, Steve knew. He’d caught the boy throwing side-glances at him for months now, but recently the side-glances had developed into longing stares. The timing was almost right for him to swoop in, he just had to wait and hopefully keep Tony from going on a guilt-driven sex spree with a list of nameless strangers.
Vic is taller than Steve, it’s possible he may have head butted him on the nose, broken it and caused a blood faucet to pour out. Everything goes in free-style street fights after all.
Alaska cried as she said goodbye, but stopped as soon as he told her that he’d decreed her President of Stark Industries. From now on an SI employee couldn’t so much as sneeze, breathe or eat without her knowing… if she so wished. Most importantly however; she was being left a kingdom.
‘The garden’
“You must be starving, I made you something. I know it’s not your favourite, it’s just some eggs but I wanted to go easy on your stomach after all the sedatives”
“I know Tony.”
The other man’s got a broken leg, jaw and arm but nothing Johann’s docs can’t patch up. Two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle reduced to a fucking seal on the floor.
“I don’t want any old hags Steve.”
She nods and smiles in the wisest manner she can. She thinks back to just two days ago when she spent two hours watching a horror movie on the couch with her Uncle Stephen, yelling at the screen the whole time as they criticised the ghost’s lousy decision making skills. Yes, she thinks, of course money can’t buy happiness.
They were at the lab, Steve working on shelter reports for the NYPD Captain and Tony doing delicate work on the hollo-table. He knew it was wrong, what he was about to do, but Tony pushed through the guilt.
“SO! Stevie, are you finally going to tell me what’s been keeping you so busy you don’t even have time to text me?”
Smiling, Steve looked up from the cutting board to meet Eliza’s bright green eyes. She was wearing a lovely red summer dress today and he could tell that she’s chosen the conservative style in Tony’s honour. Eliza had grown into an utterly stunning young woman and with Natasha’s guidance, the girl was proving to be just as skilled as the Black Widow.
“Eliza, this is Tony Stark, my husband. From now on it would be best if you didn’t kneel whenever you saw him.”
It’s through Vivi that Tony is eventually introduced to Dr. Stephen Strange, a neurosurgeon. Had Stephen and Tony met years prior, that acquaintance would have lasted no more than seconds, but life being what it is, Dr. Strange is not the same man he was a decade ago. For one, Dr. Strange is a widower who (like Tony) is still in love with someone who is now gone. They become good friends, the kind that can drink a beer out on the porch after a hell of a day and the kind Siggy likes to invite with them on day trips. Eventually, Stephen and Tony even become friends-who-sometimes-share-orgasms and even though their relationship shifts a little, they never talk about it.
“There’s no need! Besides you already told Pepper you’d go with her to see the Mayor. Come on Steve, I’m a big boy, I can handle the Captain and his sidekick just fine on my own!”
“It’d be nice to drink it out in the balcony.” Suggests Vivi as Stephen hands her a tall glass of the very nice (and very expensive) French wine.
“She won’t say anything. Actually, she told me she’s really proud of you for doing this. She’s pretty pissed off at Steve for what he did, you know. They all are.”
“I know Thor, but it doesn’t change anything. In fact if Helen knew you were here she’d have you arrested on the spot.”
“You remembered…”
“Tony we argued yesterday! You wanted to go check on the Jersey reactor power plant but I wanted you to stay and rest, remember?”
Hugs and kisses went around followed by an endless train of “You look good!” and “How’d the surgery go” and “How’re the kids?” until finally Tony took a seat beside Rhodey, his hand affectionately tapping hid oldest friend’s bony knee.
Steve should really go home now… go home to Tony…
Steve was at the facility gym, blowing off some steam when the question was asked. Steve stopped, steadied the punching bag and pulled back.
“I love you Tony, I love you and I know I hurt you but I just want a chance to make things right again. I want us to have a chance at being happy.”
“They were crying quite a bit… I was glad you missed them.”
“Yeah, the other Captain America can deal with him.”
It was obvious Steve had no idea what he’d done wrong. He was simply a blind man reaching for the wall in the middle of a strange room.
“It was the greatest honour to be chosen for this Sir. I am thankful.”
It brought to mind the last thing he’d done to Bucky, back when he’d been trying to get information out of him about the Resistance. He remembered Barnes’ anguished eyes as Steve shot his Resistance buddies dead one by one in front of him. ‘Yes’ Thought Steve ‘Let that gullible idiot in the ice deal with him in his own time.’
“Because you’re the best part of me, the only part I like.”
Steve was on his feet and trailing behind Tony faster than any other human would have been capable of. A firm hand grasped Tony’s right upper arm causing the other man to spin around.
“It’s hard to be sure with orphans but I trust her enough.”
Steve nodded his surrender and Tony turned to the mirror to go about his daily task of trying to shave with a prison razor. Tony didn’t understand why the sound of Steve peeing surprised him, but it did, perhaps because he hadn’t been in the bathroom while someone relieved their bladder since… well since he’d dated Steve really. It just wasn’t a habit he’d ever encouraged. All his relationships were always more formal, all his one-night stands always more customary. Natasha once told him he was the only person she’d ever met who kept such a distinct line between personal and professional. He’d taken it as a compliment until she following with “… and you’re always professional unless you’re with people you’ve known since before you grew armpit hair.”
Those dreams were dangerous.
Get his life together.
“Yeah, about that… good luck.”
They stopped talking when morning light flooded Howard’s study.
Whatever happened around this time in Steve’s dimension must have been so catastrophic and traumatic that this was merely a rain storm in comparison. That’s why Steve was so relaxed. Tony knew from Eliza that an alien warlord had invaded, logically the evil alien warlord must have had technology and weapons beyond anything from earth, which probably meant millions of people died. If millions had died, the planet had been decimated. Humanity had obviously survived but somewhere in the rubble Steve had emerged as what Eliza referred to him as, High Commander Rogers.
“Tony is the heir to Stark Industries Steve, I want him to understand the responsibility that comes with it.”
All too soon Tony was out of sight and not far behind Peter Parker ran to catch up to him. He’d been surprised to find how many of their old friends worked for Tony. Natasha Romanov was Pepper Pott’s personal assistant, and he’d heard that she’d been Tony’s assistant when he was still CEO. He often saw Natasha walking beside Ms. Potts, both women the very picture of fashionable elegance Steve had only seen in movies. He knew from the email directory that Bruce Banner was the VP of some biology wing in the building and Peter Parker was the Creative Director of Product innovation. Sam Wilson worked for the Maria Stark Foundation and Clint Barton did something that had to do with product testing. Even Thor Odinson worked for SI, he was a big shot over at Product Sales.
An amused little smirk pulled up the corners of her mouth.
“Actually that’s our news. We’re pregnant, through a surrogate.” Natasha is beaming, her face lighting up in a way Tony hasn’t seen since they were teens.
“Maybe just a peanut butter sandwich?”
“But you just moved to Knoxville! What if something happens to you? Daddy, can they come home with us? Please!”
“Ok… when you look at me, do you feel guilt?”
“Nope, from Marcy’s, but I can make us some from scratch if you’d prefer”
Steve always looked deeply uncomfortable when he replied, but it was getting easier to get an honest reply with each passing day.
“Will you relax? We don’t even see them anymore since we retired from active duty.”
It’s a fun project and he loves watching the little terrors figure it out. Arlen for her part stays out of it, finding all the entertainment she needs in game apps involving pet care and virtual home design. Tony loves her all the more for it, he doesn’t know what he would do if she too was obsessed with making as much noise as humanly possible.
But Tony doesn’t know about Steve’s newfound dark little hobby. He doesn’t know that Steve has learned how much pressure it takes to push a knife through a human ribcage, doesn’t know how good Steve has gotten at this.
How Steve savored Howard’s sharp inhale, his repressed anger. How he wanted Howard to push the subject so he could truly unleash High Commander Rogers upon him. But Howard’s survival instincts must have seen the determination in Steve’s eyes because suddenly Howard pulled back.
“Well he is a surgeon darlin’; he can afford to.”  Vivi explains which causes Tony to snort in response.
“No. I know where her office is.”
The completely unsolicited piece of news stuns Tony into silence.
“I thought the connection had already been severed when I went through.”
“She wanted to warn you that this dimension will most likely experience severe seismic activity as a result of the destruction. They have completely severed the connection between both dimensions but considering how close one is to the other, Senior Science Officer Richards believes it will still affect it.”
‘So everyone else does argue with their significant other.’
But now isn’t five years ago and Tony is no longer the same person he was then.
“I think we both know that’s bull.”
“Well look who developed expensive tastes all of a sudden.”
“You’ve been together for twenty-six years?”
“Thanks Darce”
“Are you happy?” Steve stilled Tony’s roaming hands with his own, his bright blue eyes digging deeply into bewildered brown.
“Doesn’t matter. We promised her we wouldn’t try to hunt down Thor when she told us she was pregnant and that’s a promise I’m keeping. Besides, who knows where the hell he is.”
“We can go to my room, we’re all an hour from passing out from exhaustion anyway so we might as well be close to a bed.”
She took to planning the lavish affair with Tony as if she was organizing a merger. There were meetings and committees and color schemes until Steve finally threw his hands in the air and butted out. Eventually she grew so busy that Tony insisted she hire an assistant to help with some of the SI load, that assistant turned out to be Natalie Rushman.
Eliza wasn’t this warm with everyone, in fact she wasn’t friendly with anyone except him, as far as he knew. With Steve she was all military replies and straightforwardness, with the Avengers she was efficient but silent. She only ever let down her guard around Tony and because of that he found himself being protective of her.
Howard Stark directed a piercing glare at Steve, though anger was evident in his eyes he schooled his voice into reasonable calm.
But Steve didn’t say anything, instead he walked over to Pepper, dropped a kiss on her slightly freckled forehead and smiled.
“Not today. The new energy grid is not going to be approved this year Tony, we have plenty of time.”
“There you are my little marshmallow!”
“That’s right, and I’m never gonna let anyone harm you again.”
They spend their first night in in a Knoxville hotel room because it’s late and Tony figures they both need a proper night’s sleep. The next morning, one bottle of formula and a proper breakfast later, they’re back in the car, heading straight to their new home.
She was on her feet in seconds, except unlike anyone else on the planet she made her way around the desk and continued forward until she had her arms wrapped around his neck. He returned the embrace, feeling the warmth of her shoulders in his palms through her stylish blouse. Her curly hair tickled his cheek and he breathed in her soft perfume, remembering how as a baby she’d smelled of baby powder.
Thor, who has continued to stare at Sigrid with a mixture of pure amazement and utter disbelief, finally focuses on Tony.
Steve chuckled, low, intimate.
“What’s the meaning of this?”
Steve knew it would work because that’s the only power source that the People's United Country of the Americas used, but it had never taken off until after the Regime took over. If this all went well then this Earth would have a clean source of energy over fifty years before the original.
“Yeah Thor, we will.”
Mirth coloured Steve’s voice and it sent liquid warmth straight through Tony’s body.
“You keep your liquor under lock and key Stark?” Asks Loki, impressed.
It was automatic. Heartfelt. Honest. Tony was indeed different.
Steve did wait, two long weeks to be exact. Howard eventually brought in Peggy Carter and her tears upon seeing him were real. For his part, Steve truly was pleased to see her like this- healthy, vibrant, strong. She asked him a hundred questions all of which he answered as truthfully as he dared. He told them both that there was still a Steve Rogers buried in the ice somewhere but that he was not meant to awaken for another thirty years.
“Tony?”
“My mission is coming along very well High Commander, however he recently expressed a desire for us ‘to go public’ and I’m…. unsure.”
After that day Tony’s life makes its first big change since his move to Tennessee. He suddenly not only has two extra kids practically living at his house, but he also has a best friend again. Vivi has more life in her than anyone he’s ever met. She is loud and vivacious and yet has so much empathy for people that Tony often feels lucky to know someone so honestly… good. She’s also a wonderful OR nurse and it doesn’t take long for the best surgeons in the hospital to start requesting her at their surgeries.
“Yeah it probably will but I still think it’s fucking weird.”
“And no sticks in the mud.”
He doesn’t tell her that he was in what he thought of as a marriage for almost a decade. He doesn’t tell her about his childhood friends or the apartment he once had in Brooklyn. He doesn’t tell her about Steve Rogers or his family or anything from his past. Siggy however is smart enough to figure some things out on her own. The rest she figures out with Harley’s help.
The dynamic feels both nostalgic and strange. After all, he is technically raising three kids and is one part of a co-dependent triad of broken-hearted adults who can’t go more than 40 hours without seeing each other. Old Tony would never have lived like this, but present Tony doesn’t like thinking about back then, he tells Siggy stories about Jane of course, but he never tells her about his old life.
“Grandma is actually terrifying about it.” Agrees Siggy.
With eyes full of amusement, Tony watches as his daughter asks her Uncle Loki for his cell phone number. She’s so utterly charming about it that Tony doesn’t know whether to be proud or embarrassed. Had she learned that from him? Or is it one of those things that came pre-programmed in Thor’s genes.
“Everything ok Thor?” Loki’s tone is pure accusation and Thor looks up at his brother with stinging eyes.
The words themselves were, wrong. The meaning behind them was unhealthy but the love shining through Steve’s blue eyes was greater than Tony would ever be able to fully understand.
Tony stretched out his hand in a self-conscious manner, as if trying to remember everything he’d ever been taught about hand shaking in a single instant. But Steve’s hand took hold of Tony’s before the boy had time to worry.
For a moment the girl appeared to be in conflict but she obeyed the High Commander. Once on her feet, her gaze still downcast Steve waved Tony closer until he stood beside Steve.
“I don’t know sweetheart. We weren’t exactly on speaking terms before he passed”
“You noticed that”
“Babe, are aliens green?”
A smirk betrayed its way through the anger and Tony nodded. They didn’t always do penetrative sex nowadays, although Steve would never say it for the sake of the genius’ ego, he was trying to be more mindful of Tony’s body. Tony was forty-five now after all and although he never complained, walking with a limp every other morning was less than ideal. So Steve found other ways for them to be intimate, ways that involved their mouths and lube and so much kissing that their lips could hurt for hours. Ways that involved hands and smooth skin. It was all about the touch for Steve, it was about to having Tony’s skin, warm and alive against him as much as possible. They’d tried using a toy once, years ago at Tony’s request but Steve had hated it so they’d scrapped the idea.
Tony registered with detached interest as Steve’s features hardened, his eyes sharpening with something that could have been violence. Then, just as quickly that violence vanished, and Steve crawled to his bedside. He kneeled forward and rested his torso on the soft bed by Tony’s shoulders before taking Tony’s right hand between his own.
Tony’s fingers continue their rhythmic dance, ignoring the way the muscles beneath them have gone taut.
“But I thought you were staying here?!”
“Can we at least stay in touch this time around?”
‘What does it matter? That universe is dead now, but we’re not, we’re both here.’ Tony thought. Steve had done things he wasn’t proud of to survive and probably so had the Tony Stark of that universe. The only reason he’d been spared all that was because Steve had always been here to muffle every hit that life threw his way. So what now? Was he going to dissect his husband’s psyche some more? Did he really want to pin Steve to a board and poke at his brain until he knew things he didn’t actually want to know?
He’s seen Tony fix things thousands of times before and yet it always amazes him.
Siggy nods, smiling when Tony kisses her forehead. “Thanks daddy”
“What happened that turned me into you?” Cap finally asked Steve one day.
It wasn’t a long conversation but it didn’t need to be. There were squeals of happiness from Pepper, relief, disbelief, then the questions began and the answers came to Tony quickly and by their own accord. Tony listened as his mouth and brain spun artful half-truths after downright lies. He heard himself explaining how Steve had saved him from a pair of masked kidnappers and had brought him to his cabin in Maine. He listened to himself recall the experience and tell her how he’d been drugged by them and how Steve had nursed him back to health. He heard himself asking Pepper to let the NYPD know Tony was safe but to hold off on sending a car down for him just yet. He did consciously ask for Natasha and Rhodey’s cell phone numbers, gave her Steve’s phone number so she could reach Tony and hung up promising to call her the next day.
Eliza bloomed as soon as the greeting reached her. She beamed at Tony and walked a couple of steps to reach the open arms that were being offered to her. She hung onto her Savior with the gusto of the devoted and reluctantly pulled away.
Those with a death wish referred to the High Commander’s infatuation with the late Tony Stark as an ‘obsession’.
“Did Fury tell you anything about me?” Steve finally asked her.
The food is consumed in a frenzy of noise, voices talking over each other, food being unwrapped, a myriad of conversations carrying one over the other. It doesn’t take long for Vivi (dressed and ready), to come downstairs to grab a bite to eat herself before leaving for her shift. She leaves the children with hugs and kisses, Tony with a big smooch to his forehead and a mysterious conversation with Stephen that is whispered too low for anyone to hear. All Tony knows is that when Stephen walks back into the living room, he seems particularly interested in watching Steve.
Vision nodded curtly and they walked up the steps to the entrance in comfortable silence.
“Still the same cut?”
“I though you would be pleased.”
Tony exhales. Bitter acceptance in a puff of air that says ‘of course, why wouldn’t it be?’ without words. Suddenly exhausted, he lays down next to Steve and allows himself to suckle on the comfort that his lover freely offers in his arms.
The warmth and weight of those words threw the boy by surprise. He looked shaken for a moment but there was such radiance in Steve Roger’s gaze that Tony couldn’t help but look back.
“Now remember what I told y’all, if any of you so much as touches anything, you’ll be spending the rest of your days doing household for Dr. Strange, understood?”
“What if my beginning was my future?”
When Steve Stark was inside the Commander armour he was the heaviest hitter that the Avengers had. He often surprised the rest of the team and Steve knew Cap’s curiosity was peaking to unsustainable amounts.
“Yeah sweetheart, I think the fucker might be to blame for all this.”
It was the right thing to say, for the High Commander Roger’s face softened into what almost reminded Vision of Steve.
“Yeah small wonder, we went at it what? Four times in like ten hours.”
Tony’s all-seeing eyes searched his husband’s, a slight concerned frown between white eyebrows.
‘…and that’s why Tony Stark is a fucking genius.’ He thought.
She lowered her hand and sat back down with her back stiff but her eyes betrayed excitement.
Vivi looks him over with clinical precision but she smiles when she reaches his face.
“What does that mean? What makes me the holy exception to Steve Roger’s temper?”
He pulls five icy cold beers from the fridge and waits for the electric lock to latch back in place. He places the beers on the table and purposely ignores the look of longing Steve is throwing his way. He uncaps his beer and waits for them each to do the same before speaking. “A toast! For the sleep our friends here are soon not going to be getting!” He declares.
After some struggle with the tangle of sheets Tony did as instructed and managed to drag himself to the side closest to the window. He laid down on sheets and pillow case that smelled like Steve and closed his eyes, falling asleep in seconds.
It was all coming so easily. One smile, one look, one arm on a shoulder and they were all smiles and trust.
For now, High Commander Rogers just had to maintain control until he made it to the portal.
“What did they find?”
“You’re kidding.”
Steve lifted his head off Tony’s shoulder, his blue eyes bearing red and huge into Tony’s calm brown irises.
“It’s probably neurological but it’s not due to either a tumour nor any anomaly in your blood. We can experiment with different treatments and see which works best for you Mr. Stark.”
“Like hell it isn’t! Something happened where you came from that turned me into you and I want to know what it was!”
Tony exhaled in relief. “Ok, good.”
He waited heartbeat after heartbeat until finally he heard a door slide open and close. Looking back at the house Steve caught his first glimpse of Tony Stark in over sixty years- dark curly hair, handsome boyish charm and a walk that had attitude written all over it. Steve watched as the eighteen year old walked out into the garden toward him, a nervous smile on his red lips. He was all smooth skin and crystal clear eyes, all sweet charm and cocky youth.
But Steve only stared. “What boyfriend?”
“Text us when you get to the tower.” Steve’s order was met with a prompt verbal reply, followed by Eliza’s customary head dip to Steve. It’d taken Tony a while to understand why Eliza never once touched her Commander, but he now understood that it was simply a protocol so engrained in her military training that she dared not go against it.
“Baby it’s fine. I’m not mad, I’m just really surprised. I didn’t think Eliza liked him like that, and Cap! He barely dates!”
“I’ll build you an armour.”
“We’re at twenty-five weeks.”
Harley knows he’s going to say yes, of course he is, his whole world revolves around the girl in front of him, but he still takes his time saying yes… for effect.
“Yes please.” She sighed, dropping her forehead to rest against Steve’s muscled bicep. She turned her head to direct a deadly glare in Tony’s direction. “I’m gonna go enjoy my twelve percent of the tower with a bottle of Chevalier Montrachet while I talk to my boyfriend.”
It had scared him once too, but he’d been very young back then. Now the Commander could see the roadmap of what would be Steve Roger’s life just by looking at him. He could see how their deaths would all wear on him, how scared he would be of being alone. It would be a useful fear for Eliza to exploit in the long run. She might be able to get away with more than they thought as long as she played on that fear.
High Commander Rogers left the People's United Country of the Americas in a better state than he found it, that much he was sure of. Open elections would be held in a month for local representatives and after those, a complete ruling government would be established.
Steve can’t help himself, he throws his head back and laughs. The exertion sends a shockwave of pain from Steve’s cracked rib but the sound of it relaxes Tony’s brow.
“I’m gonna have to meet him eventually. You know that right?”
He makes her sit down and have some dinner despite her protests, and when the kids join them at the table Siggy and Harley retell the story of the broken beaker and their easy friendship. Two hours later and much past everyone’s bedtimes, the tired family of three finally drives home for the night.
Tony felt as he was lowered down onto a bed and was just starting to untangle himself from the blankets when he heard Steve close and lock the door.
Tony Stark had thrived in the grey area that was politics and human nature, Steve Rogers did not. So with time, Steve Rogers became Commander Rogers and the line between enemy and ally blended enough that there was no longer any clear difference between SHIELD and Hydra, Anarchist and Patriot. Morals, ideals and human nature took to a blender of blood and violence until all that was left was High Commander Rogers, the people’s hero. The man who overthrew governments, imposed order and ruled with an iron first.
“It’s ok, really! We’ll just take the bus home, we do it all the time.” The kid, Harley assures Tony, embarrassment colouring his face.
Confused, he opened his eyes. Perhaps he had moved away from Tony during the night. But he had not, and the hand in his own palm was now cold. He touched Tony’s cheek, cupped it only to realize that though still supple, it was cold too.
Tony didn’t fight it, didn’t complain about it or raise hell. He understood he’d scared Steve, reminded him of how squishy and vulnerable he really was. It also didn’t help that Tony was coming down with a cold. The sniffling and sneezing had begun that very morning until Steve made him drink some medicine. Now he laid in bed, drowsy and sedated from the cold meds, listening to the rhythm of Steve’s heart.
Tony Stark would see his father’s legacy burn to the ground as retribution for killing his mother. Tony Stark would destroy his father’s source of pride if only to rebuild it as his own.
“He did Sir, both auditory and GPS.”
“Do you still feel guilty about how things went with the Tony Stark of your universe.?”
The frenzied call caused Steve to bolt out of bed at what turned out to be five twenty eight in the morning. He ran to Tony’s locked room, expecting the worst and found the room a meat freezer, Tony shivering on the bed under a blanket.
That didn’t mean they were completely scot free but Steve just wanted to make it through the rest of the year without an incident. A good Commander was a master tactician, knew exactly when to strike and right now was not the time to move the waters.
“Well that’s bullshit because you’re the only part of ME that I like.”
It wasn’t a threat, it was just a statement but it turned Steve Roger’s blood cold either way.
In an hour Steve Rogers was standing in front of Stark Manor as it had once been, back when Howard and Maria were alive. The large gates had a buzzard beside them but he knew better than to press it at this hour. Instead, Steve climbed the brick wall and walked right up to the front door.
There’d been a car crash, the right place at the wrong time. Tony hadn’t even been involved, he’d just pulled the unconscious guy out of the car and had gotten hurt doing so, no biggie. But boy, did it freak the ever living soul out of his husband. Steve watched Tony like a hawk, watched him as he watched movies, as he kept Steve company in the kitchen, as he fidgeted with his Stark pad, as he tried to shower. Every night Steve guided Tony’s head onto his shoulder and every night Tony fell asleep to the feeling of fingers running through his hair.
Tony does not in fact fall asleep after they make themselves comfortable on Stephen’s king size bed. At first they’re all too tipsy to fall asleep, too giggly to relax. Then one by one they start dropping off until Vivi is snuggled against Tony’s back like a warm spoon and Stephen has Tony’s right hand trapped in one of his. Tony thinks he could fall asleep like this, safe and warm in a friendship cocoon of his own making, but an old memory is protruding too much from the rest to be left alone. The memory of a situation, much like this one, involving a night he spent sleeping in Steve’s arms with Jane on the opposite side, her back warm against his.
He steps back, milk in hand and lets the refrigerator door snap closed. He’s turning back to the counter, thoughts already on the smoothie recipe ‘add two cups of almonds…’ when a large, warm hand stops him cold. He feels the hand dip beneath his boxers, inside the crack between his butt cheeks and feels a finger run over the swollen rim.
They couldn’t look away from each other. In fact every single instant that Tony was awake nowadays was spent looking at Steve, as if they both couldn’t get their fill. Tony couldn’t manage more than two words at once so now it was up to Steve to fill in the silence, up to him to entertain Tony, up to him to make sure the bedridden man felt loved.
Tony had gone out.
“Alaska and Em came to see you this morning while you were asleep. They asked me to give you their love.”
The infant is completely indifferent to his promise. She sleeps peacefully, wrapped in warm blankets. She is unaware that a car accident killed her mother just four days ago. Nor will she hear the dramatic story of how doctors had to cut her out of her dead mother’s womb just in time to save her life, at least not for another sixteen years. For now baby Sigrid sleeps deeply and she will stay that way until the pains of hunger rouse her into wails.
Steve didn’t need to answer, Tony could see it. He saw it in Steve’s eyes every day, saw it in the way he laughed at every stupid joke Tony came up with, saw it in how he worried about making sure Tony ate and slept and that his coffee was just the way he liked it.
Vivi stops them in front of one of the doors by rapping her knuckles against it. It takes mere seconds for the door to open, slowly revealing Stephen’s striking face. He smiles widely at them all, stepping back to let them all in.
Tony’s eyes lift to the ceiling as he yells “No one’s perfect Steve!”
He collapsed to his knees in relief.
Yes, he did indeed remember that. He remembered giving in as soon as Steve brought up that they hadn’t had time for sex in four days and he’d really love for Tony to stay so they could have some quality time.
Tony’s petulant brown eyes locked with Steve’s blue, “Yes you will.” And Steve understood then that Tony knew his secret, had probably already done all the math to figure out Steve’s age. What else did Tony understand? How much of Steve did he really see?
Father and daughter watch the car drive away from the safety of their porch. Siggy settles comfortably by Tony’s side, her head resting against his chest.
All the training they’d been doing lately had done wonders for Tony’s physique. When it looked like Tony was more or less done ranting Steve pressed himself against Tony’s front.
Tony was still in a state of shock, as he had been since the police knocked on their door to deliver the terrible news. He’d broken down crying every now and then but then he’d settle back down and a dazed look took over. For his part Steve was simply concentrating on keeping the vultures away from Tony. It wasn’t hard, he made an intimidating picture in his black suit and piercing blue eyes. Most people assumed he was Tony’s bodyguard, the ones who knew who he was assumed he was being a supportive friend. Not even Peggy Carter knew about their romantic relationship, which Steve was glad for since it meant being able to be with Tony without getting judgemental eyebrow raises for it.
“Believe me sir, the honour is mine.”
“Yeah. I’ll even bump it 10% just because it’s you.”
Today, Tony found Eliza sitting too close to the TV in the tower common room, the remote gripped tightly between both hands. She loved television, loved to flip through channels and see all the different programming. She could spend hours in front of the thing until the sound of Steve’s boots had her shooting to her feet. She’d slowly come to realize that ‘High Commander Rogers’ didn’t mind her doing whatever she wished as long as she called him ‘Commander’ only.
In nineteen years together they’d never had such a fight. Tony yelled about being able to make his own decisions while Steve yelled about danger. Tony yelled about being a grown-ass adult and Steve yelled about the danger of it, about what could happen.
“What’s done is done Steve. Just… leave it there.” He sounds cold, tired and maybe he is. Steve’s actions had a direct impact on his life, in his decisions. Had he had the support of friends he would have chosen to raise Siggy in New York. Had he not been so alone he would haven’t have come so far away looking for a new start, wouldn’t have met Vivi, or Harley, or Arlen or Stephen. He wouldn’t be part of a community, wouldn’t have the kind of peace he has now. He wouldn’t have had a house full of laughter and noise and warmth. “What’s done is done.” He repeats out loud.
Steve Stark would do everything in his power to keep them well away from what he’d rightfully earned.
As Tony’s mind raced Steve’s eyes fluttered open and then turned his head to face Tony.
“Is it me, or is that cashier looking at us kinda spooked?” Tony’s hand is tightly locked around Steve’s left bicep. It’s rare for them both to be going to the grocery store, but Tony insisted.
“No, my boyfriend. He has work in the afternoon and didn’t want to take the extra day off so he took a Nightquill and is out like a light”
There was actual alarm in Steve’s eyes, almost as if he were afraid of how Tony might react. It was moments like these that confused Tony almost to the point of desperation. Steve had a very specific type of PTSD, one that involved specific trigger words but only when said by Tony. They could transform his strong, confident pillar of a man into a ball of anxiety and sometimes even fear in seconds.
“Relax, Cap is not going to sweep me off my feet Steve. Besides his boyfriend is always standing right there so I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”
And he is. Steve is sorry for worrying his love, but he isn’t sorry about the attention it’s getting him. During work hours Tony’s sole focus is his computer, he can ignore raging fires, street sirens, loud music, but not a hurt Steve.
“Happy birthday Tony.” Cap said instead.
“What about breakfast?”
“I am with Doctors Without Borders, my team travels Haiti giving medical care to children and adults.”
“Goodnight Pepper!”
Sixty-three years had passed since the death of the great Tony Stark at the hands of the titan Thanos. He’d died saving the world he so loved and High Commander Rogers didn’t want a day to pass without the people recognising that Tony Stark had been a hero. The people needed a hero after all, and with Stark Industries being the only large corporation left in the conquered world, they needed to believe in it as much as Tony had.
Rogers would never know happiness the way Steve Stark had, and he didn’t need to. Cap would be happy enough with Eliza, he would play house with her and enjoy their so-called relationship until eventually death called her too. The Commander would be long dead by then and Captain Rogers would need to learn how to be alone, the same way the Commander had learned.
“Someone will be there in thirty minutes.”
“SHIELD is your business Pegs, you just call me when you need the big guns.”
The cabbie doesn’t even blink when Steve tells him where they’re going. He thinks about that for a moment… how gentrification is touching every corner of this city. Gentrification is like the silent invader, he thinks to himself, the one you don’t expect until one day you wake up and everything costs three times as much and everything’s changed.
Once, a year ago Clint accused Tony of that exact same thing and he’d fervently denied it back then. This time around however, Tony was no longer so sure.
---------
Steve found himself feeling relieved. Pepper was slowly becoming protective her boss although she seemed to naturally gravitate towards Steve. She worked hard, pushed Tony when she needed to and knew when to go to Steve for help. She gave them their space, respected their privacy and enjoyed unique relationships with each of them. A year into her employment JARVIS was finally operational and Pepper had fit herself comfortably into their lives. A month later in the newspaper, a small article appeared announcing the unfortunate death of Aldrich Killian from a severe asthma attack.
“Actually, turns out you did! Remember a few years ago when you allowed the government to suck your blood for science? Well Bruce was one of the scientists who examined it and he realized gamma radiation wasn’t the key at all so he moved on.”
“She sounds pretty impressive.”
“Sir… I am in a serious romantic relationship with Captain Rogers.”
It’s Tony’s worry that finally snaps Steve out of nonchalance. He looks at his partner, his love, his life and sees the worry in those big brown eyes. He knows Tony is already thinking of a million possible outlandish outcomes; of some bookie blackmailing Steve into more fighting, of a mob boss beating down their door for retribution.
With time, High Commander Rogers had looked after Anthony Rhodes, especially when both Pepper Potts and James Rhodes sided with his faction during the rise of the Supreme Leader. They’d trusted Steve and for it they were handsomely rewarded. Anthony had grown up healthy, strong and safe under his protection and now his daughter Alaska held a strong position in his government. ‘Pepper and Rhodey would be pleased’ Steve liked to think.
“What?” Steve chocked out.
Tony curled around the warmth radiating from Steve’s chest and he nodded.
“Here…” Tony pecked Steve’s lips quickly and gestured at the screen, “Take a look, am I forgetting anyone?”
“Make it up to me?! I can’t even go to the bathroom on my own you sick fuck! You’re DRUGGING me!”
“Thank you. Now who wants me to carry her? Yes, you do! Yes you want uncle Tony to hug you, don’t you my little puff pastry?”
The earth, the real earth he had fought for, bled for, changed for was about to suffer the greatest calamity in its existence and there was nothing he could do to save anyone.
After the ceremony they were all ushered into the reception hall where the gaudiest coloured drapery decorated the chairs and tables. Pepper looked almost apologetically at Steve for the tones of ruby red and gold that bathed the hall.
He understood the real question, the need for reaffirmation that was so uniquely Tony, but why did his opinion matter? In the past eleven months Tony had proven to the world that he was a man to be respected and admired by his own merits and intelligence. So why should Steve’s opinion matter on something so inherently Tony Stark?
“I’m sorry to be putting you through this.” Tony sometimes whispers to him.
“I promise not to try anything stupid Steve”
The choices he’d made had been made out of necessity, not immortality. The people he killed had been killed for the sake of future peace. He was an old man now even if he didn’t look a day over thirty-five and he was too weathered to explain his actions to anyone. It was with these thoughts in mind that the High Commander watched Valeria Richards start up the first ever dimension-creating machine. He watched it swirl to life as a great ball of light from the safety of an observation room. Beside him he heard Alaska gasp at the numbers flowing into the computer panels. The new dimension was taking root in an empty space between this dimension and another. An exact copy dimension of theirs was being born and he watched it happen with utter disbelief.
, before saying “Look, I’m not the one to usually promote fraternization between teammates but I can tell already that you’re going to be an even bigger pain in my ass until this passes so you know what? Get your ass up. Chug some coffee. Take an aspirin. And fucking man up and tell Rogers that you are in love with him.”
They try to make things as painless as possible for the sake of the team.  It doesn’t really work. It just makes things awkward for a while. But they try. Eventually they just become experts at avoiding one another.
“So it’s blackmail?” Bruce asks, calmly amused from behind Betty, his arms wrapped tightly around her midsection.
“No. No. No. Nope,” he trailed, swinging the bottle in his hand around in small circles. “Because everyone is just
Steve trails off with a vague gesture in Thor’s direction and a noise that is somehow conveys both amusement and confusion.
Steve can’t help but grin, feeling the warm, fond feeling that usually accompanied Tony’s presence spread through his chest.
“None of us here are exactly winning any awards for our stellar childhoods, I know,” Clint begins. “But, I was a foster kid with a disability-” He fiddles with one of his hearing aids. “Nothing was ever certain for me. Working for SHIELD was the easiest decision I’ve ever made because I had nothing to risk. And up until eight and a half years ago, I think we all felt a little like that. I think we were all a little adrift. But then we got each other. And we took that and made a team and then a home and then the closest thing to a family I’ve really ever had. So I am thankful. I’m thankful for our jobs because they’re important and I’m thankful for this house because it’s amazing. But most of all, and I think I speak for everyone here, I’m thankful for the six of you because you give me something to be certain about.” Clint takes a deep breath, tips the glass towards his mouth, and says “Now in the immortal words of the wizened philosopher Natasha Romanov: ‘We all made it. Let’s eat.”
The rest of the team stayed home just in case they were needed for an emergency but Pepper’s with him, worrying in that silent way of hers. She’s rearranged her planner five times in the last twenty minutes alone.
“Steve,” he says, trying to keep his voice level. “There’s something I wanted to ask you about. Something private, something I didn’t want to talk about with Bruce and Betty around.”
” Tony practically moans. He rubs a frustrated hand across his forehead and clutches his drink. “We’re shelving that conversation for another day. Next please.”
Steve’s little art nook – that’s quickly turning into more of an art studio – up in Tony’s quarters is always the most beautiful at dusk. The sunset fills the sky and paints the room in shades of purple and -
“Science,” Tony says with a smug tone. It fills him with an odd sense of pride to know that
Tony pretends to retch into his grocery bag as long as it takes to wring a laugh out of Rhodey, which isn’t long at all, and the warm and fuzzy feeling grows.
Clint nods and Natasha just levels him the same look she gives him anytime he tries to call the shots when they’re not actively in the middle of a battle but she doesn’t say anything against him.
“Is it?” Tony says, avoiding eye contact like he does when he’s telling a blatant lie. “Aw well, so sad that he’s being kept waiting.”
As per usual, Steve has to fight back the impulse to crawl into a corner and die of embarrassment at the mention of his time selling war bonds. He expresses his flattery as best he can, stuttering a little around his words of thanks.
“Huh?” Steve twists his head to look back at the patches, a large smile blooming across his face when he sees them. “I didn’t ask for the Avengers one. I gave Coulson a sketch for the other one but I wasn’t sure if he’d actually put in it.”
stare boring into the back of his skull and for once he doesn’t even care. All he feels at the moment are happiness and relief.
"Yes," Wanda touches the drawing again. "Yes." She repeats and it feels like a promise. A duty. A beginning and an ending. Steve will craft a home for her, and for all the others --but he will remain a vagabond. Exiled forever.
It’s not a definitive answer but it is something. Steve nods. Silence comes heavy after that.
And he draws, clear lines, tangles of lines --it doesn't form any shape at the beginning but, Steve is patient to wait it out. His drawings will take form, he just has to wait.
"Mrs Rogers?" Tony asks in what he hopes is his best polite voice.
And yet the door opens right behind him.
“Not this week.”
"I'm happy you are doing fine,"
Steve nods amused, and lets him stare at all the notebooks as long as he wants.
"Old memories," Steve looks down at the paper.
Tony closes his eyes and actually winces.
"I thought you had a wife,"
"You will always have a place here, with us." Steve says. It may not be enough but is something.
Clint says it's good for a man to have a hobby. Steve doesn't say anything back --even less that every line he scratches on paper feels like atonement.
It isn't.
Natasha sighs. "It's up to you Cap."
Tony takes a year to answer back, he sends back Steve's sketch notebook with all the pages torn or ripped in half -except for one, a drawing of a field of daffodils remains intact.
It doesn't end there. It never does.
Sam is the only one who never says a thing about the drawings. Steve is grateful for that. Sam knows him too well, maybe, and that's the reason why he stays silent.
The woman just snorts. Red headed and pretty, but not fragile. Tony can see how Steve
"Are you?" Sam crosses his arms.
What moves him to draw though, is hope. With Steve it has always been about hope.
"Destruction, hope," Steve looks at the paper on his hands. "What I saw in Wakanda, Bucky's death, the food my mother used to coock for me when I was sick and small."
Steve nods. "It was his decision,"
Wanda's fingers are warm when she accepts his help.
"Not at all," Steve doesn't lie. He doesn't think of Tony much, doesn't like to, that's why he draws.
Tony nods to himself and turns around. It won't happen this Christmas.
"Really?" She asks dryly.
Wakanda is far behind. Bucky has peace, and is nice to know that at least of the two, one can rest. Steve's days are long, longer that the ones he remembers passing at the Front --he is still fighting a war but the reasons are beginning to blur; the thing is he can't stop the fight, not now, maybe not ever.
"I know," Steve half-smiles. "You just work too much,"
"Then, it was good seeing you."
"I've got time," Steve says as he works on the shadows of his most recent drawing. "It's what I have most."
"You didn't have to use protection," Steve says out of the blue and yet somehow Tony already knows what is it the other man is going to say next. "I never slept with him."
The drawing is about an old coffee shop across the street. The building looks fragile and about to collapse; is the first detail Steve notices as they pick their first safe house.
"And patience," Natasha adds, sitting in front of him. "What is this one about?"
Tony leaves and Steve feels defeat. There are things you can't solve by will alone, even though Steve would like to try.
"Working."
"I don't remember what it felt to have one." Wanda answers quietly and Steve feels guilt, heavy, clawing at his chest. Petro and Wanda, Sokovia, it stills feels like a failure to him.
Natasha stops visiting Tony after his refusal to read Steve's letters. She says, Tony won't accept any of Steve's good offerings. It's futile.
"Have you been touring?" Tony asks half curious.
Wanda touches the sketch lightly, the black of her nail scratching the white paper. "Do you think about him much?" She asks, voice thick with accent.
Steve looks up, smiles tiredly. "You are a good girl, Wanda."
It's a quiet affair. Only the sound of their breathing and Steve's pencil scratches over the notebook. He has filled four of those already, none of them seem good enough for him, to send to Tony though.
, hunches over himself. It's a cold morning, so cold he can see his breath in a puff right in front of him.
Steve looks at him with unwavering attention for five awfully long minutes, blue eyes impassive with something Tony can't read. "No. Is not about him anymore. I love you, I never stopped."
Steve looks at him, eyes filled with remorse. "If you think it's what you need to do,"
The first sketch shows nothing, really --just a tangle of lines. Steve doesn't even know why he starts or why he thought black over white was the best choice to go with.
, not Steve, it's better if Tony calls him Rogers even if only in his
Tony loves color. It doesn't matter though, Tony won't want to see any of this work.
It should be enough.
Wanda frowns, sits with him. "You regret it?"
So he grabs a new drawing pad and goes back to meaningless lines and drawings that will be finished but not stared at.
A Christmas morning just like this one, four years ago Steve left home.
Steve regards him with careful guarded eyes. "Because you have a lover?"
"I don't know how to start," Steve tells him sincerely. "But you should come inside,"
here. His reason for being here has moved on and yeah… he thinks it's a bit of a mistake being here and yet he can't help it.
Steve guesses is a form of saying,
Of keeping contact in a way.
"How have you been?" Steve asks and Tony has to look down and think about his answers.
Steve draws sometimes with Sam watching him close by.
"You always have one." Steve says.
"I don't," Tony pauses. "You know me be better than that,"
and of death, (a man of black hair, laying pale over a cold tile table, and a man of fair complexion talking to him about love and destruction.) he never remembers what was the difference between the two dreams once he open his eyes, though.
Steve is sitting on the floor, a lot of papers and pencils scattered around him.
Somedays he wishes he could, somedays he misses someone who understands what it is like --sometimes he just wonders if Tony is doing alright.
"Yeah, wrong address," he says thickly and turns to go,  warm fingers stop him however.
"You left," Tony has never said this out aloud but he has always wondered. "Why did you decide to fight this in your own? You left me."
There's this series of drawings he's making too, what he sees daily. What he saw once. What he can't articulate in actual words.
"It's a lot," Natasha comments, interested.
"No, Tony," Steve ends up erasing half of the work in his distraction. "Tony will look at it, just at his own time."
"Just like that?"
Steve, always-perfect Steve just answers. "I hated what we were doing to each other right at the end. You were hurting standing by my side, and Bucky needed me. It seemed simple enough back then,"
To be fair, yesterday after Tony left Steve's home, he had tought there was no hope left, no fixing it between them. He had still been saying that to himself when by midnight Steve had appeared with a dozen of roses and the best of intentions.
"It looks like Stark."
The door, cheerfully decorated with red and green ornaments, seems suspiciously non-threatening and Tony can't believe he is afraid of knocking. But he won't do it in the end.
It takes him six days to complete a sketch that makes sense. Steve's lines have finally taken a route, they are telling a story, or the beginning of one.
Steve closes the notebook and stands up, extends a hand to her.
With Scott, Steve isn't really sure, what's with Scott but he's a good man -and to Steve that's enough.
Nope.
"I should have handled it better," Steve admits pained.
"It's not enough,"
The letters were never that good. Steve has never been good at eloquence. As a soldier, he's rough -it's just how he is… but the drawings, the drawings make it easier.
"There's not much to say,"
Tony dips his head, glances at the man in front of him to commit him to memory and then he goes.
"That's unfair,"
Whatever the case, deep down Tony knows he can't pull away and break free. There's a tug inside his chest, a thread that will connect him with Steve Rogers forever. His curse.
"It doesn't matter now," Tony has learned to come to terms with it. "He was your highschool sweetheart, he had been MIA in Iraq, you found him, you wanted him. I was only in the middle of it."
Scott says, Steve's drawings are cool, so very cool, like Whoa! And 'Am I rambling and yeah, I'm shutting up now."
It's a start.
Tony feels his eyes burn, and clears his throat. "But you wanted to."
," Tony says and it's a lie. "I got the address I was looking for… wrong."
"I've seen my fair share of it," Steve answers, he is not stranger to war. "Is just what I remember of my time at the Front."
Steve snorts. "Nat is not wife material, not for me, not for anyone else. She does what she wants. Plus I can't marry anyone else, I am already married with you."
"In a rest-house,"
Steve knows him too well, too little --just the right amount to know, Tony won't ever open Steve's letters or any other paper with Steve's name on it.
"About how you think I am wasting my time."
To be totally truthful about it, he
"So?" Sam prompts. "Why do you ask my opinion, then?"
Once a soldier, always a soldier, Tony supposes.
“Tony,
“I’ll say.”
Steve’s still trying to come up with a proper response when Tony’s surgeon comes out, wearing a wide grin that’s instantly reassuring. He tells them that Tony’s fine and that he’s in the recovery room.
Steve moves back into their room. Tony is so thoroughly disgusted with the room and so adamant that they will never separate ever again that he turns the entire floor into a bowling alley. Clint’s stupid frame is still bolted to the wall so Tony buys a real Caravaggio to put in the frame. Steve nearly dies, partially because it’s
Phil starts to get up though he’s rolling his eyes, which probably means that he’s not that impressed by Tony’s defense of his relationship. “If I was going to steal Steve Rogers away from you, I would’ve done it years ago,” he says casually, as if he’s telling Tony that it’s a little rainy outside so he should take an umbrella. Tony gapes at him like a fish out of water, watching him go without even having the decency to write down the love poem he just spewed about
“Well,” he mutters. “There’s two things we have in common. Stubbornness and snark.”
“Were you in the service too?” he asks, jumping on whatever information that leads away from embarrassing memories that she gives him.
and they’d just know. They’d look and they’d know. I think they all know already, in fact there might be a bet-”
“How’s married life treating you?” Rhodey asks.
“You taking the whole orchard home?” Tony asks, genuinely concerned that they didn’t bring a big enough car.
“Good morning,” Steve says in return. He’s been up for a while already but he didn’t want to wake Tony. He had been particularly tired the night before, passing out on Steve’s shoulder without his usual bedtime sexual innuendo.
Thank God that JARVIS records nearly everything.
“Yeah, but that doesn’t mean that I think it makes any sense,” Steve replies. “You have no business meddling in Bruce’s love life.”
“I was saving this for closer to the wedding but I guess now’s the perfect time,” Tony says, going over to his night table and pulling out a thick metal band.
It had been a few months since the Loki incident and all had been calm. Calm enough for Tony to rebuild Stark Tower, with quarters for all the Avengers, without interruption.
“Then don’t let it be the last memory. Tony, come on, listen to me. Don’t do this.”
he care?
“Hey,” Steve says quietly. “I just tried to get him to eat something but he still won’t budge. Maybe you can get him to eat.”
“Why else would I be here?” he sighs out. No need for Stark to know it’s Rogers via Potts who sent him. It’s not important.
“Now you’re just lying to yourself,” Clint says lightly with his usual toothy, boyish grin. He doesn’t say anything else and Tony doesn’t fight back. He just grips his husband’s hand tighter and keeps on skating.
“You have to admit this is a little weird, Tony,” Bruce says, trying to divert Tony with his soothing tones and logic. “This isn’t something we can help you with. Just tell him how much you love him. That’s all that matters.”
Tony’s heart sinks. He knows where this is going but he stays where he is and just nods. “Go on,” he says, gently encouraging Steve to continue.
Tony glances around their empty apartment confused, scanning every corner of the room for any sign of Steve. “She was making cookies so I guess it wasn’t that bad,” Tony says just for the noise, just to distract from the devastating silence that’s starting to make Tony panic a little. “Still rather kiss you.”
Tony tries to keep it cool. Natasha’s softened considerably over the years too, but not enough to not hold getting emotional over a walk to the grocery store over his head for the rest of his life.
lately.”
Natasha rather rudely pushes Tony off of Steve’s lap. He glares at her a little but doesn’t go far, standing right behind Steve and singing Happy Birthday to him at the top of his lungs when the cake is put down on the table.
“You want to see something cool?” Tony asks, raising his voice just a little too loud in the emptiness of the lab.
“Tony-”
“I’m really not. I’m always going to childish and stubborn. I’m always going to have a temper and I’m always going to be insecure. But I’m smart enough to know a good thing when I see it and Steve you are the
“Yeah, but we don’t just fight,” Tony says, finally meeting Steve’s gaze. His words are harsh and fiery and he fixes Steve with a heated look. “We tear into one another. We never stay on topic. It always gets personal. Always turns into the same fight.”
Tony scans Steve’s body, making sure he’s not hurt anywhere. His hands settle on Steve’s forearms, squeezing them reassuringly as he tries to figure out what’s wrong.
“I can’t promise that,” Steve says ruefully. “But I can promise to try not to be reckless if you promise the same.”
Steve’s pretty sure that he should be confused or weirded out or angry or something. But really he’s just amused, mostly because this is just so ridiculous but also because he’s struck by an odd urge to call the director Mama Fury.
love orange a lot.”
Because he’s definitely going to show him
Tony’s voice is slurred as his head lolls back and forth and his eyes struggle to stay focused. It’s clear that he’s so drugged he probably doesn’t even know his right from his left. It doesn’t make Steve feel any better though. Especially when his response is, “I’m Steve. I’m your….”
Because confirmation that he makes Tony feel safe and cherished and loved and perfectly
“So I asked the nurses and they said that she had died the day before,” he says and Tony’s heart breaks at how hard he’s trying to keep his voice steady. “They said it was in her sleep. Real peaceful. The funeral was this morning.”
Tony swallows and tries to make himself counter Steve but he can’t. In a way, he wants Steve to tell him that he’s terrible. But mostly, he just really loves Steve and he wishes his mother had gotten to meet him.
Natasha doesn’t say anything. She just gives him another little grin and shrugs as she continues to lace up her shoes.
Honestly, Tony isn’t surprised this happened. He’d be waiting since the moment they got together for some supervillian to try and kidnap one of them to use as bait. What he is surprised about is that it’s M.O.D.O.K because honestly he always imagined that it would be someone a little more intimidating.
“I hope so,” Tony responds, completely genuine. “I can’t help but feel like it was an outlier. But I guess I can hope.”
,” Thor says, dragging out the word dining. As if that wasn’t suspicious enough, his words are quickly followed but everyone else glaring at him.
Steve ambles over towards Tony’s workbench and lays the sketchbook out in front of him. There are a series of sketches of cogs and screws and random pieces of scrap metal. The drawings start at the top in sharp focus and slowly cascade down the page into abstraction.
“Well you still need to eat,” Steve fusses, putting the tray down. “And sleep at some point.”
Tony smirks triumphantly when he notices Steve watching and turns towards him, propping his head up and leering in his direction.
“Because you look like you’re about to collapse.” Steve’s becoming more and more agitated as he looks over Tony and Tony should’ve known better than to think he could come down clutching his side and not have anyone ask about it.
“Nah.” She sounds wistful. A smile breaks out across her face and fades away just as quickly. “It’s enough to know that he got through okay. Besides, he’s got you now.”
bowling alley now.
Steve turns back to the table from where he had been absent-mindedly gazing out the window while waiting, looking around at each of their faces before turning to Tony and saying, “I think I should be offended?”
“No more vampires,” Tony says, fingers crossed behind his back.
“Hey, c’mon, talk to me here sweetheart,” Tony tries, trying to keep his voice soothing. Steve just rubs his palms roughly across his face, wiping the tears away.
“Of course, I had to go all out for our wedding. Minimum three costume changes like Mariah Carey.”
One of Natasha’s widow’s bites flies through the air and attaches onto M.O.D.O.K’s face, overpowering him and allowing the Hulk to come smashing through and smash him into the ground. The gunmen scatter across the room. They move so fast that Tony’s chair falls over sideways and the fall pushes the knife deeper into his side but all he feels is relief as he sees Cap’s shield fly above him. Between Clint, Steve, and Thor, the gunmen and the other remaining henchmen from outside are dispatched quickly.
“That’s beside the point. The point is that this morning Steve Rogers called me to say that Tony hadn’t been home in two days and I do not have a clue where he is. The last time I actually had no idea where he was he came back to me with an arc reactor in his chest and I know that you’ve had S.H.I.E.L.D tracking him ever since the almost-dying-birthday-party fiasco so I’d appreciate it if you’d find him for me,” she said, so panicked her words rushed together.
Tony just smiles and rests his forehead against Steve’s, basking in the moment before groaning. “So, this may be a bad moment to tell you, but I requested a special song for you.”
“Director Fury!” he yelled, “The infernal Midguardian device known as a ‘toaster’ has tried to kill me!”
“Director, please,” she begged quickly before he could end the call. “I wouldn’t have called unless there weren’t any other options.”
Steve smiles at him when he notices his presence and says, “Well, it’s not what we’re used to but it’s still pretty great.” He turns his face up towards the sky and Tony follows his gaze.
Her eyes cut to Bruce. She looks at him with open affection as he tries to explain light bulbs to Thor with a paper napkin diagram and everything locks into place. Steve’s worries fall away.
“It’s alright,” Nat says, moving to match Tony’s pace. “I don’t think anyone’s going to accuse us of stealing anything.”
Tony thinks he might’ve been able to better navigate this situation if he had realized what was happening. If it had been like how it had been with Pepper, more of a gradual reveal and less like an eighteen-wheeler smacked him across the face. But he doesn’t even know when it happened. There’s no one moment he can point to and say, ‘ah yes, that is the moment I started to fall madly in love with Steve Rogers.’
Maybe that’s why he’s so worried. Maybe he’s frightened that something might happen to one of them before they can actually do something about all of this. Maybe he’s scared that he’ll never be able to take Tony out to dinner and hold all the doors open for him and pull out his chair and let Tony make fun of him for it for the entire night.
A small, amused yet slightly self-deprecating smile broke out across his face. “Don’t worry, the arrows aren’t bothering me. Or the other guy. Besides, Clint never misses, right?”
Betty apparently takes that as her cue to just move on as she says, “Okay, now down into the plank position! Just like I showed you before!”
“And then we all cleaned up and got the room ready. We had it delivered last week while you were at that conference in Shanghai!” Betty says happily, practically bouncing on the balls of her feet.
Tony lets out a bark of laughter again, only this time it’s far more bitter. “Relationships. Monogamy. Swooning and cheesy dates and flowers and chocolates and-” he pauses to take another sip, before spitting out the final word. “
“C’mon fellow dork,” Tony says, getting up and pulling on Steve’s hand in an effort to get him to follow. “Between my PhDs and your tactical knowledge, I think we can build a pretty solid sand castle. What do you say?”
the entire way for show. He figures that if Tony can make a show of hemming and hawing over Steve’s list, Steve can make a show of his “annoyance.”
Before M.O.D.O.K can respond a series of alarms go off and the screens around them come to life.  M.O.D.O.K cackles happily when the team comes into view on the screen and Tony just shrugs.
“I’m sorry that I scared you,” Steve whispers and Tony just burrows in further.
The elevator dings and the doors open to the common floor.
The way Tony looked right before he spotted his favorite director and promptly rolled his eyes. He had been smiling, actually smiling like he meant it. It wasn’t a shit eating grin, or an I’m-better-than-you-smirk, or even the leer reserved especially for schmoozing. No he was actually wearing a happy smile as he looked up into the face of none other than one Captain Steve Rogers, whose pursed lips and sparkling eyes obviously said
Yet again, all his worldly possessions are in a box. Two boxes, actually. He’s grown since he’s been here, accumulated more proof that he’s really here. He hadn’t had the heart to take his easel and his art benches. He didn’t want them there taunting Tony though either so he put them away in storage.
Steve does end up noticing, even after all the candles have been taken out and the cake is a hole-ridden mess, and he does find it pretty funny like Tony predicted. Then Tony gets to laugh again with him and it’s the best laugh he’s had all day.
Clint nods and says “Yeah, I’m good. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone.” He grabs the glass in front of him before anyone else can comment any further.
“Tony,” Steve warns, leaning down to get a good look at him. He’s cut off as Tony slaps a hand over his mouth.
“So it’s gone?” Steve sounds like he’s on the brink of tears and Tony wants to hug him but is afraid to even touch him, to dislodge something vital or cause him pain. Tony just nods and squeezes Steve’s knee as comfortingly as possible.
“Aw, c’mon Tony, it’s poetic,” Clint says. A spray of popcorn shoots out of his hand as he gestures towards the screen.
The only sign of amusement he let show as he took the poptart and plopped down into the chair was a slight twitch at the corner of his lips.
“You want me to go away big guy,” Tony says tauntingly, getting dangerously closer to Steve.
They both turn towards the screen for a moment to watch as Jack sweeps Rose up into his arms and kisses her to Celine Dion’s crooning. It’s a soft, quiet moment. The air smells like salt and butter and Thor is sniffling and murmuring something about how sweet it all is. The tension is forgotten.
Steve’s entire body goes cold and his heart skips a beat. There were many nights after they had broken up where Steve had stared at the wall, his stomach leaden, as he realized that he’d never heard Tony say those words in his life. That their year and a half together had come and gone and Tony had never said those words and he couldn’t help but wonder if that meant that it hadn’t meant anything at all.
She just smiles reassuringly at him. “Don’t be embarrassed. Every army brat’s grown up with those movies.”
“You do,” Steve says quietly, meeting Tony’s out of focus, faraway eyes.
A pleasant breeze blows through the park and Steve sneaks his arm around Tony’s waist, pressing a kiss to his temple and whispering his thanks before going back to the game. Natasha comes to observe and drops a plate of food on his knee. And while Tony knows that it’ll likely only be hours before they’ll have to deal with the fallout of what’s happening in the gazebo, he can’t help but feel perfectly content.
Tony runs his hand along the sketches gently, following the line onto the next page where there are several sketches of seals and lemurs from when Steve had last gone to the zoo. Tony looks up and sees Steve’s sleepy eyes tracing the movement of his fingers across the sketchbook and the moment is too quiet, too tender. It makes his hands itch and head feel leaden.
“Okay, seriously, I’ve been letting this go for the past week but come on now,” Tony says exasperated.
Everyone files out and Tony can feel the excitement in the group rise. It sets him at ease that they all seem happily eager and Tony starts to feel less nervous and more curious. He knows that logically, this is probably a Christmas-related surprise. But he can’t imagine what would be so big to illicit everything they’ve done.
“You don’t like Jack?” Steve asks as he perks up, coming out of his tunnel vision haze. He sounds a little Brooklyn, a little defensive.
“Don’t tell me you’re a
“Know what, Stark?” Fury grinds out, voice already edging on furious. He wasn’t paid enough for this shit.
Tony knows Steve can hear him walk up behind him even though he doesn’t say a word. He just looks over his shoulder and watches as he continues to make short, curved strokes that somehow eventually make a spindly old tree, surrounded by bats. He could watch forever and still, with all of his intellect, never be able to mimic this.
