Dean was only trying to help, and as always, he had pushed Dean away. Castiel had called Dean an ass, and told Dean his family didn't want him around, and that he didn't need Dean- he had heeled at him the things he knew would hurt most.
Cas nodded, "Yes that sounds pleasant, it would be nice to be able to understand more of your references as to the current number I understand: none."
"Yes, but I had to make sure the house was clean, and double check my homework, and pra- practice my vocab for a test."
John did love his children, despite Sam's anger with him and Dean's insecurities. He loved his children, and he loved his family- so much so that he had lost a part of himself when one of them died. What was better?
His strong jaw was tightly clenched, and he held his mug in a death grip. His eyes were thin as razors as he spat out his next sentence. His bright teeth parted to force out hot words before clashing shut.
Typically, Castiel helping Gabriel out meant Gabriel asking Castiel for help and being turned down. He'd thought about helping his older brother before, but that meant the possibility of getting caught. That was not something he was willing to risk. Instead Castiel got out his teddy bears, Stripes and Checkers, to play.
He jumped to his feet, startling the dog. Zeppie barked in surprise as he took a step back. Sam bit the inside of his cheek, looking down at Zeppie with regret. Just as quickly his eyes returned to Dean, nostrils flaring.
Anna was surely dead, she had been called such terrible names for so many years. Castiel stared off, thinking of what he should have done, what he could have done if he wasn't so selfish. He should have paid more attention to her but he was too concerned for himself.
Cas bit his lip, "Well... I believe after our first lesson I am capable of starting the car without flinching as strongly as I first did."
It seemed irrational now, to be upset by something so easily fixable. Castiel placed his books on the chair, sitting between Dean and the lanky boy. Dean raised his eyebrows at him, his neck tilting at an odd angle.
Cas’ arms spread wider, his trench coat brushing the sliver of tan skin peeking from under Dean’s checkered shirt. Cas rests his arms over Dean’s back and suddenly Dean’s feeling a lot of emotions and he’s not really sure what to do with that, doesn’t know what to do with
"Then perhaps you should treat me as your equal for once," Anna snapped, glaring at Naomi from her bed.
Well, maybe he was just showing Anna to be independent, to not require a father- to show her when people knew, no one would care for her. No one would defend her.
Commissioner. Cas thought he could be a commissioner. Not just a cop, not just a detective- no Cas thought he was above all that. Dean's smile wobbled slightly, and he cursed inwardly, it was just a present.
This chapter is a lot of dialogue- especially between Dean and Cas. Also, we get to learn a little more about Dean's life.
Not long after Castiel told Dean, he stood up from the navy blue bed, walking towards the living room door. After he had told Dean, and they had discussed this for some time, Dean had hugged him, but he had also cried so hard he shook, and Castiel had never felt guiltier.
Castiel frowned at the recent memory. Perhaps if he could find a way to change him and Dean would no longer argue. He met Anna's eyes, considering her offer.
Dean cleared his throat, rubbing the back of his neck as his eyes moved to the floor, "Uh, no Cas- that's okay. I... I think I know you too."
Dean frowned, "You know, the problem when you answer like that is it's hard to tell if you're being sarcastic or not."
Cas frowned as they continued down a different sidewalk, "How am I to differentiate from your expressions and references? I only understand the single Clint Eastwood movie and the Back to The Future movies."
to regress the information?" Cas said with a frown. "I'm glad you want to protect me or however it is you see your clandestine schemes, but this is ludicrous."
Dean had seen a lot of Castiel Novak, and he couldn't think of one moment he'd turn away no matter the darkness.
But really, truly understanding how others felt was confusing, sometimes it made his head hurt. People were too loud. They chewed and spit and talked and cried and laughed too much. Castiel liked to cover his ears when this happened but his mother insisted people would stare.
Cas realized his mistake, "Oh, this isn't to say you are not a great brother, Dean- simply that my family does not get along well."
He hadn't known what to do with them, to be honest he still didn't. Sam wasn't stupid. He knew drugs were bad.
Cas shook his head, tears running down his cheeks,"No, no no. She's never- she's never-" he stifled a sob, "sh-sh-she's never coming ba-
"Don't worry about it, Clarence." She clicked her tongue, crossing her black boots and pulling out a crinkled paper. " It's too bad I actually did it this time."
“Actually, don’t answer that. I uh- I want to say this first and I can’t say it if I pause to make sure I’m saying it right cause then I’ll end up saying a whole lot of nothing when I’m really trying to say something.”
WARNING: In this chapter there are mentions of rape, sadness, and Naomi being an all around awful person.
Of course, Dean didn't say any of this. Didn't mention a mom or his friends or anybody, because these were his friends- and just because they were in a circle did not make this group therapy. No, he would be just fine without talking about it.
Castiel's face relaxed, he didn't smile- but his eyes did, "You know, your fascination with my ass n-never fails to astound me."
"Dude, you know you've gotta sleep, right? For seven hours?" Dean said ignoring the hypocrisy in his statement.
Cas looked up from the mud to see Dean running to him, albeit biting his lip, but running nonetheless. He attempted to pull his leg up from under him, but something stopped it from moving. He couldn't move.
Castiel quietly handed his older sister a twenty dollar bill, and Anna raised an eyebrow. “Castiel, you realize I’m capable of paying for gas, correct? I’m just annoyed with Naomi because she didn’t fill it up.”
He looked up from us phone to see Cas standing beside that god awful '78 Lincoln Continental and had to hold back the urge to roll his eyes. Cas just wouldn't let that damn car go would he?
Dean looked at him, smiling fondly, "Maybe you're not an angel- you don't have to be, I know I'm not. You don't have to be an angel Cas. You don't have to be anything you don't want to be...just be you."
He nodded, morosely thinking of how his dad would probably make them leave by next year. It wasn't fair, Sam was happy here- why did he have to leave? And Dean was happy here too, even if he didn't say it.
This was the only was he could keep his mind off of Dean. If he wasn't working, he would only think of his heartbroken expression, and the guilt it caused Castiel to feel. If he threw himself into homework, his mind called him away to thoughts of Dean's dismal expression. If he cleaned the house, he knew Anna was not far away, and thought of her misery from being lied to for so many years.
Naomi and Michael hurried down the stairs, but in an orderly fashion- never displaying emotion as they hastened their pace down the steps. His brown eyes lifted to see them, nodding when he was met with expressions as equally impassive as his own. Lucifer held back, glaring at their uncle from the steps.
Castiel bit his lip, "And this man? Could you at all describe what he looked like? I know you may have not seen him but any details, however infinitesimal, would be helpful."
Not so much that they stopped, they never really stopped. They only came less often, and if he was lucky, they wouldn't always be as scary.
"The Beatles were not eminent for the seventies despite your incorrect presumption, just because they were around in the 70's and released Let It Be in the 70's does not mean that was when they began producing music."
It was the first week of September, which meant Castiel's birthday was coming up. But Castiel didn't mention it; he didn't enjoy any of the extra attention it brought. Besides, he was happy enough at school already.
"Hm," Alastair walked closer, bending down to Dean's height, coming so close to the boy that Dean could feel his breath.
The four siblings looked at each other, Lucifer and Castiel glancing at each other, blue begrudgingly meeting blue. Castiel sighed, his older brother's presence already vexing him- no matter how short it had been here. Anna and Gabriel looked at Lucifer, who was frowning at them.
His eyes shut to her voice, tear ducts overflowing with fear and agony. Castiel's voice was nothing like the strong, steady deep tone he normally held. His voice was high and sharp like a puppy being kicked over and over and over again. His mouth shook and his words with it.
He looked at his hands. His nails were chipped and uneven. His pale cuticles combined with pink tones of the flesh beneath his nail. Towards the ends of his fingers the nails became brittle, short and uneven. His nails had been picked at and plucked until they were lined with blood like lipstick lining a woman's mouth.
they were perverts? Dean felt like he would know if he was a pervert. He would know if he was a pervert, right? He was just a stupid, sexually active but hormonally repressed- well, actually if Dean lacked anything it wasn’t hormones- teenager!
What Dean was not expecting was a hand shoved in his mouth, he tried to silence his cry but the fear and pain was too much.
He stared at her, nodding, "No, they are not. But I would rather stay with them than watch them leave each other."
He felt a strange sense of tranquility upon approaching another section of the store. The long green rows were moving closer and closer towards him. Castiel breathed in deeply, attempting to ignore the strange smells for soft fragrances. Cas wanted to buy an orange; he liked the warmth it gave his hand.
It had been like that since he was eight. It was a tough responsibility, taking care of a child- but if Dad could do it, and then so could Dean. Besides, this way he could help Dad take out criminals.
Castiel frowned, tilting his head at his brother. "I do not understand how Dean can be any more of a man than he already is. Nor do I understand your implications with his clothing." His brow furrowed, "...Who is Danny Zuko?"
Dean heard the complete seriousness in Cas' voice and was about to turn and tell him he was kidding, when he saw the smirk his friend was wearing. Dean scoffed, hitting him lightly, "Bitch."
Oh, Cas had to like Batman- everybody liked Batman. Even when Charlie was teasing him, 'and you say you're not my nerdy friend' 'Says the girl who has a fake one ring' 'Well yeah, but I can't be my
Jess, Sam, and Ash left lunch for the same class, but Sam still seemed trapped in a different time zone. He was too slow. He was out of touch with his surroundings and out of reach to his friends.
Dean's face fell, remembering how the other day Cas had been more than willing to put his studies aside and help. What had happened over night that could have been so bad? Dean cleared his throat before nodding at Castiel.
"Says the boy who can't get over the fact his daddy doesn't kiss him goodnight. Sorry but I'm not intimated by the slut I see every day, and today that slut is you. I know it's just you and your little brother, where's your daddy? Working? Again? Did he leave you Dean because he'd rather be with the dead than look into your eyes when he comes home.”?
"I can concur with that statement; however, Lucifer often has the potential to become rather obsessive. He takes great joy in going against family wishes, and when his actions are questioned he remains ever imperturbable- frighteningly so. He is a very cold person."
"Dean Winchester! What a crude assumption! You should know of my 'obsolete' music tastes, as Naomi so uncouthly suggests. I am an avid listener of The Beatles, I am disheartened in our relationship to know you question my love."
"God Cas I-" he winced, shutting his eyes. "I mean ignore that last part cause you're religious but that was totally over the line and- I mean where did that come from, right?" He laughed nervously, "Talk about off topic, huh? I mean I guess it's not off topic since most relationships include that-"
How much time had he and Dean truly spent together? Castiel hated himself for being curious about Dean's father- he would never ask- but he was. From the short time he had been in Bobby Singer's presence, Cas had been able to tell the man had a great influence on Dean's life.
Gabriel Novak said a girl in his class was hit with a baseball once. She was just running around with friends when
Dean felt his eyelids scrunch shut, but not quickly enough to block out the images. Oh god what was wrong with him?! Was he
Cas raised his eyes at Dean's obvious annoyance, waving him over to their seats. As Dean walked to his regular spot the teacher rushed in, blonde hair messy as she closed the door behind her. If homeroom was hell for students, he couldn't imagine what it was for the teachers.
Another man was also in the room, a young, brunette, caucasian man, but he said nothing as the conversation began.
He did not look up. “Why go? Why- why would we go? Why go if we’re- wh- why go if we’re barely there? Why would we go?”
WARNING: Graphic depictions of bodies and/or body parts, John Winchester being an ass, and a few Dean Winchester tears.
Castiel frowned, eyeing his friend wearily as he spoke. "What exactly did you mean earlier, Sam? When you said you wanted to... get away? With Ruby?"
Anna's eyes widened, and she turned to Gabriel, gaping at the scene she had just witnessed, Castiel simply frowned at the space Lucifer had occupied moments ago, displeased with his leave of absence.
“So,” Ellen began, pouring out a beer for Dean. “You want to tell me why I’m pouring a seventeen year old a beer?”
Cas frowned as he cocked his hear, running his dialogue through his mind, before shaking his head at the group surrounding him.
In a few months he'd probably be gone, if not sooner. It really wasn't important, and readjusting to each new school for a limited time for a grade that wouldn't matter in a few weeks just wasn't worth it. Besides, he just wasn't smart, he had potential for stuff, sure. But Dean wasn't book smart, but hey street smart had to count for something.
The youngest Novak opened his locker and grabbed his books with a shaky, attempting to calm his breathing. He hurried into his classroom, his entire body now shaking. Hands touching him, a man pressed against him, someone cruelly whispering disturbing comments, unwanted lips on his skin- no, he needed to stay calm. Castiel took a breath as other students walked into the classroom, slowly finding his way to the back of the room.
"Please, if it's from you I'm sure it's great- after all, you probably studied pottery for fun as a kid or something."
Castiel frowned, tilting at the boy in front of him, looking him up and down, and debating in whether or not Sam was serious. Dean had acted in a rather arrogant manner in homeroom, but was he always like that? Was that his reputation?
That had been the joy of Christmas, presents with Sam, then inviting Cas over for presents, laughing and smiling and for once enjoying a damn Christmas! Not watery smiles and newspaper wrapped presents and wishing their dad was with them.
Tears streamed down Castiel's cheeks, Lucifer wouldn't leave him, he couldn't, they were brothers. He was just kidding, Lucifer had a twisted sense of humor he was just kidding he wouldn't leave him he wouldn't leave him- he wouldn't!
The drive was mostly quiet, Dean thinking over Castiel's actions that day as inserted a tape It wasn't that he didn't think Cas should spend time with Gabriel, he totally did. The dudes needed to be together, for god's sake their damn sister was missing. It was the way Cas was so... cheery.
How had air entered him before? Oxygen could not enter the nonexistent. He was too fleeting, he was invisible. He was a stretch of cells lived too long.
It was something very new to Dean, and yet he found he really liked it. But that was what Cas did to him, he showed him all these wonderful things Dean had never even thought about- and showed him how wonderful it was to be bold, that it was okay to be unsure.
The German shepherd had grown quite a bit since January. He was a beautiful animal. His shiny brown and black coat was short and soft like dark wheat in the farms he and Sam would run through when they visited Kansas. Zeppie was home. Cas had given them a home.
"Come with us," he said again, nodding at the door. "Come on we're going to my uncle's house, Bobby's a cool guy and I think you'd really like him."
"Hey," Ash said brightly, "You know what you'd be great for then? The 'let's turn on Dean' club. Bunch of people there don't like him, now you'd know you're not the only one who hates their friends."
Cas closed his eyes, gritting his teeth, "Amelia. She's a friend of Anna's, they're in the same nursing class, she's come over, they were in school together! That's- that's probably where she is."
"I mean, he's taking college classes and I'm in concepts. I've asked him for help on stuff so I can do better; show him I'm not so dumb after all. And sometimes he helps, and it's awesome- but other times he gets really antsy and flips out and goes all Cameron Frye on me and won't allow himself to have any fun and he'll worry about his family and won't tell me why. And I'm not stupid, I know Cas' name, and his siblings and I can guess his family is probably religious without him telling me."
, no one had the right to touch Cas that way! Fuck, if Dean ever met this guy he'd kill him- priest or not!
is not the word I would use. Privacy does not make me feel much of anything anymore if I am speaking honestly."
Cas flinched, before he recognized the scent of car oil, leather- this was okay, this was okay, Dean wouldn't hurt him.
"Hey Deano," Meg said with a nod, looking at him from her desk, her boots propped up against the desk.
Truthfully, the siblings he saw the most of was Anna, the two Novaks spent everyday together. Cas saw his sister daily, like a normal family would, and he couldn't think of a time in his life when she hadn't been there. It scared him that one day she might not be there, but it only made sense that Anna would leave him for a better friend- someone who was more open, and who was more fun to be around.
She smiled, "Things are only as difficult as you think, Castiel. Your views of yourself, the world, other people, are just routines formed in your mind. And if at any time you want to change? You have the power to do that."
Holy shit, he was joking about death the day his mom died! What the hell was wrong with him? Dean shook his head, when he was with Cas he just forgot things- for just a few minutes it seemed he could forget everything. Whether or not this was a good thing or a bad thing he wasn't sure- though it did help take the edge off his day.
She rolled her eyes, smiling. "Castiel, I'm glad you find refuge in The Beatles but you can't just use their lyrics in place of a response."
"Sam and I used to climb in that for hours, heheh, he'd uh- when he was really little, he always wanted to play cops and robbers... I used to uh- use to pretend to be a policeman, and I'd... I'd shoot him down." Dean said wistfully, his eyes glazed over with memories of the past.
Students rushed around them, heading for class as their lunch was brought to an unfortunate end. Sam and Castiel were lucky enough to have the later lunch hour. Castiel did enjoy his conversations with the younger Winchester.
. Perhaps she's at school or maybe she's just moving her stuff around. She wouldn't leave." He shook his head, whispering to himself, "She wouldn't leave." He looked up to Gabriel, giving him desperate, false answers. She was gone. A spider fondling his insides spoke the truth. He felt hot, fast scrapes against his lungs. The truth clawed him away. But fear clung to him. "She probably went to the university- or she could be with Balthazar or Raphael or Ezekiel or Rachel she could be anywh-"
"I put my thoughts on display," Castiel said, nodding. "Like an examination table, a science experiment?"
Castiel reveled in this and seemed to melt into him. Maybe Cas cared about him too? He sure looked like he cared about Dean. Of course, Cas didn't need to do much to make him feel special.
"You've completed your job, Castiel," Crowley said with a frown, "I won't ask you to come here again."
Working at Bobby's garage was tiresome, and Dean worked there often, Bobby deeming him his second in command. When on the road with John, Dean had trouble with a permanent job, constantly traveling- but as they had been here six months now, Dean had been able to work with Bobby for quite some time.
Cas smiled as he put the water dish on the ground, Zeppie looking at him happily before lowering his head to the water.
Seeing Cas outside of school had been difficult when John was around, as Dean was nervous to bring anyone around his father. Dean knew that once John saw Cas he would ask him questions, push his buttons, upset him, ask why he was taking Dean away from his job.
“Um, I’d rather not discuss my current distresses if you don’t mind,” he said, dragging his foot against the red and yellow checkered floor.
"Here, you better quit your complaining cause I got you a to go-" Jo stopped in her tracks, taking in her emotional friend.
," Jess said with a grin, stretching the word out. "It's not your fault Dean likes to be the little one now and again."
Dean raised his eyebrows, "See? That's progress again." He grinned, "And not too long ago you wouldn't even admit when you were feeling like you were having fun."
Sam sighed, "Come on, Dean. You spend all your time with the guy. If Cas isn't here you're at his house, or together in school, or at Bobby's place."
Lucifer smiled, clicking a small revolver, "Oh, I'm afraid we won't have time for any lengthy discussions, Azazel. I forgot to wait for my friend to invite me over, but, ah well- I enjoy surprises."
His hands had moved to the sides of Castiel's face. The little boy's chest rattled at the thought of losing Gabriel to the ocean. Gabriel looked him in the eye, hazel eyes focusing intently.
Anna's keys tightened in her grip as she broke into a run, keys ready to strike if necessary. Stay calm, Anna, stay calm. Hands grabbed her, slamming her against the brick wall, causing thoughts of calm to cease in a moment. She kicked her legs at any part of the man she could reach, thrusting her keys into the top of the older man's hand.
Hey everyone, sorry this was kind of late! The end of the school year's coming, and I've been really busy. Anyways, comments on this chapter would be really, really appreciated! I've been really unsure of this chapter and the previous, so I would really enjoy hearing your inputs!
"Sam, you must understand the sentiments I feel for your brother are slightly more than reverence or camaraderie," Cas said, raising an eyebrow.
He ignored the question, turning to face the chalkboard as Mrs. Pilgrim’s arm scurried across it with small white lines.
"Dean, neither of those weapons are featured here, I don't know why you would compare a cloth to a gun but nevertheless I shall indeed attack with my cold water!" He said, garbling a rag.
being forced to turn into something so despicable you become prideful over it because killing is all you know? Do you enjoy knowing that you have a child somewhere out in the world from all of your little adventures? Do you enjoy knowing he could look you in the eye one day and see nothing but a demon? All because of a bloody
Naomi said nothing, only staring at Anna with distaste, as if Anna was no more than a bug on her plate.
"My, my, my, someone's in a chipper mood this evening," Ellen said as she handed him two carefully wrapped packages.
"You know, I don't ask for a lot," John said through the phone. "Take care of your brother, that's all I ask of you. That's the only thing I've ever needed from you."
"N-No, no, no," Cas mumbled, shaking his head, they would never find her- he would never see her again, and if they did find her, she would hate him.
Cas felt his sour mood perk up ever so slightly, Dean was kidding- which was immensely confusing because Dean had only spoken the truth. Nonetheless, Cas nodded at his friend's insistence. Bobby looked at the two, raising his eyebrows before sitting back down in his armchair.
“The knives have nothing to do with it; you’re just a freak in general. They should give credit where it's due."
"Well..." He looked at the conflicted man before him with a smirk, taking his time as he made his deal, "then I guess you'll need to decide- do you want to to help me, and have Dean find out how bad you were? Or do you want to be bad now, and keep Dean in the dark about your pasts?"
Castie leaned towards him, pressing his lips against Dean’s. His soft, pink mouth was sweet and heavenly; Dean placed a hand in Cas’ dark hair, gently guiding him towards Dean. Castiel made a soft noise which Dean tried and failed to ignore, not wanting a repeat of the earlier embarrassing exchange. Dean grinned against Castiel’s mouth, chuckling as their mouths pressed against one another’s.
"Well I'm glad that you like Aliyah but you have to make changes in your everyday life if you want to see real change, Castiel."
Castiel's brow furrowed as they entered the class, "Pardon my asking, know that I have no qualms with females, but why would Mr. Turner be caught wearing such an effeminate tie? It sounds rather ludicrous, if you ask me."
Castiel frowned, looking up from his notebook, "I assure you Gabriel and Anna are not engaging in any Oedipal like liaisons."
"Because I- because, because I... I care about you," Cas said softly. "Whatever happened, I'll do my best not to let it happen again."
"Well, Cas and I were gonna go out and have a lesson or two if you don't mind Bobby," Dean said with a shrug.
Castiel said nothing, staring into his mug. He seemed stiff, shoulders bent over the countertop. He didn't even look up to insult Gabriel's lack of maturity or humorous biblical reenactment. Gabriel's smile fell from his face as he walked towards his little brother.
"Hey," Gabriel said softly, resting his elbows on the counter. "You've seemed pretty bummed all day. What's going on?"
Crowley's smirk only grew, as he stepped closer "Well, you see Cassie dear, I happen to know a few things about you."
However, now Dean seemed more unsure, biting his lip as he looked at his jeans. They weren't bad, actually, from what Sam knew- they were his best pair. Instead of a sweater he now wore a plain white t-shirt. Hm, perhaps not that- if he really did want to appear slightly dressed up.
They would never shrink in on themselves at the sight of older men. Their minds would never break and fold in on themselves in an attempt to find the truth- in an attempt to discover if they were a good person or not.
“Oh you do, you totally have the hots for some chick!” He paused, “Unless- of course, it’s a dude. Which is okay too I mean stick it wherever you two-
Lucifer sighed, "Shame that they don't, Mr. Henriksen- I have no doubt I could tell you some fascinating stories."
Anna frowned. "What she does is make them miserable. Who decided to give her authority over children anyways? She’s gone all day, the least she could do is fill up the gas when she gets home.”
Castiel nodded, “If Sam requests information about this film I shall not hesitate to defend your male bravado.”
However, this time around, Castiel did have something on his mind - he wasn’t just wasting time so he wouldn’t have to eat.
His eyes were greeted with many cars, some with open hoods or unattached wheels sitting by their sides- others appeared ready to sell, smelling of cleaner and ready to be driven. There was one black car Dean was eyeing, though he said it didn't compare to his 'baby', and another car that was a dark blue with no hood.
, cut the bull shit! We both know something's bothering you- ya know I ask you one question and you close up, man, I don't mind if you're not always perfectly okay. I'm not mad at you for being uncomfortable with stuff, I'm worried! How can you not see that?"
Sorry Cas didn't tell Dean, honestly I just ran out of room. Hopefully you enjoyed the chapter nonetheless! All the kudos, comments, and bookmarks have been really appreciated- so thank you for those:) Did you guys think Lucifer was well written? Was Crowley cool? I'm sorry about Castiel by the way, I really do love him, he's y favorite character even though my writing makes it sound like I hate him. Did the Destiel reunion make you happy? Feel free to tell me, and thank you!
Dean must notice the struggle Cas is experiencing because the soft circles of Dean’s thumb against his palm slow and then stop altogether. Castiel pulls his eyes away from the TV, the curly haired woman sailing off to find her destiny. He wants to tell Dean how proud he is of them, but he isn’t sure what he’s proud of. He wishes he could put his feelings into words or song like The Beatles, like the determined princess on the screen. His blue eyes flicker to his boyfriend, his cautious expression analyzing Dean’s posture and the emotions in his eyes. Has he upset Dean, has he done something wrong?
He was to trust him, trust it was important, and trust he was right. Still, he was curious what his dad was so busy with. Nevertheless, it wasn't his job to ask- Dean's job was to watch out for Sammy, take care of his little brother.
Crowley's eyes showed no emotion as he continued to speak in an impassive tone, "I like to keep myself unattached when I leave, lust not love Lilith. What would I be if not my professional businessman self?"
Castiel detested confrontation. The wheel was clammy beneath his hands; he thought longing of his comfortable bed. Why had he let Anna talk him into leaving the house?
*Clears throat* Anyways guys I am really, really sorry this took so long- towards the end of the summer my family went through some serious difficulties and I just couldn't write for a while. Then of course I had to start my junior year not long after this happened and I have had amongst all my work the worst writers block ever. But I finally got it down! Also my cat has been rolling on my keyboard so if either of my notes look weird I do apologize.
"He's-" Dean sighed, "Man, you've got a lifetime of movies to catch up on. Yeah we've covered some movies: Joe Kidd, the Back to The Future movies, uh A Fistful of Dollars, The Jungle Book, a couple episodes of Ellen... huh, what else have we watched?"
Jess grinned, "And then my dad came downstairs, and my feet- being as graceful as they are- decided 'You know what'd be a great idea? Tripping on nothing and breaking the plate'."
“Anyways,” Dean says, wiping his eyes with the hand not currently smushed under Castiel’s arms. “I don’t want to bury my feelings anymore.”
He watched the yellow utensil roll across the table, cracked with Dean's anger. Broken, was a more appropriate word. It continued to roll away, making little sound as it fell to the carpet.
Dean sighed, waving his hand as he spoke, "Y'know, the whole- attraction thing," he said with a frown, "and- and um, the feelings and... stuff."
Bobby shrugged, "Cas doesn't want me bothering him, so I won't. Already tried talking to him, he kind of just nodded along but that boy ain't listening- he ain't listen to a word I say. So yeah, that's what I got- sorry Dean, but, isn't this kind of... your area anyways?"
Castiel shook his head scoffing at Dean's joking manner. It was a relaxing quality, and the teen seemed to have much of it- which was unorthodox enough to Castiel that he thought it endearing. That was simply Dean's way though, he was a relaxing male. He had a way of smiling at people and calming them, Castiel had seen it before.
"I only described him because you asked," Castiel said in defense. "I have no interest in providing you with any 5th hour spectacle."
She looked at him, she would say anything to calm her little brother, "Yes, Castiel? What is it? I'm here."
Castiel avoided loud voices being thrown around crowded areas, lest he turn into a raccoon as well. Castiel frowned as he continued the raccoon he was currently drawing. He didn’t think he was very good at being a human. His siblings didn’t cry at loud noises or ruin their clothes with chewing the way Castiel did. But if this was the best Castiel could after 17 years of trying to be a human?
Cas shrugged, "I have heard my brother discuss him, if that counts as being able to identify him, yes- but I have never actually watched any form of Batman, I am sorry I will not be able to quote any of those either," he said with a frown.
Cas had a problem with older guys, had a problem with a lot of guys in general, something Dean had been wondering about for a month now. Before he thought Cas just didn't like talking about sex- if he were to ever meet a guy like that, it wouldn't surprise him that such a guy would be Cas. But he'd been unsure of that since Cas met Bobby, and seemed uncomfortable, and he'd known since Jo's party something was off.
"Yeah she was here not too long ago," the woman said from behind the register, "was saying something about a ticket."
Cas opens his mouth to reply but is cut off by Dean’s pointer finger and a glare that Cas tells himself isn’t directed at him.
When Bobby reached his stop Dean did as well, turning on the gravel to look at Cas. Cas' eyes roamed across the old garage, unlike the yard the garage was filled with cars that seemed drivable, logically he knew this was where Bobby's current/finished cars resided and his blue eyes flit across the large work area, seeing what work the man had done.
"So he kept calling me, he would lie- and why would anyone ever think he was? He was our preacher, perhaps he still
! So you watch your mouth when you talk about her! Don't ever let me hear you talking about her like that again,
So long as Sarah didn’t want to be... serious it wasn’t like Dean was looking for a long time girlfriend or anything. But damn, what Dean would give to be the lock of hair around that girl’s finger. He could imagine it now. He could
'How can you lie to him? How can you try to convince him you're a good person when you're not? Why would you hurt him like that? Lead him on?'
"I don't know I mean the intake gasket could be leaking, but I change it often enough that that shouldn't be the problem and I haven't seen any oil around it- I don't know it could be a few different things, I'm probably gonna have to take retrace the electrical wiring too, just to be safe. 'Course it could be a bad sensor-"
Jessica looked around the classroom, noticing their teacher seemed fine with others getting up from their seats; she raised herself from her chair, now sitting on her light brown desk. She smiled at Sam, thank god, someone to 'talk to' in here. This class was relatively small, the checkered floor dotted with only ten or so desks, what with the class being Honors Algebra and all- and often Jess found the students in her classes were uptight and self-righteous. Sam was like a breath of fresh air to her, not that she didn't understand grades were important, she did, but she still wanted to enjoy school. She still wanted to laugh, still wanted to goof off, be immature.
Sam smiled, “You really should come down to lunch more often, you might think you’re an outcast or maybe you just don’t do well with people… but you’d be surprised how well you’d fit in with my brother and I. Uh, just saying- if you… if you do want to ever come down for lunch, there’ll be a spot for you.”
"Now hand in your papers, we've got a busy day ahead of us. I'm sure you don't need me to remind you the school year's coming to an end."
Cas always knew how to make Dean look better than he was and feel better than he should. His eyes dropped to his phone but he dismissed the idea. There was no way he was going to call him.
WARNING: Explicit rape scene! If you wish to not read the rape scene, SKIP THE SECOND LONG ITALICIZED FLASHBACK!
Garth raised his eyebrows at him, offering him another confused glance. Dean twisted his arms over his chest, foot tapping the floor as he stared at the small guy. He felt his face begin to turn red as more students walked into the classroom.
"Hey Bobby," Dean said with a grin as they walked up to him, looking at Cas with a smile before redirecting his attention to the older man.
Dean simply nodded, walking over to the car and sliding into the passenger seat, exclaiming "Shot gun!"
Gabriel frowned, "You mean you were dealing with six guys, and Crowley decided he was Tony Montana and was too big a drug lord to help you out?"
"Sure it is, that's a sign of growing comfort- you're taking a step in the right direction, that's progress."
Castiel nodded, and okay, he was allowed to hug her. Because Anna wanted this, Anna needed this. Not him, he didn't need comfort- he was strong, he was going to be okay.
"I mean, and I'm not trying to be mean- but, a month or two ago, this would have freaked you out. You've been going out more Cas, hanging out with Dean, not staying at home and spending as much time double checking your home-"
“I do not understand,” he said, pushing himself off the lockers. “What has Dean done to” he raised his fingers in quotations,” ‘create’ a ‘reputation’ for ‘himself’?”
Sam nodded, "I believe in God, really I do, but I think people have choices- and others shouldn't shove their opinions down peoples throat about how to make them."
Gabriel's eyes flickered to meet Anna's. He slowly inched closer to Anna, before losing whatever energy that had inspired him. His head slowly pulled the rest of his body against the porch swing.
“Y-yeah,” Dean stuttered, smiling uncertainly. “I uh- I guess the day’s kind of taken me by surprise.”
I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Now do you see why it took so long? This was such a long chapter! Comments would really be appreciated, what did you guys think of this chapter? Was it good? Bad? Did Cas' reaction make sense? Did you like hearing a bit of Crowley's back story? How'd you feel about Dean and Gabriel!'s conversation? Did you like Dean's angry speech/yell? Are you worried about Zeppie? Do you wish Pluto was still considered a planet? Whatever you wanna say, feel free!
"We both know what you're talking about," Cas heard Anna say. "But that is not Castiel. He belongs, he is a part of this family."
"Cas, hey, hey - we'll find her. We'll find her," Dean soothed. "Don't you worry because dammit I'm gonna find Anna, I'm gonna find her."
"So anyways, I told him he was crazy- but Dean of course, he never listens. You think if you're older than him he'll cooperate? He won't. You think a position of power will persuade him? It won't. He's pretty recalcitrant if I'm honest," Sam said with a grin. "And that is how I ended up in jail. For the first time."
Dean stared at Castiel, before speaking, "We'll find her Cas. I'll help you, I know Gabriel's going to want to help, he's probably outside anyways, we'll get Amy-"
But it isn’t blasphemy. Its Castiel and two of his favorite people in the world dancing around their kitchen on a Sunday night. Castiel wants to remind himself not to get his hopes up. A part of him fears this feeling of content, but he refuses to go down that train of thought. No, Cas decides, he would much rather spend this time with his brother and sister. The decision feels simple, lazy. He could stop and wonder why that is, what changed to ensure Castiel that he deserves this moment of joy. But he doesn’t. He doesn’t question Naomi’s whereabouts or the gummy smile opening his mouth.
He threw his hands up in the air after they crossed the street, "Why do your bands do this?! My band would never do something so inconsiderate."
Lucifer was currently looking over the gun, "Hm, yes, very nice. Azazel, we will continue this discussion shortly, there was a group of teenagers downtown who haven't yet paid for their cocaine."
So this update took a little longer than I thought it would, but for the most parts my updates have been pretty regular so I'd like to think you guys are cool with it. Chapter thingy-When it goes to Castiel waking up, I would suggest starting this song loudly http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hlw4B2Bj2og  it makes it more fun to read :) Also, I recognize the girls singing in the background are weird, but just imagine Cas and Anna are louder. Enjoy!
It was a stark contrast from other people's white houses. Cas' house was a pure, clean white and looked well cared for- not a random little apartment strung along the rest of the apartment buildings. Despite being far nicer than many of Dean's past stays- the car, dirty motels, crumbling abandoned houses- he was still ashamed of his excuse of a home.
After determining the appropriate material Castiel stood from his desk. He stepped over a large pile of white, fluffy pillows as he examined the bedroom’s infrastructure.
"Well tough, much as I love ya- you're too much fun to not be sarcastic with. Now, what's bothering you?"
"Crowley, as much as I value your company- your voice has been grating against my ears, so please, hear me when I tell you again- yes, I am."
He'd been wiping jelly from Sam's face and telling Dean to relax and be a kid since they'd been one and five. Hadn't always been easy, but hey, when was raising a kid easy? Course, their difficulties weren't from cooties and counting.
. You don't have to be ashamed of anything that happened, you don't have to hide from me or look at the floor or lie- man I- I hope one day I can measure up to you Cas. You just don't see yourself the right way, obviously you don't or you'd believe me when I tell you how awesome you are. I just- you're so... you're so
Hopefully he’d get to know later, as the bell had cut off any further attempts at making conversation. So fat he hadn’t much luck with conversation in this school, but he’d had eye contact- a lot of eye contact. Bela Talbot was only too interested, Dean didn’t know too much about Bela- only that they shared homeroom together and she had looked at him.
"Do you really want to take that risk? Do you really want to, Cas? Don't want them to find out, but" he sighed, lifting his hands in defeat, "if you want them to find out what you did to deserve that."
The bell rang, and Charlie sighed- it was these kinds of unpredictable people you had to look out for. People who said they were your friends, said they would fight beside you. It was unreliable people like this who turned to the dark side!
Cas' voice shook terribly, sobs racking his body as he ran a shaking hand across his nose. God, this was disgusting, he was disgusting.
All Dean needed to know, was how to shoot and stay fit- and how not be a dumbass. Which, when it came to street smarts- he didn't think he was too bad at it. After learning all about criminals and psychopath tendencies since he was four, Dean was pretty sure he knew how to handle himself on the job. Hell, he'd been shooting bulls eyes since he was six!
Dean put his face in his hands, breathing deeply, trying to subdue his anger. Shit, he just wanted Cas to be happy. That's all he wanted.
Dean's tired frown lightened and he smiled before speaking animatedly, "It's a tie between 'Ramble On' and 'Traveling Riverside Blues'. Great songs really, both by Led Zeppelin- I also like 'Nobody's Fault but Mine' Zeppelin again, recorded it in '75. It was a cover of a Blind Willie Johnson tune, but it's awesome. I just- Led Zeppelin, man."
Castiel noticed the sensitive subject, but did not mention the strangeness of Dean's sudden comfort with discussing them. Perhaps he was becoming more comfortable with him, Cas felt a small tug at his lips. He hoped he was correct.
"But you love me," Dean said with a grin, before turning to walk down the apartment's outdoor steps-
Cas sniffed, "N-n-no one kn-kn-knew." He wiped his eyes with a trembling hand, "a-and I-I tried to t-t-t-tell some-someone," Cas said, tears streaming down his face as he shook, "but my uncle just got m-m-
"I'd never meet a boy named Checkers, would I Checkers? But that's okay, that just means you and Stripes are different. Just like me."
Gabriel sighed, "Anna, despite your genius theories, you staring out the window will not make Cas come home any sooner."
Gabriel had rolled his eyes as he grabbed a piece of candy. Castiel frowned and titled his head at the candy. "What? This is my breakfast."
Dean laughed as they neared the porch, "Yeah, sure would- would probably keep your uncle away for a while."
He'd rather cheer Cas up anyways, he didn't want him to be sad. Cas had told Dean a story or two, and form what Dean could see, the guy was a dick. He made the whole family travel to Cas' house, and basically invited himself over, because he wanted them to spend more time with God- which seemed to just be an excuse for him ruling over their life.
Dean cautiously stepped towards him, "Hey... You don't have to be embarrassed, Cas. Meg was right, you're allowed to be uncomfortable."
"Then why must that change now? Why must you and Michael be so cruel to me, Naomi? I have done nothing wrong. The past is in the past, Naomi. You've known for three years, and yet you're still angry. You still disrespect and make life harder for me, whenever you see the chance- you won't even fill the car up because it makes my life more difficult. You ignore my opinions, you're cruel to Castiel and disregard my say, you boss me around, you speak to me like I betrayed you."
"Well, I saw Crowley staring at him yesterday- y'know how he is, creepy like, smirking. He was doing that, and if Crowley's ever off Cas knows. He'll go all on me and be weirdly protective and shit. But he seems perfectly fine. I don't know, maybe I'm worrying too much- but doesn't that seem odd to you?"
"You are not the best planner Dean. Though I appreciate this, I am confused by it- what are your plans if I may ask?"
I'm sorry it's taken me so long to update, this was just a really hard chapter to write- I put a lot of thought about how I wanted this chapter to go, and I changed the song at one point because I wanted to save a song for a later chapter. Again, sorry this took so long, thank you everyone for kudos, comments, and bookmarks! You guys rock! :)
John's searching and working turned to soon John's worrying and yelling. Yelling which led to John's drinking. Sam's glares and angry, biting words lead to screaming matches between John's work and drinking.
"Frankly I think you're full of shit," John snapped. "I think you've been talking to Sam about this, I think you need to do a better job taking care of your brother!"
And of course, he remembered how much of himself the man stole. How much he took away without any warning. He remembered when the... punishment started again, and he had dismissed human contact in exchange for razors, when things had reached their worst.
"Yes, well, while I admire your... heedful tendencies- I do not appreciate you insulting my friend," Cas said with a glare, pulling his hand back from the chair.
Dean felt something slimy forcing his throat closed as he looked at Cas. His tongue had dried with whispers of hypocrisy, a need to stay silent. Dean understood rage bubbling inside of a person, he understood the need to control one's own fire.
The first few days Castiel was hesitant to speak, saying this was a library ("Dean, we're supposed to be quiet" "Psh, quiet is boring- I'm far too entertaining for anything short of obnoxious volume") and he had to be quiet whether the bell had rung or not. Slowly but surely, Dean managed to convince Castiel to whisper now and then. Three months later, Castiel had no qualms of speaking in study hall.
"Hey, Clarence," Meg said softly from the other side of the stall, smiling, "Remember that time when you didn't want to go to the school dance?"
He nodded, Castiel held back a sigh- even he could tell this exchange was awkward. Meg attempted another uncomfortable conversation starter which failed, before they arrived at her math class.
"Yes, well..." Cas sighed, shaking his head, not in complete disagreement with the statement. "I believe I have made progress in my searchings, I have to reason to believe I have discovered a significant location. Lucifer was meeting with a man there, he had strange eyes, I perceived them to be-"
Coming home was always interesting. Castiel was there before anyone else. It made him feel like a big kid, coming home from afternoon kindergarten. He was only there from eleven to one o'clock. An entire an hour and a half before everyone else! Including father.
"And I don't need you glaring at me! Quit making me feel bad for giving a damn about you! If your family was worried you'd let 'em be! You wouldn't give them crap! Hell, you never give them crap! You let them do whatever they want!"
He took a shaky breath, Dean would know- no, no that was okay, it's okay for Dean to know, keep going keep going.
“You’re smiling. Why are you laughing at me?” Cas’ face pinched into a small, seemingly eternal frown as he spoke. “I embarrassed you. Is this why you didn’t show up to lunch?”
His brother didn't go out of his way to inflict pain on others, or kill people he didn't like. Honestly he had never directly killed anyone, they had all followed him- and been killed by what Lucifer brought to the table, and he hadn't reached out a hand to save them. Because Lucifer didn't care enough to hurt people, and he didn't care enough to save them.
Castiel knew he should simply return to his habits, and become a 'recluse' again, as Naomi had so agitatedly addressed him. Ah well, so she was disappointed in him. What did she want Cas to do?
He sighed, "Dad I... I called you, and I begged you for help, but you never responded, not once. The next day you tell me you're investigating this? Why does it only matter when you think it matters? What- am I not important enough for you to listen to? Is a kidnapped 18 year old not enough for you?"
"I know. I'm sorry, that was wrong of me to say. I just don't enjoy anyone seeing me upset- I don't like the way you've seen me. I
She stood up, looking down at her friend before walking away. Dean said nothing, stupefied by her rejection. His throated burned; what was he thinking?
Another tear slid down Dean's cheek, why did Castiel always have to suffer? Why did he have to feel so low? It wasn't his fault dammit! He didn't deserve this!
Something else was now wet against his skin. Salted misery coated his cheeks, but these were not his of his own making. Cas looked to his boyfriend, Dean was crying. Castiel now noticed the slight tremor of the hold he was in, he hadn't realized Dean was shaking as well.
"Yes it would be. In fact, if you'd like to carry your business elsewhere you can see yourself out."
Castiel sighed as he fixed his green tie in the mirror, deciding it's wearing he would appease Dean- as well as the mere fact that he enjoyed this tie.
His grin grew, "At a party! Dean they're playing 'I'm Happy Just To Dance With You' at a party! It's The Beatles."
"So your issue does not truly rest with my emotional state, rather, you believe I am upset and cannot ignore it-" he clicked his tongue, "then I am sorry Dean, that I seem to be upset and you can no longer go about your life."
Bobby whistled, and the puppy looked up, and began sprinting off, throwing Cas around. The dog bolted forward and the leash jerked in the Cas' hand, pulling Castiel down with it. Zeppie ran through a mud puddle, and Castiel stumbled with him, landing face first in a large mud puddle.
Castiel shrugged body leaning over the worn table as he carefully drew his tool along the vase he had made, never looking up from his work, "How am I to know what you draw inspiration from?"
Dean glared out at the crowd, green eyes searching for anyone he could hold guilty, "When I find out who- if that's right I'm gonna-
"Hey Cas," Dean said quietly, looking at his boyfriend. "Look I- I know you might wanna talk right now, hell I'm sure you don't. I just- I don't know I thought the company might do ya good."
"Well, yeah but," Dean blushed, rubbing his neck- something he thought was happening way too often for his comfort, "I never got you anything for your birthday."
Anna was still distracted by the rosary, glancing at the necklace. It was one of the few things Castiel had to remember his mother by, and Anna had come to expect Castiel to have it tucked away somewhere. In his pocket, his book bag, laying a top a Beatles cd- wherever Castiel was, his rosary was not far away. She had also comes to realize how often Castiel prayed, not that he hadn’t as a child.
Luckily, Balthazar and Rachel were in his class, as well Uriel. The cousins were used to Castiel's intelligence. Or so it was called. His brain was the only thing a teacher could discuss without being corrected. He and his cousins (except Rachel) had explained their name pronunciation multiple times. He had been called Casteel by his teacher ("Am I saying it right, honey?") and Castle by his classmates.
Gabe hummed, apparently pleased with his answer as he spoke in a soft voice,m"Well you seem like a good guy Dean- but don't be a dick, or I'll kill you. Trust me, I've got my mom's spirit and if there's one woman I wouldn't set on someone it's her."
"Unfortunately that is a rather futile feat Dean, from what I have gathered of society naked women are encouraged," Cas said with a shrug.
Dean nodded eagerly, knowing he'd agree to whatever Cas wanted. The warmth in his mouth had quickly spread down his body, making its presence known to him. Castiel held him close, smiling softly. Dean's eyes widened at the hug; he hurried to angle his pelvis away from his boyfriend.
or anything cause I’d rather talk to you about this kind of stuff then stow it away because we both know how well that goes, but… uh…” He sighs. “Am I making any sense right now?”
His hands rested gently on the beautiful, dark wood; he breathed in deeply. Some smells were strong and sickly, but the smell of clean wood made Castiel feel light and warm. He smiled as he pulled out paper, tape, and pencils.
She probably hated hearing everyone bitch, especially when a guy came to therapy and couldn't even do that.
"Castiel!" Anna called from downstairs. "Are you really listening to The Beatles right now? Come on, you’re gonna be late!"
“Class, we have a new student. Dean Winchester. Dean, is there anything you’d like to tell us about yourself?”
Dean and Meg laughed loudly, Sam's brother's shoulders shaking as he did so, grinning as she continued.
That's why he was punished, that's why everything he had suffered through happened. It was all his fault, because he was bad- and if he wasn't so bad, his dad wouldn't have left.
Sam rolled his eyes, "Okay, enough of Bobby's Christmas movies, I mean when it gets old and... well, doesn't work anymore, Dean."
He closed his eyes, exhaling slowly at his name. He and Dean had not spoken for three days. Tomorrow was one of the last Friday's they'd share together before Castiel left for college. Their time was fading and how did they spend it?
“Gabriel said that making out is- is a warm up? Its a warm up? It would explain why a first kiss is so important. I would not want to have sex with whoever I first kissed.”
The door closed behind him, and Azazel followed shortly, leaving Castiel alone in the room. Cas moved backwards in the clutter behind the wall so as not to be seen, and pulled out Crowley's phone from his trench coat's pocket-'his real phone was in his pant's pocket, turned off. Crowley had given him this phone to discuss deals and information, and Castiel would not dare message him, if it were not for the information being so important.
The second week of school was slightly different than the first, and yet still analogous. Castiel still overworked himself (according to Dean, who seemed worried at times), and didn't attend lunch. This went unknown by Dean, since Castiel had not told him they shared the same lunch period.
The grays and blues reminded Dean of a broken bird in a cell. Castiel was not broken. He could not be consumed by red, not Cas. Not vibrant, happy, Cas.
"Crowley," Castiel growled, Dean having gone silent. Castiel did not want to attract attention to Dean and embarrass him, but if Crowley didn't stop speaking he felt he might just have to hurt Crowley.
Agent Henriksen tries to work with Lucifer. Cas goes home. Cas speaks with Anna and Gabriel. Sam goes on a walk. Naomi isn't happy. Dean and Cas speak. Gabriel shows up.
He frowned, opening his eyes and staring at her. His brow scrunched over his blue eyes. He pulled back further in his chair and his mouth twisted to the side.
He smirked, "Castiel's tendencies did provide me amusement now and then." The smirk dropped, "however debts have been paid and while he may have been a thorn in my side at times, I admired his dexterity and I did kill a man or two for him."
Dean raised his eyebrows before frowning at Cas' affection- Meg was nice and all, he liked her- but that didn't mean he wanted to keep being blown off for her.
It's probably not considered normal that Dean categorizes his friend's expressions, but it's kind of fun to be able to note them when they appear on his face. Three months, three, and those are about the only emotions he's seen.
Sam frowned, rolling his eyes, "More than you obviously. But Dean, seriously, you gotta talk to him."
“Oh come on Sam, you’ve gotta admit- Carrie’s perfect for you. Naive twerp with the weird family who doesn’t know anything about her developing body? The chick who has to go home because she starts her period? Please, that’d totally be you.”
Lucifer liked to think he was so important, always thinking he could do whatever he wanted go wherever he wanted- and he didn't really care about much else. If other people got in the way, they would regret it. Zachariah seemed pleased to think of Lucifer as a monster and dismiss it as that, but Gabriel knew better.
It was disgusting that Castiel was such a cruel, manipulative person he had made himself poignant to them, tricked good people into thinking he was worthy of their concern. He was such a good actor, he had tricked these people into thinking he wasn't bad, or worthless, or disgusting- which he most definitely was, and now he was telling them another lie! Crowley was bad news, he had upset Dean- and here Cas was speaking with him in secret, and then coming to speak with Dean moments later!
Most of the school day was uneventful, though Cas didn't seem Sam and Jess in the halls as he usually did. Meg invited him to an upcoming party, an invitation he apologetically declined. It just wasn't the place for him.
Dean looked at Cas, rubbing his neck as he cautiously stepped into his room. The three males had driven around, called numerous times, and asked anyone they could if they knew where Anna was. She was nowhere to be found.
The skinny one laughed, digging his grubby nails into Castiel's hands- he whimpered, body shaking as another man unbuttoned his shirt, dirty fingers trailing down his cold, shaking chest. Why? Why, why did he have to listen to Crowley? Why did he have to keep his secret? Why did he have to be bad?
"Please don't- please don't make me-" he hiccuped, "please don't make me come out. Please don't. I don't-" his voice broke off, and he hiccuped, wiping his eyes, "I don't want to."
"Hopefully that guy dies before either of us does, or he'll probably burn our corpses or some shit," Dean said with a laugh.
Castile turned around, expecting Anna but finding himself face to face with the smiling girl. Now, however, the girl was frowning at the cage. She shook her head sadly at the lonely guinea pig.
Dean awkwardly looked down at the slightly bloody, folded coat, "I uh... um, I found it- in- in the hallway, back, um... back there. I'm guessing somebody uh- threw it out there or something, but it was lying in the hallway."
"Well, Dean wouldn't understand that," Jess said with a shrug, "Maybe that's why he doesn't like girls- he's never had the pleasure of being with one."
Gabriel's breath caught when he saw his little brother's tears, and Dean stepped closer to Castiel, looking at him with worry.
God he was an idiot. Cas wasn't ready for desperate declarations of emotion. Cas needed someone reliable and steady. Dean was off the rails and feelings were like balls of fire in his hands. They were uncontrollable, and Dean wanted them as far away from him as possible.
Cas has gone so long without any feeling of routine in his life that he clings to Dean. And he doesn’t want to cling to Dean. His therapist says that relationships are important, they help him grow, but they cannot be Cas’ only source of fulfillment. Castiel has to find that through himself. These thoughts jangle around his head like a clanky train running off its tracks. He tries to stay focused on the movie.
The- the man who had saved him had bought him... the dog breed that had saved him. Cas- his- his best friend- his boyfriend, god Dean never thought that word would make him so happy. Yeah, it was corny of Dean to think that- he knew it- but he didn't care!
An awkward silence settled over them as Dean nodded, clearing his throat before looking away. Cas sneezed then, and Dean smiled, glad for something to disrupt the awkward silence that was approaching.
They were brothers dammit- they were family and family takes care of one another, they don't scare the shit out of one another or make them scared to have friends or make them suffer because they could. Dean hadn't forgotten about Naomi threatening Cas if he didn't get home soon over the phone, or Cas panicking when he accidentally fell asleep at Dean's house, or Lucifer leaving Cas to be raped, or the insults Cas had whispered to Dean which Naomi had screamed at him or Anna before, or any of the shit they had done to one another.
He screwed his eyes shut, before remembering one couldn't drive with their eyes closed and slightly added more pressure into the pedal. The car slowly, slowly pulled out of the garage, onto the dirt ground. Cas inhaled sharply, surprised by his accomplishment.
He could not say anything, could not defend himself from his own simple mind. He closed his eyes again, burying his face in his hands.
Anna nodded, putting her dishes in the sink, “oh,” because sometimes Anna just didn’t know how to speak to Castiel.
He still cried and screamed as they ripped his belt off, causing his small hips to raise off the ground before rough hands slammed them back against the old, splintered wood. For once Cas wished he could see Lucifer, he wished he could see Dean, Anna, Gabriel, Zachariah, Crowley, anyone! He would give anything, anything to get out of this.
Dean's head perked slightly, before easing back onto Cas' head, sighing softly as he listened to the man sing.
things are better, makes you feel invincible, makes you work harder and put yourself through more agony."
He looked down at his bloody nails impassively, before speaking, "You know, she used to help me with this- the bleeding."
“No, I’m not jealous- it’s just… well, I’m the oldest. It’s only fair that I get to be the tallest,” Dean said, trying to make his protests sound logical and not like a grumbling child.
Sam fidgeted in his gaze, and Dean’s grin grew even more, if that was possible. “You never get defensive, unless it’s a girl!”
Dean rolled his eyes, “What is this? Marriage counseling? I don’t care Sammy. ‘Sides you don’t owe me anything, I was just wondering why you were…”
Dean gulped, looking down at the ground as he felt his father's gaze, "...He's upstairs, in our room, sir."
"If you knew it was such a bad idea, then why did you do it?" She hissed, pale skin causing her hazel eyes to become slits as she glared.
The older man rolled his eyes, he wasn't the damn queen of England, kid didn't have to wave to Bobby to get him to like 'em. He waved back halfheartedly with a laugh, feeling like a soccer mom seeing her friend. But apparently the kid took it as a good sign because he seemed less nervous as the car slowed to a stop in front of Bobby's house.
Sam rolled his eyes, pushing the school's door open, "That thing's gonna have to move to the side for someone eventually."
Cas had been like a breath of fresh air to their Christmas, filling their home with chuckles and his eye smiles- which still amazed Dean, seriously, how does someone even be that cute- anyways, he was a nice addition to their Christmas. Watching he and Sam exchange presents- neither had told the other, but of course they had both thought the other deserved a present- Dean realized he'd never had a happier Christmas.
“You take pills at the same time everyday. I walked in,” Castiel explained calmly while erasing an extra line in his sketch.
"Well... okay," Sam shrugged, stepping towards her and looking down at the hair, moving a hand past her shirt.
For whatever reason (Dean couldn’t read minds) Cas loved those kinds of things, feeling clothes and such. Naomi (a bitch, in Dean’s personal opinion) usually snapped at Cas for doing anything out of the ordinary. Which, frankly, was pretty damn inconvenient since everything Cas did was out of the ordinary. Not in a bad way of course, hell, Dean did all kinds of weird stuff.
"Then why does it bother you so much when I say this? Why are people so easy to disturb?" Lucifer said in a curious tone, "You see, my father, before he left- he was easy to disturb. He was a good man, I will admit it- and he did care for us all, that much I knew to my inner core- but the slightest events would set him off."
"Don't you wanna celebrate?" Charlie asked, "Or, maybe you don't because you're you- but you gotta at least let us do a little something for you."
Castiel continued to sob into his hands, loud, shaky, cries coming from his mouth as he hid his face. Anna moved to comfort him, but he jerked away from her touch.
Sam scoffed, knowing Dean was kidding and that Dean definitely didn't have time to kick his ass anyways. He'd been too busy helping their dad, not that Sam had been there, since Dean had insisted he go hang out with Jessica. It was the first time their dad had visited in three weeks, and Sam had been angry with Dean for keeping him away- sure he and Dean fought, but that didn't give him the right to separate them.
Dean hit a plate lying on the counter, yelling as it smashed against the floor, "Damn it! Damn it damn it damn it damn it!"
Her eyes narrowed, the quick change in emotions was a stark contrast to her normal cold personality. Castiel didn't like this, and he could tell by Gabriel's attempts to silence Naomi that he was not alone in that regard. Dean frowned at Naomi, biting his tongue to hold back his argument, he knew this was not his battle to fight.
He turned away at her prodding, facing his homeroom teacher’s desk and Meg sighed, “Hey wait! Listen Clarence, you and I used to be… sort of friends. Don’t shut me out. “
The difficult part of making a promise, was continuing to maintain the confidence you originally possessed when making it. When Castiel had promised to tell Dean- goodness, only an hour ago- he had done so out of desperation, but now he was wishing he had said nothing.
He'd always had that sick power. Able to manipulate Castiel without even being there, but then again, there were always people he could ask. Someone who could tell the man about how Castiel Novak was behaving.
Castiel broke out into a grin, jumping slightly in his excitement, "Dean! Dean! Dean, they're playing 'I'm Happy Just To Dance With You'!"
Lucifer looked down at the naked boy, who merely stared back, as he thought of all the times Gabriel had complained he never helped him play tricks, 'Come on Cassie, let's go down to the store and buy some' how many times Anna had said he need not be so shy 'Castiel, come on, I'll walk you down to the park'.
Still, Cas didn't understand why he and Dean didn't just entertain themselves within Dean's room; it wasn't as if he hadn't been over there before. Not that he was inviting himself over! It just seemed more logical to him, than Dean using up his gas and not being able to properly relax, due to his necessary focus on the road.
Cas chose that particular moment to appear by Dean's side, something that still both startled and intrigued him to this day. You'd think after four months he'd get used to it, but apparently not since it still freaked the shit out of him. The raven haired man looked at Dean and Sam as they approached Sam's locker, and walked over to see them.
It was the end of April. It was stupid of him to be wearing a coat. He would only become overheated and sweat and disgusting.
He smiled with something sour in his mouth. Damn his inability to speak about anything but cars. Or, y'know, beer or Sam.
"I will admit I do not have a license of any kind but, in the words of a professional, it..." he frowned, "sounds like you have a lot on your plate."
"Yes, I understand that- but do these viewers not realize the woman is not to be given along eight the car? The woman is merely laying against the car in order to appease to her viewers, a concept which I grasp thank you, but the only product these viewers will be able to glorify is the car, not the woman. Because never will they come into possession of her."
Castiel hadn’t been able to sleep through their father’s snores as he laid next to his mother in her bed. Their father had complained that Castiel moved around too much in bed, that the boy kept him up and ‘their bed wasn’t big enough for three people.’
"Well, yeah, but... now it's another day, Cas," Sam said with a frown. "Aren't you gonna eat with us again?"
Lisa paused at the teen's smirk. Ruby ignored it, making herself comfortable in Lisa's chair. The surrounded girls fell silent as Ruby placed her black converse on Lisa's desk.
But Dean had promised Castiel they’d hang out so he tried to ignore this morning’s argument. The ugly shouts and insults buried beneath Dean’s thick flesh. He ignored the hidden skeletons of blame and betrayal; his own body was like a graveyard.
Cas laughed, cheeks red from both happiness and the cold, "Not quite the same, but interesting nonetheless. Why were you named after you grandmother? If I may ask."
"Meg, I know you'd rather see Cas and I getting it on, but we're in school- your sick fantasies are just gonna have to wait," Dean said with a smug smile.
Gabriel said nothing as he drove, avoiding the argument, he had neither the patience nor the time to argue with his sister. Naomi sat next to him in the passenger seat, Dean and Castiel sitting in the back of Naomi's car. Michael would have joined them as well, but he had yet to return from work- something obviously more important.
he whispered, a fear turned true. "I am going to die alone. I am never going to father children. How can I be with someone,
"And you can have 'em. Kiddo you need something in your life besides school and religion- something. And this is it."
The three reached the end of the stairs and looked at the door, each wondering what this party would bring. Anna bit her lip, not voicing her fears- she knew she should encourage Cas to go, and she had- but part of her was worried. What if a stranger tried to dance with him? What if they made Cas uncomfortable?
Cas directed his attention towards Jo, his body and folded hands turning slightly to face her, "Yes?"
If there was a moment Castiel could pick to appreciate Dean Winchester, this would be it. Or perhaps when he said hi to him, or didn't mind when he only talked about the same band, or maybe it was when they followed that old man on the bike. Perhaps there were simply too many moments when Dean Winchester had enticed Castiel.
"I am assuming that is a reference, but, unfortunately, it is not one I understand." Cas said with a frown, resting his face in his palm.
"I don't mean to be any trouble, in fact if it is I could leave," Cas said quickly, guilt already rising at the thought of bothering the older man.
, saved Sam before Striga could get him- and Dean, who had a gun himself and had been ready to shoot the guy- got a bunch of crap from his old man.
Cas shrugged, "My thera- my friend, said it's healthy to take time for yourself, not hedonist- rest assured Dean, I do not believe you are pursuing attention or pleasure from bespeaking to me of your experiences."
He knew it was silly, but that made it all worth it. After all, how many times had his band gotten him through the day? That sounded sophomoric as well, but it was the truth- all Cas had to do was press a button and they were there for him.
Sam looked down at Zeppie, shrugging, "Dean's looked at guys, sure, maybe even hooked up with some, but dating? Please."
The present Castiel was anything but amused. The sun was too bright, cursed warm days, and the idea of leaving his bed grated against his mind each time Anna spoke. If Castiel wanted to spend his Friday night sleeping then he would do so.
Castiel shook his head, and Dean nodded. “Kay, if Sammy ever asks anything about that- I never said that, okay? I’ll never hear the end of watching that girly movie, ‘sides it wasn’t my fault, Jo made me watch it.”
Crowley bit his lip,"As I said, I keep my deals- I have loyalties, this is why I separated myself from Lucifer in the first place. That's why we're different, Lucifer cares about you- I know he does- but whatever the reason, personally I think it was too many shots and snorts of too many illegal substances, he's never around. Don't you see, Castiel? He's jealous of you, that's why he never fared well if you ask me, a damn baby hiding behind Satan's name."
Dean laughed and gave him a bathrobe, as Castiel had not yet turned on the water. The younger teenager ran a very small, soft, white towel under warm water with a bar of light green soap. Castiel poked his extremely messy head out of the shower curtain, he looked so small and cute- his hair curled around the edges and sticking up messily in a rather tempting way.
"Sorry sorry I'll stop making comments. Do your stuff." She bit her lip, closing her eyes. "Butpleasebegentle."
He looked up at Dean, sad, dull, defeated bruised blue eyes meeting concerned green. Dean looked at him hopelessly, he couldn't understand how someone could make Cas suffer this way.
Kissing alone was fine with him, as long as it was not too rough. The man had never kissed him, which Castiel was immensely grateful for.
"He raises a fair point, why is this important to our species? And if it is, why are we not informed of it by more notorious manners- that is not bad a suggestion Dean that sounds lovely. I myself would prefer an orchestra would break out into 'Hallelujah Chorus' in order to fit the mode, or perhaps 'Get Back' this way I would do exactly what The Beatles requested and 'get back to where I once belong'."
Still, things were better. Castiel began looking forward to his first class of the day, and homeroom, as well as his fifth hour of the day, study hall. Castiel was already such a hardworking student, and had been so involved in his studies neither had realized they shared a class, which both seniors found immensely amusing.
“Now everyone, please pay attention. This will be proving to be important later in the week,” the teacher said in his boring, monotone voice.
Castiel's breaths shook on the way out of his chest. His eyes were closed. At that moment, bent in half, his eyes scrunched shut, and a hand pressed to his face, Castiel was
An hour later Sam came home from Jessica's, to find Dean frustratedly running his hands over his face at the kitchen table, angrily talking to himself as he laid out numerous phones and numbers. Sam looked not far from his brother and saw the shattered glass bowl on the floor.
He scoffed, frowning at the blonde, "I run a drug dealership sweetheart, don't you think I've seen what temptation does to people?"
Dean shrugged, "Look, Cas, I know you got a steaming pile on your plate. There’s no need for apologies."
Castiel eyes widened, he hadn't recognized his face in the dimly lit room, but now closer he could see, it was Crowley's man.
"Why do I think you will not revel in my answers? They are unpleasant by nature as they are troubles consuming my plate."
"I'm just- So. Tired. I wanted this to stop, I wanted it all to stop. I tried to make it stop, actually. I stayed up until the morning and I studied through lunch and I always tried to clean the house and if I wasn't cleaning or studying I was praying, but nothing made me better."
Whatever the hell your sister supposedly did isn't Cas' fault, and I'm not gonna stand here any longer and have you give him shit because he's one of the few people in your family who has a soul! You don't have the right to treat your brothers and sister the way you do, and certainly not Cas! Now maybe I'm a..."
"Just because you're a year older than me doesn't make me a pipsqueak. You act more my age than I do," said Anna as she helped him open the small opening in the ceiling, gesturing for Castiel to come up.
He didn't know when John would be back, but as he walked up the stairs to his apartment he smiled, knowing he could relax for now. Oh, and today was his birthday, so Sam would probably annoy him with something. But, oh well, he'd endure it for Sam's sake. Dean wouldn't think about his dad today, he wouldn't allow him to upset him this time.
Logically, Cas knew the drive to Dean's house was only 15 minutes; it seemed to last for hours. Apologies and emotional declarations crackled in his mouth like the blueberry pop rocks under Gabriel's bed.
It was the old dream: him and dad smiling together. The oldest Winchesters hunting and bringing home grub for Sam.
His jaw tightened as he spoke, his eyes watching something Jo couldn't see. "He's a detective and he doesn't want us to get hurt, I know that. He's protecting us. I just hate to see Sam have to leave his friends, the people he loves. Sam's crazy about Jessica, he's always babbling about her and he and dad got in some kind of fight and now he seems scared to bring her up."
Dean sighed, "Damn it man, do you want to hang out in my car after school? I gotta drop Sammy off at a friend's house anyways. Besides, we've been hanging out for like, four weeks now, and we haven't done anything outside of school. That, and it's your birthday, we gotta do something."
"Thank you. Unfortunately Gabriel is not often around; he is typically working at 'The Gods', a rather pretentious title for a business if you ask me. Therefore he, like Naomi, is usually out of the house."
Dean's eyes darted over to the dark haired teen before returning to the road, "You ever think about lessons?"
Cas beamed, his blue eyes shining brightly as he spoke, "Sam and I have been arranging everything the last three days! Obviously, those at the table wanted to contribute so they helped pay for him to have a few shots, and Sam paid for hi supplies, and Anna helped me pay for the puppy!"
John found him looking over facts a few nights later, after which Bobby told the eldest Winchester he'd found something that didn't fit with the case. Most would have told Bobby to let the authorities handle it, but John wasn't most. And he knew how it felt to need to have justice for your late wife, his own wife having been killed in a fire by a gang.
"Well no need to feel ashamed here kid, I got a dead mom and a who the hell knows where dad. I won't judge, much as I love myself a good Hallmark movie I have no desire to reenact any."
Dean smiled softly, looking at Cas as he followed after Naomi, he was such a good guy. The Winchester knew that if he was in this situation, he could never put up with Naomi. Dean knew most of it was due to Cas' fear to stand up, but it was also that at the end of the day Cas really loved his family.
“But uh, heh, I’m realizing that maybe burying the hatchet isn’t the best way to move on after all,” Dean says.
The smile disappeared, "I just hope things between he and Cas will be alright, he was really shaken up y'know. Cas. I'd never seen him so scared."
One day the brothers watched a video of a professional surfer- one of Gabriel's favorite athletes. He knew the surfer's age, his signature moves, the number of children in his family- Gabriel knew everything about him. The man's children were in every video, cheering their father on. They cheered for him now as he stood atop a mountain of brown stone.
"Damnit, Sam," Dean said guiltily, running a hand over his face, "I just yelled at him! Cas said he didn't need my help- he left and anything could have happened to him! I just-" he sighed, "I gotta get him back. I just... I don't know I have this feeling that something's wrong."
He shrugged, “There isn’t accust- a customary way to ask permission to sit in my chair with your hand. But no, I do not mind.”
He thought of Dean's endearing qualities not to prove his feelings but because the thought of Dean filled him with happiness. But that same happiness had the power to twist in his abdomen. Dean made him vulnerable like nothing else and it scared Castiel more than he cared to admit.
Comfort was not something Castiel was used to, nor was he acquainted with easy relationships- and for this he was especially grateful for Dean. If only had enrolled in Spanish 3, then perhaps Castiel's classes would not be so tantalizing. Unfortunately, Dean had not, and Castiel was forced to endure the presence of the effervescent youth currently surrounding him.
! I-I don't know! But I sure as Hell didn't mean that!" He started to laugh at the strangeness of this conversation, "Cas, you- you know there are two means of
Castiel looked at their tangle of limbs and the game they were both currently slipping on, and he laughed. Anna looked at him in surprise before she began to laugh once more, the two siblings laughing as they attempted to get up- slipping each time they did. And this is how Gabriel found the two youngest Novak’s, collapsed on the floor and laughing.
His throat was sputtering, heart beating intensely as it tried to pump and help the rest of his body. His head felt dizzy, as if the smoke had coated his lungs and covered his eyes with it's blackness. The taste of death lingered on his lips, as he had unknowingly inhaled the heat that was killing his mother.
Gabriel had been flickering in and out of view throughout the day. It started with a dirty dish here, a ridiculous laugh there but Gabriel's "curious spirit" had ended that charade. Whatever attempts he'd made for subtlety had sincerely failed.
He shrugged, looking at the shorter boy, "Whatever. So, what about Thursdays? Or are those awful too?"
Dean's smile grew as he saw his frowning boyfriend's screen showed a practically naked woman lying across an ugly tan car similar to the one at Bobby's. He would have been concerned, if it wasn't for the expression on Cas' face.
Gabriel smiled at his brother's response. Typically Castiel's answers were short and abrupt. He  ignored that Castiel had apologized when Gabe had only been making a joke. Castiel was talking to him, and not only was he talking, he was talking about himself. And something he cared about.
Dean rolled his eyes, putting a leash on the puppy before standing up, walking into the kitchen with the dog,"I
Crowley smirked, "You learned about me? I'm touched. Well, this is embarrassing. Here you know all about me, and I know so little about you."
"You've had too much customary," Dean said around is food, he swallowed before speaking again. "This is your act of abnormally."
A happy voice pulled Dean out of his misery. Victor waved from down the hallway. His brown boots pressed against the school’s ugly paint, his back resting between the cafeteria door and the wall.
Cas nodded, laughing softly, if a little nervously, "Yes, we... I probably should have been more prepared for today."
Dean raised his eyebrows, laughing as he walked over to the small, old, weak kitchen counter, where Cas sat on an easily breakable stool, "What are you doing?"
"Crowley, I think you'll find Lucifer's offer to be quite tempting," Lilith said with a small smile.
"Or so you say. Look, I like hanging out with you Cas- and I'm sure Anna does too, you worry too much. M'Sure she just had a bad day, maybe what she really needs is to know she can talk to someone. If she seems bitchy, she's probably gonna be. So wait 'til she's not and then subtly tell her she can talk to you."
Sam took the new information in for a moment, before nodding, "Good for you, Dean. I'm proud of you."
Flashbacks. Gabriel takes a serious stand against Naomi. Crowley deals with Lilith. More flashbacks. Dean and Cas talk. Dean, Cas, and Gabriel go for a drive.
"I miss you," he exhaled, the truth draining him of any remaining fear. "I know it's only been a few days and this is probably more than you want to hear right now but I miss you."
I've made numerous mental notes, and this is an edit so I STILL didn't remember at first! But I would like to thank everyone for all the comments, kudos, and bookmarks! Over 70 kudos, 170 comments, and 10 bookmarks- seriously, thank you everyone. This is my first fic and I really appreciate all the support.
"Bad is a description, not a person themselves," she said kindly. "Who tried to write you off in a single word, Castiel?"
, I understand you're not married. Don't even worry about it. What you, your husband, your guys' family? They'll all be
Dean nodded, "Well I was asking about you and since we're both being stubborn sons of bitches it doesn't seem we'll be getting anywhere."
The water was clear and limitless. The ocean stretched past the cracked screen of the Novak's boxy, gray computer. They were entranced as men slipped onto their boards as if it were an extension of them. The surfers glided over the water and rose to the top of large, powerful waves. Castiel gasped as the waves grew, holding his brother's hand.
Cas' frown deepened ever more- if that was possible- his eyebrows drawing closer together as he said, "What's so funny?"
In terms of pacing Dean and Castiel’s relationship, I do realize they have not had sex. I am not planning for them to have sex. Given everything Castile has gone through, Dean’s homophobic father, and Castiel’s crazy family, sex wasn’t a priority of mine when writing this fic. I also began this fic when I was 14 or 15 when I had a very negative relationship with sex and my sexuality.
Everything was fast. He'd moved, he'd begun shaking, Gabriel was outside, Dean was worried, Anna was gone. Anna was gone. Anna was gone. She was gone. Oh god she'd left. Oh god oh god oh god she'd left what was he going to do?! What was he going to do what was he going to do what was he going to do?! She was gone!
"Simple, you made a point of your brothers having power- I could have confronted you before, but I would rather not deal with them. So I thought to myself 'Self, if Cas is using his brothers as protection? Why not... turn Cas against his brothers?' And then I thought to myself again, 'Self, you should have Cas steal from his brothers... turn the parties against one another'."
Getting to know him, hearing him shout and cry and laugh and joke and scream and be an awesome person and I don't regret a damn
Dean noticed he and Cas were still hugging, but didn't want to pull away. He was still shaking, and this awkward realization only made things worse. Cas seemed to sense his discomfort because he turned to him, raising his eyebrows.
"You don't know. Let me explain. When you have those thoughts, remember they are just thoughts. They are not rules you have to bend to or lessons you must learn, they are only thoughts."
to do? I am not prepared for such an emotional commitment, nor could I reciprocate Dean's sentiments at the time being."
Castiel had made himself as small as possible, silently clutching his book bag as he waited by the door. He nodded, opening the door for Anna. She smiled, “Such a gentleman.” He nodded, and closed the door behind them.
Thanks for reading everyone! Sam's encounter with his teacher was actually based off of a real encounter I had with my own teacher, hard to believe I know lol. Let me know what you guys think- how do you feel about Dean's behavior, Cas' therapist? Thanks for reading!
From what Dean had heard, Michael was like a second dad to the kids- working all day and, being the oldest, making a bunch of rules. Of course, from what Dean had seen, everyone in that house was constantly working- or studying and doing homework. He'd never seen Lucifer, but from what he heard- the guy was kind of a difficult brat. Not that Cas had said that.
The brown eyed Novak walked back to Castiel, raising the brush as he sighed, getting on his knees. She ran the wet brush through his atrocious hair, working through his nearly always messy bed head. She apologized as she worked through a kink of dark hairs that had decided to stick up.
and maybe Dean needs to take his word for it. Maybe he needs to stop berating himself and just listen to Cas and listen to himself. Because-
Dean laughed, "So that's how this relationship is huh? I annoy you?" Dean said with a grin, careful not to say Cas was an old man and he a child.
Sam had seen people die, had helped his family stop murders, had fought against infections planned by psychopaths- and he had never felt as powerless then as he did when he saw Dean. Sam had no idea what to say to him, and so everything went unsaid. As it always did between Winchesters, and no matter how old Sam grew- he had never understood why it happened.
Castiel nodded, concern tangling between his ribs as their conversation continued to the brunette. His blue rested on the tall boy, feeling as if Sam was under scratched glass. He seemed contained, held back and shaken.
Castiel sat up, hand still resting on his cheek. "I hate when you're angry with me and when we fight. I want always for you to be young at heart. I love when you're happy and I am sorry we have made one another
Dean thought of all the times he’d made fun of Sam’s oily, red nose, and in that moment he knew there was a hell- and he was in it.
Crowley faked a shiver, "Oooh, is it cold in here or is it just you? Look mate, I just wanted to speak with you."
Like, the dude had a fresh set of skates and he looked like a swan when he moved kind of good. Off the ice Cas had a certain... well, he was clumsy. When they were in middle school, and Gordon thought he was some kind of genius, he called him ‘Cas the Klutz.’ It was stupid and simple, but it had bothered Cas.
"I am sorry I am not a chatterbox," Castiel said dismissively. "It is not my fault I am dating someone who believes I need therapy."
The girl circled the pair, sharp eyes displaying a cruel sense of pleasure at having found them, "One aspect of yours I always admired Crowley, you're strictly business."
He had been so honest with her, more honest than he'd ever been with anyone. More than honest than he'd been with Anna or Dean. And she was a complete stranger.
She rested a cool hand over his, speaking honestly. "I know that feeling, Castiel. When I found out that I- that I wasn't... a part of this family, it forced me to realize how badly I need everyone. You, Gabriel, Naomi- everyone is a part of my family, more so than I'll ever be a part of theirs. But it doesn't make you
He wrote the thought on a scrap of paper to (hopefully) tell Cas later. He smiled as he watched his brother scratch the dog's head. Sam had been having some heavy dreams lately. Not that they had discussed it very much, but his cries and thrashing said enough.
