mix narcotics and alcohol. Given your history, as well as recent events, if you do this again, I can
A whine spills out of Tony’s throat, and the man makes a noise that Tony’s too sleepy to decipher. He’s too tired to care what hot guy thinks of him, so he clumsily slumps back down onto the floor, eyes closed. Sounds drift in and out that he’s aware enough to hear, but he can’t make out what they are. Then his shoulders are shaken relentlessly before they’re let go.
a bloody idiot,” Peggy immediately says, surprising him. “I’m still your
news to him.
Steve stared at him a moment, Bucky was always like a puzzle to Steve: something to be pieced together and to figure out. He had been ever since they were kids.
“Hi,” greets Anthony shyly, his hands at his sides, squeezing his pajama pants tightly. He stares up at his hero, awestruck that
Since returning home for Christmas, which turned out to be laughably fucking
As for Steve, he wrote only one letter, and he would much rather not write another one like it. Though Bucky was a trouble-shooting sniper and a member of the Howling Commandos, he was also Sergeant Barnes, and Steve is Captain Rogers: his superior officer. Even though he had offers from others to take over the horrible privilege of writing Bucky’s family about his death, Steve refused them all.
“Uh,” Tony says intelligently, sweat breaking out along his forehead. He lifts his right hand - with the finger monitor attached - to wipe it away.
“I really need to get out more,” mutters Tony, and Rhodey laughs beside him.
He can’t help but wonder what this dusty pane of glass had once been: the Virgin Mary, Jesus, a Saint, or some religious figure Steve had never heard of? Regardless of who it might have been, seeing the shattered remnants at his feet steals Steve’s breath away, leaving him acutely aware of the sharp pain in his chest.
perfect,” he tacks on, the bare wrist staring at him like he’s a cosmic joke.
A smile that’s better than the last one appears on Cap’s face and it just makes Anthony’s heart dance harder. “Well, then they
She takes a deep breath, and Steve waits. The beat of silence stretches, and Steve wonders if the connection was lost.
“I’m just sorry.”
At the thought, he can’t help but huff a laugh. According to his Catholic upbringing, bad men who lied and sinned went to Hell and were punished, while good men who didn’t do either went to Heaven and got to be with their loved ones again. But men who enjoyed the company of other men, automatically sinned and went to Hell no matter what they did to redeem themselves.
He does the one thing he can think of: he radios in. He panics for a minute, thinking that the radio is broken and that he really would be alone in this moment, where companionship matters most. Thankfully, it still works, and he manages to get the frequency right, calling out to his team for help. Relief floods him when he recognizes the voice on the other line as Morita answering his call.
A giant, dark wood hutch stands against the far wall ahead of him, cluttered with framed photos, a few awards, and some medals resting on its three shelves. A couple steps away from the hutch is a glass display case that’s taller than him filled with bright comic books. But it’s the space separating the two pieces that captures Anthony’s attention, causing his jaw to drop.
“Ah,” the doctor says cheerfully. “That would explain it.”
He doesn’t know how he will do it, and living in the uncertainty of it is...exhausting.
“You know it doesn’t bother me, right?” Bucky asked, softness gracing his face for the first time in what felt like forever since Steve found him in Zola’s lab. There was a gentleness in Bucky’s light blue eyes, and a small smile was on his lips.
Besides, Steve counts himself lucky he hasn’t found them in this hell.
“It’s not forever, my love,” she assures, her hand squeezing his, the bracelets on her wrist clacking together. “One day, everyone will know how special he was. But until then, we have to keep protecting people, like Steve wanted. Now, can you keep that a secret?”
Stay with me
him like a child instead of the heir to your company, you would know
“So what’s the problem, Steve?” Bucky asked, impatience tainted his tone. “She likes you, you like her. Why’s it so wrong for you two being Markless and being together?”
This had horrified Steve at first, especially when Bucky would drag him along on a double date. It wasn’t the fact that the dates were women--it wouldn’t matter if they were
growls the man, his command as sharp and precise as a whip.
His eyes flick to the picture in his compass. Black ones stare back at him, and he laments that the grainy newspaper-printed photograph doesn’t do those beautiful honey brown pools any justice.
Without walls to obstruct his view, Steve can clearly see the terrain of what’s left of the tiny town.
“It’s...fine.” Steve said with a forced smile. He had aimed his tone to be reassuring, but looking back, he’s sure he wasn’t successful. He felt like his skin was suffocating him, and he had wanted to claw out of it. "I'll just sleep in the barracks."
If he’s honest with himself - and Tony makes it a point of being brutally honest with himself - the mansion hasn’t felt like home since Howard and Aunt Pegs stopped talking to each other two years ago, which ended her visits to the place altogether. It hadn’t gotten better when Ana died last year. It hasn’t gotten better since Rhodey got deployed to where-the-fuck-ever, leaving Tony alone again for
eyes too, Jarvis!” he exclaims, smiling triumphantly and feeling as big as a balloon.
“She kinda reminds me of Granny McDonald and your Ma that way,” Bucky drawled on, leaning back onto his elbows and stretching out his legs as though he didn’t have a care in the world.
“Don’t make me do it again, Stark,” Rhodey pleads. Tony squeezes him tighter.
“Steve is that you, are you alright?” He hears Peggy’s dulcet voice interrupting Morita mid-sentence.
He wishes he’d been able to learn how to fly.
Steve had shaken his head at his ludicrous friend; he’d never understand Bucky. Why would you want to be with anyone else when God had Marked someone meant just for you?
It wasn’t long after their conversation that the doctor had asked Anthony’s parents into his office and Momma told him to wait out here for them.
He’s just heading back to his room when he hears voices. He scrunches his eyebrows together in confusion, recognizing them as Howard and Aunt Peggy. He turns his head towards the sound - it’s coming from Howard’s study. Fear fills Anthony at the anger in their tones - until he hears his name mentioned. Despite the fear, there is an undeniable curiosity underneath to find out
But as he got older, and he became aware of his own sexuality, the idea of a soulmate became complicated and convoluted. He constantly wonders what his soulmate will be like, and how will his soulmate be the person suited to him anyway? Will his soulmate be the man of his dreams, resulting in a future where they’d have to live in fear and hide their love because it’s a ‘sin’? Or will his soulmate be a woman, who he is sure he would love anyway, but he would still have to spend his life lying and lusting after the opposite sex? And what would happen then, if he fell in love with someone else? A man? What then?
The letters are another issue.  Despite the mission that took Bucky’s life being highly classified and need-to-know, it didn’t stop people from talking about him and the mission itself after Zola was captured. The first one came a day after Steve bunked in the Barracks, and they haven’t stopped. They arrive in droves; sometimes in Mail Call, Steve is the only one who gets anything. He got some thoughtful, simple condolences written by his fellow soldiers who had heard the news, a few that were longer, almost like reports from SSR agents, and even a very thoughtful letter from
He’s reaching for the switches of the radio when her voice comes back in. She speaks and there are tears laced in her voice.
Steve’s heart stutters in his chest. It’s almost like Mrs. Barnes is right in front of him, scolding him: her dark hair pinned back, ice blue eyes blazing and pointing at him with a stern, white coated finger from the flour she was using to bake.
to have.
Anthony furrows his brow in confusion. What do soulmates have to do with Captain America?
“It wasn’t your fault,” Peggy says, cutting right to the chase, her voice gentle.
Steve exhales shakily. Resignation settles into his bones, and he stands up from the rubble, hands clenched into fists at his sides.
“No ma’am,” he’d reply, making his eyes as wide as they could go so that she’d have pity on him and leave him be. (She often did too when he gave her that wide-eyed look.)
“This was the one place they could go to for some relief from this hell--to escape from the horror that was in their lives. Now it’s gone.” Steve closes his eyes, obstructing his view of the destruction. “They have nothing now.”
“Your metabolism burns four times faster than the average person,” she says, playing along. As she talks, she pulls a chair like his off the dusty ground and huffs with the effort. She sets it right at the table before sitting beside him. “He thought that could be one of the side effects.”
“Then stop
Every time he closes his eyes to try and sleep, he hears the train chugging on the tracks, he can feel the wind rushing past his face, and the sound of Bucky’s scream bouncing back at him off the Alps. Steve, for the life of him, never wants to see a train again as long as he lives. Just the thought of it leaves him feeling cold and brittle inside. He’s tired--exhausted, really, and wants nothing more than to mourn in peace and be left alone.
“What?” Howard asks, blinking and swallowing rapidly.
There’s a pressure on Anthony’s tummy that makes him snap his eyes open.
The dreams are the other problem.
“It can’t be,” Howard denies angrily, shaking his head. “My kid couldn’t have - ”
“So,” Anthony starts, thinking about it, “that means one day I
be miserable waiting around for someone who might not come, when we could be happy together
Huge, huge HUGE thanks to
Sometimes, underneath his army-issued band, the pale bare skin of his wrist itches.
exactly they’re saying about him. It eventually shoves the fear aside, taking over completely.
“It will explode inside your body,” Aunt Pegs answers candidly.
He designs weapons, he drinks, he fucks, he fixes up classic cars in rare moments of peace, and he doesn’t sleep.
There’s
“Do you have any recollection of being resuscitated?” she asks.
Ever since that first visit to their church in Brooklyn, Steve drew everything he saw inside there, trying hard to recreate what he had seen in those windows. When he felt good enough to go out, he would escape to the church and fill scraps of paper with studies of the saints and the rafters. Even when he wasn’t feeling his best, he and Bucky would still sneak off so Steve could sketch the inside, sometimes staying so late into the night that Steve couldn’t see the Virgin’s delicate features anymore.
The white ‘A’, the colors of the uniform -  the large round shield strapped to the man’s left arm.
It’s so warm and toasty, like slipping into a bath that’s the perfect temperature; he can feel the air dancing along his skin and he just feels so
Cap’s blue eyes widen incredulously and he blinks in surprise. “H-Howard?” he asks, his voice gravelly like he’s got a frog in his throat.
“Jarvis, what’s a Mark?” asks Anthony curious, hoping Jarvis will give him a serious answer.
no problem!” Steve whispered indignantly, gripping the stick he’d been whittling and his pocketknife so tight, he was seconds away from snapping both in half. “Okay? There’s none! I’m just not attracted to her, and you’re making it out like we’re
He is the best Steve’s ever known. Was.
There are soldiers all around him, which Steve is already used to and doesn’t have a problem with normally. They’re all nice men, but that’s part of the problem. They tiptoe around him, and treat him like he’s made of glass. No soldier’s ever treated him like something that could shatter; not even when he was ninety pounds soaking wet and had a list of health issues as long as his skinny arm while doing his stint in Basic. Under normal circumstances, Steve would have been furious, but nowadays he can’t find the energy to care. Sure, they leave him alone when they see him coming, but Steve knows by now when he’s interrupted a conversation about himself. His superiors are all respectful, but whenever he sees them, they practically tsk at him in sympathy. At least in their flat, Bucky had known when to leave Steve alone to sulk and when to kick him in the head to get him up.
“You have me,” Rhodey replies gently. “You have Stane. You can always call your aunt, Tones, reach out for yourself. And you have your soulmate - your Swatch - ”
What had captivated Steve the most that first Mass were the windows.
“Yeah. Yeah.” Steve nodded his head jerkily, his throat dry as he tried repeatedly to swallow and gather words.
But this--
He slowly moves his head across the pillow. At the end of the trail, he finds Momma dressed in a light blue pantsuit sitting on a chair beside him. Standing directly behind her is Howard in a light brown suit.
“Yes,” Jarvis says with a cheerfulness Anthony doesn’t understand.
“A soulmate is a person that God made just for you,” Sarah had explained gently.
“Mrs. Winifred Barnes?” Peggy’s voice croaks.
“What’s that mean?” Anthony asks.
He looks up and sees the destruction of the city all around him.
His heart clenches painfully at the memory.
These days he doesn’t mind, and it wouldn’t offend anyone here even if he did go out without a band on.
There’s a giant silence in the hospital room that feels big and important, and Anthony doesn’t understand why.
sounds
know that, whoever they are, they will be perfect for him.
this woman, are the closest he’s ever had to soulmates. And he’s grateful to them both.
It’s only when Steve’s standing in the middle of the smoking and shattered remains of the church with the acrid smell of charred wood and human flesh in his nose, that the thought occurs to him: he’d never been very religious.
can we have my party?”
“You okay?” Bucky asks quietly.
cannot go another second without hearing the sound of his own voice and
never told him that story, and I know you haven’t either. You haven't spoken to Dugan, or Morita, or anyone in
. They would have been pleased with him; they wouldn’t have been able to help their bragging about him and would take every chance they got to embarrass him when he would return home on leave.
“Whassa soulmate?” Steve interrupted to ask.
chance of happiness with her, or with any other dame you come across, please promise me you’ll take it. You’ll try.”
“I know,” the guy -
“If there are, they’ve left it all behind already,” Bucky replies, confirming Steve’s suspicions.
“ ‘Saint Joan of Soulmates’,” Granny Elizabeth said reverently. Then she made the sign of the cross as a display of respect over the rosary Steve knew she kept around her neck.
Steve wants to laugh at that. The fallen are more than a uniform.
“Steve told me.”
than with the same-sex thing,” says Mr. Righteous, anger coloring his tone. Call Tony drunk - oh wait, he is - but he actually believes him.
He doesn’t hide anything from her as he looks at her head-on. He’s sure he looks like hell: eyes red and puffy, his demeanor withdrawn and introspective as he sits loose-limbed in his chair. He can’t find it in himself to care.
He can’t help himself. Anthony grins at Cap and reaches out for it - then Howard’s angry face flashes through his brain, there and gone again. The smile drops from his face and he pulls his hand away quickly.
what that meant - ”
get a Mark!” He beams, excitement flooding him.
Tony frowns, the words floating around in his brain. He’s distantly aware of the Good Samaritan’s hand still on his shoulder. “If yer lookin’ for a BJ or som’thing, you’ll have to wait,” Tony tells him flatly as he wipes his mouth on his shirtsleeve.
Peggy’s eyebrows were drawn together, her eyes soft with regret. “There is nothing left of the building.”
As Anthony kicks his legs idly, he reflects on the conversation he had with the doctor before his parents had gone in.
at least, work the way they’re supposed to. He stands carefully, rising up until he’s standing straight. He lifts his eyes above the floor.
Anthony juts his lips out in a pout, and pushes his tears down, determined not to cry - because
A sharp pain stabs Tony just above his eye that makes him groan loudly. He leans his forehead against the cool porcelain of the toilet. “Gimme a minute an’ I’ll let you know how that goes.”
“Why did you look so surprised then?” Steve asked, brow furrowed in confusion.
There’s a bright blue balloon on a string in his field of vision.
Jarvis looks up and blinks in confusion before following the line of Anthony’s pointed finger.
he reminds himself with a decisive nod.
He turns his hand over and squeezes her fingers.
The background is a dark, muddy brown color that reminds Anthony of the few rainy days he’s seen in Malibu. The flowers are big and a dark yellow, greenish color with thick curly branches, and sharp-looking thorns. There’s a seam right in front of Anthony’s face where the pattern doesn’t match up at all: it looks like one of the flowers is split in half, the one on the left much lower than the half on the right.
“Peggy!” Steve exclaims in surprise. “Peggy, Schmidt’s dead!”
“Soulmate?” Anthony asks, brushing his thumb tentatively against the patch of color, expecting it to come off like paint - but it stays exactly where it is.
“I’m fine, Aunt Pegs!” he quickly reassures her. “I - ” A sharper pain hits him in his tummy, and he doubles over, clutching his stomach as he releases a grunt.
Guiltily, he had gently touched the golden band around her wrist, and briefly wondered what it was like to watch a bright Mark turn gray.
“Tony,” Anthony whispers back, clutching Cap’s uniform tightly in a fist.
Now it’s all gone.
Tony blinks, the hug feels...almost foreign to him.
“Anything,” she replies instantly.
He has never wanted a bland, perfect person as a soulmate. Steve isn’t perfect, so how could he expect his soulmate to be? Maybe the soulmate he has won’t be what he wants, but what he
He had looked quickly away. His heart thudded against his chest, and sweat broke out along his brow. He counted to ten before he tried to speak again.
Edwards lays a hand on Horowitz’s shoulder.
Was dangerous.
That he has nothing left of his friend.
But the doctor has moved on. “Perhaps what Anthony needs is a new environment. When does he begin school?”
“I’ll be here when you wake up, Anthony,” Cap assures him in a quiet whisper.
Steve’s attention snapped back down to the lieutenant. “Johnson, Freddie would
Cap nods curtly as he rises on his feet. Once he’s standing again, he looks down at Anthony like he’s the best thing ever, his eyes bright. He holds out his left hand to Anthony and offers a smile. “Wanna come with me?” he asks.
Behind his glasses, the doctor gave a slow blink. “I don’t understand.”
He briefly glances up at Obie, who’s standing off to the side in his dark suit, with his thin salty hair unruly and trimmed beard. His father’s old business partner is big and broad-shouldered, his arms crossed over his chest and somehow taking up more room than should be possible considering the penthouse-size equivalent of a hospital room they’re in.
“Please?” Anthony adds, wiggling his fingers in a grabbing motion and looking up at his butler with what Ana calls his ‘Bambi eyes’. Jarvis shakes his head with a laugh, lips cracking in a smile, and steps towards him.
He blinks in confusion. How did she even know he would be here when he hadn’t even known where he was going? He doesn’t understand why she came out to find him in the first place. She’s probably very busy at the SSR--why would she waste her time with him?
He pauses, wondering quickly what he can say. “That’s a little tougher to explain,” is what he settles with. Suddenly Steve remembers the letter at his hip. “I need you to do me a favor, Peggy,” he says urgently.
There’s a long silence, both of them breathing heavily.
Steve reaches into his pocket, releasing the controls for a moment to pull out his compass. He opens it and sets it on one of the many meters of the plane’s dashboard. Peggy’s dark eyes and knowing smirk look back at him, and somehow it’s easier. They fall quiet for a few moments; Steve admiring the view of the sky as he allows Peggy the time to collect herself. The plane glides lazily despite the speed, and he watches as the wings’ tips cut through the puffy clouds.
At seven, the same age he’d been when he discovered his church, Steve’s mother had told him about soulmarks and soulmates. It had been one of those times he had a nasty bout of pneumonia and he was so cold. That was when his Ma had first told him what ended up becoming his favorite story from the Bible.
time to go between updates
At his New Year’s Eve party the week after his parents’ car accident, there is a sea of people bobbing up and down in time to the loud, thumping music that makes the walls of the Malibu mansion bounce. The glittering lights of the disco ball suspended from the ceiling of the entry room stains the skin of the partygoers purple or green. When Tony looks out on the dance-floor, everything’s so distorted: faces are twisted and doubled, sometimes tripled. Instead of individual people, he sees a literal monster made up of multiple heads and limbs convulsing and moving to the music.
For a while, they don't say anything. His best friend stands at the foot of the bed, his big eyes staring at Tony like he’s trying to solve the mysteries of the universe and if Tony could just cooperate, he’d get to the answer faster. But Rhodey knows him - has known him since Tony was sixteen and trying to be the big man on campus - and he knows that he only has to wait the two point five minutes it takes before Tony reaches that point where he
“Only Jarvis, Momma, and Howard call me Anthony, Cap,” Anthony explains sleepily. “I like being called Tony.” Darkness begins to creep in around him, the edges of his sight going gray.
Steve isn’t worth it, is the thing. His life isn’t worth Bucky’s death. If given the option to exchange his life for Bucky’s, Steve wouldn’t hesitate. He’d choose Bucky over himself every single damn time.
Tony thinks before blinking in realization and laughing; he laughs so hard he can feel tears streaming down his face.
. His feet stagger over to the chesterfield in the center of the room beside the immaculate fireplace, and his fingers trace the smooth leather back.
Steve turns back to the shattered glass on the dusty ground, the memory of the Virgin Mary’s peaceful expression swimming through his mind at the sight. Instead of blue or green or red, the glass shards that stare up at him are all a dull and dirty gray from the dust and ash in the air.
“Soulmates, I know,” Bucky said with a disgusted grunt and a roll of his eyes. “Weren’t you the one who was just saying that you didn’t believe in that mumbo-jumbo anymore?”
“Jarvis,” Anthony begins quietly, “does everyone have a Mark?” He glances at the butler nervously.
The doctor looked interested in what Anthony had to say. He leaned forward, his hands crossed over his desk as he stared down at him. “You
it started,
of the collectibles.
go to bed,” Anthony whines, cranky. It wasn’t
It’s a long time before the tears are squeezed dry from his eyes. Once he’s done, he settles back into his chair, hands limp on the table’s surface, and legs sprawled out underneath. He feels like a towel wrung dry: limp and lackluster, while all at once feeling numb and raw inside his chest and lungs. The grief settles onto his shoulders, becoming a part of him now, almost like a birthmark in a secret place: something private that only he can see whenever he wants.
Steve pauses as he comes up to a pile of rubble, a tumble of stones and chalky dust with no way around it to the far end of the church. Slowly, he lifts his leg and swings it over, using his back foot to balance on top of the precarious bricks. When he lowers his boot to the ground, a sudden loud
Steve thought back to that first day in Basic, and chuckled. “You have no idea.”
“Steve,” Bucky said, almost sighed it out in fond exasperation. “I already know.”
“Are you hurt?” The doctor asked. His voice was calm, but his body belied it: his eyes were wide and frantic with worry, and his hands hovered over his patient, unsure.
“What’s to understand?” she asked, truly curious, folding her arms over her lap.
There’s a long, drawn out silence before Anthony feels a gloved hand grip his chin gently. He lifts his head up at the contact, and stares into Cap’s eyes. They’re not like before; instead of warm and gentle, they look bright and determined - like he’s going into a fight.
Before he can say anything, Rhodey’s on his left, smooth hands brushing along his sides, making Tony jump. Rhodey delicately wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, careful not to jostle the IV drip in Tony’s right arm and all the important wires connected to him. His friend gently pulls Tony into him, so so slowly that Tony can pull away at any time. He doesn’t; he’s stock-still, with his breath caught in his throat and eyes wide in surprise.
Unable to help himself, though, Steve quickly glances back over at them again. Now separated from each other, the only point of contact between the two men is Edwards’ hand clutching Horowitz’s left wrist. In between Edwards’ gently stroking fingers, Steve manages to catch a glimpse of the orange soulmark on Horowitz’s wrist beneath his army-issued soul band. Steve’s going to have to make sure Horowitz and Edwards have some time alone together once they’ve passed through this town; they deserve that much.
Howard says facing her, as he lifts a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose in frustration. “My kid did not die on the operating table and meet his soulmate. If he had, I would have sued that hospital so
,” his momma continues, “but Steve died to protect people. And the best way to keep Steve’s memory alive is to honor what he did for us, and to do that, we have to keep his name a secret.
“What about the plane?” He can barely make out her British accent; it sounds so tinny on the speakers of the radio.
“I need you to contact Winifred Barnes--Bucky’s mother,” Steve clarifies. “Please tell her I said thanks for the letter--”
Almost like he was a precious thing liable to break if they squeezed him too hard.
as she says that, and Anthony manages to hold in a gasp at the sudden pain he feels; it’s like a band that’s wrapped around his heart is tightening.
why this hug feels familiar, and it’s pretty depressing he didn’t realize it earlier. But then again, he hasn’t been hugged this way in a
it’s so familiar.
“So you and Carter, huh?” Bucky had asked, giving him a teasing smile before taking a sip from the silver flask of whiskey he’d borrowed from Dum Dum. Ever since that night at the bar, when Peggy had approached Steve and given
"It will only be temporary," Peggy assured quickly.
“No one told me, if that’s what you’re wondering,” Bucky assured. Steve had, and felt a brief relief at the reassurance. “You remember Eugene Lebowitz? You would make moon eyes at him whenever we were together, and when his family moved away, you moped around for about a month.”
“Sweetheart,” Aunt Peggy says, her golden brown eyes staring at Anthony with a fierce determination, and her hands tight on his small shoulders. “I give you my word, once we take you to the doctor and make absolutely
Neither Ana nor Edwin know, and I doubt Maria has ever heard you speak his name, much less tell that story.”
“You know I knew this would be a long shot, Pegs,” he admits to her. He lets out a shaky laugh as he does. “Just like I knew I wasn’t supposed to get a soulmate.”
“Okay okay, point made,” interrupts Tony before his friend can go any further. He blows out a breath. “My parents are old-fashioned, and they think it’s bad manners to show and tell where it concerns your Mark. My entire childhood they drilled into me that a Mark isn’t meant to be shown around.”
Except now, since the serum, Steve doesn’t need as much sleep anymore. He can get away with two or three hours for a few days before his body feels the deep effects of fatigue. Besides it hasn’t been easier to sleep given his current surroundings, where he’s constantly on guard, whether it’s dodging bullets, infiltrating Hydra bases, avoiding bombs, or fighting in the trenches. But every once in awhile, he’s able to catch snatches of sleep when he or another Commando can liberate a truck or car.
“Do you smoke?” her tone is clinical, and that makes it easier to answer.
The walk down was dimly lit by the lights above, and he only passed a few people on his way. It had felt strange to be walking down the long corridor towards a place he’d never really been before except in passing. Of course he knew where the barracks were, but because he was Captain America, he had his own place to call his own. After months on the road at a time camping with Bernie, who played Hitler in the USO show, and then weeks with the Howling Commandos on their missions, he’d always been grateful to have his own space.
Jarvis frowns in thought, his newly released hand draped over his knee. “I’ve never heard of anyone with a Mark on their right wrist. But I imagine not.”
Howard stares at him, jaw open slightly in surprise. Anthony stares back, determined not to blink first.
“Do you do any drugs?”
, Steve, and losing you will still matter to me regardless of a Mark.”
Anthony immediately clamps his mouth shut and stiffens. He lowers his eyes to the floor as Aunt Pegs holds his pajamas out in front of him, shielding him from Howard’s view.
A gentle hand rests on his shoulder. Steve’s eyes flick up from the ground. His best friend gives him a small humorless smile, solemnity in his blue eyes.
Anthony shrugs as best he can. “I just want my party, Ana,” he replies matter-of-factly. She laughs and it reminds him of the tinkling of wind chimes.
So no, he didn’t really hate being Captain America. Not until the cost of putting on the stars and stripes meant losing Bucky. He hadn’t...he’d never factored that as a possibility: that he could lose Bucky while he was out there with him. That wasn’t supposed to happen. What good is it being physically capable of anything, when he can’t even save his best friend?
Staring at the wallpaper is a good distraction for one or two minutes as he sits just outside the doctor’s office, but not for much longer. The chair he’s in is so tall, that his feet dangle over the edge. Cap sits in the chair beside him, legs outward and back straight.
On long trips such as these, Steve likes to watch the countryside pass by as they drive down the long stretches of road. Steve’s sprawled in the back of the truck, trying to sleep, except after seeing the destruction of the church and its small town yesterday, sleep still isn’t easy. He itches for his sketchbook so he can draw everything good he’s witnessed: from the goofy expressions on Dum Dum’s face, to the sparse trees of the passing countryside, to Bucky’s slouching figure in sleep. Ever since it became one of his favorite pastimes, drawing’s served as a cathartic for Steve, as a way to banish the dark things he remembers by committing them down to paper. It’s once he’s put down the pencil after a long stretch of sketching, that he can really sleep.
have been, Howard,” Aunt Pegs says patiently, shaking her head. “Howard, Anthony he...he said ‘not to fondue around’. You
Marching through the small town behind the regiment of soldiers that the Commandos had been travelling with, his own team behind him, Steve’s thoughts kept going back to Brooklyn. It’s so easy to replace the remains of these destroyed places with his own neighborhood, and imagining that it had been the church he and Bucky would go in place of what had been burned to the ground behind him. For these people, the church must have been the center of their whole world, just as Brooklyn had been his.
The plane descends quickly into a nosedive, the wind whistling past Steve’s ears as he hurdles towards the water. He’s falling so fast that the momentum is making tears well up in his eyes. At least that’s what he tells himself. Steve can’t help but glance at his red gloved wrist; imagining a beautiful swatch of color underneath. He would always rely on the color palette in his head to dictate his Mark’s color, and any situation he found himself in, he’d pick a different color.
“Of Brooklyn Heights, New York,” Steve confirms, a small smile tugging on his lips. “And tell her I’m sorry. I’m sorry I’m not…”
Rhodey raises the wrist of his left hand and gestures at it, and Tony catches a brief glance of brilliant golden yellow before his eyes snap to Rhodey’s face. He can feel his own face burning with a blush, his shoulders tense in embarrassment at having looked in the first place. “Your Mark, the swatch of color on your wrist, the one that identifies who your soulmate is - your
Given how much stronger and healthier he feels now, it’s easy to forget that he had been too sick to play stickball his entire childhood, much less go out to Mass regularly. Nevertheless, Catholicism had rubbed off on him like a cat shedding its fur in spring, in large part because of the Irish immigrants who populated his neighborhood and the three other Irish families living in the same tenement apartment with him and his Ma. Without their help--whether it was caring for him,
Tears stream down Tony’s face and it’s the longest they’ve ever hugged in their friendship, even longer than the one he gave Rhodey when he was dropping him off at the airport, hoping it wouldn’t be the last time they’d see each other.
It didn’t take him long to reach the barracks, and it was still empty considering the time of day. One of the officers had been down there at the time of Steve’s arrival--probably had been told what to expect if his gushing was any indication--and had pointed Steve to a cot that no one was using at the far end of the room. He nodded his thanks and claimed it for his own.
Steve’s heart clenches painfully at the thought. His own religious upbringing had been unorthodox, but he had always felt an appreciation in the passion others had for their religion. The hatred behind the destruction made Steve’s blood boil and clench his teeth in anger. He didn’t care what they practiced: nobody’s sole form of comfort in a time of war deserved to be destroyed right in front of their very eyes.
He exhales softly. “Peggy,” he says, gently. “This is my choice.”
crying. But losing Bucky is a strange and staggering new experience for Steve. He wishes he could cry. Bucky deserves that much: to be mourned properly.
“But,” Steve began, confused. “How is a gray mark going to help you find your soulmate?”
“You read the report?” he asks, fiddling with the bottle.
Obie stares at Tony, disappointment clear in his blue eyes and lips turned down in a frown. It’s too much like how Howard used to look at him that Tony glances away -
"Are you alright?" Steve's voice is soft and genuine but still managed to startle Tony, snapping his head back upright, clearly having been spotted.
Steve once again found himself rolling his eyes in affection, which was something he never figured he'd be doing in response to Tony Stark.
Captain America - it wasn't just a job description. He could feel himself getting angry, and turned towards the elevators, and headed directly for the Workshop.  However all hopes of being calmed by Tony were dashed when, Steve stepped out and noticed all of Tony's black out defenses were up. Steve had to punch in his code only to step into the room and be met with AC/DC blasting from every speaker Tony had in there, at a deafening level.
He was a little slow to pull up and skidded against brick before coming free, that was going to leave a mark, both on the suit and his dignity.
"You're awful." Steve was frowning, but for the first time in their very tense relationship, he didn't actually have any fire behind it.
A heat arises in Tony's chest and he has to look anywhere else but at his own reflection, he knows that they shouldn't have done what they did, now the whole balance was going to be thrown off, but he didn't regret, not one second of it, and whatever came at him now that it was done, would be worth it.
." Pepper's eyes are once again at the sheets of paper on the table in front of her.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve "You mean you forgot your password."
"It's not." Tony says, padding off to his bathroom, full of confidence, and incredibly nude. "Have you seen yourself Steve? Look in a mirror and then try and blame me, dare you."
But that was a complaint for his next therapist, Steve already knew full well what the wrath of Howard Stark looked like, Steve had been on the receiving end for years. He didn't need a reminder. So a shrug was the best reply he could give, before handing back the hand towel. "I feel like you always knew I could do something better."
Its awkward for only a moment, before Steve is ducking his head and catching Tony's mouth with his own one more time. This time there's no mad dash for the door, they sit tangled together on the floor slowly basking in the aftermath that is one another.
Steve was smirking as he pulled away from Tony, his eyes still heavy lidded, and it was so fucking hot, Tony wanted to push him right to the ground. But Steve was already checking his phone, so Tony begrudgingly pulled out his own phone. "Natasha, and Bucky" Steve said.
"Jinx" Sam said with a laugh. "You owe me a coke-"
"You've met?" Natasha's voice was carrying from somewhere near by, but Tony only had tunnel vision, his ears were ringing and as much as he wanted to pretend like this was all a bad dream all he could do was stare straight at head into the face of the only man to have ever broken his heart.
Funny how Steve was just thinking the same thing about Tony's eyes. Thankfully the light flashed green in front of them, and he was able to turn his attention back onto the drive back.
"Tony-"
"Right, yeah, no Rhodey, still-" Tony couldn't help it as he let his eyes drag over the top half of the stranger, young, blonde, in a way too tight t-shirt, and "Holy shit are those arms for real?"
"-Did you try and sleep with Cap?" Rhodey asked like it would be the least surprising news he would hear all week.
"Drink!" Clint said to the room, having made a drinking game out of every time they were referred to as a couple.  No one else was playing along with him, but it didn't matter to Clint.
"It's fine." Tony was always a distraction, didn't matter if it was on a mission, in the kitchen, or sweaty and flushed next to him in the gym. The way the sweat outlined his arm muscles even more than usual, or the way his gym pants were essentially skin tight under armor yoga pants would not change the fact he was a walking distraction. Just might enhance it. Steve cleared his throat, yet again reminding himself it was rude to stare, and decided to hop into the treadmill next to Tony.  "I have to be honest I am a little surprised to see you in the gym."
"Now what about you two?" Natasha states looking to Steve and Tony beside her, her tone of voice much more sweeter than mere seconds ago.
Tony just watched shocked, through his face plate as Steve fell. He had been hoping that Steve would let the whole thing go already, like perhaps it could just be a silent thing that they both knew happened but neither would mention, or think about. Clearly that was not the case. Tony frowned watching Cap fall further and further before smashing through the center of the drone. Tony fell so deep into thought that he nearly missed J.A.R.V.I.S. warning him of imminent collision.
"Yes Ma'am."
"Don't be such a spoil sport." Natasha said with a fond sigh, stepping around Tony, but not before stopping and placing a kiss to his cheek. "Thanks for last night, but if you ever tell anyone about it I will pluck your eyelashes out one at a time."
He knew Steve was watching him now, he knew Steve knew exactly what he was doing. But he didn't say anything, instead the large ghost grabbed two cups and filled them two fingers high.
"My great aunt has him cornered." Natasha says without sympathy, her eyes falling on to Sharon and Sam across the table. "You two finally got your shit together huh?"
"We had just moved in together." Tony said, clearing his throat, and the emotion from it. "Actually I think right after I took this we got into a huge argument about where to put all my boxes. I had endless boxes of just scrap metals and wires, I had just gotten cut off from the family funds and we were renting this awful shack like ten minutes from the beach, and I just filled it with all my crap."
"I don't know what's going on but somebody better start explaining like now." Natasha blurted out next, only shooting a slight glare to the guy next to her. Tony felt it safe to assume that it was James. He never got a chance to meet Steve's best friend, just more proof that they were doomed to fail from the beginning. "What the hell is happening?"
then?"
The house itself was beautiful, even Tony had to admit that. The white farmhouse was situated in green space surrounded by trees, with a bright red barn tucked off to the side of the property. It honestly looked something out one of the Country Living magazines that Pepper used to leave lying around the penthouse. It was definitely romantic, and Tony could now understand why Natasha wanted to get married here.
So why was it so hard. Steve's reply was a lack of anything at all. "You should come to New York with me."
"You know, I hear a lot of people get married in New York." Tony says into Steve's chest. "Maybe when you come out we can find you something in the city, you can stay with me, you know until you find your own place or for like - the long term." Tony knows he's rambling, but it's what he does when nervous.  "Just maybe think about it."
"Are you alright?" He asked after a beat although now that he was feeling a bit more awake, he felt he knew what the answer would be. He had only ever seen Natasha upset once before, it was right when she started working for him, he never really did find out what she was upset about, but he could tell from her eyes.
"What are you drinking?" Steve asked, leaning over the counter to get a look. "Is that ginger ale?"
"Are you sure?" Tony's voice went low, looking up at Steve through his eyelashes, eyes dark and serious. "I can really make it worth your while."
his eyes. He was truly disappointed in himself, but it was worth a try.
------
"Another?" Tony asked while the rest laughed.
Tony could feel the pain radiate through his spine and his stomach turn, uneasy, guilty and sad. He could feel the sadness take over his face and the words replay over and over again in his head. "You're not lost." He whispered, words getting lost in soft blonde hair, his arms pulling the other into himself as best he could.
"Just barely." Steve quipped, giving one last glance over his bike. "Can you please just make sure to put her back where you got her?"
"I don't mind." Tony closed his eyes again, listening to Steve's heart and their steady breathing once again fill the room.
"We have to go to the airport and pick up Natasha's grandmother." Bucky says with a sigh, as the toaster popped up. "And then we have to meet her parents for lunch-"
“Come inside.” This time Tony demanded instead of pleaded.
She continued moving around the kitchen, grabbing her protein powder from a cupboard before the almond milk from the fridge as she spoke. "Trust me Steve you get two attractive people of the opposite sex in one photo and suddenly the entire world thinks you're fucking, and it's so much worse for women, I can't even post a picture of myself without a thousand people asking me to sit on their faces."
"Tony I know I don't really know you, which is ridiculous considering how much you keep popping back into my life but-" Bucky's hand is still outstretched while he talks. "-Thank you for whatever you said to Nat. Look I'm not an idiot I know she's a ten while I am much lower, but whatever you said to her, she said it really calmed her down."
"It won't be easy." Tony admits meeting Steve's eyes again. "I'm probably more difficult than I've ever been, and I'd be an idiot to think that time hasn't changed me, changed us, but-" Tony shrugs "I want to see where this thing goes if you'll take the chance on me?"
“I’m not going to jump, Tony.” The words were more calloused and cold then he had meant, but it was too late to take them back.
Steve sat back up, holding the black box in one hand, before he dropped himself down onto one knee beside the couch, and in front of Tony. "I was going to start by telling you how happy I am, and how no one else in my life has ever made me feel as much as you have, but even with the bad, even with the worst days we've ever had, I couldn't ever imagine growing old with anyone else."
"No sir" JARVIS replied before Natasha could, not that she would indulge in this little game of his. "The temperature remains cool."
"I'm not saying they slept together." Natasha spoke in hushed tones, she knew that Steve had gone up to bed hours ago, and Tony after hearing about a second poker game, stuck around a little bit longer before losing three rounds, calling the group cheats, and pouted up to bed shortly afterwards, but they didn't need to be screaming it out loud should one of them decide to come down for a drink, or a rematch. "I'm saying
"Of course it will." Tony says with a roll of his eyes. "You'll have a husband, you'll be a wife. You'll probably be asked by strangers daily when you're popping out babies, and referred to as Mrs. Barnes, which by the way I am refusing to do, right now, I draw the line, you'll be Romanov to me until the day you die. But when you go home at the end of the day, and when you wake up in the morning it will still be the same guy beside you."
"Oh my God." Sharon is once again turning pink before she hides her face behind her hands, and Sam is laughing, because there's not much left for him to do. The cat is definitely out of the bag, and so be it.
Tony gratefully drank his new drink, as Natasha carefully picked up the smaller of the two boxes and gently shook it. "This better not be another frying pan."
On the ride to the hotel they make plans, Steve will come to New York in two weeks time, and util then, promises to learn how to use the phone, properly. They only have a mild set back at the hotel, in the form of Tony mentioning that the only person he shared his hotel bed with the entire trip was Natasha.
It's of the cityscape, the sun just beginning to rise, peaking out above the tall city buildings, The floor the ceiling windows are on full display, and just barely, if Steve squints, he can see Tony's reflection in the windows. It's distorted, but he see's Tony's body, the outline of a bed, and just barely, he can make out his own form laying behind him.
He also had one missed call, and a voicemail from an unknown number. Tony looked at the ten digits on his screen, a Vermont area code, and would bet a pretty penny that it was Steve. He decided he wasn't going to walk down that road again just yet, and forced himself into a shower instead.
Tony tells Pepper everything, it comes out of him like vomit after weekend binge, he can't stop himself, the details just keep coming. And after all of it is out and in the open all Pepper can do is pat his hand and sigh. "Never thought I'd see the day where Tony Stark falls in love."
"Holy shit!" Clint's voice is loud from behind them, startling both Tony and Steve apart, though their hands stay tied together, neither willing to let go, and Tony mentally notes that it stands for something. Clint pauses eyes shifting between them before he smirks. "The barn looks amazing." he praises, as if that's what he was going to do all along. "We should get in there, Bride and Groom are incoming."
"Actually I think I own Tony's Lexus." Natasha smirked at Clint who shrugged in return.
"Hey Steve?" Tony yawned, pulling the blankets over himself. "I really like you."
Steve called the elevator, the doors sliding open almost immediately, he would take a wild guess that a certain AI was helping him out. He stepped inside, dragging Tony in with him,  and pressing the button for the penthouse. "You're my friend Tony, I'm always going to be nice to you."
There was something about the wind against his bare skin, hitting him over and over, causing the pale flesh to turn pink, stinging and then warming for the brief pauses in natures beating. How long exactly he had been on the edge, he was not sure. Literally, he had been on this edge for a few minutes, possibly more if he had lost track, figuratively he had been at the edge for months. Always one step away from the end.
But he can't and Steve is politely motioning for him to continue, putting on his brave Captain face, acting as if he has no idea what Tony could possibly want to talk about. Tony hates himself for this, but he can't do it anymore. He has to tell Steve exactly how he feels. Only he can't find the words, he rehearsed this, he had it all written out in his head, he prepared, but when the steel blue eyes bore into him all he could come up with was.
"I had to get you something as your man of honor." Clint said, handing off the boxes to Bucky.
"I dunno." Natasha said with a half shrug, looking down to the papers in front of her. "Sounds like you were pretty drunk, Steve said-"
Steve couldn't sleep. He had tossed and turned and counted six hundred and some odd sheep. It was somewhere around the time his brain started wondering how blue raspberry became a flavor - because there were no such things as blue raspberries and though raspberry was definitely a flavor,
Thankfully the elevator came to a stop and the doors opened revealing Tony's floor.  "Let's get you to bed." was all Steve could say, urging him out of the elevator.
"Listen Capsicle." Tony grabbed a cloth and managed to wipe his hands clean before slapping one on Steve's back. "I for one am grateful that you were defrosted and get to face a hoard of teenagers with me for it." he peered up at the screen that was causing all these issues, wondering when exactly he became the best person to inform Captain America about the political climate of the world. "Besides, if it's not done by people like us, then who is going to make sure the next generation doesn't fuck it up even worse?"
The drink went down Steve's throat, burning every inch of his insides as it did, but he didn't flinch, instead he grabbed the other glass and downed it as well. He couldn't be drunk, he had tried, but perhaps that was part of his punishment, it was what he deserved. The pain of the process but none of the payoff.
"I'm sure" Steve mused over his coffee mug, watching carefully as Tony smoothed his blue suit jacket over his chest. "Tell me again why you're going to this thing?"
"So you think I'm hot?"
He was about to hook himself under Tony's arm, when instead Tony reached out and wrapped his arms around Steve's elbow, holding on for dear life while leaning into his side. "You smell so good Steve."
"Excuse you." Tony retorted before handing off the bread to Sam, not missing the smirk it gained from Steve. "I will have you know I do not eat cauliflower anything."
Tony's mind immediately fell to Steve, because how could they not. "Does his smile make you smile? And when he looks at you in a crowded room does your stomach twist a little bit? And when he makes stupid jokes do you laugh, even just to make him feel better?" Tony tilted his head, just to catch Natasha's green eyes staring at him. "My mom used to say that you know it's true love when you get good news and want to tell them first, but even more so when it's bad news and they're the first one on your list to call."
"Steve." Tony purred leaning forward. "Wanna get out of here?"
Tony had a way with words, but there were no amount of sweetly sung out sentences that would convince Steve he wanted to awkwardly stand around a hole in the wall bar on the east side of town watching Tony get drunk and fondled by half dressed women, making an ass out of himself and the people around him.
Sam and Sharon don't join the table until dinner is being served, they're looking a little disheveled and embarrassed and Tony is the first to call them out. Sharon flushes immediately before glaring at Clint.
"I was going to try." Steve replied. "But then you fell asleep on me."
"Clint has the same." Maria adds with a shoulder shrug. "He also occasionally logs onto Reddit and  does AMA's, the fans love it, they're always a big hit." She levels a stern look at Steve before continuing, as if begging him to challenge her. "Thor's Facebook page, though a bit of a mess lately with his new obsession with Meme's also has a large following."
"Thought you were going to pass out." Clint said, wiping away a rogue tear.
Tony didn't know how long he was gone for, but he knew he didn't get very far. The road didn't carry on for long before he was met by wilderness. Which just made him curse Vermont because seriously who decides to build a city road that dead ends into a dirt walking path. Though it was kind of a blessing in disguise, because Tony spent most of the walk back cursing the idiots that planned the town. He wasn't reminded of why he left in the first place until the hotel came back into view.
" Suddenly bits and pieces of his night were coming back, specifically the part where he told Steve his disappointed face was sexy. "Oh my god no."
"Missiles." Iron Man finished, voice tight. "Who the fuck builds a drone this big and adds missiles? We gotta take this thing out before it destroys the west end."
"Ugh, tone it down about 70% there buddy." He mumbled, rolling himself onto his back, and wiping away the spit that had gathered on his chin through the night. He was truly disgusting. "Time?"
Thor, though his lips are pursed, still looks giddy, his hair windswept, looking truly like a God.
"Technology is stupid." Steve mumbled, flicking through the channels, now that the television was working, stopping on CNN.
Steve could barely catch his breath, before the blush spread across his face.
"Busy." Tony admitted, adding some pressure to his movements against Steve's foot. "Pepper made me attend four meetings today, and I swear two of them were the exact same people just redistributed around the same room." He sighed, switching to Steve's other foot and repeating his earlier movements. "She tell ms that we accomplished everything we needed to do today though, so I suppose it was productive."
Steve chuckled handing him a bottle of water. "Don't think that's going to get you any extra pain medication today."
Tony had to swallow back his heart, which felt like it was in his throat as he looked at Steve, because Tony had seen that smile from the picture, just this morning, just like he used to smile when they were in love. And now it was gone.
Tony took the order, making sure to add a little pizzazz to his direction change, causing Steve to grip onto the suit a bit tighter, he could feel the panels pressing together just that much more when he did, and he would be lying if he said he didn't enjoy feeling it, even though J.A.R.V.I.S. would send an alarm notice of possible crushing every time Steve did it.  "We're getting close to drop zone." Iron Man said. "Ready?"
"Few more minutes." Steve mumbles into his pillow, not quite ready to unravel himself from Tony's silk sheets, and face the real world. "M'tired"
Natasha glared at him, but Tony just laughed. "It's fine, I bet I can do it."
"-But you're going to be late for your pity party?" Clint finished for him, lifting his hand for a high five from Steve, that he certainly was not going to get.
"What's up?"
"Helloo" Tony called out again, back to the other side of the house. "Special delivery for-"
"You're ridiculous." Tony is chuckling again, but he's sliding an arm over Steve's side and pressing soft kisses along his shoulders, his calloused fingers grazing against his bare skin. "Tell you what.." Tony speaks into Steve's skin, nose bumping into his ear as he moves trailing soft kisses upwards. "If you wake up right now I'll make it worth your efforts."
Tony stiffened, but quickly removed his hand from Steve's back. "Stop what?"
Speaking to Tony outside of battle or a mission was rare, and when it did happen it was always in a group setting, over a shared meal, or a briefing, maybe the occasional night they all happened to be home at the same time, but always with other people around. Which is why, the second time Steve needed technical help, he felt stupid for immediately thinking of Tony. But, Tony had said any time, and he of course was the only other person still awake in the tower. It didn't help that it was nearly two thirty in the morning, a time when regular people sleep, and Tony was not regular people.
"I would have preferred that as a problem." Tony admitted, looking down at his treadmill screen as if the miles run were suddenly too interesting to look away. "I couldn't sleep, and then I couldn't focus on any of my work because I have a very simple problem that I'm struggling to fix, and It's simplicity is killing me, but I just can't get over it."
. Steve knows this enough to not point it out.
"Hear what?" Tony asked confused.
"Do you know, " He spoke breaking the silence, allowing himself to pretend he was comfortable, marching past Tony towards the bar, the one that could always be counted upon to be fully stocked. "They say the best way to ring in the new year is with a toast?"
"Might be because you're nosy." Steve says, watching her carefully.
Steve recognizes it as the rebuild Tony was fiddling around with a few days ago.  He had switched to the Nano tech for his own suits, but still updated some of his older ones, for emergency cases. The picture itself had a million and a half likes.
"I have." Steve confirms, because, he doesn't really know where this is going, but whatever it is, it's enough to unsettled the God of Thunder. Which in itself is unsettling.
Natasha's brows twisted up in confusion, not a look she often wore. "Have you not met the guy?" She leaned her hip into the counter beside her as she asked. "Or is he like alcohol poisoning drunk?"
"Hey It's not like anyone was harmed-" Tony protested
"What? Tony no!" Rhodey protested knowing exactly what Tony had taken from the conversation, but he was cut off by the call being ended.
"Tony." Natasha's sighed. "I am so sorry, I didn't-"
"I've deleted the account she made for you." Tony once again, didn't bother looking back up from his report. "And even when you are ready to date, I really don't think she should be chucking you into the shark pool of Tinder anyways, those woman will eat you alive."
"Tony." Steve tried. "Please."
Tony can't help it, as he reaches into Natasha's lap and flips the page, needing to see what else was in the album. The next photos were in color, Tony with big sunglasses over his face, thick brown curls falling into his face as he beamed at the camera, his fingers up in a peace sign. Tony knows the pose well, it's carried with him over the past few years, but this one looks genuine. The other side of the page was a poorly angled selfie, of Tony and Steve.  The bottom half of their faces was cut off, but Tony knew they were smiling, he remembered being on that beach from dawn until dusk. Steve's eyes were half closed and Tony was looking up over the top of his glasses at Steve, completely in love.
Natasha rolls her eyes, and pushes away from the door frame. "It's like watching two hungry kittens go at it."  She's only teasing, but if they didn't know her it would be hard to tell.
, with Sam.
''I think Sharon and Sam hooked up in your guest room." Bucky added, with a wave of his hand. "I mean she's been trying for a month now, I hope he finally got the hint."
"She did say that." Sharon said, towards Tony with a smirk. "Can we get you a drink?"
"You make everyone look so human." She says one day as she's floating around the main floor, waiting for Tony before they head off to a meeting of some sort.
"Thanks Pepper."
"I know I don't." Tony said, lining another plate into the rack before reaching for the cutlery in the sink. "I'd say it's because I wanted to do it, but we both know that would be a lie."
"Vermont is a big place Tony." Pepper sighed. "It's a few nights, you make nice, you have a little fun, stay out of the tabloids, you come home refreshed. It's a win for all of us." She turned her attention back to her computer screen, another email or something having caught her attention. "If it truly is awful then you make up an excuse to come home, no one will be the wiser."
Turns out Steve's farm house was at the end of one of those dead end roads that Tony decided he hated so much, because of course it would be. Once the pavement ended and turned to gravel, the cab he took from the hotel still carried on another ten minutes before it came upon the drive way. Also gravel - what was it with country people and their gravel Tony thought to himself.
It didn't help that his only real dating experience had been a few failed first dates with Bucky's dates friends, and then whatever it was he had with Peggy. He wasn't even sure he could consider that dating, and it was literally a life time ago. So much so that these people didn't even really date anymore, they hooked up. They actually sought each other out over the internet, exchanged barely a conversation and then met up, had sex and decided whether or not to do it a second time.
"Sure I guess." Clint is still looking at him with mild confusion, and what almost looks like disappointment. "but maybe next time don't lead on with words like risky and get my hopes up."
The reply doesn't come right away, and for a moment, Tony's able to turn his face into the sun and close his eyes letting the gravity of what he just admitted settle in on him. He's terrified, but he knows he means it. When his phone finally does vibrate he almost doesn't want to look, but is glad he does.
Honestly, though, Steve is too tired to be worried. They just finished battling armed drones, one still sparking beneath his feet, the dust barely settled over his cheeks when Thor approached him. So all he could do was take a deep breath and face the God head on.
"Steven." Tony was not playing around, and narrowed his eyes at the blonde. "You're not funny."
"Just your ego." Steve tried to sound sympathetic but his poorly hidden smile ruined any chance he had. "And now Pepper won't let you into your own office without a full metal detector scan."
Tony stepped in after her, pressing in the number for their floor. "I just want to make sure everything goes smoothly. You also better be nice to him when you meet him."
Thor looks confused at this, but his shoulders to relax a fraction, and Steve mentally makes a note as to where Thor's alliance lies between himself and Tony, might be handy to know. You know, in case things ever did get -
Placing his palms down beside himself, Steve contemplated what forever meant, forever was a long time, he had nearly 100 years on his side, but forever was longer. He would be alone for most of forever.
"Do you believe that?" Steve asked quietly, dropping his head.
And then they're standing there, a foot apart from one another, wiping their hand on the poor janitors cloths before tucking themselves back in. Tony wants to ask Steve to do dinner with him, to go for a walk, to literally do anything but go back to how it was, he wants to ask Steve to be his boyfriend and hold his hand and knows he can't ask any of that. So instead he smiles, his lopsided grin and Steve reciprocates.
"-And then we're meeting the officiant here at four to do a run through of the ceremony so I need you all there." Natasha says looking directly at Clint before adding. "On time, showered and dressed."
Steve just nodded, before stepping into the elevator and disappearing back to his room.
"That was one time." Tony smirked, remembering how upset Pepper was when she accidentally saw those outgoing messages on his screen. "And if I remember correctly I told you not to check my phone for me."
"You do?" Steve finally replied.
No one else would be awake, and if they were - it was Tony - and he would be in his shop, elbow deep in grease and metals and that was fine. That was the norm.
"You're such a sap." Tony says, but it's from behind tears that are now free falling, and all Steve can do is chuckle and agree.
"I don't think this is a fixing situation, it's more of an apologizing situation." Rhodey chuckled "Too bad you just didn't remember anything at all."
"I'm sorry about him." Natasha said with a sigh
Then aliens attacked from outer space and Steve was just sort of thrust into the new world, with new people,
"I don't think you're asking the right person." He linked his fingers, his movements stuttering as he felt the cold metal wrapped around his finger, praying that the other saw no hesitation. "But I imagine they toast to life, love, happiness. That sort of thing."
"The last time I dressed casual, I was put on the worst dressed list in OK Magazine." Tony frowned into his cell phone, currently pinned between his ear and his shoulder as he checked himself out in the mirror.
"Steve?"
"I knew I'd regret giving you that code." Tony says with a groan, twisting in his seat to grab a cushion to put over his lap.
A barrage of hearts and thumbs fill the screen with the occasional angry or sad face, a ton of comments shooting up the screen, and Tony just knows the blood is draining from his face, but then he laughs, because  Steve is going to be in
"Thanks Tony." Steve opened up his phone as if fully restarted, relieved to see some red bubbles missing, and knowing just how to fix the rest of them now.
Steve sighs as he pushes open the workshop door and steps inside. Tony, of course, does not immediately greet him, or for all Steve knows, even register that he's there. It wouldn't be the first time he got too wrapped up in his work to pay attention to his surroundings.
"Well that was interesting." Natasha said, mostly to herself as she looked back down at her files, letting Steve flee as well.
"What?" Tony asked, glancing stunned between Steve and Clint.
Steve would disagree, but that's because it didn't matter what Tony looked like, he always looked amazing. This time, he had an old T-shirt on, specifically put aside for work days in the shop, his jeans were dirty and ripped, and his hair was not styled, and just a soft natural mess on his head. It was one of Steve's top three looks for the man.
Clint just laughs again, and Tony pops the can in his hand, brown eyes practically burning into the back of Steve's head, waiting for some kind of explanation. Steve can feel it, so he sighs, just enough to get his blush under control before facing the brunette again.
Tony wasn't sure what time it was, or how long he had been there. The perk to being the celebrity guest was the free drinks. Anything to keep him happy while hordes of party goers tried to get their own selfie with him. Tony wasn't going to complain either way, not after nearly killing the poor girl, this was the least he could do for her boyfriend. But he definitely appreciated the free scotch. Or at least, he had been. Tony wasn't sure how long he had been at the party, a while for sure. But he was unsure if it was a drunk while, or a regular time while Time was such a weird concept, that really only a sober mind could understand. And Tony, was not sober, as he leaned up on the side of the bar, half to look cool half because he wasn't sure if his legs still worked.
“You think you
“What?” Steve said. He withdrew his hand. “You think I’m straight?”
“It did take the world almost ending to get us here,” he pointed out. Such a know-it-all.
“And got to attend a gay wedding in space.”
“I guess I forgot to tell you,” Steve murmured. “We must have been fighting at the time.”
“So I think you should really just call it a ‘wedding’,” Steve said conclusively, and then Tony
Then a man enters the cozy living room, and everything shifts a little bit.
“Should you be driving?” Tony asks, voice rough. Nat’s hands seem steady enough on the controls of the Quinjet, but he has his doubts. “Or—you know what I mean—flying? I know what that witch’s mind voodoo feels like.”
Tactfully, Tony restrains himself from asking follow-up questions. As he’s trying to think of a subject to talk about that doesn’t involve—presumably—extensive torture and mutilation, a cat pads around the corner, tail swishing. It’s small and white, and after a brief sniff it wraps itself around Tony’s ankles. Absent-mindedly, he reaches down to scratch it behind the ears. He’d never been allowed to keep a pet under Howard’s roof, and the habit had continued into adulthood, but he’s always had a soft spot for cats all the same.
"I didn't take you for the direct type Cap." Tony teased, still hanging on to Steve to make it to the penthouse door. "I figured you'd wine and dine me and then woo me into bed."
"Iron Man - Focus!" Cap barked into his ear.
Tony turns his attention to the outstretched phone and has to stop himself from laughing. "Uh, those would be thirst comments."
"it's a motorcycle Steve." Tony spoke slowly, as if that would solve the mystery itself.
much trouble. "Oh Pepper is definitely regretting letting you have Instagram back."
"No." Tony's voice was nearer now, and there was a warm touch on his back.
"Hey Star- Uh, Tony?" Steve tried to keep his cool, but he knew if he held onto his phone any longer, he might end up crushing it, in pure defeat. "I hate to bother you, but do you have a minute?"
"I can only imagine." Tony couldn't help but smirk at the idea, as he moved to stand beside Steve. "You'll have to let me know when it's done, You're going to look really hot riding this bike."
Thankfully he had managed to finish his first beer and Clint arrived at his side with a second, like some magical little drink fairy, distracting Sharon enough for Tony to step away from that half of the kitchen, and he almost felt like maybe Clint knew he needed saving and would end the night owing him more than twenty bucks. But that would be a discussion for later.
was. But Natasha had sent another text saying she had already made him fifteen matches, and he should log in immediately to see some of the girls. Steve could feel himself begin to panic, what the hell were matches, did he have to take out fifteen girls? he sighed again, but this time louder.
"No, sir." J.A.R.V.I.S. said and Tony could finally relax, leaning against the cool tile of the shower in relief. Or so he thought. "But you did voice your desire to ride him."
Pepper stood straight, her eyes dragged over Steve slowly, before landing on his face. "Steven." she offered as neutral as she could muster.
Steve just grunted in reply, as he pressed his hips into Tony's, feeling the friction on the budge in his jeans, while his head dipped lower once more, nipping at Tony's throat, and his hands had slowly started to inch up Tony's T-shirt.
"Something wrong?" Tony finally asked, he had been sitting across from Steve since the first sigh, but as nicely as he had ignored the first one, he wasn't able to let the second one slide. Tony held his pen between his fingers, tapping it expectantly on the boardroom table top. They were both supposed to be completing these Shield reports from their most recent incident in Central Park,
"First of all, I'm straight, support the LGBTQ Sisters, Brothers and all ya'll in between though." He looked directly into the camera as he said that, sending Clint into a second round of giggles. "Secondly No, we're not dating."
Steve just smirked. "So Technology is female too?"
"Steve if we're going to be family you're going to have to trust me." is all Natasha says, before she's crawling into Steve's bed beside Tony and laying the photo album in her lap.
"Too forward?" Tony asked, before shaking his head. "Doesn't matter, it's summer in California, it's hot, you're hot, we should be hot together, if you get my drift."
"That's probably part of it." Tony laughed as he slowly moved towards the elevator bay. "Any plans for tonight?"
"I also think-" Natasha glared at the archer for not letting her finish. "That Tony has the hots for Steve."
"You're old and easily tired out." Tony replies, yet still allowing himself to be swallowed by Steve's large arms.
When Tony got to the restaurant, it was full of people, and Tony recognized none of them, thankfully, Natasha must have spotted him through the crowd because suddenly she had called his name and was frantically waving from across the room.
When Tony wakes up he can feel the heat of the sun on one cheek, and the soft feel of fabric against his other. He doesn't quite know where he is, except that he's in a bed of some sort. Prying open one eye, he's met with a room lit by the sun, and just beyond the edge of the bed he sees a face that he knows.
"I think it's kinda fun actually." Tony swipes a hand over one of the screens before glancing back at Steve. "People want to know what it's like to be us, no harm in showing them a little bit.  You might enjoy it actually."
"I will." She reassures. "Are you good?" she adds, glancing at Steve before he has a chance to join the conversation.
The first time Steve speaks to Tony alone, after moving into the tower, is actually to ask for help. Technical Help. It's pretty much an accident, or at the very least a meeting of convenience. Tony just happens to be the first person he see's when he ventures down into the kitchen seeking help. Steve knows they aren't exactly on the best of terms, not they were on bad terms, just awkward terms. At the end of the day, they were still on the same team though, and that had to count for something.
"I forgive you." Pepper sighed, stepping with him as they walked towards the elevator bay. "You didn't think he'd actually come?"
Carefully, Tony pointed out the different remotes and what they were for, making a point to clarify which one was for the TV, meaning the only one that really mattered. He found himself describing how inputs worked, and how if Clint was up here, playing Mario Kart again, he probably forgot to switch the input over to cable so- it took a few tries, but once Steve got into pressing the right buttons, and watching for the right lights to light up the Television came to life.
"Wait." Tony's eyebrows raised into his hairline, his tired brain still working to piece together what was happening. "Are you being serious?"
This was by far my favorite, the trip down memory lane is where my heart remains.
Tony once again found himself losing track of time with Steve, but when he heard his name softly whispered, and felt Steve's hand carding through his hair, he pried open an eye. The sun had disappeared completely and the room was dark and quiet.
The first time Steve and Tony have sex it's a mess. It's hot, but messy and Tony cries. Not because he's sad or in pain, at least not entirely, but because he's angry, relieved, happy and sad all at once. Years of pent up sexual frustration, years or arguing and butting heads, years of will they wont they that lead them to this moment, causing every emotion Tony Stark could feel, to come bubbling up to his surface. Which lead them to the penthouse floor, in a mess of clothing and sweat and carpet burns that would remind them - remind Tony - for at least a week of what they've done. It's a mess of teeth against skin and nails dug into flesh and Tony buries his head into Steve's shoulder, and tries his best to hide his face.
"I'm out of this conversation, I don't feel comfortable gossiping about someone's personal lives." Bruce gathered his tea mug so he could head up to bed. "I'm going to leave before I can be incriminated in this one."
"And you survived?" This time Tony does look at him, an eyebrow quirked, and a smirk playing on his plump lips. "Also is it just me or would that make a good band name, Pepper Hill-"
"I don't know-" A voice cut in, the camera panning to a woman in a stiff suit behind a desk. "Do we really think this is Cap's coming out of the closet? Could he not just be in support of the lifestyle?"
Steve sighed as he looked into his closet. Everything looked the same to him. Getting dressed for movie and game night had never been this difficult before, but for some reason this time, he just didn't have anything to wear. Either things were too tight or too loose or just looked wrong. Who was he even trying to impress -
"Oh boy." Tony sighs, but it's in fondness. "You're in for one hell of a lesson Babe, buckle up."
The stress from Steve's face had lessened as Tony shared a look with him, and then Natasha was turning the page again. This time it was of Tony, shirtless with his middle fingers up, facing the camera with his tongue hanging out, because he truly was an asshole for quite a few years of his life. He was teetering over the edge of a dock, blue water behind him. His swim shorts were the brightest red and his hair was windswept, and Tony immediately remembered it as the first day Steve ever told him he loved him.
"What?" Steve smoothed a hand over the front of his shirt. "No, I'm just wearing a shirt."
"Yeah" Tony grabbed a second bottle from the fridge, praying the cool air had calmed his flushed face. "I am still suffering from last night-" he said honestly turning back aground and offering up the second bottle."I think I might be done drinking forever."
"Natasha." Steve frowned, but he continued moving, not letting himself be distracted by her, she would use whatever she could for her own gain. Even if she meant what she was saying. "Tony and I, We're not like that-"
"Want to talk about it?" Natasha had a certain finesse with words, she could frame something as a simple question and in reality make it sound like a demand. One you would be stupid to deny. It made sense, she didn't get to become one of the worlds greatest secret assassin spies on her looks alone. Steve knew this and yet every time he would fall into her trap, not this time.
"He did." Tony confirmed, and forced himself to look at his friend. "But I haven't checked the message."
"Sober Tony does too." Steve swallowed hard, ignoring the hand on his leg, and the fact that Tony was in his space, smelling like booze. They came to a stop light and Steve looked over at the brunette, dark brown eyes staring at him, inches from his face. He was close enough to make out the golden flecks dotting the doe eyes, even for as drunk as he was, he still looked alert, and gorgeous.
Tony looked wide eyed and a little manic, but his confusion settled once he realized it was Steve who had cut his music. He offered a tight smile before turning his attention back to the hunk of gauntlet pinned between his legs.
Alert, Alert, this is a mature chapter.   Ya'll been warned.
"It's his profession, Tony." Steve sighed. "And I'd like to remind you that I'm from Brooklyn."
Tony remembers wishing to die the day Steve finally packed his bags and left. Tony remembers begging the universe to end his life so he wouldn't have to go on. Tony blamed him self for everything, and found himself still doing it.
"I have something better than an idea." Tony said as his phone vibrated with a reply. "I have a Pepper."
Natasha laughed, turning to her friends. "I told you he would fit right in, did I not?"
"You and I remember Budapest very differently." Clint groaned again, keeping his head down he blindly reached out for the Bacon.
Clint is barely able to cover his mouth before his drink comes spritzing out. which only makes Steve glare at the man to his left for getting spit near him.
"Ya'll are dicks." Sam said with certainty, just in time for Bucky to appear in the kitchen.
------
"Shut up Clint." Natasha sniped back.
"I didn't drink." Steve's voice answers quietly, he's sitting in a chair by the window, hunched over a sketchbook, and Tony can't help but wonder if he's been transported ten years into the past, but in an alternate time line. Steve must notice the weird look he's getting because he smirks and adds. "I was drinking non-alcoholic beer last night, I don't drink anymore."
"I bet I'm fully right." Natasha eyed Barton, challenging him with just a look."Wanna put some money on it?"
"You didn't, but I heard." Tony replies cautiously taking his phone back from her, and staring down at the dimmed screen.
"We shouldn't have done that." Steve echos Tony's earlier sentiment and it draws a laugh out of him.
But it was too late. The tears were warm on his cold face, he should have stopped them, he should have left, but in that moment Steve could do nothing but cry. He wept into his hands, his entire body trembling with each sob, eyes burning nose running. He could feel his hands shake and he didn't know how to stop it.
"Tony hasn't hit on me." Clint's said offended. "Has he really hit on all of you?"
"When did you notice your fun leave?" Tony mumbles, allowing his eyes to fall shut again. "Was it roughly ten years ago? Because I think it might have been."
"I asked Tony to marry me and then I-" Steve was still staring at his hands, and Tony felt his stomach drop at knowing what came next. "And then I cheated on him."
He should have taken his own advice that first night. They should not have done that.
Tony could only offer a nod before speed walking out of the kitchen, and towards the elevator.
It only escalated from there. By the time dinner rolled around it was on every news outlet. Jarvis had it on the big screen on the common floor, and Natasha had even made popcorn for the event.
So Tony isn't surprised when he hears a snort come from the table, where Clint is sitting. "Jealous Stark? Doesn't look good on you."
The second time Steve said it, he knew he was going to say it, his brain fired off all the right signals, his heart raced in all the ways it was supposed to, warning him, begging him to stop, but his lips still moved and his voice still said it.
"Okay. Yeah-" Steve felt a little uneasy as he said goodbye, but it was probably just at the confirmation that he was about to stir the pot.
Steve's phone vibrated, another text from Natasha.
"She'll fix this." Tony says quietly to Steve.
Tony winced, obviously that was not something easily said, or easily heard from a woman he had loved, a woman that he loves, and how ever much strength it took her to say it was enough to say she was likely right, Pepper was always right. Instead of actual words, he just nodded, finishing the buttons on his suit jacket.
"Mom says she can't go out." Tony announced as he stepped off the elevator onto the floor of his office, and Natasha at her desk in front of it. "I begged, I pleaded, she said no way, now how could she possibly be seen having fun."
"This will eventually blow over." Pepper breathes out to Steve before shifting to Tony. "Christine will be quiet thanks to the threat of a defamation lawsuit, but the christian protesters have started to group up outside the lobby."
"Then why the hell do we have to explain to teenagers why being prejudice is
Steve opened his eyes as the new sound joined him, he knew that sound well, appreciated it almost. He was here. He did not move from his spot, he knew how this would go, the sound of Iron man landing enough to confirm it.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Just assume anything that frustrates you is female." He found himself leaning back into the couch cushions and let a yawn fall from his lips, hours in the shop finally catching up to him. "Also anything that brings you joy, or goes fast."
"His Instagram has nearly a million followers." Pepper says plainly, before looking at Maria. "Did you see that picture he posted with the Hulk face in the tea leaves? Brilliant."
"It's half past 8 in the morning, sir." J.A.R.V.I.S.'s voice levels had been lowered, at least the guy could take an order. Tony tried again to crack open an eye, this time the pain, though still there, was bearable. Once one eye was open he tried the other one, blinking away the sleep that clouded his vision. "How did I get home?"
She’d said it like it was just an offhand thing, which is funny because Steve’s heart is suddenly the only thing he can hear, beating as fast as it used to when he’d run, before the serum. He can’t be having an asthma attack because he doesn’t have asthma anymore. There’s got to be some other reason for the tightness in his lungs, the way it’s suddenly hard to breathe.
Steve snorts in a way that probably isn’t very attractive. “Is everything a joke to you?” he says fondly.
“And you’re…married?”
Tony found himself living up to his reputation. “Just wait ‘til you see what’s under it,” he said, and there was nothing to do, really, except kiss the scandalized look right off Steve’s face.
“Whether you want to kill me or not, I’m still in a bed with Captain America. This is what awkward pubescent dreams are made of, if you catch my meaning.”
“Safehouse? We’re running away?”
“Not got much of a choice,” Clint mutters.
He lost himself in it a bit, and what was supposed to just be a quick, spur-of-the-moment kiss turned into something long and lingering, making his legs weak.
“Trust me, you’ll feel better if you get a few hours’ shut-eye.”
Tony managed to pull back, and the weight of the whole room’s stares landed squarely on his shoulders.
“I just found out the best friend I thought was dead is actually alive and married,” Steve responds. “Bucky was always—he was part of that life I used to have, back in the 40s. The life I thought I lost. And I just figured, back then was what was real. These days, ever since I woke up, there’s just the job. The mission. Nothing else. But then it turns out Bucky’s gone and got himself a life, that he didn’t make that same choice to leave it all behind. When I was the only poor bastard displaced in time, I never had to wonder if I was doing it right. Now I do.”
“This is my husband,” Nat says, and Tony very nearly chokes on the rest of his sentence.
“Well, you never
“I don’t know,” Steve says. “I’m feeling like this might be a little time sensitive. I’ve only got until they finish making popcorn to figure out how what to say to you, about how I feel.”
“And some people in between,” Tony adds.
“You know what Buck—sorry, James—just said?” Steve says. He lowers himself back onto his side of the bed, but he pulls Tony with him, arranging them so that Tony’s got his head pillowed on Steve’s shoulder. It’s far more comfortable than the mattress had been.
“Kiss him already!” comes Rhodey’s voice from the kitchen. This is what Tony gets, really, for making his tower so open plan. Sound carries.
