Cas pauses to put some lube down where his fingers are in Dean. The slow drag quickly becomes a wet delicious slide that has Cas' fingers accidentally skidding over Dean's prostate, though Dean can tell Cas still not hitting it on purpose.
When dealing with Sam's memories of Lucifer, it had mostly been the grunt work of getting through a vast amount of turmoil at the hands of a cold, impersonal entity. Lucifer had been angry, evil, and had no one but Sam to direct it upon. Sam knew in his heart that Lucifer was the devil, it did not feel fair to Sam that Lucifer had tortured him. He was aware that the pain caused to him had been irrational and terrible.
Castiel blushes back, then speaks, “You are correct though. My mother comes out occasionally and brings the things I cannot grow myself. It works well for me.”
Dean has to remind himself to grab the soap and start scrubbing. Even a fucking shower feels like work. Dean can't imagine willingly fussing in the shower like Cas sometimes does with him. How had Dean ever had the energy for face wash and shaving foam and soaping up both him and Cas is beyond him. Every breath feels like work right now.
“Like what Cas? My fucking drinking problem? My fucked up hunts? Tell me, I can fucking handle it,” Dean gritted out.
The little jerks and huffs of Cas' breath are enough to tell Dean where Cas is at after a couple of minutes.
Dean is in practice at shutting thoughts like these down, so he ignores the inkling but grabs a pair of tennis shoes to go for a jog.
He tuned into the prayers which people sent out into the open. He heard longing, he heard pain. But he also heard praise, and wonder and thankfulness. Too often he forgot that the trust in the divine was unlike any other. He wondered to himself vaguely if there would ever be anyone who he trusted like these humans, who laid their lives out for something they couldn't even be assured existed.
"Why do you think that you are in charge of choosing what you deserve from me?" Cas grumbles, "Is that not my prerogative?"
Dean takes the suggestions without hesitation, nodding and scooting away from his plate. Cas grabs it before Dean can try to wash it himself.
"Did I make the wrong choice? Should I have said something? Did I fuck us up?" Dean wonders, suddenly vulnerable.
Cas is warm against him and Dean feels his chest squeeze hard again. Cas' lips are chapped like Dean has imagined. He tastes like shitty coffee and ozone and morning breath.
He's digging his thumb into the tiny horns on the amulet, his head downturned as he tries not to let his eyes fill with tears. It's almost overkill to cry now. Dean doesn't even know if he'd be able to pinpoint exactly what he's crying for.
His dark hair is unruly, and sparking with magic. His lips part with muttered words and his brow furrows occasionally in concentration. His skin is a tanned and his cheeks rough from a few days unshaven.
Cas frowned and spoke slowly, “No, I could feel them. I could see them. That is why I was as you say, “out of commission” for a few months afterward.”
In all honesty, Dean had hoped his new job at SynCorp the last year would have been enough for Cas to be ready, but unfortunately, he wasn't making nearly as much as Cas did.
Sometimes Dean will tell him a story that feels insignificant— like about Sam and him and how they fought over who got a certain themed plastic toothbrush when they were children.
But instead of making a joke, Dean actually elaborated, “Sammy is always so unwilling to let himself move away from hunting now. When he was younger he drove me up a wall, always complaining about having to clean the guns, or trying to take a break from researching to do math problems.”
Dean has the upper hand. He can study Cas carefully, control the speed, the weight, the angle of his thrusts, and the pressure of his fingernails along Cas' ribs. He can make sure Cas is okay too— watch his reactions for any sign of discomfort or frustration. From the top, Dean can focus on making sure Cas reaches his orgasm like falling: weightless and floaty and rushing for as long as Castiel can handle it. Sometimes longer than he can, if Dean has him pinned the right way. Not some half-hearted head-spin from a handjob, or a quickly swallowed blow-down-the-throat (though Dean loves that too).
"It was tough, Cas. I was trying to keep it together. I was trying to get so when you got home, I'd have it all together, be perfect for you. Trying to haul ass at work too."
Dean wakes up to an empty bed. He is surprised— Cas seemed to adamant they stay close last night. Although he's feeling better physically, the whole situation sends off a couple warning bells in his head as he wakes up a bit more.
Dean remembers the blind panic feeling every time something went wrong, every time someone got to close to all the fucked up stuff in his life. He realizes suddenly that he doesn't feel that panic so much anymore— things are better than they have ever been. He mourns the fact that during that time he could have been feeling safe too.
Dean wakes up at 3 am because he can't cool off. He still hasn't closed the windows and turned on the air, and Chicago is 85 degrees that evening.
Castiel could hear the self-deprecation in Dean's words, and it made his heart hurt a little. Cas was well aware of John Winchester's... less than liberal parenting choices. At the same time, Cas knew Dean was still working on seeing some of John's actions for what they really were: abuse. Cas had learned that sometimes it could be difficult for humans to recognize that abuse was occurring when the person who was hurting them made them feel like it was their own fault, or when that person was someone they deeply cared about.
Sam smiled at him, “You realize you still do that, right? Protecting people from danger, being of help to Dean and I, you do more good than you know. And now, you get to choose the good you do as well.”
Dean wonders sometimes if Dad ever really loved him or Sammy. He could remember a time when John was a grilling, dad-joke telling guy— but it was mostly clouded over with the John that Dean had to deal with up until their father died.
p.s. if you wanna feel fucked up while reading this section, loop Bon Iver’s “Babys” and read! That’s what I listened to while I wrote!
Cas’ thrusts slow as they come down, just lazy rolls of hips to feel where Dean is now sloppy wet. He uses where he has Dean pinned to hold him while he reaches up and frees Dean’s hands. He checks both wrists, then eases his arms down to prevent the shock of blood rushing into them.
“Let me take care of them?” Cas says casually, but his eyes burn with guilt, and Dean nods without hesitation.
Dean is unwilling to be like his mother was, blind to how her ability to channel magic was far beyond his Father’s uncertain and cool energy. Dean could feel how powerfully his mother could move magic about, without a point of contact just as Dean— just concentration and a steadfast mind.
Cas esses another finger in, slowly spreading the two and wiggling them like he's playing around and Dean's dick isn't leaking and hanging awkwardly between his legs.
Cas pulls back, tugging himself free of Dean's grip and grabbing at Dean's hips to get him, feet in the air, back flat and cock lazily resting against his stomach. Cas grips his dick, grabbing one of Dean's ankles and looking down at him as though he's some sort of gay offering.
He heads upstairs to find Dean wavering at the foot of the bed, his hands tangled in the fabric of his shirt like he can't decide whether he wants to take it off. He's in his boxers now, Castiel notes, to his happiness. Hopefully, Dean can get back to being comfortable around him.
Cas can hear Dean shuffling around upstairs, and he panics a little. Cas isn't sure Dean would be so happy that Cas called his brother, after what Dean told him at breakfast.
“Cas,” Dean said hoarsely, cutting him off, his eyes closed, refusing to meet Cas’, even as Cas held his chin, “Don’t. I can’t. Please—“
"Not with you on top either," Cas informs him, sitting calmly, "And not until you agree to stop trying to hurt yourself."
Cas laughs at this, "I have nothing planned. What do you have in mind? I want to be sure we are not walking into any surprises."
“So that’s why he’s been happier lately.  Are you going to tell him?” Sam asked, grabbing back his plate of healthiness and shoving a bite into his mouth.
"I know this might not make a lot of sense right now, but I want to talk to you about some things," Castiel says.
So when the bunker’s door snicked close, Castiel felt confident that he and Dean would be okay for the next day of just the two of them.
Cas is reaching down to grab Dean's wrist so Dean drops Cas' thigh and gathers both of Cas' hands in his own to hold them in a bruising grip. Cas doesn't really need to be held down, the indication of pulling his hands away was enough. But Dean presses Cas's hands down to his chest, effectively immobilizing him as his other hand works Cas's cock and his hips continue to snap against Cas' thighs.
Dean starts to fuck down faster as he gets closer, and then, "Cas, I'm gonna. Cas if you don't stop I'm gonna—"
And once he was manifesting as a bear, having his chin rested on a witch or wizard as they actively pushed magic from within them— within them! Dean could think of nothing else more intoxicating, nothing more intimate and fulfilling than helping with casting. Dean was damn good at it, and he wanted to keep doing what he was made for until the day he died.
Dean had tried! But Cas had been adamant that Dead did not give himself enough credit. Cas had been pushy and confident in his love, and Dean wasn't stupid enough to not take a good thing when he wanted it.
Castiel knows the difference between Dean giving during sex and Dean being a masochist. Dean Winchester is an indulgent lover, often because taking care of his partner gets him off too. But Dean is also not above using sex as a tool to make himself hurt. Dean will push his own boundaries as if to give his self-deprecating thoughts a voice.
Castiel made a decision, “Yes Dean. Maybe Sam has decided that the normal he wants is his family, who understands him and protects him.”
Dean and Cas had agreed: no adoption until they had enough money to provide college funds for their kids.
Dean lets out a moan. The new position puts him face down on the bed, even further exposed so Cas can reach everything better. The manhandling shoots little tingles up his spine. He struggles at the ties a little to try and readjust but finds that he's completely at Cas' mercy, which is hot in itself.
The agent they've been assigned to is shooting Dean an email to let him know that they may very likely run into trouble getting their applications passed due to Dean's "criminal record".
Dean closes a tight grip around the base of his cock, and bites his lip so hard it hurts, stopping his orgasm so that it peters off into little shocks around his body.
Dean has to shake his head. What the fuck? This person is clearly in a state of disarray, and here’s Dean, half hard on the side of a road imagining fucking someone he’s never even met. Someone who’s age, gender, and sexuality he hasn’t the faintest inkling of.
"I need to take a parenting class. I want to make sure they love it here, that they feel safe after everything they've been through. We're going to need to start looking for a doctor for them both and I haven't even looked into taking a CPR class yet," Cas rattles.
Sam came out of his room with red-rimmed eyes. His hands were shaking and his shoulders slumped with what appeared to be defeat. Dean was on him like a moth to flame, asking what was wrong and letting out a long sigh when Sam gave him the puppy eyes.
After about ten minutes, Cas was wrapped up in the execution of a sleeping spell and barely heard the shuffling of feet as someone passed through the hallway on their way to the kitchen.
“Uh-hh,” Dean’s breath comes out in harsh pants, his body quivering as he deals with the sensations. His eyes are hooded.
“Your homemade wine? That stuff is too sweet for me, Castiel, your mother had a bottle last Christmas— oh, here I’ve got to go, talk soon, I’ll see you tomorrow,” Balthazar says, “Bye-bye, Castiel!”
His spells sold for good money, but relatively low demand. Custom spells just weren’t as necessary any longer. Castiel had a small staff of two young witches, Charlie and Dorothy, and a human delivery boy from a local high school who was eager to please called Sam.
"Is that ok?" Cas checks, but Dean is already breathing out an affirmation and shoving the blankets to the side so he can flip over and tuck his knees to his chest.
They all make it to the kitchen once bags have been dragged through the front door. Cas gets out cups and a pitcher of awfully bright powdered lemonade which they all drink too fast.
Cas looks very happy to hear this, kisses Dean once and says, "Nonetheless. We'll start small. How about..."
"That's fine, I've probably had worse," Dean glanced up half-heartedly, an eyebrow quirked but barely caring.
“Wait, holy shit, you already found them? How old are they? Are you guys for sure going to get them?”
"Sam, it's not either of your faults that your lives have taken this path. Your pursuit of helping others leaves you deserving of things that are good. If a woman is willing to put herself in harm's way because she loves you, you should not stop her. Besides, perhaps you can live a life that walks the line, like the two of you have dreamed up for you”.
John is gripping the steering wheel. He is silent. He slows the Impala to a stop, pulling off onto the gravel shoulder with a crunch and a rumble of engine.
Cas lets him— shushes the noises he lets free and runs his hands down Dean's back and through his hair. Cas lets him hide into his lap and let it out until he's exhausted.
Castiel rounds on his stool. His heart pounds in his chest. Who is calling him? Not his mother, they had a set day to see each other. The shop? No, they sent news with the human boy Sam when he came biweekly for picking up deliveries.
Cas obeys, sucking air in uncertainly through his nose and then pressing out in huffs through his lips. Dean obnoxiously demonstrates the pattern, trying to get Cas to match his breathing with Dean's.
"Thanks man," he said, his hand coming up to rest on Cas' shoulder, a gesture which was unusual for Dean, but well received by everyone else in the room. Cas forced himself not to lean into the warmth of Dean's calloused palm.
He's finally past the point of pleasantries— they've gotten through all of the history. It feels weird to Dean to just tell and not listen in return. He's never been the first one to talk whenever he gets chatty about his feelings.
Cas knows he should be quicker to scold—Dean wasn't supposed to linger on the underwear—but it's hard to remember that sort of thing when Dean Winchester is getting his boxers damp with spit.
So, Dean was ready to fill out adoption papers whenever, but Cas was steadfast on the college fund thing.
Cas grabs a fresh set of sheets, a quilt and one of those king-sized soft blankets from the linen cabinet.
Cas connects one end of both pairs of cuffs at a good few foot's lengths from one another. He wants to have everything go smoothly when he finally gets Dean here.
Castiel suddenly realizes he is right on the edge of an orgasm. It is rushing at him with surprising gusto. Cas has to let go of one of Dean’s hips to get a hand around the base of his cock—but in the process some of Dean’s weight shifts to the left cuff that is holding Dean to the bar. To catch the weight, Cas steps forward into his next thrust, pinning Dean roughly to the wall and slamming into his prostate off rhythm.
"I'm afraid to just call all of this shit depression and pretend like it’s not my fault, like I couldn't have done something better," Dean explains.
Dean wonders if Cas' face looks the way it sounds when he says in awe, "Do you like that? Are you ok?"
Dean watches as Cas disappears into the house. He listens as the cicadas chirp all around them, the train rumbling by around the corner. The sky is clear, so he can see some light pollution coming up from downtown even though they can’t see the skyline from their patio. He looks around at his little family, chatting happily and wonders how he got so lucky.
“At the store. She said she wanted to get some stuff for an embroidery project,” Sam told him, pressing down.
Castiel had shown up to lunch, sex-haired and tan, and halfway through, Dean found himself asking, "Would you... want to get dinner sometime?"
Dean fidgeted when Castiel had prompted him to explain, but agreed that they needed to talk about it. Cas was not comfortable to proceed with anything unless Dean would be clear about what might make him freeze up.
Dean's brain sort of— clicks. Cas is having trouble with mental health issues right here right now. Just like Dean has had trouble with some things lately, Cas also struggles.
That night, Dean lets Cas order him to his knees and blindfold him, before choking Dean with his dick. Then, Cas gets Dean to fuck him and breathes praises into Dean's ears. Dean comes so hard he swears he sees stars.
Cas stared back, determined. There was nothing Sam could say, no uncertainties, no frustrations that could change his mind. Even if Sam swore up and down that Dean would never love Castiel in the same way, Cas could continue to exist like that. It would be worth it just to have Dean know that Cas cared about him.
Dean nods, gripping his dick and settling a natural rhythm, his thighs trembling slightly and his eyes fighting to stay open.
Cas had never had the desire to call Dean a slut in bed, and he didn't see that changing anytime soon. He told Dean, "Of course not. If I ever say something that makes you feel that way, say the word and I will stop."
Dean is winding down into sub-space, and Cas can tell. He's pushing back into his fingers, unconsciously thrusting forward for nonexistent friction without care. He's relaxed his jaw and throat to let Cas in deep, tonging at him, his eyes blinking open to look up at Cas with that
Dean was shaking his head and squirming like he desperately wanted to get away when he said “Fuck you Cas, I can’t handle the lies, you know I can’t.”
Castiel continued with more confidence then, “I figured that if I could take on the havoc which Lucifer placed on your soul, I was more than capable of taking on some of the — feelings which seemed to be clouding up around Dean and redirect them into my grace so I could assist him as well but—”
"Actually," Cas lets out a humorless chuckle, "I just got home. Italy was wonderful, and there aren't even words for Milan's beauty."
Dean knows that it won't take long, hell, just a few good strokes to his cock and he'd probably shoot off and sleep better than he has in months.
The magic is met with metaphorically open arms. The familiar receives it calmly and lets it flow back in a loop, stable and clear instead. Castiel feels himself start to calm down out of instinct— it feels so good to get magic so pure and cared for in return. Castiel has to remind himself to be on guard rather than take this magic and start using it. It is rare that Cas is able to get his hands on this much magic that is so steady.
Dean is a pushover. He let his dad walk over him and Sammy his whole life and look how that ended up— Dean in a low-level position, not even starting his career until he's 28.
Cas looks confused and hurt, but strangely knowing, looking at Dean like he knows Dean is a fuck up already, "What do you mean?"
“I am too, Cas. Honestly, it reminded me of the conversation we had the other day. I think you were right about us being more purposeful about what we deserve. Haven’t we all suffered long enough?”
He licks his lips and considers the taste before hauling Dean's hips forward and looking up at Dean with those glittering eyes.
"What makes you think I have any intention of stopping?" Cas growls in his ear, using the weight of his body to shove in a particularly rough thrust.
“Well you’re going to. You can’t just rely on Cas for all of this. He’s trying his best, you know,” Sam scolds.
Cas kisses up Dean's body, sinking down on him with a thigh pressed between his legs. He hums sweetly, recognizes and pushes past Dean's insecurities, kissing him deep like it's love.
Hopefully, Dean would be able to find something. The economy was in a surprising upswing, and although Cas had voted against the current party in office (he was certain the economic upturn was either unrelated or based in short-term policy) he would admit that things were still looking good for Dean's career.
"I think I am going to be in suits most of the time. Italy will be hot, but I assume their warehouses will be air-conditioned," Cas rambles.
"I am not aroused by you in pain, Dean. Unless it is pain that you enjoy," Cas tells him once he pulls away, "Frankly, I am more worried about what your actions say about how you are feeling and your blatant disregard for your own boundaries."
He thinks—maybe Cas is talking to him? He feels his arms and legs being stretched out from their awkward position, but he's still too on-top-of-the-world to care. Someone wipes at his stomach and between his thighs and Dean tries to open his eyes but fails and reaches out to try to grab Cas instead.
Dean lets go of his dick instantly, giving Cas time to breathe. Dean gives it a gentle squeeze, then puts his lube-slick hand to work on his own dick.
Dean quirks an eyebrow, glancing at Cas' dick. Dean doesn't mind the taste of lube, but it certainly isn't needed for a good blowjob.
Cas waits until Dean whispers "Please," to start jacking him fast, up towards the top like Dean likes, his other hand finding and teasing against Dean's balls.
“You’ll have to send pictures. See if we can get them to come up for a weekend too,” Dean says excitedly.
(Cas is trying to squirm away because of the overstimulation, but Dean knows how strung out this makes Cas, how it leaves his mind blank and his body floaty all over. Dean has half a mind to tie Cas up to the bed frame and touch him until he is begging Dean to stop.)
He emails a few experts asking about his non-felony criminal record and adoption. Everyone tells him something similar: it's super situational. Sometimes it’s a problem, other times it’s not even a part of the conversation.
“Nothing bad Dean. We just talked about the future. I have kind of decided that I was being rash earlier. It doesn’t make sense to ignore what Eileen and I have just because I’m afraid. She’s what I want, and the fact that she fits into the life… well, that doesn’t hurt either,” Sam explained.
The bear is a bit smaller than black bears he has seen in the woods about his home. It is watching him carefully with eyes that are almost human. Its fur is sleek and clean, like it is used to being cleaned frequently.
in Dean, and he flinches away, his body stiff with the finally setting in realization that Cas just got home. Cas is home, and now it's time to tell him all about the shitty stuff Dean has done.
Claire is looking a little worse for wear. She looks tired. She's got a couple of bruises on her shins that Dean regards sharply, carefully greeting Claire and giving her a smile. He is going to get this kid feeling safe if it takes his life.
This should not be a surprise, both Naomi and Carver were fantastic with magic, owners of many apothecaries across the pacific northwest of the United States. They were known for fantastic management and clean magic. Rather than have many small apothecaries with unreliable service, Naomi had turned magic into a chain, allowing small towns to franchise a Novak apothecary as well. The chain had brought magic users the supplies they need at ease for decades.
“Last month, after that one Clown hunt in Indiana, if you recall, I healed your side,” Castiel began.
Dean's brain freezes up a bit, like he should be considering whether to fight or fly. Fuck, is that actually what this is? He knows he had been vaguely thinking that this could be something like that, but really? Dean pulls his face from Castiel's lap, "Depression?"
That hurt a little. Dean knew Cas loved him, but Dean's livelihood in this nice house, with their eating out and fancy hobbies was most definitely supported by Castiel's income.
Cas notices Dean's discomfort instantly— this particular position is always hit or miss with them. Castiel adores how it connects them intimately and knows it can often end in Dean whining and begging. But this isn't one of those times, this is a time where it's just a little too much for Dean to handle: he's already raw with the idea that Cas is going to be leaving tomorrow.
Cas slides his fingers down Dean's ribs languidly and Dean shivers, so Cas copies the movements but digs his nails in this time, causing Dean to let out a little moan.
Dean is half-hard in his jeans now, his dick jumping up at these suggestions, and Dean presses his thighs together and squirms.
Wanting to have something to do, Cas busies himself with sucking a mark at Dean's collarbone. He only pulls away to whimper, "Close."
Laura's eyebrows rise and she straightens up, considering. Then she speaks, "Should you have said something? Yes. Did you choose wrong? I don't think it really matters, Dean. You definitely are not fucked up, neither is Sam. And even if you were, you weren't the person calling the shots. You were a child."
"Miss how you get all wrapped around me when we sleep. Miss waking up to you sucking my dick. Miss watching how your eyelashes flutter and your ass — damn I miss your ass," Cas is rambling, making his way to curl back up in his own bed.
He actually gets it up in the shower. He gets one arm against the shower, the other between his legs and does his best to coax an orgasm out of himself. It's weak, though he's thinking of Cas and probably pretty pent up. It feels like more trouble than it's worth, and Dean wonders what's going on with him. He's never had trouble jerking off before.
Castiel is steadfast about the both of them sleeping in their bed again. He doesn't even make the couch an option. He helps Dean up off the couch as it gets to be later, telling him not to worry about their dinner dishes (Mac and cheese), and that he'll meet Dean upstairs.
“I am out here by myself for a reason. When I use magic I tend to… get out of hand. As you’ve seen,” Cas explains, his voice quiet.
"It's fucking stupid, Cas. So fucking stupid, I can't believe it’s even something that I kept from you, I should have told you, I should have come clean before we got married, I should have told you—"
Cas is nowhere near coming now, but he's still hard, and he's wet with precum and lube. Cas lets out a breath at the quicker pace Dean sets this time.
Cas' eyes are watery when he pulls his hands away from his face. Dean's heart aches— he never wants to see his husband cry. It hurts ever fucking time.
"What if one of them chokes? Or drowns! I need to be trained to know what to do if that happens. It's my responsibility— they're my responsibility I've got to—"
Dean is also starting to become frustrated. Why can't Cas just listen and tell him that shit is going to be ok? Why is he making a big deal about Dean having to do it?
Dean ties up loose ends for work as quickly as he can and pacifies Cas with vague and fabricated texts that tell of work on his car, new exciting things at his job and drinks with coworkers.
"Had a good day at work today. Arla is super excited about the project Benny and I have been proposing— I think it's going to pay off. And I'm actually excited about it."
Cas kisses him chastely, wiping them both down with a t-shirt that's on the bed. Cas rolls to the left and drags Dean so they're tucked chest to chest. Dean buries his face in Cas' neck.
Cas makes a soft noise, tilting his head a little. Dean flips to his stomach, perching his chin on Cas’ chest.
Cas comes down the stairs a little damp from his recent shower. He’s nice and tan, his dark hair a total mess and his biceps pushing at the sleeves of one of Dean’s shirts.
His clear head translates into his work. He just got back feedback for his and Benny's proposal and it had been gushing with excitement for their next steps. Their manager was impressed that Dean had been able to directly apply some of the things he learned at the last workshop.
In the morning they awake entangled in each other. Dean feels much better than the day prior, well-rested and calm.
So now, Dean is kind of melancholy to watch Cas pack up his blue striped tie— it’s the one he wore to their rehearsal dinner (and the one he tied Dean up with for a scene a couple of weeks ago). He is glum because soon he will be the only one living in the blue house on Sunnyside.
Dean and Sam had been tight on money. In a big way. Dad had been "out of town" or something for months. They were doing fine, really. Dean had been paying rent and utilities with the money he had been making, but they desperately needed a new computer for them to share. Their old one couldn't connect to the internet anymore and that was how Sam could access his school shit. Dean was tired of going to the library every time he needed wireless connection. That was also how Dean applied for fucking work and paid the water bill!
Cas gathers dishes from around the kitchen as he was cooking, putting things away here and there and spraying down the countertops to get the room smelling clean.
"I am sorry, Dean. I should have been communicating with you more clearly," Cas tells him, "Do not doubt that I want to scene with you. I am just trying to gauge what you are up for."
Dean has always been a bit of a baby when he gets sick, but Castiel enjoys taking care of him. He wishes Dean had said something sooner, Cas could have been on a plane a few days earlier had he known.
Cas, oddly, blushes and hides his face in Dean's neck. Usually, Cas is so blunt and unembarrassed, so Dean has to remind himself that he just fucked Cas into the bed while holding down his wrists.
They pick up them from Sheila's in the Impala. Jack is practically vibrating with excitement in a t-shirt that looks one size too small.
"You've been distant all week! I'm barely getting one word answers and you haven't called since like last Thursday."
"Really?" Cas asks excitedly, coming around the table again to look at the message, "Let's try to set up a time to meet them!"
"So good, Cas—- move," Dean stutters. He isn't sure whether he's hoping to get Cas moving, or hoping to get another smack across his ass, but he really doesn't care either way.
Besides that, could Cas really love Dean and be happy if they couldn't? Does Dean believe that? Even after all the work Cas has done to make kids possible?
Dean likes watching Cas' dick twitch, getting all red and needy. He's orgasmed, yes, but it was pretty weak, and Dean knows the next one is going to be earth shattering.
As they kiss, Cas fumbles around for his approved pillow-lube and finds it amongst the sheets. He slicks up a hand without breaking their kiss, but pulls away to speak.
“I think you should go,” Dean said after the long moment. His eyes stayed squeezed shut, his hands clenched into fists at his sides.
They stand, hand in hand as the music starts to swell from the radio. Cas tugs one hand and begins to sway, pulling Dean's arms back and forth a little to get him to move.
He misses a life routine. He misses his family, the way that he used to be able to go to the store, or work on his baby outside a motel. He misses joking around.
Dean ends up deciding that in the grand scheme of things, what makes him important is that he knows this. He decides that it’s really okay that he isn’t any of those things.
Cas had gently eased Dean on top of him. He had been entranced to watch Dean's freckled, tan thighs flex and bend as he slowly eased himself down, trembling. Cas' eyes had been glued to the spot where they were joined, ridiculously intimate slide of skin.
Cas seems to think on this for a moment before he speaks, “I think our parents teach us what to do as much as they teach us what not to do.”
Dean's brain is firing off a bunch of different and confusing things. Part of him is proud— obviously this is a result of his healthy eating and careful exercise regimen. Another part of him is screaming alarm— Dean has lost a lot of muscle mass, a lot of bulk. He's never been a guy to want to be lean or skinny, he just wanted to lose some of the lower belly pudge.
Dean groans. He hates Cas’ stupid afterglow-wrecking alarm. It makes a cheerful chirping tune as it alerts them of their post-coital nap’s end.
Dean takes quite a few days off here and there too. His job is happy to accommodate, his manager getting all gooey eyed when she heard that he and Cas had adopted. Dean takes them to Chinatown to their favorite noodle place for lunch. Jack gets broth absolutely everywhere. Dean takes them to the zoo, on walks. They just… sit on the couch and chat sometimes.
“We met them just a few weeks ago. Claire is fourteen and Jack is nine. We are pretty much guaranteed if things go smoothly,” Cas takes a breath and laughs, “You have a lot of questions.”
Cas makes the bed, then tosses the duffle that has been sitting on the floor under the bed. That's not something he wants to think about.
"Dean?" Cas asks as he watches Dean flinch, suddenly worry is in his eyes, and he leans back to give Dean some space.
Left with bubbles, and getting to the scarring stage on the wound, Cas quickly tried to hurry the process, moving the fading to his own entity with very little problem. Years of Dean's guilt and discomfort slithered into Cas, seeming to make a home in his chest. They curled and buried themselves in his heart, and Cas clenched his jaw to try and stop the little whimper of sadness that rose to his lips.
Cas sends him upstairs to change while he orders himself something to eat. Cas leaves the awareness that the house is practically bare of food unspoken.
Dean heads upstairs to change, then comes down in soft sweatpants and a threadbare t-shirt, throwing himself against Castiel and down onto the couch. Cas makes a little "oof", then chuckles, scratching his nails through Dean's hair and down his back. Dean shivers at this, face pressed into Castiel's chest.
Cas suddenly wonders if that’s why Dean's been distant for a couple of weeks. Perhaps he has been under the weather.
Dean's flu slowly dies down into achy muscles and a sore throat. Cas presses Tylenol and cold medicine, encouraging Dean to sleep and eat and hydrate. Dean starts to feel more like himself, cracking a few jokes and turning on a movie he had bookmarked on HBO that he thought Castiel would like.
Dean laughed, "God no. I love getting fucked, you know that. But, just-- riding? Maybe I can work up to that," he finished nervously.
Cas' fingers make their way to Dean's asshole, and he brushes them over it in a way that makes Dean shiver a little. Cas's other hand finds Dean's dick between his legs, checking to make sure Dean is doing ok, but also just loosely fisting him to get Dean worked up.
He feels himself pulled onto his stomach and onto a warm chest which defiantly helps the sting of his butt. He snuggles down and lets himself drift a little.
“I have Thai food that’s going to be delivered in a few minutes. We should head downstairs. How are you feeling?” Cas asks.
After Balthazar hung up on him, Cas had been in a panic realizing that his only guest room was surely covered in a shocking amount of dust and a plethora of odds and ends. Even worse, the garden, a sign of a wizard’s strength and energy, was in disarray, organized like his higgledy-piggledy mind. He started to clean carefully, hands and magic together trying desperately to calm himself and get things in order.
Dean lit up Lebanon himself. He tapped the wheel of his car with the beat of whatever song he had put on — “Ted Nugent, Cas, the dude is a LEGEND” — and took the curves to the highway with sparkling eyes.
Cas' hum becomes a moan as Dean speeds up the thrusts of his hands, jerking Cas quick in between each.
Dean is pulled from these thoughts by Castiel's mouth on his ass, sucking a hickey into the flesh. Dean's never had a hickey on his ass before, but he's definitely not complaining.
Claire had gotten her license a few weeks ago. Just because Dean taught her to drive on the Impala doesn’t mean he wants her driving around in his baby all the time. Especially since it doesn’t have airbags. It’s for Claire’s safety and baby’s.
Cas has to shake his head to clear it. He cannot help but feel his lips pull up in a smile of disbelief at Dean’s statement.
Dean lets out a fresh bout of tears when he realizes that Becky and Chuck are bound to hate Dean soon too.
His fingers falter on Castiel’s wrist, and suddenly, insecure, Castiel lets go of Dean, his own hand hanging loosely in Dean’s grasp.
“Dean, are you mad because Cas was ‘all up in your head’ or are you maybe mad because he had to deal with your “shitty emotions”?” Sam asked him point-blank, using air quotes.
“I understand what you are saying Sam. I am certainly aware that Dean is… unusually hard on himself, but I suppose I have never thought that I was as well. It is rather hypocritical of me to be concerned with his feelings when I have been rather irresponsible with my own.” Cas told Sam.
But if he does pick up, what would he say? He has no way to predict who might be on the other end of the line. If he spent all this time worrying over a robot telemarketer, he’d beat himself up after. If it is someone, however... they would find him confused and unable to have a conversation like a normal wizard adult.
When Castiel discovered he was able to redirect emotional suffering, he was at first ecstatic. Not only could be of help to Sam, but he had discovered a way in which he could be of use again. Even if he wasn't welcome home in heaven, he could do as much for humanity as he had once taken pride in doing.
Annabell was in the kitchen when Dean arrived, humming and smiling and following a recipe for butterscotch bars that were in her mother’s handwriting. She smiled at Dean, and he could almost forget, for a moment, that he and Cas were barely speaking. It felt good that they had won, for once.
“Well of course there isn’t service, what with you living in the middle of nowhere if your mother has been honest with me!” Balth laughs.
He loved Cas when he quirked his brow in confusion, he loved Cas when he mistook spices, or when he had to question why the newest Star Wars movie wasn’t as good as the old ones. Dean was sure at this point that he loved Castiel, but had never really thought about confronting it. He most certainly hadn't been planning on confessing something like that afternoon in the Impala! Dean hadn’t expected his love to ever be voiced.
“I’m glad you didn’t. I think Dean deserves to be loved by someone who isn’t afraid to love him,” Sam told Cas.
Dean takes a new job, starting in two weeks. The one with good family benefits, a similar salary. Time off is pretty gracious because they're a well-established non-profit.
So, when his therapist, Laura, suggests that perhaps Dean hasn't come to understand exactly how wrong those things were, Dean is defensive.
Dean is realizing quickly that there's no way this is going to stay under wraps if they're going to be able to adopt a kiddo. Dean should have fucking told Cas about this earlier, just explained about the situation.
"You should really be in bed Dean," Cas scolds, "If you've been sick for a while it's important you're getting enough rest and—"
Two that Zach had sent him, and three that Dean had applied for on his own. Hell, one of those three is one that Dean had thought it was ridiculous to even apply for.
Dean's mouth is dry. On his back means looking Cas in the eye, but on his knees means he's even more open and vulnerable.
Cas knew that Dean deserved someone willing to jump into this with him— and Cas was! He just needed time. Time to make sure they were making the right decision, giving the child a good place to come home to.
“No, I don’t. What do you mean, Dad, because I’m starting to get the feeling you don’t think my job is worthwhile.”
John revs the engine and pulls back onto the road with a squeal of tires, zipping away from where he has left Dean, standing in the cool summer breeze, sky gray and trees darkening the forest around him.
Plus, one of Dean's favorite sights was watching Cas play with Abby, who was their neighbors' kid. Cas was always so lit up, with that gummy smile and deadpan humor that seemed to get him in kid's good-graces in an instant. Dean couldn't even imagine how it would feel to have himself, Cas, and a couple of kids and call it a
Dean laughs darkly at Sam’s puppy eyes. Leave it to Sam to reduce all of Dean’s messy thoughts and feelings to “self-worth stuff”.
Cas thought Dean was kind? And intelligent? Who the hell did Castiel have him confused with? Dean was a good for nothing womanizer with a GED, a give-them-hell attitude, and a death wish.
“Is that what you need to talk to him about? Are you going to tell him what you did?” Sam asked, shoving his plate further aside to rest his elbows on the table.
Dean chews his lips and blushes a pretty red, before snuggling into Cas' neck and whispering, "Okay. Thanks."
Castiel talks all the way home about how intelligent Jack is, how carefully generous Claire is. How sweet and personable the two do them are. Dean can't help but relish in how perfect it is all starting to seem.
To Dean's credit, he feels as though he's come a significant way in understanding that this sort of behavior isn't normal from an adult. He had figured out in late middle school that what he was experiencing wasn't supposed to be something his father did. It was hard to fit into his brain because honestly, some of his peers had told him of similar experiences— their neighborhood wasn't a good one.
"Oh yeah. And well 'cause," Dean raised his fingers up to do air quotes, something he had picked up from Cas, ""No Winchester takes it up the ass like a little
Dean lets his thrusts get deeper, picking up speed and seeing that Cas is live-wire strung out. Cas is almost too close to coming for Dean to make this orgasm one of those explosive, dingo-ate-my-baby-crazy orgasms.
Dean can feel when he starts to cry. His eyes water, then drip down his cheeks, then his nose gets stuffy. Pretty soon his chest is heaving. He's really crying and sobbing and blubbering.
Cas's other hand is easing three fingers in and out of his hole now, and Dean knows that Cas is itching to fuck him because Cas has stopped even approaching his prostate, he's just getting Dean loose enough to take his cock.
Then he notices instantly that things aren’t sticking correctly. Something has the wizard on edge. His magic tucks a brick back into place only for it to fall moments later. Mushrooms are organized into one place only for more to pop up haphazardly.
“No, you promised you would stay the fuck out of my head!” Dean retorted, backing away from Castiel.
Dean can smell Castiel from how close he's standing. He can't seem to stop looking into Cas' eyes now, which is crazy because usually, he avoids it at all costs.
Dean feels like he's high. Like he's 16 and smoking pot with some kids from high school. Like he's twenty-three and Sam's in school and he's just taken a line of coke off some girl's countertop to feel something. Except for this time, when Dean's pulled to the edge, he's happy to be there.
"Some lady saw them. She was my manager at one of my jobs and saw that I had a bunch of really bad bruising. She tried to get me to admit that it was dad and I wouldn't."
“I am glad they’re a little older. That way they can agree to live with us and understand why it’s happening,” Cas tells them.
Dean is red in the cheeks and it's easier to make an affirmative noise and nod into the bed than it is to speak.
Cas sighs, "You know I like it very much when you take control and push me a little harder— after I orgasm?"
"It would be nice to have a conversation and ask if they want to come live with us," Cas had mused when they first talked about adoption.
He remembers the way the sky is hazy outside. The necklace that's lying in a heap of blankets on his camping cot. The softness of Sam's old sweater and the roughness in comparison of Cas' hands and stubble.
Castiel FaceTimes him every few days. Cas always looks exhausted but is excited about his job anyways. Cas says the project is going exceptionally well— the people at the Italian company are relatively young, tech-savvy, and have already kept their data well organized. It sounds like it's Castiel's dream situation when it comes to data integration. Whatever that means.
Dean sees the wall before anything else. It’s hard to make out— there’s ivy and moss growing up stone, dotted here and there with glimpses to the rock. There are enchanted gargoyles, Dean can tell they have charms because they watch as he approaches.
In the next few years, Cas gets a big wig job downtown in the Loop, and Dean finds a position in a start-up in the west loop. Things are good. So good.
Cas just holds him. It's a pretense of dancing, but they're just holding each other, swaying to a song neither of them has ever heard before, and feeling desperate for a million things.
Despite the laughter, Sam was kneeling behind Dean on the bed trying desperately to stop the bleeding on a large gash on Dean's torso. He had a yellow-with-age motel towel held up against, putting pressure on the wound which Cas could even see poking from the side.
They leave Shelia's house with a promise that they will let the agency, Claire, and Jack know soon. Dean winks at Claire on his way out, and Claire's eyes widen like she can't believe it’s actually happening.
But Dean knows he won't get that with Cas unless he asks for it— Castiel's love for Dean may still make Dean's head reel, but he understands now that Cas would never do anything he thought would hurt Dean.
They take the highway to an exit off towards their neighborhood, and the Uber zips down one-ways and under the elevated train-tracks to their suburban looking street in the city. Their little blue house on Sunnyside, with the ash tree out front and the two empty bedrooms that could easily become a spot for kids.
Dean stills his hips for the first few strokes to Cas's cock, mostly to reacclimate him to the touch so he doesn't startle when Dean finally pushes him over the edge.
Dean is too busy sending out emails to see if anyone got video footage of their call yesterday and requesting info from the company they had been working with to stop to eat lunch.
Cas waits until he's all the way in, slow slide easy after the careful prep and the copious amounts of lube. It could help that this might be the most relaxed that Dean has ever been too. Cas still his hips once they're joined.
Cas checks his email for the first time since he got home. He's got a couple of work things to follow up on.
“Like the other day, Jack busted up the coffee table on accident and I didn’t even really give a damn. I swear, they could come home covered in tattoos or with a sugar daddy and I would still do anything to make them happy.”
“Magic reflects your personality, Castiel. If you cannot succeed in controlling it, you may not be a good fit for running the apothecary,” Naomi would say gently, using her own calm energy to fizz out the sparks that had been rushing about Castiel in discomfort and skittishness. Castiel had just continued to stare at the shattered glass bottles he had sitting on the workbench in front of him.
It doesn't take Dean too long today. He's on edge with emotion, he's pinned down under his hot-as-hell husband. It's really no surprise when he's asking, "Oh fuck. Cas I'm going to come, oh god, can I come?"
to. It is more than enough that you are considering that you don’t want to be the bad parts of your father.”
"Listen, Cas," Sam sounds like he's worried, "Do you need me to fly down? I think I've got some extra points with Spirit..."
Claire is strawberry blonde and full of attitude. She's on her guard when she first sees them, but after realizing they're a couple, she warms up more.
Dean finds Castiel sitting on the stairs to the main floor, his elbows on his knees and his cheeks in his hands.
Their gazes meet again, sharper than before, sadder than before. They're so close that Dean can't focus on Cas completely, his vision blurred.
Castiel knows Dean well enough to know that this is Dean leaning into their power dynamic. That Dean will come harder if he has permission and if Cas takes the reigns a little. That giving up control in bed is the one place where Dean can be vulnerable without getting itchy about it.
Dean sits up, taking account of the spots that feel different. His shoulders burn a little as he moves them. His back and ass feel raw with scratches where he touches the sheets. His hips are a bit stiff.
“Sam?” He approached him as he was sitting at the War Table eating a post-run breakfast. Dean had gone over the weekend to deliver some ingredients to Jody, who was trying to untangle a witch mess that Claire and Kaia had gotten themselves into.
Dean was silent for a moment. And then he bit the bullet, “I fucked up Sammy. Bad. We tried to talk and things got out of hand and I pushed him away again.”
He can hear Cas coming too, the way his breathing quickens, and he gets quiet and choked. Cas is always quiet when he's jerking himself off, all controlled and careful.
Dean expects them to just jump into it, maybe Cas will surprise him with some rope, or just shove him to his knees.
Although, Cas wondered if perhaps Dean wouldn’t take this so lightly. Perhaps with years of female lovers, years of John Winchester’s opinions, and numerous heartbreaks, Dean would be unwilling to even consider Cas. Perhaps what Sam believed Castiel deserved didn’t quite reach as far as to his brother and —
Dean let out a low chuckle, "Just because I don't feel like talkin' about stuff doesn't mean I shouldn't."
Castiel's heart aches at the image of a young Sam Winchester, all sweet and smiley, terrified because his big brother was having a tough time. Castiel tries not to think about the suspicions that Sam has just confirmed about his husband too. He tries not to let his stomach fill with rage at the thought of John Winchester laying a single finger on the man that he wants to fill every waking minute with.
“What, sitting around in an underground war bunker with me?” Dean joked, but the laugh didn’t reach his eyes.
He's obviously still healthy, nothing to be worried about. Just a bit jarring to notice a change in how he appears physically.
Dean shakes his head to try and sort the shit going on in it, pulling his eyes from the mirror and forcing himself to go wash up.
Dean blushes under the praise, reaching to the hem of Cas' shirt and tugging it up the back. Once it is off, Cas' skin can press hot to Dean's. Cas eases his hands under Dean's ass, arms hooking under his legs to get a good grip.
The distance from their conversation mentally seemed to do Castiel some good. After about a half an hour he felt his tangled heart start to loosen and his flight instinct begin to reside.
Cas lifts up so he's on his knees behind Dean, holding his hip with one hand, and Dean imagines he is slicking his own dick up with the other.
Dean reaches out and finds a river off to the left side of the road. It’s significant enough that it's rushing with water, bubbling over rocks and fallen trees. He can sense critters along the river and above in the branches.
His texts are sweet and light and apologetic. He sends Dean a paragraph describing the pier near him, and a picture of a few Italian watches he is considering buying Dean. He sends goofy emojis and good morning texts. He texts Dean whenever something reminds him of Dean.
Dean has been on this road many times before. Never walking, but many times. There is quite literally nothing. It’s an old paved road with gravel shoulders, right up against forest so thick that it’s dark even when it’s a sunny day. Dean loves this particular road in the fall when things start to turn at least a little bit. Some things don’t turn, like the pacific silver furs and the red cedars. The madrones and the pacific dogwoods tend to go yellow and orange in late fall.
It’s basically confirmed happening. Cas and Dean get to see Claire and Jack once a week to get to know them as everything falls into place. They agree with the agent not to say anything too set in stone, just in case something falls through.
Cas breathes in the scent of Dean’s hair, reaching for his phone and setting a timer for thirty minutes. He places an order at the local Thai place for delivery, and then fixes his focus on Dean.
Dean is not going to be the reason Cas loses this deal. He's not going to ruin this incredible opportunity in Italy. Dean is not going to live with that weight on his shoulders. He can't ruin yet another thing for Cas. That would just be icing on Dean's fuck up cake. Part of Dean is procrastinating on Cas coming home too— putting off the inevitable way shit is going to hit the fan.
A little while later, Dean jerks awake to the feeling of someone rubbing something into his asscheeks. What the fuck?
"Listen, I gotta go, okay? Seriously, this dude is glaring at me because I'm on the phone, I've gotta go," Dean lies again.
“Oh,” Cas says, remembering something excitedly. He reaches up to the cupboard and grabs out a giant plastic jar, “Sunbutter. I found it at Costco. No more peanut butter in this house.”
Dean had been without any financial help when he went to college (and it was community college, at that), so this had seemed reasonable. It had been mostly Cas' suggestion though; he was the planner of the two of them. Each detail carefully sorted.
Castiel reaches out and tugs the blanket higher to cover Dean's exposed chest. The movement seems to rouse Dean, because suddenly his eyes blink open, green and bright, stunning in the same way Cas remembers.
There is no way of really telling whether Laura is right about this—no trial period for being a loving and caring parent. He’ll have to just trust that if he wasn’t up for this, someone would have said something. And then do his damned best to be the best human being that Claire and Jack could ever expect for a father figure.
Castiel cannot help himself, he reaches out another strand of shaky magic. Who is this? How did this person find him? What does this person want from him, and how did they make it past his magical reinforcements?
This makes Dean smile, “How’d you get limes out here? There’s no way they grow in this type of weather.”
Sam was looking at him as though he was a kicked puppy, “You know Cas has forgiven you for all of that, right?”
His IKEA meatballs didn’t taste as good either because he and Cas had planned on making garlic mashed potatoes and their own jam to go with. He couldn't bring himself to do it alone.
They go to bed early. Dean isn't up for leaving the house, and Cas is still jet lagged. Dean is much better, from what Castiel can see. He's still running a bit of a fever, and he seems exhausted, but Cas isn't worried about him collapsing anymore. He's quiet though. Even though they've talked about things some, Dean is subdued, careful to accept touches rather than give, and only speak when he's needed to.
Cas grabs at the scruff of his neck, yanking his hair and pressing his lips to Dean's hair, "Don't fucking try to take your own pleasure. That's mine."
Dean lets out a surprised choke, he was not fucking expecting that, "Geez, Claire, warn me before you drop a bomb like that," he chokes out.
Cas heads to the bathroom to pee, noticing some of Dean's boxers on the floor, and the medicine box pulled out on the counter. The cough syrup bottle is open, and there is a new box of Tylenol on top of their usual first-aid collection.
He leaps from his workspace, his cloak drifting behind him, still clothed in pajamas and feet bare. He pads nervously to the phone, buried behind a pile of books and papers.
Dean knows they're nearing their breaking point. Sure, if he had Cas tied up and they had talked before hand, maybe he'd push for five or six times to the edge. But as morning sex? He's already gotten Cas close twice. He thinks he's maybe got one more in him before he blows. Dean wouldn't want to keep him waiting much longer than that anyways.
Dean laughs, and Cas settles immediately, “Me? Underestimate the guy who’s got a garden charmed to the nines? With that kind of power you’re packing? The last thing I’d do is underestimate you.”
Dean knows that the tears are from crazy over-stimulation and the floaty space that Cas is in right now, but he still checks,
Dean blows Cas as a wakeup. Castiel is very gentle with him, letting Dean call the shots. Dean tries to get Cas to press his head down, but Cas just shakes his head and comes into Dean's mouth without any manhandling. Dean frowns but is quickly pacified when Castiel gets one had on his dick and the other pressing into his prostate.
Dean registers Cas' lips. The way his cheeks pink up now that he's human. He sees the hair that's growing on Cas' face and the way that Cas' eyes are crinkling half-closed in the low light.
He shook his head exasperatedly, “Your worries, ok? Your doubts, your guilt. Dean, all that loathing, that frustration.”
Finally, Cas spoke up again, "I know you loved and respected your father Dean, but I am in a position in which I believe that many of his actions towards you were unforgivable. You are a good person, with good intentions. Even as a child, your actions likely did not warrant the kind of punishment John gave."
"Sometimes I wonder if my brain is trying to destroy me," Dean finally, sounding like he's deep in thought.
"Unconditional means that there isn't anything you could do to make me want you less. It means that I am sticking with you through the things you think I shouldn't stick with you for. I love you, and I do it without conditions because I think you deserve to be loved for exactly what you are."
“I want you to understand some things about you and me. I cannot live with myself knowing that you feel some of the things I felt in your emotions,” Cas said.
"Not a lot," Cas says, grabbing the sheets to wipe himself clean, "I've got a check-in with Inias and a lunch meeting with the staff of the marketing department. We need to get a plan for internal documents to share with a bunch of their branches to clearly explain the new processes we're using. It'll only work if the employees understand how to use it."
was okay. But the moment they set foot in the RadioShack, the lights had been blown out and they'd had to haul ass before they got ganked by angels.
As a bear, Dean can feel the ins and outs of the magic even more clearly. He is able to almost taste the way it's shifting. It’s not one coherent stream of energy, that is for certain. The guiding part of Dean aches to soothe it, to give it direction. The intent has more potential than anyone Dean has had the pleasure of helping, even as uneasy as it is.
“O-okay,” Cas says, shifting from one foot to another, kicking as the little sprouts squeeze nervously at him.
He likes the open office space, with people chatting and sitting at big conference tables instead of blocky cubicles. He likes that it's in an office north-west of the loop. Even though he has to take a bus now, it's technically closer to home.
Cas chuckles at him, reaching for the bottle of lube on the bedside table, and then dives back in to continue eating Dean's ass. One of his hands is now slick with lube and has wrapped around Dean's dick, running up and down slowly and deliciously, sounding slick to Dean even where his head is buried in the pillows.
Castiel had to stop himself from blurting out a declaration of love. Especially when Dean looked like that. Especially when he knew how much Dean doubted whether the people he loved really thought his music was good. As set in stone as Dean seemed about his taste in tunes, he did harbor some nerves about whether Sam and Cas were really cool with his cassette tapes all the time.
Dean is lucky enough to feel like loving others comes easy to him. Young and uncertain, he had fallen in love with his parents, his brother, his friends, the city he lived in. Dean loved things for no reason—felt like his chest was getting torn up whenever those things got taken from him.
And when Dean grumbled about Sam not pursuing a woman because he didn't want to risk her getting hurt, Cas spoke up again.
The familiar doesn’t seem phased by Castiel’s question. They extend themselves to Castiel, making it clear their intention is nothing but positive. Castiel can’t help but lean into the willingness with his own power. It feels like long awaited relief.
Dean interrupted him this time, angry, “What do you mean, ‘things that were troubling me’, Cas, what did you do?”
Dean’s assistance makes Castiel wonder if he had been too hasty in never seeking out a familiar to help him with his day to day magic.
Dean pulls his elbows up to give Cas better access. As weird as this would feel normally, Cas is definitely too spacey to care, and Dean can't help himself but give Cas whatever he wants.
At least there's that. Cas decides to pour Dean a dose, suddenly wondering if perhaps Dean shouldn't be left alone with substances and things he could hurt himself with.
They dance for a while longer, Dean spinning himself once, tucking himself to Cas' chest as Cas chuckles. Dean registers that the sweater still smells like the bunker a little bit.
They end up laying face to face. Cas on his own side of the bed, and Dean on his. They are feet apart, their warmth still making the bed feel right in a way it hasn't in a few months. Dean takes in how tired Cas looks, jet lagged. At the same time, Cas is as fucking gorgeous as always. His eyes are bright and blue, his skin tan with Italian sun and the little smile lines near his eyes endearing him.
He looked… good, Dean decided. Cas had put on one of his new ties and the light blue button-up he grabbed the day Dean fell asleep at Walmart. Dean couldn’t be blamed if he noticed how all of the blue made Cas’ eyes pop out at him. Damn, he had missed Cas.
It feels like it goes on for a long while, and Cas uses his hands on Dean's hips to keep him rolling through it, not letting him back off, even when it gets to be too much. Castiel bites down on Dean's earlobe too, which makes his cock shoot out another stream.
Cas speaks again a moment later, "If you ever need to speak about anything, you know I'll listen, right? I could never judge you for anything."
At home, Dean fills out each of the applications that Zach sent his way. He carefully reads all the requirements and sends in closely proofread cover letters and resumes. He applies for a couple he finds on Glassdoor, but neither of them seem exactly in Dean's playing field, so it's probably a reach to apply.
At the same time, the only way to ensure that this doesn't make Cas panic again is to get him to work through it. This usually means talking about it.
Cas' brain registers Dean's words and he shoots back, holding Dean steady and looking up at him, "Yes Dean? Is everything alright?"
Cas studied him. He remembered his frustration with himself about not paying close attention to Dean’s signals and what Sam said about listening, and wonders if perhaps he hadn’t been listening very closely to Dean all along.
"Heya Cas," Dean feels warm just seeing his husband all domestic and getting ready for his day. Its 7 am in Italy. His heart aches with the fact that they aren't getting ready together.
"Yes. There's no easy way to ask this, but, has he ever dealt with depression in the past? Before I knew you?"
They're driving home from New Mexico where they had been on a trip— an honest to god vacation to see the mountains. The impala is all rumbly and Dean is playing something that sounds like a ballad low on the radio. Cas has been on his iPhone and has been chatting with Dean for a while, some about the news, their friends or something they saw on their trip.
Dean and Cas take off work, and Sam wanders in with a key of his own at 7:30 am. Cas is still working on coffee, a little grumpy because he and Dean had stayed up late to watch Hamilton on Cas’ new Disney plus account.
Cas yawns and tightens his arms around his husband. God this feels so right. Even with all the conversations that need to be had, it still feels like a step in the right direction to wake up in their space, the two of them touching.
Dean eventually gets his breathing under control. He knows he needs help, he needs help so badly. Unfortunately, any of the people he could think of to call would call Castiel immediately after. His friends love him, but not any more than they love Cas. The moment they caught wind of Dean mistreating Cas, lying to him, they would take Cas' side for sure. Dean can't handle losing his friends too.
"Fucker wanted to make sure someone carried out his legacy!" Dean's laughter roared a little, but he winced as it jostled his side.
Cas tries not to worry. He cleans from breakfast. He stacks some of Dean's papers on the table and plugs his laptop in. Cas rearranges the pillows on the couches. He clears the coffee table and locates the remote. He puts a little bit of water in the oil diffuser Dean got him for his last birthday. He turns on the air conditioning and sets it at comfortable. Hopefully, Dean's fever will go down if it's not quite so hot in their house.
"Yeah. We've got two bedrooms, one for each of you. We live right by the train, I know I told you that. Not too far from the lake. We could go downtown if you wanted, I know you said there's that bookstore down there that you like."
“This wasn’t my choice, Dad. I didn’t pick to be a familiar, it’s in my blood. But I would never choose to go against who I am, the way I was born.”
“Do you intend to leave these children? Or hurt them?” Laura asks, a little jokingly, because it’s something they both know Dean would never do.
Castiel leads because he knows it's what Dean needs right now. He shucks his pants without hesitation, then yanks his shirt off to leave him in tight boxer shorts, a pair that he can't remember who originally bought.
“Uh…”, Cas babbled for a second, “I… I did”, the angel looked down in small embarrassment, “I… think she liked it”
At some point he had taken a hand to the bridge of his nose, scrunched his fingers over his tired eyes and glanced aside- to see that the clock revealed him it had been a bit more than two hours.
To his right, there was a wooden latrine. A white curtain, gathered currently by a delicate silver rope, could be drawn to provide more privacy to that area even in the already enclosed space. To his left, a wall of translucent glass delimited a small dead-end. Right in front of him there was a big round mirror, hung on the wall just above a silver water outlet that surged from the marble wall, hovering over a concave metallic surface that had a little hole in its lowest region, from where a small pipe traveled down to the floor.
He lifted his wide blue eyes to the hunter. He still had his teeth bared as he hacked down on both the scythes, severing them from the creature so that if it still moved, it couldn’t harm them. Dark ichor splashed at the impacts, joining the pool that flowed from the severed torso and that the forest floor was absorbing thirstily. Cas took an involuntary step back, away from the splashes. One of the hunter´s pantlegs was thoroughly stained with it.
But sometimes the shit came back. And… now that Sammy had gotten into trouble while he wasn’t around to help him. That he had not been able to find him yet. That he had wasted precious fucking time getting semi-killed and healing up. And that he had insulted and probably fucked up all his chances with the person that was helping him win that time back, getting to his brother- ah, and had saved his stupid life, to boot…
Heeeeeeeey :) Remember how I said this chapter was almost in the can and I would post early? Well, to be honest I did NOT expect to be needing to be taken to the hospital for five days, hahaha. I'm fine :) But that and studying have eaten my time A LOT. But here it is!!!!!!
He felt self-conscious enough just walking past to think about sitting beside him to examine him, so Cas took the clothes he´d left prepared the previous day on the chair to get changed in the bathroom. The healing would come next.
He craved his bed with a passion, but his stomach made some angry noises at him when he considered directly plopping down into his memory foam, towel and all. They had been searching for a way to get Kevin back with such desperation that not only a night of sleep had been skipped, but also some meals, badly replaced by bags of chips.
“Dean, should I really have said yes?”, he heard Cas ask in a worried whisper while his eyes still trailed his dad, “Alcohol consumption is often related by some individuals with poor judgment and low discipline; also, I´m an angel, he knows I usually don´t drink or eat, so why…?”
The hunter was silently sobbing, immobile, unable to do anything else than stare. He expected accusation in the angel´s eyes. Disappointment. Anger. After all, he deserved it. He had not been good enough. Not good enough to save them, not enough, ever…
The weight of it all fell over him. Just once. He could die again. Dean himself could. Or Sammy. No more demon deals would work. No more free passes at death. For anyone. Ever.
It was a bit overwhelming, every time he entered. The main room was too, but he had grown more accustomed to it. The simple marble on the walls and floor was one of the prettiest things he’d ever fucking seen. There were silver decorations everywhere. The fabric of the curtain that surrounded the latrine area seemed of more quality than his clothes, dammit. His eyes flickered in the direction of his new favorite thing: the shower.
“The one that´s been active for the past three years”, Dean could not help but add in an excited whisper.
“I don´t think it likes the flames”, whispered Sam, “Hasn´t attacked us unless we got away from them”
“You can ́t”, he insisted, “It ́s the middle of the night. It ́s very dangerous during the day, but by night it ́s just suicide”
“Wow, Cas…”, he whispered in a careful voice, “I… I’m not…”, he babbled as he started to get up from the chair.
Green vines as thick as his forearms rippled over and beneath the ferns, extending to all sides as in searching; all of them parting from the same point: the bushes at the other end of the clearing, which seemed to have… awakened. Stems with leaves as wide as Castiel´s face were
“I know you mean well, Cas, I do. But he´s my baby brother, man”, he said shaking his head, “I know myself, I know how I´m feeling and I know that I can absolutely deal with whatever shithead monster comes at me right now. Maybe it won´t be my finest game, but it will be decent enough”
Dean sighed. He wanted to help him. Maybe Cas would still want to hunt, he had said several times that he needed to pass some tests soon…
“But don’t worry”, he added, “Gabriel is one of the Four Stars. He doesn’t apply himself too much, but it’s because he doesn’t have to- he’s just that good. Even if you don’t trust my knowledge, trust his”
Looking out one of the windows was Uriel, hands laced behind his back, his shaved head glinting slightly in the golden light of the room. A tunic hung to his ankles, and it was of a purple so dark, that it seemed black until light shone directly on it, making violet glints shine from the flowing robe. He seemed pensive. He always had a serious, even ominous air to himself. He was two years older than Cas, and they had a cordial relationship.
Grimacing, eager not to become the next lump, he threw the biggest pulse of force he could muster under his nerves.
“Guys… this is awesome”, Sam said, opening his arms in triumph, “For once, we have the advantage. If we decipher what´s on the tablet… We can maybe find another way to close Hell. Another way to defeat Crowley and his like, forever”
“I… have found I prefer to work as I´ve been doing it in the past years. Garrisons… are very effective in terms of dealing with big threats but… they do miss the little picture, so to speak. A family that got a kid abducted. A teen that was taken by a vampire. I feel those are important too. In fact, I… asked for a different reward, actually”, the angel ventured, licking his lips.
“What…?”, she babbled as she took a step back and looked at him, “I thought you were in a hunt in Oklahoma!”
His skin spoke to Castiel as clearly as his muscles did. A long scar on the man ́s palm told him that he was disciplined or stubborn enough to have stopped a sword with his bare hand. Star-shaped marks on his knuckles drew him a picture of fistfights as he passed his towel around each finger, one at a time. With his injured arm clean, Cas turned to his chest. He found claw marks over a well-defined pectoral that told him both about past battles, and about the strength that man had to push monsters away from him. He remembered how he had shoved away the woodland fiend. His cloth traveled down his neck and shoulder, developed enough so that he would have no problem climbing, or lifting things over his head. In his mind, Cas saw him raise his longsword in the air for a finishing blow. The hunter did not bulge with overdeveloped muscles, but was lean like a runner, like a climber, a jumper- made to thrive in nature, and obviously built for a fight.
His relationship with Lucifer had always been distant, that he remembered. His only memories with him involved teasing of some kind, back when they were kids; like the times he used his powers on Cas to control his body against his will- as a prank, of course. He could not remember a time when Lucifer had wanted to have a conversation with him.
People had started to see the couple´s reaction, getting closer, asking questions…  when Dean heard something.
at some point, and wishing for the family to have their private moment, he had distanced himself a bit and started simply contemplating the sky, as he sometimes did. Dean knew he was alright.
The mage took his traveling bag, but turned for a second to look at the bed. He let a little sigh escape before getting closer and putting a hand to Dean´s shoulder.
He found Dean, having finished his sandwich, licking the palm of his hand- putting his index finger between his lips, his middle one, his thumb. Then he suddenly looked back at Cas and stopped, the pad still on his mouth for a second, before taking it away with a small smacking sound.
“Not necessarily. It takes some energy and time for me to bind and unbind it, but I can take it with us and plant it whenever we finish”, informed Cas.
As Cas started to stand up, something caught Dean´s eye. A plate on the desk. He raised his eyebrows as he realized he´d left half of his sandwich there last night. He took the plate, sniffed a second at it, and was immediately getting a bite from it. He turned to Cas with a warning look along the lines of
“You have lost a lot of blood. Not three hours ago you were dying on the forest floor. And again, you still need an antidote. You can ́t help anyone like this”
“Yes”, the mage said, but his voice was a little insecure, “If I don´t get surrounded”, he added under Dean´s scrutinizing gaze, “I can only defend myself in one direction, unless I use a lot of energy and do a circle, but…”, he trailed off, unsure.
“Well, my knee is bitching real good, since some goofball decided to shoot it; but other than that…”
“What did I tell you about staying on the ground?”, Dean added as he turned completely to him with an irritated frown.
out already!”, he grunted, yanking one of them from Cas´s back and throwing it into the flames by mere brute strength.
Even though he didn’t react to it, he noted and enjoyed the compliment. His fighting skills were some of the few things he would never doubt of himself and besides- it being actually a compliment for Sammy, it was easier to accept. He felt proud of his little brother.
He lost his words, too many he wanted to say at the same time. Dean was frozen, looking at him with wide eyes. Cas was panting, rage flaming on his veins; he was shaking. The rage mixed with his pain and simmered down to pure hate for a second.
“But he’s alive”, Cas said in awe, “Sammy was taken by The Darkness… but got healed? How? The cure was only known by a few scholars that investigated it- and as soon as they started giving it to the population, the Curse had mostly worn off already”
Dean turned back then and started walking back towards the corpses of the woodland fiends. Cas trotted to get to his side, looking at the dead wolves… and grimaced in disgust as they got to the older corpses.
“And if he were dead, there would be no flame at all. I believe this is the best confirmation we can get before we actually find him”
“Yeah. Or you know, like, I don´t know. Getting someone else´s soul in me”, Lucifer made a grimace of disgust, “God forbid… Could they be moved, stored in some way, or transferred or whatever?”
“Thoughts?”, grunted Dean defensively looking back at him, again with his mouth full; as if he didn’t realize how rude that was, or as if he simply didn’t care.
... still thumping... He rested his face on his hands, elbows on his knees, and allowed himself a moment to just… hurt, a faint grunt escaping him.
Sam traded a look with Dean, who shook his head rolling his eyes, but helped him up to get to the angel. A touch was enough to make Sam take a deep breath, relieved. Cas closed his eyes after that, and if Dean hadn´t known him better, he´d said he was drifting to sleep.
There it was.  As if it was waiting for me.  A mob fic.  Love mob stories.  I'm also a writer and I've written mob stories for another fandom for ten years!  It was calling to me!
-- I got rid of the partial horse and found another horse in the right direction of the right size that I could put in it’s place.
Ketch was created from three different elements to get a full sized Ketch in casual garb and with the right demeanor!
Here are the thumbnails of the different images used to make the composite image of Lucifer in the bar.
The pic was smallish.  Both men's arms were cut off at the elbow and at the trapezoid, so there was also  missing bed.
For this story I wanted to try to hit a balance between seps that would reflect both Dean and Castiel as well as them as a couple.
Since Dean and Cas look out from the restaurant and see the location for the wedding ceremony, I though this was the perfect spot to give a bit of a sneak of it as well.
As you probably know by now, I’m big on images supporting the story.  When discussing this chapter, Cassie and I talked about including one that could support a very key scene in this chapter.
!  After nesting them together the way I wanted, I added in some shadow, but it still needed something!  That’s when I went looking for chopsticks!  And, wow, it took me a lot longer to find the right ones than I ever would have thought!  But I did find a pair, and after repositioning them and playing with the perspective I had them just the way I wanted!
After running the pancake stack through a couple of filters to make it look more 'drawn' I applied the type.
It was an absolute joy to work on this story with  Cassie and Dani!  Even though I'd signed up for this year's DCBB, my first, I'd decided that I wasn't going to take a fic after all. Life was going to be a bear for the coming months leading up to the DCBB event.  But, my curiosity got the best of me.  And I just had to peek.
Grayson is a completely separate image.  I found him in a stock photo.  But there were a number of things that needed to be changed --
But, now, it's been revised to be this second cover.  Cassie and Dani and I liked this piece so much that we looked for
Now, in Cassie’s fic the box was originally metal.  I looked at dozens and dozens of metal boxes and just could not find one that I really liked well enough to have throughout every chapter.
some Halloween type candy, and then I needed something to put the cakes on and the beer in! I also wanted some
To get the Cas I wanted I took a different head from one of the epis, not sure which one.  Then I took his left arm out of his pocket so he could help support Dean from behind.  Next I rebuilt his jacket where  I had to move his arm. Lastly, I added in some shadowing and it was done!
I did the best I could to give them the art that would support their wonderful story.  There were a few challenges but, overall, it was a wonderful experience.  Never have two people been more open to a true collaboration!  Take a look at the
When Cassie and I discussed this story, one of the key things she wanted was a heavily decorated house for the Novaks!
With all the pieces in place the cover was done!  I have to admit to being very pleased with the outcome.  I hope you like it as well!
simple background.  The picnic basket... now that was another matter!  It took five different layers to get that out of it's
Mafia Families or Organizations can be very complicated and it doesn't matter if it's Italian, Russian, Columbian, Irish, whatever.  I've been a student of Mafia true crime for a long time, as I said in my Masterpost.  I'm a writer as well, and when I took on this fic I thought it might be helpful to the readers to see a graphic on the way the Families shake out and who reports to who.  How the hierarchy actually works.  As you can see there are some subtle differences in the Italians and in the Russian structure.
We kicked around a few ideas, but then hit on this one.  The cobbler and the ice cream.  Cassie asked if I could find a peach cobbler and then show the ice cream melted.  I said that I’d try, but felt fairly good about it.
A lot of thought and work went into these graphics.  I hope you like them and enjoy the walk throughs I've prepared.
As I said earlier, I wanted moonlight coming off camera but from the right.  That meant adding a bit of highlighting or back shadow to Dean and Cas.
There was so much done to this image, I'm not sure where to start.  Arms were moved to move the guys apart, which meant
I needed hands.  I wanted hands holding the note.  And a shadow of Cas cast over the note that he’s reading.  Now, Misha has really nice hands.  His fingers are long, whereas Jensen’s are more blunt and his nails broader.  I couldn’t find a good pic of Misha’s hands to use, so I went shopping for a set that would come close.
lessened and traded in for reflections on the finished piece since they'd be reflected in the table.
The original image that ends the chapter of our guys in bed was, again, a fairly simple addition.  I really liked this original image but I needed darker-haired men.  After a couple manipulations of color, I was able to get what I wanted.  Then I just needed the image to look more like it was a night time image.
After doing a lot more research on Kindergarten Teacher's desk, I found that they were all decorated with their names.  But, well, Cas's wouldn't survive completely in tact after the guys were done, so,
When Cassie and I talked about it, we both went right for the 'naughty boy' aftermath of sex on Cas's school desk!
Honestly, this type of manip is not my stong suit!  I can put them in different clothes, different places, but I'm just not
Again, the original image was run through several filters and then layered in various opacities to create the final image.  After layering that image onto the drawing pad image, I took away parts of the perimeter to make it look more hand drawn.
After much searching I found a perfect one of groups of people enjoying the snowy weather and going on carriage rides of their own.
But... once I got into the story and started thinking about images to support it, and after Cassondra and I had numerous chats about the story... I created quite a few pieces!  I started with the promo for the story which you'll find in Chapter 8 of this post.
I didn't get quite what I wanted.  I did manage a credible 'almost kiss' with Dean and Cas -- I was happy and Cassie was thrilled and Dani was quite excited.
I’d love to do a pictorial walk-through, but it would probably take me longer to cut the images for that than the 7 hours it took me to render the image!
But I wanted to do it from the perspective of their POV.  Easier said than done!  But I got lucky with a couple of images.
We wanted something simple and universal that would be a nice touch stone for all the readers and, again, not be an interruption to the story, but an enhancement.
Now I have to tell you that this image took quite a few hours to build and it is built.  It’s comprised of 8 different images.  And I think I’ve lost count of the number of layers that comprise multiple manipulations on each one of them.
These are the images that were used to compile the finished image.  The only component that isn't depicted here are the chairs I isolated and built to increase the sizing of the chairs that were set up in the image.
This was the process followed for most of first seven graphics that are not actual photos or screenshots taken from the show.  The coffee cups and bed images found through image searches in the first collage were run through several image filters and then overlayed to achieve the look I wanted.
The bar where Lucifer is located is a piece of a larger photo of the bar that was described in the story.
This image was definitely a spur of the moment creation!  While reading through the story, Dean and Cas visit the victims at the morgue and take
Then, I imagined that Castiel’s place might be painted a grayish-blue and put my digital painting skills to work.  Plus, I didn’t want a sharp, flat background.  I wanted something that showed a bit more life to it, but was a soft underpinning of the note.
But just to give you a bit of how this image came to be... I got rid of one of the girls, and the backgrounds.
Then it was a matter of varying layers to intertwine their fingers.  After that I did a couple of screens to lighten up Dean's hand and add a bit of shadow to Cas's.
This chapter has what I like to call a Martini Shot... which just means it's the last image of the chapter.
Used alone the Cassette would just be floating.  To give it some context, I found a box of cassettes.  After masking out the box sides I added the supernatural protection emblem as well as Dean's favorite saying about WHO chooses the music!  Then I added in a few companion cassettes by Boston, AC/DC and Blue Oyster Cult, before finally adding in the MIX TAPE.
The later images were all made from screencaps for which I'd like to give a huge shout out of thanks to
This chapter header was quite simple, so, nothing really needs to be said on this, except that sometimes simple just works!
The note came out really well, but it wasn’t enough.  It’s hard to believe looking at it now, that there are 8 layers in that little note!  But, it was too flat and lacked ‘life’.  This is when I wish I could actually draw… but, I can’t.  So, next best thing… find the graphics to create what I have in mind!
Castiel thinks about this more than he cares to admit: pinning Dean against the wall, spitting into his hand and wrapping it around the both of them until Dean can’t open his mouth to sass at Cas.
Castiel gets off the plane with a sense of uneasiness. It's colder here in Chicago then it was in Milan. He knows that it’s ridiculous to call 66º cold, but after spending so much time sweating his ass off in Italy...
He took a deep breath and tried to decide where to start, “Do you remember when I took on Lucifer after you came back from hell?”
Cas sets the dishwasher up, grinds the coffee beans so they'll have coffee as soon as they get downstairs tomorrow.
When he was a child, he would be the problem solver for all the fights on the playground. He was the AP student, the quiet, bookish hard-worker in clubs and classes. He was the kind of teen to ask a girl out, and then become increasingly and uncomfortably bored with her because she didn't want to talk to him, she just wanted to kiss him and post pictures of him on her MySpace.
Cas’ lips part to speak, breathing in the heat of Dean’s outwards breath— they’re so close it’s the same air.
Dean makes that little pouty-lipped frown, but gently slides Cas' boxers down too, pulling them to his ankles.
Dean secretly feels weirdly proud as they switch their healthcare provider to his company's. Even if Castiel makes more money, it's Dean's job that has the benefits. He may not have a fancy degree, but in this way, he can provide for his husband. Castiel doesn't seem to exactly catch on to this, but he is excited by the prospect of their health insurance covering all of their dentist appointments in full. Cas happily informs Dean that the plan covers therapy as well.
He unlocks his phone and stares at the mostly one sides conversation on their text chat between him and his husband. Dean has been so distant.
"Thinking about going to get more groceries before this weekend. I know you have a list made up of meal stuff, but I also wanna make my own trip and get some meat to grill. I think brats would be good for one of the nights you have me cooking, yeah?"
So when Dean ran a hand through his hair after losing a lead because the vampire took off in a snap, Cas touched his hand and carefully spoke, "There was no way anyone could have caught him, vampires are faster than humans, remember.”
Things spin as Dean locates a bottle of personal lubricant and a bath towel to make cleaning things up easier.
“Dean I know you are a man who shoulders the brunt of anything which comes your way. I know you have made mistakes in the time which I have known you, but frankly, the guilt which you walk around with is crippling.” Cas laid it on him.
Cas and Dean decide to take Claire and Jack somewhere to hang out this week. Dean and Castiel are still not saying anything too permanent to the kids— just in case something falls through.
As much as Cas likes things just so, sometimes he can't have them that way. And when planning doesn't go far enough, Cas tends to slip.
He grabs Cas' cheeks between in palms, squishing his face and giving him the softest smile he can muster, "I know you will. Don't worry, it's all going to be fine."
He leans forward and kisses Cas. His lips are parted as he goes in, and he finds Cas' the same way. They breathe into each other's mouths, Cas' sighing while Dean gasps.
Dean’s soul automatically clouded, and Castiel winced. He could imagine what Dean was thinking. The concern, the fear for his friend, and for his own heart. Dean had been fucked over, been screwed with too many times for a conversation like that to ever result in something positive.
The worst is they're all sort of team-mates too. Dean has to sit there and make conversation while they pack their desks and get things in order.
So they just keep moving. They just keep packing up and hitting the road and setting up camp again, in their warded canvas tent. They camp in unmarked spots and pay for shit with cash. They pick up food in hoodies and face masks like they're worried about getting sick— and they kind of are. Cas learned to chop wood so they can start a fire some nights.
“What do you want?” Castiel asked him. He made certain to keep his tone level, showing Dean that this was a serious question, that Dean didn’t need to fear to answer it honestly.
Cas has done this to Dean before, maybe twice? One time after he had finished fucking Dean and asked Dean, to quote Cas, to "Sit on my face, Dean."
By the time he's eaten his soup, Dean is pretty warm and tingly. Starting with the bourbon on an empty stomach has him feeling better than he has all day, and the soup in his belly is exactly what he needed.
It’s crisp and white, with Cas’ handwriting scribbled, “Happy Birthday Dean” on the front in one of Jack’s Mr. Sketch smelly markers. The grape one, to be exact.
"Yeah, but she didn't say to where. I've been stressed as fuck, I wasn't sure if Jack and I were headed to the same place," Claire says, seeming a little exasperated.
A wizard is standing, feet shoulder-width apart, eyes closed, face turned skyward. His palms hover at his front, palms down, as though he’s warming them in a fire. He’s barefoot, and in what looks like a baby blue pajama set. A thick black cloak is wrapped around his shoulders, a couple sizes too big— the band is undone so Dean can see underneath to where a little bit of stomach skin is revealed from his shirt tucked funny.
The good things in his life are finished if Cas leaves him. Dean will be hollow for as long as he will live, knowing he fucked up the one good relationship he has ever been able to create. Dean mourns the loss of the love of his life as he kneels on the fucking bathroom floor. He wonders where he will go when Cas realizes what a fuck up Dean is. The house is mostly Cas', and Dean can't think of anyone he could stay with. Maybe he'll have to fly out to California to stay with Sam.
"Been sleeping ok?" Cas asks. He knows that after sleeping shitty, Dean will often end up with some residual pain in his shoulders or hips.
They dance through the chorus and another verse, Dean eventually guiding more so that Cas and he are moving in time with the song. He spins Cas easier than Cas had spun him, and when their eyes meet, Cas has a  giddy look— like someone should when they get spun dancing.
Cas uses his hands to help hold Dean open Now Cas is using his fingers and tongue to work on Dean together. The spit makes the drag a little rougher than their lube does, but Dean finds that he kinda likes it. Plus, Cas' spit is warm and his little hums against Dean make him shiver.
"Dean," Cas mutters, finally meeting Dean's wild eyes, "That's the most important part. That's literally all that matters."
Even though Dean's hand pulls from his dick, Cas shoots a few weak strands of cum up his belly, his dick valiantly trying to follow that friction. Cas' hips and thighs quiver with the pleasure, trying to chase the sensations.
Apparently the conversation with Eileen hadn’t gone as planned. Instead of Sam’s intended, “I like you, but this relationship is too dangerous for both of us”, it had gone down more like “I am in love with you, and I am willing to put everything on the line to even consider an ‘us”.
Cas finishes packing up in the late morning and gets everything together into the afternoon. He's got copies of his passport, some money they had exchanged into euros, and one of those weird neck pillows for flying.
Then he's going to man up. He's going to buy Cas' favorite wine and grocery shop, and when Cas arrives home in two weeks, Dean is going to explain everything very slowly, with a cool head, and let Cas decide how to react. He's going to do his very best to make this easy for Cas.
Dean gets ready for work slowly. He cleans up his face with a razor and brushes his teeth. He puts on his work clothes without much thought.
Sam blushes as he says this. Dean might not still totally get how exactly the dynamics work for a group of three, but he can tell Sam is so happy.
Cas' grip on Dean's ankle is deathly tight. Cas eases in and out and in a dozen times, letting them both relish in the feeling of each other.
“Well Claire and Jack don’t even really know yet,” Dean admits, “We don’t want to upset them if something falls through. We have been hanging out with them about once a week though.”
Castiel watches him carefully with dark eyes. He can tell what Dean wants— he's giving all the signals that would normally have Castiel ordering him around or trussing him up already.
Not that Dean doesn't like getting Cas to that spot because, yeah, it's totally fucking addicting to see Cas lose his shit like that, coming so hard he can't speak and just giving in to what Dean tells him to do.
Sam shakes his head, “We’ve sort of talked about it as a future possibility. Gabe made it clear the proposal was my job.”
Cas' dick sprays across his stomach and through Dean's fingers as Dean jerks and twists Cas through what looks like a wild orgasm.
“You are correct, we often are like our parents. We have the same laugh, or the same eating habits. Prone to react in similar ways. But Dean,” She shakes her head, “That doesn’t mean that we
“Partly, and I intend to at some point,” Cas responded hesitantly, still trying to gather his thoughts, “But, I was more so concerned about the contents of Dean’s feelings.”
Cas holds him tight, lazily dragging his fingernails across Dean's back and possessively fitting his hand with the print on Dean's shoulder.
He likes that he starts at 9, so he doesn’t have to get up until 7:30. If he gets up at 7, he gets to kiss Cas before Cas leaves for work. He likes that when he gets home every day, Cas is already there, barefoot and relaxing after work.
Dean sets up a consultation appointment with a therapist in Lincoln Park. He tells Cas about it and Cas kisses him for a long time.
Dean knows he should make the leap and get things back to normal; he feels like an asshole. But he's not sure he has it in him to apologize when he knows he's already lying to Cas about a bunch of shit. Dean thinks it might just all come out like a tidal wave, and he can't deal with facing the music about the adoption shit.
Dean is too far gone to really have any sort of power against what Cas is asking, but he trusts him, and quite honestly, he doesn't think Cas wants to hurt him or make him uncomfortable.
Dean moans into the sheets. For some reason, that feels almost as good as when Cas touches his dick. Dean is beyond ready to have Castiel in him, now, but Cas just keeps calmly jerking his dick and feeling around in his ass like they have all the time in the world.
He had been struggling the most to get his pumpkins in order, trying his best not to hurt the flesh as he lifted them from their tangles of roots. He couldn’t help but feel nervous about hurting them (and Dean) as they worked, but everything seemed to slot together evenly.
Castiel stops at the closet to grab for a few pairs of silicon handcuffs and a bottle of lube. He goes to the wall of their room, where there is a bar that has been mounted at about Cas' height. Dean did some research and installed it himself, making sure it could take up to 300 lbs. Sometimes they hang a few bags from it so it's not just “the sex-bar”.
“I need you to really listen. Because I know this is going to be upsetting and I cannot fathom what you will think if I do not finish the story to its completion,” Cas told him.
Dean wipes his lube-cum-covered hand on the sheets and then wraps his arms around his angel. Their sticky covered skin slides together.
In Sam's case, the pressure of Lucifer was too much for any human to bear. Castiel could handle it. It wasn't as though Cas didn't deserve to take it on either. It was his fault that Sam had been forced to suffer so much.
Dean hates that bit of pudge on his stomach, but nothing he has ever done has kept it off, and he has no intention of changing his eating habits. Dean loves food.
Dean sits up faster than he ever has in his life. Here's Cas, home early and looking jet-lagged as fuck and so beautiful. The house is a mess. Dean is a mess. He has no plans for dinner, no time to tidy the bedroom, and no fucking idea how he's gonna tell Cas all this shit.
"My dad and I were working together on cases on and off. Real lazy summer you know? They always say there's more shootings in the summer when the heats at its peak? Well, it's different for monsters, for some reason. Gets quiet when it's hot, like they're all stayin' indoors. Dad got a call from a buddy in New Mexico who needed his help, but he told me I could stick up in Iowa since it was pretty quiet, and Dad didn't want to be overbearing."
The drive to Ashland, Illinois was uneventful, and by the time they were rolling into town, Dean almost wished they could have had a case further away. There was something soothing about having Sam, Eileen and Cas all in the car.
Cas wakes in the morning to find himself on his back. The morning sunlight is coming in through the windows to stream onto their bed and into Castiel's eyes. Dean is laid across his chest, sweaty and squirming a little.
Cas grips his nails harder than he meant to at this admission, his nails scraping up a layer of skin and drawing some blood on Dean's ass.
Cas swears under his breath, scooting so he's got a thigh on either side of Dean's shoulders, left hand cupping Dean's cheek while the right gropes blindly behind him for the discarded bottle of lube.
Cas presses his hips down to Dean's stomach to demonstrate that his dick has gone soft. Cas really has no desire to fuck Dean when he's like this.
Dean feels a pang if guilt. Yeah. That does sound very stressful. Dean knows that if he and Sammy were on the brink of getting separated he would be a basket case.
That was why he worked for Lafitte’s. The owner, Benny, connected witches in need of magical help with familiars available to assist. Dean had helped put up houses, win court cases, assist with financial work and revitalize after forest fires. Whatever the witches wanted, Dean was willing to help.
"Okay. Okay, but text me later. I want to make sure he's alright. Dean can get pretty down on himself."
He grinds against Dean, mouthing at his ear and breathing out a question, "Would you be comfortable with me fucking you?"
Dean reads through the email with the openings as he puts water and instant oatmeal in a bowl. He sets it to spin in the microwave and wonders if he needs to update his resume since the last time he was searching.
He had imagined kissing that righteous look off Castiel’s face the night they met. He imagined kissing Castiel goodmorning. He imagined those plush-chapped lips more than he cared to admit.
“And for the record Dean, if you ever want to talk about anything, Cas, Crowley, Hell… Dad,” Sam winced as he mentioned their father, “I’m all ears. You could also chat with someone who gets all of this shit and is certified to— talk.”
"Know that I didn't make this decision. No one who is working directly with you is responsible for what's happening right now. The program cuts are ridiculous and poorly planned."
The day after was hell. Castiel was violently sick, the emotions he had accepted apparently making themselves known as physical symptoms. He was achy and freezing, his head pounding to the point where he couldn’t string together intelligent thoughts. He threw up a whopping six times in his trash can, and only left his room in the bunker for a bottle of water. He was glad to have avoided Sam and Dean that day. The human body’s reaction to foreign substances truly was awful.
He stayed there, tears never stopping, world not making any kind of sense. Horror on his face. Time meaning nothing.
A single wolf lashed towards Dean, but a quick lateral lounge took him out of its reach. The beasts kept staring, most of them just looking. Two more of them jumped at him; two lateral strides took Dean completely out of their reach. Growls of complaint sounded in the forest clearing. Dean never stopped moving, slowly, but avoiding being surrounded.
Why would that hunter have gone to the forest? And tackled a whole nest of woodland fiends? The man must be insane. He raised his eyes for a second. He could be insane. Could he? Had he taken a madman into his house?
He cried out as he begged his legs to run faster, his body to be swifter… but he had never been an athletic kid. Reading and drawing, books and charcoal, that was his world. His little legs barely ate terrain, and his muscles couldn´t do more. He tried to look back, and terror filled him as he saw it closer, so much closer. It had been miles away… now it was almost upon him.
. Disinfecting. Something to dull the pain would help him rest. He frowned thinking that if the hunter was violent or did not attend to reason, he would have to sedate him. He did
“I… will bring him home if, if he wants to come”, he added, “If not… I´m sure he will find a way to meet you and say hi or whatever”
against the grill, preparing burgers for everyone, while Ellen had taken out buckets of ice with drinks and had started distributing. Charlie had of course brought her weapons, and was apparently giving Jo a class in the art of softcombat, or LARP fighting. That reminded him, he owed her a rematch. His smile widened as he saw them laugh. Those two got along well.
“Is there anything we can do for you? Shall I prepare you some holy water shots or something?”, he asked bobbing his eyebrows.
“Look, Dean… I want to help you, I truly do. You´re hurt. I still want to try and help you with your brother if I can. But I won´t be able to if you don´t let me. And as your doctor, that requires that you trust me to some extent. You have to trust my judgment if I say that you need to rest, to stay put; and that you can´t get out of this room. I don´t… want you to feel unsafe in your place of healing. At the very least, that would be counterproductive. I also don´t want to feel like I have to watch my back around you. I´m going to have to leave eventually, or to sleep. You are, after all, in my room”
But sometimes… sometimes people couldn’t pay. They really couldn’t, and it showed. Those times… Dean worked for free. And it was not a good habit to fall into. His equipment needed constant repair, his armor especially. Sammy was quite good at finding ingredients in the wilderness, or substituting ones with others in a fit of improvisation- but potions and bombs needed materials to be made from. Throwing knives got lost, bolts ran out, weapons needed maintenance.
He was unconscious. Dead? His heart sped up. Had he gotten worse? Had the injury spread? He got to him with two quick long steps and shook him violently.
Probably what I will do from now on, is I will try to publish 1 chapter per week but from either of my fanfics: Dreams of Perdition or Kingdom of Heaven. I can stretch only so much :)
The hunter jolted with a sudden inhalation, and even before his eyes were open his fists were raised in a sloppy guard.
But another of the trails suddenly appeared, and he jumped to one side. He almost fell upon landing, feet slipping on something round and squishy, and he looked alarmed towards Dean, guilt clutching at his chest- who undoubtedly would have just got an enemy jumping into his back.
”, he said, wrinkling up his nose and mimicking Dean’s tone from earlier, “And it’s… counterintuitive to disregard life, when I know how distress on a body feels at every level. I’m not like my brother Gabriel, I do believe that humans… Maybe they are not superior to animals, but I do believe that to our Kingdom, to our society, they matter more. But I can respect them when it’s not a matter of life and death. Or starvation”, he added quickly, “I wouldn’t like that something killed me for sport. I guess other creatures might feel the same”
“Don’t get too cocky”, Sam warned him, taking the empty syringe back to the briefcase and grabbing another one for him, “Let´s not get killed for overconfidence”
“Of course you fucking hadn´t”, Dean grunted, turned away, gritting his teeth and shutting his eyes for a second.
He heard some… roaring? Closing his eyes to listen, he rapidly covered the dozens of atlases on magical creatures he had memorized over the years. The sound was too raspy to be from an ogre, too low to come from a hircocervus, and it was not the correct time of year for it to be of manticores. Woodland fiends, he decided. Organized in nests, usual traveling number between four and ten. Claws, horns, fangs; brutal strength, do not engage alone.
Dean licked his lower lip to immediately trap it between his teeth, nervous. He had his hands on his pockets, his gaze on the asphalt, and was leaning against the side of the Impala. It was a sunny day, and he was in the middle of nowhere.
Dean pressed his lips, but his anger started to deflate. If it was true that none of them could do anything, maybe mentioning it right as they arrived hadn´t been important.
Castiel closed his eyes for a second. Thinking about Michael´s and Lucifer´s final test had made him forget momentarily about Dean. He opened his eyes again, biting his lower lip in the slightest. It had indeed been very late when he asked the message to be sent. But he could not help but feel frustrated. Dean would leave that night. Whatever information that arrived tomorrow would be of no use to him.
Cas met his eyes and the frustration seeped away from them, turning warm as he smiled a bit. He nodded, encouraged, and kept looking down determined.
He ignored him as he heard how he sat on the bed for a moment. He ignored him even harder at the sound of his clothes whispering as he changed, frowning as his gaze pierced the written words. He still ignored him as he heard the sheets rustling. Only after silence came he moved, making a gesture towards the white crystals on the walls, turning their lights off with a flick of his wrist- his notes left illuminated only by the candles on his desk. When he looked furtively back, he saw the hunter’s head protruding from the bedding, his back turned to him.
“I know that to you humans this must sound ridiculous. You have your free will. You were created to exert it. But… angels, each of us was created exactly as we are… for something. But… so many things have happened…”
“Hm. One day if we are lucky, two if we´re not. Really depends on how many problems we run into, how fast we move. Do we have to go all the way back to where the stone thingy is?”
“Start reading that”, he ordered, “The second you stutter, all the spikes come deeper. You understand?”
Still five monsters remained, and they were well aware of his presence now. He didn’t fucking care- he threw three more knives, dodged forward, and charged as quickly as he could. Letting his fear for his brother transform into rage and burn on his veins to power his muscles, he charged savagely, fast, and efficiently.
“He has written, very scarcely”, Cas continued, “Mother read us his letters. Once a year, especially at the beginning. Not anymore. But it’s okay. He was mostly absent during the war, coming and leaving, and he left definitely when I was eleven, after he saved me from The Darkness. I’ve gotten used to it. I don’t… I do miss him”, he corrected himself, “But I know he’s helping a lot of people, and that makes me proud”
“It could happen, Dean, you know that”, he interrupted him, and added, “You don´t even know if he´s still alive”
The hunter stayed frozen as Cas clasped tightly at his skin for a second, holding his breath. Then he exhaled, forcing his body to relax, his face to turn into a slight pained frown, while he took a controlled breath. He opened his eyes when he exhaled again, but it was obvious the pain hadn´t receded yet.
“No! I mean… yes, but it´s nothing personal. Like, not a letter or anything. I don´t ever get correspondence, you know. I needed a report. To find… ingredients. For the… Academy”
“Compasses will go bonkers too, in some parts of a Doomed Forest, can’t trust’em. I have one, but rarely use it unless we’re on the road…”
The angel gave him the warmest, most loving smile of all time, and his insides squirmed in hope and embarrassment and a tinge of fear.
“Yeah. Yeah, I was knocking”, he said crisply, trying to fake composure, “That´s what… I did not want to catch you off guard. Like, you know. Like before”
Cas. As he blinked slowly, he wondered for a second how the angel would be holding up, with his burned chicken wing.
Cas startled a second before opening his leather bag, its strap crossing his chest diagonally, to rummage inside for a moment before taking the map out and extending it to the hunter. The hunter´s eyes searched around them, locating landmarks to situate them on the map.
“Man, if they got taken by monsters, odds are they’re dead or in a pretty bad situation… Terrified is best-case scenario. I hope Sammy found’em in time. In some cases like this, however, you never know what happened. Those times it’s better to find the bodies, you know”
Castiel walked to his worktable and retrieved from the envelope both a written note and a marked map, that he unfolded and extended over the surface.
A second later his clothes were repaired and clean. The bloodstains on his hands and arms were gone also. His headache remained unfazed- not leaving, but not getting worse either. That was excellent.
As he finished saying that, Dean’s eyes suddenly darted to a patch of the forest. Had he seen anything move? He stared for a moment, but nothing happened. He sighed, relaxing. Being alert of their surroundings was useful to prevent an attack, but it made him realize also any time a small animal or the wind shook the leaves.
“I was… outside”, Cas provided with a sad smile, “I liked birds. I wanted to fly one day like them. I was sitting on a bench, drawing them, when clouds of shadows covered the horizon”
This dude was not just in the closet…. He could never have a husband if he wanted, or a fucking boyfriend. Hell, if what they said about nobles was true- he probably never had…
There had been nothing sexual about it, really. It was just... amazing how much medicine could tell you about someone. It surely had felt like a theory exercise from his teachers. He also truly felt
“And I, as your host, will provide you with hospitality, will guarantee your safety, and see to your needs. You will be free to go at any given moment”, he said ceremoniously, but he added in a faster, more normal voice, “But like, you know, you really shouldn’t leave until you´re completely healed”
Dean opened his mouth, then closed it and looked down, his defiance shrinking. He folded his arms as his lips pursed in a pensive way.
“Hello, brother”, another Gabriel tilted his head in front of him when he went to take a step to the left.
After this more things will come- studies, a LARP Im organizing- so I dont know how regularly I´ll be able to update. I´ll really try to get to once a week/every two weeks, but I can´t make any promises. I hope you can have some patience with me :) From now on, Im going to put a "The road so far" before every chapter so that people can remember easier what happened last!
The hunter passed him the cloth without looking up. There had been a softness in his tone that Cas hadn’t heard before. He took it and smiled too, a warm feeling on his chest. For a second he felt that Dean was starting to like him a bit more.
And Cas, who was sitting on his ass, who had his mouth open in absolute bewilderment, felt his chest doing something very odd at the sight.
“Calm down”, Dean grumbled, serene and focus, “Small things are manageable. You have a blade, you know how to use it”
Castiel froze, eyes widening slightly, Dean on his mind. Had his mother found out? How?? And how had she known what a poor excuse of a host he had been?? Not feeding him, not…
“Display changed your mind?”, the hunter said as he wiggled his eyebrows once and smirked even more.
Dean´s eyes got lost in the garden for a second, a million memories making him smile to himself. He remembered his first kiss, under that tree. The year his dad and he tried to build a treehouse for Sammy, failing horrendously, but having such a great time together. All those lazy summer afternoons chasing after his little brother, who just kept growing more and more every year, until he wasn´t so little…
“Tsk… Aight”, the hunter said with determination as he took the little blade by its handle, “I will be holding onto this for now, if we got nothing better. I guess I´ll be able to do something with it”
“They work in slight different ways”, Castiel mused, expression concentrated to give a correct explanation, “When you ingest a potion, it flows through your bloodstream throughout your whole system. That means, it gets faster and with more potency to bleeding wounds and inflamed areas, where your body is already calling for more blood. But its intensity dilutes as it gets dispersed through the body. It can slightly help with blood-transported poisons or venoms, but will do very little against complex diseases”
“That I´m as interested in that little quarrel as I am in all of the Four Stars shit they keep trying to drag me into”
Heaven ́s War, he read. As always, his mind flew for a moment towards his father upon the mention of the almost twenty-year-old confrontation. As always, he saw flashes of violence on his childhood memories as he read about The Darkness. He felt a chill to his spine as he took the document on The Four Spells of Crowley. But he was used to it. Life had been that way, and memories did not hit him as hard as when he was a child. A flash usually came to him when he had not thought or read words like
“Let´s leave something crystal clear”, the hunter turned strict eyes to him, “You may be driving, but I´m in charge. You do what I say, when I say it. If I tell you to run, you run. Even if you have to leave me behind. Or there´s no deal”
Dean chuckles at this, but it becomes a moan as he starts to shift his hips up into his hand again to put on a show for Cas.
Dean sighs, "Angel, I know I've been pretty uncertain lately, but you've gotta tell me when stuff like this builds up. It sucks to see you get this worked up."
His last day of work rolls around. He sends some emails, packs what little is in his desk, and turns in his key card. Zach isn't there when Dean leaves, so he never really says goodbye.
They take turns wearing the amulet now, never wanting it out of sight. When Dean can't take having that reminder of Sammy anymore, he'll pass it off to Cas. Then, when Dean misses Sam like a lost limb, he'll silently reach for the collar of Cas' shirt until Cas gives it back.
Cas has always said that Dean is the best decision he has ever made. The most impulsive, but the best.
Cas will listen and consider— then respond with a story that must seem equally mundane to him, but actually makes Dean's head spin when he remembers just how vast Castiel's existence is; how Cas has been reduced to almost nothing as he sits across from Dean, growing stubble and wearing hand-me-downs.
Dean thinks to himself that the last thing he wants is to get any pudgier. Castiel is hitting the gym and working harder than ever. He's got to be exhausted by all the new things around him and this big project and he still has the time to stay fit whereas Dean is letting it slide.
Dean verbally says, "Yes," this time, his voice thick and his hips easing up towards Cas as a form of evidence.
He closes his eyes, focusing in to try and decipher more of what’s going on. The edge of panic is a cause for concern. He hopes everything is alright with whoever this stranger is. He twines his energy out and reaches to catch the other.
Cas, of course, thinks Dean is simply hesitating because he is being bratty. He can't see from this angle that Dean is dizzy or hazy. He doesn't know that Dean doesn't really want to test him right now. He isn't aware of how drunk Dean is, or how exhausted Dean is. Cas doesn't know because he's thousands of miles away and he can't take care of Dean in the same ways he normally would.
Sam brings Jess and Gabe to Dean's wedding. Dean realizes how natural Sam looks with the two of them and recognizes that these are the people Sammy will be with for the rest of his life.
He tries to remember where he is, what's going on and when the last time he showered or pissed or ate was. His brain comes up with nothing.
Cas gets Dean pressed so he is back to the wall, arms still tied and thighs tucked between Cas and his own chest. His ankles cling to Cas’ lower back. He’s fully supported by Castiel, held helpless. Cas reaches up to check the cuffs, making sure that Dean’s weight isn’t pressing his skin into them. Then Cas eases a hand down, scraping at Dean’s nipples, and fisting his own dick to line him up with Dean.
Cas is almost sure they can, but it soothes him to observe Dean unwrap one leg to firmly plant a foot with some extra room.
Dean struggles with his words for a moment, "that's— that's something I would want to try. Putting on, y'know, women's underwear."
Dean hauls ass at work during the day, and then works more at night to avoid thinking about the fact that he's alone. He's doing great at work, one of his superiors told him he had an obvious depth of thinking and detail. Usually, Dean is pressed to reach week-end checkpoints on a few of his projects, but now he's sort of done with his checkpoints by Wednesday and has another project for Friday.
And on top of that, to think that Dean had caused Cas even more pain? Dean had to take a deep breath and try to think of something else. That hurt too much.
Once Dean returned, over the next few weeks, there was a lull in hunts. With Dean’s newly refreshed spiritual persona, they spent most of their waking hours having an honest to god good time.
Dean pulls off gently and gives them both a moment to breathe as Cas comes down from the second orgasm precipice this morning.
Cas makes a humming noise and then laughs throatily when Dean presses his face into the pillow to try and get out of getting up.
Dean walked slowly back into the Bunker’s kitchen, where Cas stood, still finishing up drying the dishes from dinner. It had been Dean’s night to cook, and Cas’ night for dishes, leaving Sam some alone time.
"Yeah, it was some guy who left a confusing will. Brought back the dude who left his birthday-party-entertainment business to his two kids who work in real estate now," Sam explained, looking carefully at Dean's side.
Castiel fucks Dean slow and long from behind, hands at Dean's stomach and lips whispering praise for Dean's body into his ears. Dean trembles and blushes, but Castiel gets him to come.
Cas catches his lips for a kiss, lowering Dean’s hips and letting the thrusts become more languid—smooth and punching at the end. He rocks Dean against him, trying to get persistent pressure against Dean’s prostate.
“Well, what the fuck am I supposed to do Sammy? Go cry on Cas’ shoulder and tell him about all the times Dad smacked me around a little? What the hell is that going to achieve?” Dean hissed, his eyes welling up a little.
They both seem to recognize that this is their first kiss since Cas has been home— since Cas said a breathless goodbye and pecked Dean one more time months ago.
Dean started to become panicked, his breaths quickening and his eyes wet. Cas had grabbed Dean's shoulders gently, drawing Dean's head to his chest.
Cas shifts to rest his head in the crook of Dean’s shoulder where they’re sitting practically pressed together. Dean turns and presses a kiss to Cas, smiling into his hair.
“It's like sewing Dean. Don’t knock it, I got her to put a couple of sigils on the inside of my flannel,” Sam shot Dean a look, but maintained his perfect push-up posture.
The little bits of contact they had allowed one another before are nothing compared to what it feels like to be against Cas. Dean feels Cas instinctively go lax against the warmth and pressure of Dean’s chest. The fizzing of Cas’ energy soothes into an energetic hum. The puffs of fuzz and green seem to swirl lazily about them. The touch is loose, appropriate, but yet intimate enough that they are both red in the face once their emotions settle enough to realize how close they are.
The week felt unbearably long. Dean cooked, researched, hung out, cleaned, and drank his coffee mostly alone. With Eileen around, Sam wasn’t even available to argue with most of the time. Dean supposed he had himself to blame for that.
“How are your shoulders? We had your hands above your head for a long time,” Cas says. It sounds level, but Dean knows these check-ins are the moments that make or break whether Cas comes out of this level-headed or dom-drop-y.
Dean would usually park in the garage but seeing as they've got a couple of bikes strapped to the top of his car and tons of shit to unload, he decides to park on the street for a little while.
Cas lets out a fond chuckle, "I can sort of tell. That's right, I keep forgetting the exact time difference."
Cas uses his free arm to guide Dean so they can breathe fresh air, Dean's face tucked over Cas' shoulder and his torso getting closer. Cas gently slides a leg towards Dean, one of his feet easily brushing against the cloth of his sweatpants.
His first instinct was to leave. It was ingrained in Angels to want to leave when there was danger or uncertainty. They are taught to scatter when things go wrong-- to tuck their wings and hide to prevent damage. That was how Castiel knew to protect himself. But he also knew the sharp tug that his heartfelt when he worked through Dean’s feelings about being left.
“You want to see inside my home?” Cas asks, incredulous. His heart picks up, his magic floundering all of the sudden with nerves.
Dean shakes his head, laughing incredulously, looking back at his inbox, and scrolling through it to check he hasn't missed anything. His eyes catch on another subject, hidden between junk mail.
He feels a lot of things all at once. It’s a scary, angry, depressive cocktail of emotions that are making him shake.
Dean's ass is a little raw, and it burns against the sheets as Cas quickly starts to fuck Dean down. His pace has picked up, a little more urgent than before.
"I— I wanted to call you to apologize. I've been feeling like shit all week for the way things went down," Cas says, his voice wavering.
Dean's heart ached for her: he knew what it was like to be the older sibling in an impossible situation, trying to take care of things. She is scarily protective of Jack, telling them right away that they should prioritize Jack if they are only interested in adopting or fostering one of them. She questions what school district they're in and explains that they need to be careful because Jack has a peanut allergy.
Cas frowns, his magic sparking with a little bit of indignation, “Of course, but only because I was close to hurting them.”
He's glowing with I-did-good-today, and no one even has to tell him— Dean just knows he’s been doing great work, which is rare.
Dean grins at this, "So, what do you say?" He pushes his hips back into Castiel's hands, "Should we have some fun?"
Dean slowly makes his way down the stairs with his hair still soggy, cuddled in one of Castiel's University of Chicago sweatshirts and a pair of thick sweatpants. He feels weird just being in his underwear when things are still uncertain.
Dean works Cas through aftershocks and into overstimulation. Dean enjoys Cas curling into himself a little with— "T-that's, oh, that's too much Dean. Too much!" — but he doesn't tell Dean to actually stop, so Dean knows he digs it.
"I mean, I don't intend to assume. We should go see a specialist, even both of us. You shouldn't be hurting like this."
And he couldn’t picture his life any other way. It wasn't like he was going to start wearing tight rainbow pants and watching Queer Eye obsessively. He had never even thought about—
Annabell looked like she had been crying. She was in a giant hoodie, looking small and scared beneath it. Her eyes were… empty. It reminded Dean of when he became so resolved that he would consider doing something stupid.
Cas gets one palm onto the head of Dean's dick, pressing down, and the other on his balls and seriously— there is no way Dean is going to survive this.
“Like I said, it's a goddamn miracle. Almost like someone came along and sucked the sadness right out of her,” Joey mused.
Cas nods in agreement, letting go of one of Dean's hands to collect some lube from where they're joined. He wraps his fingers around Dean's cock where it's thick and fat with arousal against his stomach.
He could have asked Uncle Bobby. He should have sucked it up and asked their grumpy uncle, but he didn't want him to think that Dean couldn't handle it. He didn't want Bobby to know how shit John had been recently, how much Dean had been picking up the slack for him.
Dean knows this, and selfishly he pretends to be asleep on Cas' chest for a while longer to make sure he gets as much of it as he can.
The table is mostly scattered with used paper plates and half warm beer bottles now. Sam is telling stories about their recent attempt to surf down by San Diego. Claire is half listening— texting some girl from her phone. Jess has her feet in Gabe’s lap where he is rubbing them gently.
“I was, of course, glad to do it for you, make no mistake. In fact, I found it quite— helpful in learning more about my ability to take on human suffering. I’ll admit that I often find myself missing the missions that heaven commanded of me. I find it very rewarding to be of use to others.”
Dean goes grocery shopping on Sunday. He buys fish, veggies, and fruit. He goes for oats and beans and whole-grain carbs. He needs to get his shit together and start eating right and exercising again. He wants Cas to come home to his perfect husband, his perfect life.
Cas squints at the mortar in front of him. The lavender he just crushed into the dish is not quite fully dried yet, and the moisture content made the dish quite sticky. Cas considers the thought that perhaps this lavender would cause the spell to retain further vitality. He holds a hand over the dish to feel for the power it contains. Dry lavender was surely aromatic, but the release of energy from recently picked herbs...
“I have been thinking about it a lot. I’m still not a fan of it, whatever emotion-mind-crap you pulled, but I get why you did it. I probably would have tried the same for you if I figured out I could vacuum up bad thoughts.”
And because Dean is an over-indulgent lover, and knows exactly what buttons push Cas into a writhing mess, he presses his palm to the head of Cas' softening cock and grinds down onto it.
Cas takes longer this time, like laying it all out there is something he's nervous about, "Don't you think this is depression, Dean?"
Cas responds after a moment, "I think I am usually quite open to telling you what I want verbally. Like the kitchen sex? Or the first time I asked you to use tongue during prep? I am much more curious about you because you never say much about anything you would like, and I want you to be aware that you are allowed to."
Cas looks pleased with that, maybe even a little proud that Dean has understood that it is ok to process. Ok to be gentle with himself.
"Don't get me wrong, I am sorry, I really shouldn't have pushed it. I shouldn't have gotten angry, that was immature of me. I am just worried about you."
Dean waits until he is eased back, and Cas' body is positioned just right. Dean uses the leverage of pressing the fronts of his thighs to the bed to prepare and snakes his left hand from Cas' nipple. It slides to where his cock is sitting, red and hot and wet— veering to the left and resting against his stomach in a way that makes him appear so debauched and vulnerable that Dean has to remind himself to keep it together.
Dean had walked into Castiel's life more quickly than any other human being. Dean, with the weight of the world on his shoulders, with his self-deprecating humor and unshakable work ethic. Dean and his desire to help the world before himself, his love for old movies and rock music, and the way he always made sure Castiel was doing alright.
That scared the fuck out of Dean, it always did. That was the hardest part of cases, seeing the victim’s family suffering, while Dean knew that he could have been there to prevent it. It was painful to see that expression on the face of a 16-year-old. Fuck, she was only a kid. He was going to need to keep an eye on her during all of this.
Castiel himself should be managing a hefty collection of Novak apothecaries. He should be at work, trying to bundle and mass-produce cooking and cleansing spells for your everyday witch and wizard. Capitalism leaves no rock unturned, not even Castiel’s life.
So Castiel stayed. He went to his bedroom and laid down on the bed and tried to meditate like he might at night. He tuned his frequency to what Dean continued to call “Angel Radio” and listened lightly to the sound of Enochian that fluttered across.
