That was all it took for Castiel to honest-to-god scream, his cock pulsing against Dean’s as the first stream of come shot out, covering them both. Some hidden instinct made Castiel surge forward and bite down hard on Dean’s neck, muffling his scream as his orgasm wracked his body. The bite sent Dean tumbling over and Castiel melted into the waves of pleasure, listening to the man groaning out a string of curses. Several streams of come joined with Castiel’s as the man gasped out his name, melting weakly against him.
The room was bare, aside from the chair he sat in, and a desk just out of reach. There was a container on the desk covered with a towel, and he was terrified of what could be in it, though he had a horrifying idea. There was a thick layer of dust over everything, which immediately dashed any hopes of being accidentally stumbled upon. This place hadn’t been touched in years, it was obvious.
His whole face hurt, where Uriel had taken particular pleasure in ‘messing up that pretty look’. That was the final time he had passed out. Uriel had started beating him, and not stopped until he was unconscious.
“No, I have to. It’s just... It’s hard, you know?” He asked, glancing up. Dean nodded, so he continued. “Michael runs the ‘family business’ ever since my parents passed. I was supposed to run it with him, but I didn’t want a part of it. So I left when I was eighteen, which was also when I got my inheritance and bought this place. Michael wasn’t happy, as I’m sure you can imagine, but he cut a deal with me. The inheritance I got, he said was only if I had run the business with him. So, instead of taking me through court, he said if I agreed to pay him the inheritance back and checked in with him weekly, he’d leave me alone. So I did. The check in’s are mostly to make sure I’m not doing anything - or anyone - he wouldn’t approve of.”
Dean was the one who broke through the burnt door of the building, Benny by his side. As the chief, Benny should have been at the truck, but he never asked his crew to do anything he wouldn’t do. So they’d gained access, broken their way through the still burning family home, until they came across the scene Dean would never forget.
Okay, that was weird. Dean frowned, but Charlie just shrugged and followed Sam out the door, leaving him with Missouri. The woman just smiled at him again and made her way over to take Charlie’s seat beside his bed, rummaging in her purse as she did. Finally, she pulled out a small zip-lock bag, and she grinned at Dean mischievously.
He opened his mouth to suggest that they all go play a game of pool - but something else came out instead.
“That’s fine.” Sam answered, making Castiel sit back in confusion. “I.. Well, you seem like an important person in his life. And I’d like to meet you. If that’s okay?”
“Let’s go home.” Dean told him softly, then turned to the group. “You’re all coming to celebrate with us, by the way.”
Dean froze as Castiel’s hands moved down toward the jeans he wore. His mind refused to catch up, spinning as he felt the button pop, the zip pull down. Cas was slow and careful as he slipped his hands beneath the fabric at his sides, slowly pushing the lower part of his clothing down.
Gabriel had then proceeded to order an absolutely ridiculous amount of alcohol. Sam had managed to invite practically everyone they knew, as well as getting a jukebox for the night. Bobby, Ellen and Jo had arrived first, congratulating Dean on their win as well as Castiel. Charlie had arrived soon after, gleefully high-fiving them before disappearing with Jo. Jess showed up too, and hugged the two of them before sticking to Sam’s side for the rest of the night.
“Now, child, I know they said you ain’t allowed anything to eat, but I don’t think chocolate counts now does it?” She asked with a soft laugh as she produced a couple of dark, fudgy brownies.
Weird, but okay. Dean dragged himself out of bed, not really thinking about what he was doing. It was easier to just follow the instructions. He went into the bathroom as instructed, cupped his hands under the cold water and let them fill. He listened to the steady sound of the water running. He felt the cold wetness on his skin as he dipped his face into his cupped hands, the water washing away the tears. He noticed the way that when he lifted his head, the droplets clung to his hair but ran down his face.
Dean took a moment to just look at Castiel, who was watching him carefully. If he didn’t know better, he would think the professor cared about the answer. But that wouldn’t be the case. They’d known each other only a few days, and only as a work acquaintance. Yet, he wondered. He thought he caught a brief flash of disappointment in those eyes, just as Castiel turned away.
The medics had jumped into action when they heard the noise, and the little girl was whisked away. Confused and crying, but safe and unharmed. He’d waited, and waited, watching the door, refusing offers of water – but when the rest of his crew had exited with the woman, he knew she was gone. He’d failed, and left a baby without its mother.
“No!” Dean shouted, staring at the both of them for a moment. He sighed, then continued. “Look, I went up there to… To get away, think, you know? I know it was dumb, where I was sitting, but I thought I’d be fine. Don’t get me wrong, I thought about it once but… I changed my mind straight away. I couldn’t do that to you, Sammy.”
Dean was groggy, fuzzy. He knew he’d spent a long time crying, but beyond that his memory was blank. Right now, he felt weightless, his head nestled into Castiel’s neck. As seconds ticked by, he slowly came back to himself, eventually realising that he was being carried in strong arms. The back of his knees were tucked over Castiel’s arm, while his own arms wrapped around Castiel’s shoulders.
Castiel’s thumb was gently rubbing circles into his skin again – this time it was on his wrist, right on his pulse point. Dean watched the man’s thumb rubbing his skin, slowly relaxing again, despite that Castiel was rubbing right over the four lines on his wrist, the thin burn lines. God, he was so broken, wasn’t he? But still, that didn’t stop him from enjoying the gentle, consistent pressure on his wrist. It seemed to help and slowly, his breathing evened out again.
Dean frowned slightly, but he relented with a nod. By this point they had finished breakfast, and they rinsed the dishes off together. It took a bit longer than it should have, seeing as how Castiel kept flicking water at Dean, who retaliated by snapping the tea towel at his ass.
The elevator dinged it’s arrival and Castiel tumbled into it, his back hitting the wall as he slammed his hand on the button for his floor. Uriel’s dark laughter followed him as the doors closed, leaving him panting and trembling, struggling to remind himself to
“Yeah man, sorry bout that. Been a bit messed up, you know.” Dean shrugged after he let go, grinning a little to hide the tension. “How you been getting on? Keeping your nose clean?”
Dean handed her the letter, bringing his hands up to cover the tears that were streaming uncontrollably down his face. He tried to count his breathing, slow it down, but he couldn’t. His chest was tight, too tight, and his throat was closing up. He could feel Sam’s hand on his arm, trying to pull his hand away from his face, but he wouldn’t let him. He couldn’t stop, he knew he was going to have a complete episode, and he didn’t want Sam to watch it. But he couldn’t say a word, because all his focus was on getting enough air and trying to ignore that familiar rushing sound in his ears.
“Dean I won’t... I can’t.. Last long, at this pace...” Cas was breathing hard, his cock swelling to an impossible hardness inside Dean as his climax drew nearer.
He bobbed slowly, taking more of Dean into his mouth with every stroke until finally he bypassed his gag reflex, his nose pressed into Dean’s soft curls. Dean writhed under him, making soft moans and gasps as he worked the cock in his mouth. He delighted in the way Dean’s fingers tightened in his hair, urging him on. His tongue pressed against the under side, bringing a gasp and another moan from the man’s mouth.
They finished the meal in relative silence, until they were completely full and slouched back in their seats. They made idle chat for some time, until the food settled enough for an actual conversation. Castiel noticed Dean glancing around the apartment for the first time, and he felt shame flood through him. He’d forgotten about the state of his home when he invited Dean over. Now, however, he wished he’d insisted on bringing the lunch to Dean’s apartment.
“Sure thing, I’ll just finish up.” Gabriel was quiet as he typed a few more lines, then shut the laptop and dragged it’s case over to begin packing it away.
Need. He said need, not want. He felt a momentary flash of worry at his use of the word, but it disappeared at the sight of the smile that lit Dean’s face up.
“Dean, this is more than I could have imagined.” Castiel turned to him, wetness stinging at his eyes. “Thank you.”
Dean took a few more moments, still indulging in the fact that he could touch Castiel like this, be held by him. He let his head rest lightly on Castiel’s shoulder for a moment before finally lifting it and stepping back slightly, his eyes meeting Castiel’s as he smiled lightly.
The two lay together for a few moments, soft groans and broken whimpers slipping out as each of them moved slightly. Eventually, however, it had to end, and Castiel slowly pulled out, wincing at the oversensitive feeling when Dean clenched harder around him. He rolled off the man, dropping to his side on the floor - only to wince at the pain of nail tracks. It was uncomfortable now, but he would be lying if he said he didn’t enjoy the pain the other man had caused him. He glanced at Dean, eyes raking over his naked body, then bit down on his bottom lip guiltily.
“I mean… It was an accident, kinda. I should have backed off straight away, I knew he wanted to keep the relationship ‘professional’,” Dean literally used air quotes sarcastically, rolling his eyes at the thought. Their relationship was already crossing the line, maybe not physically, but still. “But I didn’t and I, we almost kissed. And now he’s different.”
“Come on now, boy. I gotcha.” The Officer, Bobby apparently, muttered softly while shaking a head at Castiel over Dean’s shoulder. “Harvelle, you right with him for a bit?”
The rest of the day went pretty smoothly for Dean. He concentrated well enough on his work and put the effort into learning what Castiel was teaching. There were a few times he noticed a mistake and started to beat himself up about it – but every time he remembered his instruction and used his beads, telling himself it was okay to make mistakes. He didn’t know if he believed it or not, but it didn’t matter. Because Castiel believed it.
Also just a note to say thankyou everyone for reading, following, and commenting. I appreciate everyone's support.
It took some manoeuvring, but soon Castiel had his pants pushed down and one hand wrapped around his own shaft. Sucking Dean off was exciting him so much that he had to pause, clamping his hand around the base of his cock, letting the fire in his belly abate before continuing.
The pleasure shooting through him, from his spine to his abdomen, was incredible. Sure, he’d had blowjobs before, but something about this was indescribably different. Castiel’s mouth on his cock felt like nothing he had ever known, and he barely heard himself moaning out loudly as his hips bucked forward against his will.
It took a moment for Castiel to realise that ‘Harvelle’ was the young blonde Officer, who nodded at Bobby in affirmation. Bobby grunted and looked back at Castiel, nodding his head toward the apartment in a silent request for entrance. Castiel stood aside quickly, holding the door open so that the Officer could usher Dean inside, who still hadn’t let go.
Just as quickly, everything changed, and he yelped as he felt a wet heat around his cock, setting off white lights behind his eyes as his mind spinned out of control. His hands shot down to grab hold of whatever it was, and he found himself gripping onto strands of hair as he gasped in deep breaths, trying to center himself.
His speech was met with silence as Sam, Jack and Castiel stared at him, dumbfounded. He was shocked himself, the speech coming out from somewhere deep inside him that craved for just
She shooed him away as she took a mouthful of beer, encouraging Kevin to do the same. Dean shrugged and went to sit on the couch with Sam. They talked quietly, little stories about what they had been doing lately, mostly to distract themselves from the situation. Bobby and Jo came back with large bags, which they quickly learned contained an arsenal of weapons.
Dean took a steeling breath, then made his way to Jody’s desk. She saw him approach and stood, nodding her head toward the hallway, away from the muted conversation from the hundreds of agents around them. Dean followed, trepidation increasing with every step – by the time Jody ushered him into a small meeting room, he was visibly shaking, and he hated it. He hated that he was so weak and dumb that he would completely lose it, just because he was losing his job. He was a grown man, he should be better than this.
Dean glanced over at his brother and grinned slightly. Sam was standing, but he didn’t miss the way his brother quickly bent his knees as he’d spoken. He appeared stable enough, however, giving Dean confidence that his brother would be fine as he turned his attention back to the angel, who was still sitting.
“I, well I don’t have it on hand here, but I’m sure I can find the documents you need when we get home.” Michael was definately flustered, judging by the uncertainty in his voice.
“Jo-anna Beth, you leave that boy alone right now.” Ellen’s voice rang out through the café, and Dean had never been so grateful to hear it.
“So get this,” Sam broke the silence around the table, causing Cas, Dean and Gabriel to all look at him expectantly. Everyone else had long left the apartment after welcoming Castiel home. “Charlie got me the information I needed on your parents’ will, Cas. There’s nothing in there about any conditions on your inheritance - in fact, this clause explicitly says it’s to be passed to you on your eighteenth birthday with no conditions, exclusions or contracts.”
Dean frowned, twisting his fingers together again. He didn’t have a response to that. I mean sure, it sounded similar to what he was experiencing, but he should be better than that. Stronger. Other people seemed to manage just fine, yet here he was, broken and useless.
Dean laughed softly, not doubting that she would do exactly that, and shook his head. After a few moments of thinking about what she had said he nodded slightly, his decision made. He shuffled out of the booth and stood, shooting her a grateful smile.
Dean stared at the woman he’d barely met for a few moments. Was she actually serious? As her fingers paused again he decided that yes, she was, and scurried to do as asked. Within minutes he plonked down the entire pepperoni pizza, along with two beers. At her raised eyebrow, he shrugged apologetically. The boy, Kevin, stayed silent, looking absolutely terrified.
Dean nodded to her and left, promising briefly to let her know how things worked out. As he left the café he followed the path they had taken what seemed like forever ago, when Castiel had invited him for breakfast. Limping along the path, he let his thoughts drift.
“Just… Wow, Dean. You trusting anyone is a big deal, especially in such a short time.” Sam told him, then blew out a breath and frowned. “It sounds like he does care... And I know you don’t want to hear it, but be careful, please. I just don’t want to see you hurt again.”
“Oh.” Castiel flushed in embarrassment and dropped his eyes. He felt guilty about assuming that Dean was the spoiled rich kid, and now understood.
“I want you to take the rest of the week off.” Jody told him, her gaze brooking no argument. “It’s paid, and it’s not coming out of your leave, so don’t argue. I’ve sorted it out with the rostering team.”
Dean was surprised at how quickly Castiel was picking up the movements and commented on how well the angel was doing. It didn’t take long before Cas had pulled one hand back, and they began skating side by side. They still had one hand linked, though, and Dean kept telling himself it was for stability.
He could feel the vibration around his cock as he shot down Dean’s throat and barely glanced down to catch the sight of Dean striping the floor with his come, swallowing his seed down greedily.
“Is that legal?” Dean asked doubtfully as he stared at the small redhead and young man hunched over a laptop on the dining table.
A new voice coming from the doorway startled both men and they turned to look at who had spoken. Dean recognised Naomi, head of the training and development department, watching Castiel with a faintly disapproving stare. Dean had never liked that woman, ever since he had first been trained in this job and she had threatened to fire him on his second day for ‘not shining his shoes well enough’. Most of the staff hated her too, but there was nothing to be done – she might be a bitch, but she was also the boss’ daughter.
The second time, he was aware that he was hurting. His whole body was in pain and he could hardly move. He cried out, trying to tell someone, trying to figure out what was happening. A familiar face crossed his vision – Sam, maybe – but then he was pushed away, quiet words were spoken about a sedative or something… Then he was slipping back under.
“Not my fault you’re a sex addict that wants me before coffee.” Dean grinned, rolling his growing erection against Cas’.
Dean cracked another beer, the seventh or eighth he’d had so far. Honestly, he’d lost count by this point, but he knew he was feeling relaxed and certainly a little buzzy. He was sitting on the edge of a multi-level parking lot that he’d found, six levels high. His feet hung over the edge, swinging without a care as he stared down at the long drop. He’d managed to find a spot where the fence surrounding the top level was broken and was sitting on the edge, enjoying the slight rush it brought. He’d already had his episode, dealt with it, and now he was just sitting on an edge getting drunk as hell and knowing how dangerous a position he was in, but not caring.
“Cut the crap, Winchester. I know you.” She sighed, and Dean watched as the anger slipped away, replaced with pity. “I don’t get you, though. You’re good at your job – one of the best here.” Dean scoffed, but she held up a hand to stop him. “You are, Dean. I wish you could see yourself the way you truly are.”
“Dean.” Castiel interrupted half way through the babbling, and waited silently until Dean looked at him. “I think perhaps we have the wrong idea about each other.”
The light of the sun was peeking through a crack in the block out curtains, letting a nice sort of light and warmth through the room. He glanced around the room, taking in his surroundings, and noticing them in a way he never really took time to do.
Crouching down, the three made their way through the shrubs and trees, keeping themselves relatively hidden. Charlie stowed the phone and pulled out a gun of her own; Bobby and Dean already had theirs drawn. Dean moved stealthily, keeping his eyes peeled for any sound or movement, but there was none.
Cas hummed against his skin, sending a shiver through him as he breathed over that oh so sensitive spot on his neck.
Castiel, for his part, had become apprehensive as they arrived at the skatel. Even now, while Dean was helping him ‘gear up’, he was nervous. Skating looked easy, but now that he was here, he wasn’t sure he would be good at it. Still, he thought as he noticed Dean glancing at his brother and Jack on another bench, the hunter had promised to help him.
Someone nudged his shoulder, and he turned to see Sam standing beside him with a sympathetic face and a fresh cup coffee held out. He took the cup gratefully, sipping at it as he stared blankly ahead. He was dimly aware of Sam’s comforting arm moving to rest lightly over his shoulders.
“Don’t you dare tell me to calm down, Dean Winchester.” Castiel shot a glare over his shoulder, then turned it back on Gabriel, trying to wipe the tears from his cheeks. “Gabriel... I missed you. I needed you. I’m happy to see you, but there’s a reason you’re here.”
The room went quiet for a moment, just enough for him to realise the amount of people that were here. As he glanced around he noticed Bobby, Charlie, Kevin and Sam all in the room - all quickly avoiding his gaze.
Dean spent most of his time off for lack of a better word, moping. He had locked himself into his room on Tuesday afternoon and stayed there, ignoring Sam knocking on the door to ask if he was okay.
Dean didn’t acknowledge them yet. He dropped his eyes to the box in his hands. Castiel hadn’t even waited for him to open it, which was odd. He opened it now, carefully, finding a book inside. Letting go, by David Hawkins. He frowned at the book, then opened the cover.
“If either of us is drunk it must be you for the past several nights!” Castiel spat, cutting the man off and jabbing a finger at his chest childishly. “Do you have any respect for people or are you so caught up in your rich boy fantasy with your fancy new apartment that you just didn’t think that some of us have to actually work for a living?!”
Three heads turned to the doorway to find a woman standing there, watching them with a curious expression. She seemed to have been listening in on the conversation, and Dean wasn’t quite sure how he felt about that. She held a large notebook in her hands, and Dean assumed she was one of the hospital staff or something.
“Cas, I’m not gonna judge you. I know how cruel people can be and what they say. But you, you’re strong. Confident. Collected. Anxiety doesn’t define who you are, it’s just part of you. And that’s not a bad thing.” Dean stared at him, waiting for him to accept the words. Eventually Castiel smiled, and the man nodded before he continued with another question. “You get attached easily?”
“I mean like, chick flick cliché type accident.” Dean snorted and shook his head. “I tripped, he caught me, we were practically on top of each other and our… our lips brushed.”
He felt bad for not actually saying goodbye, but he couldn’t do it. Thoughts swirled through his head as he automatically made his way to the kitchen, rinsed his cup, and made his way out of the building. He wasn’t completely stupid - he knew he was attracted to Castiel, on a major level. But he couldn’t be, he had to stop it, control it. Because it was dangerous. He was dangerous. Castiel was too easy to talk to, too easy to let in - and if Dean let him in, he would be hurt. Because Dean was too dangerous, too broken, too stupid, to be allowed to be close to anyone.
“-Oh. Great. That’s great. Thankyou. I should probably...” Castiel glanced around himself, only now realising this whole conversation had happened in the elevator.
Dean frowned more, rolling to his side and propping his head up on his hand as he stared at the dark haired beauty.
Cas moved his mouth instantly to the sensitive spot on Dean’s neck and bit down, drawing out a long groan, then sucked hard on the spot. He was feeling particularly possessive tonight, and he wanted his mark on the man. Dean made no objections, his hands moving to loosen Castiel’s pants just enough for his hand to dip inside. As Dean’s fingers closed around his cock he punched out a moan, rolling onto his back as he released the skin between his lips.
“Well... I might have messed with some employment records, that now say you’ve been permanent full time for the past twelve months. I also might have put in your request for annual leave, and approved it. I also may have rewritten some company policies that allow you three months paid leave due to work related trauma.... Sooo...”
I said in the start I was writing this as a form of therapy. Well, happy to say that, it worked! Writing it out, our boys once again helped me through a tough time and taught me that it wasn't my fault. It also meant I wasn't really comfortable with writing some more explicit scenes with this story, but I hope you forgive me. It just hit a bit too close to home, and it felt disrespectful.
Dean parted his fingers over his eyes just in time to see a satisfied smirk flitting across his brother’s face.
“Yeah. Yeah, whatever. I’ll need a few drinks but yeah.” Dean answered, then stared down at the bottle in his hands.
Castiel chuckled slightly and shook his head. He seemed to take a moment to gather his thoughts, his eyes shifting up to stare at the sky through the canopy of trees over them. His hand kept on twisting the beads, undoing them from his wrist and putting them back on. Dean watched quietly, wondering if it was a reaction for anxiety, or if he was counting, or something completely different. Castiel always seemed to play with those beads whenever he was focused, or stressed.
“Cas.. Cas..” He gasped out the angel’s name as the climax approached, so close, he could feel it, he drew in a deep, shaking breath...
Dean looked up once more, only to see tears running down Castiel’s cheeks. He reached out carefully, and slowly placed his hand on Castiel’s cheek, wiping the tears away with his thumb. Castiel sighed and pressed his face into Dean’s hand, sending a warmth through Dean for a moment – but he pulled away, trying not to notice the sad look in Castiel’s eyes when he did.
And then it did, and they were falling, landing hard on the floor in a tangle of limbs. Dean was shocked for a moment, staring at Cas on top of him in surprise. The angel was panting hard, pupils blown wide and eyes darkened with desire.
He nodded slightly, mulling it over in his head. In his peripheral vision, he caught Dean watching him - when he looked up, however, Dean was busy looking elsewhere as he stood and stowed the phone away. He stretched his arms up over his head, and Cas couldn’t help noticing the strip of bare skin that showed as his shirt rode up. The grin Dean shot him moments later confirmed that he’d been caught.
“Look, man, I don’t know how much you’ve had to drink, but I’m gonna be hanging around here for a bit and I’d appreciate if you didn’t block my path with your drunken inability to unlock your damn door. I got work to do, right?”
“He certainly did,” Castiel chuckled as Dean glared playfully at Gabriel. “Though, we don’t know the outcome yet.”
As they walked, Dean shook the mala beads down off his wrist and ran them through his fingers. He counted each one, and as he counted he took a single measured breath for each bead. It helped to keep him calm and breathing normally, and his mind was relatively quiet on the walk. When they finally stopped at Dean’s car, he turned to look at Castiel and smiled slightly – because Castiel was also using his beads.
“No, dude, calm down.” Dean laughed softly, then stared at his beer bottle as he held it, tracing the rim with a finger. “He’s fine. He’s nice. Just… A bit different, I guess.”
“Fine. I also want you to take the voluntary training they’re offering. It starts on Monday and runs for two weeks, full pay.” Jody slid a folder over to him, and he glanced down at it. “It could get you into payroll. I know that’s something you wanted to do.”
Dean nodded quickly, and went to do as asked. Within minutes he had another coffee placed in front of Charlie, and was back in the group huddled near the wall, which was pretty much everyone except Charlie and Kevin. Gabriel still looked shocked, staring around at everything.
Finally, Castiel released him and Dean slid off gently, carefully licking the few stray drops of come off the base of his cock. Castiel shivered slightly, oversensitive, and flopped back on the bed.
“So listen… I noticed that you seem to be doing better, and it seems to be tied in with when you started this training.” Sam started carefully. “Just wondering, and I swear I’m not teasing but... Does it have to do with anyone in particular?”
“By the power vested in me, I pronounce you husbands. Castiel Winchester, you may now kiss your husband.”
After a few minutes Castiel finally raised his head and dropped his hand, letting out a long breath. He glanced over at Dean, who was comforted to note that his eyes were back to their normal blue shade.
The following morning, Castiel was greeted with a pounding headache that instantly put him in a bad mood. He glared at his reflection as he shaved carefully, following an overly long and *relieving* shower. He muttered curses at his coffee machine, and pouted moodily as he sat on the couch to write a task list for the day. In his bad mood the night before, he had totally forgotten he had two days off work. Of course, that meant the washing could have waited - but then again it meant he could fit more in today. Within half an hour he had a carefully scheduled list compiled, every second of his day accounted for.
Ready for the day, he finally glanced up to check the time – only to see a man standing at the desk that was at the front and off to the side, glaring at the screen of a laptop as though it had personally offended him by its mere presence.
“I would prefer if you didn’t call yourself names, Dean.” Castiel told him firmly, and Dean nodded slightly. “May I take a look? This bandage is far too loose.”
Then Cas was pressing inside him, and all thought left his mind in a haze of pleasure. The burn was disconcerting, however it somehow added to the pleasure as Cas moved gently, incrementally, until he finally, finally bottomed out, drawing a throaty groan from both of them.
“I-“ Dean faltered, then his face fell. Bobby was right. “I didn’t mean to. He’s my brother - I’ll always love him, I never meant to hurt him. Why didn’t he just tell me?”
The sound that left Cas’ mouth could best be described as a cry, somewhere between grief and relief, as their lips crashed together in a desperate, passionate kiss.
“Hm.” Castiel stared into the now empty cup. “Listen Sam. Why don’t you come over. I don’t think Dean will be working today, somehow, and he’ll be more comfortable here. You can talk about everything and figure things out.”
“I’m sorry Dean, I was thinking. Do you really have to go?” Castiel flushed as soon as the words were out - that was meant to be a thought.
“Yep. Got a lot to do. But hey, I can come back tonight and get started on some work in here?” Dean asked, face alight in a way that Castiel imagined could be hope. “I mean.. if you don’t have plans, or anything. You probably do, though. It is the night to party, so I mean, some other time-“
Dean couldn’t find any words, too shocked by the kiss to form any kind of question. By the time he had come to terms with what happened, Castiel was gone. Sam and Charlie came back into the room moments later and sat in their chairs silently.
He glanced back up at Dean, who was nodding slowly as he worried his bottom lip between his teeth. No response came, and Cas felt his heart tug with shame. It wasn’t going to be quite so easy to smooth this over, he realised. He dropped his eyes again.
He remained in a crouch and slowly crept forward until he could peer around the corner. The room was empty. He signalled Bobby and Charlie forward with one hand to follow, then made his way inside, his eyes darting everywhere. Once he had cleared the room he raised up to his full height, taking in his surroundings.
“We weren’t on the - ah - best of terms, then...” Castiel trailed off, a blush creeping up his neck at the memory of that particular night.
It wasn’t until half an hour later, once he was clean and curled up in his bed, that he realised everything was quiet now. There was no banging, no music - it was peaceful, as was his mind. That was strange, he thought. He couldn’t remember the last time his mind had been so settled. And so he drifted into an easy sleep, with a slight smile on his face.
“Oh, he won’t be getting another cent from you, little bro. I haven’t spoken to him since I’ve been here, so he’s got no idea what’s been happening. I think we keep it that way until we come up with a plan.” Gabriel leaned back in his seat, twirling the lolly thoughtfully. “I mean, we could just give this information to the police, but it just seems too easy that way, doesn’t it?”
”Man, what is it with you? Is life that bad you gotta drag everyone else down? Or do you just need someone to take it out on when you have a rough day? Not that I mind but seriously, if life sucks so much, change it.”
Gabriel sighed and dropped his eyes, making his heart sink. Part of him had been hoping that what he was thinking and saying wasn’t true, but Gabriel’s reaction just confirmed it. There was definately a reason, and it wasn’t a good one, judging from the way champagne eyes met his with desperate pleading.
“Ah, you’re awake again.” Uriel drawled as he stepped into his line of sight. “Good. Wouldn’t want you to miss this.”
He didn’t know who hit the call button, but within seconds a nurse was beside him, trying to help him calm down while she yelled for someone to page Ms. Moseley. He could hear someone screaming in anguish, and he was briefly confused - until he realised that sound was coming from him. He could hear Sam telling him it was going to be okay, his voice fading away as the darkness took over and pulled him under.
“Hmph. Well, there’d better be food and coffee for me too.” Sam grumbled, peering around him to check.
By the end of the day Dean was ready to just crawl into bed and cry. And when Castiel excused the class five minutes early, claiming that he had to attend a meeting, Dean nearly crumbled. Castiel didn’t want to talk to him, all over that one stupid moment. Why hadn’t Dean controlled himself better? Why did he have to go and put them both in that situation?
With perfect timing, the door to the coffee shop swung open and Charlie entered with Bobby. Her eyes scanned the room until they found the group, and she feigned excitement as she bounced over to the booth.
Dean sat him on the couch and, without any preamble, sat behind him and pulled Cas’ back against his chest, arms wrapping around his front. He frowned slightly - this was different, and he was going to ask about it, before Dean’s chin rested on his shoulder and he spoke softly.
Sorry this took awhile, had a bit of a block. I'm going to try to get another chapter up tomorrow. :)
“Oh man, this has been great. It’s so good to chill out and see you laughing.” Sam smiled, and Dean just nodded.
“What you did to me in there...” Dean breathed as he worked kisses down Cas’ neck, hands roaming freely under his shirt. “Shit, Cas... Never been so turned on... Didn’t know you were such a filthy bastard...”
Castiel hissed as his cup of tea sloshed over, burning an angry red mark across his wrist and hand. He slammed the cup down on the counter, thrusting his burnt limb under running water in the sink. His head dropped onto the countertop as tears sprang to his eyes, not from the pain, but rather from frustration at hearing the loud banging coming from the apartment one over - the banging that he’d had no relief from for three nights, and had made him jump and burn himself in the first place.
Castiel realised he was positioning himself over his cock with absolutely no prep, and he felt a jolt of fear through the excitement. Dean’s hands dug into his shoulders as the man wriggled his hips, getting Castiel’s cock head in just the right spot before starting to push down.
“I…” Dean was at a loss, not sure what to say to that. Castiel was quiet on the other end, and Dean knew it was because he was patiently waiting for Dean to figure out his thoughts. Eventually, he spoke again. “Cas, man, I don’t know if I can do that. It’s… It’s all I think about. Everything I’ve done wrong, everything I could do wrong…”
Dean glanced around the familiar office, taking in the smells and feel of the place that always put him at ease. Missouri didn’t come back straight away, and he knew she was letting him settle in, letting him take those few moments that he needed. He’d been seeing her every week for three months now, and she’d gotten used to his habits quickly.
In that moment Dean realised that keeping that clear line between them was going to be more difficult than he had realised.
Castiel held his gaze for a few moments, seeming to be waiting or searching for something. But he said nothing more on the subject – the man simply nodded and stepped back, leaving Dean some room to grab his things. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding and stood with his satchel in hand.
Dean shrugged and walked past her to the kitchen, not meeting either of their eyes. Sam held out a cup of freshly brewed coffee for him though, which made him look up and give him a grateful nod. The look on Sam’s face told him he wasn’t about to get out of this easily, and he sighed and turned back around to face Charlie as she started talking again.
Dean got lost in his thoughts somewhat as he wandered the aisles of the local supermarket, picking up things he needed. He missed his parents, sometimes. Most of the time he didn’t think about them, or talk about them, because it would just start hurting. But he did miss them. Ever since John had died in a car accident, several years ago, there was nobody left to think of as the parent. He had nobody to ask for help now, and it sucked.
As Castiel watched, he saw the moment the man’s instincts kicked in, and yet he was helpless to resist. He was slammed back against the door, and arm pressed hard against his chest to hold him still. Castiel’s eyes widened, a shocked gasp leaving his lips at the rough treatment. He met simmering green eyes, the tension building between them. One move would make it snap, and yet Castiel couldn’t help his eyes tracking the tongue that flicked out across the man’s lips. His eyes darkened, fire shooting straight to his groin.
Dean stared at the device that showed a little red dot as Castiel’s location. There were little icons at the bottom of the screen, and Dean pointed at them in confusion, as they weren’t there before. Specifically, a little heart on the bottom left.
He thought, leaning back against the shower wall and letting his head drop back. His eyes closed as he ran his hands down, over his chest and down his belly. His breath hitched as he circled around the base of his cock, not touching it yet, teasing.
“Who am I?! I’ll tell you, I’m the poor bastard trying to get some sleep while you carry on louder than a truck parade in here!”
His movements became less quiet as he moved faster, searching for his target. Castiel couldn’t have left the copse of trees, surely. He couldn’t have lost his chance to ambush the angel, no way. As he started to panic, he saw it - just the edge of a tan trench coat, behind a tree to his right.
“I said, I want to come and help you in the apartment.” Castiel repeated, taking a small bite of bacon as he pushed his diary across the table.
Oh also, I'm Aussie, so my spelling is going to be Aussie English (mostly). Sorry not sorry. But if there's anything I get really wrong in terms of naming things (Trash can, creek, etc) feel free to let me know so I can fix it. :)
“Fuckin’ chickenshit.” Dean scolded himself and shook his head again, went to take a swig of beer but it was empty.
Cas was his best friend. Dean was strung out and seriously needed to get laid. And mister angel-of-the-lord probably had no idea what doing something like that meant. Of course, he would just see that Dean had a problem and assume that he could help relieve it.
“Nah. Jo is pretty much my sister. When Sammy and I moved here, she along with Ellen and Uncle Bobby were the first ones we got to know. Uncle Bobby is related, but we kind of adopted ourselves into the rest of the family.” Dean explained, then turned a glare onto Jo. “Really, Jo? REO?”
“We need to get to work, Dean.” Castiel glanced at him meaningfully, and Dean mercifully seemed to understand.
“Not at all.” Uriel seemed finally done talking as he stopped beside the desk, fingering the edge of the towel. “Just doing his work.”
A quiet groan brought his thoughts to a screeching halt, and he glanced at Castiel in surprise. The man had his eyes closed, a look of pure enjoyment on his face as he chewed slowly, the sandwich held loosely in his hands. Dean had a feeling in that moment he knew exactly how Cas had felt the night before.
“Yes sir, 28 days after we receive your mail. Now, was there anything further I could assist you with today?”
“Yeah, okay. Just call it a night, okay? I’ll call in pizza and we can have a beer. You’ve gotta be at training again tomorrow morning.”
He worried that when the job was finished, Dean wouldn’t have a reason to come back anymore. Despite what he had said a few weeks back about not wanting to lose what they were building, Castiel couldn’t help the anxiety that prickled at his brain, looking for anything Dean might have said that indicated this wasn’t going to last.
His co-worker and friend, Charlie, shot him a questioning look from the desk beside his. Dean glanced at her screen, saw that she was on a call, and shook his head. It was probably better – he wanted to avoid breaking down, if he could. He had spent far too much time in the last year having breakdowns at work and, honestly, he was surprised his dismissal had taken this long.
“Hey, Charles.” He answered quietly, opening his eyes. The room was… oddly dim. Only some of the lights had been turned on. “How long was I out?”
Dean huffed a sarcastic laugh, and without even thinking of it, he shook the mala beads off his wrist and started running them through his fingers, counting them as he hadn’t needed to do in a while. Where he used to pull out the knife and lighter in these times, now he instinctively went for the beads instead. It was comforting, and after a deep breath, he pushed into his story.
“You look amazing like this.” Dean breathed as Castiel repositioned himself, bracing his hands on Dean’s shoulders.
“No. No, I can’t. He hurt me, and I tried to talk to him, and he shut me out. Why is he doing this now? Why not when I needed him?”
Dean listened to the footsteps as they drew closer to his hiding place, holding his breath - and they continued straight past him and further into the trees. Dean stayed where he was for a moment - he wasn’t going to ambush the angel just yet, rather give him some time to let his guard down.
He rolled his hips again, relishing the soft whimper from Dean as he rubbed his already aching erection against Dean’s through their clothes. Dean arched against him as his hand moved around to the man’s ass, gripping hard.
“I’m sorry, what? Not your choice?” Dean laughed bitterly, shaking his head. “What, did someone else write that letter? Someone else reject my calls?”
For a Saturday night, the rink was pretty empty. That was a fact he was glad of as he skated a few experimental rounds, to get a feel for the activity again. He decided to skip cross overs - that would end in disaster if the others tried it - exaggerating his movements as he turned his upper body toward the direction he wanted to go, his feet following the movement to allow him to skate corners with ease.
“You still do that, huh?” Gabriel asked quietly, motioning to the list he was altering in his journal.
He watched as the stranger froze, moving only his head to glance up at the weapons trained on him. His eyebrows shot up and his eyes widened comically, quickly followed by his hands moving up in a surrendering gesture.
“Then don’t.” Castiel whispered back, worried. He brought his other hand up to gently stroke through Dean’s hair. “Stay here. Stay with me.”
“I’m sorry, you know. About yesterday. You shouldn’t have had to do that.” He took a deep breath and glanced at Castiel. The man was staring at the water, just watching it thoughtfully, not responding. “I just… I’m not great with a lot of things. I lost something, and I guess it just got the better of me.”
“If you’re implying that I would pay you with sex, I am most certainly not going to do that. I know we’ve had a few encounters, but I am certainly not a whore and-“
He moved closer, carefully manoeuvring himself into a position where he could guide Cas’ arms. As it turned out he ended up to Cas’ left side, knees practically straddling the angel’s leg so that he had the reach to lay his arms over the top of his. He felt a shock run through the other male’s body as his hands layered over the top of Cas’ and tried to ignore it, holding barely an inch between their bodies.
That single sound blew every thought out of his mind right then and there, causing an actual whimper to bubble out of his throat. Cas chuckled, prompting an indignant response from Dean. The protest died on his lips, however, as Cas had managed to slip a hand between the wall and himself, pulling Dean hard against him with a hand on his ass.
Dean shook his head at his brother, then glanced at the angel’s body - he realised that while he had just come in his pants like a freakin teenager, Cas was still sporting a rather impressive erection that was still pressing against his thigh.
Cas didn’t reply, leaning down to brush kisses over his lips, cheeks, neck - anywhere he could reach, encouraging him silently to continue.
Dean was begging, pressing up to gain contact with every inch of Cas’ skin he could possibly manage.
“Jerk.” Sam grinnned at the old banter. “But seriously Dean. I don’t think he wants you to back off. Can I ask though, are you guys.. you know...”
“It’s understandable. When you have heavy conversations, it puts a strain on your emotions and thoughts. It’s quite normal to feel tired after something like that.” Castiel told him, then glanced at the clock. “Our time is almost up. The class will be back soon. Right now, I would like you to go and eat something, as well as drink some water. Water, not coffee, Dean. Come back in ten minutes.”
The group agreed, and split to head to their respective places. Cas sighed as he slipped into the booth, pressing himself against the wall. He picked up a menu, but he could barely read the words. His hands shook, and he felt light headed.
“How fast you think you can get your brother out here?” Dean asked Gabriel, obviously ignoring Castiel.
“I just don’t want things to change.” When Castiel frowned at him, Dean continued. “This. I feel good now, and safe, but what happens next week? This will stop, and you’ll be gone, and-”
“What’s what? Oh - Oh my god - it’s linked! Dean, that’s his heartbeat! We’re close enough that it’s picked up the signal!” Charlie whispered excitedly, then her face formed a frown after she tapped the little heart. “Oh. It’s... It’s a bit slow.”
He cautiously laid back on the bed beside Dean, hoping that the man wouldn’t immediately leave. His fears were quelled when Dean reached out an arm and offered a smile. Castiel instantly laid his head on his shoulder and cuddled into his side, pressing them together again.
“I really wish people would stop saying that.” Dean huffed. He noticed her injured look, however, and softened his tone slightly. “I just- I don’t want to rely on the best outcome. But this is great, thank you Charlie. We couldn’t do this without you.”
“Alright, well, how about tell me how Castiel and Uriel are connected.” Bobby asked, pulling out a notepad and pen.
“Not gonna.” Dean answered, but he didn’t move. He was quiet as he thought for a moment, then, “I got an idea. Sit on the edge of the bed.”
She shrugged in a way that did not, in any way, convince him that she would listen. Dean rolled his eyes again as he watched her leave – and then she was gone and it was just him and Castiel left in the room. He glanced over at the man who was watching him carefully. What was he going to say? Apologise for being tired? As it turned out, he didn’t need to worry, as Castiel spoke first.
Five minutes early, there was a knock on the door. As Castiel went to answer the door, he hesitated - what if it was Uriel? But as the hesitation stretched on, he heard Dean call out - announcing himself from the other side of the door. Castiel relaxed and opened the door, shooting the man a grateful smile.
“No, of course not! But it just… it happens. And I can’t stop it. I make mistakes and I’m stupid, and it happens.”
Castiel groaned again as Dean’s lips pressed against his again, kissing him ferociously as his hand wrapped around both of their cocks, thumb rubbing precome to slick the way somewhat. It was still rough, painful even, but that was exactly what they both needed right now. Dean groaned as he licked into Castiel’s mouth greedily, his free hand kneading Castiel’s skin on his hip. Castiel, for his part, was moaning with abandon now, his mouth moving away to nip the man’s neck repeatedly, leaving a trial of tiny marks from his neck to his shoulder.
“Then at the rink... I put it all down to adrenaline. But then you said later, and it drove me insane. And it made me think. Why did it drive me so insane? One timers aren’t new for me, never bothered me. So why couldn’t I stop thinking about it, and you, and later?”
WARNING: The end of this chapter contains brief suicidal thoughts, albeit minor and not carried out - but if that is a trigger for you, stop reading when Dean goes for a drive.
Collecting his thoughts together, he decided the best move would be strategy - luring Cas into an area in which he would have the advantage. Residential areas were a tempting thought - he was sure Cas would find it difficult to navigate other people - but after his earlier brush with Sam he decided against it, figuring they wouldn’t get away so easily twice.
Days later, Dean still struggled to forget the night at the bar with Cas. The angel had won three games in a row, mostly attributed to his merciless flirting with the hunter. Dean insisted in his mind that it was just the way Cas was, and he was reading way too much into it due to his desperate need to get laid.
“Dean,” Castiel laughed as he stood and helped the confused man up off the floor. “Tomorrow is my day off again. Remember?”
“Man, after that first time... Back at the pool tables... You know, I never thought I could be into a dude like that.” He averted his eyes, a flush spreading across his cheeks as he remembered. “Then I realised, this has been going on longer than I remember. Those things, feelings, that I wanted to experience differently... You were a big part of that. But admitting it to myself, man... There was always a reason, an excuse.”
“Good. That’s good.” Castiel nodded again, then held out the box he was carrying to Dean. “I got you this. It’s not much, it’s just something that helped me. I hope it helps you too.”
“Don’t you dare,” Dean growled, then groaned out again as he slammed down even harder, if that were possible. “Don’t you stop.. Gonna come...”
They’d moved the couch closer to the TV, which left enough room between the lounge room and the kitchen so that the dining table wasn’t in such a small space. He could actually have six chairs around it and sit on both sides, instead of the three chairs he’d had before. Dean had found matching chairs at a thrift store and brought them in. They had quite enjoyed eating dinner there tonight, chatting across the table to each other.
When Castiel’s hand gripped hard around his cock he jumped, letting out a loud and throaty moan that had Cas clapping his hand over the hunter’s mouth.
He left for work early, earning him a grumpy look from Charlie, since he’d had to wake her up early to give her a ride into work. She didn’t say much though, which he appreciated. She knew why he wanted to go in early, and why he was on edge, so she hadn’t complained when he’d blasted AC/DC the whole way to work.
“Well, since you’re awake, I’ll take off. I gotta go log in and get ready to cause trouble.” She grinned.
Dean seemed to get the hint and pressed further inside, barely a few moments passing before he added a second finger. He moaned as Dean stretched him open, completely focused on the fingers buried inside him while his untouched cock dribbled precum slowly.
The song came to an end, and in the pause before the next song started, Ellen stepped back with a slight smile, shooting a glance over Dean’s shoulder. After a few moments Dean felt a hand on his shoulder, and he turned to see Castiel smiling lightly at him.
“If you’re about to tell me Castiel stayed the night, I already know.” Sam told him grumpily as he moved past Dean, helping himself to the extra food and a cup of the freshly brewed coffee. “Speaking of, next time you bring someone home, think you can keep the noise down? What I heard last night were things I do not ever want to hear from my brother again.”
And now it was Castiel who froze, his eyes wide as the words Dean said sunk in. Dean flushed slightly, an embarrassed smile coming to his face. After a few moments, Castiel seemed to snap out of it and surged forward, capturing his lips in a searing kiss. Dean chuckled into the kiss, pressing even closer to Castiel as the man dominated his lips in a way that held promise.
He’d read through all of the platonic relationship stuff and could understand how Castiel had come to the idea that it could be helpful for him.  Dean had to admit that he thought it would be helpful, and he could enjoy not having to make every single decision – if Castiel would take some of those decisions, he trusted the man enough that he wouldn’t worry whether he was doing the right thing or not.
“Yep, not much left to do, really.” Did he imagine the disappointed look on Dean’s face then? “I just have a few more shelves to install, finish off the kitchen cupboards, and it’s just a few coats of lacquer and we’re done.”
She paused, and dean dropped his eyes, his mouth twisting in annoyance. He wasn’t anything special, and he wasn’t as good as the others. Jody just had a soft spot for him; he knew that, no matter how much she groused at him. For some reason, she cared, and that scared him. Because he was bad, poison, broken. She would just get hurt if she cared about him.
He’d gone to wipe his cheek with the wrong hand, jolted his hand and finger, and now his hand flared up with pain. Automatically, he moved to hold the hand close to his body, but Castiel stopped him. The professor grabbed his wrist, gently pulling his hand away from his body and holding it still.
“Have we met? I’m sure I’d remember-“ The man paused to flick eyes up and down appraisingly. “-you...”
Friday rolled around – the final day of training – and Dean knew that, as tired as he was, if he couldn’t confront Castiel today then he would lose him completely. Despite the six month contract, if he couldn’t get Castiel to listen when they spent every day together, there’s no way he was going to be able to achieve it when they were separate.
It was awkward, but eventually they managed to make their way to the couch. Officer Singer sat down with Dean still in his arms, pulling the man close and cradling his head on his shoulder like a child. Castiel sat in the single arm chair, watching the two with no less confusion on his face. Dean was more open than Castiel had ever seen him - usually it took force to make him talk about or show his emotions properly.
Finally, the fourth time he woke, Dean managed to crack his eyes open. He was disorientated at first, but as his eyes began to adjust, he realised he was in a hospital room. He glanced around, confused. What the hell had happened? He could see an IV drip running into the back of his hand and frowned at it. He hated needles.
Charlie immediately jumped up, then returned in under a minute with a bottle of water. She helped Dean lean forward and held the bottle for him to drink the water, some of it spilling down his chin, though not a lot. He would have held it himself, but Charlie refused to let him. The whole time Sam didn’t speak, his eyes trained on the ground.
“And at what point do you grow a set and make your own damn decisions?” A new voice came from the other side of the impala.
“Cas, fuck... I’m close already... Shit...” Dean groaned, pulling Cas’ hips into a rhythm that matched his own erratic thrusts.
Dean barely heard the cheers of his friends and family as Castiel captured his lips again. All he could think was how perfect this moment was.
“Uh… Yeah, of course, as long as I don’t have to wear a collar or anything.” Dean answered, feeling slightly nervous. Would he have to wear a collar?
“Heard a fair bit about you. Might as well come in and join the search party.” Dean commented as he led the group back into the living room. “I’m Dean, by the way. I’m Cas’.... friend.”
The silence stretched for awhile as they avoided looking at each other. Castiel marvelled at the fact they they were simply sitting, had enjoyed lunch together, almost friendly. He smiled as he thought about the past week - the way that they had gone from hating each other, to sex, to this, confused him. He mused on that wonderingly - it made no sense. Castiel was usually a placid person, kept to himself, and certainly never went and fucked complete strangers. He wasn’t the type to rage, nor switch emotions as quickly as he had been. Meeting Dean had brought out things he had never known about himself, and it unsettled him. Perhaps more unsettling was the thought that perhaps he had always been this way, and it had just stayed hidden this whole time.
Thankfully, though, they had never tried to hide their relationship. Even better, Charlie had been ready for a dirty fight. She’d hacked into the company’s system and managed to get hold of evidence showing Naomi’s brutal mistreatment of several contracted workers before Castiel – and, she’d gotten in contact with a few of them, who had been willing to testify against Naomi.
Dean made his way over gingerly, and carefully sat next to Castiel, keeping a slight distance between them. He looked down as he wiped his palms on his pants nervously, trying to think of something to say. The silence stretched out, until finally Castiel spoke.
He found himself repeating the action several more times before he finally turned the water off and dried his face on the towel that hung on the back of the door. He had to admit he did feel slightly better. Not so much calmer, but able to string his thoughts together somewhat. He made his way back to his bedroom, picked up his phone from the bed, and dialed Castiel as he made his way to the kitchen for coffee.
Dean shook as tears streamed down his face, completely out of control. He clung to Castiel, as though to a life line. He listened to the deep breaths the other man took, slow and measured, and breathed along with him. This wasn’t an episode. This was something different, like a weight sliding off. It terrified him just as much as it relieved him. And through it, he calmed to Castiel’s quiet, steady whispers against his cheek.
Castiel’s hands dropped from Dean’s shoulders once it was clear he was not going to move, and the professor pinched the bridge of his nose as he squeezed his eyes shut. Dean dropped his eyes, knowing what was coming next. It was one thing to know someone had issues; it was entirely different to be faced with it, to have to deal with it as Castiel had. Guaranteed, Castiel would suggest that he needed help; he shouldn’t be in this line of work if he couldn’t handle it; and probably more. Dean had heard it several times already, and he was steeling himself for it, trying to dampen how much it would hurt.
So I don’t really like this chapter, I don’t know why. I think the idea is okay, just maybe the execution is off? If you have any tips feel free to leave them in the comments!
“Oh! I forgot to tell you...” Castiel bit his bottom lip slightly, wondering if Dean would be angry at what he’d done. “I sent an sos to Mr. Jackson. So.. The police will probably be here soon.”
“Hm. Well, I’m happy to say you seem to be healing quite well, Mr Winchester. You’re very lucky. That fall could have killed you easily, yet you seem to have escaped with no more than some broken bones and mostly minor wounds. I should think you will be able to go home in a few days, pending the psychiatric report, of course.”
“Nothing bad, I guess. Jodes gave me the rest of the week off, and signed me up for some training thing. Starts on Monday, goes for two weeks. Gave me another pamphlet for the counselling crap they offer and tried to convince me to do it again.”
So I hope you enjoyed this first chapter! More to come, I plan to update weekly, though it may be a little uneven over christmas.
“Mm..” Castiel grunted in response, rolling his hips against Dean’s in a way that had him moaning out Cas’ name.
“I just don’t know what else to do.” Dean frowned, glaring at the table. “I don’t even know where to look for him.”
As Dean stalked away to get another drink, Cas grinned to himself. This down time they had was going to be fun, he decided. And he didn’t plan on letting Dean slip through his fingers this time.
Damn, he was so far gone he wasn’t even going to try to stop this, and it had barely started. His hips were bucking forward of their own accord, humping shamelessly into the angel as he realised he had dropped his gun, and his hands were gripping Castiel’s upper arms with desperation.
That made them both laugh, and Cas dropped his head back on Dean’s shoulder, for just a few more moments.
He had told people before, and they had reacted badly. He’d learnt not to let anyone in, but with Dean he felt safe. With Dean’s next words, that feeling was justified.
Castiel huffed a small laugh in response, relinquishing his nipples in favour of tugging at Dean’s shorts, his mouth following a trail with hard nips and gentle sucks toward his target. Dean gasped as he realised where the man was heading, his hands shooting up to tangle in the dark, messy hair.
It wasn’t until he’d gotten to the Impala that he realised the sting in his eyes was long gone, and had been before he’d even left the room.
“Yes.” Castiel noticed the rubbing and smiled slightly. It seemed to a habit Dean had when he was frustrated, nervous or confused. It was a little cute. “I would like you to come back, if it’s not too much trouble. I think I’d like to make you dinner, and we can maybe learn some more about each other.”
“Hey, Dean. How you doing today?” Charlie asked casually, her voice not giving away too much concern.
Castiel cracked an amused grin then, probably the first one Dean had seen, and Dean’s heart melted at the sight.
Despite his words, there was nothing gentle about this kiss. He moved his lips against Dean’s, passionate and heated at first, but the movements quickly became rougher, possessive as he licked into Dean’s mouth, enjoying the soft groan he drew from the man.
“I think you’ve got that. Now skating is just lifting one foot after the other. When you put your right foot down, you push with your left before you lift it. And vice versa.”
“So then Dad put me on this job.” Dean sat back in the chair, draining the last of his coffee. “That’s when I met Cas. Poor guy. Man, his life was stress free before I came barging into it.”
“Yeah. Known this boy since he was four years old.” Bobby chuckled. “I’m Bobby. And you, I take it, are Castiel Novak.”
After listening to him rant, Charlie had passed him a box of tissues, sent for a cup of coffee, and told Castiel to wait in the office. Then she’d left, leaving Castiel a little worried by the look of fury in her eyes. Castiel had heard yelling, and after some twenty minutes she had returned with assurances that the man had been fired and banned from the premises. Castiel felt guilty, however Charlie assured him that the other staff had complained several times about his behaviour, and all she needed was Castiel to confirm the stories officially.
The last call wasn’t particularly hard; it was just a guy who was too dumb to follow instructions properly, and mad at the world for it. He had started the call yelling, but eventually calmed down enough to write down the instructions Dean had given. All in all, it had gone well – yet Dean was still sitting here feeling overwhelmed from a simple interaction.
“You are highly intelligent, Dean. You have listened, researched, and understood everything that I have delivered so far, on a level exceeding your peers. I would ask something of you, and that is to stop being so hard on yourself. Your fears are unfounded.”
“Not yet, and your only potential brother-in-law.” Dean snipped, but he had a grin on his face as Gabriel threw an arm over his shoulders.
He sighed softly to himself as he flicked the coffee machine on, and took a few moments to listen to the soft gurgle it made as the pot slowly filled with fresh coffee. He turned and leaned back against the counter, letting himself relax, letting his mind wander – which was the exact moment his phone chose to ring.
On the other hand, part of him was relieved at the prospect of pretending nothing had happened, ignoring what it could mean, and not having to face the emotions inside himself.
“Taken. We’ve been trying to find him, but-“ Dean sighed, throwing his hands up in the air in frustration. “We can’t get an exact location.
“Dean, it is quite unnecessary to be so frustrated at this time of morning.” Castiel commented, one corner of his lips lifting in a smirk.
“Yeah. Maybe soon.” Dean agreed. “We should go to bed soon too, though. You might be able to call in sick, but I can’t.”
A soft groan escaped as his hips bucked forward into his own hand, desperate for more. His other hand - Cas’ hand, he imagined - gently massaged his balls, bringing another sensation. He hadn’t so much as touched himself since the skating rink and he was embarrassingly, achingly close already, despite trying to draw it out.
Lost for words, he simply nodded in response, watching as Dean drew closer. Green eyes locked on his own, unable to look away as Dean lowered his head and pressed his tongue to the base of his cock, slowly licking his way back up to the head. He expected a pause, then. What he didn’t expect was for Dean to open his mouth and bob down, suddenly engulfing his cock in a warm, wet heat.
Dean’s hands tightened around the phone that he held, tensing as Sam walked closer. It was hard to think that not even an hour ago he had been talking about whether to back off or not. Now Cas was just... gone. He couldn’t process it.
“Dean, please stop.” Dean clamped his mouth shut, letting Castiel talk. “I admit that I am... struggling, to learn that you were involved in this. But I also have no understanding of how this may have impacted you. So, if you are ready, I will listen.”
He heard a door open and looked up – only to see Sam entering the room, his eyes wide as saucers as he saw Dean awake.
“Why would it?” Sam frowned, then realisation dawned on his face, followed by an angry frown. “Dean, your orientation never bothered me. I knew years ago, and I don’t care. I’d be a bit hypocritical if I did.”
“Hey, guys – Oh, son of a bitch…" Dean grumbled as he tried to speak, but found his throat hurting. "Can I get some water or somethin’?”
“Yeah, man. It sounded weird, but I did it. And, uh, it kinda helped slow things down, if that makes sense.”
“When I finished sucking you off, I wanted to press you against that tree and take the very best of you, Dean... Make you mine, mark you as mine...”
“I should have realised that you were still under Dad’s control.” Sam made a face as they walked to the table together. “I, um. Well, I thought you’d... become like him.”
Dean nodded, ever so slightly, biting harder on his lip as he squeezed his eyes shut, trying to control his body. Cas’ fingers stroked over the head of his cock, down it’s length, frustratingly teasing.
“My, you are a responsive lover.” Cas chuckled, pulling his fingers back a little, then thrusting back into that little nub.
“Dean, there is more to this than you can know. I know I hurt you, and I… I can never make that up, or tell you how sorry I am. But this? Us? It was, and still is, dangerous.” Castiel huffed a breath out and shook his head, and Dean was sure he could see a shine of tears. “This wasn’t what I wanted. I was… advised, that if I continued this path with you, I may be terminated from my position.”
Dean nodded in response, shooting him a grateful smile. The man obviously understood Castiel’s reasoning, and it made him smile at how well they could read each other in such a small amount of time. With a small nod to Sam, he made his way out of the apartment.
He arched out a cry as he felt Dean’s nails drag down his chest, felt the shuddering in his body - then Dean threw his head back and screamed, slamming down one last time and holding as he shuddered out his orgasm untouched, hot ropes of come pulsing out to cover Castiel’s chest.
“Are you still happy to pursue the offer I gave you?” Castiel asked him lightly after a beat, changing the subject.
“I dunno, man. I woke up, but then I couldn’t get out of bed. I had a… A bad dream, ‘bout one time I screwed up big.” Dean took a breath, trying to ignore the weight in his chest when he mentioned the dream. ‘I just kept thinking how many things I could screw up now.’
“Fuck yes, Caaaas...” Dean moaned as his back arched up, angling just right to hit that spot inside him. “Close, so close, please,”
Friday night he was pulled out of his misery by one red headed annoyance. Charlie had picked the lock on his bedroom door and marched in, hauling him out while ignoring his protests and general grumpiness. He’d been forced to sit and eat, with both Sam and Charlie watching him with concern.
“Cas! What are you doing here?” She threw herself over Dean to give Castiel a hug, taking him by surprise. “Oh, I’m glad I caught you. This is Bobby, my boyfriend. We were just grabbing a coffee on our way to the movies, but I have what you asked for! I kept it in my bag just in case I ran into you. And here we are, what a coincidence!”
interesting, Dean noted, was not the words themselves - rather how Sam reacted to them. He watched in interest as a flush spread over the tall man’s cheeks and he mumbled something before turning away to hide his face. He filed the thoughts away for later. That would most definately be coming up in conversation.
“Dean… If that says what I think it does…” Sam sighed softly, moving his hand away so that Dean could open the envelope when he chose. “I just want you to be prepared. It might… It might not be good.”
“Dean.” Castiel put his fork down and stared at him levelly. “You’ve been off all afternoon. If you just tell me what’s wrong-“
He tried to focus on the game instead of the way Cas looked at him as he lined his shot up, leaning over the table. His breath caught, however, as he felt Cas’ weight settle over him in the same manner he had done previously.
“Well, I’ll let Sammy know. I’ll be right there with you, so you won’t be alone.” Dean told him with a slight grin, bumping their shoulders together. It was nice to be able to say those words back. “right. Enough with the sad and miserable, we’ve got a party to host.”
Castiel moved back onto the bed, though he straddled Dean again, his knees on the outside of Dean’s hips. Dean paused, glancing at Castiel with a question in his eyes. Castiel bit his lip slightly, almost nervous as he held the bottle in his hand, staring at it.
Suddenly Dean started laughing, to which Castiel shot him a confused look. That only made the man laugh harder and turn away. Cas shook his head and looked back at Charlie, who appeared slightly sheepish. He began to suspect there was something going on, and narrowed his eyes slightly at the red head.
“So, what was that? New girl in your life?” Sam asked with a slight grin as Dean finally hung up the call at seven thirty. "Or guy?"
Dean grumbled internally, but still made his way over to the commotion quickly. He had to hand it to Claire, she was pretty daunting as she stood there with her hands on her hips, glaring daggers that could kill at the boy. God, he hoped he wasn’t going to have to tell her off, because that wasn’t his place.
The doctor chuckled and shook his head, which was the precise moment Sam and Charlie walked back into the room. Sam was carrying a tray of coffee cups, and thank god there were three of them. Dean couldn’t wait to drink coffee again – but the doctor was already frowning, apparently having noticed the same thing.
He watched for a moment as the man went about handing out weapons to everyone else, then turned his attention back to his own. It really was beautiful, and it seemed to fit his hand perfectly. It was a good thing he’d spent a lot of time at the shooting range, he thought as he loaded it up.
Cas hummed around the cock in his mouth, noting that it earned him a soft gasp, before he grabbed the bottle he had dropped earlier. He slicked his fingers quickly, then tossed it aside again. He wanted to have Dean a writhing mess before he gave up on the game.
Castiel’s thumbs stilled on the back of Dean’s hands for a moment, seemingly in response to his actions. He tensed for a moment, wondering if he had done something wrong – then relaxed as the rubbing over the back of his hands resumed, and Castiel spoke again.
Cas groaned at his words, grinding his erection down onto the mattress as he gently pressed a single finger into the hunter. Dean whimpered slightly at the uncomfortable intrusion, wriggling around slightly to get accustomed to the feeling. He knew the fingers would feel better soon, however part of him was worried about what was to come.
They lapsed into silence as Dean packed his laptop away, lost in thought. Eventually, Castiel broke the silence.
“Yeah, well, I’ll also freeze all of your bank accounts and have you blacklisted from every place in the area. Maybe play with your criminal record a bit.”
His hands came up to hold cradle Castiel’s face, fear shooting through him as the man’s head rolled limply. Had he arrived seconds too late? Tears sprung to his eyes as he looked the man over, taking in the various injuries. His fingers stroked gently over the bruised skin of his face, his other hand gently shaking his shoulder to rouse him.
The first strings of a guitar sung out, and with it he stepped through the gate. He was greeted first by the sight of his friends and family first, standing in his garden sanctuary, smiling at him through watery eyes. As he followed her through the garden path that would lead to the archway at the bottom of their back stairs, his eyes finally found what he was looking for.
Castiel could feel himself trembling as they slowly came down from their orgasm. He released his grip from the man’s hip, rubbing softly over the shallow wounds with his thumb. His other hand released their cocks and he wiped it on his pants, noting Dean did the same, before he snaked his arm around Dean and held him against his body securely. The anger had abated, and a deep exhaustion was beginning to set in. He hummed contentedly, feeling like he could fall asleep right this second. Dean’s head was still resting on his shoulder, the man’s breathing returning to normal slowly.
Somehow that phrase only brought the tears on faster. It had been such a long time since somebody had held him, comforted him like this. So long since he had felt safe and taken care of. He wondered briefly how he had survived without Dean, before, as he sniffled and hiccuped in the man’s arms. He felt Dean’s hand in his hair, stroking through the strands comfortingly as he whispered soft words of comfort in his ear.
“Yeah. Yeah, I hope so, man. I just-“ Dean stopped and shook his head, fighting back the overwhelming sadness. “I dunno. I just.. wish everything would go right for a change. Seems like everything keeps going bad around me.”
“Nah, she’s out getting something or other.” Jo laughed and shook her head at him, then went to start on his usual coffee order. “So, my question still stands.”
“Oh, giving up so easily?” Uriel purred as he turned and, with a wicked grin, made his way back over. “Sorry, Castiel. Your time is far from done. You have many sins to be punished for.”
“Yeah.” Sam breathed. “Yeah, you’re probably right. Just, Dean doesn’t do great with emotions, you know.”
Dean frowned at the quick change in subject. Sam was hiding something, he could tell. He’d always been able to tell when Sam was hiding anything and his brother had long since stopped trying, so he wondered what he was trying to hide now. He was just about to ask when a soft knock came at the door and damnit, he wished he could just have a complete conversation with Sam and Charlie without someone interrupting.
“Yeah, I suppose.” Except I should be the one protecting him, not the other way around. “Anyway, he said the lawyer he’s been talking to thinks we got a chance in taking down Naomi. You’d have to give a statement, though. You cool with that?”
“Uh, sure… You’re an easy guy to trust so…” Dean shrugged slightly, watching Castiel as he pulled a small cardboard box from his pocket.
As he reached up to Dean, he suddenly found his wrists in a strong grip yanked above his head and pinned down. He stared up in surprise at Dean, meeting hard eyes that made him unsure if he should be worried or not. Yet his cock twitched, hardening further with excitement at this turn of events.
“We’ll head out tomorrow. If we have to search every building we will.” Bobby told him, dropping a hand on his shoulder. “But we need to sleep.”
“I would ask another thing of you, Dean. I understand, when I ask if you are okay, if you don’t want to go into your reasons. But I ask this of you; I won’t push you for an explanation, but
He could feel Castiel’s breath on his lips now. It sent shivers down his spine, and part of him wondered if he would be able to survive this much longer. Castiel’s eyes were searching his as the man leaned forward slightly, a movement that seemed almost gravitational, and their lips just barely brushed together with the promise of a kiss – but even that barely-there touch set every nerve in Dean on fire and had him craving so much more.
Dean couldn’t stop thinking as he drove home, his mind running through the millions of ways he could have handled things better. His shoulders were still slumped as he let himself into the apartment, his eyes trained on the ground. Of course, that meant he didn’t get any warning before a body tumbled into him, making him step back into the hallway with his arms full of Charlie.
“What’s the point?” He muttered to himself, shaking his head. “I’m too stupid to take a hint. Screw up everything I touch. I’m a freakin’ burden to my little brother. No good for anyone.”
distant. That something more that was always behind his smiles and his gaze wasn’t there, hidden behind a guard of some sort. Dean tried to draw it out of him with careful questions, but Castiel would just give him a guarded smile and deflect every single time. Eventually Dean stopped trying.
“Well, yeah!” Sam started to look unsure now, anger leaving him like a deflated balloon. “We all do. Well- I mean, aren’t you?”
The statement, along with the mere fact that Castiel was refusing, shocked Michael into a momentary silence that Sam took complete advantage of.
Dean rummaged through the bag for a few minutes – it held his phone, his notebook, his wallet – It looked like pretty much everything he’d had on him that night was in the bag - and thankfully, his mala beads. He sighed as he slipped them back onto his wrist, the familiar weight comforting. He didn’t miss the look that Sam had on his face though, that simmering anger again, and he frowned.
Dean felt like a bucket of iced water had been dumped on him. Sure, he’d never had experience with safe words, but after all his research on what they meant along with his discussion with Castiel earlier, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
Castiel smiled to himself as he pulled the blanket over them both. He felt Dean’s other arm snake around his waist, and he cuddled closer, feeling safe and secure and wanted.
Dean snorted at this in disbelief. Part of him didn’t want to reveal that yeah, he was struggling – but it was a bit late for that, he supposed. The other part of him knew that yes, other people had depression and anxiety, and they coped amazingly well. He didn’t see anyone else having episodes around the office. And he was sure that if anyone he knew struggled with mental illness, they handled it a hell of a lot better than he did.
Moments later he gasped as he realised he’d misjudged. Cas wasn’t veering off quite as fast as he had expected, he’d reached out a little too far, and in seconds he was losing balance, reflexively grabbing the shoulder he’d been aiming to tag.
“Alright, I think that will do for today.” The professor’s voice came unexpectedly in the quiet of the room, and Dean glanced up from the information he was reading on the laptop screen. “I have a few things I want to mention before I let you all go, and I would appreciate your full attention.”
While the others carefully lowered their weapons to the floor, Dean shifted Castiel to hold him closer, burying his face in the man’s hair. His mind whirled - something about the way Uriel had spoken of the guys seemed off, but he couldn’t quite place why.
“Uh… Yeah, okay. Thanks Charles.” Dean glanced at his watch, surprised that it was almost eight. “Hey you better go log on. I gotta get to this training. Catch up later?”
The next day had Dean out of sorts. Castiel wasn’t acting any different, really – he still smiled at Dean and told him he’d done good, he kept Dean from spinning into another episode, and he’d gotten Dean to eat lunch and drink some water when he was just going to sit in the room through lunch break. He’d checked on Dean’s hand and adjusted his bandage, and did everything he usually did. But something still felt off.
“We’re almost there, guys. Pull over in a few minutes and we’ll hike in, that way the noise of the engines don’t give us away.” Charlie commented from beside Gabriel in the back, her eyes glued to her phone screen.
Crowley and Sam had filed all the evidence that Charlie had unearthed, and brought the contractors who were willing in to testify. Naomi’s claim of innocence had quickly become a negotiation of a plea deal, to ensure she wouldn’t go to prison.
Thirty-five minutes later, Castiel looked at his handiwork and was satisfied. He’d made burgers - but since he didn’t know Dean’s tastes yet, he’d plated everything in seperate little bowls and placed them on the table with two plates, in a build-your-own burger style. The meat patties, bacon and onions were all covered with tin foil to keep them warm. There was an array of salad vegetables, all ready sliced so that they could choose what they wanted, and the sauces were in the middle. It looked good.
“Alright, fine. I understand.” He took a deep, grounding breath as he dropped his hand and turned toward the door. “It’s time.”
Now he realised that he’d made his state of mind way too obvious. Typical Dean, not thinking things through before he did them.
Fast as he could, he flicked his phone into his hand and typed out a simple sos text, put Mr. Jackson, the apartment manager, as the recipient, then locked it without sending. He had learnt after the incident with Uriel to be prepared - now he would be able to just unlock the phone and send the text if anything went wrong. He hid his phone in his hand slightly behind him and prepared for the confrontation with slow, steady breaths.
This was different. New. Castiel could feel it in the way his hands trembled, the way heat worked its way into his chest. This was intimate, in a way their previous encounters hadn’t been, and it both terrified and excited him. He continued forward, moving his hand slightly to cup Dean’s jaw, and ever so slowly pressed his lips gently to Dean’s as his eyes slipped shut.
“Oh.” Castiel started when he had finished his sandwich. “I heard Sam laughing before, what was that about?”
“Your brother. Kinda made him tell me why he was callin’ me back to work, instead of you or your daddy.”
Sam shot a quizzical look at Dean, who had chosen to sit on the couch with Cas, leaving the arm chairs for Sam and Jack. Dean shrugged in response, averting his eyes quickly as a flush crept up his neck. Sam frowned at him, then glanced back at the tv, using the remote to search through the movie titles.
And finally Cas got the message, thrusting into him hard, driving him into the mattress. Dean cried out, barely making full words now, his mind on a constant loop of pleaseyesharder.
Castiel told him, then seemed to hesitate. After a moment of searching Dean’s eyes, he sighed and leaned forward, to press his lips to Dean’s forehead in a gentle kiss. He lingered slightly longer than could be considered normal, then leaned back to meet Dean’s confused expression. Castiel smiled lightly, another tear slipping free at the same time.
The first time it happened, he’d taken his first difficult call – the client was screaming at him and calling him a useless piece of shit, because he was taking too long to do something simple. He remembered the client demanding to speak to his manager – and when he had passed the call over, he’d broken down. He remembered not being able to breathe, feeling like he was in terrible danger – then he’d passed out. He’d woken up not long after, with his supervisor at the time slapping his face and yelling at him, calling him stupid and useless.
So instead he took a deep breath, and as he let it out slowly through his nose, he took the shot - and missed. His jaw dropped in stunned silence as the white sailed straight past the ball he’d aimed for and into the side pocket.
Dean looked at Bobby and Jo with his eyebrows raised slightly - while he trusted Bobby, he was relying on the man’s word that Jo would keep it quiet. They could all end up in jail over this sort of activity.
“Jesus...” Dean breathed, moving his hand on Castiel’s cock just to hear more of those desperate, filthy moans.
Dean was opening his mouth to respond, but right then he noticed the song had changed. He listened for a moment, then shook his head and blushed. He was going to kill Jo.
Dean just stared at him, those candy apple green eyes locking on his with... something, in their depths. Castiel tensed, waiting for the rejection that was sure to come. Yet it didn’t come - instead Dean simply nodded and smiled, then turned and headed for the bathroom with Castiel following.
But he’d changed. Ever since that one moment, so many years ago, yet not long enough that he’d forgotten.
Once he had settled to almost normal, he pulled away from Dean slightly and turned around to face him. He glanced over his face, noticing with a sad frown how the skin around his eye was already swelling and darkening. He had a split lip as well, and the blood was still slowly trickling from it.
Cas released a feral, animalistic groan, fucking hard into his hunter as he bit down on the opposite side of Dean’s neck, harder than before. He groaned around the skin again as he felt Dean tense underneath him, his entire body gripping Cas’ cock tightly.
Dean wasn’t sure what to say, so he stayed silent, feeling as though his face was on fire. There was silence for a few moments, until he heard Sam snicker. He looked up with a frown, watching as a shit-eating grin spread across Sam’s face.
“Well, whether he does or not… Probably better off for him if he doesn’t. Less chance he’ll get swept up in all of this.” Dean gestured to his whole self.
“Nope, still quiet on that front.” Sam answered, though he was grinning at Dean like he expected him to guess something.
“You- what?” Castiel frowned in confusion at the offer. “Dean, I just told you I can’t afford it. I’m barely staying afloat here.”
“Amateur.” Charlie commented, rolling her eyes as she leant over Gabriel’s shoulder and moved his hands away so she could type on the keyboard. “I’ll crack this in five minutes.”
The three man erupted into laughter as Castiel glared at each of them in turn. When his eyes met amused green eyes staring back at him, he couldn’t help the slight grin that cracked his facade, and he shook his head in defeat. As he walked with Dean back to his bedroom, he couldn’t help feeling that their two families converging was at once the best and worst thing that could have happened.
Another person joins the rescue effort, bringing a breakthrough. The group head out to find Castiel, racing against time as Castiel’s grip on reality weakens.
It took the entirety of the first movie to answer all of Castiel’s questions to a point where he actually settled down and started enjoying the story. Between them, Dean and Sam took great care in building enough of a backstory for Cas and Jack to understand, without giving any of the future movies away.
“Dean, I have never heard anyone enjoy food so much. With those sounds, you could do a voiceover for a porn video.” Castiel commented.
“Alright, here we go.” Missouri was back, and she placed a plate of brownies on the little coffee table. “Dig in, and you can tell me about your day. I see you got that boot on finally.”
“I watched a lot of videos.” Cas explained in response to Dean’s comment. “They were rather confusing. With you demonstrating, however, they seem to have made sense.”
Dean just shrugged, his head dropping down slightly. “What’s the point? I have to face him again sooner or later. He won’t leave.”
“Yes, most of the time. As I said I know he can be difficult, but he comes round pretty quickly.” Castiel answered, offering the muffins. “Has he not always been that way?”
He kissed Dean again, a little more heat, a little more desperation as he traced the man’s lips with the tip of his tongue. His hand slipped under Dean’s shirt, tracing the lines of his abdomen. Dean’s hand came up to rest on his cheek, then suddenly pain flared and he gasped, pulling back slightly.
Dean gasped, realising that was as good as a ‘yes’. He reached out, fumbling on his bedside table between kisses until he managed to grab hold of the small bottle of lubricant. Cas grinned against his lips when he pressed the bottle into his hands.
Castiel groaned as he came back to consciousness, for the third time. As he cracked his eyes open, his first action was to glance at the window - it was dark outside now, and he felt the first relief he had in hours. Dark meant night, and night meant sleep, hopefully. He glanced around, mercifully finding himself alone. It appeared Uriel would give him a chance to rest before starting the torture again.
“I can’t lose him.” Dean was quiet, choking back a sob. “If he’s- If- I just can’t. He’s like... nobody else I’ve ever known.”
Dean looked up sharply, unsure he had heard that properly. Castiel just smiled slightly at him and tilted his head, waiting for an answer.
But they’d had no time to think on that - in the blink of an eye they were back at the bunker, transported through space to sit around the big table. They’d been waiting for the other shoe to drop - yet an hour later, it still hadn’t come.
For a moment Dean was confused - until he remembered they were meant to be playing a game of paintball. Of course that was the game Cas was thinking of. Because there was no other game... was there? He grunted with displeasure as his legs finally found the strength to stand, and he started fixing his clothing up.
“There’s, um. A few people inside. We’ve kind of been crashing here while you were gone, and.. well, they wanted to be here when you got home. If it gets overwhelming, though, just say the word.”
“I was not always this way. I’ve learned patience, strength, understanding - all through a lot of failure and hard lessons. But being strong does not mean that you cannot feel your emotions. Part of being strong is acceptance, along with being patient and understanding with your own self. I did not understand that, before.” Castiel took a breath and brought his eyes back down to meet Dean’s. “I had someone to help me. I would like to offer you my assistance, albeit in a slightly different way, if you would find it helpful.”
Dean sighed softly at the lack of a proper response, dropping his head as the anger drained out of him. He leaned on Bobby, accepting the support the older man immediately offered him. He was emotionally and physically drained, and right now he would take any support he could get.
There was silence again. Dean decided it was time to bring this conversation to an end – as much as he loved Charlie for wanting to protect him and having the balls to bail the man up in the first place. He grunted and moved slightly, catching Charlie’s attention.
“Of course. I’m just going to finish preparing dinner so I can put it in to bake.” Castiel replied. “Do you want a drink or anything?”
Dean looks for his notebook, but can’t find it. Charlie has a conversation with Castiel, and Dean finally has a breakdown in front of him.
The professor suddenly looked up and caught him watching, and Dean could swear there was something unearthly about those eyes. They were a vibrant blue, a hue that shouldn’t be legal, yes – but it was the way the man’s eyes seemed to stare straight into him, like someone finally
Castiel and Sam both looked up at him in confusion. Jack just kept staring into his drink, oblivious in the face of the bubbles in his beer that captured his interest. Sam’s face quickly changed to a knowing smirk, however, that kinda pissed Dean off.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine. If I have another of my episodes I’ll just lock myself in the bathroom.” Dean answered with a grimace.
“Yeah, no.” Dean chuckled softly, watching as Castiel took a sip of coffee and breathed a sigh of relief. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re a terrible morning person?”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean spoke first this time, half smiling as he held out the beads for the professor to take. “Thanks for letting me borrow these.”
“Yes, Dad, a new work friend.” Dean answered sarcastically, rolling his eyes. “Look I gotta go. I’ll see you later.”
Dean whimpered, his hips bucking to thrust into Cas’ mouth. He could hold on, stay quiet, a little longer - until Cas pushed a second digit in, and found that spot inside him.
On the third morning, he found himself downing two cups of coffee in a row and starting on a third before he could even process the fact that his three companions were sitting at the small kitchen table with him, discussing something in excited voices.
More tears spilled from his eyes at the declaration, at how easily Dean seemed to read his thoughts and know exactly what he was trying to say. He pressed forward, capturing Dean’s lips in a deep, affectionate kiss. Dean groaned softly into his mouth, prompting a chorus of catcalls and a few comments of ‘ew’ and ‘gross’ from Gabe and Charlie respectively. They broke apart and laughed softly together, as Dean brushed tears off his cheeks.
He’d been so afraid that he would hurt Castiel, and in the end, he’d been the one laying in his bed with his heart broken for months until he could function like a normal human being again. It still hadn’t healed, and part of him felt like it never would.
Cas stroked gentle fingers over his chest, trying to calm him as he added a second finger. It went in easily enough, with minimal resistance, thanks to Dean’s efforts over the past week.
“Nearly sundown.” Dean changed the subject rather effectively, his gruff exterior back now that he was dressed properly. “We may as well forfeit, considering I think we broke half the rules.”
“I don’t wanna lose you.” Came the muffled response. “Don’t wanna *sniffle* lose this. Don’t wanna go home.”
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at the response. Of course, Castiel would be the type of person to not fully understand shortened words even in text messages. He had completely banned the use of slang in the classroom on the second day.
Dean waited, tapping on the steering wheel along to Blue oyster cult as he waited for Charlie’s reply impatiently. Finally the alert for a new message went off, and he unlocked the phone again to read it.
“Bitch!” Dean yelled down the hall, then grinned as he heard the answering ‘Jerk!’ float back to him.
“Oof. Yeah, okay, settle down Gabe. I know you’re only happy because I bought you something sweet.” Sam answered with a chuckle, pulling himself out of the shorter man’s arms.
His eyes were stinging with tears that he was barely holding back. His heart was racing, his breathing erratic, and he knew he was heading for another episode. Oddly, it seemed slower in coming on than normal – maybe he’d learned to fight it somehow. He was managing, and he could hold it back, but he knew he couldn’t keep it in for long. So, he did what he knew how to do best.
“I was-“ He started, thinking of something on the spot. “Just wondering when we’ll finish this job. It looks almost done.”
was still afraid, and he shivered slightly in response to the thought. He didn’t like admitted fear of anything, but there it was.
“Look, Dean, you should talk to him. But if it goes wrong, just remember we’re here for you okay? Don’t shut us out. Don’t shut me out.” Sam told him lightly with a pleading expression.
And with that, Castiel fled back to his apartment, the anger fading quickly to be replaced by guilt at the hurt expression in Dean’s eyes. Hurt that he had caused, with his scathing comment. He hadn’t meant it, but it had come out of his mouth anyway, and now he couldn’t take it back. Something had been growing between them in the short time they had known each other, and now it was gone. He had ruined everything.
Cas was confused by the last statement for a few moments, which he would later blame on trauma. It didn’t take long for the dread to settle in the pit of his stomach however, as he watched Gabriel glance up at Dean with a gleam in his eye. Worse, was the slow smirk that spread across Dean’s face as he stared back, apparently having a silent conversation. He glanced to Sam for help - but it was too late, judging by a similar smirk on Sam’s face as he glanced back down at the laptop.
Castiel glanced at the item in Uriel’s hands - a length of rope, the ends twisted around each fist, leaving a foot or so of rope held taut between his hands. The man moved around, then behind him, leaving Castiel puzzled as to this next form of torture.
Dean followed along with Bobby as the man supported him to the elevators. As they stood there and waited for the elevator to arrive, he couldn’t help looking back at Cas – and somehow, despite the pain, despite the anger, despite everything – when he saw the broken, lost look on Castiel’s face, it broke him just that little bit more.
Sunday he was back to his normal self, although Sam was still careful around him. He didn’t mention it – of course his brother would be careful, he was weak and fragile, and who knew when he’d have another episode? So he ignored it, just trying to act as normal as possible while he grilled burgers for their dinner. The evening had been enjoyable – just him and Sam, eating burgers and drinking beer while Sam told him the funny stories from his new position as Team Leader at Alderton’s.
“It happens.” Dean went quiet again, this time for longer. When he spoke again, there was an odd tone in his voice. “Anxiety?”
“This happen before he showed up here?” Bobby asked as he scribbled notes, trying not to let the worry show through.
“Yeah, I thought as much. Let me grab you some brownies.” She told him and went to the little bar fridge in the corner of her office.
“...My brother.” The man sighed, his shoulders dropping. “This was where I was told he’d be, but... Cas appears to have moved.”
Castiel started, then stopped as Dean surged forward and hugged him. Castiel chuckled softly, and Dean felt only a brief hesitation before the man’s arms slipped around him, holding him for a moment. Castiel pulled away too soon, and Dean sat back, then made to wipe the tear away.
“Sam,” Castiel sighed as he sat down with his cup of coffee. “I don’t think it ever stopped. When it happened, he was... terrified. I’ve come to know Dean as the strongest, most amazing man I have ever met. But when he faced that, he- well, he was still a child. And I imagine he felt like he couldn’t fight back, like he was powerless. I sent for help, because I don’t think Dean would have. He told me that when he asked for help before, the police blamed him instead.”
Ten minutes later they were sitting on a park bench, watching the little creek as it rippled over the rocks. They both held a coffee, and Castiel had asked for his breakfast in a to-go bag that he had set on the bench beside him. They were sitting in silence, seeming that one was waiting for the other to speak. Finally, Dean spoke first.
“He’s just unconscious.” Charlie told him, checking his heart rate on her phone. “But we’ve got to get him out of here. We have enough in here to make a stretcher to carry him...”
Sam and Castiel both dissolved into laughter to the point where he had to wipe tears from his eyes, shaking his head in disbelief. They had spent hours talking about the pair of brothers, and the stories ranged from impossibly miserable to downright hilarious. Neither of them noticed the footsteps approaching until Dean appeared, yawning and rubbing his eyes grumpily.
“Oh, well that’s good. So a few more days maybe?” Castiel asked, trying to hide his own disappointment as he picked at the remains of his burger.
Damn. He was dead, for sure. The angel was going to absolutely wreck him, he knew it. Still, he had no legitimate reason to refuse in front of the others - so he shifted closer until finally the blanket covered them both properly, which just happened to be so close their legs and shoulders were touching.
Cas grinned against his partners neck, then nipped slightly. Dean whimpered softly in response, unable to help the way his whole body rolled with Cas, trying to get as much friction as he could. Cas tensed for a moment, then pushed hard off the bed, successfully flipping them both over. With Dean now trapped beneath him, he made short work of the clothes separating them.
Gabriel grinned and produced a lollipop from - somewhere - and popped it into his mouth. Michael glared at each one of them in turn, then winced as Benny’s hold on his shoulders tightened. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, he put pen to paper and signed the document. It seemed he had decided that losing his little empire wasn’t worth holding onto control of Castiel.
“It was on its way five minutes ago, old man. You were too busy chit chatting.” Jo grinned back from the kitchen, finishing by poking her tongue out at him.
A few beats of silence passed before Dean nodded, smiling slightly. Castiel let go of him and breathed a sigh of relief, watching as he placed the toolbox down by the wall. He couldn’t help glancing over his ass in the tight denim, though he quickly averted his eyes when Dean stood and turned back to him.
The rest of the day went without any problems, and sooner than he wanted, it was over and he was home, looking forward to their date the next night.
It was friction, but it wasn’t enough, it wasn’t what he needed. Groaning in frustration, he shifted to position himself above Dean’s cock. The fingers quickly left his body and he heard the bottle of lube open. Mere moments passed and he felt Dean’s slick tip pressing at his entrance.
Sam snorted with laughter, standing up. “Yep. You should know by now, Cas. He gets all excited, when we’ve won and it seems like it’s all over - and then something comes and screws it up.”
“Oh for-“ Dean grumbled and slowed a little. “How much time are we gonna lose, and how tired are we gonna get?”
By this point, he knew he wouldn’t leave this place. Nobody was coming to save him. He was certain he had been here more than a week, though the rational side of his mind insisted if that were true, he should have died of dehydration already. He ignored it. He knew he was seriously dehydrated, running his tongue over dry, cracked lips. Perhaps it was just taking longer for his body to succumb.
Dean groaned as he got out of the impala. His leg was hurting, but he’d been warned to expect that. Even with the moon boot, he hadn’t put weight on it for a long time, so it was going to be sore. He grumbled under his breath as he turned to lock baby, not exactly looking forward to the rest of the day on phones. Well, at least it was Friday, which was a bonus. Almost the weekend.
Castiel broke off as another fit of coughing took him over. Agony seared through him, though he was getting used to the feeling. The right side of his chest was in constant pain, especially when he took a breath - he was pretty sure his ribs were broken - and as if that weren’t enough, any movement he made pulled at various cuts and burn wounds over his chest and arms.
“Dean what the hell?! Just let me-“ Both men rounded the corner, apparently struggling with each other, and John Winchester stared straight at Castiel in a mixture of anger and shock. “What the hell is this?”
John Winchester shows up at the apartment, wanting to know why the work is taking so long. Things quickly turn volatile, and someone from Dean’s past shows up.
The next morning, Dean felt like he was on edge the whole morning. Sam asked him what was wrong as he cooked up a big breakfast at six am. While Dean might have been a good cook, he was rarely up a minute earlier than he absolutely had to be. And yet, on this Friday morning, he had woken early to cook a meal for himself and Sam, of bacon, eggs, toast, tomatoes and mushrooms.
“Cas, stop. It’s fine.” Castiel looked up, noticing that Dean had leant forward to capture his attention better. “I’m not judging you. I get it. I was thinking, though, I could probably fix alot of this...”
“Look, you don’t owe this guy anything, okay? It’s nice that he cares, and it sounds like he does. But you don’t owe him anything.” She paused for a moment and stared at him until he nodded slightly. “Have you been using the journal I gave you?”
“Oh god.” Sam breathed. “I didn’t think- I knew, when we were kids, but I thought it stopped... Didn’t he fight back?”
He heard himself sob, pathetic and needy, as Castiel gently turned him, then guided him back with gentle hands to lean against the wall. Gentle, confident hands stroked over his arms, and slipped down to take his hands carefully. He wasn’t sure what the man was doing, but he didn’t pay much attention as his hands were pulled forwards, and up – until he felt soft fabric under his hands and a soft, slow rise and fall.
A grin curved his lips as he moved toward the tree. The coat moved slightly with the breeze - Castiel wasn’t moving from the spot, obviously taking a rest. It was the perfect ambush, Dean thought as he moved closer. He was almost there, it was almost time. He lifted the gun, finger over the trigger as he reached out, fingertips almost brushing the coat with his plan to grab Cas, pull him out and repay the welts he had left on Dean. Almost-
“Just out.” Dean answered, but Sam’s look said he wasn’t going to drop it. He sighed and shrugged. “Meeting someone for breakfast. A work friend.”
“Because it’s got a tracker in it!” Gabriel announced happily, grabbing Dean’s face in both hands and kissing his cheek in overwhelming emotion. “Oh, thank the stars he still has it!”
“I guess it’s for the best.” Dean sighed, staring down at his hands. “They won’t do anything, though. Lock him up and let him cool off for a bit. The cops back home used to say ‘it’s his right to discipline you, you’re his son’... They told me to stop calling them just because I’d gotten a bit of a smack for bad behaviour. So I did.”
“It’s.. I know how it looks. I’m not a slob, I swear. I tried to fix some stuff, but...” Castiel shrugged his shoulders, twisting his fingers nervously. “I can’t afford much at the moment.”
He felt like he’d been here days, living through the various forms of torture Uriel cooked up until he passed out again, skewing his sense of time. He had no idea if days had passed, or only hours, and the latter was a terrifying thought. The entire left side of his face, including his eye, was swollen and purpled. The right side was only slightly better, in that he could open the eye half way to watch what Uriel was doing. He wasn’t sure if being able to see made things better or worse.
Dean searched Castiel’s eyes for a moment, considering. He thought back to what Ellen had said in the café earlier, and wondered if he was willing to try to work on things with Castiel. As he stared into those sad, haunted eyes, he realised that yeah, he was. He was willing to risk it all going to hell because this man right here, Castiel, meant the world to him and had since the moment they’d met.
Dean glanced around the room, not wanting to talk in front of everyone – but he was surprised to find it empty. He glanced at the time and realised the day had been over for ten minutes already. He relaxed somewhat, knowing it was just the two of them, especially since Castiel had closed the door to the room.
The man was – well, he was something to look at, certainly. He was wearing dark, well fitting jeans, which was a good start. Over it he was wearing a simple white button up, the sleeves rolled back in a casual way that Dean wasn’t used to seeing professors adopt. His hair was mussed in a way that looked like he’d just rolled out of bed and not bothered to brush it, yet somehow he made it work.
He grabbed hold of Dean’s hand and bolted, dragging the larger man behind him, back into his apartment. The door slammed and he locked it just in time to hear
When he finally came back to himself he pulled his head back, eyes wide in shock as he saw two very clear, teeth shaped bruises on the angel’s neck.
When their lips met, it was nothing like before. This was gentle, almost hesitant. Castiel’s other hand came up to cup his face as he lightly pressed their lips together, letting out a soft sigh as he did. Dean whimpered softly as he pressed forward, wanting to feel Castiel’s arms around him – the man didn’t disappoint, immediately wrapping around him and holding tight as their lips moved together.
There was quiet noises around him as the class murmured their assent, and he could hear laptops closing and bags being unzipped. Dean closed his own laptop, but didn’t immediately pack it away. He wouldn’t until the professor told them it was time to go – packing up would give him somewhat of a buffer, to allow the room to empty first so that he didn’t have to be caught in a crowd of twenty people leaving the room at the same time.
“Oh - wait,” Castiel paused, realising something that he had barely had time to consider. He slid out of the booth after Dean, before turning to Charlie. “What about work? When do I need to come back?”
“So, what did you drag me in here for, if not to fire my ass?” Dean questioned, wanting to move the conversation on.
Dean took in his surroundings - he noticed he was in a small, but relatively dense copse of trees on the edge of the town. It was an area with little manoeuvrability, yet plenty of places to stay out of sight. It would be a perfect point to stage an ambush... All he had to do was lure the angel in.
“No, she shouldn’t have punched him. But maybe he’ll learn better than you’re teaching him.” Dean growled. “Leave. And don’t be surprised if Claire doesn’t want anything to do with either of you.”
But he didn’t get to finish that sentence. Sam looked up at him, and it was then that Dean saw the tears streaming down his face. Sam didn’t look sad, though – he looked angry as all hell.
They ate breakfast together and Sam didn’t say anything more about it, choosing to stick to questions about how the training was going. Dean responded with short answers, not really focusing on anything until he’d finished eating. It wasn’t until Sam was washing their dishes that he brought up the subject again.
It took until Dean was three beers down and on his fourth before he finally felt ready enough to talk.
“Perhaps it would have been prudent. But it’s okay, Dean. I understand you may not have thought of it.” Dean glanced up, and Castiel gave him a slight smile. “I wanted to discuss how you are feeling, but I understand this might not be the right place to do that. Would you like to go for a walk instead?”
The telltale sound of a siren in the distance, however, had them calling a temporary ceasefire and retreating together, laughing. From what Dean had seen during their quick escape, he had managed to get a few more hits on Sam than what he’d received.
For a terrifying moment, Cas pulled away from him. Dean froze, staring into deep blue eyes, desperately waiting for something, anything, that was not a rejection to his plea.
The pieces fell into place. He’d missed check in, and Michael would have done some digging to find out what he’d been up to. He was being taken in to be reprimanded.
“Oh.” Dean breathed out the pent up breath he had been holding, and after a moment, he laughed softly. “Did you see that kid’s nose, though? She got him good.”
They lay there for several moments, catching their breath. Cas lightly carded his hands through Dean’s hair, the touch comforting as he lay his head on the man’s shoulder.
Dean groaned inwardly. He remembered. Sam had been real down and Dean, trying to cheer him up, took him to a skate rink. Some old lady had offered to video them, and Sam had insisted on retrieving the tape for ‘memories’.
Castiel had approached him while the class shuffled out, as Dean was letting them disperse once again while he packed up.
Sam laughed, throwing an arm over his shoulder in a short but affectionate man hug as the three walked toward their respective bedrooms.
Dean barely had a moment to register the mischievous glint in Castiel’s eyes before he was off, powering into his strides as though he’d been skating for years. He was momentarily frozen by shock, until his competitive side pushed through and a grin curved his lips.
Dean sighed and shook his head, focusing on the plates he was currently drying and putting away. He supposed he couldn’t blame Sam for noticing something different. Even he could notice that he was behaving differently, so it stood to reason that Sam was concerned.
All the cupboards in the kitchen now had new doors on them, sanded lightly and varnished to bring the grain of the wood out beautifully. The pantry had been fixed, no more curtain to hide its contents, and the new doors matched the kitchen beautifully. Dean had even mounted the TV on the wall, enabling him to recycle the wood from the broken coffee table. He’d used the wood to build a small unit into the wall underneath the tv for Castiel to store his various accessories.
He heard Cas’ sharp intake of breath at that, and noticed the way he stilled. He moved his hands around, cupping Cas’ face and lifting his head to look into his eyes.
Lost. Dark. Pain. Air. Breathe, can’t breathe. It hurts. His arms hurt, they’re tied up, trapped. He can feel the tears leaking from his eyes, despite that they’re screwed shut as tight as possible. He can hear someone crying out, begging to stop, just stop.
He tried to ignore it, soaping his body clean - but he couldn’t get the memory of Cas’ body pressed against his, or the taste of his skin as he’d bitten down, out of his head. And damn it to hell, he wanted more.
“Dean.” Castiel’s firm voice brought him back into the moment, and he was surprised to find Castiel staring at him from only an inch or so away. He could feel the professor’s breath on his face as he gently, yet firmly told him; “
Castiel made an affirmative grunt, kicking out behind him to close the door as they stumbled further into the room. He misjudged his reach, however, and they fell to the ground as the door slammed shut. Dean let out a grunt with the pain of landing on the hard floor, but there was no time to hesitate, as Castiel was back on him in an instant, licking and biting down his neck, over his chest, latching on to a nipple. Castiel swirled his tongue around the hardened peak then nipped, and Dean cried out, back arching off the ground. Castiel chuckled, mentally noting his reaction for future use.
He appreciated that she would never say anything when he had an episode. She would just sit there, silently supporting him, rubbing his back until he passed out. This time was no different.
“Um. Not really.” Dean shrugged a shoulder. He’d heard of the term, but he didn’t think that was what was going on. No, he was just weak. Stupid. Having random freak outs.
He heaved a sigh and moved off the table, bee-lining for the fridge. He grabbed a beer and had just popped the top and raised it to his mouth, when a hand closed over his own, stopping the motion. He glanced sharply at the owner of said hand.
Castiel frowned again, anxiety settling in the pit of his stomach at Dean’s odd behaviour. The next second Dean was gone, and he heard the door open, followed by voices in the hallway. It sounded like Dean was trying to stop whoever it was, and not doing a particularly good job.
“I – what? But…” Dean frowned, trying to understand. How could he have done well when the others were struggling? It didn’t make sense.
Dean grinned and wriggled his hips so that his pants slipped down with Castiel’s tugging. In mere seconds Castiel ripped his boxers down, then Dean was sighing as his cock sprung free, hard and leaking and begging for attention. Castiel’s eyes shot down, taking a moment to appreciate the sight. Then he was straight back into it, roughly pulling Dean forward to crush their cocks together almost painfully. He groaned, unable to help bucking into Dean, bringing a delicious friction.
“Wait- no, that’s not what I meant!” Castiel reached out hurriedly and grabbed Dean’s wrist, causing shocked eyes to meet his own. “Stay, please.”
“And you’ve filled out, look at this-“ Sam poked at the muscle around Dean’s abs, making the man chuckle.
“Yep. Got fifteen more minutes til it has to be happy, helpful Charlie – at least unless the client is on mute.”
Dean looked down at his plate, obviously thinking. Castiel allowed him a few moments, then plowed on.
“...Gabriel?” He gasped, his eyes going wide at the sight of his brother. “When- How did you find me? What are you doing here?”
The first few days he’d been pretty out of it, and he didn’t remember much. He knew that Charlie had come to visit and, after plenty of sobbing and blaming herself, gotten him to sign some documents for work. She’d left not too long after, apparently pleased with herself. At first Castiel listened to Dean arguing with her about making him sign something before he had a clear mind - but oddly, Dean had gone silent when Charlie showed him the papers. He didn’t dwell on it too much, trusting Dean not to lead him astray.
He ignored the question and sat down to eat with Sam, starting a conversation about something random to do with work. Sam frowned, but didn’t comment any further.
He tried to speak but all that came out were sobs. On top of all that had happened lately, this last surprise was just too much. He was slightly aware of being moved, gently directed further into his home. He refused to let go of Gabriel, even when he felt something on the back of his knees and was pushed down to find himself sitting on the couch, Gabriel taking the spot beside him. A hand rubbed his back gently, and he instinctively knew it was Dean, trying to comfort him.
Sam must have heard something in his voice because there was no answering retort. Dean sighed softly, trying to get his mind off whatever he was feeling toward Castiel, and back to the idea of breakfast.
“So, how long have you and Dean been, uh.. Friends?” Sam asked as Castiel poured two cups of coffee.
Dean’s smile was radiant, and as they stopped mere feet from each other, Cas could feel his eyes start to tear up. It had been two years since they’d won his freedom. Within six months they’d found their dream house, a little cottage outside the city, with plenty of land and trees and lakes. Within a year, Castiel proposed. Soon after Charlie had offered to have their baby. And now, they stood here, in front of Bobby (who had procured a marriage license just for this) with their friends and family, promising their futures to each other.
“Here. Hold this on your chest when you cough or sneeze. It will help.” Castiel told him, then sat down in the chair beside Dean.
Michael simply sat there looking bewildered, not paying attention to the interactions of the others at the table. Dean took the chance to shoot him a look, flicking his eyes to the envelope before back to Cas’, his head nodding slightly. He understood the message, and let go of Dean’s hand so he could open the envelope and pull out the contents.
Also, forgive me if there’s anything unrealistic. I’ve never been to Lebanon so I rely on google maps, and I based the paintball game on the type of paintball we play here so... hope it is the same.
It was strange, Dean thought to himself, how he and Sam quickly fell into old ways. Back when John had been obsessed with the idea of a supernatural world existing, he had trained the two of them like soldiers. Even after their mothers’ death had been proven to be a horrible accident, he’d continued to train them - he just gave up on pretty much every other aspect of life. Now, without even thinking about it, they had slipped back into that training the moment they realised Castiel was missing.
“I usually start at two, and finish at eleven, six days a week. Though lately I’ve been doing a bit of overtime. I finished at two a few days this week.”
“Thirteen. Thirteen times he’s been close enough to hear or see, but the first time he actually approached.”
Dean glared at the woman as he finally paused for breath, daring her to argue with him. And of course, she was just the kind of stuck up, can’t-see-past-the-end-of-her-nose kind of person that immediately adopted a haughty expression and tried to argue.
Cas nodded slightly, and pulled slightly on his partners hands to draw Dean down into a lingering kiss. He hadn’t suffered a nightmare like that in months now. It stood to reason that today, the stress would trigger one. He’d learned to process it fairly quickly now, though, and the regular visits with his therapist, Missouri, were helping. And now that Dean had grounded him, he was switching to an entirely different mood.
Was that laughter he heard in Castiel’s voice? No, definately not, Dean decided, since Castiel surely had no idea what his proximity was doing to him. He was an
“Maybe he wants to talk about what happened?” Missouri shrugged her shoulders lightly, but Dean was already shaking his head.
“At a gas n sip.” Castiel couldn’t understand what Dean was so worked up about. “It’s twenty four hours, so I do the morning shift. Charlie, that’s my manager, she gives me the regular hours so I can afford to live.”
“Hand-maiden!” Charlie snapped, shooting him a sharp look. “Let’s not go into the details shall we?”
“…You’re with him, aren’t you.” Sam’s tone changed, and Dean immediately felt himself get defensive.
As he stepped under the warm flow of water, he found himself wondering what would happen. Surely, it wouldn’t be anything like what had happened at the skating rink - Damn. He cursed himself for thinking of that as his cock twitched with interest.
“Dean, you have to, I need you to come, shit, Dean...” He babbled, panting for breath as he fucked into him.
“You gotta wait til they’re on hold man, you get yourself in trouble otherwise.” He told her, remembering the incident last week in which the client had demanded the manager and complained.
The professor was sitting on the little stool that he favoured – it had wheels, and a seat, but no back. Kind of like a bar stool with wheels. He was leaned forward slightly, obviously having reached over to touch Dean.
His father, despite his extremely strict views and his problems, had always been someone that Dean felt safe with. Yes, John had his issues – big issues since mom died. He probably wasn’t the father he should have been, but Dean reasoned that depression must have gotten to him pretty bad. And yeah, John had some pretty extreme views – but when his Dad WAS home, Dean knew that he could go and sit with him and have a grown up talk, and John would tell him to be a strong man, and that he believed in him, so he would try. So it really wasn’t so bad, right?
He let Dean’s cock slip from his mouth as the man dropped to the floor, landing on his ass. They stared at each other, both panting in exertion, before Dean pulled him in for a long kiss, tasting himself on Castiel’s tongue. Castiel’s arms wrapped around him, and when they broke, Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean flushed slightly, his brain catching up a little slower than his mouth as he realised what he’d said. He covered the embarrassment by taking another sip from his coffee, but judging by the slight grin on Castiel’s face, he wasn’t fooled. However, Castiel refrained from commenting, and the two drank their coffee in peace for a few moments.
“I’m not comfortable with the idea, but yes, if it’s necessary then I will do so. This sort of thing can’t be allowed to happen to someone else.”
Two more steps – but they weren’t necessary, as Castiel took that moment to look up, straight at Dean.
“Let’s celebrate!” Sam called out gleefully, interrupting the moment as he pulled his phone out. “I’m calling everyone.”
Dean kept laughing, almost to the point of tears as he mashed the PlayStation controller, trying to make the weird little character on the screen go back to where the tomatoes were. He was playing Overcooked with Charlie and Sammy, feeling relaxed and contented from the burgers he had cooked for their dinner and the five beers he’d downed already.
“Okay. I don’t believe we need a written contract – but I do think we need to discuss it verbally.” Castiel told him.
As the phone rang, he noticed Sam had already started the machine and a fresh pot of coffee waited for him.
“Oh, you mean your back up?” Uriel laughed, the sound dark and wicked. “Afraid they won’t be coming. I knocked those guys out cold when I found them. I’ll bring them in, of course, once I’m done with you. Now, you can drop the weapons, or Castiel here will get a bullet.”
Dean thought, snuggling himself further back into the warmth of Castiel’s chest against his back. Castiel grumbled quietly in his sleep, but his arm tightened around Dean, pulling him even closer. It made Dean chuckle slightly, wondering how he hadn’t realised Cas would be a cuddler. He glanced over at the clock on the table beside his bed – it showed half past seven, which meant they still had some time to relax.
“Oh, seems it’s not quite big enough. You’ll have to move a bit closer.” Castiel told him innocently, lips curving in a slight smirk.
Sam just nodded slightly, a weary expression on his face. He looked like he wanted to say more, but then thought better of it and gestured to the envelope. With shaking hands, Dean returned his attention to it and pulled out a folded piece of paper – a typed letter, it appeared. He started reading, dread curling in his gut as he did.
For minutes, Castiel worked in silence, neither of them speaking. He was gentle every step, carefully unwrapping the bandage and looking at Dean’s hand. He was just as gentle, and just as silent, as he re wrapped the injured hand firmly. Finally, Dean couldn’t take it anymore, and he had to say something.
Okay, well, that made things clearer and somewhat easier, he supposed. Castiel had drawn a line and made sure it was absolutely clear – they were only work acquaintances, not friends. He felt disappointment and relief at the same time, which for some people would be odd. For him it was normal. He had mixed feelings on pretty much everything these days.
Dean wriggled against the couch, digging the packets of jerky he had brought along out of his pockets. He dropped them on the space between himself and Cas, then settled back into a comfortable position. As comfortable as he could be, considering the very small space separating himself from the angel. Part of him was still hoping something would happen between them again tonight, despite his earlier fear of exactly that. After the events of the day before, with yet another promised ‘later’, he wanted Cas more than he’d ever thought possible.
Castiel could see the shock filter into the man’s eyes as he finished his rant, his tone practically dripping with venom. A slight pang of guilt went through him, but he ignored it as he jammed the key angrily into the lock and entered his apartment, childishly slamming the door behind him. He stood there a moment, listening as the man apparently shuffled away down the hall.
Dean sighed softly, closing his eyes with a smile. He felt Castiel’s words wash through him, and strangely he didn’t argue. Not because he couldn’t, but because he believed it – He’d done exactly as he was told, every time. He had done good. He’d done right.
It was nice, Dean found himself thinking, this closeness with his best friend. It was something that he didn’t even realise he’d been missing, for so very long. That feeling of security, contentment, maybe something... more.
As he prepped, he found his mind wandering to his budding friendship with Dean. It was strange, really, how their relationship had progressed. When he first met the man, he had hated him with a passion. Somehow, and very quickly, that hate had changed. It wasn’t the moment they had sex - no, he had still hated Dean even then, as bad as that was. But somewhere along the line, something had shifted. He found himself considering Dean’s reaction tonight, hoping he would like what Castiel had decided to make.
He was whining now, hips moving without control, trying to direct those fingers to that- and oh, shit, he found it, that perfect little bundle of nerves that forced his back to arch and sent a filthy moan out of his throat.
“You’ll be a pro in no time.” Dean grinned and clapped him on the shoulder in a totally platonic manner.
“Something like that.” Dean muttered through his hands. No way was he going to tell Sam what was really going on.
Then Dean was gone, pulling away from him, and disappointment flooded him before he realised that the man was chuckling softly as he moved away.
After all, he had mounted and led the entire rescue mission, according to Bobby and Sam. They’d come to visit a few days in, when Castiel was a bit more lucid. He appreciated that, as once the two started telling him of what Dean had done, he was equal parts amazed and saddened.
“Cas…” Dean sighed as he tried to chase those lips, but Castiel’s hands cupped his face and held him away.
He was beyond help, beyond saving. He used to be okay – sure, he was always emotionally repressed, but it worked for him. He used to be able to do any job, anything, and do it well. He used to be confident, popular, a general smart ass. The old Dean would take anything with a grain of salt, blow it off with a sarcastic comment and a bottle of whiskey.
Ellen smiled and nodded as she stepped further back in preparation to leave – but before she left, she wrapped Castiel in a hug and whispered something into his ear. Castiel nodded slightly with a smile, and Dean frowned, wondering what had been said. The thought was wiped from his mind, though, as Castiel took his hand and led him into a slow dance as the first notes of ‘Over the rainbow’ started playing. A soft smile spread across Dean’s face, and he dropped his head down to rest on Castiel’s shoulder.
When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was smiling gently, once again sitting in a proper seat facing him. The class was empty already, as everyone had left for the day. Castiel reached out and gently rested a hand on his arm, providing the touch that Dean needed.
“Allow me.” Dean grinned, and held out his hand to shake Castiel’s. “Welcome to Winchester restorations.”
“Right.” Dean nodded, then turned back to Castiel, the shirt balled in one hand while fingers wrapped around the handle of the blade. “Cas, this is gonna hurt, and I’m sorry, but..”
A conversation with Castiel leaves Dean feeling off kilter, and he finds something missing after a night of drinks with Charlie and Sam.
“Don’t need it. That’s what the second computer is for. Now that we have proof it’s slightly less illegal for Kevin to hack his card statements. I’ve taught him enough to do that, and he’s pretty good. If there’s something there, he’ll find it.”
“Tell me.” Cas breathed, moving in to press kisses down his neck, over the purplish bruise he had left earlier. “Tell me what you need, Dean.”
“Yes sir.” Dean mumbled, dropping his eyes again – this time with shame, remembering the last time he had said that, and yet still broken his promise.
“Dude come on. You can cook like a chef in real life but you can’t even chop me the lettuce so I can get this dish finished?!” Sam commented with a grin.
He watched as Castiel’s eyes flitted over his face. He noticed the way that instead of letting him go, setting him right and continuing on his way, Castiel’s arms tightened around him and drew him closer than was anywhere near appropriate for a professional relationship. He also noticed the way that they were now pressed together, chest to chest, their faces barely an inch apart – and as much as Dean wanted to see how far it would go, he was also terrified of losing what they had already.
“I know.” Castiel answered in a small voice, glancing back up at Dean. “I was hoping you would let me make it up to you. I would like to make you lunch. If.. if you haven’t eaten yet. It isn’t much, but it’s food and I am a decent cook, and-“
“You are not alone. There are people around you who care about you. Not only that, but you are not alone in going through this.” Dean glanced over at the man again, noticing that he was twisting the beads on his arm. The next words seemed hesitant. “I have been through… something similar myself. I do understand, Dean, more than you know.”
He knew exactly who Bobby was thinking of, and logically, it made sense. But the irrational part of his brain was in denial. If it really was Uriel that took Cas, he was in massive trouble. It also meant that the idea of not finding his lover alive was becoming very real.
P.S. The counting things you can hear, feel, see, etc in this chapter? It’s a grounding technique that I have found extremely useful myself when spiralling towards a panic attack. If you ever find yourself in that position, use it.
Once he was finished, cleaned, and dressed again, he made his way out to the kitchen and glanced at the clock over the fridge. 9:20 – He’d taken ten minutes to shower, which meant he had five minutes before he needed to leave.
And so it was that the four of them ended up preparing for a movie marathon that night. At some point, he’d finished off the ‘Dean Cave’ adding in a large, dark leather couch along with a brand new - curse free, Sam informed Dean - flatscreen tv. Sam took great effort to explain in detail all of the things the tv could do, including connecting to Netflix and Stan.
Dean laughed, the hilarity of the moment taking him unexpectedly. Here was an angel of the lord, never hesitating to face down a range of hellish creatures, yet afraid to stand on a pair of roller skates. He stopped laughing, however, when Cas levelled a deadly glare at him.
“Anytime, Dean. Thank you for letting me help.” Castiel answered sincerely as he took the beads and wrapped them around his wrist. He paused, then tipped his head to the side with a slightly confused expression. “…Cas?”
There were so many things that Dean didn’t like about that sentence. He knew they should discuss it, but he also knew he had no right to say so. And he wished that Castiel would stop exercising as much caution and control, because what was he so afraid of? Was Dean really that bad that Castiel couldn’t stand the thought of even risking anything more? But why would he seem so conflicted, if he felt nothing for Dean? Maybe he was physically attracted to Dean and was fighting it, because Dean was no good and Castiel knew that. That seemed more likely.
Dean woke slowly to the soft light of the sun peeking through the curtains. He shifted slightly, reaching out – only to find a faintly warm section of mattress beside him. He frowned, reaching further, but there was no warm body to be found.
I’m so sorry this update took so long! Life. -.- I will try to get the next one out sooner to make it up to you!
Dean just shrugged, though he frowned slightly at that. If even Charlie could see what he did, that Castiel really did seem to care more than was warranted for a professional relationship and yet he kept that distance and line between them, then Dean's reasoning about why he was fighting it was probably right. But why wouldn't he just say that? Castiel always seemed so up front with everything, so why was it that his actions were seeming to contradict each other? It didn’t make any sense.
He felt the bed drop slightly beside him, but he didn’t look up. He couldn’t, not yet. Not when there was so much more to say. Still, a smile tugged on his lips when he felt Dean’s hand slide into his and squeeze supportively. He splayed his fingers out, giving Dean’s fingers room to slip between and lace together.
“Well, yeah man, we’ve become fast friends.” Dean could feel the nervousness creeping in as talk drifted to a topic he wasn’t sure he was comfortable discussing yet. “But, I dunno, I think I should back off a bit. Let him have his life back. He’s done a lot for me.”
Dean had long since let go of Cas’ hair, and as he felt the waves of pleasure growing stronger, he scrabbled for something to hold onto. Unexpectedly, Castiel’s hand was gripping onto his, and he held on for dear life.
He had started off telling her about the most recent events – what had happened to put him on that parking lot roof top, all about Castiel, and then about his relationships with Sam and Charlie. She challenged all of his self-depreciating thoughts in a way that made him actually challenge the truth of them. She made him think about what he was doing to himself, instead of just thinking about how he was affecting the people around him. She talked about his episodes in a way that he didn’t feel any less of a person or judged for experiencing them the way he did.
"Yes sir, that's correct." Dean spoke into the microphone of the headset he wore, fighting the urge to roll his eyes. "Just complete the form, print it, then post it to the address at the bottom and we'll get that change of name sorted for you."
“S-sure, man.” Dean winced when his voice stuttered, and cleared his throat. “But Cas, uh... There’s rules, dude.”
Frowning in confusion, Castiel glanced around and found the toolbox beside the door, barely a foot away. He scrambled over, returning with a paper bag which he showed Dean for confirmation. Dean nodded, and Castiel hesitantly glanced inside, then a grin broke his face as he found a small bottle of astroglide and a strip of condoms. He tore one off and kept the bottle, throwing the bag back toward the toolbox before he turned back to Dean. The man looked absolutely wrecked, moaning again as Castiel rolled his clothed erection against Dean’s aching cock.
“Don’t do that, you’ll hurt it more. I noticed this before. What happened?” Castiel asked, still holding his wrist.
And yet, he was also the one to place his hand lightly on the small of Dean’s back as they walked down the hallway quietly together. It didn’t last long – he seemed to realise what he was doing and hastily pulled his hand away, but the warmth where his hand had been lasted long enough for Dean to feel conflicted by it, and more confused than before. The only thing he could think of was that he was right - Castiel knew how broken he was and knew that he was no good, so was trying not to get too close.
Dean nodded and braced himself, closing his eyes against the pain he was about to cause. He tightened his grip and with a sharp tug, the blade slid free in one movement, and he pressed the shirt against the wound in the next instant. Castiel cried out, then his whole body slumped limply forward into Dean’s waiting arms.
And of course, he convinced himself it was just a coincidence that he’d thought of Castiel in that moment.
Castiel just shot him a seductive little smirk, then dropped heavily to his knees in front of the man. His hands hastily worked at the clasp of Dean’s pants, watching the moment that understanding lit Dean’s eyes and he gasped. He shot him another wicked grin before jerking his pants down hurriedly, licking his lips in anticipation as Dean’s cock sprang free, already rock hard and leaking.
One good reason. There was only one thing on Castiel’s mind right now, and if the man wanted to push his limits, then goddamnit so would Castiel. His hands shot up, gripping the elbow of the arm held across his chest and the bicep of the other arm, pulling the man closer to him. There was a brief flash of understanding in the green eyes before his own eyes slipped shut, pressing his lips to the other man’s, rough and desperate and greedy.
“But- oh...” Dean’s breath came out in a sigh as Cas rolled his hips, and he knew he’d won. “Yeah. Yeah, okay.”
Diving into the physical aspect of work helped - stocking fridges and shelves, receiving and putting away deliveries, it all helped keep his mind off things until he finished. As soon as he left, however, the anger returned. Even now Castiel was restless and grumpy, kicking at a blanket that got in his road on the way to sit on the couch. He let his head drop back, eyes closed as he focused on his breathing, trying to calm and relax his body and mind. He should look into yoga or tai chi or something. Maybe it would help ease this uptight feeling that he’d developed. He made a mental note to do some research.
He kept murmuring quiet words of comfort as he shifted their positions, gently leading the man to lay with him. He drew him in, pressing soft kisses to his lips and cheeks as they wrapped around each other. His lips traveled across Dean’s jaw, down his neck to find that sweet spot. Dean’s breath hitched as he found it and he smiled against the skin, nipping lightly before he returned to his mouth.
With their rules written out and signed on, the four seperated to get ready for the day. Sam informed them to meet in the war room at noon for kick-off. Dean, heading off to the shower, found himself looking forward to the game despite his trepidation.
Dean frowned as he thought about it. Surely it hadn’t been that long. It was the way they were; he called his brother Sammy, Sam pretended he hated it and bitched about it, but really he liked it. They did it all the time. But as he tried to remember the last time, he realised he couldn’t. He’d drifted away from everyone, retreating into himself so badly that he’d even drifted away from Sam, the one person he was supposed to be close to. That realisation made him feel terrible, and he looked back at Sam sadly.
He nodded slightly, closing his eyes. He could feel both against his back, and slowly, it started to calm him down. He couldn’t help noticing that he was dealing with it a lot better this time - he hadn’t spiralled out into an uncontrollable panic attack, which was a marked improvement.
“Ohhhh, shit...” He groaned loudly, gripping tighter into Cas’ hair. Sparks shot up his spine, and he barely felt it when his legs gave out and he dropped to his knees.
God he wanted to just take him, give in to primal desire. But he had to be absolutely certain. He leant forward, capturing Dean’s lips for another filthy kiss as they ground together roughly, then moved down to nip at his sensitive spot on his neck. His hands moved down, gently sliding his shorts down further. Dean squirmed, eventually managing to kick his shorts off with breathless pants as Castiel continued to lavish his neck.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s voice came through the speaker, rougher than Dean was used to hearing it. He must have woken the guy up. “How are you feeling now?”
“I gave it to him when he left, but I didn’t tell him it had a gps tracker in it. I was worried about him, and I wanted to be able to find him. Didn’t think to check it before I left home, I’ve never really had trouble finding him-“ He paused, clicking a few buttons as he bit down on the sucker. He typed some more, then growled angrily. “Damn, can’t remember the password.”
“Charlie Bradbury?” Bobby asked quickly, and Dean nodded in response. “Mm. She’s good people. We’ll get some more information out of her. Hey, Harvelle! That pizza on it’s way yet?” Bobby called out, glancing over the back of the couch with a grin.
Dean shoved Cas against the wall bodily, pressing against him. He barely had time to register a smirk before he crashed his lips against the angel’s, tongue slipping between his parted lips as he licked into Cas’ mouth greedily. His hands shot to Cas’ sides, slipping easily under the soft material of his own Tee, that Cas had chosen to wear.
Wednesday passed much the same. He’d waited until Sam had left for work, then finally come out for more than a bathroom break. After a quick glance through the cupboards and fridge, he’d gone grocery shopping. He bought enough to make sure Sam had plenty to eat, gotten home and packed it away, then retreated back to his room and shut the world out.
Dean turned his head, surprised to see Uncle Bobby making his way over to stand at Dean’s side. Judging by the look on Bobby’s face, he wasn’t impressed by Castiel’s explanation.
He let go of one entwined hand, moving it to tangle in the hair at the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him in deeper. His tongue flicked over Dean’s lip, and he heard his partner groan before he pulled back.
“But… you and Bobby love each other.” Dean frowned, surprised. Sure, he’d seen them banter, but he never realised they actually fought, and he wasn’t sure what to think of that information. “Why are you telling me this?”
As conversation died and the sounds of the movie took over once more, Dean was able to really focus on what Cas was doing. His hand moved firmly, yet frustratingly slowly, over his cock. Precum slicked the way, Cas’ thumb stroked over his head to spread the sticky substance.
