and detective, captive, survivor.
John’s thoughts kept coming round to one single point. He couldn’t fathom how Sherlock could find some sort of emotional connection with his patrons--especially when he kept everyone else at arm’s length. Was that Naamah’s doing, some foolish notion that there was genuine love between patron and adept? Is that what made the prostitution palatable? If it did exist, surely it diluted any and every attachment.
Sherlock snorted, taking the bait. “Just because I
euphamism for sex you’ve ever--”
John and Sherlock strolled arm-in-arm out to the far edge of the property, where this promised pond sat in quiet reflection of the late afternoon sky. Indeed, thick brakes of bulrushes obscured the far shore of the little retention pond; it was just large enough to support a small dock one might sit upon and fish. Further off, a few sheep bleated in boredom from across a paddock fence.
Within the chapel, the windows were all shattered, allowing all manner of creeping vines, winter-bare like gnarled wooden fingers, to overrun the area. A razor-sharp January wind sliced through, and Sherlock in his thin scrubs felt it all the way to his bones. He shivered convulsively.
would catch the telltale signs of a virginal priest pushed to his limits, fighting not to imagine exactly
But Lestrade was interrupted by a ruckus out on the floor beyond his office. Sherlock spun and pried open the blinds; Dominique Chamberlain rampaged, his deep voice loud and furious. Sally and several PCs rushed him, attempting to subdue him.
As Sherlock left the temple, the desire in his blood transmuted, fizzing into a kind of hope, a kind of joy he’d never felt before. Not since the Kusheline priestess had pricked his finger, had named his affliction a blessing. For the first time in ten years, he felt like his choices were more right than mere logic would allow, and he had no idea how to quantify that experience.
“Only when I can’t avoid it,” Sherlock admitted, his fears unassuaged.
Sherlock found the intended instrument in the far corner of the dining room and set to warming up the instrument, to scanning through the musical selections left on the nearby stand, as Jim and Amelia took their seats.
“How’s that? Enjoying yourself so far?” Wilkerson traced his fingers along Sherlock’s ribs idly as he asked the question.
“Admit it, Sergeant Donovan, curiosity’s got the cat.” The way his voice curled--it turned John’s stomach.
As a student, horrid places of crimes past had always caught his attention. Four locations came to mind: San Servolo, Lazzaretos Nuevo and Vecchio, and Poveglia. Of those, though, three held regular tours and museums dedicated to their gruesome pasts. The last, he knew with crushing certainty, was the one he’d been taken to: the island of Poveglia, off the coast of Venice, whose history and conditions were so dire it’d been sealed off from the outside world decades ago.
His voice quivered as he spoke. “I do.”
There was one place, though, where Sherlock knew he’d have an ally.
Jim had arrived.
had finally wound down, its inhabitants content to retreat to the comfort of their rooms. It made it that much easier for John to escape the confinement of his own, those four walls that pressed closer every day.
“Indeed.”
“It’s true. Elua’s balls, it’s true,” she whispered. But then her dominating character slid back into place and she patted his cheek roughly. “What a pretty package for a whipping boy. Patrons would cut themselves on those cheekbones.”
There was no art in Sherlock’s response, only that he begged with his body, for every last bite, pinch, and hard-won caress. The mesh clung to him, sweaty, his skin scored in spots where the diamonds pressed in or dragged, impossibly tight at the shoulder and groin from the way Sherlock twisted and writhed.
at John.
“Want you,” John muttered in the space between their mouths.
They ran as fast as they dared--thankfully there was little debris, and the ground was bricked, but tree roots gnarled the path. Felippa and John both unleashed their torches, whose beams sliced through the dark, spasmodically bouncing off the earthen walls. In a few spots they splashed blindly into puddles of freezing ground water, so that every step was a torturous pound of painfully frigid extremities. Eventually they could make out light up ahead; the outlined cracks of another set of doors that led up above.
But tonight, after so many times, Sherlock only repeats his name softly. Sherlock understands, he thinks, that he needs this reminder that his name exists, that he exists.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I am a servant of Naamah, yes,” Sherlock said cautiously. “I have always gone willingly and consensually to my assignations, but I have never had the pleasure of choosing someone with no ulterior motive. I have never been in this position, as an equal rather than a submissive, and I’ve certainly never been with someone who’s--”
“I do it because I was called to do it.”
A creak outside his door jerked his thoughts away. Sherlock glanced to find a shadow blocking the light coming from under his door. He slid the bow along the strings once more, pretending to continue uninterrupted as he moved silently toward it. The shadow didn’t leave.
There was nothing for it.
“We have reason to believe you were friends with the victim, Jake.” John’s voice came out as gentle as Sherlock had ever heard it--as calm as asking the weather, as mild as telling the time. “We’re here to help.”
He and seven other angels--Anael, Azza, Camael, Cassiel, Eisheth, Naamah, and Shemhazai--left Adonai’s court to follow at Elua’s side.
Sherlock looked back down to his notes, certain he didn’t want to hear whatever would come next. “If it’s about the dead mice, I swear Heidegger--”
Sherlock basked in the praise, turning his face to catch Jim’s palm with his cheekbone, but Jim withdrew. When he opened his eyes, Jim stared at him calmly, clearly expecting his next silent demand be met.
John nodded and continued reaching for his wallet.
John clenched his jaw, only too able to picture this voice asking this question to a patron after a night of--of--whatever it was Sherlock was going to get up to, exactly.
# # # # #
Unable to form words, Sherlock nodded, his eyes drifting up to meet Lestrade’s, whose cock was still wedged firmly against his face.
Furthermore, how could he really look at a woman who condoned--or at least tolerated--their partner having dalliances like this, even with a Servant of Naamah? Was she weak of will, or desperate for him to stay? Mr. Wilkerson wasn’t a large man, so physical coercion seemed unlikely, but maybe he had other means? John suppressed a shudder, fought back the foreboding that pricked between his shoulderblades and behind his eyes. Had he just left his ward with a mental abuser?
John didn’t have an answer to that, instead opting to lose himself to the call, to Cassiel’s molten steel in his veins as they careened out onto a bustling road at the opposite end of the alley. John caught sight of Smith and threw himself forward even harder, desperate to close the last half-block between them and this case being done.
The attendant pushed the door open and Sherlock’s mother steered him into the small, well-lit office. A woman in her mid-thirties, in similar black robe, sat behind a heavy old desk, fingers laced together. Red and black satin gleamed at the hems of her robe as she rose to greet them, extending a hand to Sherlock and his mother.
“Hundreds of British lives, Jim. Hundreds of
The imperative in his voice! Oh, Elua if that was how he had steadily risen through his ranks, forget DI--he’d make Commissioner before he knew it.
Later, after Amelie had taken her leave and the house had settled into its nighttime routine, Sherlock lay awake, curled in his bed. He felt a pattern tugging at the back of his brain, just out of cognisant reach. The Ambassador’s daughter, Bryony’s investigation, these were somehow linked. Sherlock had no idea how, except that they both involved the death of a person on foreign soil.
Above, Victor grunted, his rhythm growing erratic. Sherlock felt as his bollocks contracted, high and tight against Sherlock’s chin, but at the last second, Victor jerked free of Sherlock’s mouth.
When they collapse into a boneless heap a moment later, it’s the best Sherlock’s felt in probably a month.
“Darlin’ all the toast is brown--that’s what makes it toast,” the waitress chuckled, and offered a wink that looked more like one eye had simply forgotten to blink. “Y’mean, wheat?”
He ignored her and threw the door open just in time to hear a dire proclamation.
But from there the conversation had rolled onward without a hitch, and John was content to let the matter drop for now, to think on what Sherlock had said. At one point, the novelty of the digital jukebox--anachronistically modern in the run-down old diner--became too much. John wandered over to it and dropped a few songs’ worth of quarters into the machine. Motown filled the diner, and John bobbed his head as he walked back to his seat.
. I knoooow I said I was going to wait a week, but let's face it, self-control is probably not one of my strong suits. So here it is! I got the title from
So he lets his feet sink back to the silt before kicking off, his erratic orbit gravitating back toward Sherlock. He recalls with stunning clarity the way this felt last time, the way the water churned then as he only now sluices through it with placid determination.
Sherlock tipped forward, caught John’s bottom lip between his, a quick kiss as he stroked them slow and dirty. He rested his forehead against John’s brow. “Tell me to stop if you feel uncomfortable. You mean more to me than anything.”
. Mr. Ames and I have worked very diligently to produce a design we believe you will like.”
Emile tipped his hat to them. “Gentlemen, right this way.”
As he hit the threshold, someone started the music once more, a new song moderate in speed, the electronic drums reminiscent of a heartbeat. The volume and tempo built as he wended his way through revelers to the centre of the room, the heavy bass pulsing through his body, his hips swaying, arse shaking just so to jangle the little sash full of metal fringe. His arms swung and locked with every other step, a new shape framing his abdomen, which contracted and contorted, the thrilling burn of isolated muscle groups coordinating beautifully to curve his body like water or wind, slither it like a snake between guests and against Apollinaire de Fhirze, who let out a throaty laugh, thoroughly pleased with Dianne’s gift.
“You were outside the door a full thirty seconds before knocking,” Sherlock said. He was in filter-free deduction mode, his voice tight. He was as  nervous as John. “You were considering your options. You have doubts. I wager it's even-odds you've come in here because you--”
Until now, Sherlock had almost forgotten Helen had been trained in Mandrake House, that her proficiency outshone his own.Even barbed Mandrake House taught its adepts the more delicate arts of Naamah’s service. He certainly remembered as she leaned forward to blow a cool breath against his feverish skin, her hair trailing along his stomach in its wake. He recognised it as a skill taught to all House adepts, which the
He opened his mouth to reply when John stepped up from behind, laid a firm hand on Sherlock’s bicep.
Sherlock closed his eyes again, breathed deep. He didn’t have the energy to do more than nod.
they got up to.
He may not have been overwhelmed, the way he was before visiting Kushiel’s temple, but her absence would always hurt terribly.
button before he heard Mycroft.
Dusk had given way to sharp January night, whose dry winter darkness made the neon lights for every bar and restaurant sign shine brighter, a sea of red-on-yellow, white-on-blue incandescence. The noise of passing cars and night-time pedestrians swirled around Sherlock, who was determined to enjoy his dinner company one way or the other--if he could not find a way to make the bitter Cassiline smile again, he could at least have fun teasing him until he snapped.
And Sherlock’s proximity, well, it was distracting enough that John nearly forgot to suck in his breath when he did so; all he could think was,
“If that’s too much--we don’t have to,” Sherlock added, uncertainty creeping into his voice. “I refuse to rush you.”
“We’re going out,” Sherlock answered. Whatever he’d taken from John’s statement was not nearly enough for Sherlock to reconsider the mission.
Sherlock’s throat tightened, his eyes burned. This was too much, and he hated how deeply he loved it.
John frowned and craned his neck to glance down at him. “But you’re--you. You’re a servant of Naamah.”
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath. It was one thing for Mycroft to imply--another thing entirely for Sherlock to decide, and a wholly separate thing altogether for this
Sherlock staggered back, let the wall take his weight. She was right. It was a hateful, undeniable truth. John had risked himself more times than even Sherlock could count. John had put his
Rather than say anything at all, John leaned forward, caught him in a crushing hug. Sherlock swallowed thickly.
“What can I get for you?” Emile’s voice held friendliness, an edge of flirtation that would not go amiss here in Knight’s Doorstep.
“Brother John Watson, you are formally charged with willful disregard to our sacred laws for the following: knowingly discharging your gun to murder before knowing whether or not your ward was even alive, allowing your gun to be obtained by anyone other than another Cassiline, and violating your chastity, leading to the deaths of your ward’s household.”
in the Kushiel-verse, we learn that Imriel and other scions of Kushiel's house (read: earthly descendants) have the gift of "seeing" the fault-lines in a person's soul, a means of finding the right way to manipulate or punish them. I thought this dove-tailed perfectly with both canon Moriarty and the way I've adapted him here in this fic. It doesn't diminish the independent singularity of his freaky prowess, his intelligence, or his cruelty, though. (Imriel is the protag of his trilogy, obviously, and isn't a Moriarty-type at all, even if other scions in Kushiel's lines are.)
“Ah, our time’s up,” Wilkerson noted. He pushed up from his recumbent position to regard Sherlock with a fragile expression, as delicate as a schoolboy. His mouth twitched in a smile, and he blushed slightly. “But thank you. Will you come to see me again?”
John found himself simultaneously touched that she would offer that level of concern as well as dismayed at the necessity for such a warning. He offered a her a smile that didn’t do much to conceal either emotion, rather than his usual denial.
piss off the Cassiline.
“Now move, John Watson,” Sherlock said between kisses.
Even at this late hour, Elua’s temple remained open, a harbour for those that sought it. The old stone building loomed familiar. John laid his palm against the heavy oak door. Behind closed eyes he could already see the courtyard, could feel the radiance of Elua’s presence.
# # # # #
I want you to show off for me, freak! Get to work, then!” Sally snapped, but it was exactly what Sherlock needed--she’d backed off just enough from orgasm to get this to work.
I go back to the top of the slide
That was when he heard a faint click followed by the unmistakeable buzz of a vibrator.
Sherlock thought of everything he knew about sex-crime related homicide, everything he’d experienced in his short months as a servant. He couldn’t imagine how another servant, one who wasn’t wired as he was, who had no idea what to expect in such a situation, might have experienced this sort of crime. It made him nauseous to think of.
And that made no sense. Why should John feel sorry? Clearly no harm had come to his ward, and this had only served to shorten their stay here. By itself, that was some relief.
John prayed his soul was half as well-polished.
Sherlock grinned hard. Leave it to John to turn everything about being dominant into something malleable and sweet even as he gave Sherlock a command.
Mr. Ames’s studio felt completely different bathed in streetlight, empty and silent as it was when they broke into it roughly an hour later.
Amelia smiled and circled the rim of her tumbler with her fingertip. “After all that lovely playing I’m sure you’re parched, darling.”
They stood in silence a moment, until Irene gave a discreet cough. "It's time. Go make me proud, anguisset."
This made things so much easier.
Sherlock leans forward, and with uncharacteristic humour, whispers, “You could let the Sheriff of Nottingham plunder Sherwood Forest…”
Ms. Adler let out a short bark of laughter, surprised by his bluntness. “Rumour is, you’re the first
During the lull in the conversation that followed, Sherlock caught a movement in the corner of his eye. John slipped through the sitting room, headed from the kitchen toward the stair. Rather than his usual seething rictus, the twist to his mouth held something akin to anguish, desperation. What could bother the staunch Cassiline that badly?
This time Wilkerson’s voice was little more than a whisper brushing against the shell of his ear. “Now I’m going to add weights to your nipple clamps. It’s going to hurt quite a lot.”
With John gone, Mycroft’s posture softened only marginally. “I need you to gather intelligence for me.”
Sherlock wasted no time. A week later, just a few days short of his birthday, the very day his private physician snapped her nitrile gloves from her hands and tossed them into the bin, he contacted a former Bryony adept who specialised in gem appraisal within the hour. Sherlock was never more thankful that where Kushiel cast his dart, he also blessed with somewhat faster-than-normal healing. The thin, careful slices into his skin had already healed clean with but a judicious amount of salve.
Sherlock struggled to shift his balance, to rise to his feet, but he managed. Helen finished dropping her trousers and sat down on the edge of the bed. “In my lap.”
Then one day, shortly after his third anniversary in the service, he’d gathered with the adepts right in the centre of the Bryony House common room, ready to be selected by a new patron for the evening.
“How dare you speak to my guest that way,” he snarled. “Is this the sort of behavior
Irene rapped gently at Sherlock’s bedroom door, pushing it open after he invited her in. She studied him, her skin pale against the black cloth of her dress. Her smile was at once proud and certain.
An icy stone lodged itself into Sherlock’s chest as he recalled the night he’d stumbled upon John’s prayers, months ago.
"No," Sherlock croaked, but he swayed on the chain, nothing but the sum of his pain, his fear, his budding desire even as Jim laid his monstrous nature bare.
John focuses on the little stash of mecha figurines he’d sworn a million years ago he’d keep secret for Greg. A distant part of him finds the irony in the fact that Molly is with him now, that secret theoretically wide open to his crush. Maybe it’s for the best that Molly is still frowning at John. Greg’s secret is safe.
just how aroused John was. All around them the music thudded and pulsed, and the heat from Sherlock’s body was enough to make his head swim. As they rocked together to the beat, John felt the way Sherlock’s body brushed against the small of his back and the upmost curve of his arse and
“Getting there,” Sherlock retorted, unable to keep the full breadth of his heart from echoing in every syllable.
Nausea roiled in John’s middle. All he could think was that if he ever failed in his duty, this could easily be his ward. That body could be Sherlock.
“Is this okay?” Sherlock asked.
“No,” Sherlock gasped. He clenched his teeth, so close to orgasm he thought he might die from it. “No, Daddy.”
, damn it. He would live, for John.
Irene’s wolfish grin was back. “That’s more than most can pick off Jim. You’ve done well.” She looked to Jim then, rolling her eyes fondly. “You can let him go now, love.”
Rather than faint like a fragile daisy into the warm pity in John’s voice, Sherlock focused on the grander scheme, drew strength from that distance. “Madeline D’Arbos’s murder and Smith’s assassination were merely an opening gambit. Whoever wanted that message sent to her didn’t wait for Smith to talk.”
and moved on with wherever his life led them both. Sherlock’s life--and therefore John’s--would lead only to one inevitable end, and that end was Jim fucking Moriarty.
Curiosity got the better of John, and he was thankful for his light steps as he crept to the top of the stair, just hovering around the corner. Sound from the kitchen carried up the narrow passage beautifully.
So it made sense that despite his being assigned to ward Sherlock, he didn’t have to like it--Sherlock and Irene were the polar opposite of everything John Watson fixed his compass by, dealing in intrigue and Naamah’s service as they did.
"I--erm. I'll take your word for it," Sherlock answered.
John didn’t bother with a response, drawn in to the music, the electric heat building between his body and Sherlock’s. It was its own form of foreplay, even now when the conclusion was foregone: the glancing brush of palm on skin, the pressure of hips meeting before gliding back, shared breath, the thrill of relinquishing the self to the moment. And when Sherlock dipped his head to steal a kiss, John was dizzy with want.
The water is cooler than he remembers it being, for all that it’s the same time of year as it was the last time they’d been here. A soft breeze breathes across the surface of the little pond, holding the promise of September coming soon. Even now that John is a much more seasoned drinker than he was at seventeen, he should know better than to underestimate the power of well-aged Scotch.
Sherlock sat up, a rose still between his teeth. He maintained eye contact, knowing what was expected of him, as he lowered it onto the pile by the vase. Absently, he licked at a bloody spot on the inside of his lip before he spoke. It gave him a moment to think.
Understanding his silence, the acolyte nodded and merely laid a hand at his elbow, guiding him toward the inner sanctum.
The sudden departure of Sherlock’s mouth was jarring.
“What?” John went wide-eyed, clearly expecting something far different.
John tugged at the collar of his button-down. For the first time since Afghanistan, he felt like he was overdressed for mid-September: sweat beaded and rolled down his spine, leaving a tickling, sticky trail behind. It didn’t matter that it was well after midnight; the air was still just as thick and oppressive as it had been when they’d stepped off the plane at midday their first day over. It had been a week and a half of jungle-humid levels of hell, no matter what time of day.
“Even now your blood calls for me, pet. Can you feel it?”
John nodded hungrily. He would’ve sworn he was dreaming as he watched Sherlock trail lazy, open-mouthed kisses along the side of his cock. The heat and slickness was absolutely intoxicating. Sherlock held his gaze the whole time, and even if he’d wanted to, John would’ve been unable to look away, the sight was so mesmerising. Sherlock’s tongue swirled around the head of John’s cock, and that was all the warning John got before Sherlock slid down, taking John to the root.
Immediately Victor’s hands fell away. “I knew it. Just couldn’t follow my rules. Well, we’ll have to do something about that--” Victor circled round and pushed him squarely between the shoulder blades.
“Funny thing about murder investigations. Contractors receive nearly the same punishment as the assassin. In your case, it would be worse. You did know that, didn’t you? Or did you care, all too happy to throw those servants under the bus?”
“Those are the first good things I’ve heard this whole time,” Sherlock managed.
Sherlock’s knees buckled and a sound escaped him. He reached out, but jerked his hand back to his chest.
After some time, he heard the quiet footsteps of the young acolyte that had offered him dinner, as she picked her way across the crinkling grass floor. Sherlock watched as she tapped John on the shoulder, led him half-stumbling back into the building.
Two weeks. It took two entire weeks between Sherlock receiving that damned postcard and tonight. It was possibly the worst two weeks of John’s life.
As a child, his mother had taught him about Kushiel and the other Companions who’d abandoned the One God to follow Elua. Kushiel, the punisher, saved his brand of mercy for adults--only someone of legal age could choose to submit to his chastisment: ritual flogging. As a child, Sherlock couldn’t imagine the kind of mistakes that would lead a person to submit to a beating, but as he’d gotten older, he’d begun to see the appeal. Sometimes it was a relief to get caught red-handed. It brought its own joys.
Jim chuckled at that. “A few trembling flowers from Alyssum might be the only ones who
“How’d you get--”
the following morning. She held a thick, creamy-white card between outstretched first and second fingers. “Special delivery. Came by courier this morning.”
out of it.”
Moriarty, escaped from detainment where he’d been awaiting trial. The return of Sherlock’s Belstaff, of that damn diamond--neither of which he’d seen or really thought of since La Poveglia. They were an invitation, a gauntlet. There was no denying that. It was a call to play the game as equals. That’s certainly what they were now, though it was in a way that Sherlock would never have fathomed only a year ago. Kushiel’s Scion versus Kushiel’s Dart, with all the world as their chessboard.
“Patience, patience!” John said playfully. He leaned back, squeezed more of the gel lube in a thick line along the shaft of his cock, and after few quick strokes to spread it around, he lined himself up at Sherlock’s entrance.
Sherlock freed himself from Mrs. Hudson’s embrace and simply pointed at the door. “I found this. They marked her height.”
John had no idea what to do with that--Moriarty had done a complete 180 in a wink, had swerved from anger to charm, edges smoothed.
on the lead, drawing Sherlock’s gaze back to him.
“Like hell we are. Did you not just hear what I was saying?” John let out a testy snort, a bull ready to lower his head and plow forward.
“Mum thinks I’m magically god-touched because of a completely unimportant genetic trait,” Sherlock blurted out. “She wants you to tell her I’m special. Which is pointless, because we both already know how painfully unique I am.” The last bit was directed bitterly at his mother, while he clenched his hands at his sides, willing the bite of nails in his palms to override the fear. What on earth did he have to be afraid of?
A blonde woman appeared behind Moriarty’s shoulder. Her face tugged at memory, but John couldn’t place it. Jim held out a hand, silenced John’s protests.
That would never be the nature of their relationship, and he knew it in his bones. He was a servant of Naamah. Even now that he was finished with his marque, he could stay in her service. He had it in him to give and take from any number of patrons. But John--John was his polar opposite. He was loyal to one patron only--his ward.
“Well, then.” Jim stepped back, satisfied. He glanced over to John. “Good night to you both.”
“But why would you give me these?” John asked, voiceless.
The idea of dilation, of anything pressing into his tiny, disregarded orifice suddenly took on a new and frightening dimension. He was now intimately aware of his urethra, of the pain he was about to undergo being an entirely new, entirely unknown quantity.
. But why show me your little secret, hm?" His tone was coy, an odd parody of flirtation.
But Sherlock cuts him off with a kiss.
In all, it took three more days for Sherlock to recuperate enough. Each day, Luca visited him twice, sitting with him for an hour. It was easy to guess Luca had been press-ganged into Jim’s service; his compassion likely extended in this way to each of the servants here on the island. At first, Sherlock tried to draw useful information from him, such as the number of guards, when a supply shipment might arrive, anything that would be useful in getting free from that forsaken place.
and I go for a ride
“Flechettes,” he whispered, his bones turning to liquid. His flagging erection surged and bobbed again, aching after a night of delay, even as tears burned his eyes, trapped beneath the blindfold. “Elua--”
“I don’t need rags,” Jim said. He rose, drew Sherlock to his feet. He grabbed Sherlock by the neck and yanked him forward for one last kiss, possessive despite its chastity.
In the stillness of his own room, John couldn’t help but replay Mrs. Wilkerson’s words:
“Not letting you off that easy. On your feet.”
Before he could say anything else two shots echoed, deafening. Ringleader slumped and hit the pavement dead.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Her mother, Roxanne D'Arbos, is currently pushing forward several trade agreements to Parliament."
“I’m so proud of you, Sherlock. You’re a much better adept than I originally thought you’d be. You’ve made me so happy. I’ll untie your hands and undo your gag, if you’d like to try again to please me?”
John clenches his jaw and goes back to his story, pointedly ignoring Sherlock.
. It was more likely Mycroft was employing this little ruse in order to discredit Jim, to keep Sherlock away from him--but
Sherlock rides it out, his voice gentle and encouraging. “That’s it, come for me, Daddy. Give it all to me.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Sherlock whispered, unable to lie, and he swallowed hard. “A little.”
The lights dimmed, and a sharp-angled woman in white stepped onto the small dais bathed in light. He recognised her from the dossier he’d been given--this was Irene Adler. There was no picture, however, of the anguisse he was condemned to ward.
get, should an errant dancer jostle them closer together. Sherlock need never know just what this dance was doing to John. It also meant the most appropriate place for John to wind his hands, in order to make everything look convincing, was Sherlock’s waist, his stomach.
Unsure of what to do with his hands, Sherlock braced them on his thighs and began to lick at Lestrade’s cock, long swathes from root to tip. It was not entirely unlike a popsicle, he realised.
Sherlock’s heart fluttered in his chest, and for once his smile was genuine.
Each blow inched lower, closer to the thin, sensitive skin where arse met thigh, the blunt brush blazing a path of pain that left Sherlock panting in the intervals. Occasionally Helen stilled the brush to brush her fingertips over the inflamed skin, which became its own unique torture, as the delicate touches on oversensitised skin translated into more pain. The count dragged on, until tears formed and escaped Sherlock’s eyes, until he couldn’t help but tighten his muscles in anticipation of each blow, until “Twenty-five!” escaped with a genuine sob.
Sherlock’s eyes roamed the meagre stretch of Wilkerson’s body, taking in the relaxed pose, the way nothing about his body at all indicated there was tension or excitement held at bay.
, Sherlock! She was your bloody patron, and you’ve gone and done--
This murder had been in the last six hours.
In that moment Cassiel’s love, the love of a warrior and a protector, lit behind his sternum.
“Hello? Yes, my name is Brother John Watson, and I need to report an incident.”
It was not to gain Cassiel’s favour, or even Elua’s. It was his duty, and that was that.
Sherlock couldn’t help but turn a growing grin on John, then. “Excellent question.”
His lips are cool and taste much like the pond, but when they part--
“Welcome,” came a young male voice from a black-robed figure, face hidden by a bronze mask in Kushiel’s likeness. “How may we be of service?”
Sherlock groaned, temped to wear down John's priggish morals just to spite the stupid Cassiline.
John shifted in his seat, undid the belt. “Hang on, I’ve just thought of something.”
So Sherlock let his mind wander.
Sherlock clenched his teeth against the nausea, and drew his knees up to his chest. It did nothing to help.
Also, this has nothing to do with anything, but OH MY GOD HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT 'HAMILTON' YET??
“I’ve seen the way you look at me. You might be good at reading people, Sherlock Holmes, but that doesn’t mean I’m blind, and it doesn’t mean you’ve got a perfect poker face.”
something in her story that had snagged his attention, but just it remained squarely beyond his grasp. “Irene would mull it over, consider how best she might apply that information to future contracts or connections.”
It did not escape John’s notice; his eyes shuttered into pleased slits and a full smirk stretched his lips thin. “Having trouble already?”
Of course John would be annoyed. Clearly everything has to be just so, what with this half-cocked notion that everything had to be one hundred percent more memorable this year.
The first blow fell, scalding hot across the breadth of his shoulders where the flog’s metal-tipped strips snapped against his skin. He tensed. Brass thunder sounded in his ears, louder than he’d ever heard it before. Bloody-red haze washed his vision. He squeezed his eyes shut, breath captive in his lungs. He’d had flogs used on him before, of course he had, and had endured a great many other implements in the course of Naamah’s calling, but this was pain, pure and raw, and with each blow, it spread like fire in his veins. It roared in the hollow place behind his breastbone, combusting hardwood logs of anguish until they were ash. This was Kushiel’s absolution, flesh and blood offered to the keeper of Hell’s gates.
John saluted back. "Yes sir. Thank you sir."
Sherlock stood up putting the palm of his hands on the bar and straightening his arms "For example I know you are an Omega studying to be in the medical field but not a midwife or a nurse like Omegas usually do but an Army doctor. You've just gotten back from basic training in the desert where your training group was shot at. You told your family that nothing major happened as to not worry them but failed to tell them that a bullet grazed your left shoulder, nothing major mind you but enough to need stitches. You are currently on birth control instead of the birth control and heat suppressants they made you take in the army with the hopes to get your heats back on schedule. Now there's only one question I need to ask you. Afghanistan or Iraq?"
________________________________________
Cynthia nodded "Yes, his manners seem to be not all there."
John looked at Sherlocks direction "I'm sorry. But you said the possibility is not completely gone perhaps someday our little one could get a cousin?"
"Make me!" Connor screamed trying to grab his sisters short dirty blonde hair.
Before he could open the door he heard Mycroft's voice shouting. Slowly he opened it praying that if he was going to beat him he would do it mercifully.
John started to walk around the study and stopped in front of a shelf full of pictures of two little boys. He picked up a frame with a small boy smiling with dark curly hair and a melted ice lolly in his hand and the juice of it all over his face. "Is this Sherlock?"
"Do you love your son?"
John smiled “Thank you Jim. I don’t know what I would do without you.”
Sherlock looked to John and shook his head "Um...no, actually. One of my chefs made it for us."
The one tug on his prick did it and he tensed up and a sweet orgasm over took him.
Sherlock sat cross-cross on the mat listening to the instructors breathing exercise. He tried not to look around at the other couples together and be envious as each alpha helped their omega. It hurt too much at the moment.
All in all I guess the moral of the story is keep your loved ones close especially during the holidays when we reflect on the past as well as the future.
Sherlock smirked at him "You'll see."
Oliver nodded "How long has it been since your waters broke?"
Kathleen took a drink from her champagne glass "My, my, I never guessed that our little Sherlock had it in him to catch such a handsome Omega all on his own." She began to run her finger over the rim of her glass and John could feel a tension to begin. "You know, there was a slight arrangement for Sherlock to marry my boy but it seems that Sherlock went a little rogue."
As dessert was placed before him King Siger finally decided to speak. "So John, how is university going?"
George nodded his head to the kitchen "Back there."
Sherlock stared into John's eyes.
John took a deep breath and grabbed Sherlocks hand. They both walked out together where John's parents were sitting the the couch slowly drinking their tea.
_____________________________________________________
Sherlock was taken back by the kiss but after John spoke he grabbed his face and kissed him once more. "I can't ask you to hide away like we are committing some sort of crime."
"Because this is torture! Me getting a job! A job?!"
Bruce leaned forward on the table "I want to know what will become of my boy. Are you planning to stay with him? Is this a one time thing?"
_______________________________________
"Yes, well….” John said feeling like this night was already turning into a disaster. “Who’s hungry?”
Sherlock groaned and sat up "Can't I just take a test to show that their curriculum is beneath me? I guarantee I'm twice as smart as these professors."
John grit his teeth. Even though his mother was quite traditional he grew up in a very forward thinking household. His father never let his secondary gender rule him. He would treat him just like any other person and would in fact strive to make sure his son got everything he wanted out of life despite being an Omega.
The car soon was at the gates of Buckingham Palace. Even the car seemed claustrophobic due to all the people who were practically smashed against the window in hopes of catching a glimpse of the crowned prince and the new piece of tail he had.
Amanda started laughing "Oh lighten up!" Amanda quickly grabbed a beer can and handed it to Charlotte. "Here. This will wind you down."
It had been a little over a month since the two started working together and he had started tutoring John. Even though he was excited somewhat over this new found relationship he also didn't think it would go any farther then a friendly smile passing by each other but he found himself looking forward to work, class, and even his to tutoring sessions.
April 10, 2013
"But he-"
"Yes." He said as he scratched his head "Although I don't know what you'd want with them."
"No." She doesn't know why that answer was so quick.
The Professor gave a disapproving look and glanced at his watch "20 minutes late. I know you may be used to people waiting around for you Prince Sherlock but this is my class and I expect all participants to be here."
"I know who you are." The man said with a snarl and slammed the door behind him so they were both outside.
John smiled "That's brilliant. Mary and I only planned on have four children tops but call it fate or what have you, no matter what we did she seemed to keep getting pregnant. I have three Omega girls and five Alpha boys."
"Bite my arse Mike." John laughed and punched his arm.
As he sat there scrubbing he went over Charlotte's biting words. He knew it was his fault they were in this situation but he thought they were passed that. Did Charlotte really feel that way or was it just the alcohol talking?
John stood up and saluted mates in an acceptance of the challenge and walked towards the omega.
"Alright. I just hope you know what you're doing Greg."
"Well he seems like a very nice flat mate Johnny." Zachary said quietly. "Although I'm surprised you let him walk around dressed like that. Shouldn't he a bit more proper?"
Sherlock shifted in his seat a little bit "Actually, this is me telling you that there might be a chance I may not come back at all...."
John blinked in surprise "I'm here to see Sherlock." He pointed over to him.
"That's not what most people say." The omega said looking down at his book again.
When she reached for her son to try and pry him away he burst into hysterics and started flailing his arms and legs. "No! No! No! I want Grandad! No Mummy!" His cheeks became red and he was screaming at the too of his lungs.
David walked in the door and hung up his jacket. He half smiled at Charlotte. "Hello."
Charlotte turned back. "Yes?" She said with a questioning look.
"He's pregnant! Jesus John!" Mike yelled.
"I'm going to go get Andrew and James so we can walk down to the feild together." Mike says as he grabs his keys and heads towards their door.
"But Father that's only four months away!"
John kissed the back of his neck "I love you too."
Sherlock stood and semi shoved John "Non, vous êtes un menteur . Enfoiré! Regardez vos boules parce que je vais les couper ce soir!" Sherlock said then stormed away to the bedroom slamming the door.
Molly shook her head sadly "No. But I try to keep updated as possible. I even have him as my background. Look."
Mycroft leaned over his desk and brought his hands under his chin. "Have you considered the effects it would have on your son?"
Charlottes heart ceases to beat for a few seconds. "David.....I don't want to break our bond..."
Greg and the driver looking at each other but as their prince bided them, grabbed the rest of his luggage and headed into the building. Of course not without a few curse words under theirs breaths.
John started to get angry “I have a duty to myself as well Sherlock! I’m trying to get my degree if you recall!”
All the students were sitting alphabetically by last name so John was close to the back row and Sherlock braced himself for a boring and tedious graduation. The seats were long metal benches and having to sit there was rather like torture. He would endure though, for John.
John eyes widened "Sherlock...." Fear struck his heart and he knelt in front of him and grabbed his hands. "Sherlock please....I don't want to loose you."
John was putting on some loose track shorts and shoes to go play rugby with his mates. Mike pushed his head forwards playfully and John swatted it away with a smile on his face.
Persephone punched her brother in the arm "Shut up! I don't care what the Watson's tell us to do, we'll still be us. Let's just make a deal that no matter what we resist everything they throw at us."
Sherlock sighed and started getting ready himself. This pattern kept continuing for three weeks it was like he had no husband, just a roommate who was in and out and it hurt. A lot.
John listened. The story was nice but it wasn't the same thing. A slight disagreement that wasn't based on political beliefs. He sighs "Thanks Mum." He says to make her feel better.
Sherlock was pulled from his thoughts "Who said I'm not? I'm just sizing up my classmates. Do you see that girl over there? The one who has tear streaks in her eyes wearing the lavender top? She just recently found out the Omega she was sleeping with, not dating mind you, is pregnant now she's certain she'll have to give up school and get some low level job."
"No that's not what-"
Caleb rubbed his eyes in tiredness as it was almost his nap time "S-kay" he said sleepily and put his head on his Dad's shoulder.
________________________________________
Before they got far Sherlock stopped them "Wait! Greg!" Sherlock said breathless. Greg walked over and immediately Sherlock grabbed him by his collar. "Listen to me." He said in between pants "Go to Baker Street. Mm- my bag is in the bedroom and there's also a small bag for the baby. But this is very important you have to bring the blue blanket with the lamb on it. It has to be that blanket do you understand!?"
There would be times where after rehearsals or performances Charlotte would want to collapse with the feeling of exhaustion but it was always accompanied with a feeling of a job well done, after these stretches though she wanted to weep from exhaustion.
"Well Mary told us we had to come and see what you were up to." His Mum said kissing him on the cheek.
John nodded "Yep. And in about three months I graduate."
John walked over and patted the boy on his arm. "Call us if you need us." John nodded towards the door letting Sherlock know it was time to leave before going out the door.
"Oi, John. You okay mate?" Mike said.
I will always love you.
John gave Mike a guilty look.
-Sherlock.
Valerie wiped her eyes with her napkin "That was one of the most sweetest things I've ever heard."
Clark 11- Alpha
Sherlock put his head in his hands as Cynthia and Zachary leaned forward. "And what's that supposed to mean?" Cynthia said calmly.
John smiled "I do."
Sherlock turned to his parents "And if I refuse?"
George gently tapped the table John was sitting at "Sorry to do this to you mate but break time is over and the new guy just got here and I need you to train him."
Sherlock groaned "This though?! What they're asking of me is entirely uncalled for!"
Sherlock tried to reach for John as well and nearly fought tooth and nail to get them to let him go. "Release him! I command you! Do as I say!"
John had forgotten what it was like to feel this happy and giddy. Running after a would be bank robber was not how he thought this night would go but he can't imagine a better way.
"Maybe if you talk to me nicely, I would answer." John said.
"Are you coming?" Sherlock said.
John giggled a bit "Not bad for your first day. If this Royal business never works out for you, I'm sure you could make a fine career in toilet scrubbing."
Greg shook his head "I didn't know that Sherlock was bringing him tonight, Sherlock has only mentioned him once."
" I believe you I just wanted to know the story behind it." John smiled.
Alvin bowed his head "Will that be all sir?"
_____________________________________
Chloe rolled her eyes in a teenage manner and muttered "Fine" under her breath.
---------------------------------------------------
"Mate! You know as well as I you're not going to last if you have distractions! Think about yourself!"
The ceremony ended and the stadium became a bustle of commotion with families trying to locate each other. Sherlock awkwardly started to work his way down the bleachers when a sharp pain hit him very low in his stomach.
Sherlock looks at her with a blank expression and that's almost worse then him yelling at her. "Charlotte, when everything that happened to you happened your Father and I put every decision in your hands. We asked what you wanted to do about David and you said you wanted him to stay. We had a discussion about having Tristan and giving him up for adoption and you said no. You have been in the drivers seat this entire time and yet you act as if we we're the ones that chose every decision you made. I ask you again Charlotte what is it you want?"
Cynthia hit her husbands arms after bringing up the baby but his words made John wince. That was still a sore spot.
Sherlock began sucking and biting John's neck as his thrusts began to quicken. "Oh John...." He moaned.
The publicity surrounding Sherlock attending the university somewhat increased and then all the sudden almost disappeared. That could be due to the fact that the security had been increased from just Greg to almost all of Sherlocks personal guards.
Sherlock wiped the spit up from the baby's face and held him a little tighter "Well if you think that's crazy, then prepare yourselves for the subject of his children."
John laughed again "That's true but it's still less then ten."
Darius walked closer to his mother "Mmm....I agree Pers."
"I'm sorry dear, you must get up" Mrs. Hudson said almost swatting his arm. "We have a very busy day. You are hosting the Omega lunch along with the Queen and tonight you have dinner with the Ambassador to France."
Sherlock started leading her out of the flat "You know I think it's time for your herbal soothers. I can handle breakfast."
They were all sitting at the table in the kitchen. Archimedes was currently in his grandmothers arms. Killian was in Sigers lap currently being fed biscuits even though it was way too close to supper time. Waylon, Lucretia, Edelweiss, and Valentina were under the table by the adults feet having a tea party of their own while the older children were in the sitting room listening to their music devices or watching television.
John followed him "Wait Sherlock! I'm sorry about everything that has happened between us! I love you!"
Sherlock laughed "Yes but so is everyone."
Later on when Sherlock had picked him up to go out to dinner John told him about what had happened.
It least I know I'm apart of your life....aren't I?
John felt apart of him get a little disappointed "So you have an Alpha then?"
At the moment a young girl who looked to be in her early twenties stopped looking through the stuffed animals and walked up to Sherlock and Siger. She had short blonde hair and was rather thin. An omega Sherlock could tell "Hi, I'm sorry to interrupt but I couldn't help overhearing you mention the name John Watson."
"Why don't we all sit down." Mycroft said holding out his hand to the couches.
"Oh shut up Christopher." Connor said "Let's us mourn our life now that it's completely gone."
Siger having enough of this young girls prying decided to step in "And I'm sure you can clearly see that they are going to have a baby."
Charlotte then picked up Tristan and started walking towards her parents to go home.
All he would say was 'it's just an announcement'. Obviously speaking to all of England about their relationship was no big deal but to John it was like opening himself up to ridicule.
Violet rolled her eyes "Financially stable with our help! If it wasn't for Sherlocks trust fund they would be living in a box somewhere!"
"How is everything? Is Sherlock alright? Is the baby okay?" John said in one rushed breath.
"He already has eight children." Odessa said interrupting. She was becoming impatient with this conversation dragging out.
Sherlock bowed slightly "Thank you. You are truly a master of your craft."
He looked over at Sherlock who was staring out the window, lips pursed in anger as he held his hand firmly. There where two security guards dressed in black suits facing them and didn't even seem to blink they were staring so intently at the two. John didn't want to breathe much less ask where they were going.
John walked into the room with light clapping. While there weren't very many people here the Omegas of the influential made up the framework of society. There were still some single Omegas, children of the families being brought out to be paraded so they could marry up but mostly it was stuffy Omegas trying to rub elbows to gain the latest gossip to bring their peers down. The whole fake kindness thing that John witnessed between them made him sick.
Siger gave a wicked smile to John and stood in front of him. "John Watson." He then snapped his fingers and an assistant placed a file in his hand. "Recently back from training in Iraq, studying to become a doctor. Parents are Bruce and Valerie Watson and you have one sibling. Your father works as a mechanic and your mother is a homebody. On the lower end of the middle class but not struggling much either." He then closed the file and handed it back to his assistant. "I dare say, you have quite a bit to gain from this relationship don't you."
"Are you okay?" Greg said setting a cup of tea in front of Sherlock.
"Yes, just give me a moment."
Violet gave an almost sob "Oh no, Sherlock. Don't tell me, you're pregnant again!"
John sat up and rubbed his hands down his face "Yeah alright. Not like this is making any sense anyways." John got up and stretched his back "So where is he?"
He then gently picked up Tristan to take him downstairs and put him in the cradle they had set in the living room. He didn't what the baby to wake up and disturb Charlotte.
"Okay I'm going to need you to pant and give me little pushes so we can get this kids head out. Little pants please." Oliver said.
As she started heading out the door Amanda grabbed her arm. "Where do you think you're going?" She said almost yelling to be heard over the music.
Sorry this took so long. I hope you enjoy. I had fun writing this chapter.
John was having enough of this pricks attitude "I'm his bloody husband! I demand to see him!" He said slamming his hand down on the counter.
David nodded and smiled. "Thanks."
"My mother sees me as a two year old. I'm an adult and I can make my own decisions." He says frustrated.
Mycroft stood and straightened his jacket "Well what can you do? Sherlock has always been a strong willed Alpha. No matter how much we wish it, he won't change all we can do is hope he is a steady and just King."
"Then why?!" Sherlock said with tears in his eyes. "You should have told them!"
Christopher glared at his brother "Fine. Let's just deal with our shitty lives and pretend the freaks don't exist. Deal?"
At the time he had met Sherlock he had only eight children having just adopted the twins Waylon and Lucretia from one of Sherlocks homeless network which he later found out his how he adopted the the older set of twins Valentina and Edelweiss and Sabian. After Sherlocks last two pregnancies which resulted in the two younger children Killian and now Archimedes, Greg had asked him if he was done subjecting the world to more Holmes children and all he did was smile and say "You never know."
Sherlock stopped in front of a shop that contained baby clothes and they both walked in "I really like the name Alice or Marie for a girl. John like the name Wendy but I think it sounds too old for a girl."
John took a deep breath and opened the script and started to read "Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this; for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss."
He had told them all to dress nicely and wanted them to match as much as possible so all the girls wore white skirts and light pink polo tops while all his boys were in dark blue pants and green polo tops. If any jewellery was worn by any of his girls it was either simple pearl earrings or necklaces.
I look at other couples and thank God we are not them. They have stress and cheating and it seems they hide who they really are from their significant other but with you and I we just seem to flow well together.
"Mr. Watson! Leave my property at once!" Violet bellowed.
I don't have to change a single thing about myself when I'm around you. You love me even when I cut people down with my tounge or when I do not understand the basics of emotions.
"Hello." John said. He couldn't help but smirk.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes I think it suitable to spend it together."
'This is it' John thought and began to mentally come up with an argument why he should graduate.
What Sherlock said in French "Bite my arse!"
Shocked at the change, John started to walk after him "Sherlock?..."
John kept happily sleeping.
John stared forward and nodded his head.
Sherlock opened the script and started "If I profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss."
I roll my eyes as you talk I know someone is trying to whisk you away. You confirm it after you bid the caller farewell and I try my hardest to act like it's alright.
When John was home he saw the black car that contained his guard and felt bad making the old man wait outside. He couldn't help but take a cup of tea out to him. He knocked on the window and Alvin rolled it down setting aside the paper. "What can  do for you Master John?"
Sherlock followed him "A glass of wine perhaps. Red?"
David nods his head, a part of him has been dreading that year.
January 16, 2015
Mycroft turned to his brother "Come now Sherlock don't think of it as a punishment think of it as an opportunity to get to know the people."
"Deal." Chloe, Cody, and Connor said.
"Yay!!!" Killian said running off towards the bathroom.
John was surprised that out of all places they were at St. Barts. "What are we doing here?"
He opened the door to find remains of what looked like a party. Wrapping paper on the floor, plates with bits of cake, and decorations featuring light colours with storks all around.
Meredith's smile fell a bit. "I'm sure you have and I'm not questioning that but I must do what his Royal majesty requests."
Edelweiss 10- Beta (Adopted)
Siger nods "Well I know you two have class and are probably very busy so I'll be quick..."
“Make me!” Christopher said.
The Watson's quieted in their criticism when Sherlock returned with the tea. "So John told me that he was having a little trouble getting a hold of you. He said that you were traveling for work Mr. Watson."
If drinking made you feel this good she could see why so many people became addicted. It was freeing.
________________________________________________
Sherlock stroked the little boy's back. "Come now Tristan, it Mummy. Don't you want to say hello to Mummy?"
Sherlock paid the cabby and they got out of the car. You could tell the the place was crowded.
Valerie had gone all out, a roast and mash were on the table as well as green beans and rolls. Everything  looked delicious.
She looks back at me and smiles. I honestly don't remember when we fell asleep. I know I should get up because you are waiting for me but I can't bring myself too.
My loves eyes grew big as he began to put all the peices together. He began to rip the dress to find pictures sewn in between the fabric along with a note.
To his children that was almost worse than yelling.
"There you are!" She said in a fake gasp. "So as I was saying, how many Alphas have you fucked since starting school?"
Sherlock put Tristan down so they could embrace each other. "I love you John."
Before John could once again have this argument with his mother a big burly voice from inside the house came "Is that my boy?"
"No, John" Violet said "I think this is the perfect time to discuss something like this."
Now I ask the same for you. You don't have to get a haircut, or change your shoes, or even like Mozarts Concerto in C Minor. All I ask is that you love me.
Eight months later is when the black car pulled up to 221B.
After John was done heaving he looked at Sherlock with big puppy dog eyes. "I dunt feels show good."
Sherlock gave Greg a death glare "Besides the obvious puddle on the floor I've been having contractions all morning, yes you idiot! I'm having this baby now!"
Lucretia 8- Alpha (Adopted)
John pulled back just enough to meet Sherlock's lips "I love you."
Valerie pulled away and looked her son up and down "Look at you, you're wasting away! Do they not feed you in that desert?"
________________________________________________
"So Zachary by your logic you think that MY son and MY grandchild should move to Scotland just because your son may be deployed? Well in that case Sherlock should just stay here. I'm here and so is his Father. Besides I think it be better for the baby's development to be raised in a Holmes household."
___________________________________________________________________________
Mycroft sighed "It seems that my young brothers little brawl at the pub last night didn't go unnoticed. Someone recognised him and sent pictures to the media. They were able to dig up the fact that he is attending University. I know we knew this was a possibility but be on the look out. In fact I think it best you walk him to and from class today."
It had been a month since Charlotte left. Her weekly calls stated that she was doing well and enjoying her time with the ballet company.
John could hear Sherlocks sobs but as much as he wanted to go and beg forgiveness the alpha tendencies were gnawing at the core of his being and he thought it safer for his mate to just wait out his rage in their bedroom before going back and retracting his demands.
The Watsons were in the main study room. Compared to the room and environment around them they looked very underdressed.
John angrily kicked the ground before he marched back up to the locker room. It was probably for the best that he was dismissed from class since his heart wasn't in it today but it still hurt.
Greg swallowed "John, it me Greg."
James shrugged "To be honest so were we. We thought he'd want you reading baby books or some stupid shit. But he said you've been stressed and to treat this as a somewhat as a last hurrah."
"Great!" Charlotte turned back to her Dad. "See? David has it under control."
_______________________________________________
John nodded "Yeah. Although I can't bloody understand a word he's saying."
He rolled his eyes at himself, he closed his eyes and abandoned the thoughts. An Omega had no place in his life. An Omega would just distract him. He didn't need an Omega.
Everyone raised their hands at once and he rolled his eyes. "Well all things fair, Persephone since you're the oldest..." he then handed the skull to his daughter.
Sherlock closed his eyes and kissed John softly again "I love you too."
"I also have a question Sherlock." Bruce said.
Sherlock nodded and smiled "Of course. Anything for you my John."
I won't go back to the lonely detective I once was and even though I don't believe in a higher power for once it feels like someone wants us together and I refuse to argue with it.
The hot water felt good on his sore muscles and he silenced out the noise of the loud friendly banter and jokes for awhile.
"Did I stutter?! Your head is not here on your team! And when one team member fails we all do! Show up tomorrow with a better attitude Watson before I send you off!" Sargent Smith then walked towards the other boys leaving John behind.
John looked worried "What is it?"
This morning found the young couple in the kitchen fixing themselves up after a morning fuck over the kitchen table. John was zipping up his fly while Sherlock was pulling up his pyjama bottoms. "Thank you for that love. I needed that."
___________________________________
John held Sherlock around the waist as Sherlocks arms encompassed him. "Won't we ever be alone?"
John smiled at his husbands attempt to make him feel better "That sounds great honey."
It was going to be a long year.
Sherlock nodded "Once he finishes his rounds he's going to come get me. Should be any minute now." He looked at his watch. "We should continue if we want this done by Friday."
"The decor is a little...." Zachary tried searching for the word "Morbid. You would think the university would be a little more strict on this."
Mary looked like she wanted to vomit but put back on the fake smile "Wow....so much going on for John isn't there....well um.....congratulations." She started backing up and hit the display table. She said a rushed apology before practically running out of the shop.
The officiator smiled and turned to John "Please take your Omegas hand."
Sherlock took out his phone and pressed John's contact number. It rang three times then went to voicemail.
As John was looking out and coughing how many cameras there were he felt a hand on his shoulder. "I've always hated these sort of things."
My detective said that the powder on the note did not agree with this poor mans heart and it would seem that Schmuel had been taking this powder for quite some time.
"John! You have a visitor!" Mike yells on his way out.
Sherlock looked up at John with the most sincerest eyes "I would never regret you."
"John!" Mike yelled "Come on we got to get going!"
"When will you stop using that damn excuse! This was not apart of the deal!" Sherlock spat.
The woman gave him a questioning look but continued on. Sherlock took a deep breath. He needed to get a hold of himself for John's sake.
"Don't sell yourself short John. Look where you are now." He said gesturing to the class "They don't just let anyone in here."
"Besides wouldn't want another Watson brute walking around impregnating anyone that walked by." Violet said.
He had honestly tried everything to get out of it even feeding Waylon, Lucretia, and Killian sweets so they'd be extra hard to handle but it seemed Sabian had them in line in a heartbeat. Sherlock didn't know if it was because Sabian was technically head Alpha (because he was the oldest Alpha in their home), or if it was just because Sabian had a nack for taking care of children, but the three little ones had sat down peacefully in front of a movie as he left.
John comes out of the restroom and his heart nearly stops at seeing Sherlock again. "Sherlock! It's nice to see you again. I tried finding you but you seemed to fall off the radar."
"Hello Judge Peterson." Sherlock said smiling holding John's hand. "I'm here to cash in that favour you owe me."
Sherlock gave a snort but smiled "Are you hungry?"
Sherlock looked at his parents but followed his husband anyways with Johns parents behind them.
He was able to carry on and eat a piece of toast then the pain happened again, 45 minutes since the last. He took a deep breath. This was now more then possibly very early labour. If this was the case he had hours before the baby would come. He could do his last day at Scotland Yard and if labour was what was happening now at least he'd be going out with a bang. He had time.
Sherlock had John pressed up against the wall with his legs wrapped around his waist. God it felt good.
John nodded "Sounds like a plan mate."
John shook his head and stepped forward "No it's-" John pushed Greg aside and for the first time he saw Sherlocks swelled stomach which was a lot bigger then the last time he saw. "What-....I-......Sherlock?" John questioned.
John and Sherlock looked to see crowds of the press taking pictures of them.
"Mummy! Mummy! Mummy!" Three voices shouted.
Mycroft who was sitting at his desk couldn't help but smile at the Alphas voice "Unfortunately I have not called you to exchange pleasantries, love."
"Congratulations." Sargent Smith smiled.
Sherlock felt the need to show off a little bit because he could tell John was enjoying this "Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged." He then grabbed Johns side and pulled him a little closer.
Very odd indeed.
John took a deep breath and sat up on his bed. "Sorry Mum. I overslept. I'm up now."
Sherlock grinned "Thank you I'm glad you're happy with it. Would you like some tea?"
After a little reading Tristan easily dozed off and he placed him in the cradle that was in the living room.
"Good hustle out there today Watson. You're an exceptional Alpha."
"Well....no" Sherlock said honestly.
He stopped for a second when he got to Sherlock's stomach. It was still flat and no trace of a pregnancy belly had appeared yet. Worried at why John had stopped Sherlock leaned up a little "Are you okay?"
Valerie smacked her sons shoulder "Don't you Mum me. Harry will be here soon as well."
"Molly?"
It was unlike something he ever experienced before, while intruding it was pleasurable at the same time. He began to moan and in the back of his mind he wondered where did he ever learn to make a noise like that?
Sherlock never really talked about what drove him to become a parent, all he knew was that with the help of his brother Mycroft, Sherlock was able to have five of his children by sperm donors and his brother also helped push through the adoptions of the other five children.
John smiled slightly. "I know what you're doing. This is a sure fire way to get caught."
Again Sherlock nodded "Can he come?" Sherlock said nodding his head towards John.
Sherlock rubbed his stomach trying to ca down the wiggly baby inside "What if the answer is he doesn't want me anymore?"
"Daddy!" Tristan said.
The Holmes family stopped in front of the Watsons and complete silence befell the two families as they took in each other.
Sherlock looked at John "Point taken." Sherlock then looked at his watch. "Speaking of my ten children I best be going."
John and Sherlock walked out together in silence. They got to the car and Sherlock held the door open for John. He could feel the tension radiating off the Omega but decided it was better to remain quiet. When John got in the car Sherlock bent down. "I'll speak to you later John."
John laughed and crossed over to plant a kiss on Sherlocks lips. "It was true. I forgot how amazing you look with a baby."
Sherlock
Charlotte put her head down and stared down at the floor. "Ever since I was three years old I've wanted to do nothing more but dance. It's my one true passion and my escape from the outside world. My home life is not one of a fairytales sir." Charlotte met his eyes again. "But I promise you, I will work harder then any other dancer you will ever meet."
John was nearly convinced that this whole conversation was taking place in his mind in a dream like fashion. This was insane. Absolutely insane, but it was reality. Here this corpse of a man was promising something only people would only think up in macabre stories. A vampire taking on a mortal to live with them in hopes of giving them the world. Deep down though John knew not only his job, but his life, would be at constant stake. Years of practice and patience against bloodlust or whatever he called it could easily go down the toilet. In the darkness of John’s mind he couldn’t help but wonder what would finally set him off, make him crack in order to break his abstinence.
"Found your website, The Science of Deduction."
"Sorry – you stopped her husband being executed?" John asked.Surely he wasn't that good to get someone off on a murder charge?
"What is it, what?" Lestrade leaned in closer over the rails hanging on to the detective's every word.
John’s thoughts screeched to a blinding halt and pupils widened a fraction. An exchange? Of what? In any other normal circumstance the exchange for rent would be money. But this wasn’t any normal situation. He was dealing with a man, a very dead man. A dead man that was a vampire. Of course how stupid could he be!
Popping out his magnifier he began inspecting her jewelry. She was dressing to impress. Her bracelet, earring on her observable right ear, and the necklace all check out as well looked after and clean. However, her wedding ring held deceitful lies and was absolutely filthy. Then again with the setting arrangement of the gaudy style one could see why she unhappily married. Most likely for ten years. He carefully worked the ring off her finger and held it to the light for a better look. Dirty on the outside, but clean on the inside. Yes, definitely lovers. She never wore it around them, regularly removed.
"You know why he's here? He's not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won't be enough. One day we'll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes'll be the one that put it there."
“I am a particular man. A man set in his ways and have been for quite some time and I am not fond of repeating myself.” This time Sherlock’s eyes flashed back to John, the computer lighting making his pale features luminous. “So please, heed my words with care and take them to heart. If you do it will make both of us living here much easier.”
John had thought he was off already bounding down through half of London in a cab since he was so excited about the case. So why was he back? He could see the gears turning in Sherlock's head as he came back in the room, as if he was formulating questions in his mind.
“Yes. Far too much. Enough for a lifetime.”
"How so?"
"It's quite alright. Just doing my job."
“Goodnight John.”
"And a fine job you have done." He clapped John on the shoulder. He grunted in pain at the older man's gesture but shrugged it off.
"Mr. Weasley?" Harry put on a smile.
“If you look carefully there are scratches on the outside of her window on the pane itself. Though there are no signs of forced entry. They are barely visible in the light, but at just the right angle you can make out five lines. Her murderer came here to get her and she was trying to save herself from them.”
“That’s great and all, but I have no clothes here or anything else for that matter. It’s all at my flat.”
John's question made the man turn back around, closing the door strolling over to him as if he was suddenly challenged.
"You need to wear one of these." Sherlock stated.
“Ah. That would be the other feature of interest.” Hooper drew the group’s attention the hand of the bride, lifting it up to show them his findings. Holmes and Watson bent down for a closer look.
"Gave up Mungo's for this. Easier on the muggle folk on my wife's side. Teaching now. Bright young things, like we used to be. God, I hate them!" Mike admitted.
“Am I going to war?” John added as his lip curled into a grin.
"Mike, can I borrow your phone? There's no signal on mine." His deep voice jutted in.
"Mrs. Hudson, Doctor John Watson."
Sherlock spun around and set John’s tea on the table.
“The paper for you dear.” She handed it over to Sherlock and he took it graciously.
“You mean live here and…in exchange I…” His voice faltered as his hand drifted over his wrist.
Anderson's eyes widened and spun around at breakneck speed in shock towards the dark curly haired woman who stared back at equal surprise. Speechless at the detective's accusation. Sherlock gave another sniff in the air for theatrics, enjoying the game he was playing between the two.
A squawk of a misplaced note interrupted the delicate melody and John grinned that he was able to disrupt the peace.
John and Mrs. Hudson exchanged their hellos and she gestured for the two men to come inside. Sherlock easily trotted up the stairs to the second floor leaving John to hobble up after him. John noted that Sherlock had the speed and dexterity that he once used to have, a good qualification for the detective. He reached the second landing to find Sherlock waiting at the top of yet another flight of stairs. At least he was civil enough to wait. Once at the top Sherlock opened the door to the flat.
“Right. Sorry I...sorry.”
Sherlock took the hat graciously and put it back on his head.
“Is that why you use the bagged blood? To constantly keep yourself fed so you don’t have to go a week or so without it on purpose?”
NGL, the alternate name for this chapter was, "This Ain't A Scene, It's A Goddamn Arms Race."
"Come to see me off?" he called as she entered, hands behind her back. Sherlock could see the edges of the nondescript white parcel she held.
“I’ve been known to make worse ones,” he allowed.
Sherlock stepped toward the door, had the lever in hand when John caught his wrist and shook his head.
“I--”
And John hated that for him. He hated that Sherlock had to see exactly the sort of crime he solved first-hand. This, too, was a form of protection, wasn’t it? His desire to take the fear from Sherlock, to erase that memory from his brain?
She didn’t expect this interview to go much further than the introductions, then.
. He remembered, too, the first night they’d gone to an assignation. The lash had snapped mercilessly, made Sherlock cry out. That noise had been torture and tease in one, try as he might to deny it.
John raised an eyebrow.
“I slipped her a bit of cash, that’s all. No untoward sexual favors for the sixteen-year-old girl.” Sherlock let the mockery sink into his voice, waggling his fingers ominously as he stated that last part.
just move out of the country. If John
He crowded John against the door, and John’s efforts to calm himself the whole way home were utterly moot. Desire burned in his veins. John found himself in that same glorious headspace that steadied his hand as it clutched a gun, that stilled his mind in crisis.
Frédérique saw the patron, and recognised Jean-Julien well before he was recognised in return. The way it made his heart thump!
John, the core of the man hidden behind the stalwart Cassiline, human and beautiful.
“There’s no such--”
Sherlock nudged his nose against it. “Relax, John. Naamah will guide you.”
He spun to see Mrs. Hudson frowning at him in amusement, and he realised he’d utterly tuned her out in favour of watching his flatmate do all the bending and lifting. “Hm, yes?”
Each Cassiline fixed John with a stare worthy of Cassiel’s dour sternness, their dove-grey uniforms pressed and pristine, their daggers arranged before each of them in a gleaming
Inside lay a sword in its scabbard. When he pulled out free it shone brilliantly in the light, its etchings a match for the daggers and the vambraces.
, if you’ll both just come with me.”
would raise in pitch, in frequency. John could hear the way Sherlock would hide his concern less and less, or else consciously show it more and more--
The present unwrapped, his clothes discarded on the floor, he retrieved a pair of stilettos from the bag he’d brought, just as requested. He took pride in slipping into them, raising him even higher.
Sherlock’s stomach clenched uneasily around the remains of his lunch.
Given a choice between John’s mirth and his own morbid preoccupation, Sherlock let John’s laughter wash over him, bit his lip to hide a grin. “A man did just die, you know.”
“You went pulling a cat’s tail, Sherlock--you got exactly what you asked for. I might’ve stopped her before she mauled you.”
“Come for me, John,” Sherlock murmured, pausing to lick a stripe along the underside of John’s cock before swallowing him whole again.
It was such an innocent expression, and how could John guard against that?
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, his tone clipped. “I can see that.”
. John had heard Jim refer to himself as Daddy. John would know he liked to be called that, that Sherlock had called him that.
Silence filtered in, slow and comfortable, before Emile spoke again, and this time his tone was genuine. “But you two--you’re good now? Everything’s settled?”
John sniffed hard, just a single intake of air, his heart in his ever-constricting throat. His blood pounded now, deafening in his ears, his head buzzing.
He plucked the little red flowers before making his way to his shoes, to the door, to his home in
He nearly slammed into Sherlock’s back, who had paused to scan their surroundings. Sherlock swerved down a dark alley, calling over his shoulder, “Thought you’d be glad to be rid of me!”
“Si dispone di un quarto d'ora,” the guard grunted, and then the door boomed shut behind, locking Sherlock in once more.
“When I win, I’d really,
John takes his hand.
.  Was Sherlock--his brain couldn’t process this at all, not in the light of day in the middle of a busy sidewalk--was Sherlock masturbating?
“How do you want me to fuck you, freak? You want me to take it easy on you, the way Lestrade did when he popped your cherry?” She paused a moment, and her voice lost some of its surety again. “Or d’you want me to fuck you the way Dimmock would? He really can’t stand you, you know. He--he’d show you no bloody mercy.”
I decided to run the dialogue this way because in the books, Phedre is a superhero at languages, but everything winds up being spoken in English for the sake of the reader--but for me, this always killed the exact enormity of the fact that she was crazy-good at picking up languages and knew ten or fifteen of them. Yes, I know, the limits of physical texts, but still. I saw this opportunity and had to take it.
In time, the storm within him fizzled out, left him pummelled clean like the air and the earth after a downfall. Exhaustion claimed him then, and he knew no more.
The look of shock on Sherlock’s face must’ve told Wilkerson volumes. He felt his mouth hanging agape.
As Sherlock made his way toward the centre, the guests lifted their voices in whoops and raucous cries, pressing in closer to watch him work. Hands dipped into wallets, pressed folding money into his sash, into the waist of his pants or the tight metal bands at his biceps. Sherlock never stopped moving, just spared a moment of eye contact with each, let them see
But a whole montage of impressions lingered any time he thought about the Cassiline beside him; not the least of which was Midwinter Night, the way his thoughts had divided both jagged and nebulous between John and Jim as he toasted for
Neck Tattoo screamed.
“Morning,” he said to them both. His tone and his smile were far more cheerful than anything Sherlock had ever observed on him.
Sherlock shifted, looked up to study John again. “I’m not surprised very often. Well done.”
And then, when Sherlock expected another strike, the rough heat of Lestrade’s hand was replaced by silken hardness as he shifted, drawing his cock along over-sensitized thigh.
“Besides,” Sally lifted a manila folder she’d been holding, waggled it in the air. “I’m guessing this is what you’re looking for, isn’t it?” Her face betrayed the exact same expression as bullies Sherlock remembered from childhood, the ones who played keep-away with his belongings. “All these names and dates, and
John turned to the man and prepared to retrieve his credentials with the Brotherhood.
“What were you working on?” Irene asked, hoisting a generous mug of coffee to her lips. With her hair down, a plum satin robe wrapped around her frame, and the kind of lax posture that came of a prosperous evening, Sherlock could almost imagine Naamah herself looking something like this, fresh-tumbled with any of the lovers she took. And wasn’t that an odd thought.
His mentor, a small only child, the spoiled-rotten daughter of an old-money line. Back before Moriarty, before Victor and Mandrake, when she was just Irene Adler Norton, a bossy, sharp-witted girl with a biting sense of humor and a soft streak a mile wide.
“You make a valid point,” Sister Roberts agreed, unperturbed. “The priests to Angra Maiyu had their citizens burn and salt the fields, starve the livestock, poison the wells, and murder their loved ones in the name of their dark god. Whether you want to attribute her work to divine intervention or human, you can’t deny it was a very necessary thing?”
This chapter contains a sexual scene with an OFC based entirely off my favorite patron from
“Drop it,” the woman said sweetly, her eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. A bit of metal at her wrist glinted in the light, and she spoke again. Vambraces, much like John’s.
as thrust into his fist one final time; muscles in biceps and abdomen taut. “Too clo-oh!”
Sherlock stripped his safety gear and stowed it away neatly before following her through the back garden and into the office of their old farmhouse. Bookcases lined the walls, a lifetime of sating curiosity: a section by the door dedicated to Mrs. Holmes’s pre-motherhood life as a mathematician, and the rest to her ever-expanding interests. The only decoration in the room was a small, hand-painted sign in beige and brown that explained his mother at once:
John let his bewilderment show. “What has that got--how did--”
Instead he closed his eyes, tried not to wince as John peeled the narrow strips of adhesive from his hair. A second later, the bandages were free and John sucked in a small, aborted gasp.
. He tugs at Sherlock’s bottom lip; all is heat, the molten interior of the sun compared to the water-chilled exterior, with traces of Scotch. Sherlock’s body drifts closer, John’s arms sinking to wrap one about his waist, the other about his shoulders, until they are flush together, and had John been a younger man, he would have known exactly what would happen next.
The cost. Hundreds of lives? Two countries? Did his own safety, body and soul, outweigh that? Was it a guilt he could carry?
“I’m not that easy to get one over, y’know.” His words came out half-growl, half-threat.
“I had to clean you off. I’m sorry. It’s a necessary evil. Normally there would be other, more gentle ways of sterilising the site, but being what you are, I think you liked it too, didn’t you?” Wilkerson talked, not really needing an answer, his voice only a reminder that he was right there with Sherlock, attentive and caring even as he drew Sherlock past a whole new horizon of pain. A second wrapper tore. “Right now I’m wiping down the plug with another wipe. There’s a difference, you know, between penis plugs and urethral sounds. Plugs are designed for sensation, sounds for dilation. I don’t think you’re quite ready for dilation, are you? Not a first-timer like you. But your penis would look so, so beautiful, opened wide for me. Maybe another time.”
“I doubt it. Well, I mean, legally, yes. But I don’t think Elua would see it that way.”
“Emile!”
A tangle of emotion wrote itself on Sherlock’s face, and for the longest time he said nothing. John wasn’t sure what to make of it, but he let it be when Sherlock rested his head once more on John’s shoulder.
So went his thoughts, a ceaseless feedback loop that bordered on discomfort, as he wandered, until he found himself staring at a series of painted-over marks etched into a doorframe between the mudroom and the kitchen. His curiosity landed firmly on them, as their spacing didn’t occur in logical increments. One set of scratches might be an inch apart, another only a quarter an inch; they started at roughly three feet from the floor and ended just above five feet. Sherlock frowned at the scratches--they’d been painted over, but not sanded from the wood. There were thirteen marks in all, from knee-height, to roughly shoulder height.
Sherlock’s patrons for the evening were the de Fhirze twins, Apollinaire and Dianne, the co-owners of the multinational investment firm. From what Irene knew, they were very much the type to mix business with pleasure for their more treasured clients. Sherlock, it transpired, was the entertainment.
Out on the sidewalk, he made his appointment with Mr. Ames, volleying text after text with the receptionist, Ari. Come the following morning, he would have his marque in full; he would be free to go where wind and whim blew him.
Which meant he was doubly unprepared for John to descend the stairs a few minutes later in training shorts and an old cut-off t-shirt. What, was he planning on running a 5k? Had he not heard the voicemail, after all? Surely that was impossible--John was a fastidious man, the type not to ignore a message.
, came Maria Callas’s cry from memory. He hadn’t listened to Puccini since the day he’d read the Ysandrine Cycle, more than ten years prior. How apt.
The fingers in Sherlock’s hair tightened, and he surged forward, pressing his cloth-covered cock against Sherlock’s cheek, nose. Gorgeous heat and scent barraged the senses. “D’you want it?”
Sherlock, having gotten his own mobile to call Irene, tried to think of an answer that didn’t betray his stupidity. Failing that, he snapped, “Quiet. I think I’ve found a new lead--”
would go on my resume, you guys.
The way his thighs quivered, his rhythm haltingly slow like he was forcing himself to steady his pace, John could tell Sherlock was already close to finishing. It shouldn’t have been
“Sherlock,” Jim intoned. “
Sherlock nearly lost his balance as the memory of their first meeting washed over him: Jim’s fist tangled in his hair, forcing his head back at a painful angle as Jim’s breath whispered across his ear.
The victim of violence, given not only carte blanche but the hefty financial incentive to take revenge on her torturer.
Sherlock was still feeling rather proud of himself for that voicemail when John got home.
Next Wilkerson pulled from his magic drawer a few different implements: another, larger silk scarf done in an equally delicate pattern, a box of thick nitrile gloves, a several packets of alcohol wipes, and a thin metal implement, roughly three inches long and gently textured, with a ring at one end like a keychain. Beside that he placed a ball-gag, nothing more than a black leather harness affixed to a hard red rubber ball. He also produced a jewelry box, which opened to reveal a delicate chain and various metal weights. Lastly came an unattractive tube of medical grade sterile lube.
Sherlock shook his head, unwilling to admit the truth: if what came at the end of tonight was anything as enjoyable and successful as the fumbling tumble with Lestrade, it would be worth this training; if he let Irene down, though, his career as well as his chances with Jim would come to nil.
# # # # #
From the corner of his eye he could see as the three of them jerked to face him; he was too busy studying the image on-screen.
Later on, there will be time for the ride home, where John will rest his hand on Sherlock’s at an opportune moment; there will be time, all the time in the world for fumbling in the safe semi-light of their front-room, of exploration and lust and laughter. But right now, right now John is merely thankful it’s a quiet night and that no one comes to interrupt them now as they pick up where they left off all those years ago. Nightswimming deserves a quiet night.
I have wanted to write John's perspective of this scene since I wrote the original. I am so tickled to get to play around in his head.
This struck John as funny, and sad, and not a little demented. The laugh it wrung from him was loud enough to echo back to them from the darkened shop windows.
. I'm literally going to start working on chapter 42 just as soon as I post this mammajam, so... yes! Wish me luck!
“I’ve made other arrangements.”
Of course, all this meant John couldn’t sleep.
John bit his knuckle as he came, unsure if he was stifling a cry to Cassiel or Elua.
“I can tell what you’re thinking, and no,” Sherlock answered. “You’re--I worry that I may not be able to help myself.”
His heart stopped beating. His voice sounded miles away when he spoke.
Sally laughs. “Isn’t this like yours and John’s version of forepla--er,” she glances at Billy.
he thinks, his mood already souring.
Sherlock’s skin burned hot where it pressed against John’s side. John groaned into his mouth, tugged at Sherlock’s side until Sherlock slid onto him, pressing him into the mattress but mindful of his bad shoulder. Sherlock kissed him, languid and sure in a way that they hadn’t done earlier, no less heated for its lack of urgency. Sherlock kept him there like that, until John could feel his growing erection pressed between their stomachs. He arched up against Sherlock, the need for friction a sudden priority.
“She told you she sent you to find out how he’d come into money again, didn’t she?”
Brother Vincent had told him countless times.
But here he is, the world fuzzy around the edges, his belly too-warm and his extremities too-cold. There is no such thing as equilibrium--not thermally in his body, not gravitationally as he sways down the pavement, not in the weight of things given versus things taken. The universe is blinder than he feels on his best days.
Sally looks back at the door, obviously considering Molly.
Sherlock didn’t think Lestrade meant for him to come up off his knees.
“Ain’t a problem. Usually dies down after three anyhow. Y’all need aything else t’eat, or we in for an all-nighter?” Her smile was genuine, as if this were a fairly common practice on a Tuesday night. There was another trio at the other end of the diner all arranged similarly, legs stretched out along the bench, a girl reclining against her seatmate. John figured maybe it was a fairly frequent occurrence.
They sit on the shore in silence, shoulder to shoulder. John tugs at the collar of his shirt, a bead of sweat rolling down between his shoulder blades.  Neither of them have bothered with a fire, as the Pritchards’ farm had been sold a decade before to make way for a housing development; even torches would draw too much attention. A thin, very thin ring of trees separates the pond from the outer fences of the neighborhood, which had turned the area into a nature walk for its homeowners.
Wind gusted in from the Thames, lashing at their bodies as Sherlock and John stalked down to the crime scene. The stink of river water was thankfully still subdued by the chilly nighttime air of spring. The river and nearby park held the hum of the city at bay. Ahead of them, industrial lamps and milling bodies led them directly to the crime scene.
“You know I am, Watson.” Brother Vincent leaned back in his office chair, fingers steepled. “You’ve been put up for assignment, and you’re going onto post in a week.” Vincent tapped the folder that lay on the desk between them. “Irene Adler has requested your services for her adept-in-training. We don’t normally honour these sorts of requests, but the subject is a special case.”
He stood, backing up and fisting his fingers in his hair. He had to think.
When the penthouse door swung open, Moriarty did nothing more than stare Sherlock down, a wolf eyeing a wounded lamb. And that wasn’t the worst: Sherlock dropped to one knee, his neck bared and ready for the slaughter. John bit the inside of his cheek to keep from tasting bile.
He jerked the door open to find John standing outside his room, the wide-eyed look of one caught red-handed written plain on his face.
It was common belief that some of the families once tied to nobility from Terre D’Ange were descended of the gods themselves, that the blood of angels ran in their veins. Just as his mother claimed common Siovalese ancestry and therefore Shemhazai’s gifts, so this Jim fellow claimed direct Kushieline ancestry.
For his own part, Sherlock dreaded the necessity. He’d hoped that if he’d ever felt Naamah’s calling again, it would be for the joy of it. He’d certainly still find that in her service, it was just the impetus that bothered him. He just didn’t think it would be so soon.
Cecily had been the pride of Camellia House. She’d worked hard, certainly, and did her best to ignore the rumours--but who could turn an entirely blind ear, when everyone whispered you were likely to become the Dowayne’s second?
The difference in the shadow beneath the dock and out in the open, though, became more apparent once he’d done so. What little light there was illuminated Sherlock like some kind of water nymph, ghostly pale, his cheeks and lips ruddy from exertion. Inexplicably, John felt his heart kick up a notch, and it had nothing to do with the wrestling nor the race.
<3Chuck
“Bend over the desk, whore.”
Sherlock breathed in deep, awaited whatever John might sling at him next. Maybe if he picked the argument, he could win the battle. Maybe it would hurt less, when John inevitably left him.
Panic seized him momentarily until that voice spoke again--
“You think you can take this cock?” Lestrade growled, slipping his slick hand free, dropping to press his chest against Sherlock’s back. He lined himself up until the head of his cock nudged Sherlock’s hole. “You think an inexperienced little prude like you can handle me?”
And then Sherlock’s tone changed abruptly, bright and almost chipper. “Which is why I called--you should pick up more laundry detergent. Dirty clothes and all. See you tonight.”
Jim quirked his eyebrows at Sherlock, a split-second expression to say that he knew what Sherlock had omitted. He mouth was very nearly a smile. “I happen to have one with me. I believe I’ll have you play while Amelia and I dine.”
hard… to pray.”
The memory of their earlier encounter rang through Sherlock's mind:
“Sherlock!” his mother snapped.
“I’ve missed you, pet. Did you miss me?”
Growing irritated, Sherlock tried taking Wilkerson into his mouth--surely with just the right friction, just the right combination of heat and wetness, he’d feel his patron stir.
Ms. Adler nodded. “I will require the cost of your training from the price of your assignations, traditionally given to the House that would buy your
Lestrade pivoted his hips, effectively slapping his cock against Sherlock’s cheek. Which shouldn’t have been nearly as hot as it was.
Sherlock stepped back, circled her. He opened the book again. “The paper in the book looks to be about thirty or more years old, given the aging and the typeset--done in a proper press, unlike modern digital print. It’s doubtful you’d need Naamah’s sacred book before primary school, so likely it’s a hand-me-down.”
“Hello?” The Cassiline’s voice was hoarse, tight.
The litany of Wilkerson’s praise continued as he slid the plug further and further in, with Wilkerson telling him about each notable milestone-- “You’ve taken two inches, Sherlock!” - “Do you feel the base and the safety ring against your glans? You’ve got all three inches inside you right now. You should see the way your penis is stretched around it. You’re just wonderful at opening up everything for me, aren’t you?”
was close enough, just a few blocks away, that Sherlock and John ran. Feet pounded pavement, the only thought in his head as they dodged shoppers were two little words:
Sherlock’s cheeks burned, the shame of knowing full well John had witnessed all this set his heart beating faster. He went dizzy with it. Sherlock closed his eyes, willing his senses to return. They refused, and instead he longed for Jim’s hand--comfort or in cruelty, he could have begged for anything just then.
But tonight the faint strains of Sherlock’s violin seeped through the walls, a formless tune he couldn’t place. His hand shook as it held the water glass to his lips. He squeezed it tighter, willed his heart to slow, for the panic to subside.
“As well you should be. You have done a noble thing today. May you make every choice with love.” She leaned down, pulled him into a tight embrace. “Now, I’ll have these sent back to your hotel room before I change my mind. You carrying them out of here would be quite noticeable.”
been la Poveglia, but since then… hardly so much as glancing eye contact. This was a new John, who avoided Sherlock the more he healed. He spoke less, smiled less.
“I find that highly unlikely.”
Honey and the faint taste of apples exploded on Sherlock’s palette, and the fluttering wings of a dove pulsed in his throat, in his head.
Outside, John dropped into stiff parade rest until a taxi showed up. They climbed in just as Sherlock’s phone chirped again, and Sherlock gave the address to the driver.
Sherlock dropped his hands from his hair, paused his ranting and pacing long enough to take her in, well and truly. Then it came to him in a flash: he saw what he’d missed every time they butted heads.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and slipped his mobile free.
he inhaled in his sleep?
John cried the first time it happened.
“Do we know what House he or she was from?” Sherlock asked as he approached. “The marque--”
“Is this what you want?” John asks, curling his finger through one of the straps so that the toy dangles beside Sherlock’s face. “This little thing?”
“Tomorrow is tomorrow. What happened tonight?”
Sherlock could give him a reason.
Childish confidentiality slipped into Moriarty’s voice. “I really can’t stand that woman. It was a delight to pull her down a peg. Daddy is quite happy with you right now, Sherlock. Oh, Daddy will reward you just as soon as he can.”
“It’s nonsense!” one of the D’Angeline elders interjected. “Your friendship with Brother Watson is well-known. Can the British elders contest this?”
“Don’t,” he whispered. Scanning the tarmac. He watched the saloon intended for them, hoping his little plan had worked.
Victor withdrew and raked a hand through his brassy blond hair, softer and paler now without its usual pomade to style it. Whether or not he had noticed Sherlock’s moment of weakness, Sherlock couldn’t tell.
Sherlock stretched a hand out, hovering over John’s glass, which rested on his knee. “May I?”
-- “they can’t help but take a fine-toothed comb to it, can they?”
The staff member, a woman called Regina, took their coats, making a small noise of appreciation at the sangoire interior of Sherlock’s Belstaff. Regina pointed toward the stair.
“How--”
“I--” Sherlock falters.
After the case, both of them were far too wired to return to their hotel room, and found themselves directed to a 24-hour diner called The Waffle House. John eyed the squat little establishment dubiously, but Sherlock plowed ahead full speed, ducking into the restaurant and swinging left toward a free booth before John had gotten halfway across the parking lot.
Sometimes he forgot just how beautiful his friend could be. It caught him off balance every time, and John burned with guilt. He wasn’t supposed to look at his mates like that. Sherlock didn’t see him that way, certainly.
“Is that Lestrade?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on him, and when he allowed himself to break away from the screen, he nodded slowly. In the space of the next heartbeat, he took in Kate’s indrawn breath, Irene’s pained exhalation, and the way John stiffened, eyes wide at the revelation.
Amelia Chamberlain was the picture of her house canon: perfection. Sherlock could see it in the turn of her smile, the precision of the pin curls in her dark hair, the poise which dictated a straight spine even sitting on a sofa, the attractive angles her elbow and wrist made while she held her wine glass. She had retired from her long service in Camellia House after having met her now-husband, Dominique Chamberlain, the head of Banque Nationale in Paris. They were in the city on his business, but Amelia had made it a point to visit with Irene.
“I left you voicemails, you know.”
Fingers tightened in his hair. “Try again.” Jim’s voice hardened, and
, done rolling in the hay?”
Without any warning, Sherlock felt the pressure, the stinging stretch as Victor plunged a digit into him, wiggling and thrusting before Sherlock had any time to adjust. Sherlock cried out, ignoring the pain in his arms and wrists to attempt thrusting back against Victor’s hand.
“Shhhh! You’ll know in a moment! Keep quiet!” Sherlock whispered back.
“Sleep well.” Sherlock called.
“That may be so, but I have a question that you may either answer or take the wrong way.”
“It was taped to the outside of one of the carriages. They want us to find them.”
“Its in a undisclosed location. The less you know the better. You may have bared witness to my protruding evilness in an act of violence, but I will not have you be an accomplice to me by helping me be rid of the evidence.”
But those thoughts didn’t matter now. From the wail of the sirens outside he could hear the first wave coming closer to the hospital. God only knew what the extent of the damage really was. He had seen his fair share of gruesome mangled bodies during his service. Bullet riddled wounds, missing limbs from IED’s, and other horrors that merited no form of words to describe them. After being discharged he thought he would be leaving all of those memories behind, though now it seemed that it had arrived right at his doorstep like an old friend.
The Inspector gave a stern look over his shoulder.
"Oh, Sherlock. The mess you've made." The land lady fretted over to the kitchen now busying herself in the makeshift lab Sherlock had put together.
,” John thought “
“Here. What type do they need?” She asked.
“You’re not going to put me off you know. You’ve been fighting it since this afternoon. In fact here.” John handed him a mug that was sitting on the counter. “Put some in there and sit at the table with me.”
“The cabbie knew her too.” The Inspector added. “There’s no question it’s her.”
Then it came on again. The sudden little shake of tremor that John had tried to keep concealed under his mask. It always started to rear its' ugly head when he became stressed or nervous. He switched his cup from his left to his right hand, hoping Mike didn't notice.
“Eh, hi.” John fumbled out.
“Why?”
"Come on – who'd want me for a flatmate?"
“Yes, a team that won’t even work with me. Especially Anderson. I need an assistant. Someone with medical knowledge.”
"A…a doctor? I'm going to play the part of doctor?" he asked skeptically.
“And…how long have you been…”
“Such as?” the detective challenged.
“How long did it take for you to get used to being like you are? Blood craving and all of that?”
This woman is dead.” Reasoned Watson as he pulled the cover off the corpse’s head to reveal her face. “Half her head is missing! She’s not a threat to anyone!”
John sat at the table and waited for Sherlock; listening to him as he carefully poured the blood into his mug. Once he was finished he joined him at the table, vaguely looking like a lost solider waiting for his next instruction from his commanding officer. The doctor broke the tense atmosphere as he began to eat, looking towards Sherlock to do the same, and with some hesitancy the vampire did.
Their ride came to an end into a rundown neighborhood, pulling up to the curbside where the Yard were already waiting for them.
"Good. Get some rest now. You have a big day ahead of you"
Actually it was more than amazing, it was downright bloody phenomenal! The way he had explained every little detail was so precise and formulated. He didn't just simply guess out of thin air, ask someone else for information or better yet read minds, he really truly saw! He read people like an open book quite literally in a sense, scanning their life story and acquiring the information he needed for his job. The kind of skill level he had must've been damn near close to putting MI6 to shame. Good God if the Auror's had the kind of talent he did they would be catching dark witches and wizards by the minute! And he was right. He was no amateur and he proved it very well.
“Why though? You have questions?”
“O neg. I need about three pints.”
Sherlock’s face snapped to John’s and then down to his hand that had enwrapped itself in his. His bouncing leg instantly came to a cease.
“Oh please, I didn’t use you. You provided great insight and we set the Yard in the right direction. I would say this night has been most productive to the point that you will be extremely valuable next time.”
"Why?" John was miffed by this woman's attitude towards the detective. She clearly had a dislike for him that set her mind that he was simply one thing to her; a freak. A freak that thought outside of the box, a freak that could see where others couldn't, a freak that was using his talents to save lives and the Yards fucking jobs. And John hated every fucking bit of it! He wanted nothing more than to give her a piece of his mind and shove it so far up her ass!
"Sherlock, please." He insisted.
"Okay, bit of advice then: stay away from that guy."
"Her name's Jennifer Wilson according to her credit cards. We're running them now for contact details. Hasn't been here long. Some kids found her."
“I can not smell blood unless it has been spilt. Thank goodness the years of conditioning myself to this lifestyle has made me keep myself in check. If I hadn’t I would be a raving mad lunatic at the sight of a minor scrape.”
“Emelia Ricoletti. Yesterday was her wedding anniversary. The police, of course, were called, and her body taken to the morgue.” The Inspector took another drink from his glass with a slight tremor of his hand.
"Back of the right leg: tiny splash marks on the heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious: could only be an overnight bag, so we know she was staying one night. Now, where is it? What have you done with it?"
In need of flat mate. Expenses split. Same gender or opposite. Must have stable income and have flexible living arrangements. Address is 221B Baker St.
“First of all, this is
“Then how have I not been under its influence since then? Or have I been and just not realized it? I’m around you all the time.”
"I may have forgotten to mention that it's a bit of…"Harry's voice trailed off.
“I did. This is footage from the month prior to the incident and the weeks after. I’m looking for anything in particular that stands out.”
“How’s that?”
"So she's German?" Lestrade asked.
"What do people normally say?"
“I’m going to have a shower. I’ll be in there for a little while.”
"Me? Heaven's no I just own the property. The flat share is for Sherlock. He's just up on the next floor."
Chapter 10
“That may be so. But my next one may strike you as odd or strain your curiosity too much, but nevertheless it is my most important rule. You should, under no circumstance, enter my bedroom, for whatever reason. If you need me simply knock on my door and I will come out, but do
“You really want to know?” He quirked an eyebrow in an almost challenging way that only dared John to confirm his answer. When John nodded, Sherlock suddenly shut down his paper and tossed it onto the table haphazardly, clasping his fingers under his chin. The features that were once controlled turned menacing as quick as a stroke of lightening.
"Your deodorant told me that."
He entered the bathroom and just like Sherlock had said there was a deep white porcelain tub that looked every bit inviting. Perhaps he was right. A hot bath would do to let him soak out his stress. John closed the door and locked it. He wasn’t sure what defense it would have for him, but at the moment he chose not to dwell on it. He set his briefcase down by a lone chair by the tub that had the towels and, to his surprise, his own night clothes resting upon it. He shook his head and turned on the faucet of the tub, letting it fill of steaming hot water as he stripped down. And again Sherlock was right. The water was divine on his aching body as he sank down into the tub and little by little the feeling that was once heavy in his gut was soothing away. Although he made a careful choice to sit facing the door, just as a precautionary. He didn’t want to let his guard down at such a vulnerable time.
"That's a skull." He pointed with his cane.
"Hey Arthur I'm going to take this case. I really am. Something, I don't know, something is just not right about this guy. He's not normal. But I've gotten offer to move in with him as a flatmate and I'm going to take it. To keep a closer eye on him."
"Victim is in her early fifties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Travelled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase."
Though that was all about to change.
“If I’m the one to clean it I can bloody well call it my kitchen, young man. I’m your landlady…”
In some twisted point of view he could tell Sherlock was giving him his own space. He was trying to put forth a sense of normalcy, show him that this too was his home and he lived here now. To put on an air that everything was okay. But was any of it
It is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you. If one does not feel fear then how does one survive? The body’s natural reaction when it senses its impending doom is to cause the heart rate to accelerate, the blood pressure to rise, and respirations to increase. All of this is to prepare the body for fight or flight. It is all normal and nothing to be ashamed of.
“Want to see some more?”
"Of course, yeah – but what mistake?!" Lestrade called after him.
“What if she was being threatened?” John questioned. “If she did know her murderer and if she was being threatened, maybe she was coerced out? It may have tied in with her hallucinations and schizophrenia. She probably didn’t know what was real.”
“It’s the killer’s note. A calling card, if you will, to show us what they can do. They want it for the recognition, the applause. They want to be known. The thrill of the chase to them is that eventually they want to be caught.”
“Has your short time out of the army dulled your senses or did you not observe? He was planning to attack you! There was a knife in his coat pocket. And if I hadn’t been following behind, you would be the one dead, not him.”
The man picked up his dark blue greatcoat swiftly putting it on in one swing around him.
"Of the message?"
John knew soldiers that were once prisoners of war. He had heard of their nightmares when he treated them for malnutrition and the torture they endured. Things they dared not even speak of even though the evidence was written upon their bodies like a book to be freely read. Some would go on to recover while other’s had their spirits permanently broken to forever relive the horrors for the rest of their lives. He now wished to God he had never heard their stories now. Though he had consented to move in, he felt a large heaviness in his gut, a feeling of sudden helplessness.
"What does that even mean?"
What was he thinking?
“Don’t bother doctor. Your gun has been confiscated. No need for either of us to have a nasty accident.” The man’s word’s had made John halt in his actions.
“Hmm?”
Every time he would look up from his computer he could see his eyes dart over to the fridge. John had never seen him so…how could he put it…obsessed. With the other blood he was more controlled, docile even. It was strange how he could tell which blood appealed to Sherlock more than others. If it was blood he was not particularly fond of he could easily go through one bag in two days. Draining it so he could simply not have it in the fridge. It almost seemed like the the vampire equivalent of a child forcing themselves to eat a vegetable that they didn’t particularly like. However, if it was more to his liking he tended to drawl it out, make it try to last as long as he could so he could savor it. But this, this was new. It was as if the vampire was having an internal struggle of wanting to consume it all or to stretch it out. Then again Sherlock did just go through a small starving period. Perhaps he really was
“And if I do agree…blood is your only requirement for rent?”
The cab took them outside the city where it pulled up to a large institutional building. There waiting for them was several police cars and a crew of the Scotland Yard. A middle aged man came up to them as they exited out of the cab. The wind blew back his salt and pepper hair to reveal his stressed worry-lined features, but his face instantly found relief once his eyes set on Sherlock.
“When it’s been a long time I…I get the jitters in-between feedings. Can’t sit still.”
"Sorry – obvious?" It was John's turn to ask this time.
“It’s alright. I knew you were hungry.”
“What was she being treated for exactly?” John questioned the Inspector.
" I tried to get your attention but you didn't hear me. There is a gentleman coming to see the flat. 6pm."
“Small thing, only five foot.” said Lestrade.
normal?”
From what he could gather at glance this strange man in some sense was familiar yet different. A duplicate yet not exactly the real McCoy. He was the same height, same build, even favoring his right hand to carry his briefcase rather than his left which was clearly the more dominant. He even had the same name which he read off the dangling I.D. badge clipped to the outside of his bag: Dr. John Watson. Sure it was a fairly common name. No doubt to be reused several times throughout history. But what were the odds? Here Sherlock believed the only thing that never changed was he himself. How wrong he was! Either way Sherlock had decided that this man was to eventually be his guest. Whether he wanted to or not. Now, after much waiting, it had finally come to chance that tonight was this night after careful preparation.
“You sure? I wasn’t sure if this was ok.” John said with a slight awkwardness in his voice.
Mrs. Hudson's face lit up in recognition and her mouth formed an 'o'.
“No. Been quiet as a church mouse. Stayed in his room all day. And since he was out of the way I tidied up a bit. Though I found it odd he left a curtain open and had left a note in his chair to open the other one.”
“Go home John.”
Watson clicked his fingers and pointed towards Holmes, an epiphany suddenly striking his mind.
Mrs. Hudson pondered for a moment.
"That….was amazing." John breathed out.
“What kind of mess are you waiting for?” John asked not really sure if he wanted to know the answer. If it was the type of mess he was thinking of, who in London would be able to stop Sherlock in a hunger filled blood bath as he drained his victims throughout the city? But his thoughts paused. No, it wasn’t who would stop him but who would even try to help him?
Sherlock started up again not missing a beat.
Your Dearly Demented Author
John shook his head in disgust.
we'll be needing two." He persisted.
Sherlock’s face twisted in disgust at John. He knew the doctor had a morbid interest deep down in his physical aspects of being a vampire. Though there were times he wondered if he dwelled too much on the topic.
“You’ve seen him. Now you can go.” Sherlock’s tone was aggravated as he leered at Mycroft.
“Then I would let you drink your fill of me, till your cup runneth over. Let you consume me. Set me ablaze with passion so hot the fires of Hell would have none equal.”
waiting!" He began his descent again with new vigor."Look at her, really
"You helped her husband from being executed?" John said incredulously.
"Well, this could be very nice. Very nice indeed."
"I'm sorry, what?"
The man shut down John's phone and handed it back while Molly brought the mug over to him. Taking the hot beverage he couldn't help but do a double take at the awkward woman now standing there. This would be John's first time observing this strange man. What was it that this man saw that no one else did?
? Because you knew I would say yes to your arrangement? Decided all of this
“Your mind palace must be Buckingham.” John admitted.
"The man you are going to meet."
When Holmes arrived at the morgue he expected to see the dead woman and her husband. However, he wasn’t expecting to see their supposed undead suspect chained to the very slab she laid upon. This was becoming preposterous. Had everyone in their right mind, or lack there of, gone mad?
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand. Your therapist thinks its stress. Fire her. She has it the wrong way around. You are under stress right now and your hand is perfectly still. You’re not haunted by the war. You miss it. It’s the A&E that gives you the coverage you need. Its the thrill.”
The man ignored John's question and looked up as a young dark haired woman wearing a lab coat came into the room with the aroma of coffee coming from the mug in her hands. For a moment it seemed the spell was oddly broken.
“Usually once a week or a week and a half. A fortnight is the absolute longest I can go without.”
John all but ran up the stairs, taking two in stride if he could. What he had just witnessed was beyond anything his dreams could muster up. The gore, the brutality, the fact it had even happened was throwing him for a loop. He had long since accepted that Sherlock meant him no harm his mind even dismissing the possibility that he would. Sometimes even forgetting he was a vampire at all. He just didn’t express it often. Sure he moved with uncanny swiftness now and again, never touched a bite of real food, or seemed to never go to bed, but John had over looked it. Been naive in his ways of thinking. Let his guard slip.
“Mass casualty code. Something’s happened. We’re going to have incoming.”
“Yet he has been living here for a week for some reason? A considerable detail on both mine and Dr. Watson’s part. What other reason would he be here?”
"And Harry's not any relation to me." With John's deceleration Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks, leaving John to continue onwards.
But for once John was going to have to outsmart him. This time would be just a trial run. For emergency means he reasoned with himself. He wasn’t going to sit through another evening in the flat while the vampire looked at him like he was starting to become a menu option. No need of risking anyone possibly getting killed simply because Sherlock was hungry. It was a win win situation if you looked at it right. Sherlock got fed, he didn’t have to kill. John brought home blood, he didn’t get bit. Simple as pie.
“That’s not why I’m here.”
John's jaw clenched at the snide remark.
The sun beat down on John’s face, the heat warming him from being cooped up inside the chilled hospital for most of his shift. He was thankful now that cooler temperatures had rolled into summer where he could take lunches outside and get some fresh air. In some ways the rush of the A&E and the blistering August weather gave him the nostalgic feeling of being in Kandahar again. The hospital’s cafeteria had an outside patio that was more than welcoming to any that needed a moments peace. And now that he had been acquainted with Molly they had made it their daily ritual to have lunch together to vent, chat, or gossip amongst themselves.
With that the detective got up in a burst from the table and stepped outside the cafe. John’s eyes followed him and he observed their interaction from the other side of the window. Sherlock  casually strolled up to the scrawny, frankly malnourished, dingy clothed man and offered him a cigarette. And like a slight of hand magician’s trick, the man slipped a piece of paper inside the cigarette box as he took two cigarette’s in exchange. It was all sly and underhanded in front of street way CCTV cameras. But the performance was executed with such quick precision that no one would have been none the wiser that valuable information was being traded right under their noses.
He felt no remorse or regret in what he had done. It was as he had told John in truth, if anything had happened…no. He didn’t want to give the thought life. He had been too late once before and he vowed to never be again.
As Lestrade followed Sherlock’s lead, their suspect took them by surprise, bursting out of the closet. Fully intended to not go down without a fight. He lunged at Sherlock first taking a swing at him, but the detective and his cat like reflexes had the upper hand. The man’s aim had been at his face though his fist met nothing but the top of Sherlock’s hat, knocking it off as he ducked down for him to miss. This gave Sherlock an upper hand as he easily took down the man and wrestled him over so Lestrade could hand cuff him.
"There is a security camera on the building to your left. Do you see it?" A hard suave voice on the voice spoke on the line. For the second time that night John's heart beat fast in his chest, paralyzing him to the spot and even a chill running down his spine.
“Superb!” Holmes stood abruptly. “Suicide as street theatre; murder by corpse. Lestrade, you’re spoiling us. Watson, your hat and coat.” He was in no mood to waste any time as he went to retrieve his own coat by the door. Here he had just ended the case of the misfortunate squire. Ah, but that was only the appetizer. This new mystery was the main course.
"This one did. Will you come?" Sherlock hesitated for a split second before asking about who was on duty for forensics.
They came to a room labeled the Stranger’s Room. The vampire instantly dropped John’s embraced arm and opened the door to an all empty room save for a few chairs and an obvious individual. Finally all the foreboding thoughts escaped the doctor’s mind once he saw who exactly they were meeting with.
All the man could do was look closely at him, scrutinizing, almost as if he was reading him for a moment before he began his speech.
“Stranger things have happened.”
Slinking through the hoard, John and Harry went through the maze till they got back to the back of the room. There sat behind a desk an older gentleman with dark robes and a lopsided pointed hat with bits of copper and white hair peeping out underneath.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed in confusion. That wasn’t what he had meant at all. But…friend? He considered him a friend? It had been so long since he had heard that term of endearment that he had forgotten what it felt like to be called a friend. The solemn word gave an ache to his chest, if only he could truly feel that. Feeling how it made the heart quicken, heat to rise in the body, and the dusting of warmth across his cheeks. Oddly in this circumstance he was glad he was dead so not to easily show his true emotion.
John swallowed.
“So, come to astonish us with your magic tricks, I suppose.” Hooper sneered at Holmes.
John ran his hands roughly down his face at the dawning of this new living situation. Not only had he prepared to have him stay, he bloody well planned it all out and brilliantly at that. The mere audacity! The fact he had made such a decision before discussing it with him first! He peered back at the vampire who, in all of this, was as calm as a dormant tide while the heat of the desert was beginning to boil under John’s skin.
The French switch rolled off Sherlock’s tongue in such a fluid manner that was honeyed in nature. John knew the detective was well versed in the language and had heard it in small snippets from time to time. But only in times of excitement on a case when all the clues were coming together. This time however, they seemed like more careful chosen words, as if he was speaking to a lover.
“Perhaps, but definitely occult related. She may have certain looks or features they found appealing and targeted her. Look through the janitorial and maintenance staff, ones that were hired from an outside agency. The cameras weren’t faulty by the storm they were taken offline just long enough for them to drug the girl and carry her out unnoticed in the cleaning cart. By that time she had already been hauled off in a vehicle waiting by the back door. Also they would have master keys to every room in that building. They could’ve easily swiped the missing surgical instrument.”
Sherlock arose from his chair and slid off his robe, opting for his suit jacket that was draped over his desk chair.
"Why are you saying that?"
"Oh no," He smiled "I ensured it."
"Oh Harry! What are you doing in my neck of the woods?" Arthur's face brightened up on seeing his son-in-law.
He watched a stout sandy blonde man, no more than mid thirties, limp across the road with a cane by his side. He noticed how the man briefly looked at his phone before he put it back in his pocket along with several papers; then proceeded to knock on the door of 221B. It was his guest. One that had piqued his interest.
Sherlock threw open the curtain and stepped away quickly. There, at least the sunlight would be shining across the flat to the open staircase. Any idea of going downstairs would be immediately halted by the thought that he would be stricken with severe sunburns. And with no blood to ward away unwanted wounds, all temptation would be thwarted. So long as Mrs. Hudson stayed in her respective lodgings below he would be able to contain some semblance of self control. At least until John returned home later that evening. Sherlock had made his home his personal cage once before, he could do it again.
"That ... was amazing."
And indeed it was.
“See? Proves all more of my point Lestrade.”
that question.”
“No. I will admit I have had some blood taste better than others. The blood that is used by medical professionals to treat patients lacks certain things but it is enough to satisfy me. And for that we are all grateful.” Sherlock’s eyebrow quirked as if agreeing internally with himself.
"My deodorant?"
“John, lovely of you to stop by.”
John reached out a hand and shook hers briefly.
“I…no. I didn’t mean to sound so…You’re fine the way you are dressed. Come on.”
Three months have gone by without incident until a new case explodes into mayhem. Leaving John empty handed for blood for Sherlock.
“It doesn’t matter anymore. The upmost priority at this time is that you are safe.”
John’s eyes darted to and fro. Now he truly was defenseless. With no way out, no home to return to, no weapon and a vampire lurking downstairs, what was he to do? His eyes drifted over to the end table by his bed and noticed a small note. Picking it up, on it was fine scrawled out cursive that had to have been made by delicate hand. The strokes of the handwriting looked so out of date he knew it could only have to belonged to Sherlock.
“Alright then,” John stood up, cane by his side. “I’ll go.”
was right?! Right about what?" John asked incredulously.
"Well, bit different from our day." John looked around the laboratory room in interest, his cane clicked loudly with each step.
"They won't work with me."
"Quite alright."
"It's obvious, isn't it?" Sherlock stated.
John’s heart roared to life than as he struggled to compose himself. Not through fear as one would normally do in a situation like this, but readying himself to put up a fight.
Before John could report his findings Sherlock and Lestrade were already making their way out. John had to make a quick pace to catch up as they went to the ground floor and proceeded out the back of the building. Sherlock made stop to look around, his ever vigilant eye inspecting the area.
“Lestrade sent for you? Again?”
“Why don’t you and the doc go on home. We got the guy and that’s all that matters for the moment. I don’t doubt I’ll be pulling you into the Yard for a chat with the Chief soon.” Lestrade urged Sherlock.
Pulling back the covers he buried himself down into the sheets. A strange thought then came to him. He had about six hours till sunrise. That legend had to be true. If that was the case Sherlock would have no choice but find a dark place and stay till it was night once more. He wouldn’t have to deal with him in the morning. He would be free to go and do as he pleased.
Holmes was at a loss. Stumped. Usually he did not like leaving a difficult case unsolved, but there were a few times the occasion had happened. In times such as those he would sulk it out until he dusted off the air of failure and moved on to the next case that came his way. But this…something about this was burning into his mind that it
"Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides, and now a note! Oh, it's Christmas! Mrs. Hudson, I'll be late. Might need some food."
"Suppose so. Just be careful into what you are getting into."
“This is my colleague Dr. Watson.”
“I thought he was looking quite a fright lately. I didn’t want to say anything to him. You know how peculiar he is.”
Muggles apparently learn everything from the "web" as it tends to house most of their news source. It still needs more research into it. But you will be using this. We have a laptop set up here where we can see any documentation you type out though try to be discreet. They say muggles can hack into these things. So you may want to pretend you are writing a book or something of the sort." He handed the device over to him.
"I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at a hospital, so Army doctor – obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan; Afghanistan or Iraq."
"You know I always enjoyed a good story. Especially full of mystery. Tell me of all your adventures."
“What the bloody hell?!” Sally screeched out.
John was rather shocked. It had been a long time since he had been assumed as gay, even though it had been since his school years since his last male relationship.
"I have John Watson here. He is taking a break from the Auror's for awhile. Needs a change."
John swerved his head back into the room. This he had to see for himself. There could’ve been no way that there were scratches. The room itself was on the second floor and there was no direct contact to the window. No trees were near to have someone climb in nor a good foundation below to place a ladder due to large loose rocks that hugged the building’s base. As John looked closer at the glass, squinting his eyes into a strain. The sound of the air unit below him kicked in causing him to jump slightly and heart to race at the sudden noise. How the detective could see scratch marks in the dead of night was beyond him. He would have take Sherlock’s word for it.
“Are you alright?”
He looked towards his new companion in sudden revere.
“You're an army doctor.” Sherlock stated more than he had actually asked.
There was no force or beckoning call to pull John back into the flat. Sherlock had left it up to him to choose to come back in. Neither had he physically manipulated him. He was giving him an ultimatum. Either John could come in and take advantage of his now new room or he could freely make a run for it even if he had nowhere to go. With a sigh, John chose the latter of the two options and went back in.
John let out a laugh.
the taste. John, it wont matter to me whether I'm hungry or not. If I smell and taste blood that is appealing to me I
Taking advantage of the absent vampire he put the blood in the fridge and went down the hallway to the shut door of Sherlock’s room, knocking hopefully to rouse him.
“What do you mean?”
The passing street lights gleamed over the back of the phone long enough to see what the muggle was hinting at.
Silence once more.
“Yes.”
"Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home. Don't wait up!" Sherlock dashed about grabbing a small pouch from the kitchen table and before they knew it disappeared down the stairs.
“You don’t understand,” Sherlock shook his head and turned to face John. “I haven’t had real blood like this in a very long time. I gave up getting it straight from the source around the beginnings of World War 1 when blood was first manipulated to work as transfusions for the war. It meant I didn’t have to kill anymore. Meant…I could become less of the creature I was created to be. But the chemicals and the process over time had changed the way it tasted for me. Though it has gotten better than before with technological advancement over the years. Previously, it would sometimes make me ill. This though, this is better than anything I’ve ever had.”
"Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you know?"
“How so?”
"It's Anderson." The Inspector seemed to regret his answer as Sherlock gave him a grimacing look.
The cab pulled to the kerb in front of a large ornate white building with a bold brass plaque that read Diogenes. Its Grecian columns and elaborate scroll work along the edges of the rooftops all suggested that this was more on the high society type of strip club. Maybe it was a fancy escort service instead. John had long since concluded that the detective had money of some sort as he rarely let him pay for his own meals or help with a bill. However, now he was starting to contemplate how much Sherlock truly had if he was going to be affording these kinds of services. He supposed that whatever the vampire wanted, he was going great lengths to get it.
“Your adrenaline is wearing down.” stated Sherlock as he switched out his slides. “Hmm, barely ten minutes since arriving home. You sure you don’t need more than the trauma unit to keep you up?”
“I will increase security. As precaution. Good day.”
John made a once over at the prospective flat that they were going to see. It was a tall three story building with a convenient café shop on the street level. He did have to admit it wasn't a bad place and it seemed to be in a respectable neighborhood.
Now John was really confused and curious as well.
In quick strides Sherlock drew near him in an instant, like a moth to a seductive flame. What was it about this man that called forth long forgotten memories as if they were just spoken yesterday? Sherlock watched the doctor as he walked down the pavement seemingly unaware that danger lurked right behind him. Sherlock often used this small talent to make easy observations and deductions while going unseen by others. Simply a shadow in the wake of the living.
Sherlock’s head nodded to the stairway to the floor above.
"Now look: whatever you're trying to imply ..."
“Possibly. If that is the case it is most likely they will strike again.”
” He stressed the two words with emphasis. “As I have been trying to explain that to my overly annoying relation.”
“The…Diogenes club?”
John's thoughts were cut short by the deep voice of the detective by the doorway, making him almost jump in his chair.
“I’m fine.” Sherlock said much too quickly, not even bothering to look at John to answer.
"Three months. Been trying to find a suitable place to live. Balancing a budget on a army pension is a nightmare."
John's eyes drifted up the building closest to him and there perched on the corner was a security camera gazing down upon the wizard.
“But why bring her back here and butcher her?”
The elevator came to a clang and the doors retracted apart. Stepping off into a overcrowded basement of people, desks, chairs, papers flying from one to another it looked to be a complete mad house. John's eyebrows rose at the onslaught of noise of catastrophe. Harry looked to him apologetically.
John looked over his shoulder to the attention he was now receiving from him.
"What do you think, then, Doctor Watson? There's another bedroom upstairs if you'll be
"I'll try the job Mr. Weasley. Just this one case with the detective and I'll see how it goes."
“Then how did you do it?”
“And she’s ok with it?”
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief as he noted John’s retreating footsteps from the door. His hand loosened on the death grip he had on the handle just in case John had forgotten and burst in. He was almost entirely certain that he would have given the conversation he had overheard with Mrs. Hudson and the quick climb of the stairs John had made. He had been silently begging, praying that the good doctor wouldn’t tempt fate.
“Ah so that’s why he wasn’t there at the end of my shift. He left England.” John’s question finally was answered.
Sherlock unglued his gaze from the paper, his full focus now on his flatmate.
"Well don't worry about finding accommodations here for your work. You are in luck."
“Ah, thank you. Mrs Hudson this is Dr. John Watson. Doctor, Mrs. Hudson.” He introduced them both as he set about unfolding his newspaper to his desired page.
"He's an old friend of mine, John Watson." Mike found this opportunity to introduce John and in return John caught Mike's glare at him. He could tell that Mike thought he was out of his mind for letting a muggle use a magical modified device, let alone a detective that was under suspicion of near breaking their secret. Though he couldn't help it. He liked to live a little dangerously.
His dark eyes flicked to the fridge and in a swift movement opened it. There nestled on the bottom shelf was two bags. He quickly grabbed one up and was surprised to find that it was barely cold.
"Coming." She started walking back to the run down building before turning back to John. "Stay away from Sherlock Holmes."
“Good.” He smirked. “Tea?”
“This is clearly his work. Where is he?” Asked Holmes.
John sat outside the Auror Office with the weight of the world on his shoulders. His gaze was far off as he held his cane beside him. The past few months had taken a toll on him and his latest mission had come with a price. He had been on the field on an international excursion, stricken by a curse that all but ruined his health. Returning to London he currently faced the decision of his future and what it meant to his career.
“Hooper.”
“Sherlock what are you not telling me?” John pressed.
“Not the housekeeper.” John smiled as he mumbled her little saying under his breath and continued with his breakfast. “How long has she lived here?” He asked Sherlock.
"Are you at Bart's, then?" John changed the subject hoping to shoo away the elephant in the room and get back on a more neutral topic.
“Please tell me which idiot did this!” Holmes’s voiced sounded off as he observed the body.
"That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?" He replied smugly, returning to the door opening it, but leaning back to give him one last look.
Not at all, my dear.” Watson tucked a finger under his wife’s chin. “We’ll be hungry later. Holmes, just one thing?” He faced his companion and looked briefly down at his clothes. “Tweeds, in a morgue?”
detective.
“If you mean that he closed out my flat two weeks before snatching me off the street because this flat was better I guess I could say…both."
“The bride’s face. How was it described?”
As he had explained to John, he was old. Memories that could have once been summoned at a  mere thought were becoming harder to do so. Especially if one was trying to remember the events that led to their ultimate demise. If he was going to have to find them he was going to have to travel.
The sofa could be compromised at times but not between the hours of noon and three in the afternoon. Apparently the sun hit it just right for a perfect afternoon catnap. Any doorway, furniture, or item of interest to Sherlock was laid claim when he rubbed it with the side of his head, stroke of his hand or brush of his tail. If John accidentally made the mistake of touching the wrong thing he was earned a scowl and the process had to start all over again. He felt like he was stepping on invisible toes when he didn’t know there was any there. It was constantly an awkward dance as he tried to stay on his side and the detective on his. Though luckily John had been spared his feline scenting treatments.
“There are chemical properties in my breath that, when in close proximity to me, releases a soporific stupor.” Sherlock began. “One that I have researched myself and the only thing I can compare it too is the drug scopolamine. Commonly known as ‘The Devil’s Breath’. Within mere minutes the victim is under its effect with their free will eliminated and memory wiped clean of any incident. It is odorless and tasteless. You fell under my spell quite easily, John. I told you to sleep and you did. After that I brought you here. But its effects wear off soon and usually people only have a mild headache in the end. It’s the closet thing to mind control, as you put it, though I would say its more like an art of persuasion.”
“If you insist. I have been called by Lestrade to a crime scene. You being a medical man I could use your assistance.”
"Yes ... because you need me."
"Problem?"
“32.”
John’s thoughts felt pleased it had come to the conclusion he had wondered all along.
"Considering the fact I haven't been able to sleep in three months its been great." His tone had a tinge of sarcasm along with it.
The doctor was sitting across from her at their table, relaxed, head tilted back to catch the rays. One eye cracked open to watch her feeble attempts. Poor girl was trying as hard as she could. She had even sat on the more shadier side too. Taking pity on her he dug into his lunchbox and found a chilled water bottle.
"Who was the first?"
“Emelia was not a twin, nor did she have any sisters. She had one older brother who died four years ago.” Lestrade informed them.
"I've had that feeling all day."
“Convince? Convince him of what?!”
“We can stop by the flat if you need to.”
"Not at all."
"So which case will I start with first?"
“Well, I don’t think it will kill me anytime soon. I have already checked that box off of my list of things to do in life. Even if I was alive my lungs would be as black as coal by now.”
Sherlock's ears relaxed, no longer in their attentive state.
“Yes. Everything is back to normal. Now what do you have for us?” Sherlock said as he sat in a vacant chair, cutting straight to the chase. John seated himself beside the detective.
John’s features softened, but there was still a storm of confusion that swirled around him.
A smile lit up on Sherlock’s face and he all but jumped out of his chair to go get his long dark coat.
The sounds of heavy artillery and the shouts of his men from his nightmares is what usually threw John back into the land of the living. He was no stranger to the curse of stressed induced dreams that wanted him to relive his every moment from the war like some personal circle of Hell. Every night he felt like it was a game of roulette of whether he would sleep peacefully or enter the battle once again. Though the night terrors is not what had awoken John this morning.
weeks ago? How the hell did you know this?!”
“Why do you say that? Because I am not what I am supposed to be? As much as I would love for it to be that vast I’m afraid not.” He gave the cab driver a quick glance and lowered his voice so to keep the conversation more private.
Sherlock smiled to himself at John's reaction, knowing full well it had confirmed his theory.
“I’m fine by the way.” John attempted to break the ice between them.
John sat on the bed in the tiny, bare, plain walled flat. The more he looked at the walls the more it seemed like a padded prison. Even the noise on the street was beginning to bite at his nerves to the point he couldn't tolerate it. It was too much. Was this what his life came boiling down to? Shaking his head trying to rid himself of depressing thoughts, he flipped open the file folder again that Arthur had given him.
“Custodial staff cleans rooms on a regular basis I presume?” Sherlock whisked around heading for the door and stopped to inspect it, turning the handle from the inside and out. His brows scrunched together as he gave a sideways glance to John. John immediately picked up on the look the detective gave.
“Immensely. His imagination of death never seems to cease.”
Sherlock took another draw from the cigarette.
“Who the bloody hell are you and what do you want?! Where am I?!” John said through gritted teeth. He eyed his briefcase on the coffee table beside him and made a move to reach for it.
! But how could he tell him? How could he say he actually enjoyed it? Even when John had no recollection of it. If he only knew how it made him feel that night. Like kissing a long lost lover with lips so soft…
John looked down at his watch.
Sherlock nodded.
“I noticed it after your shift tonight,” Sherlock admitted. “The adrenaline high of the A&E was wearing off and when you left it started acting up again. Along with a suppressed psychosomatic limp. You often flex your hand either out of habit or there is underlying nerve damage at your shoulder. You are trying to regain feeling. Certain medications could help with sensation and reduce pain flare ups yet you forego to use them. Perhaps due to their side effects which would cause you to fall out of practice in your line of work. The limp is a simple fix. Working in a trauma unit you are constantly on your feet and can work it out by consistency. So the A&E has been both your cover up and your medication in a sense.”
"Well, of
John’s eyes widened in realization and flicked up to the man’s face who in return was observing him in interest, watching his every move. John took his stethoscope out of his ears and draped the device around his neck. Determined he wasn’t completely losing his mind this night, he grasped the man’s right wrist. It had an unnatural coldness to it that he noted mentally and pressed two fingers into the inner portion; glancing down at his own watch. It wasn’t the absence of the radial pulse that made John loose his grip, but in fact it was the time he read.
Charlotte was beyond hurt but to try and lighten the mood John decided to step in. "He probably is just a but shy. I wouldn't worry about it too much love. Why don't we go and sit? I'll make some tea and you can tell us what you've been up to this past year?"
"You bring something?"
John nodded solemnly "You're right, about three years ago my Omega, Mary, died in a car crash. It's just me and the kids now."
"Mum, what are you doing?" John said, his voice rough from sleep.
John and Sherlock pulled apart fast. "Molly." John said trying to straighten himself out.
Sherlock looked at John expectantly secretly willing the Alpha to beg him to stay. "Well...." he cleared his throat. "I guess this is good night." He then held out his hand.
"Eleven weeks and three days." Sherlock says quietly.
John bowed his head down in misery. "Never mind it's stupid anyways."
John ignored the biting comment. More recently he was starting to realise just how out of his depth he was. Sherlock was trying to be supportive as possible but because the man grew up in this world he didn't understand why John was so uncomfortable.
There was one time in particular a pretty young girls came up to me and started telling me what a big fan of my work she was and how I inspired her. You were in the toilets so I'm guessing she saw it as an oppritunity to flirt with me. I was trying to show her the ring on my left hand hoping she would take the hint then out of no where you showed up.
Siger nodded his head "I understand. I want to help and try my best in any way you need me son."
John nodded in understanding "Alright. Let's get this over with."
After that Greg left leaving John and Sherlock to look at each other and alone with their thoughts.
Caleb relaxed in the presence of the Omega and conjuring up the little confidence he had approached Sherlock with the daisy in his hand. “I picked this for you.” He said in almost a whisper.
John swallows the bit of food in his mouth "Next week."
Sherlock was beginning to feel a little fearful but composed himself as much as possible. "You must be Johns father, Bruce." He held out his hand. "It's nice to meet you."
"Your highness is it true you went to rehab for a drug addiction?"
Charlotte had made new friends at the London Ballet Company and the girls there were completely stunned at the fact that Charlotte went to school, the ballet company, and still had time to be a mom. Charlotte soaked up the attention and would talk about how hard it was to be a teenage mom.
Sherlock growled and pulled the guards off of him. "He poses no threat! We are in a committed relationship! This is all so fucking ridiculous!"
"The deal was that you'd learn some humility and understand the importance of being a good leader and blending well with your fellow man."
Every day his thoughts went back to Sherlock. He was wondering what he was doing, how he would be coping with the loss of their baby, if he was happier without John. Every once in a while he'd get the courage to try to call him but every time it went to voicemail until eventually the number was disconnected due to Sherlock changing it. That made the pain start all over again, knowing he changed it would so John wouldn't be able to contact him.
John deepened the kiss and rolled Sherlock on to his back. Sherlock then pulled back a little bit. "John I would absolutely love you to ravish me right now but I'm completely exhausted and I'm pretty sure I'll fall asleep on you if we start something. Could we pick this up again tomorrow?"
Can we do that please?
John braced himself to the next one on the list. "And this is my sister Harriet but we just call her Harry."
Oliver shook his head "No we won't!" He then banged the side to alert the drivers "We need to stop! This ambulance will be too shaky to deliver this baby!" He yelled at the drivers.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes, thank you."
Sherlock sighed "Very well. No use having you fidget the entire ceremony. Go ahead and change. Uncle Mycroft has your clothes."
"Introducing our future Prince Regent John Watson"
"They have no idea what's ahead of them!" Violet said in a frustrated tone.
Sherlock usually would insult such a stupid response but for both their sakes he lets it go. "Thank you. It's yours."
John shook his head "No thanks. I'll be fine. Besides my Dad is meeting me at the tube to make sure I get home safe."
"You weren't kidding when you said the football team makes a mess in there. What on earth is their thought process in there?"
When John walked into the flat neither of them regarded each other. John simply walked over to Tristan who was currently playing with blocks on the floor.
"What did you say to my sister?” Darius said getting angry.
They spent the rest of the night watching the sunset.
John thought about what he would have done if Sherlock would have done the same thing Greg did, it made sense now why he was dedicated to keeping the baby.
No one really knew much more then that. No history or family to speak up.
I don't need a lifetime commitment in fear that you'll run away from it. I don't want to pressure you but I'm never wrong about something and you and I are a perfect pair.
"Wow, quite a life you've made for yourself." Sherlock said with smile.
John sat up in confusion and worry "Greg? What's the matter?"
Caleb smiled wide “My name’s Caleb and I’m four years old!” he said excitedly.
--------------------------------------------------
Sherlock stepped from behind Greg and examined the room. He set his microscope on the small rickety desk then nodded his approval "Yes, I think this will do quite nicely. Just set the luggage anywhere and Lestrade organise the room however you see fitting." He then went to lay on the mattress on the right side of the room in his thinking pose.
John smiled "Yes, Da."
Charlotte closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. "The chances of me getting into the ballet company are pretty high and we both know that will mean me traveling for the better part of a year."
______________________________________
"You have children?"
The silence was thick and was broken by a door shutting and footsteps rubbing up the stairs.
"I got you!" He said as he caught the baby again. He started to attack the infants face with kisses sending Tristan into a bigger fit of giggles.
Sherlock was currently staring at the ceiling and when the door opened he rolled over and immediately turned his back on John.
It took awhile before they got to the bedroom and once they did John collapsed on the bed. "You're too gud forth me Sherblock." He hiccuped.
"Sh...." John said trying to calm Mike down. "Don't need to let the whole bloody planet know. But yes, it happened the night of the dare."
"Hope you have a good rest of your day Your Highness."
John turned his head to look at Sherlock. With the glow of the city below Sherlock looked absolutely breath taking and John couldn't resist leaning over and kissing those lips.
"You know the reason why. I can't back out of my position and you could get in serious trouble for dating a prince when you are head of our security. In any case this is not why I called you."
Sherlock could hear the annoyance in his voice but decided to ignore it. "Tristan is sleeping and probably will be for awhile."
Never the less Greg was working up his courage to dial the number. He finally took a deep break and hit the call button. The phone rang three times and before Greg hung up there was a voice.
"It was nice knowing all of you." Sabian said.
Sherlock looked at John "Could I give you a ride?"
Sherlock wept harder and shook his head "I don't want to. Please don't make me. I'm not ready."
"Well with everything that was going on with you and John--"
January 16, 2015
Sherlock turned around and headed for the dresser "Bite mon cul!"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes just a bit "I'm Sherlock."
Sherlock
Sherlock rolled his eyes he was going to have to talk to the woman who was his children's nanny. "I'm sure she didn't say use your brother as an easel." He then walked over to his four year old and bent down as much as he could with Archimedes on his hip and took off the little boys shirt. "Go play in the bath tub."
He clenched his fists in rage. Ever since Harry found out he was no longer a virgin she was convinced he slept his way around London. "That's none of your business."
Milky smiles but does her best to hide her teeth that recently received braces "How was your training."
The doctor gathered his things and made his way out of the room. When he finally left Sherlock stepped a little closer to his family. "What did he mean."
Siger spoke up "Nothing John. It's just very rare to see someone from your background come to be very accomplished, especially when you are an Omega."
____________________________________________
Sherlock rolled his eyes "I'm the only one who is allowed to be dramatic here I will not let you take that away from me. You just need to listen."
Sherlock had come to depend on David like he would a son and with David's current decision he knew Sherlock would most likely hate him but it was for the good of everyone. Maybe they still had a chance of he did this.
In the distance Siger and John could hear Violet and Sherlock yelling at each other in French before the door to the study flew open with Sherlock looking like an angry bull.
"She should go." David said speaking up.
"So pub tonight?" Andrew said. "I think you need a little celebration since it seems your so called husband forgot."
The room he was lead to was the same one he had had his fitting in for the royal announcement. It felt like a lifetime ago being happy and now this room felt cold and hollow. Sherlock undressed him and got him into some sleepwear. John was practically a zombie going through the motions and Sherlock didn't blame him. He could only deduce what Bruce had done and knowing that John's Father was such a big part of his life, it was understandable that John had mentally and physically checked out.
The sex was phenomenal. The two curling orgasms that rang through John's system made him shake. Sherlock was an incredible lover and he loved to torture John with a slow build up then would switch to a raging animal pounding into John so hard and fast he would forget his name.
Sherlock came up to meet John's face and kissed his lips "That sounds heavenly."
I just want to say thank you for all that you are. I would be nothing without you.
During the speech however a wave of nausea struck him. He had to close his eyes and focusing on breathing for fear of vomiting. It left as soon as it came on but a pressing feeling continued in his pelvis. He tried shifting his position but didn't want to come off as anxious. He tried ignoring it for the rest of the ceremony.
Sherlock nodded and then a thought struck him "You're a military man, seen lots of death and chaos."
Sherlock bows his head. "I can see that you are busy so I'm going to leave. Good day John." He pushes pass the set of boys and practically runs down the hall.
Before they get any further there's a knock on the door. They both groan and John starts to get up.
"But what if you meet the right one? The right Alpha comes along and you expect them to what? Wait for you while you do whatever it is you do?"
John laughs "I wish I could but I have class."
John stood in front of his family and did a final once over “You all look wonderful. I know he’s going to love you all.” John clapped his hands together and stood at attention while his children followed suit. “Now show me what you’re going to do when they walk up.”
John looked at the offered hand for a second and cursed under his breath. "Fuck it." He said and grabbed Sherlocks face and kissed him.
Goddamit it's not fair!
Sherlock raised his eyebrows at the shift in moods. "Did I say something wrong?"
Smiths face became stony as he looked at John "Is there a problem Watson? Because if there is I'm sure there is another hopeful who would gladly take your spot."
____________________________________________________________________
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John this is my fat nosy brother Mycroft and his omega bond mate Greg Lestrade."
Persephone rocked Archimedes side to side so he would continue to sleep. "Are you ready for this Mum?" She asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Please Mother, I'm 20 years old. Do I really need to ask your permission to bring a date to dinner?"
Violet and Siger stood up and headed for the door kissing and hugging their grandchildren goodbye.
"You okay?" Molly said shly across the table.
"Are you sure about this David?" Mycroft said holding the paper in his hand.
I feel like this past year has gone by in this amazing out of control blur. It's wonderful!
Sherlock was genuinely confused "Were we going somewhere?"
John sat down across from him and nodded "Yes, absolutely extraordinary."
"Goodbye John."
John nodded "Is there anything I can do? I'd like to help."
With that John finally felt himself relax and couldn't help but laugh. "Yeah, it hasn't been easy."
John stood up and offered his hand "Teach me?"
John could see the hint of panic in Sherlock's eyes but Mycroft spoke to Greg. "You knew about this?"
He went out on the landing and saw Charlotte being held up by two girls he recognised for the ballet company. "What the fuck Charlotte!" He yelled.
John got suddenly angry "You just spring this news on me and I supposed to be okay with it? I'm sorry but I'm in university and a baby was the last thing I thought would ever happen so I'm sorry I freaked out!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes "You're attracted to me."
Both the boys pulled away and turned towards the voice.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John again. "I'm glad you agree to the terms because now I can give you your present." He grabbed the picnic basket and pulled out a white box with a green ribbon on it. "I called your mother and had her do me a favour. If they are not up to your standard I won't be offended and I packed some sandwiches just in case."
John gave a questioning look "Studying to be a mortician?"
Looking around John felt terribly under dressed. The women were in cocktail dresses white the men wore suits. You could tell it was a less casual affair by the lack of ties on the men and no one was really overdressed but still, showing up in jeans and trainers seemed like the worst idea.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand "You could transfer here! There's culture, history, schools, everything you could possibly want. What can Scotland give you that London can not?"
John went into the bathroom and closed the door. He began to strip down and change into the clothing Sherlock handed him. "Are we meeting your parents at a restaurant?" He said through the door.
Sherlock and John shared a glance then their son gave a sharp cry. Sherlock started laughing again "I know, I know. It's okay. I've got you." He cooed. He gently took a small towel that the paramedics provided and gently rubbed the baby. "You're so wonderful."
"How can we be happy when you two are just kids yourselves?" Zachary pleaded.
Greg patted his shoulder. "It doesn't work like that Sherlock. It's time to grow up. You're married and have a kid on the way. You're a genius and I know deep down you realise that what you did is wrong. This is not about the pregnancy or the marriage. This is about going behind everyone's back. That's not something families do."
You walk me back to Baker Street before we part ways for the night.
_________________________________________________
John laughed. "Well now that the study break is over perhaps we could get back to Chemistry."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John but the doctor gave a light giggle and started pointing out the different parts "That's an arm, and a leg....and this is your baby's face."
He could here Sherlock clear his throat over the phone. "Well I want to make a good impression."
Sherlock stood up and spoke to the entire Watson and started to introduce his children. “This is Persephone she is the eldest, then Darius, Sabian, Odessa, Edelweiss and Valentina are my first set of twins followed by Waylon and Lucretia my second set, Killian and Archimedes are my youngest.”
Unable to resist the temtation he walks over and lightly smacks his bum. "Now this position I like."
Harry smiled, clearly happy that she upset her brother. "Well then, answer when an Alpha talks to you, baby maker."
John took some deep breaths "Yeah....yeah I'll be fine."
Under the pile he found an invitation from Mike Stamford and his Beta wife Lily's ten year anniversary party. Mike was one of the less intelligent people at St. Barts but they weren't what you would call "close". Sherlock in the past had to go to Mike for his expertise on various diseases when a case called for it and Mike would always give a friendly hello and every once in awhile Sherlock could be persuaded to have a cup of tea and talk to Mike about cases he was working on.
"John this is absolutely charming." Cynthia said looking around.
David pulls Tristan closer to him. "Thanks I guess...."
John knew this is exactly what she wanted. To make it seem like he was the brute by attacking his sister. Since they were kids she was always desperate for attention and the best way she found it was for John to attack her and then play the victim.
Alvin was a quiet man and much older than John anticipated. He looked like he should have retired a few years earlier and it seemed like a strong wind would have brought him down. John thought that maybe Sherlock was getting back at him for being so unmoving with his want for only one guard but even Mycroft was surprised that Sherlock was willing to give up Alvin from his own security.
Sherlock gave his children a look telling them to stop. “Kids, that not very polite. They are trying to welcome us and we should do the same. Say hello.”
They stopped in front of Sherlocks door. "He's inside. Be gentle." Greg said as he walked away.
Sherlock put his head down. "I'm sorry about them."
April 10, 2010
John nodded "Yeah it'll be four years in a couple months since she's been gone."
George looked at Greg "And you are?"
“I recall you giving your word that you would be there to oversee the charity donation! Do you know how bad this looks John?? Do you not understand??”
Cynthia and Zachary gave each other a glance. After a moment of silent agreement Zachary spoke. "Yeah alright." He said in a scratchy voice.
"I can't. I graduate in two months and my grades have been slipping." John said shrugging of Sherlocks hands.
Until next time my love.
"I'm serious Sherlock. I only want one security guard."
John smacked his hand down on the counter. "I just came home from the surgery! The last thing I want to hear is a crying baby!"
John swallowed and debated whether to tell the truth or make an excuse up. He decided the truth "I'm going to see Sherlock."
"Yes sir." They both muttered under their breath.
"Well darling, you should have thought of that before you asked him to marry you." Violet said simply.
Once he could scream no more John fell to his knees and ran his hand through his hair as he sobbed.
John laid Sherlock down on the bed and straddled him so he could begin kissing his neck. "You're so beautiful." He said in between kisses.
John smiled and gave a gentle kiss to the top of Christopher head. He then grabbed Sherlocks free hand and and took a deep breath. "Ready when you are."
Mycroft then walked through the doors "Everything is set brother mine."
John looked to Sherlock to see what he thought "I don't think so...." Sherlock said.
Sherlock
John rubbed his face trying to will himself to wake up "Why? What's wrong?"
Sherlock suddenly became rigid. "You had sex with three other people all you knew for no longer then three days. You're obviously not timid when it comes to the physical aspect of a relationship yet we haven't gone past me sucking your neck. So the only difference is me."
"Come now Sherlock. Why must you treat everything like we're putting you through torture."
John flashed him a smile not wanting this night to end. "Sure."
"About two minutes apart." John answered.
Sherlock shook his head "If I'm to be honest, quite the contrary." Sherlock put his hands to his side and started to clench them with nervousness. "I find you interesting and exquisite. I want nothing more then to kiss you again and spend every moment with you but for the better of us, that can't happen."
John's face fell as Sherlock tensed. Sargent Smith was then beckoned over by a group of professors. "Anyways, I just wanted to say congratulations John. You'll make a fine army doctor." He then said his goodbyes and walked away.
John was touched at the kind heartedness of the woman but with all the rushing didn't really have a chance to thank her.
John knocks over the kitchen table shattering all of Sherlock's experiments as well as some kitchen plates left over from breakfast. "Clean this up." John says as he walks to the bedroom and slams the door.
Charlotte smiled at the sight of her son in her Dad's arms. "Hello Tristan." She held out her arms for the small boy.
Violet gave her son a pointed look "Darling you've been distracted since we've gotten here. Are you feeling well?"
John jumped but began to go out of the room. As he left he could hear Sherlocks heart breaking sobs.
Siger poured two glasses for them and handed one to John. John slowly slipped the drink, it was smooth and didn't burn going down like the cheap brandy he's had previously.
"They're too...." Persephone tried to find a good word "I don't know....clean cut?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and kept leaning over and looking out into the city "The only way for anything to happen to me by standing right here is to jump and since I have no want to commit suicide I will not being doing such a thing. You on the other hand might want to stay put before I make it look like YOU committed suicide."
Looking towards the police tape he caught the face of the nasally vile woman from before. "Who, Sherlock Holmes?"
“Splendid. I have a good English breakfast for you here on the table. Eggs, beans, toast, sausage. You know, the works. I know you must be hungry.”
“You changed your story. You said she left on her own, but then switched it to where someone drugged her and she was taken? Why?”
