“How do you make so much poop, huh?” he asks, unzipping Jack's onesie. “You’re a poop-making machine.” He grins. “You’re gonna impress the doc tomorrow. Yes, you are. Big strong baby.”
Cas seems to be reevaluating the situation, too. His eyes dart from Dean to the bed, that little frown back on his face.
had the guts to say something to Cole, then Cas would be giving
Seconds later, silence descends, broken by the occasional growl from a vamp-wolf that isn't quite dead yet, followed by the sharp crack of a gunshot as a hunter finishes the job.
Superman,” Ben says with awe. “He falled from the sky and now we have to adopt him!”
wear silk pajamas to bed.
"Shut up." Dean pouts at him.
Dean feels like he’s at the bottom of a deep, dark lake. His limbs are heavy, it’s hard to breathe, and his entire body is one big bruise. He tries opening his eyes, but everything is spinning, so he shuts them again. Is this what dying feels like? Floating in a dark, dizzy void until your soul leaves your body?
Jack smells nice, Dean thinks as he sets the infant on the changing table. What is it about babies that make them smell so good? Probably so the big humans don’t get upset when they poop everywhere. Which Jack does,
“Too fast for what?”
No one's heard anything from Luke, which doesn't surprise Dean at all. After Mom leaves, Sam sits the three of them down and explains that he's been in contact with one of his law professors over break.
"Yes, the whole six percent of students who actually read the newspaper," Cesar deadpans.
Dean stares at the lean, muscled body in front of him. One side of Cas' torso and his entire left arm and shoulder are covered with tattoos. Most of them are in a language Dean doesn't recognize. Cas' other side is covered in scars, some new and pink, some old and faded to white.
"Sweet." Dean folds up the map and stands up. "Let's go."
Jeepers, Cas is bossy! First he makes Dean go into the bedroom and change into something way less awesome. Next he makes Dean eat something before they leave, because "I don't need you fainting before the day's even started."
“Luke,” Dean repeats. “Your brother Luke? The dude who got busted for possession a couple years ago?”
By the time lunch rolls around, it seems like everyone at HunterCorps is mad at Dean. Meg, bless her creepy little heart, finally seems to realize that her colleague isn't quite "himself" and offers to watch the front desk so Dean can escape to a quieter section of the library. He gladly accepts. How does Cas put up with this crap every day? This is a
The next instant Cas is easing onto the bed, slotting himself right up against Dean, their faces nearly touching. He has a lazy smile on his face as he continues to palm his dick; Dean's eyes are drawn to it like a magnet.
Dean kneels down beside the bird. It croaks again and cocks its head, studying him with one beady black eye. “I won’t hurt you,” he murmurs. “I promise.”
"If he says one more nasty word to either of you," Benny says, "you come to one of us, okay?"
He holds a hand up, his expression serious. “Not in a gay way, don’t worry. I just mean you’re cute, like, you know. A person.”
“Make sure you support his head,” Dean warns as Cas starts to pick up the baby.
What do you want with Clarence?"
Dean stares up at the ceiling. “What the fuck,” he mutters.
"Will do." Dean watches Cas shuffle out of the room, a wave of affection washing over him. And with it, a reckless sort of courage.
“No worries,” Jody reassures him. “I’ll put out a missing person report this afternoon. I don’t know how far we’ll get with only a first name, but it can’t hurt.” She puts her pad away and stands up. Dean and Castiel follow suit. “You sure you don’t want me to take you to the hospital?”
"Why don't you show me?" Dean gasps, reaching up and tugging at the hem of Cas' boxers.
“Jack,” Gabe says. “His mother named him right before she passed away.”
Neither of them realize the problem with this plan until it's already in motion. Castiel isn't a big drinker, but
Dean swallows hard and licks his lips. “Sure, Cas. You can tell me anything.”
Dean skids to a stop just as the front door creaks open. Two little heads poke out.
Cas is, how uninhibited. It's so different from how he normally behaves, but Dean's not complaining— Cas can take the lead anytime. He's fucking
Dean does, and the baby rewards him with more laughter, all chubby cheeks and toothless gums.
“Are you okay?” Ben asks, squatting down beside them. “You falled down.”
“See, now I think you’re mocking me.”
Footsteps crunch near Castiel's head and a pair of strong arms heave him to his feet.
“That’s not— wait, really?”
“Sometimes,” he answers honestly.
All four of them watch the digital display jump and flicker as Jack yells and flails his tiny limbs. After a brief moment, the screen shows the number 8.3.
He gives Castiel a flirty grin that's probably weakened knees all over the world, but Castiel keeps his own knees locked firmly in place. Just because Dean is devastatingly handsome doesn't mean he can get whatever he wants, even if he is the CEO's son.
,” he splutters.
From the kitchen comes the sound of cupboard doors opening and shutting. Dean, Cas, and the boys all exchange glances. Without a word, all four of them rush over to the kitchen doorway and poke their heads through, Stooge-style.
Cas blinks. “He has?”
expect to run into a trio of fucking
Dean is standing by the sink, face pale. There's a plaid kitchen towel wrapped around his left hand that's absolutely
worth the wait. Cas puts Jack in the nursery, makes sure the baby monitor is turned on, then pushes Dean down on the couch and proceeds to take him apart in the slowest, most excruciating way possible. Dean's not sure if it's just because Cas hasn't done this before, or if he's deliberately torturing him, but either way, he's pretty sure he's never been this hard in his entire
“Well, of course
“Shut
"Oh." Cas opens the envelope and takes out the card. It takes a few seconds for the message to sink in. Then his big blue eyes get even bigger. "What…?"
“I’m not doing anything.”
“Cool.” Dean reluctantly slips out of the room and goes to check on Sam, who’s studying in the kitchen.
“Hi, Jack,” she says softly, and Jack stares up at her with huge eyes. “Oh, you’re very smart. I can tell already.” Jack goes slightly cross-eyed as he attempts to focus on her face, his tiny tongue sticking out. “I’ve got some presents for you. Should we go open them?”
“Colon, colon, colon,” someone else sings.
Dean makes himself get up, groaning at all the pops and cracks. He really should take up yoga again, but he can’t bring himself to do it. It reminds him too much of Lisa.
"He's definitely your kid," Dean says softly, gazing down at the baby. "You have the same frown."
"Bfffah," Jack agrees.
Dean’s stomach clenches unpleasantly, but he doesn’t have time to lodge a complaint because Jo’s already pushing Cas up the rickety stairs leading to the stage. Once up there, he stands stiffly under glowing red and green lights, looking totally out of place in his wrinkled suit and crooked tie. His hair is askew and his blue eyes are wide, almost scared.
"Such a good boy," Castiel praises, caressing Dean's tingling skin. "You're taking your punishment so well. I think you deserve a reward." He leans down and smoothes Dean's sweat-damp hair back from his forehead. "What should it be, hm?”
he, Gabriel?”
it feels amazing. "But if you're uncomfortable, we can move to another room." He shifts sideways so he's facing Dean and starts nuzzling his neck. Dean groans again, sparks racing up and down his spine, and tilts his head further to the right, giving Cas more access. He can feel every inch of Cas pressing into him, soft lips and scratchy stubble and warm breath, a hard, hot bulge against his hip, big hands touching him everywhere.
The boys race back into the house, leaving Dean to escort their visitor rather awkwardly up the front steps.
"Si." Dean sits back on the barstool and watches him pour another shot. "Do you own this bar?" he asks after a pause, hoping the guy won't mind if he switches to English. He doesn't know enough Spanish to ask all the questions he needs to. Maybe one day.
Cas lets out a humorless laugh. “Define ‘enough.’”
call the cops, or at least an ambulance. The guy probably has a head injury and a few broken bones. But when Dean asks him if he can sit up, Castiel does so without a single wince or groan. That’s definitely not normal. Is he in shock, maybe?
"See what you did?" Cas snaps, but he's secretly glad Jack is making so much noise. Maybe it'll make Luke less enthusiastic about holding him.
too fast.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean dials his own number and lifts the phone to his ear, hoping against hope that his hunch is right.
is it just me or is the kid's hair getting lighter?
He pushes the impulse down, willing himself not to blush. “Let’s go look at flowers and shit.”
and he
Cas’ eyes go wide as he sees the baby, and a soft smile spreads over his face. “Hello,” he says as Dean sits down beside him. “Who is this?”
"Meg," Castiel sighs without thinking.
“You’re telling me,” Cas mutters.
He decides that the safest option is not to react or reply to Dean's comment. Within moments the conversation shifts to other topics, like Victor and Benny complaining about how much harder it is to pick up girls without Jack as their wingman.
Dean sucks in a breath and looks sharply at Cas, but Cas is totally focused on the screen. The only hint that anything is out of the ordinary is the tiny quirk at the corner of his lips. Motherfucker. He knows
“Good.” Dean gives him an encouraging grin. “Let’s get you up. You go blow your nose and splash some water on your face, and I’ll see what I can do to make that cranky little shit calm down. Okay?”
"Yeah." The word comes out in a burst. "I want to. That sounds…really nice."
He's a little addicted to Cas, too.
"Stay there, Cas," the voice, which Castiel now realizes is his
"I'm pretty sure it is," the voice says. "I've had the same number for like ten years."
“Gurf,” Jack says.
“Let go, bitch.” Dean kicks backward and Sam drops him with a yelp.
“I wouldn’t go that far.” Gabriel shrugs. “I think he just got sick of Zachariah’s whining and told him to shove it up his—” He stops abruptly, glancing at Jack and Ben. “Up, uh, the chimney.” He crams the last bit of peppermint bark into his mouth and wipes his hands on his shirt. “Anyhoo. You’re free and clear, as far as the Head Honcho is concerned. You can go back anytime.”
"Want you," Dean breathes into Cas' mouth, pressing their foreheads together. "Wanna make you feel good. Let me make you feel good, Cas, I love you so much—"
Cas lets out a sniffle that’s frankly pathetic. “Okay,” he mumbles.
but he chokes them back. He can't mess this up. He has to do this right.
"Only every time we get shitfaced," Meg says in a bored tone. "I usually stop listening after the fourth shot."
Even though he knows he's in Dean's body, Castiel keeps expecting to get stopped by security as he walks through the maze of corridors, but they all either ignore him or give him friendly nods. Castiel returns the nods awkwardly, trying to walk confidently like Dean does, like he owns the place. Which he probably does— at least some of it.
This Castiel dude is pretty intense. He keeps looking at Dean like he's a particularly succulent piece of meat, which makes Dean equal parts pissed off and turned on. But he also seems genuinely invested in catching this fucker, so Dean's not going to look a gift hunter in the mouth.
fucking is. “I’m not his dad,” he says. “And I’m not a buttface either.”
“Hello,” he says in an impossibly deep, gravelly voice. “My name is Castiel.”
She ducks underneath Dean's outstretched arm and glides away, high heels clicking bright and sharp against the floor.
"I'm gonna kill him," Gabriel snarls that evening, pacing up and down the living room. "I will kill him with my bare hands.
And not only does everything around him feel off,
let out an unmanly squeak) and drapes himself over Dean’s body, a challenging look in his eyes.
"No, I didn't mean—" By now Dean's managed to sit up and is now frantically wrapping the sheets around himself. "Get out and
dude u need to come home rn
"Good job. I think we're almost there."
"Guess you really have been hunting for a long time," Dean says, a little awed. "How old are you, anyway?"
"No, it's not." Dean buries his face in his hands. "It's fucking weird, okay? I know that."
Castiel looks around the room and sees a mirror hanging on the walk-in closet door. Stomach churning, he walks up and looks into the reflective surface.
“You’re a crappy liar, Winchester!” Cas shouts. “You’re going in there to cry so I won’t see.”
He doesn’t do that with Cas. Ever since Jack’s crying extravaganza, Dean has been careful, almost gentle with him. Maybe he feels bad about their fight, or maybe he’s decided to treat Cas like a bomb that could go off any second. Whatever the reason, Cas can't help feeling flattered by all the attention, even though it's probably just platonic in nature. Dean hasn't dropped any hints that he's interested in more than friendship, and Cas doesn't want to push, especially if Dean's still "figuring things out." For now, he just enjoys spending time with Dean, and if he occasionally pretends they're on a real date, well, that's nobody's business but his.
"If you tell anyone about this," Dean croaks, his face burning, "they will never find your body. Capiche?"
"Yes," Cas breathes, sitting up to give him easier access. "God, yes."
Feels so good, baby."
"Fuck you, man." Cole throws up his hands. "This is what I get for trying to be nice."
"No pack? That's unusual." Dean frowns. "You think he got kicked out?"
"Because it's probably the only chance I'll ever get to wear one," Castiel retorts, stepping back to let Dean into the apartment. "Why do
“And I’ve got an exam in the morning,” Sam almost whines. “Plus two more on Wednesday, plus I have to pack.”
Once they're in the infirmary getting Cas' knee patched up, Dean shows him the hex bag and the security footage from last night in the library. After cursing Rowena's name in several languages, Cas suggested they pay her a visit and explain the situation. He's known Rowena for years; surely he can get her to see reason.
“But we weren’t
need to come for Christmas now. Mom’s got all our old baby stuff in storage. We can hook you up with clothes and a crib and everything.”
Add shame to the growing pile of emotions Dean is currently experiencing. "No," he mumbles. "Sorry. I just… I'm kinda panicking here, man."
you want to explain?” Missouri cries, whirling on Sam. “I get a text from Dean at nine-thirty at night asking me to bring baby stuff over, and when I ask him what the hell for, he just says ‘long story.’” She lifts the pillow and starts whacking Sam with it instead. “A long story? Nothing long about it! You knock up some poor girl and now you’re a baby daddy, end of story!”
"I hope I'm not inter
They reach for the stack at the same time, hands brushing as they both try to grab the topmost volume. Dean jerks away as though he's been stung.
A loud buzzing sound makes him jump. He glances around and spots the intercom by the front door.
Castiel throws back another shot and slams the glass back down on the sticky bartop. Usually he can find a decent meal in places like this, but not today. Not for the past few weeks, actually. And he's pretty sure he knows the reason.
“Hey,” he says softly. “Are you hurt?”
"You owe me twenty bucks, Gabe," he says gleefully, just before Dean smacks him in the face with a couch cushion.
Meg heaves a sigh. "You're no fun, boss boy."
Dean throws back his head and laughs. He has a wonderful laugh; it makes Cas tingle inside. "I did, huh? Well, sober me agrees with drunk me, then. It's an awesome name."
"I can't do anything more for you tonight," he says, returning to the front desk. "The system takes hours to process data queries. That's assuming it doesn't crash, which it probably will."
Cesar's face goes red. "Shut up," he mutters. "He's writing a piece on LGBT athletes, that's all."
Dean flushes pink. "Can I wear panties?" he asks, almost shyly.
Slowly but surely Dean drifts off, and he’s almost completely out when he suddenly gets a weird feeling. It’s the same one he gets when his sons stare at him while he’s sleeping. Cringing at the thought of having to explain to a pair of seven-year-olds why he and Cas are cuddling on the couch, Dean reluctantly opens his eyes.
"This isn't a JC Penney's," Meg says in a bored tone. "Get out or
Rowena smiles up at him beautifically. "No trouble at all, dear." Her sharp eyes travel past Castiel and land on Dean, who has the grace to look slightly embarrassed. "Apologies for interrupting. I'll let you boys get back to your…" She waves a thin, elegant hand through the air, bracelets jangling.
“What’s the surprise?” Cas demands.
he's becoming a Dean-Cas hybrid
Dean loosens his hold and leans back so he can look Cas in the eyes. "Hey," he says, in the same voice he uses with his teammates whenever they lose a game or get chewed out by the coach. "You're an awesome dad, you hear me? Just because Jack's crying doesn't mean you're bad at this. It means you’re still learning what he needs. And you are not fucking
There’s a chorus of catcalls and jeers as Bobby trudges up on stage, his face beet red under his baseball cap. Ellen’s laughing harder than anyone, but once the bidding starts, she edges out both Sue from the post office and Liz from the library without even breaking a sweat. The other women accept defeat graciously, and Ellen marches up to claim her prize by planting a big smacking kiss on Bobby’s cheek, which has both Sam and Dean howling. Now they know why Bobby agreed to this in the first place.
The man’s eyes suddenly snap open. Dean gasps and jerks his hand back. The man blinks up at him, face half in shadow.
“No,” Jack and Ben say at the same time, then start giggling.
Castiel props his chin on his hand and tilts his head. "From what I've observed, this particular wolf likes to hunt alone."
"I could go with you," he says. "To the doctor's appointment. If you want. Sometimes it helps to have another person there to take notes, or whatever."
"Only downside," Dean pants, "is that I can't suck you off."
not the floor." Castiel grabs Dean by the armpits and hauls him up to a sitting position. This close, Dean can smell his aftershave and see crow's feet at the corners of his eyes. Wait a second... Those are
“Okay.” Dean sits up, because he can’t have this conversation lying on his stomach. He braces himself and looks at Cas. God, his eyes are so fucking blue. It isn’t fair.
For the next few minutes, chaos ensues as people go in and out, bringing cold gusts of air with them and shouting about where everything should go. Cas retreats to the kitchen where he and Jack can stay safely out of the way. Jack is wide awake and wriggles in Cas’ arms as they listen to the chatter of voices coming from the entryway.
Cas doesn’t appear bothered; in fact, he hardly seems to have heard their exchange. His attention is entirely on the baby, who’s grabbed hold of his finger and is now gnawing on it enthusiastically.
Cole stares at Jack for a moment. Then he holds out his arms. "Here. Give him to me."
"Just… do your best, alright?" Castiel says desperately when they reach the elevators. "Meg should be able to answer any questions."
“I’m in hell, Charlie,” Dean says around a mouthful of tortilla chips. “Horrible, fiery, glittery gay hell.”
"All right, all right!" Dean cuts in, shooing them away from Cas, who's starting to look overwhelmed by all the attention. "Anybody who wants to hold him needs to wash their hands first. And y'all better have had your flu shots and every other vaccine under the sun, because if
“Probably,” Cas says, his stomach tensing. “What does it matter?”
"Love sharing it with you," Dean chokes out, not even caring how cheesy it sounds. "Never… showed anyone else."
"No," Dean says quickly. "No, it doesn't. I just…I got a little embarrassed, I guess."
“What’s an archangel?” Ben asks. “Is it like Superman?”
For a moment he isn't sure that Dean can answer, but then he says, in a surprisingly steady voice, "Impala, sir."
better than Santa. I’m an archangel.”
“Fine,” he says, “but
Dean frowns. "When did I say that?"
"Right." Dean clears his throat. "Well. Good. I'm glad. That you like it, I mean."
Dean's brain is now completely offline. He might be having an aneurysm, actually. Cas went through Dean's entire underwear drawer and tried on
After feeding comes changing. Missouri makes all of them learn, and is not amused when Gabe wastes four diapers trying to construct an adult-sized diaper. Sam is nervous and fidgety, and so is Cas, mostly because they didn't expect to have to handle Jack's… well, everything. Dean just laughs at them, which makes Sam roll his eyes and Cas scowl adorably.
“Are you leading a spin class for infants now?” Evidently Cas has returned from his  bathroom break.
blue. It almost looks like they’re glowing. Dean shivers.
"Shit." Cas flails around for a second, then scoops Jack up in his arms and rushes into the kitchen.
“No,” Dean exclaims. “I mean, yeah I meant what I said. But I didn’t mean like,
single," Dean says, flushing slightly.
"So do you." Dean huffs out a laugh, chest and shoulders heaving as he tries to catch his breath. "You're one hell of a kisser."
too good at that,” he mumbles.
Castiel steps out of his nest. A brief moment of concentration, and he’s shifted into his true form. He spreads his wings and flies off into the woods, scanning the ground with his sharp raven’s eyes. It doesn’t take long to find what he’s looking for.
A jumble of emotion flashes through Dean—pity, regret, sorrow. “What was the punishment?” he asks, afraid to hear the answer.
your fault. And you think you can get away with it, just because your daddy’s the CEO.”
Furious, Cas opens his mouth to scold his brother, but Dean just laughs. "Thanks, but I'll pass. Only Cas gets to see the good stuff from now on."
"Yeah," Dean nearly whines. "S'really fucking hot."
“No,” Cas says, a little impatiently. For the past few weeks he's had to constantly pronounce his name to teachers and classmates and he's getting tired of it. “Castiel. With a T.”
“Is that normal?” Gabe asks, staring down at Jack’s testicles. “That can’t be normal.”
Castiel leans forward and kisses him, long and deep and full of promise. "Only if I can, too," he murmurs.
with Cas, okay? It’s just a crush, it’s gonna go away in like five minutes. Cas needs our help and he could really use a parent right now. Hell, we all could.”
“I’ll be up in a sec to tuck you in,” Dean calls, then turns back to his unexpected guest. “Whoa, hey!”
The raw, wrecked sound Dean lets out in response nearly breaks Castiel's resolve. "Look at me, sweet boy," he orders, lightly pinching Dean's thigh. Dean opens those beautiful green eyes and gazes up at him. "What's your safeword?"
A thought occurs to him. If Dean
“WHAT?” Dean yells.
"So, a public defender?" Sam snarks.
She smiles at him. “I like you too, Castiel. You and Gabe are doing a very kind thing, taking care of Jack for your brother.”
"Oh fuck, honey—" Dean sits up and leans forward, easing his still-throbbing dick out of his boyfriend's mouth. "Sorry, babe, I tried to warn you."
"Damn it." Dean shines his flashlight into the gaping maw of the pipe. The concrete sides are stained with blood and other substances he doesn't want to think about. "Think he's out hunting?"
There's a very good chance Dean won't survive this.
Silence falls, broken only by the crackling fire.
Cas makes the cutest sound when Dean kisses him— a startled, muffled yelp that quickly melts into a contented hum— and somehow Dean just
go somewhere else?”
“I’m gonna miss you so much,” he whispers, only a little surprised to feel tears welling up. "Don't forget me, okay?"
After a moment's hesitation, Castiel picks up the phone and slides his thumb over the answer button. "Hello?" he says slowly. Then does a double take, because his
Dean, predictably, does not like this arrangement at all. “Let me help, Cas,” he says after two nights. “Please.”
Victor walks back into the living room, drying his hands on his jeans. "Hey, man," he says. "Welcome back. You have a good break?"
.” Dean glares at her. “After you file the report, what happens to him?”
“Like what you see?” he says with a crooked grin.
"A few years," Dean answers. "You?"
makes him wince, but to his credit, Cas barely flinches at the blow. He just glares at John, that fire still burning in his eyes, even as a red mark appears on his cheek.
Cas thinks immediately, and squashes the thought just as fast. He and Dean have been friends for nearly a year now, and he has yet to witness anything that suggests Dean is anything other than straight. Cas suspects that Dean would definitely
wants to feel those wings. Trace them with his fingertips, taste them with his tongue, feel them flutter and tremble under his touch...
“Very much,” Cas answers earnestly. “You’re so beautiful.”
He pulls a few branches aside and shines the beam down into the bushes. Their rooftop visitor is sprawled against the side of the house, wrapped in a tangle of blinking bulbs, eyes closed. He looks around thirty-five or forty with dark hair and stubble, and he’s wearing a suit and tie underneath his trenchcoat. He’s dressed like an
“I see.” There’s a much longer pause, and Dean’s stomach tenses up. This is it. This is the part where Cas decides Dean isn’t worth the risk, and leaves without ever looking back.
"Your pajamas certainly are," Castiel mutters.
He shifts on the sofa, trying to put a little space between them, opens the heavy tome, and begins to read.
“Uh-oh,” Dean says as he sits back down.
Dean groans. “You guys are imagining things. You had way too much sugar last night.”
“Where are we going?” Cas demands.
Dean gives him a shaky grin and tugs the pants down to Cas' thighs, and oh
"Cas?" Dean calls. Silence. "Cas!" he yells. No answer.
Face burning, Dean exits the bathroom. He finds some of Cas' clean clothes and puts them on, careful not to touch any part of himself more than necessary. Then he hunts around the room for a phone, which he eventually finds— a dumb ancient flip phone because of
“More like chocolate lake,” Gabe says, smirking. “With two naked chicks wrestling in it.”
"Cool." Charlie grabs the diaper bag. "I'll get an Uber."
It seems like Dean loves giving up control just as much as Castiel loves taking it, and Castiel
“Morning,” Cas greets without looking up.
in the middle of everyth—"
"Watch your mouth," Victor barks. "And it ain't just your house."
“I have faith in you,” Cas says, and the fucker has the audacity to
"It wouldn't be if you took better care of it," Cas says, his voice suddenly serious. "You have a lot of scars, Dean. Some of them look like they're from old injuries. And Sam seemed very surprised when I wanted to visit the infirmary. I'm guessing you don't go there very often."
“Dean,” the man repeats, as if trying it out. “Thank you for your hospitality, Dean.”
Cas yanks him forward. The look of pure lust in his eyes sends hot shivers through Dean's body. "Deal," he says, and with a loud
"S'okay," Dean says gruffly. "You did the right thing."
"Wait," Dean blurts out. "Where's Jack?"
“Easy,” Gabriel says. “Angels are real.”
Like all creatures who live in the human world, Castiel understands the supernatural order of things, and its first, most important rule is
Dean tries to move quietly, but because the early morning gods have seen fit to punish him for some unknown crime, he steps on one of the boys’ stuffed animals, which immediately flashes to life and starts gyrating around on the floor, singing “YOU’RE MY BEST FRIEND!” at the top of its tinny voice box.
Cas continues to stare at him, eyes dark and piercing, like he’s trying to peer inside Dean’s soul. Maybe he is. So much of Castiel is still a mystery, but Dean can’t wait to solve more of the puzzle.
over his head. He doesn't understand half the stuff that Meg is saying. There are books and manuscripts and scrolls everywhere, written in languages he doesn't even recognize. People keep coming in and asking him questions and he doesn't know any of the answers. How did he ever think that Cas' job is easy?
"It's okay, dude."
Rather than asking all five of them to drive out to her house, Dean’s mom decides that it’s much easier if she comes to Madison for Christmas instead. Castiel is both relieved and touched that she would make such an accommodation for someone she’s never met before. He’s never been close with either of his parents, so he’s very curious to meet this Mary Winchester. Dean starts bouncing off the walls with excitement when he learns his mom is coming here, so Cas reasons that she can’t be too awful if Dean likes her that much.
"That implies some of them
“No, Dad, I swear—”
baby, it’s Cas and Gabe’s. Hit them instead!”
A pause, then Sam opens the door. One look at his expression tells Dean something is super off. “What’s going on?” he demands.
go back to sleep."
At this point Dean would jump off the fucking Chrysler building if Cas told him to. He quickly unzips and wriggles out of his jeans while Cas unlaces his boots and tosses them over his shoulder. Then he's down to just his underwear, and Cas' eyes rake over the rest of his body, an appreciative hum sounding low in his throat.
“Can you make scrambled eggs, Dad?”
damn that baby's getting big
“When we walk on Earth, we hide our wings from human eyes,” Castiel says quietly, but he’s not looking at Jack, or Ben. He’s watching Dean, that fearful look still in his eyes. It’s strange, because
They go through half a pack before all of them are able to change Jack properly, but the little guy doesn't seem to mind. He kicks his legs and stares up at them with an intensity that reminds Dean way too much of Cas. He wonders briefly what Cas was like as a baby. He must have been adorable with those big blue eyes and dark messy hair. Was he as serious as he is now, or did he smile and laugh a lot? He should ask Gabe if they have pictures.
Cas pops off and looks up at him through long, dark lashes. "I've been meaning to tell you," he says, as if discussing the weather, "I
This is bad. This is really, really bad. Dean just wanted to rustle up a monster or two tonight, see if he might cross paths with Cas, or at the very least get his attention. He did
Jack cries. A lot. Usually Cas can get him to calm down with a few gentle back-pats and bounces, but today those are not working. Neither is changing his diaper, or feeding him, or anything else. He screams and screams and screams until Cas’ ears are ringing and his head is throbbing.
"Don't let Jesse hear you say that," Gabe teases. "Otherwise he might reconsider doing that super up-close-and-personal,
Castiel searches all the pockets in his coat and trousers. Nothing. This is getting weirder by the minute. Dean sighs, thinking longingly of his warm, comfortable bed.
"Oh?" Sam looks mildly curious. "What department do you work in?"
He starts rifling through the drawer, marveling at the sheer number and variety. Polka dotted boy shorts, lacy bikini bottoms, briefs with frilly bows, and
. So hot and soft and comforting, like slipping into a warm bath after a long cold day. It feels like home.
Cas' hands, he knows instinctively that it's Cas touching him. There's confidence and grace in those hands; the feel of them sets Dean's nerves on fire.
There’s only one option. He’ll have to bring Dean to his nest.
“Get out here.”
"I can do a lot more than that." Cas crouches and scoops Dean up in his arms. "Bedroom?"
He lunges forward. Cas plants his feet and raises his fists, just like Dean showed him, ready to throw a punch if he needs to.
"Yes," Cas says, shocked at how calm he sounds. "Gabe's extremely immature. Do you know he rented a chocolate fountain and put it in his apartment?"
Dean couldn’t stop checking his watch. He knew it was a twenty minute walk down to the docks, which would be easier than waiting to catch and shuttle (and having to pay for it). Despite the fact that he was hiring this guy, Dean still couldn’t shake the feeling that he was going to miss his flight, so to speak. He ended up bidding Gabriel goodbye at about half past two, just an hour before he needed to meet with Captain Novak.
“So this microburst,” Dean let Castiel take the shirt from him and hold it to the side of his head. That should stop the bleeding. “Is strong enough to knock a helicopter into the ocean?”
Jo sighed, her chest heaving with exaggeration. She shot daggers in Gabriel’s direction, who shook his head and grinned in response.
“They also stitched up your leg,” Sam told him.
“Cas, you alright?” Dean said, his eyes darting around the room in search of an attacker. He glanced down at Cas, who was sitting up in his bed and staring up at Dean in shock.
Dean scoffed. “Am I okay? Of course, I am, why wouldn’t I be?”
To say that they couldn’t tear themselves apart would have been an understatement. Dean would leave his hand on Cas’s arm for just a little too long and Cas would be constantly leaning on Dean for “support” due to his injured leg. It was strange that Dean managed to find the tiniest bit of normality while being stranded on a deserted island.
Dean didn’t know how exactly he should “brace for impact”, but he wasn’t exactly given much time to think. The helicopter clipped on something, whether it was the ground or the trees Dean didn’t know, but they were spinning even more so out of control than before. They were on their side when they finally hit the ground, skidding across the dirt and sand as Dean was jerked around in his seatbelt, the fabric digging into his shoulders. His head flung back into the seat, which he had thought was quite soft at one point but now felt like a ton of bricks. He could hear the metal warping as the helicopter was dragged across the ground by momentum, coming to stop only when they hit the edge of the jungle.
Dean’s eyes followed the smoke as it disappeared above them. “This is good, right? It’s like a smoke signal- they’ll be able to find us now, right?”
I’m useless- I don’t deserve you worrying over me. It won’t do either of us any good in the long run.”
And that's that! Thank you so much for reading! I'm going to be honest here; I don't think I've written a full fic in about 2 years. I know this one was kind of short and sweet, but I think it was just what I needed to get back in the game. I'm really hoping to write longer fics in the future and get back to my old ways, but until then I just wanted to say thank you so much for reading this short little fic of mine! I hope you have a wonderful day and if anyone wants to come harass me on tumblr for some reason, my username is redlineriot. <3
Cas just lightly shook his head.
So that’s how it was going to be, huh? They were just going to carry on and never speak to each other again?
So that’s exactly what they did. Dean passed his bag over to Cas, who removed all the coconuts and the rock Dean claimed would break them open. He began to hack at them, the sound making Dean think about a knife on a wooden cutting board.
Cas swallows. He loves this man so much, just as deeply and strongly as he loves Jack, but if Cas does end up having to choose between them, Dean deserves to know what his answer will be.
Dean’s throat tightens. It’s been almost three years since the accident, but it still hurts to hear those words.
Silence. Dean's tongue suddenly feels too big for his mouth, and when did it get so freaking hot in here?
"Probably." Dean shrugs. "I'll be honest with you, dude. I don't know how much help I'll be. Research isn't my strong area. I mostly just beat the crap out of things until they die."
"I don't know," Dean says, shrugging off the question like it's an itchy sweater. "Why does Superman keep coming back to save the world?"
"He gets out plenty."
Cole glares at them but doesn’t say anything else. Castiel presses his lips together and tries not to smile.
"Since when have I ever cared about being appropriate?" Meg rolls her eyes. "Was he good at least?"
Swearing, Dean picks up the flashlight and shines it around. There's a second dead wolf on the ground a few feet away, but no sign of Castiel. "Cas!" he shouts again. "Castiel! Where the fuck are you?"
"I tried to help," Cole retorts. "Cas wouldn't let me."
to you too," he says, putting on an overly formal voice. "Did you just get in? I've been looking for you."
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Just get over here so we can figure this out."
“Mmm-hmm.” Cas snuggles impossibly closer, winding his legs around Dean’s. “You’re a very good cuddler.”
"I had to get to the hospital quickly, and I didn't even think of calling an Uber until I was already in the car and driving here," Cas says, vaguely aware that he's starting to babble. "I'm sorry, but it was an emergency, and I didn't know what else to do. I didn't wreck her, Dean, I promise. I drove very, very carefully—"
Tell me what to do.”
Cas groans. “I can’t think about Christmas right now.”
"No, it's not." Cas starts fidgeting with the hoodie's drawstring, nervously winding it around his finger. "I just… I've been dealing with Jack all day, and when you were able to calm him down in less than two minutes, it made me irrationally angry." He looks down at the floor. "I guess I'm more insecure than I thought."
you speak to me like that. I put my life on the line for this company, every single day, to make sure the world stays safe. And instead of thanking me, you insult and humiliate me and treat me as if I'm worthless, just because I made a mistake? What kind of leader does that? What kind of
Gabriel enters his apartment (one of many he has on Earth), flops onto his leather couch, and turns on the television. Within seconds, he brings up a satellite view of Lawrence, Kansas, then zooms in on the town’s newest resident.
"Hi Papa!" Jack exclaims.
"I'll do it," Castiel says, as though he can sense Dean's state of mind. "I'm the one who made the decision. It's my responsibility."
"Okay, gross." Dean puts the book down and walks away. "Get back to work."
Cas places Jack on the scale, keeping one hand on the back of the baby’s head. Jack scrunches up his face as the cold metal touches his skin, then lets out a wail that's amazingly loud for someone so small.
Castiel finds his voice. “In my home. I was nearby when the moose attacked you. I heard you scream.”
“Can Castiel come, too? I want to show him my marble track.”
But he doesn't look like Castiel at all. His eyes aren't blue anymore, but fiery red. Two dark, tattered, batlike wings sprout from his back, and his tattoos are glowing as if there are hot coals beneath his skin. Dean can actually
Dean's patience is already worn thin, and Cole's criticism on top of Cas' shitty attitude is just too much to take. "Listen," he snaps. "If you're not part of this, then you don't get to sit back and pass judgment. We're all learning, and we're all making mistakes. So either pitch in and help, or keep your mouth shut."
“Dad?” a small voice says. “What’s going on?”
They’re not dating. Cas has to remind himself of this several times. They’re just hanging out, like friends do. Only, Dean never invites anyone else to come with them. He always drives, he always opens Cas’ door for him, and if they do something that costs money, he always pays. It’s not exactly the sort of thing he would do with a friend. Cas has seen how Dean treats his other friends— greeting them with fist bumps or back slaps, insulting their intelligence, groaning about how they’re ungrateful bastards who never give him a moment’s peace.
Castiel feels the scream before he hears it. A red hot burning sensation spreads along his limbs, darkening his vision, and he gasps as he recognizes the source.
“I love you,” he says, because he never said it on Earth and he’s determined to remedy that now that he’s in Heaven. He once asked Cas if he was saying it too much, and Cas just looked at him like he was insane, so. He says it a lot. All the time.
"Right. Sorry." Cas stumbles over to the door and pushes it shut.
Dean says with a shudder. Cas gives him a dirty look.
Spring break arrives. Most of the guys leave for the week, including Sam, but Dean sticks around. This makes Cas hopeful, since Dean isn't jumping at the first opportunity to get far, far away from him, but he's still not sure how to break the ice. Every time he opens his mouth, Dean goes tense, like he knows Cas is trying to talk about things he'd rather avoid. It's frustrating and it's making Cas miserable.
“Know who you are?” He takes another bite of cookie. “Simple. I’m an archangel. I know everything.”
“So? I’m only twenty-four,” Dean retorts. “Age doesn’t have anything to do with being a good parent.”
As spring break starts winding down, Dean starts thinking about what comes after. He’s a little shocked to realize that graduation is only two months away. He's in good shape to graduate (he's done well in all his classes and only has two final exams to worry about) but it's forcing him to face an uncomfortable reality. He can't stay in Sigma Zeta if he's not a student anymore.
"Sam and I are going on a hunt," Castiel says without preamble. "In five minutes. What do I do?"
The bearded guy tilts his head towards the open screen door and shouts, “Dean!”
Logically, Dean knows that at the end of the day, he really doesn’t have a place in this little domestic world Cas is creating for himself. He’s convenient, he’s useful, but eventually Cas is going to get the hang of this parenting thing, and then he won’t need Dean anymore. It’s probably better that he moves out sooner rather than later. Otherwise he’s going to get even more attached, and the harder it’ll be when the day finally comes.
“Hey!” Dean yells, and the thing on the roof freezes instantly. “Listen, buddy! I don’t know who the hell you are or what the hell you’re doing, but you got exactly three seconds to get off my roof before I call the cops!”
Castiel moves to the fire, which has almost burnt out, and rakes a stick over the glowing coals. “How is your pain?” he asks.
“I see. And you will be there with me? You won’t leave me alone?”
“Oh.” Dean’s anger fades a little. “But you’re back now.”
Dean snorts. "Not when they look like you."
“Wow.” The guy’s eyes go wide, like Cas just uttered something deeply profound. “That’s an
Dean swallows past the lump that’s suddenly formed in his throat and smiles at his son. “Of course he can,” he answers. “He’s family.”
Well, it’s not the weirdest thing he’s ever dreamed.
Dean shudders. “I could never be an English major. Too much writing.”
with him, you dick. And if you say one word, I’ll tell Jessica Moore that you doodled her name in your notebooks all semester.”
the werewolf. Or something just as nasty. L.A.'s a goddamn mecca for monsters and creepy crawlies.
Cas jerks violently and looks up, and Dean’s heart breaks into a million pieces. His friend's eyes are red and bloodshot, his whole face sagging with exhaustion, tears and snot streaming down his face. He’s letting out little hiccuping sobs, and he stares at Dean with blank eyes, like he’s not really seeing him.
For a split second, Castiel forgets that he's Dean and doesn't acknowledge the voice. Then he remembers and whips around to see Sam Winchester, paisley scarf draped elegantly around his throat, striding towards him.
"Oh, really? Cas wouldn't let the guy who called him a fag take care of his baby? I'm shocked."
"Good news," Dean says at last, sitting up and wiping his mouth. "Your dick still works."
"He's so
Saturday dawns bright and cold with a fresh layer of snow on the ground. Since Castiel doesn’t have any clothes, Dean lends him some, which may have been a mistake because when Cas comes downstairs wearing one of Dean’s flannels over a faded Zeppelin tee, Dean temporarily loses the ability to speak. Possessive heat curls through his belly and he has a sudden, crazy urge to bury his face in Cas’ chest and breathe in.
"Would you let me, Dean?" he murmurs. One of his hands slides up Dean's chest and starts toying with his top shirt button. "Would you let me try on more? I really want to see what you look like in those little red ones."
Silence falls. The old baseboard heaters pop and crackle. Jack's making snuffling noises in his sleep. Cas is heavy and warm against his side, smelling like clean laundry and lavender soap, his t-shirt soft underneath Dean’s palm. They don't have anything to do tomorrow. No homework or chores or other people to consider. Just them and Jack in this big old house.
Cas wraps a second towel around the first and puts Dean's uninjured hand on top of it. "Keep putting pressure on it," he orders. "Don't stop. Keep pressing down. I'm calling 911."
Dean shoves the horrible scratchy sheets aside, looks down at himself, and nearly chokes.
"What's the matter with you?" Sam barks at him. "You broke formation, you didn't signal, then you wander off and get cornered? Are you drunk or something?"
“No, but you
"You," he gasps, pointing at Cole's stupid, glaring face, "you... you absolute
There's a sudden burst of hysterical laughter. Dean turns around to see Cas, still sitting on the couch with Jack cradled in his arms, literally shaking with mirth.
“Fifty!”
Dean gulps. "You should know," he says faintly, "I'm afraid of heights."
Ben pouts but does as he’s told. “If you see Santa, tell him I changed my mind about the roller blades. I want hockey skates instead.”
“Hey, no problem.” The stranger sounds amused.
“All for you, baby.” Dean’s eyelids flutter closed, and for a while he just lies still and enjoys the touches, still marveling at the fact that they can
That doesn’t help in the slightest. Dean shakes his head. “I am sorry,” he says. “It seems you are right. I can’t remember.”
at him. “I know you’ll be a good boy for me. Won’t you?”
"Guess so." Dean's grin fades. "Got a call from my dad before you woke up. He wants me to come in so we can 'talk.'" He puts air quotes around the last word.
Cole finds his voice. "You don't speak for everyone here."
"So what if I am? You're wearing mine, aren't you?"
he thinks.
Cole just rolls his eyes and bends over to unlace his boots. Victor turns to Dean with a "what the hell?" expression.
The man (at least Dean
to. Even if I could just kiss him and hold his hand and fall asleep with him on the couch, that would be
Oh, sweet Jesus. This is definitely gonna kill him.
“Yes,” Cas says. “I can.”
“You want me to take him?” Sam offers.
“What?” he says defensively.
Castiel has never gone skydiving, but he did go bungee jumping once in college. This is the same thing, right? Just a few extra thousand feet between him and solid ground.
"So do you." Cas is rubbing his palm over his own cock, and Dean can see the head peeking out over the waistband, red and glistening with precome. "God, Dean, you don't know what you do to me."
“You do realize what this means,” Cas says once they reach the Impala.
"You're welcome." Then, without another word, Cas turns away and starts limping down the alley.
not sexy. "No," he says at last. "I want to be close to you."
It's been a year since they became friends, but it didn't take long for Dean to realize that what he feels for Cas isn't just friendly. It's way more than that, and it's terrifying. Charlie is the only one who knows, but the little punk refuses to help him out, even a little bit. Keeps saying he's gotta figure it out himself or some crap like that. Which he will. If he can just work up the nerve.
“Not optional,” Dean says cheerfully, giving Ash and Jack a parting wave. “Get in the car.”
“We will?” Gabe says, sounding less than enthused.
Dean climbs onto the mattress and leans against the headboard, heart pounding. "Gonna put on a little show for me, Cas?" he says, trying to sound flirty, but the words come out high and breathless.
other irritating qualities, Dean is incredibly clumsy and knocks things over with alarming frequency. He's broken three of Castiel's possessions already, including a priceless brass telescope used during the Men of Letters' first polar expedition in 1823. Castiel
Cas turns in his chair just in time to receive a full-body slam from their son, who's practically vibrating with excitement.
Cas raises an eyebrow. "Someone like you?"
They reach the row of faculty offices on the first floor. The door to 106 is open, and Dean's heart leaps when he sees his husband sitting at his desk, laptop open, papers spread out everywhere, reading glasses nearly slipping off his nose. Cas shares a tiny office with two other grad students, but he's still managed to stake out his own space with a spider plant and a framed photograph of himself, Jack, and Dean all crammed together in an armchair, laughing uproariously at some long-forgotten joke. Cas' tie is on backwards again, and there's an uneaten sandwich next to his elbow. Still such a scatterbrain, Dean thinks fondly.
“I would miss you an awful lot if you left. And Jack would miss you too.”
"That's your main takeaway from what I said?" Castiel says, hoping his voice comes out steadier than his heartbeat. "You really
The couch creaks violently as someone sits on the other end of it. Cas turns his head and sees a guy with green eyes staring at him.
Dean isn’t sure what to do. He
"Dean called me while he was in the ambulance," Charlie explains, giving him a hug. "I was at Einstein's Bagels studying so I was like two minutes away."
,” Dean insists. The tips of his ears are getting uncomfortably hot. “He’s just a guy. That I met. A friend. Well, not really a friend
"Good." Cas reaches for the doorknob. "I'll just… go now."
They wander downtown, going in and out of shops. Not to buy anything, just to look around. Dean is equally immature in that environment, trying on stupid hats and turning on everything battery-operated within reach. Cas has to shoo him out of several stores when staff start throwing them dirty looks.
have your own apartment."
"Well, I'm not," Cole says flatly. "I don't want a goddamn
his room. And he definitely does
Dean folds his arms and pouts. “It's
snicker
“This my niece, Mary Ellen Winchester. Product of these two dorks, my brother Sam and my sister-in-law Eileen.”
Castiel decides that it's probably something most introductory texts don't cover and focuses his search on more advanced levels of spellcraft.
He debates about the rest of his clothes for quite a while. Logically, he should wear Dean's usual attire, but he just can't bring himself to put on anything that could be featured on the cover of
"God, Dean." Cas is staring down at his cock and balls, watching Dean handle them with soft, gentle touches. "So gorgeous. I love seeing this part of you."
Cas sighs and comes into the room. “I just don’t feel very prepared for tomorrow,” he says, collapsing on the bed.
"You need to lie down."
“Why not?” Mary protests. “I just thought it would be fun to look through them. You were so
“Dean Winchester, I am
“And there’s Dean with baby Sam at the hospital.” Mary smiles down at the faded photograph. Four-year-old Dean is sitting in a chair, a huge grin on his chubby face, sneakered feet dangling off the floor. Sam is just a wrinkled red face poking out from a blanket in Dean's lap. “He was
"Forgetting something, Trenton?" Victor calls.
They kiss until Cas is practically rutting against Dean's thigh, letting out little pathetic whines. Dean's pretty much losing his mind too, so he pulls away from Cas and looks up at him.
Dean insists that Cas stay at Sigma Zeta instead of going back to his dorm, reasoning that they have plenty of space now that everybody's gone for winter break. Cas only protests a little bit. His single room is not much bigger than a walk-in closet and he can't quite imagine trying to take care of a baby in such cramped quarters, so he eventually agrees to stay here, at least for the holidays.
It’s a stranger. Standing in the middle of his living room.
Emotion wells up in Dean’s chest. He wants nothing more than to wrap Bobby in a hug, but he also doesn’t feel like getting punched in the jaw, so he just mutters a thank-you and tucks the envelope into his pocket, resolving that next year,
“Dude,” Gabriel exclaims. “Are you insane? You’ve known these people for what? A week?”
“And did you?” Dean asks at last. “See me?”
him. "Sounds good."
“Anytime, buddy. Anytime.”
Sam sighs, long and heavy. "I'm just glad you're okay," he says, patting Castiel's shoulder. "Come on, let's get back to the jet and let the cleanup crew do their jobs, all right?"
"Seriously?" Ash squints at Cole like he's never seen him before. "I knew you were a dick, Trenton, but I didn't think you were
Manuel's eyes narrow. "Everybody heard about it," he says. "It was all over the news."
His sandy-blond hair is long and stringy and clearly hasn't been washed in weeks. His cheeks are gaunt and there are dark circles under his eyes. He's lost a lot of weight since Cas saw him last and his clothes hang off him like a scarecrow's. His grin is far too wide, his eyes are darting all over the place, and he's trembling slightly.
"You taste
gets to be the guy who holds Cas' hand and takes him on dates.
“He’s got a point,” Gabe mutters.
The first time Cas meets Dean is during freshman year, in the living room of a dimly lit house that smells of beer and body odor. Gabriel has disappeared upstairs with a couple of co-eds and Cas is sitting alone on a lumpy, sagging couch, wishing very much that he was back in his dorm room watching
12:05 PM: By lunchtime, Castiel is frazzled. Even more so when he doesn't get a chance to eat, because everyone at HunterCorps apparently decided to visit the library over the noon hour and all of them need that book or translation or artifact
"I capiche," Cas says, his lips twitching slightly. "Let's go in."
mingling with the dirty, smelly humans.”
"Gabe," Cas says, surprised. "I had no idea you were doing so well. You mean to tell me that your filthy, disgusting habit is actually making steady money?"
Apparently Castiel touched a nerve. Good. It's about time Dean learned some respect.
"Cas!" Dean barks. "Listen to me. I've been leading operations for years, and one of the first things I notice about a person is whether they can handle themselves in the field. You can do this. I know you can. Now go kick ass."
"Cas," Dean mumbles, still awed by how deep and sexy his voice sounds. "You've been holding out on me, buddy."
Oh my God, that dude is
“English,” Dean repeats, then snorts. “It’s so weird. Like, why do they teach English to people who already speak English?”
Something raw and primal floods through Cas' body, a gut instinct to
“I could quiz you,” Dean suggests.
“You, too,” Charlie says, then catches sight of Castiel standing awkwardly off to one side. “Who’s your friend?”
Cas' head jerks up, his eyes wide, and heat rushes up Dean's face. “We’re not a couple!” Dean splutters.
Dean sits down on a rickety barstool and taps his knuckles against the wood. The bartender looks up. "¿Qué quieres?" he grunts, clearly peeved at being interrupted from playing Candy Crush or whatever the fuck.
"Zero regrets," Gabe declares, stuffing his mouth full of peanut M&Ms. "I hope the son of a bitch reads it."
He walks slowly towards the tree, watching the shape. When he gets closer, he sees that it’s a bird. Its wings are flapping, but it isn’t flying away.
Fear flashes through him. "What's going on?"
"Dude, it's me. Open up." It's bizarre hearing his own voice answer him, especially in such a casual tone. Castiel is positive that he's never used the word
He pulls Cas behind a stack of shipping containers. It's dark and quiet back here, the hustle and bustle of the hangar reduced to a soft background hum. Cas leans against a large wooden crate, gripping his knee with one hand, face drawn and pinched.
read those books."
Sam makes a frustrated sound. “Horrible. It’s physically impossible for the human brain to store this much information, I swear.”
“Okay!”
Over the next day or two, he catches himself pretending that he and Dean are together— when they take Jack for a walk, when they drive out to Mineral Point to visit Mary, when they find new ways to make Jack laugh. He daydreams about the future. Nothing specific, just vague, pleasant images of him and Dean raising Jack, maybe in an apartment or even a house. And with those ridiculous fantasies comes the not-so-ridiculous realization that he doesn't want to give Jack up. Cas wants to keep Jack safe and whole and happy for the rest of his life, even if he has to do it by himself.
Dean growls. "Will you
A dull buzzing sound catches his attention and Castiel glances over at the nightstand. A slim, slate grey smartphone is resting on its surface, lighting up with an unknown number. Maybe it belongs to the person who lives here?
Gabe snorts. “Let’s just say our mom sure knows how to pick ’em. Frankly I’m amazed Luke’s the only one who’s produced a child out of wedlock. That’s why I always wear two condoms when I'm doing the deed.”
Dean works as quickly as he can, cursing himself for not investing in better quality tools. Next time, he's splurging on some damn Black & Decker. Ten minutes later, he's finally ripped out a big enough section for a person to squeeze through.
"Maybe?" Castiel prompts.
“I don’t feel good,” Dean says abruptly, then stands up. “I think I’m gonna go puke. Be right back.” He stumbles out of the living room. Cas hears the front door open and close, which he assumes means that Dean went outside to vomit in the yard. At least he didn’t do it on Cas or the couch.
"Very good," Castiel praises, pressing a kiss to Dean's calf. "Just relax. Open for me. That's it." He eases his finger inside bit by bit, marveling at how easily Dean's body yields to him. He fits all of one finger inside and swirls it around, watching Dean's mouth go slack.
"Second," Dean admits, lowering his gaze. "First was in high school. Didn't do much, just made out and... kinda dry humped."
they were human, too. Not an easy thing to do, but I’m just that awesome.”
"No. I just don't like talking about them."
“Ten bucks!” a girl shouts.
“I’m sorry,” he stammers, his face heating.
It's Gabe's turn to roll his eyes. "As much as I like to maintain my image as an immature and irresponsible playboy, Samuel, I
Cas smiles slightly. "You
"No." Castiel sounds remarkably calm. "After I killed her" —he points down at the second wolf— "I heard more sounds coming from the end of the tunnel, so I went to investigate." He pauses. "Apparently they were guarding a nest."
"Cole doesn't want Jack here."
“Superman?” Castiel repeats, looking down at Ben with that same head tilt from earlier. “No.”
him and
Without conscious thought, Dean lifts his hand and presses it against Castiel’s cheek, rough with stubble. Castiel’s eyes flutter closed and he leans into the touch, humming softly. Dean’s throat feels tight. Memories are flooding his senses— soft silky feathers, gentle nibbles on his ear, squawks and trills and chirps.
“Can’t you fly?” Dean asks, concerned.
“I’ll decide on Thursday,” Cas says distractedly. “I’ll be done by then.”
to get where I am, and my dad had nothing to do with it. I do my job, same as everybody else."
To his surprise, the man shakes his head. “It is I who am indebted to you,” he replies, and that familiar deep voice makes Dean shudder again, though for slightly different reasons this time.
"Give him the card, Jack," Dean says, his grin broadening.
Dean frowns at him. “Okay,” he says slowly, and follows Sam out into the hall. Once they’re out of earshot, he folds his arms and stares at his brother. “What?”
Cas considers. "If it's not inconvenient for you," he says, sounding hesitant, "then, yes. I could use some support."
"I wanted to apologize," Cas mumbles, shuffling into the kitchen. "I was upset and I took it out on you. That wasn't fair."
Damn it. He pushed too fast. "Si," Dean mumbles. "Lo siento."
“I believe that was the conclusion of Chapter Four.” Cas lifts an arm and does air quotes with one hand. “Working title, ‘Getting Nailed and Railed.’”
Gabe has already snatched the envelope out of Mary’s hands. “Awww, look at little baby Dean-o!” he crows, flipping through the Polaroids like they’re a deck of cards. “Man, you were a
Dean's been in the nursery a hundred times, but he's never taken time to really look at Cas' bed before. He's forgotten just how freaking small it is. Shit. Maybe this is a bad idea.
"Fine," Cesar says. He's still red in the face, but he doesn't sound angry anymore. "Wasn't really planning on coming out today, but whatever. Asshole needed a reality check."
Dean’s eyes are closed, his face deathly pale, and Castiel kneels beside him, fear threatening to engulf him again. He cannot lose Dean. If he dies, their bond will be severed, and Castiel doesn’t know if he can survive such a loss. If he hadn’t been banished, things might be different, but for now, he’s alone.
“Hey!” Dean yells again. Without conscious thought, he starts running towards the house.
"I'm not sure," Castiel says slowly, doing his best to hide his eagerness. "I always feel unsettled after a hunt is over. It's hard to relax."
Dean's expression turns sour. "Well, I'm
"Last kill was three days ago," Dean says. "He's gotta be getting pretty hungry."
you," Rowena says, aghast. "That would completely defeat the point."
8:29 AM: Castiel's day is not off to a good start. He spills his coffee after only two sips, staining his favorite tie, and is forced to endure both caffeine withdrawal and a cold, wet damp spot on his chest for the rest of the morning.
Dean glances around guiltily, then hooks a thumb into his underwear, pulls it away from his waist, and peeks inside.
“I don’t know. I’ve never tried it.”
He really hopes Cas will come home with them for winter break this year. He wants to show Cas his childhood home and share all their family Christmas traditions with him. And maybe, once he gets Cas away from all the stress of college and the prying eyes and ears of his roommates, he can finally get up the nerve to tell Cas how he feels.
“Shut. The fuck. Up.” Dean glares at him. “You are sleep-deprived and sad and stressed out, and that is the
"Dean," Cas breathes, and it's the sexiest way anyone's
Dean lets out a noise somewhere between a gasp and a grunt, scrambling to find the edge of the sheet so he can pull it over himself, but it's too late. Cas is standing in the center of the room, a red hoodie dangling limply from his hand, staring at Dean with huge eyes.
“It’s all right,” Castiel says, turning those blue, blue eyes on him. “I don’t mind.”
"I was skeptical at first," Cas says conversationally. "But I have to admit they're quite comfortable."
Life’s been hard since Lisa died. Sometimes really hard. Dean’s doing the best he can, but he worries it’s not enough, that Jack and Ben aren’t getting enough of his time, his attention, his love. It’s an old fear, brought on by memories of his own childhood, when his mom died and his dad coped by hitting the bottle and distancing himself from everyone, especially his sons. Deep down, Dean’s afraid he’s going to make the same mistakes, even though Sam and Bobby and the rest constantly reassure him that’s never going to happen.
Cas cradles Jack in his arms and bounces him gently, humming under his breath. When Charlie returns, she plops down next to Cas and offers him a paper cup filled with cold water, which he drinks gratefully. "Thank you," he murmurs.
Dean is nearby, and he’s in terrible pain.
"No one," he mumbles, speaking more to Cas' chest than to his face, because this is embarrassing and he kind of wants to sink into the floor, "no one's
“Like Superman,” Jack adds.
“We already have a relationship, Dean,” Cas says, sounding puzzled.
Luke lets out another maniacal giggle that sends shivers down Cas' back. "That's hilarious. That's fucking hilarious. Classic Gabe. Always gotta be the clown." He points at Cas. "But not you. You're the responsible one, Cassie. You've been taking care of my baby boy while I've been gone, and I am so, so grateful for that. Really. Truly. I am touched."
Dean rolls his eyes. “Eat some cereal, okay? Or Eggos. I ain’t paying for dentures until you’re at least ten.”
, if that’s something Dean wants. There are flecks of snow in Cas’ hair, his cheeks are pink with cold, and he’s so damn beautiful Dean can hardly stand it.
“I am, actually. ‘The Complete Guide to Pleasuring Dean Winchester, Volumes One and Two.’”
“Dean, I’m not going to last, I’m going to—”
When he reaches the end, she doesn’t say anything for a minute or two, just gazes thoughtfully across the snowy ground to where Cas is pushing Jack and Ben on swings.
“Aha!” Sam cackles. “There’s your ‘I Wuv Hugs’ shirt. And your first birthday where you got pie all over yourself.”
“Yep, he’s our dad!” Jack says. “He fixes cars and he makes really good macaroni and cheese and reads us stories.”
"Sorry." Dean sets the box down and starts picking at his fingernails instead. Castiel can't decide if that's better or worse. "Uh, it was about the size of a human, maybe a little taller. Two legs, glowy green eyes, big horn in the center of its forehead. And an
more jacked than he has any right to be. Who knew the world's dorkiest librarian was hiding so much muscle under his frumpy clothes? Not to mention all those tattoos on his arms, shoulders, chest, and… oh dear God, are those
underwear; it only makes sense for him to wear Dean's, right? Castiel's not sure what the etiquette is here, but he has to admit that he's sort of desperate to see what Dean looks like in lingerie.
“He falled from the sky,” Ben says helpfully.
"And is that…" Cas takes a tight, shallow breath. "Are you going to be okay with that?"
“’Sup bitches,” Victor says, kicking people’s feet out of the way as he sits down.
"Leave me alone, Dean," Cas says through clenched teeth. "I'm in a lot of pain."
The police stop him before he reaches the house. Dean fights them as hard as he can, vaguely aware that he's screaming at the top of his lungs
Dean shrugs, but he can feel his ears turning warm from the praise.
“Where is he?” Zachariah demands.
of you get this little guy sick, I'll break your faces."
“God had a plan,” he says, “and I think it involved you. Or someone like you." His brows knit together as though he's trying to remember. "I didn’t believe in the plan. I wanted to forget everything, shed my old skin, be reborn. I wanted to be something other than a tool. So I made a deal with Lucifer. A thousand years of torture in Hell, and I would be reborn as an aggel, which is a demon of angelic origin. Then I would be free to live my life the way I wanted." He rolls his eyes. "But I’m still not really free. I just serve a different master now. Lucifer conveniently forgot to mention that little detail when we were making our deal.”
"Dean, are you listening to me?"
"I—" Castiel swallows. "I'm not really— I don't think I should be doing this. I might put us in danger."
“Birdie,” Dean whispers. “Is that you?”
“I like you, Cas,” Dean announces, reaching over and slapping Cas’ knee, making him wince. “You’re so
"Ass," Dean mutters, tightening his grip. "Make it quick, okay?"
like this, eyes closed, mouth open, head thrown back, exposing the long, tan column of his throat.
“Dad.”
of those books my mom gave you?”
threatens my little brother."
"Cas?" The voice on the other end sounds just as freaked out. "Castiel, is that you? Talk to me."
Dean rolls his eyes, but he's grinning. "You are such a weirdo. I'll set up an account for you later." He pats Cas' shoulder. "Let's get you and Jack settled in."
Yeah. It’s definitely the best night he’s had in a while. Maybe ever.
“That is not what I meant and you know it. Stop twisting my words.”
Castiel shakes his head. “My father hasn’t contacted me in years, and our mother’s completely fed up with Luke’s behavior. She cut him off from the family money and wrote him out of the will, which I think was a wise decision.”
"What's the matter?" Glitter Face sneers. "Don't you wanna party? I bet you're great at getting down." He smirks, eyes traveling over Dean's body. "Or maybe
He feels Cas tense slightly. "Arthur?"
HAHAHA YES
"Eeeee!" Jack replies, flailing his chubby arms.
“I love you, too.” Cas cups Dean’s cheek and gently turns his head so they’re facing one another. The softness in Cas’ eyes is almost overwhelming, but Dean forces himself to keep looking.
been as scared as he is right now. He just went to Target to buy diapers, and now there's a swarm of police outside the house and Cas' brother Luke is being shoved into the back of a squad car. Terror floods his system as he puts the car in park, jumps out and sprints across the street without even looking both ways. He nearly gets hit by a car in the process, the words
After retrieving his freshly washed sheets and pillowcases from the laundry room and putting them on his bed, Dean takes a quick shower and gets himself squeaky clean in all necessary places. Then he goes back to his room, towel slung low around his waist and a little bounce in his step. Fuck, he needs this. It's been way too long.
“I didn’t,” Cas says, his smirk widening. “Until now.”
Cas makes an unhappy sound and tries to capture his mouth again, but Dean ducks, shaking his head. “We gotta go. I promised Jody I’d pick them up by nine.”
awake enough for this. “I slept well.”
Dean grins. "El silencio es oro, huh?"
Two days into break, Cas is sitting in the living room with Jack, watching him wriggle around on his playmat, when he hears a loud clatter in the kitchen, followed by a string of curse words.
right then and there, without a shadow of a doubt, that he wants to spend the rest of his life kissing Cas. And isn’t that an amazing, beautiful, terrifying thought?
“You still could have given me a little more detail,” Missouri snaps. “You damn near gave me a heart attack with that text.” She turns back to Cas with a sigh. “And you got no family?”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, hardly daring to move. “S’real nice. You comfy?”
That gets a chuckle out of Dean. "Nah," he says, "that's just a perk. Superman—" He cuts off abruptly as the sound of a low growl reaches his ears. Quickly he hands the flashlight to Castiel and reaches for his gun.
“You left me,” he says, voice wavering. “You were my best friend. We went everywhere together. And then one day, you were just…gone.”
“Is something wrong?” Cas asks.
Bile rises up in Dean's throat. "How many?" he croaks.
"Caaas," he whines. "You can't just say things like that."
leave me out of your shenanigans from here on out?”
“YOU’RE MY BEST FRIEND!” the toy sings happily.
“Well, I do.” Dean takes Ben by the shoulders and pries him off Castiel. “Hey, you and Jack go get stuff to make a bed on the couch, okay?”
Cas scowls and it shouldn’t be adorable, but it
aviator sunglasses.
Dean’s stomach turns upside down. “What?” he snaps. “No.”
“Jeez. You’ve had a tough ride, little man.” Dean offers his pinkie finger to Jack, and the infant's tiny hand instinctively curls around it. “But you’ve got two uncles who are gonna take real good care of you.” He looks up at Cas, eyes narrowed. “Right?”
"Oh, don't be like that. Look, I have them too." Castiel touches the skin around Dean's eyes gently. "It's what happens when you're almost forty."
Soft pillows... smooth sheets... delicious wet warmth enveloping his cock…
He pushes aside the thin, sweat-soaked sheets, sits up, and immediately wishes he hadn't because his entire ass feels like it's on
It's surprisingly easy to get past security as Castiel. Dean spun some bull about having to deliver an important presentation to senior staff and the guards let him right in. Now he's walking down the hallway towards the hangar, ignoring any strange looks he gets from passing hunters.
"We should take him to the union tomorrow," Ash says. "Way more exposure. All those moms visiting their kids."
Because he had to find ones that were comfortable. He tried them on and looked at them and felt them against his skin. And he handled Dean's dick and balls while doing it. Sweet Jesus.
“Can he, Dad? Please?” Jack jumps up and down.
“So,” he says, the word coming out in a burst. “I’ve been thinking. Graduation is less than two months away.”
"Thanks, Dean," Cas says, giving him a soft smile, and Dean immediately feels better. Jesus. He's so gone on this man, it's not even funny.
Should he ask Cas to move in with him after graduation? Would that be weird? What if Cas decides that he and Jack need a place of their own? Or worse, what if he decides he doesn't want to take care of Jack anymore? The thought sends a cold tingle of fear through Dean. He doesn’t want this to end. He loves coming home to Cas and Jack every day, loves curling up with Jack on the couch while Cas studies or provides snarky commentary on whatever they’re watching. He loves it when Jack does something new, like lifting his head or making a funny sound. And he finds himself fantasizing about the future, even though it’s incredibly stupid and he’s setting himself up for disappointment. They haven’t heard a word from Luke since he left Jack, but the threat of him coming back is always there, an ominous thing hovering over them like a stormcloud.
"Cool it with the mushy stuff, okay?" he mumbles, even as he leans into Cas' touch.
"Sinful," Cas murmurs, caressing Dean's ribs, making him shiver. "Absolutely sinful. Take off your jeans, sweet boy."
But it's not Dean who’s pinning Luke to the floor. It's someone else. And it’s just about the last person Cas expected to see.
"Impala," Dean grits out. His whole body is trembling with what Castiel can only assume is anticipation. "My safeword is Impala."
Dean scrambles to obey, his cock bobbing almost comically as he straddles Castiel's hips. He looks absolutely
Cas' hand stills. "Then maybe you should stop trying," he says, and the words tear at something deep in Dean's soul. "Be who
"You have no idea how difficult my job is," Castiel snaps. "It requires levels of intelligence you could never hope to achieve."
"I think," Castiel says slowly, reaching out a hand to still Dean's nervous fidgeting, "that you should do what makes you happy." He pauses, choosing his next words carefully. "I don't think you're very happy working for your dad."
nah I'm good :winking:
Castiel takes off his pajamas slowly, watching in utter fascination as each inch of bare skin is revealed. Dean is slightly taller than him, but has a much lighter frame. Those bulky sweaters and jackets he wears are probably supposed to make him look larger, but there's absolutely no need for that. Dean is beautiful just like this— broad shoulders and muscled arms, slender waist and narrow hips, long strong legs bowing out slightly, perfect for wrapping around someone's waist. Castiel can't help running his (Dean's) hands over his chest, admiring every bit of sun-kissed, freckled skin, brushing over dusky pink nipples and soft blond hair, frowning at each scar and bruise. It doesn't seem like Dean takes good care of himself. Injuries like these are easy to heal with a little help from HunterCorps' slew of medical staff. He makes a mental note to ask Dean why he looks so banged up when he's got access to the best healthcare on the planet.
"All that stuff Rowena said. Step inside each other's shoes. The truth will set you free. Maybe she meant it literally."
Dean attempts to sit up, but falls back with a grimace. “Hurts,” he croaks.
Dean.
"Why?"
. Besides, when is he ever going to get another chance to wear Armani?
him. Cas loves
"Yeah." Dean's mouth falls slightly open as Cas tugs on the hem of his panties, exposing more of his hard cock. "Looks so good. Wish I could feel it."
"For the last time," the red-haired witch sighs, closing an enormous spellbook and flicking a speck of dust off its cover, "I
Sam gives him a funny look. "Well,
Cas resists the urge to roll his eyes. “Yes.”
Well. That’s not entirely true. He’s still having trouble sleeping, just for different reasons.
“Ten minutes!” Ben yells. This is a huge sore spot between them. “You’re only
"Yes," Castiel says. "Very."
"Good." Dean cracks open the seal. "More for me."
“We are not raising a baby in that den of iniquity you call a living space,” Cas growls.
“I know.”
Cas is
The boys whine a little, but they’re obviously tired too, because it only takes a single Dad Look™ from Dean before they’re trudging upstairs.
"She was nice, you know? My dad loved her so much. It killed him when she died." Dean feels a lump form in his throat. "Maybe he would be nicer if she was still alive."
It's better than Castiel ever dreamed. Dean is so pliant and needy and eager to please that it's making Castiel's head swim. Never has he tasted anything so sweet, so sinfully good. He pulls off Dean's boxers slowly, savoring the gradual reveal of his slender hips and tight, perfect ass. When he's gotten the underwear off completely, he leans down and licks a long, hot stripe up Dean's crack, making him cry out in surprised pleasure.
Mary turns around, and Cas’ first thought is that it’s obvious where Dean and Sam get their good looks from. Mary is tall, blond, and willowy, with soft eyes and a gentle smile. “Hello, Cas,” she says, and her voice is gentle too. “Dean’s told me so much about you.”
"I should, should I?" Cas sounds mildly amused. "Dean Winchester, spoiled rich boy and lifestyle coach."
"Why?" Castiel tilts his head. "Is there an age limit on the people you fuck?"
"Here." Dean hands his phone to Cas. "Take a video while I do the face."
"That makes sense, actually." Dean nods slowly. "All his victims have either been really young or really old, which could mean he's not strong enough to take down an adult yet. Maybe he got turned pretty recently, or maybe he's not used to hunting alone." His face hardens. "Or maybe he's a sick fuck who just
"Would you stop talking about my panties?" Dean grumbles, exasperated.
himself melt.
“Fuck off,” Dean says amiably, pushing Cas up the stairs and through the front door. “You like pizza, Cas?”
"No one says that," Sam sighs.
"But—"
Castiel is still there, his wild dark hair sticking out from under the covers, face smoothed out in sleep.
"Drink it all," he instructs, kneeling next to Dean. "Then you're getting on the goddamn couch."
Dean lifts his arm, still grinning. "Get in here, doofus."
3:45 PM: Castiel is in an absolutely foul mood. Not even a flirtatious smile from Rowena, the red haired Scottish witch who comes in twice a week to sweep the library for curses, improves his temper. Rowena seems to sense this and gives him a wide berth, murmuring incantations under her breath as she flits among the stacks.
The final step is putting Jack to bed. Thankfully Missouri had an old bassinet stored in her basement that’s in pretty decent shape. Dean cleans it up and makes sure it’s still structurally sound, and then Cas spreads a blanket over the foam pad to make a cozy sleeping place. They decide to keep the bassinet in the living room for now. Jack’s going to need feeding every couple hours, so it makes sense for his bed to be near the kitchen.
“Sorry, kiddos,” Gabriel says. “Most angels can’t be away from Heaven that long. Messes with their mojo. I mean,
“That is good,” Castiel says.
He stretches out on the bed, enjoying the feel of crisp, clean sheets, and gazes at his reflection. The skimpy underwear can barely contain his cock— the reddening tip of it peeks out over the hem, already drooling precome. He starts tensing and relaxing his pelvic muscles, watching the way it makes his dick twitch and strain against the fabric, sucking in a sharp breath as the lacy inseam rubs against his balls. He brushes a thumb over his cockhead and teases the slit, making more precome ooze out, moaning softly at how good it feels.
like to do that again.”
There was only one worker stationed behind the desk - Dean didn’t need to read her nametag to know it was Jo - and the lobby itself was void of any tourists.
“See?” Cas said, sounding relieved. “Just a minor inconv-”
Dean had said it himself; they would be better off if they just acted as a team. But he chose to ignore his own advice and carry on with his day, ignoring Cas to the best of his ability.
With Dean’s bag slung over his shoulder and Cas eagerly walking in the direction of the so-called mountain, they trekked through the woods. They had begun to make themselves a path, seemingly because they took the same route every time they went inland. It was easy enough to follow the trampled leaves through the thick jungle.
Cas laid down his newspaper and smiled at Dean, who was taking a seat on the edge of the bed. Dean smiled back and placed his hands nervously on his knees. Dean was the one to ask what he was sure they were both thinking.
Dean freed himself from his seatbelt, falling onto the overturned wall of the helicopter with a
“We have to do something,” Cas said sharply.
At least when he got on the plane with Charlie to come to Great Abaco he had something good waiting for him at the end of flight. Now all he has to look forward to is probably bad news. He hadn’t heard any updates from Sam and as much as he tried to wriggle some information out of his little brother, the only response he got was
Dean nodded his head wearily. He knew that on any other occasion he would be complaining about how stiff the hospital mattress seemed to be, but anything was luxurious when compared to sleeping on the jungle floor.
“Woah, Cas, pump the brakes!” Dean exclaimed. Cas was on top of him but it seemed like he didn’t even realize Dean was underneath him, lying on dirt from the collision he had just caused. “Are you alright?”
When Dean did finally decide to crack open his eyelids, the fantasies of being back home quickly washing away, the first thing he noticed wasn’t the trees or the bright sun. It was the hunger. It had begun to eat at his insides, creeping up his body to the point where it was going to give him a headache. He knew they couldn’t make it the rest of the day just on coconut meat. They would have to figure out how to catch something, be it fish or crab or hell- Dean would even eat a frog at this point.
“Dean, I-” Castiel paused and inhaled. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
But they were stuck. They were stuck all alone on an island in the middle of the Atlantic ocean, chewing on an old granola bar and leaving the most important things unsaid.
“How you feeling?” Dean asked. Cas soon joined him in the sunshine, clutching onto his jacket.
“Can you move?” Dean asked. He could see the way Cas’s body was twisted; there was no way he was going to get out of this one without some damage.
Dean shook his head. “You need to take it easy- I won’t be too long. Try not to die while I’m away, yeah?”
Dean stood helplessly in place as Cas rolled down the mountainside, banging against every rock in his path. He eventually got caught up in a large bush, bringing him to a stop. Dean scrambled to the edge, careful not to make the same mistake as his pilot friend.
Dean could already feel his back beginning to ache and his legs begin to fall asleep, but he knew better than to move. Instead, he reached over- careful not to wake Cas- and turned the lamp off. He clicked the TV off and tossed the remote to the side.
“What now?”
Adopted. Of course. “Gabriel said you guys grew up here?”
“We’re here!” He couldn’t help but shout. If the helicopter pilots hadn’t seen their smoke signal or the giant SOS they had written in the sand, he doubts shouting would have done them much good.
Sam cocked his head.
Or maybe he could. Maybe Castiel was reckless and he knew the risks of going out in the storm but decided to fly anyway. Maybe he was an awful person who stole from tourists and exchanged helicopter tours for other kinds of goods.
.” He didn’t really know what he was expecting; maybe another island nearby? Maybe they would see a boat on the horizon? But there was nothing. Dean felt uneasy and he clutched his stomach, suddenly fueled with the desire to vomit.
he just ate sitting on the table in the form of a plate coated with sandwich crumbs. If he wasn’t hungry for food, what else could he be hungry for? Castiel had been on Earth for many years and had been looking down upon humans for many years prior, but he had never heard of something that one needed as bad as food.
Cas didn’t look up. Dean knew that he had been heard, though, because Cas suddenly began to spin his stick faster, moving his hands up and down it.
“Cas?!” Dean’s voice somehow found its way through Castiel’s screaming mind.
Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t regret everything that just came tumbling out of his mouth. He felt like he had said too much, too quickly. Deep down he knew that he could ramble on about Castiel for days, but his admiration wasn’t exactly something he wanted out in the open. Well, Dean knew it was more than admiration. Hopefully, Cas didn’t.
Cas shrugged. “Probably nothing. I’m just sick of sitting around here.”
“Well, then, it was wrong of me to kiss back,” Dean replied.
The lightning came next. He had his eyes closed when the first strike hit, only knowing something had happened due to the “Motherfucker,” Cas spat into the microphone. Dean peeled his eyes open in time to see a flash of lightning, shooting down from the rain clouds and disappearing into the fog below.
“If you’re such a nervous flier, why not vacation somewhere a little closer to home?”
“Smoke signals,” Dean blurted, already on his way over towards his bag.
Dean almost expected Castiel to say that Gabriel was merely a close friend- it would make sense after all. The pair looked nothing alike. Gabriel with his shoulder-length dirty blonde hair and his laid-back attitude. Castiel probably stood half a foot taller than the guy. Along with that, their hair colors were complete opposites and they didn’t have any similar features (not that Dean had memorized every inch of Gabriel’s face, but what he could remember didn’t seem to match Castiel at all).
Castiel starts to scissor his fingers, working that sweet ass open, his cock leaking steadily against his stomach. He pulls his fingers out and thrusts back in, and Dean lets out a startled yelp when the heel of Castiel's hand smacks against his sore cheeks.
And then Cas is there. He comes out the front door with Jack in his arms, looking shaken but basically okay. Dean finally breaks free from the arms holding him back, rushes up the porch steps, and wraps them both in a tight embrace. All three of them are sobbing hysterically but Dean doesn't give a shit who's watching, because his boyfriend and his baby are safe, his family is safe, and nothing else in the world matters.
come back, you won’t be alone. There’s a lot of people in your corner.”
Dr. Mills is giving them an odd look. “Okay,” she says slowly, looping her stethoscope around her neck. “Well. Even if you guys are just friends, I think it’s a good idea for you both to have some time to yourselves. Or together. Just make sure you’re taking care of each other, as well as the baby. This is a big job.”
it. He said it
“That’s the thing, though,” Dean says, with a humorless chuckle. “We’re so different. You’re super smart, and you’ve got all these dreams of being a novelist and traveling the world. And I’m just a doofus who's probably gonna end up coaching high school football or being a douchey personal trainer. But you— you’re gonna do great things, Cas.”
Gabe’s smile drops. “Not a fucking thing. I’m gonna have to make a run to Target.”
"Actually, no." Dean's voice takes on a smug quality. "You wore nothing but boxers to bed."
"I beg your pardon?" Cas says, but he doesn't sound defensive. If anything, he sounds a bit… breathless?
"Gabe's amatuer porn is actually making decent money," Sam informs him.
"I love you too," Cas whispers back. "I'll see you in a couple hours when Jack wakes up."
he says weakly. “You
Cas' cheeks grow warm when he reads Dean's comment. Does that mean Dean thinks he's attractive? Or is he just joking and teasing like he usually does in group chat? Why are human beings so hard to figure out?
Gabriel chuckles. “Oh, we have them. You just can’t see them.”
Dean doesn't remember much of the ride to Castiel's place. The bike seat is vibrating between his legs, his dick is pressed up against Castiel's broad, warm back, and he can barely remember his own fucking
“Cas?” Dean’s grin fades and he suddenly looks worried. “Look, I’m not trying to take over here, okay? Jack is your responsibility, I know that. I just… we just wanna help. You didn’t ask for this, but you’re doing it anyway. You deserve all the help you can get.”
"Fuck," Dean whispers. The word sounds ten times filthier (and hotter) in Castiel's raspy voice. His gaze darts across the car and lands on Castiel's crotch. The question slips out before he can stop himself. "Which ones?"
Dean frowns. “Well, yeah. You gotta have privacy, dude.” He clears his throat. “Listen, if you don’t want to use the space, that’s okay. Really. Or if you just wanna use it sometimes, that’s okay too. I won’t be offended if—”
“I don’t believe in God's grand design either," he says. "I believe in what I see in front of me. And what I see is a guy who went out of his way to save me, when he didn't have to."
Cas doesn’t move. “I’m sorry,” he says. “I was just… looking for someone.”
“Oh.” Castiel blinks. “Of course. My apologies.” He picks up the sleepwear. “Where is it?”
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice wavering. “This is…” He gestures helplessly around the room. “There are curtains. You put up
pompous ass named Arthur Ketch stopped by to ask Castiel on a
Castiel’s head snaps up. His eyes suddenly look overbright. “Yes, Dean,” he murmurs. He moves swiftly across the room until he’s kneeling at Dean’s side. “It’s me.”
Ben returns with the flashlight. Dean takes it, then sends him back to the front steps to wait with Jack. It’s no good asking the boys to go inside; this is too interesting for them to resist. Dean has to admit he’s pretty curious himself.
“Are you the father of these children?” Castiel inquires.
"How much time until he wakes up, do you think?" he murmurs, nodding over at Jack.
Dean raises his eyebrows. "My dad
to, man. Only if you want to.”
“So I disguised each angel as a human and sent them to different locations on Earth,” Gabriel explains. “Quiet, low-profile places the Council wouldn’t think to search. And to be extra safe, I made them all
"Dean! There you are!"
By the time they’re sitting down again, the auction has resumed, although Dean doesn’t hear a word of it. He and Cas can’t seem to stop smiling goofily at one another, and they still haven’t let go of each other’s hands. It should feel embarrassing and awkward and forced, but it doesn’t. It just feels good.
likes the way it gets his boyfriend all hot and bothered. Dean lets out the sweetest little whimpers and whines when Cas teases him, flushing pink all the way down from his face to his chest when Cas tells him how beautiful he looks. The praise makes Dean blush even deeper and practically squirm with embarrassment, but it also makes him come in less than a minute, so that's definitely worth exploring further.
“Attention, everyone!” Charlie’s standing onstage, microphone in hand and a huge grin on her face, which usually means she’s got something evil up her sleeve.
Dean smirks at him, secretly relieved that his teasing was able to break the tension. "Well, you
Decision made, he sets off for home, unable to keep from smiling down at the bird snuggled against his chest.
"Yeah, but
time, so it’s not going to be relaxing.”
have some savings. My last livestream made a few thousand on PornHub, and there's a studio in Chicago that wants to hire me for a shoot next month."
Wordlessly, Cas steps forward, grasps Dean’s hand with warm, trembling fingers, and lets Dean guide him down the wooden steps. Whoops and good-natured jeers follow them all the way back to their table, and Dean’s face is on fire, but that doesn’t stop him from grinning like a fool.
Dean sinks up and down once, twice, three times, then lets out a sharp, almost startled cry. His whole body seizes up and suddenly he's coming like a fucking fountain, spurting all over Castiel's stomach and chest, asshole clenching and throbbing around Castiel's cock.
“Cole’s new name is Colon,” Mohawk Guy informs him.
Dean frowns. Surely he would recall meeting such a striking man, no matter how long ago it was. “What’s your name?” he asks, hoping that will jog his memory.
"You're overdressed," Castiel observes.
"No, I—" Dean lets out a short, huffy breath. Abruptly, he veers onto a side street, pulls up to the curb, and turns off the car. "That's not what I meant. I just…" He reaches up and rubs the back of his neck, which Cas has learned means he's nervous. "I just don't want you to feel uncomfortable, Cas. I mean, I don't… I don't know what you identify as, and if I'm with you and people start making assumptions that we're together, I thought that might make you feel…I don't know, weird? I don't want a repeat of the whole Cole situation. He was horrible to you and Cesar."
Dean can't help but smile at that. And because there is literally no one else around to hear, he says what he's really thinking. "You're so fucking cute."
(See the end of the chapter for
4:31 PM: Castiel shuts down the ancient computer system, which really ought to be housed in the Hall of Crap That Hasn't Been Updated Since 1997. His back aches from hunching all day and he's looking forward to going home, cracking open a beer, and eating something with lots of melted cheese and bacon.
“Did anyone ever tell you that you look like Mr. Potato Head when you get super mad?”
"Yep, that's my room," Dean confirms. "And my bed is not
Jack lies very still on the playmat, gazing up at him with those huge blue eyes. Dean blinks a few times and sniffs, pushing back the sudden flood of emotion. Then he forces a smile and grabs hold of Jack's feet.
An awkward pause, then Dean laughs. “Just couldn’t stay away, huh?” He grabs Cas’ shoulder and steers him towards the house. “C’mon. Meet my buddies.”
“Don’t go all geeky on him, Sam,” Dean groans. “He’s not a lab rat.”
. Like he was a pile of dirty laundry.”
“Where are you going?” Cas says sharply. “Dean! Get back here. This conversation is not over.”
Cas opens his mouth to answer, but John steamrolls over him. "Did you sprain your precious little wrist? Fall down and scrape your knee? Did you need to take a timeout to go potty in the woods?"
There’s a long silence. Dean sneaks a glance at Cas. He looks stunned.
Dean lets out a long, keening wail and slams his head back into the pillows. "Oh
Cas laughs through his tears. "You are such an assbutt."
“How are you feeling?” Sam asked, “They’re pumping you full of water to deal with the dehydration.”
“Castiel,” Dean echoed. He gripped Castiel’s hand tightly, making note of how rough his skin was.
“So uh, Dean,” Castiel cleared his throat. “If you don’t mind me prying, what’s so important you had to get off the island?”
He didn’t hear anything at first, nothing besides the lapping ocean waves or the rustling of the trees in the breeze. Just as he was going to respond, he heard it. It was so faint at first that Dean could have easily mistaken it for something else at first, or maybe just not even heard it at all.
He was sure he looked like an idiot tossing his spear around the water, chasing after darting fish. They moved so quickly and he moved so slowly; it was going to be impossible to catch anything.
He pulled himself out of the cave and began to twist around, cracking his back and any joint that followed after. Dean stretched his hands far above his head and soon heard an unintelligible grumble from behind him. He turned around to see Cas lingering by the cave entrance, his hair a wreck and his eyes squinting so much they might as well be closed.
“Are you hungry?” Cas knew Dean was never fond of when he had his ‘mind read’. Something about personal space and a lack of privacy.
Dean felt like he had run out of small talk topics, so he tried to busy himself on his phone again. Not that there was much you could do at 20,000 feet, but any distraction is good enough for him. At some point, Dean had completely tuned out the thudding of the blades keeping the helicopter aloft. He didn’t think it was possible, but without Castiel’s banter, the cabin felt quiet. Dean asked a few questions here and there, but for the most part, he kept his head buried.
Castiel smiled back, tilting his head when he looked at Dean. It wasn’t the same head tilt that he had done after he hit his head. It was as if he was studying Dean, really trying to silently ask him questions and somehow expecting an answer.
He scooped up his bag, which was somehow still intact, and tossed it out through the window above him. He removed his shirt and placed it over the broken glass before pulling himself up through the hole and finally getting outside of the helicopter.
“It could still blow up,” Cas warned.
Both Dean and Cas jumped to their feet, their bodies turned in the direction of the noise. Dean’s first instinct was to start screaming, start jumping up and down and begging. He didn’t even know if this was a search team or just a helicopter passing through. They had to be smart about this.
. We like having you around, believe it or not.”
“The angels have a price on your head. They’ve grouped together and have decided that you’re the reason for everything in Heaven falling apart,” Castiel said.
Charlie wouldn’t allow them to call off the search. Dean almost smiled at the thought- Charlie  will keep looking for him. He knows she will.
They found a little dirt patch right at the edge of the jungle. They were surrounded by thick trees with deep green leaves, splaying out in all directions. It was quite beautiful in a way. Not a single human had touched those leaves- no one had planted the trees or conditioned them to grow a certain way. They were just existing. They settled down on the ground and Dean was already enjoying the relief the shade brought.
“You’re dying!” Cas yelled out. There was something wrong with Dean- something very wrong.
“Well it’s definitely broken, or at least sprained,” Dean told him. “Does it hurt bad?”
About halfway into their flight, Dean could hear Cas muttering into the headset, making comments about things Dean didn’t understand.
Dean licked away at his margarita popsicle, wishing Charlie had brought him a bottle of whiskey instead. He knew that he could have just gone to his doctor and asked for some prescribed Xanax, but when has Dean liked to do things the easy way? Spoiler alert: Never.
Castiel told himself that his readings must be wrong. If Dean had adequate levels of food and water in his system, then there was no reason for him to be starving. Cas was wrong. That was that.
Cas was on him faster than Dean could even register what was happening. Cas had him pinned up against the nearest tree, his shirt wrapped up tightly between Cas’ fists.
“Dean,” Dean interrupted. Mr. Winchester was too formal- reminded him too much of his dad.
“Dean?”
Dean stood awkwardly on the other side of the kitchen. His eyes trailed to the plate on the table and then eventually back to Cas.
Sam didn’t say anything back, but when Dean walked around him he did nothing to stop him. Dean looked up and down the hallway, seeing plenty of people shuffling themselves between rooms. It didn’t take long for a doctor to approach him.
Dean could hear Cas begin to start another sentence but he hung up the phone before any real words could be heard. Dean knew it was childish, but he didn’t care. Castiel had been disappearing at random for the past few months and every time Dean tried to confront him about it, he would disappear or dodge the question.
“Cas?!” Dean yelled out and he struggled to undo his seatbelt. They had to get out of there.
things- Dean’s fear of flying, the issue back home, or the fact that he had to leave the Bahamas four days early.
Night had fallen moments ago, shrouding the island in darkness. Dean found tranquility in watching the dark waves crash against the shoreline. He had lived in Kansas for practically his entire life and didn’t get the chance to visit the ocean much throughout his time on Earth. He regretted that. He wanted to dig his toes into the sand and drink more of those stupid brightly colored drinks. He didn’t get to do that enough. If he was going to be trapped on this island forever, one thing he would regret was not going to the beach more.
He walked over next to Cas, who was standing a little too close to the edge. He shielded his eyes against the sun by lifting his arm in front of his face, allowing himself to finally see what prompted Cas to swear.
“Did I miss anything exciting?” Dean asked. He looked away from where his legs were under the blue sheet and turned to face Sam.
It wasn’t like there was an abundance of activities to do on the island, but Dean managed to entertain himself for the majority of the day. He cracked open some more coconuts, carved his initials into a nearby tree truck like he was some disrespectful tourist, and even took a walk through their jungle backyard.
“I shouldn’t have kissed you,” Cas said. “That was wrong of me.”
“Dean, you wouldn’t understand.”
“Shut up. I’m cold,” Dean murmured.
Dean stood up, the cold linoleum floor shocking his bare feet. He suddenly realized how cold the room was, now that he was out from the comfort of his blanket and wearing nothing but a thin, blue hospital gown.
He dug through it quickly and fumbled with his lighter, quickly striking it and holding it under a palm leaf he picked up from the ground. Once lit, he tossed it into the pile of ash left over from their previous fires. Cas figured out what Dean was doing and began quickly adding scraps to the pile, trying to find anything to burn just so they could make more smoke. More smoke meant they were more noticeable.
“So that was a bust,” Dean said, disappointed that he had no findings to report back to Cas.
“Dean?” Cas questioned.
Dean nodded and noticed how Castiel’s eyes flicked down to the popsicle Dean was eating. The pilot tilted his head ever so slightly before standing up straight once again.
“Save me?” Dean questioned. “What do you mean by ‘save me’?”
“He said the earliest he can take off will be in about two hours.” She sounded rather defeated, as if she had lost a bet. “There’s a landing pad down by the docks, he said you can meet ‘em there and talk finance.”
“If I come sit over there are you going to bash my skull in?” Dean joked, already getting to his feet. He walked around the fire, careful not to trip over any stray logs, and took a seat against a tree not too far from where Cas was.
Dean could feel the familiar prickling sensation on the back of his leg. He had gotten stitches a lot throughout his childhood and didn’t find it surprising that the idea of stitches gave him some sort of comfort.
In theory, yeah, that’s what supposed to happen. But Dean could hear the hint of sadness in Cas’s voice.
“Dean, I’m being serious, you need to stay in bed.”
“Yeah, I’m listening,” He said, nodding his head slightly. “Although I would rather find a way off the island than live here in a tree house.”
Sam smiled softly and fiddled with his hands in his lap. He shook his head gently and didn’t look up when he began to speak. “He’s uh,” Sam cleared his throat, “Comatose. He got banged up pretty bad in the wreck and the doctors can’t say much.”
“At least we’ve got this,” Dean said as he stuffed his things back into his bag.
“I’m sorry,” Cas mumbled. He had pulled the shirt away from the side of his head and folded his hands in his lap. “I’m sorry I got us into this mess. I should have known that this wouldn’t end well- you aren’t supposed to go flying during storms for a reason.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll call him for you,” She grumbled, scooping up the phone that sat next to the desktop.
“Besides the hole in the side of my head?” Cas ran a hand through his matted hair. “Splendid.”
Cas passes the coconut back to Dean and tilts his head. “That’s not a half-bad idea, actually. SOS would be easier to write, but yeah. We should go do that.”
The man, assumed to be Novak, had a large jacket folded over his arm and a small bag in one of his hands. Not too many people walked up and down the docks carrying luggage while dressed in a suit. He gave a curt nod in Dean’s direction.
Cas tried to focus on Dean's energy and for just a second, just barely a second, there was another emotion mixed in with the starvation. Loneliness. “You’re touch starved,” Castiel said when it finally dawned on him.
It was no secret that sleeping on the hard ground wasn’t good for your back. Dean wanted to stay asleep as long as he could because if he was asleep he could still pretend that he was at home. He could pretend that when he opened his eyes he wouldn’t see the treetop canopies and he wouldn’t see a rugged pilot asleep about 20 feet away from him.
“You’re funny, too. Even if you don’t mean to be. Not to mention you’ve been through so much with us and even after all the crap we- after all the crap
“Are you going to yell at me now? Tell me that you aren’t worth fighting for or that you don’t deserve to be saved? Are you going to tell me to stand aside and let the angels do whatever the hell they want? I can’t do that Dean, and you know it,” Cas snapped.
“Cas?!” Dean tried again. He ran down to the beach, scanning up and down in hopes to see Cas standing out in the water or digging around the helicopter wreckage. He wasn’t. He wasn’t standing in the sun collecting shells, he wasn’t out by the rocks trying to catch crabs, he wasn’t anywhere.
Cas seemed pleased with Dean’s response but didn’t say anything in return. Instead, he pushed himself back on the bed and situated himself next to Dean. Dean smiled in approval and resumed the movie, letting the actors and dialogue take over the room.
He hadn’t gone very far when he found a small hole in the hillside. It was just wide enough for a person to get through, but when Dean peaked his head in he could see it opened into a large cave. He could hear water trickling down the rocks inside the cave and he realized that it would be the perfect spot to take shelter from the rain. It would be a tight fit for both of them, but it would have to do.
Cas kept flicking his eyes between the grey world in front of them and the screen on his dashboard, occasionally raising his hand to flip a switch or press a button. At last, the world fell quiet.
Dean could hear his blood pumping through his ears, now. What if Cas got attacked by some wild animal in the middle of the night? What if he got swept away in a rip current? What if wandered off and fell unconscious? What if a rescue plane had come and Dean wouldn’t wake up and they left him behind?
Cas was right about that. The chances of crashing into an island instead of nose diving into the Atlantic must be very slim. It was a fairly big island, at least from where Dean was sitting, so surely it couldn’t be some random unchartered gem.
He took a seat next to Dean, making sure to not sit too close in order to respect his space, of course. Cas glanced over his shoulder to see the page that Dean was reading. Just as his eyes tried to scan the page, his vision fell blurry and his head was overcome with pulsing pain. He clutched his head in his hands and closed his eyes but it was as if every warning light and emergency alarm was going off in his brain.
Dean tipped out his bag and watched the contents spill onto the ground. He didn’t have much with him. His bathing suit, a cheap souvenir, some personal items, an old granola bar and- Dean scoffed as he scooped up the square Zippo lighter. He held it up so Cas could see, flicking the top open and producing a small flame.
“How’s Dad?”
“What are you doing?” Cas asked. “You look like you’re thinking about doing something dumb.”
Cas looked unsure, but Dean patted the spot next to him on the bed as encouragement. “Ah, c’mon, Cas! We haven’t watched a movie together in ages.”
“So, Mr. Winchester-”
“Holy fuck,” Dean murmured. “I thought- maybe there would…
“Try me.”
He slipped his phone into his pocket and walked down the steps at the front of the resort, briskly making his way down the road. He was going to miss a lot of things about Great Abaco. The bright sun, the clear water and the salty breeze that accompanied it. The warm sand that stayed stuck between his toes no matter how many times he washed his feet. Soon enough he was going to be crammed into a shitty helicopter and sent on his way back home to the dreary city of Lebanon, Kansas.
Although Dean was never one for the waiting game. He leaned forwards and paused the movie, prompting Cas to let out a heavy sigh.
“Well then let’s find a way off this island!”
Cas barely raised an eyebrow at this. He tilted his head, almost encouraging Dean to go on. To tell him more.
The ride itself wasn’t very memorable. Just bits and pieces, everyone moving so quickly and carefully. Dean sat close to Cas as they both of them were being handed water after water. The people on the helicopter must have mentioned where they were going, but Dean was too distracted to remember what they said.
Dean watched nervously as she punched in the numbers and twirled the phone cord around her finger. Dean could hear the line ringing and he waited, he prayed, that the person on the other end would pick up.
“Castiel?” Dean yelled as he shook the glass of his shirt before putting it back on.
Dean sighed and shook his head. “We got caught in a storm. There was… a microburst, I think it was called. All the flights were grounded because of the weather but I-” Dean stopped before he could finish his sentence.
Dean slowly got off the ground, skeptical of Castiel’s response.
“Cas,” Dean blurted out, dropping the remote to his side. He turned to Sam with wide eyes. “Where the fuck is Cas?”
“That must be your pilot,” Charlie nudged him.
“Yeah, well, just- Goddamnit Cas, just get back here,” Dean instructed. Castiel hadn’t been at the bunker in what seemed like years, even though it was probably just a week or so because he was out doing angel crap. Or so he claims. However long he had been away, it was slowly killing Dean.
“You can just call me Castiel,” He held out a hand to shake.
“But I can’t save you!” Cas snapped back, his blue eyes locking with Dean’s.
“I regret bringing that up.”
Cas shrugged. “Thought I heard something.”
There was a deafening sound and soon red and orange flames consumed the helicopter, sending thick clouds of black smoke into the dark sky above them. They turned tail and left, backing away from the helicopter as far as they could before another section of it decided to blow up.
Cas reached over and flicked on the lamp, lighting up the bedroom. “Dean? What are you doing?”
Dean bid her a thank you and walked down the hall, not paying any mind to any of the questionable looks he got from the other doctors. He counted under his breath and he passed each door before finally reaching the sacred 401.
“The rain is going to catch up to us eventually,” Dean said, standing to his feet. “I’m going to go see if I can find a cave or something we can use as a shelter just in case,” Dean could already see Cas trying to get up.
He turned to see Cas standing outside the wreckage, staring off in the direction of the sea.
Dean didn’t understand what he meant and tilted his head to show it. “
Dean draped his forearm across his eyes, trying to shield himself from the sun. He let out a grown and tried to mumble the words “I’m tired”, but it came out as an unintelligible groan.
“Nice to see you too, Cas,” Dean shot back. “Where you been?”
They neared the clouds, Cas steering the helicopter just to the left of them, and Dean could feel the small gusts of winds that were pushing them around. Castiel’s shoulders had tightened and he had one hand on the collective lever by the side of his seat, the other wrapped tightly around the cyclic. He seemed stressed about something that was a “minor inconvenience”.
By the time Dean heard a knock at his door, it was far past dinner and he had switched from Dr. Sexy to watching whatever movie he had on DVD. He had a rather extensive collection and he knew that he shouldn’t be wasting his laptop power like this, but he couldn’t help it. He was bored.
Dean looked up from the safety of his bench to see Charlie jogging down the boardwalk, a popsicle in each hand. She strolled up alongside Dean and held out one of her hands, waiting for Dean to take the frozen treat.
Cas laughs. "True. But you could suck your own dick. I've always wanted to try that."
"Gonna come," he gasps, tugging Cas' hair in warning. "Gonna come, baby—"
"Yeah. He came by the library today. Asked me on a
For two days, Dean burns with fever. On the third day, the fever breaks and Dean falls into a deep, dreamless slumber. Castiel sleeps too, exhausted down to his very bones.
"Girl," Dean confirms, grinning so hard that his face is probably gonna break in half. "Charlie made them do the ultrasound three times just to make sure. Maybe now I'll finally have somebody who'll watch football with me."
"But what kind of truth?" Castiel frowns, trying to remember the exact words Rowena recited. "We already know a lot about each other. I, for example, know that you have a rather intense fetish for wearing women's un—"
“So,” he says slyly, “what’s in Chapter Five?”
“Dude,” Dean says, “you know ASL?”
"What the hell does that mean? You kill people?"
sick of wearing panties. They're too tight and they itch and they give me
I'm interested in doing tonight." He pauses, and his scent sharpens into an almost unbearably sweet aroma. "But I'm not sure he feels the same way."
“Ugh.” Dean flops dramatically into the armchair and covers his face with a couch cushion.
“You were busy,” Cas says, a little irritated. Dean is such a squirrel sometimes.
Dean lets out a frustrated growl and sits up abruptly, nearly knocking over his water glass. "Well, research isn't getting us anywhere. Maybe…" He trails off, eyes fixed on a point somewhere in the middle distance.
Castiel nods. “I was allowed to return, provided that I stay away from humans.” He swallows. “And I tried. Truly, I did. But I couldn’t help myself. I wanted to see what had become of the boy who saved me.”
“Are you done being stupid now?” Cas asks, sniffling.
“Ain’t nobody who deserves it more,” Bobby says gruffly. “Buy yourself something nice for once, princess. And if you ever mention this again, I’ll deck you.”
figure it out,” Dean retorts. “That’s what I’m trying to tell you. Cas is… he’s so fucking smart, Charlie. Like, genius levels of smart. And he’s so sweet and cute and his eyes are so fucking
Mary puts her arm around Dean’s shoulders and gives him a little squeeze. “Every time he calls, it’s Cas this and Cas that. I’ve started calling it the Castiel Report in my head.”
Dean waggles his eyebrows. "Why don't you see for yourself?"
Mary sighs. “Your dad was a good father in many ways, but he taught you there was only one right way to be a man. And I think when you were a teenager, especially—”
"Jesus." Dean stares at him. "Were they…"
panties, Dean."
Too late, Dean realizes he said the words out loud. Oh, well. They're supposed to be sharing secrets, after all.
"Sure, if you actually
“That’s the goal.” Jo gives Cas a long, lingering look Dean doesn’t care for one bit. “So
“Why don’t you ask Google?” Dean says, snickering.
Apparently Cas isn’t as casual as he thinks, because on the fourth day he walks by the house, one of the guys calls out to him.
for Christ’s sake.
“Not you!” Dean bellows. “I mean
"Can't remember. It's all kind of a blur."
“Yeah, yeah.” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “It was mildly entertaining, at least. Merry Christmas and all that crap. Ho, ho, ho.”
"I fed on you," Cas says bluntly. "Every time we kissed."
“You don’t have to dance,” Dean says. “You can just sit in the corner and make fun of me and Charlie.” He grins. “She’s a
Automatically Dean goes over to the light switch and flips it off, but to his relief, the room doesn't go pitch black. There's a night light plugged into the wall that casts everything in a muted orange glow. It feels soft and safe and actually makes him relax a little.
Did he go home with someone last night? He blinks, trying to remember. He went to Sam's place right after work. Had a couple glasses of wine, complained about stuffy, snot-nosed Castiel for the hundredth time, grilled the steaks because Sam always overcooks them, watched some of the World Cup, then took a cab home and went straight to bed.
“Not today.” Dean looks at the batter-crusted mixing bowls, globs of frosting, spilled flour, and burnt baking pans, and holds back a groan. He’s so tired of cleaning up messes. “Eat some real food and then you can go play. Deal?”
“No, I didn’t kill Santa,” Dean says, exasperated. There’s no sound or movement from the bushes, which probably means the guy’s knocked out. “Ben, go bring me the big yellow flashlight.”
"Yeah, well, I didn't think you would say
He hears a gritting footstep and whirls around, knife raised. Castiel is coming back down the tunnel, hands held up in a gesture of surrender.
"I'm vitamin D deficient because I haven't seen sunlight in a hundred years," Dean counters.
Cas moans and Dean feels the cock inside of him pulse once, twice, three times, and then Cas is filling him up, warm and wet, and Dean is gasping and spreading his knees wider apart on the bed, trying to open himself up more, because surrendering to Cas is the most awesome, freeing thing in the entire fucking universe.
“My apologies.” Cas takes a step back. “I was just going to ask if you could bring back some cheeseburgers, too. I’m hungrier than I thought.”
can make him stop,” he practically snarls. “Of course the magic Dean Winchester can make the demon child
"What did it look like?" he asks, putting on his glasses and rebooting the computer. It lets out a wheezy moan. "Shut up, you piece of shit," he mutters, smacking the machine lightly with his palm. "And don't touch that," he snaps at Dean, who's now fiddling with a jade cursebox that Ketch brought back from his last trip to Central America.
sheets are an 800 thread count cotton blend; these hideous things are polyester and 200 count at best.
"No," Dean croaks.
"It didn't sound like that." Castiel feels himself start to sweat. "Sam used the word 'crisis.'"
Castiel James Novak, hottest of all hot nerds, loves him, Dean Winchester, C student, king of fart jokes, and fuckup extraordinaire. He said
Gabriel snorts. “Dude, don’t compare yourself to me. You’re a seraph, not an archangel. Totally different thing.”
As terrifying as Dean's ER visit was, Cas is oddly grateful that it happened. Going through such an intense experience together seems to have broken down the barrier between them, which is good, because they have five more days of spring break to get through and Cas does not want to spend them in awkward silence.
"Well, don't. There's absolutely nothing to panic about. It's fine."
Jack seems to have decided that Cas is his responsibility, because as soon as they arrive downtown, he immediately grabs hold of Cas’ hand and doesn’t let go. He reminds Cas to look both ways before crossing the street, and points out important places Cas should know about, like the ice cream shop, the library, and the children’s museum. It’s pretty damn adorable. And it leaves Dean free to corral Bennis the Menace, who keeps trying to pick up every rock and bottle cap and piece of glass in sight.
His lips are beautiful in this light; Castiel needs to claim them. He reaches out and takes the hem of Dean's jacket between thumb and forefinger, giving it a gentle tug. Dean moves towards him with no resistance, his eyes wide and luminous as they gaze into Castiel's.
"Because." Dean shifts in his seat. "I'm still kinda… I don't know, figuring stuff out. About myself. And it didn't feel good to have someone just... assume something about me, just because of how it looked from the outside. You know?"
Seconds later, there's a distant scream from the opposite end of the alley, followed by a horribly wet thud. All three of them whip around to see Demon #3 splattered on the pavement. He now bears a strong resemblance to that take-and-bake lasagna that Sam once dropped on the kitchen floor. Gross.
Look, he’s only human, okay? He has needs. Most of the time he’s too tired and stressed for the thought of sex to even cross his mind, but lately? Now that he’s got someone else sharing the load? Yeah, that’s freeing up his mind for all
From the Badger Herald, February 7th, 2018:
guy, not the guy who eats too much and swears like a sailor and snickers at the word ‘succulent’ and jerks off wearing
Rowena gazes at both of them, lips pursed in a calculating manner. Castiel holds his breath.
“Yes, I see.” Mary’s eyes twinkle as she looks at Castiel, like they’re sharing a secret. “I think I’ll let Cas introduce us.”
Castiel moves the phone away from his ear and stares at the screen. "That can't be," he says loudly. "You sound nothing like him."
Dean blurts out. “He lives at my house on campus. There’s a bunch of other guys who live there, too. It’s not just us.”
Cas frowns at him, trying to assess how drunk the guy is. “Castiel,” he says after a pause, raising his voice to be heard over the music.
“Coffee, please,” Cas yells back. “And pie.”
"Fine." Castiel lets go of him abruptly and Dean's head falls back against the wooden floor with a painful thump.
He washes his face and under his arms, which makes him feel a little better. When he shuts the water off, he suddenly realizes that it’s quiet. Jack has stopped crying.
“Dean!” Cas says, scandalized. “Don’t say things like that.”
“So,” she finally says. “You just…invited a random guy to stay with you.”
"Were you expecting a medal?" Dean sneers. "Get outta here. I don't wanna look at your stupid face anymore."
Castiel frowns and looks down at himself. “I’m… just a man, I suppose.”
“Just a few minutes,” Cas begs. “Please. I love this so much.”
Charlie deepens her voice to sound like Dean. “Hey, uh, Cas, you wanna maybe, uh… like, live together and take my kids to the park and wear my clothes? You know, because you’re just a dude that I know.”
it’s a man) slowly rises to his feet. It’s hard to see details, but it looks like he’s wearing a trenchcoat. He stares down at Dean, head slightly tilted as though he’s curious.
Another pause. “I sense a ‘but’ coming,” Cas says. His tone is flat, expressionless. Dean would almost like it better if he was yelling.
"I don't give a rat's ass about Lucifer," Cas says. A misshapen silver blade suddenly appears in his hand, and quick as a flash, he stabs the demon in the chest. The old woman's eyes and mouth fill with red light, and he lets out a furious howl as she dies, her body hitting the ground like a sack of cement.
The bartender carefully wipes his hands off with a towel. "I don't know, man. People do a lotta crazy shit."
“Ben, stay back,” Dean warns.
Castiel cocks his head. “Well,” he says, that faint smile still on his lips, “I did look rather different at the time.”
"You can't just make decisions for the whole frat! It's part of the pledge."
of being in this body, Dean, and I'm
“Obviously,” Gabe retorts. “My landlord would kill me if I brought a kid home. I’m already on his shit list for the whole chocolate fountain fiasco.”
He opens his eyes.
They don’t care that he’s good with kids, or likes babies, or uses air quotes, or does the dishes without being asked. They don’t know that he looks like a confused owl when he doesn’t get pop culture references, or that he gets excited about things like automatic light timers and garage door openers. They don’t know that he’ll read the same book to Jack and Ben three times if they ask, or that he looks at Dean like he’s someone really special, even though he’s not.
Dean grits his teeth, summons all his remaining strength, and kicks out as hard as he can. His boot connects with something solid and he hears a wet snap, immediately followed by a howl of pain. The wolf staggers backwards, giving Dean just enough time to pull out the knife and sink the blade into the fucker's gut with a satisfying
The fear of Luke coming back grows fainter every day, as does the possibility of any relatives adopting Jack. The caseworker did manage to track down Jack's grandparents on his mother's side, but the couple is in their mid-sixties and not prepared to raise an infant. They're also extremely religious, so the news that their daughter had a child out of wedlock with that "sinful man" wasn't taken very well. Since Jack's mom was their only child, and the rest of the family is not close, it's looking more and more likely that Cas will become Jack's permanent guardian.
"How's Cas?"
"Surprise!" Jack shouts.
The smile Dean gives him could power cities. "Awesome."
Dean kisses him.
Dean. The biggest thing I've ever killed is a house fly!"
“Don’t boss me.”
Sam shrugs, that little smirk back on his face. “Nothing.”
be the one who hands Bobby a check.
have a purpose, dear. But it's up to you to solve the puzzle."
to describe the sight of Dean all spread out like that. Freckled sun-kissed skin, broad shoulders, slender hips, strong thighs…God, what he wouldn't give to bury his face between those thighs, get his mouth around that gorgeous cock…
“Who’s Missouri?” Cas asks.
Mary peers over Cas’ shoulder and laughs. “Oh, yeah. He’s about two there. He went through a phase where he would take his clothes off all the time. I had to wipe up little butt prints everywhere he went.”
“Thank you.” Cas stares down into his red plastic cup, which is filled with some mysterious liquid he hasn’t been brave enough to drink.
And on the flip side of that equation...
“Probably.” Dean glares at the baby. “Behave, you little punk. No crying, got it?” Mary smiles and holds out one chubby arm towards him. Dean sighs. The kid’s too damn cute and she knows it. “Hey, sweetheart,” he says, taking the baby from Eileen. “Wanna come sit with me and Cas?”
His face wasn’t all that hard to read.
Instead of looking out the windows, Dean watched Castiel’s hand grip the large joystick jutting out from between his legs. He would adjust the position of it by barely a centimeter, his eyes locked onto the screens that decorated the control panel in front of him.
“I’m sick of sitting around here- it’s about damn time we find a way off this God-forsaken island.”
Dean couldn’t stop thinking about the kiss. It lingered on his lips for hours after, it stuck to his tongue like a bad taste. Except it hadn’t been a bad taste; it had been a very good taste. Maybe it was the anger or the adrenaline that had been clouding Dean’s judgment at the time or maybe it was just because Castiel was an attractive dude but for whatever reason, Dean enjoyed kissing him.
Castiel watched Dean, a hobby he accidentally picked up as the years progressed, as he sat at the kitchen table. He was hesitantly typing away on his laptop, his eyes scanning slowly over the page before him. Castiel couldn’t see what he was reading from his position in the doorway but based on the way Dean’s eyes squinted and he toyed with his lip in perplexion, Cas assumed he was reading a piece of confusing lore.
“Dean!” Cas shouted. “Dean! Wake up!”
“When Jo called she made you sound desperate. She said you needed help and I-” Cas sighed, “I just want to help people. That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do.” His breath was shaking, his chest rising and falling at an unsteady rate. “You know, I didn’t get my pilot license to fly tourists back and forth across the islands- I wanted to join the Defence Force.”
“C’mon, Cas,” He begged. “Where the hell are you?”
It would take days for them to die of starvation, but it would be slow and agonizing. There was no point in sitting around while their hunger tried to bite them in the ass.
Dean furrowed his brows. “What does that mean?”
Dean chuckled lightly, his eyes sparkling with the reflection of the television screen. “Yeah, yeah Cas it is.”
They bantered back and forth, discussing things that had been happening around the island. It was just basic small talk, even though there was nothing small about the conversation given that it ate up about an hour's worth of time.
It wasn’t until the breeze picked up and the watch on Dean’s wrist told him night was just around the corner did he finally talk to Cas again. As he came roaming into camp, his shoulder clipped with the pilot’s and Dean realized he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Alright, Cas, talk to me. Where the hell have you been recently? And don’t lie.”
Cas pressed into Dean, hot breath leaking from the inside of his mouth. It wasn’t like any kiss Dean had experienced before, this time it was angry. It was so, so angry and he could practically feel the red, hot emotion in every move Cas’s mouth made. Dean was supposed to be pissed at this guy; why did the kiss feel so good? He didn’t want to pull away, in fact, he dragged it out as long as possible. He tugged at the bottom of Cas’s lip and it was only after a low groan escaped the back of Dean’s throat did he finally will himself to pull away.
They hiked up the mountain side, Dean trying to take bigger steps so that he could move his legs less. They had climbed above the top of the trees and with no protection against the hot sun, Dean could feel the sweat dripping down the back of his shirt.
She gave Dean a set of directions which he followed to the other end of the dock, walking down a small side road that separated him from the bustling crowd. As soon as he turned a corner he could see a fairly large area made of sand and grass with a large black and gold helicopter plopped down right in the center.
“Do you hear that?” Cas asked him. Dean could see the panic in his eyes, the fear of whatever he was hearing not being real. So Dean listened.
“Can’t hurt to look, though,” Dean approached the charred hunk of metal that lay across the sand. It was like a dead animal; once so strong and mighty only be shot down by the hunters of the world.
There was still a little bit of time until the pilot showed up, so Dean took a seat on a nearby bench. Most of the crowd was milling around on the main dock leaving Dean with a little bit of peace and quiet. He used this time to update Charlie and Sam via text messages, which were probably shorter and more straightforward than he meant for them to be.
“A microburst?” Dean questioned, pulling an old tshirt out of his bag and scrunching it up in his hands.
They worked their way through the jungle, Cas making comments about strange plants he thought he recognized from back home or out of a book. The guy was smart, Dean would give him that. He was much smarter than Dean, not that the bar was very high in the first place. Dean, unlike Cas, wasn’t exactly stopping to smell the roses. He was making a beeline for the helicopter wreckage and Cas was stalling behind him, picking at things on the trees. He was definitely out of it.
Dean almost smiled. “Just a bit sore. I’ll pro’lly develop some nasty bruises, though.” Dean looked back at Cas’s head wound. “We’re going to need to patch you up before we do anything.”
Cas reached up and intertwined his fingers with the hand Dean had wrapped around his shoulder. He must have sensed when Dean suddenly tenses up. “This is how humans show mutual affection, isn’t it?”
Through the pain, Cas somehow came to the realization that Dean was the one causing him pain. The energy that was radiating off his body was practically a death omen and the closer Castiel got to him the more he could hear the cries for help. He was so past starving that he should have been dead months, if not
"What color?"
does that? You ought to be ashamed of yourself."
Dean bursts out of the door with a loud bang. “What the fuck, Benny? I was watching the game.” Then he catches sight of Cas, still frozen on the sidewalk. His face splits into a wide grin. “Cas! Hey buddy. What’s up?”
"Sounds like a plan." Gabe cracks his knuckles. "I nominate Cassie for guardian."
okay,” Cas nearly yells, and Dean can feel how tense he is, how tightly wound, trembling from the effort of holding himself together. “I’ve tried
For a long moment he and Dean just stare at each other, breathing hard, and then Cas rolls his hips and Dean is fucking
"Fuck yes," Dean hisses, pleasure licking up his spine as Cas rubs a thumb over his slit. "Come all over them. Get me all dirty."
burn."
Dean wrenches the door open, and it’s just like the time he found Cas crying outside the nursery door, except that now he isn’t crying from hopelessness and exhaustion. There’s joy, hope, relief, and fear in his wet blue eyes, and a pure, raw vulnerability that makes Dean’s heart hurt.
Eventually you’re not gonna need me. Jack deserves better than some random guy you just happen to live with.”
"I hated the way he treated you," Cas murmurs back, a hint of a growl in his voice. "He should show you some respect." His grip on Dean tightens as he yanks him closer, long hard lines of his body pressing up against Dean's own. Dean's not ashamed to admit that he whimpers a little bit. Cas being all righteous and angry is one thing, but manhandling him like this? That's a whole new level of hot.
Castiel's guess about the werewolf's lair turns out to be correct. They find a trail of blood and bone splinters almost immediately, which leads them to a giant cement pipe about a hundred yards from the service road.
“Shut your face," Dean hisses, but as much as he wants to strangle his brother right now, part of him is relieved that Sam doesn’t seem to care that Cas is a dude. “Okay. Fine. I might have a
“Even if it’s just half an hour,” Dr. Mills continues, “and all you do is go for a walk, make time for it. Get somebody to watch the baby for a little bit so you guys can have some ‘couple time,’ okay?”
Dean pulls a tattered map of L.A. out of his inner jacket pocket. It's folded over to the northwest section of the city, specific areas circled in black Sharpie, and Dean points to each circle as he talks. "First victim was found in a dumpster just off the corner of San Fernando and Montague. Second was near Osbourne and Norris. Those two boys who went missing were last seen at a bodega on Glenoaks and Gain. And they found the girl's body at a playground just two blocks from there. See a pattern yet?"
“Maybe it’s elves,” Ben suggests. “Or Mrs. Claus! Let’s go, I wanna see!”
Dean punches Vic in the shoulder to cover up his embarrassment. "Shut up and wash your hands."
A thin ribbon of that delectable scent flickers past his nose. The boy is nearby, maybe twenty yards away.
“What the hell?” Dean shouts, jerking up and sending Cas flying off him. He scrambles up from the couch and instinctively grabs the first object within reach, which turns out to be that stupid plush toy he stepped on the first morning Cas was here. The thing lights up and its furry limbs flail ridiculously as Dean raises it above his head.
Dean groggily lifts his head off the pillow and squints at the alarm clock. It's a little past six in the morning.
One of the best things about his bedroom is the full-length mirror that someone (probably a former tenant) installed on the wall. When Dean moved in, he immediately arranged his bed so it would face the mirror. Now when he lies down and props his head up with a couple of pillows, he can see
“According to Google,” Cas says, “the average newborn weighs seven and a half pounds and is about twenty inches long. If we weigh and measure him, that might give us a better idea of how old he is.”
“So is Dean,” Sam calls from the kitchen.
"Hell yeah, he does," Victor booms, and Dean lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding. "Everyone in favor of kicking Trenton out if he doesn't apologize, raise your hands."
Dean’s panicking. It’s only three days before Christmas and he still hasn’t figured out what to get Cas. They all agreed that because of the unique situation this year, it would be too much to do the whole gift exchange thing (like Mom said, Jack’s enough of a present for all of them.) But Dean still wants to give Cas something, even if it’s small. He might not be able to tell Cas how he feels, but at least he can show him in some other way, right? If he could just figure out what the hell to get.
Cas is impressed that she recognized it. "I was," he answers. "We've been watching a lot of that lately. It seems to calm Jack down."
“Thank you,” Cas says, because he doesn’t know what else to say. He really wants this brainless, "no-homo" jock to leave him alone.
so fucking cute :heart-eyes:
“I’m staying with Dean temporarily,” Cas says. “Until my memory returns.”
“What crawled up your ass, Colon?” Sam guffaws.
"Kill him," Abuela says in a bored tone. She and the others start to close in, flanking Dean from all sides. Dean widens his stance and his hand tightens around the handle of his knife. If he's dying tonight, then he's gonna go out with a bang.
“Fine.” He sighs again and heaves himself to his feet. “Hey, before I forget, have you thought any more about Christmas?”
"Yes, but we need
“Unnngh,” Dean replies coherently, and then his orgasm hits like a lightning bolt, white-hot tongues of pleasure licking up his cock and thighs and ass, seizing his muscles, and then he’s riding the spasms like waves, endless waves that roll through him, around him, inside him. Lights explode in front of his eyes and screams tear out of his throat as Cas milks him steadily, his other hand cupping Dean’s balls, massaging them gently, drawing out every last drop. Cas strokes him until he’s spent and soft and whimpering from overstimulation, then lifts Dean off his cock with effortless strength and lays him out on the bed.
Sam says patiently. "The best thing to do is contact the Department of Children and Families. They can assign Jack a caseworker and help us navigate all the legal stuff. And we should have Cas or Gabe apply for temporary guardianship, because that gives them equal decision-making power. So if Luke does come back, he won't be able to just take Jack away. He'll have to go through the court system first."
"Dean?"
“What do you want?” Cas almost begs him. “Please, sweetheart, I’m trying so hard. I don’t know what you want. Please stop crying. Please.”
mean?" Dean demands.
"No," Cas says. "I merely feed on their energy. Their lies, their fears, their pain. That's how I survive."
to identify the things that attack you. Because, forgive me, your descriptions usually leave a lot to be desired."
"Could be." Dean pulls the hoodie over his head, still carefully keeping the sheet over his lower half. "I'll take a look at it later."
“Too late for that. Get in the car, sweet cheeks.”
They lapse into contented silence again. Cas’ body is warm and heavy like a weighted blanket, and Dean’s eyes are starting to flutter shut.
"I feel like we shouldn't do this in front of the kid," he mumbles.
“An angel is missing,” Zachariah hisses, leaning forward. “An angel who is currently on trial for disobeying orders. Do you understand how
appreciate a male friend coming onto him, even if Dean is a nice guy. Like Gabriel always says, don’t hit on jocks unless you want to get hit.
After their trip to the gardens, during which Cas learned Dean is extremely immature about words like ‘succulent,’ it becomes a regular thing. They’re short outings, usually only an hour or so, but Cas looks forward to them more than he cares to admit. It’s a relief just to see and hear new things and get out into the sunlight.
Castiel turns back to the sink with a smile, and the mushy feeling in Dean’s gut increases tenfold.
“God, I love you,” Dean mutters, grabbing his coat off the back of a chair. “Okay, I’m heading out. I’ll be back in twenty minutes tops.” He puts on his coat, then looks up to find Sam staring at him.  “What’s the matter, Samantha? Did your brain finally explode?”
"He did," Cas says, joy bubbling up in his chest. "Do it again."
"Stop," Dean groans as he starts sliding backwards. "Stop, you're making it worse."
"What the heck," Dean mutters, then freezes at the sound of his voice. It's deep, ringing, sonorous— like a church bell booming at the bottom of a gravel pit. He knows that voice. And it doesn't belong to him.
"The fuck, man?" he says to Dean without preamble. "You can't just decide to do shit without giving me a vote."
"Aw, c'mon." Dean smirks, even as his heartbeat quickens. "I'm adorable. Admit it."
“Does too. I saw him smiling at you at least three times in the past hour.”
“I don’t like surprises,” Castiel says.
“Uh, yeah.” Gabriel stares at Dean like he’s grown a second head. “Why wouldn’t he?”
Jody shrugs. “There’s really not much we can do, other than give him a list of local resources. Homeless shelters, soup kitchens, that kind of thing. If he had some ID we could hook him up with social services and assign him a caseworker, but without it...” She shakes her head, and Dean can sense her frustration. Jody’s a lot like him in certain ways. When she can’t fix something, she feels like a failure.
know I have a panty kink. How do you know I have a praise kink too?”
“Yeah.” Dean swallows, picking up a ring of plastic keys and shaking them gently in front of Jack. “I’ve been trying to decide what to do about living arrangements. We should probably talk about that.”
“You’re welcome,” Jack chirps. “Can I go play now?”
Apparently he was wrong.
“Cas?” Jody raises her eyebrows.
"Fuck," Cas moans at last, and slumps against him. Heedless of the mess, Dean wraps both arms around his boyfriend and hugs him close, burying his face in Cas' neck, giving him soft kisses.
"Very well," Castiel answers, sounding amused. He rises to his feet and leans against the fence, moonlight casting his face in shadow.
So he’s absolutely stunned to hear himself say
excited to be a big brother. He would talk to my tummy all the time. And he was so good with Sam. Whenever he started crying, Dean would ask to hold him. Then he'd dance around with him until he stopped."
In his swing, Jack starts to whimper. Cas lets out a frustrated sigh. "Go back to sleep," he mutters. "Please,
"So I gathered," Castiel replies, breathing hard. "How's yours?"
“Hey, I do my homework.” Dean points at him with a spatula. “But I also have fun. You need to have more fun, Cas.”
“Good.” Dean uncurls his fists, cheeks still flaming. “You better be in this exact spot when I get back.” He stomps out into the hallway and shoves his feet into his boots.
Castiel gulps. "Okay," he says hoarsely. He hangs up, then goes out to meet his doom.
Rowena rolls her eyes. "I'm sure you and Dr. Novak can piece it together. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a previous engagement I must attend that is
, he’s even more gorgeous in the light.
black lace. See-through in the back."
Dean shrugs, his ears growing hot. "No," he mutters. "I don't know. Maybe. Shut up."
Cas pauses, taking in the sight of Dean's heaving chest and half-torn shirt with a shit-eating grin on his face. "Sensitive, are we?" Without waiting for an answer, he dives in and starts biting Dean's nipples through the fabric.
Dean shrugs, his heart pounding in his ears. "I can always get another one."
“Then what are you?”
The screen door creaks open. Cas looks up to see Benny and Victor have joined them.
Sam stops singing, but his shit-eating grin is still firmly in place. “You loooove him,” he teases. “You love Caaas. You wanna
"Dad," Sam cuts in.
"Sure." Castiel doesn't trust himself to say anything more. He tried to read the specs, but they were filled with so much jargon and technical terminology it might as well have been gibberish. He has no idea how he's going to survive. He doesn't even know what they're fighting, exactly. He heard one of the hunters mention something about bloodsuckers, so he assumes it's vampires, but other than that, he has no clue. And Sam looks at him oddly every time he asks a question, so he's stopped trying.
