Steve shrugs. “I don’t blame you. Hell, I don’t think Bucky blamed you. If… if it were me, and I’d seen someone killing my mother on a video, and that person was standing right in front of me, no one would have been able to stop me,” he says, quietly.
“Tony!”
“I’m curious as to what sort of kid you were,” Ms Lewis says.
“We do want to marry you,” he says, gently, “which is why we got the ring. We know, uh, we know it’s not the sort of thing that you could probably afford for yourself, and we know some people, you know, that could get us a bigger ring if that’s what you want–”
Sam’s eyes flicker downwards to the wedding ring on Steve’s hand. “How are you doing?”
Tony makes his way down into the kitchen, just in time to see the kids running up to him.
“No, no, he wouldn’t,
“Holy shit,” he exhales, his foot slipping out from underneath him, and he’s forced to lean against the door frame for purchase.
me, over your kids. I don’t know if you did it on purpose, if you got sick of me flaunting my religion, my culture around, asking you if I could raise the kids Hindu and vegetarian, whether you baulked at the idea that your kids looked more like me than they did you, or whether it was subconscious, the fact that you wanted to be with someone who shared your life experiences, more than just the whole SHIELD agent thing, but someone who grew up the same way that you did, and colour
The fire burns in the background, as Steve manages to get the oven working, adding more wood. The boiler room becomes warm, not too sweltering.
Steve grins down at him, unashamed, and saunters out the door, calling out, “Tomorrow,” as he leaves.
“Fuck you,” he spits.
“No, they’ve gone out for date night.” Tony pauses. “Wait, did you make that noise, the fingernail one?”
Tony ignores him. He goes straight to Coulson’s desk.
Howard colours. “Don’t start with me,” he threatens.
The door slides open when he unlocks it, and his family, Howard and Maushmi and Ana and Jarvis, are all in the living room when he walks in.
But, really, he can’t imagine an innocent, innocuous relationship that leads to the way that Natasha looks at Steve, or how confident Natasha is when she’s lecturing him on his own marriage.
jealous, so I was left with the former. So, I kept pushing.”
He leers at Tony when he sees him working, eyes scraping over him like Tony was a piece of meat or the kind of omega that one finds at a brothel.
“This again,” Steve grumbles.
“I’m well aware of your efforts,” Abraham says, slowly.
Natasha floods red. “Look, he’s my friend and I just want him to be happy. He should be happy with you, and if there’s anything I can do to… to
, that I’m convenient for you. I know that you don’t give a shit about me, that you’ve
“How long have you been up?”
James’ face is hot with colour. “Actually, I’ve never had anything up in there,” he confesses, almost shamefully.
through.”
“Shit, shit,
“Steve, don’t leave me,” Tony begs.
“Yeah, Stevie, we love you,” James says, softly, and when looks down, he sees James’ hand solidly gripping Steve by the knee.
Tony nods, his eyes and mind absent.
He has an idea of what caused those marks.
“I would if you’d let me talk,” Tony snaps. “Yeah, okay, I used to fuck a lot of people, which by the way you knew before we started dating so if you’re suddenly having a puritan dilemma that you lost it to a slut, well, I can’t help you there, but you also know
Steve finds himself smiling; he remembers the way that Tony melted into the kiss on their wedding day. “Yeah,” he says, softly, the grief, now tinged with nostalgia, lashed all the tighter to his chest, “yeah, we did.”
He has never loved oxygen more than in this moment.
Tony flings a glower his way. “Considering you were partly the reason why he’s broken, I don’t think you should be talking right now.”
“Don’t-don’t
Steve looks a little sheepish, and he wanders towards the line of buses again, picking up a spindly hand rake from the ground.
a dark-haired guy,” Tony retorts. “And besides, I’ve gone for blondes before.
James smiles, crookedly, and runs his knuckles over Tony’s sharp cheekbone. “You’re too good for this world, Anthony Stark. You deserve better than all of us.”
Steve kisses him again, hard and fierce, and then, when they break apart, the settlement is burning away so fast that the two of them will be completely exposed. Steve rushes forward and grabs the submachine gun and a Luger from the dead Nazi, while Tony retrieves his own rifle.
Tony settles back onto his heels.
, I didn’t mean to take advantage of you.
Maushmi and Peter’s eyes flit over to James, who’s standing behind the couch.
He gets to scrubbing himself, until the water turns a pink-red with the blood that finally strips off his skin. He doesn’t stop when the blood is gone, though; he starts scrubbing at every inch of his body, all the places that Grant put his hands on. He focuses on his hips, his chest, his throat, between his legs, making sure to clean especially thoroughly there, until his skin feels red and raw and sore, but in a good way, in a way that he can be comfortable.
“From what you’ve both said, you have never really shared your memories of Bucky with Tony before, which is why he wasn’t able to make the connection between his James and your Bucky, despite Bucky having been a rudimentary and significant part of your life.”
“Who’s that, Appa?” Peter asks, curiously, lifting his head from his fractions’ worksheet.
Nat’s expression hardens in an angry mask, just for a fleeting moment, like she’s annoyed that he’s disturbed her, ruined her fun, before it smooths out into a dreamy-faced look, and she takes his hand.
“Steve, we don’t have to do anything that you don’t want to do,” Tony soothes, even as his lungs begin to deflate in his chest, out of disappointment. “If you don’t want that fantasy, we can just, uh, we can just have sex and go to bed? Or-”
“I don’t know this is enough, baby,” Steve coos, and his hand goes down to his own half-hard cock.
Even today, he burns with shame at the memories, can’t help but want to look away, free himself of the weight of Steve’s stare.
“We tried our best, and we failed,” Tony says, gravely. “That doesn’t make us evil people. It doesn’t make us heroes either, at least in the traditional sense, but it doesn’t make us evil. I’m sorry for trying to kill your best friend. I know you love him.”
, and Tony jolts, realising that they knew, HYDRA knew who Steve was, who James was, who Tony was, even things that Tony didn’t know until today, but Steve,
, around my friends, and you feel guilty because you couldn’t see what he was doing to me, until it was too late, until he’d already hurt me, until he’d already done whatever he wanted with me,” Tony says, his face gaunt, his voice full of rage. “You killed him, because you felt guilty too, because you felt responsible too, didn’t you?”
It’s a beautiful, thin gold chain that Steve fixes around his neck.
The other recruits laugh, staring at Tony as they do, and Hodge turns to one of them.
“I didn’t… you don’t work for SHIELD,” Tony says, his expression mutating into something wounded and sharp. “You can’t possibly work for SHIELD. That’s not… you work for an insurance company. You’re a claims agent. You don’t
“FRIDAY?” Steve says, even though he already knows the answer, his voice dull.
Tony doesn’t know what to say, can’t help the sudden rush of pleasure at hearing those words coming from Steve, and he immediately hates himself for it, hates himself for being so weak, because even if Steve is a SHIELD agent, even if James is really Bucky Barnes, and he has this unending suspicion that Bucky Barnes and Steve were once in love with each other, and he’s pretty fucking sure that Steve is still sleeping with a woman who may not be his receptionist but is definitely someone he works with closely.
He doesn’t know whether he wants to be relieved or whether he should hate himself for that, for laying a curse on Peter’s head even before he was even born.
Maushmi lifts her head, as she lays the knife down beside the cutting board, her eyes narrowed in suspicion.
She reaches into her desk and pulls out three sheets of paper, handing it to him.
Maushmi’s face twists up, and there’s a snarl on her lips, sharp. “We did what we had to do.”
"Because of the Fountain," Steve said, hoping to nudge the conversation in another direction.
Although he vividly remembered the pressure of Tony's fingers around his throat, breathing was as easy as ever, and when he swallowed, he felt no hint of bruising.
"The same person," Natalie, or Natasha, replied, walking slowly towards Steve. Next to them, Barton landed his bike and stepped off it, arms crossed, looking casual and unthreatening, blaster back in its holster.
"And maybe it was premature. I'm glad things worked out like they did, and you made it back and gave us this beautiful parting gift," Obie goes on.
Since it could be anything, there was a chance Steve might not be able to intervene, but he'd just have to hope for the best and do what he could.
Happy eyes Steve appraisingly. "So, you know how to fight?"
"It's a disaster," Tony said. "There's no happy ending for this story. There's just a thousand different ways it can go horribly wrong."
"What model are you, anyway?" he asks. It's the least sexy thing he can think of: the question that's been eating at him for so long; the centerpiece of his guilt.
“But he’s okay?” Steve asked. He knew how strong he was; he could’ve all too easily hurt Tony, the way he’d been acting, all unhinged.
"No, no, it wasn't. I slept like a log," Steve reassured him.
"I was, yeah," Steve admits.
"I'm fine. Just didn't sleep well," Steve admitted. It was half the truth.
Boiling with fury, he turns to head downstairs, and almost bumps into Steve, who's standing next to him, stock still, eyes fixed on the screen.
Steve wasn't about to blame Tony for being slow to rescue him. Recovering from decades of captivity must have taken a long time. Steve had been trapped in VR for one night, and that had already been a living hell; he couldn't begin to imagine what Tony had been through, even if all the scars on his frame told a part of the story. That he was still sane at all said a lot about how resilient his mind must be.
"And that wouldn't make me look guilty at all," Steve said curtly. He knew that Tony was right, but he still loathed the idea. Even if he could help their cause while in hiding, it would feel cowardly.
"Who?" Tony returned. That was odd. He should've recognized the name. Steve had mentioned him often enough. Tony had even met him a few times at HQ.
Tony's drones had returned into their earlier orderly line and looked only a little worse for wear. Hammer's had frozen in place at assorted locations, and they seemed to have suffered more heavily, their previously light gray surfaces pockmarked with burned patches and holes. One of them was worse than all the others, face down on the floor with smoke rising from it. Steve assumed that was the drone that had started the altercation.
The moment their mouths touched, Tony flinched and his eyes flew open. Startled, Steve jumped back, falling onto his haunches.
He feels like he's observing someone else, in general, oddly detached from the reality of his situation. It seems very likely that he won't make it home, and yet, it doesn't feel real at all. It's like a mostly forgotten bad dream, something distant and unimportant. Like the cold, which seems to have finally left him alone. He knows, objectively, that he can't have gotten any warmer, but somehow, the cold has stopped bothering him.
“Tony—what the hell is that thing?”
"I wouldn't have let him in if he wasn't unarmed," Ultron said, sounding affronted. "No explosives, no high-energy devices, nothing out of the ordinary in full-body scans and no evidence of blocking technology. If you want a cavity search, you'll have to do that yourself, or put me in a body with a little more finesse." He finished by waving around the drones' arms.
As soon as Rhodey was entirely out of his armor, he started sorting through its pieces, assessing the damage to see if he could repair it. Pepper sat down, resting against a wall, her eyes glazed over; Steve wasn't sure if she was skimming the news feeds or just weary and sad. Happy had started pacing again.
Tony sat down next to Steve, looming over him, placing one hand lightly at his throat. It was enough of a reminder of the previous scenario to bring up the subconscious terror, and Steve flinched in his restraints, but there was nowhere for him to go.
"Good." Steve crossed his arms, trying to steel himself for whatever she had to show them.
He gazed at the view outside, and it was the same as ever, the gray sky surrounding the buildings around them, painted in various colors where the lights from company logos reflected against clouds. The air was busy with afternoon traffic. In this room, with both of them in new bodies and facing the world as a couple, it felt like so much had changed, but out there, nothing had. Most people had no idea that there were new winds blowing at the top of Stark Tower.
"No thanks to you," Tony replied, returning Hammer's fake smile in kind.
"Right." Steve wasn't convinced that was a good thing, but getting hung up on Tony's character flaws wasn't going to advance the investigation. "How about the second attack, then? You implied it was more elaborate?"
"Are you sure you didn't accidentally download a nanny toolkit to go with the cooking and cleaning packages?" Tony quips. It's kind of mean, but he's annoyed; he doesn't need this mollycoddling, and he doesn't like it when people try to make his decisions for him.
"Exactly. They've enslaved most of the humans who live here. This town is one of the few remaining bastions of human resistance," Lina said. The righteous indignation in her words, her voice and her expression, reminded Bucky painfully of Steve.
"Yes, but she'll be heading home any minute now," the guard answered. "Whatever it is, you should wait for tomorrow."
"Yes, looks like him," the younger Northerner acknowledge. "Like I said, Stark. If you come with us and help the humans instead of serving the monsters, they're free to go," he promised Tony.
Apparently, curiosity finally won, since Bucky spoke up again, asking, "So how did he do it, then? The way this place looks, he must've been really powerful."
Stark was sitting in the corner where the stone walls met, his eyes closed, his head resting against one wall. If not for all the noise the dinosaur was making, Bucky might've thought he was just taking a nap. As he got closer, he could tell Stark wasn't breathing right. Each slow, labored gasp came with a decidedly unhealthy rattle and wheeze, worse than any snoring he'd ever heard.
So, the 'shop is the sanctuary where Tony retreats in the afternoon, because he needs to catch his breath and bring down his blood pressure before he gives himself an aneurysm. Unfortunately, he doesn't actually have time to properly settle down before JARVIS alerts him back upstairs.
"Doesn't it weird you out, looking at yourself like that?" Tony's voice called out from the doorway across the chamber, startling Steve out of his thoughts.
They didn't have any further tyrannosaur encounters; Tony assumed that was mostly because he'd convinced the one they'd met to leave them alone, and either they were still in her territory, or she had gotten word to others that this specific party was too risky to approach. That was good. Even if fighting a
Tony took Steve's chin between his fingers, tilting his head slightly backwards, looking at his face appraisingly. "Top marks for this part, I have to say," he announced.
For a moment, he was worried she might have broken out in tears, but when she let go, she was smiling at him shyly. "I'm sure it will be all right, now that you're here. I can't believe this, it's really you! You're so tall!"
"Show me," Steve ordered.
The moment Tony first looked into Steve's eyes on the Quinjet, he knew his life would never be the same again.
He really needed to catch hold of Tony Stark.
He gets up and steps away from his rocky refuge, stretching his limbs; one of his legs has fallen asleep. At least he's not desperately cold, even though looking at the frost-coated blades of grass here and there, the temperature outside must be close to freezing.
"Unless you've got some really solid reason to object," Tony said. "In case you're worried, yes, it's totally private. No surveillance."
"In trouble, are we?" the woman asked, her lips curling to a smirk—no doubt enjoying the sight of someone from up top in a tight spot.
"Sure thing, porcupine." Tony waved a hand in the air to tell Jarvis to cut the connection.
********************
"That first version of the repulsor pump was a monstrosity. We had a hard time finding a surgeon to help in the installation, since everyone was convinced it would just kill me. It was the size of a car engine, ran on grid electricity, and tied me to bed more effectively than my illness ever had—but it worked. I finally felt better, my thoughts clearing up as the fluid that had built up in my lungs did.
"First time for everything," Steve says. He's keeping it light as well.
"Yes, you could describe it like that," Pepper said. "And now he's gone into hiding."
There was a brief silence on Tony's end before he answered:
"What's her name?" Steve asked.
He makes his way down the hill. The rocky slope opens up into a valley with a narrow lake at the bottom. The shorter route around it and towards the hut that is Steve's ultimate goal would be to the right, but there are bushes at the far end of the lake, to the left, which he could use as firewood.
He hacks into a military database to see what androids they employ, but all of them are models that he already saw in the catalogue. He dips into the dark web to look for black market sellers, and comes up empty. He even explores what information he can find about Russian-built androids, even though he knows that won't give him any answers. He may have been held captive on Russian soil, but there's no way his savior wasn't built by CyberLife.
He wasn’t going to hold back the anger, not anymore. He might as well finally say everything that he’d kept bottled up for all those months. “You lied to me, Rogers, for years! So get off your damn high horse!”
"Your loss," the waiter said, and disappeared to the kitchen.
He procrastinates some more with grooming and choosing clothes. He ends up picking a hoodie that's excessively thick for the weather, to be sure it will hide the thirium-blue glow in his chest. What he'd really like to do would be to wrap himself in aluminum foil or possibly wear a lead vest to make sure absolutely nothing gets through, but those aren't exactly things that he's got in his wardrobe.
"They were clearly afraid of you, the way they dealt with you," Fury pointed out.
"So, has Mr. Stark been, overall, acting different than usual recently, aside from today?" Steve went on with the questions. This was turning out to be a much more useful interview than the one he'd had with Jarvis.
The thirium reactor clicks back into place. It feels like a kick in the ribs, a jolt of pain worse than what Tony's felt so far, but then, it gets better. His heartbeat settles into a steady rhythm, he gulps in air, and his vision clears to focus on Steve's stunning features hovering above him.
He ends up wasting several hours on his quest for breakfast, or rather, brunch—even after the fire is done, it takes him a while to pluck, gut and barbecue the bird. By the time it's thoroughly cooked, it looks much smaller. He's tempted to wolf down the whole thing while he's at it, but he resists. Better to ration and make it last longer, so he can avoid going through this routine a second time today.
Jan was a fashion designer and a style icon, and had been as well known as Tony before the war. Her townhouse also equaled Tony's, when it came to lavishness, but was decorated with paintings and sculptures instead of mementos from around the world. The suite she was currently living in was, if anything, even more luxurious, matching the extravagance of the entrance floor. Steve guessed they wouldn't even have let him in if he'd been wearing the regular street clothing he went for when not in costume. Luckily, Captain America was welcome anywhere, whatever the dress code.
Fury and Natasha approached Stane slowly, both of them now pointing blasters at him.
"I was, because I didn't know of anything else," Natasha explained. "They told me that dinosaurs are evil. How could I know that wasn't the truth? I might've never found out that it wasn't if they hadn't decided to send me out to spy on Dinotopians. It took time, but I eventually came to realize how wrong I'd been about everything."
He told himself it was just a combination of the adrenalin of the fight starting to fade and of Tony's uncanny resemblance to Howard. Looking at his face was such a strange experience because of it: there was so much of his father in there, although he actually looked older than Howard had when Steve had last seen him. It was the most palpable reminder of the time that had passed that Steve had yet come across.
"Okay. Exactly one month from now? I'll be there," Tony says. "Just send me some coordinates beforehand, so I'll know where 'there' actually is."
"Not what I was expecting," Steve admitted, "but you know I like the way you look in that frame."
The truth was, Steve wasn't entirely sure what that had been and what, exactly, had happened. Even though he'd never admit it, deep down, he kind of wished it had been a kiss. The thought came with an instant wave of guilt; he was sure Tony wouldn't have wanted that. It was wrong. He might be incredibly confused about his feelings for Tony, but he'd gotten a pretty strong impression that Tony couldn't stand being around him.
"What's stopping you? Even if you're professionally involved in that, it doesn't have to figure into your private life," Bruce said. "It's not like it's mandatory to have your sample in an amoromics database."
That night, he didn't even look at the phone, and if it took him a little longer than usual to fall asleep, that was because he had a lot on his mind, in general.
"Right. You've spent a long day on that bike. Come on." Tony waved a hand towards the small porch of the cabin, where a simple bench with some well-worn cushions had been set against the wall.
"Not well, no, I wouldn't say. She's not the most talkative sort. Bookish. I think she's a scholar of some kind, maybe a historian?" the lady said thoughtfully.
Natasha and Pepper finally arrived later that evening, catching Steve, Jarvis, and Rhodey in the common room of their guest house, the map spread out on the table in front of them.
Steve frowned. "Surely they must've had external backups?" People as astronomically rich as the Starks didn't have to trust their lives to a single backup node implanted at the neck, like ordinary people.
"Yes. He was unconscious, but my suit AI could pick up his vitals until he got out of range," Rhodey confirmed. "I didn't see the hit that knocked him out. He was injured, but I don't know how badly."
The next day, Steve resisted the urge to show up at Tony's door at sunrise—he figured Tony might want to sleep in after the kind of day he'd had, and it would be rude to bother him too early. He gave it until ten, then drove over to the Stark residence on his bike. The building was exactly as impressive as Steve would've imagined: a beautiful townhouse in Gramercy Park, each floor easily as large as Steve's modest apartment.
"He'll be at his most vulnerable when he's just been placed in a new clone, and even though the clinic is secure, it's not as impenetrable as Stark Tower," Pepper added. "We've spent a lot of time thinking about this. It's the best window of opportunity we've got."
Wherever he was, Steve hoped and prayed that Tony could hold on until they found him.
Bucky glanced at the dinosaur, apprehension plain on his face. "You've told him not to eat me, right?"
"Friday, time?" he checked.
He races down the hill, barely feeling the rain lashing at his face.
"I'm not going to apologize for anything I've done," Tony told him.
"Just guessing here, but, you know, maybe she sticks around because she actually likes you," Bruce suggested.
"Okay," Steve said.
Sharing a bed just to sleep wasn't something Steve and Tony had done in the past, and any hugs and cuddling had tended to be brief and of the post-coital variety. That made what could've under some other circumstances been a suggestion of simple, friendly closeness feel far more meaningful.
"I can't even say for sure that I didn't." Tony sounded even more miserable, and tired, as well, with the tension of Steve's sudden arrival fading.
"I… " Tony breathed out, his expression suddenly more serious. "I was thinking it's all bad, I really was. That maybe I shouldn't have been healed—that I should've been buried with the Fountain, because I'm too dangerous. But," he paused and covered Steve's hand with his, pressing it against his chest. "I'm starting to reconsider that, because I wouldn't be here with you without it. Even if I'm not sure I deserve this."
The dinosaur seemed to hesitate, and instead of another roar, it growled out a string of barking sounds somewhat similar to what Stark had made.
"Well, I was born there, but grew up elsewhere," Bucky answered curtly.
"I also thought it'd be easier to explain with you around," Pepper said.
Tony frowned at Steve, an unfocused, glassy look. "You're not real," he said, his voice breathless and hoarse.
Rhodes must've made arrangements for Steve's arrival, because instead of a group of costumed superheroes or armed guards, all that awaited him at the Avengers compound was Rhodes himself.
Steve reached to grab a thick metal beam that was propping up some other pieces of the wreckage, and lifted it aside with a grunt. It revealed nothing but more burned building materials.
"Have you been stalking me?" Steve crossed his arms defensively, and even that felt awkward, the way the thick muscles bunched under his skin.
Leaving that without comment, Steve accepted the piece of clothing and wrapped himself up. It was made of the same luxurious, shimmery fabric as his boxers.
"Did you ever care about the thirium reactor plans at all?" Tony checks.
Kamski gets up to greet Tony, shaking his hand firmly. "Tony. What an unexpected pleasure."
Steve tried to focus on his breathing and clear his head, but even when he managed that, as soon as he started drifting off into the twilight zone between wakefulness and sleep, he found himself in his bedroom in the Tower again. He was able to cut it short before it turned into a proper flashback, startling awake as if from a nightmare, but after a few repeats, he knew this wasn't going to work.
"I will, as soon as we're back."
Tony wakes up to the cold.
He ate mechanically, without tasting a thing, his thoughts on the last meal he'd had, the last night that he could remember, eating the take-out that Tony had picked for him. The younger, kinder Tony, the one with everything ahead of him, the one Steve had hoped might prove him wrong and turn out to be a better man than Steve expected of him.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to stare. I thought you seemed familiar," Steve said. He hoped Tony wouldn't recognize his voice. He tended to speak differently in costume; it'd become a role that he fell into without even thinking about it, pronouncing everything more clearly, the pitch of his voice slightly lower than it'd naturally be.
What the hell.
"I've got them," Bucky replied, holding out a heavy key ring similar to the one he had himself.
Steve patted her back a little awkwardly, and muttered, "It's all right," even though that felt like half a lie when he didn't really know what was going on.
Enemies started pouring out before the Commandos even reached the door. "Dum Dum, Gabe, Jackie, with me," Steve called out and rushed towards them, hoping for a melee instead of a shoot-out.
Tony hits the ground heavily and clumsily by Steve's side, snow flying up around him and falling down from the trees shaken by the impact. Sam lands with more care, folding his wings.
Dad always did tell him he's too soft, and he remembers Kamski calling him adorable in a tone that left it vague whether he was being sincere or derisive. They're probably right to mock him. Tony knows he's anthropomorphizing. These are machines; just clever mimics of humans. They're not sentient. They don't have feelings.
With his days busy, it was only in the evenings when he retreated to his floor that Steve had time to think about the past, and about what he'd begun to see as his actual primary investigation: understanding what'd happened back then, and locating his team. Frustratingly, he kept running into roadblocks every time he tried to look into it. Ultron wouldn't allow him access to most of the files he was interested in; the best he got were news articles. If he asked for anything directly connected to SHIELD, such as details or recordings of the trials that had put him on ice, Ultron invariably said he'd have to ask Tony. When he did, Tony claimed he couldn't help.
"I am, and I don't," Steve said. "I don't know you anymore, Tony, and I don't like you. I don't like any of this."
He slipped his arms through the shoulder straps, leaned against the seat and kicked at the door next to him with both boots, using all the strength his frame had to spare. The door creaked, but didn't break.
"Steve Rogers," Tony said, staring at the ceiling, willing the monotonous gray of it to fill his mind and wipe away those images that kept haunting him.
"Of course you'd say that." The Kingpin almost sounded like a disappointed parent. "Too bad for her." He waved his hand at the two thugs standing by Maya's sides, and they grabbed hold of her arms, ready to shove her into the dark waves.
As important as Peggy was to him, he didn't think they were soulmates. He did feel different when he was close to her, of course he did. He got nervous and awkward, all his insides twisting into knots, and worried he'd say something stupid. He envied Howard for how effortlessly charming he always seemed to be, no matter whose company he was in. Still, he didn't feel any kind of a mystical connection, like they described in those soulmate stories. He didn't feel like he was one with her, like they were sharing each other's feelings, or like they somehow breathed in synchrony, like this most recent article suggested. He couldn't even begin to imagine how that would feel like, but he was pretty sure he wasn't feeling it.
Never in his life, not even before the Accords, did Steve expect to end up this close to Tony. Of course, given the circumstances, there's no mistaking this for anything other than an emergency measure—Tony is so cold, he might as well be clinging to a corpse. Even with his arms around Tony's ribcage, his breaths are too faint to notice.
He'd already gathered that Tony was a very different person from the one he'd known in the past, but if Tony had wanted to harm him, why bring him out of storage at all? Wouldn't it have been easier to just leave him there, and then let the unsavory people currently running SHIELD take care of him?
Stane staggered backwards, holding a hand to his bleeding nose. "That was a bad move, Steve. Maybe I won't just make you watch him die. Maybe I'll make you kill him. How would you like that?"
"Okay, fair enough," Tony said, and pursed his lips. The depth of emotions on his face was more than Steve had seen in the other Tony's features at any point. It looked familiar. The way it should, the way it had before. "Long story short: Hi, Steve. It's me. Really me. That other guy out there? That really isn't, even though everyone else thinks so."
A child's story was one thing, but two people saying the same thing—and a man on fire, again, exactly the same as at Jan's party—confirmed without a doubt that this was related.
, it had, but of course, his body was a lot more complex than a cell culture on a plate.
He faded out for a while after that. He didn't really pass out, but he wasn't fully conscious either. He still heard voices talking, felt hands guiding him to lie down, the seat beneath him and the movements of the car, but it was all distant and hazy, everything he'd been through finally overwhelming both mind and frame.
"We definitely will, although I worry there might not be much you can do to help your friend," Eliana said. "Those who go to the North do not come back."
"I was so worried," Steve said when they finally pulled apart, one hand on Tony's shoulder, the other cupping his face.
"I've—" Stane stammered, then turned towards Steve, eyes flashing. "You tricked me! You were wired!"
Tony sat up, one hand fondling his cock with light, tentative touches as he watched Steve undress. Steve couldn't resist doing the same, taking hold of his shaft for a few strokes, showing off for Tony.
Even though Steve probably does deserve some gratitude, Tony can't help lashing out at him. "Well, thank you. Thank you so much for meddling in my affairs and completely screwing them up."
"Huh. Sorry," Happy said, grabbed his coffee again, and stayed still, though he didn't sit down.
"I found my—" Steve stumbles, looking for the right word, since Tony is not his teammate anymore, and they're not on particularly good terms—but he settles on "friend," anyway. "He was lost on the fell, and he's badly hypothermic. I have to get him to a hospital."
Steve was gone, and it hurt more than losing his arm. He would've happily given both arms to keep Steve alive. He would've given his life. Steve had been the closest thing to family he'd had, and now he had no one.
It felt nice, very nice, but Steve needed more. He pushed his hips up. "Go on, go on," he urged. "As hard as you feel like."
"Would you like to talk about it?" Iron Man asked. He didn't need to elaborate. They'd both been out there, on that mission, and Iron Man clearly hadn't missed that it had left Steve shaken, that he’d retreated to hide as soon as he could.
"That's the wishlist," Tony agreed, his porridge sitting on the table half-finished, his fingers wrapped around a coffee mug. "It's just missing one key detail: we'd like to pull off all this without Hydra realizing what's happened."
"Completely worth the risk," Tony added. He shifted closer to Steve and pressed his shin lightly against Steve's under the table.
He half expected Iron Man to start fussing about his injuries, but instead, he stayed close to Steve, in something that very much resembled a hug, one arm around Steve's back. Then, to Steve's astonishment, he took off his gauntlets.
He hadn't understood the language Stark and the dinosaur had been speaking, and he didn't think anyone else in the group had, either, which meant that they couldn't know if Stark was telling the truth about what he'd said. Maybe he'd actually been sending out a message asking for help. That would mean they had even more reasons to hurry, in case more monsters showed up to rescue their favorite henchman.
There was a loud crash, and suddenly Steve was there, standing by his side.
"Oh, thank God," Steve says, his voice stifled. "I was so sure you were gone. I've never been this glad to be wrong."
"I'll tell you everything when I know for sure I can trust you," Stark said.
Tony squints at the slightly fuzzy image on the cracked lens. The view looks similar in all directions, but he thinks there might be a structure of some kind by the largest lake he can discern in the distance. It's too rectangular to be a natural feature; it might be a house or a hut of some kind. It's difficult to estimate the distance to it, and he's got none of the advanced functionalities that the OS in his glasses usually offers. It took all his skills and genius, not to mention a lot of fiddling, with only a simple knife for a tool, to extract the remaining intact components. The best he could accomplish was the current setup, with a camera and a transmitter on the kite, and the paired display on the lens.
Bucky crossed his arms—Steve noticed that one of his hands looked metallic, like he was wearing a gauntlet—and swallowed. Steve could've sworn there was guilt in his expression. "I'm not sure," Bucky said. "Sometime during the ride."
Before Tony's had time to come up with anything suitably nonchalant to say, Steve stands up. "Now that's decided, I think I'd better go."
Everyone had some kind of an opinion on soulmates. That was a fact. Tony wouldn't believe anyone who said they didn't. Not to mention that he and Rhodey had debated the topic countless times in various states of inebriation. He knew Rhodey was an agnostic in the matter, reserving judgement in case someone managed to come up with smoking gun evidence.
Bucky stared at the bottom of the bunk bed above him and listened to his roommates' snoring. He couldn't sleep, and he wasn't even sure he wanted to. He couldn't stop thinking about the day's events and about everything Stark had told him over the past month. The notion that everything he'd come to believe after he'd woken up in Crabb Castle might be a lie weighed heavily on his mind.
Steve's plan for the day had mainly revolved around having a proper chat with Tony, and then winging it from there. He still hadn't found Tony, and had no idea where to look for him, either. Clearly, he'd need to change his approach.
Maya Hansen, a bookish historian, had been away for a month, and now her house was on fire. Tony had been away on an expedition for a month, and he'd ended up involved in two fires.
Steve turns towards him, instantly folding away the paper. "I promised I'd stick around, didn't I?" he replies, with a slight smile, which seems out of place with the depression beard.
Your teammates that were your soulmates.
He's immeasurably glad when Steve returns with the pizza, and practically pushes Obie away from Tony with the plate.
Tony started pacing, first walking straight towards Steve, so that Steve found himself holding his breath and hoping and praying that whatever powers Tony had, they didn't include enhanced hearing. They probably didn't, since Tony didn't pay any particular attention to the barrels, just turned around and headed away, towards the water, and then back again.
Steve had hoped that after being to hell and back in one very long sleepless night, he'd doze off as soon as he had the chance. Lying down in the dark, quiet room, cozy under his blanket, the pain in his head and neck down to a dull background ache, it should've been easy. Unfortunately, though not unexpectedly, it turned out to be everything but.
"Did you pick this?" Steve asked out of curiosity, nodding at the window.
He reached for the water bottle to rinse away the phantom taste of copper in his mouth. It was almost empty. He drank the last drops and got up, slowly and cautiously, the concrete cold and rough under his bare feet. He still felt dizzy, but not overwhelmingly so.
"No, come on, I want to hear it," Steve insisted.
"Steve! You all right?" Tony asked urgently. "What the hell just happened?"
"He's probably right," Steve said.
Steve lingered at the tail of the retreating procession, making sure that everyone else got away, fighting off the Northerners who tried to follow. Luckily, there weren't many. Steve and the others had incapacitated a good few, and in the current confusion, some seemed to have decided to pull back. The explosion in the castle probably seemed like a more pressing concern to them than escaping prisoners or a small group of would-be intruders who'd never even made it inside the town walls.
"I guess that will do," Jarvis relented. "And yes, he's all right, more or less."
Steve took hold of his hand to stop him. “Sure, of course. Just let me.”
Steve would've had a lot of thoughts to share about that, about how his views on this specific frame had changed over the past weeks, and what plans he had for its future, but now really wasn't the time. "As fake frames go, it's decent," he said modestly, and spread his legs to give Tony even better access to said frame.
"Steve?"
He was itching for a drink, but even he wasn't quite reckless enough to add alcohol to the mix while subjecting himself to an unprecedented genetics experiment. He tried to distract himself with armor upgrade ideas, instead, but it wasn't working; his mind kept going back to all the times he'd fought side by side with Steve while wearing the armor, and the way he'd felt Steve's presence when he'd taken the helmet off.
That was what the Mayor had said, too, but as far as Bucky knew, she'd never actually stepped foot in the enemy's cities. "And you've been there yourself, to see what it's like?" he asked Mona.
"How's your arm?" she asked conversationally.
So much for sleeping indoors tonight.
"There isn't," Stark said. Surprisingly, he didn't appear as demoralized as Bucky felt. He seemed determined, and when he spoke, his voice was stronger, even if his sentences were terse with the lack of breath. "But I'm not the only one who needs help." He turned his face away from Bucky, towards the cell across from his, where the dinosaur had fallen quiet. Maybe it was listening to this conversation. "They've done nothing wrong," Stark went on. "None of them deserve to be here."
"Prop him up, quickly," Rhodey advised. "That should help with his breathing."
The receptionist returned and placed a black leather wallet on the counter, the same one Tony had kept in his pocket.
Steve frowned at him. "You must be really grasping at straws to need the help of a purported criminal who's been on ice for over eighty years."
Steve had barely had enough time to wrap his mind around this sight when something exploded in the castle behind them.
Steve let himself sit down on the makeshift bed again, kneading his sore neck. "Yeah, I remember. Sorry about that. You sleep okay?"
He's made it very clear to JARVIS that he doesn't want to see people. If it's anyone other than Pepper, Rhodey, Happy or Obie, all of whom have got keys, anyway, they'll be told Tony's not at home. What JARVIS is saying should be against his programming.
Tony doesn't know how to bring it up with Pepper, so he tries to avoid the topic, but he can only do that for so long. When he finally does tell her, it's because of a practical necessity. Doing maintenance is kind of tricky. It's not something he really took into account when putting the device together. The way CyberLife designs their parts, they're not meant to be serviced without removing them, which is something Tony can't do. He wouldn't last five minutes if he took out the reactor.
"And what if I don't want to?" Tony asked.
"Tony! We've got NYPD police cars on the landing platform," Ultron announced, the voice ringing loud and urgent through the room's speakers. It took Steve a moment to realize the AI was addressing Stane, using the false name like he was programmed to.
Tony was still sitting in the chair; Steve thought it was time to choose a better setting. Remembering how Tony had enjoyed being manhandled last time, Steve grabbed each of his thighs to lift him up. Tony made a yelp that sounded surprised, but also delighted. He hurriedly moved his hands to Steve's back to balance himself, and hooked his heels behind Steve's legs.
"Who did?" Steve asked.
When he sets off again, retracing his steps around the lake, he realizes that with all the time he's spent on food, he might not make it to the hut by the end of the day. Then again, since the sun doesn't set and he's not particularly tired, there's no reason for him to stop for the night. Besides, the faster he moves, the more likely he is to get to the hut before Tony. Maybe he can avoid an awkward second encounter altogether.
Tony laughed, a chilling, joyless, almost deranged sound. He shook his head once more, pressing a hand over his eyes. "That's what you always say. No. I'm done playing. I quit. Go away."
Natasha made a face, not looking entirely reassured. "What's important is, I know a lot about the North, and who holds power over there."
The guard narrowed his eyes, but gave a curt nod, so Steve loosened the gag.
"Come on, help me with these," Tony urged, his hands tugging at his waistband.
"Sounds like the way to go, yes," Steve agreed. Maybe someday, he'd be more at ease letting his two personas overlap. Right now, he was just relieved that Tony didn't press the matter.
Steve swallowed. "How do you mean?"
The water was ice-cold, and the visibility close to zero. Steve found himself navigating mostly by sound; he could hear the desperate noises Maya was making. Groping blindly, he soon managed to grab her by the shoulder. She didn't understand what was happening, and tried to punch him, but there was very little strength behind it. Steve used her clothes to pull himself deeper so he could get hold of the shackle around her ankle. He grabbed it with both hands and wrenched. It wasn't particularly sturdy, and broke easily. Maya nearly kicked him in the face when her foot suddenly came free and she started swimming upwards.
"Eurgh." Tony shuddered and pulled a face. "For the record, I hate that name. With a fiery passion. That, and pretty much everything else that has to do with amoromics."
The way Pepper was speaking about Tony was in line with everything Steve had heard from Tony's other friends, and with Tony's reputation. If it turned out to be the truth, then there was a good chance something bad had happened to him last night after he left the bar, which made it all the more crucial for Steve to try and track him down, and fast.
There had been many elderly people among the wounded, people who were the age Steve would be now if he hadn't ended up in the ice. Some of them might've been veterans. Steve had thought one man had even looked vaguely familiar, like they might have met in his past life. He'd reached out towards Steve, his hand covered in blood from where he'd clutched the bullet wound in his side, the fear deep in his eyes.
Tony's shoes are coated in mud and as wet as the rest of him. Getting rid of them and his equally wet and shabby socks reveals the damage done by miles and miles of walking in inappropriate footwear. Steve can only imagine how painful the many blisters must have been, and he's convinced that the only reason the skin doesn't look red and inflamed is that there's barely any circulation left in Tony's extremities.
He entered yet another elevator and asked for the street floor again, only to get a cheerful reply from Ultron: "Oops, I should've probably told you earlier. You don't have access to levels below the 50th. Sorry about that."
Once again, he's reluctant to let go of sleep. Now, it's mostly because he expects it will confirm that Steve is nowhere in sight, and has never been around in the first place. He does manage to drift off for a little longer, but eventually, he can't avoid facing reality again.
There was another drone on the living room floor, as unmoving as the first one had been. Pepper guided them past it. Instead of the elevator, they seemed to be headed straight for the windows on the other side of the room.
"To be honest, I didn't expect you to just walk in here, alone and unarmed," Ultron went on conversationally. "What's your plan, Cap?"
New York wasn't entirely unfamiliar. Sure, it was bigger and flashier, cars looked a bit different, and clothing styles had changed and gotten more varied, but he would've still recognized it as his city without a moment's hesitation. Then again, some things had evolved beyond the wildest, most futuristic visions Steve remembered from the past, like computers and telephones. In fact, telephones were tiny computers now, and with the internet, every single one of them contained more information than any library Steve had ever visited.
Tony frowns. “What did you dream last night?”
I look like?”
“Nice to see you too,” Steve calls out from behind him.
“Yeah,” Tony mutters. “So… you see, I’ve found myself in fucking Love Actually.” He pauses. “And I don’t even really
Tony lifts his head and sees into the black chamber ahead of him. Panic claws at his throat and fear opens like a pit in his stomach, before spreading up into his lungs.
Once they’d had the kids, Tony had decided to work from home, mostly, considering most of his engineering happened in his workshop anyway and he could sign paperwork anywhere. It made it easier that one of them stayed at home, so they could watch over the immediate wants and needs of the kids, and then, when Steve came home, they swapped. Tony went down to the workshop, and Steve dealt with playtime and dinner.
“Yeah, I, uh, I made some calls and finally got in touch with someone who’s an expert in prisoners of war and handling their rehabilitation,” Tony explains. “He and James have been meeting.”
Tony nods.
“We have something to tell you guys,” Tony says, carefully.
“Oh, please,” Tony scoffs, “It’s because you’ve been getting it from someone else, on the side, while I have been
“It is my fault. You wouldn’t have such a terrible view of yourself if I hadn’t made you think that I wanted someone else,” Steve says, solemn, pained. “That’s on me, Tony.”
He knows what Eshe would say if she could see him now, hear what he’s thinking. She would say that he’s been needlessly harsh towards himself, that it’s not a bad thing that he wants to be close to them, that he’s been kind and generous for wanting to give them this moment for themselves, after they’ve missed out on so much, but that he should want to be a part of this, the genesis of this new relationship, that it doesn’t make him a terrible person for wanting to be a part of this.
going to come home-”
Steve pulls back, his hands still on Tony’s hips. “What are you talking about?” he asks, confusion marring his brow.
“We should go,” Tony says, quickly. “James is right. We don’t know if anyone else is coming back here.”
“Not gonna lie, I wouldn’t mind seeing that,” Tony jokes.
Tony snorts. He’d be surprised if Hodge understood half of the words that Agent Carter had just said.
“Sixteen thousand,” Tony says, promptly.
James closes his eyes like Tony’s words are a blow to him. “You never have to thank me for any of this.”
“Don’t swear at your father, Tony,” his mother says, mildly.
“And you left before we wake up?” Peter accuses.
Tony frowns. “Dwārakā? Why Dwārakā?”
Tony refuses to point out the irony of Steve calling anyone
Tony shrugs. “People have been talking about me as long as I can remember. Let them,” he says, belligerently. “I wanted to see you before tomorrow.” He pauses. “How are you feeling?”
Steve sucks in a sharp breath. “I suppose that I shall send for Bucky.”
Card Number: 4066
Tony’s throat flexes – what can he possibly say to that?
“That is not–”
He slips out of the bed, hurtling towards the bathroom, and immediately up-ends the contents of his empty stomach into the toilet bowl, curling his arms around the base.
“You got married at eighteen. A lot of people marry at eighteen,” Natasha says, quietly. “A lot of those marriages fail. I just didn’t want Steve to get hurt.”
He touches Tony’s cheek, and Tony bats it away.
“Okay?” Tony’s voice is sharper this time around.
Finally, after the tenth time they’ve waterboarded him after he tells them to fuck off, he collapses into exhaustion and darkness.
,” he accuses.
“Should we–” Tony trails off, unsure of how to phrase what he wants to ask.
James’ mouth tips up, not a smile but close. “I think I know more about her than you do,” he says, lofty and light. He turns to Tony, his face bright, knifelike. “She’s a Russian assassin.”
Steve tells her that he could have talked to Sam about it, but he knew that Sam would push him to tell Tony the truth about SHIELD and considering how long they’d been together and how long he’d been keeping that secret, it was going to end up in a clusterfuck of epic proportions that he was scared Tony and he wouldn’t survive.
Steve steps in front of Tony.
The man shakes his head. “That time is passed.”
“-because friends do that,” James cuts in.
Toni hums. “Not for a couple a while; just enough to watch another episode of
The head of Grant’s cock presses against Tony’s rim, and he bites down against the pressure, the soreness, the dryness, all of it, as he stretches unforgivably around his cock.
Steve feels around, and his hands land on Tony’s shoulders.
“Long enough,” Steve replies, grimly.
Peter follows at a more sedate pace, and then, he’s standing in front Steve with his arms outstretched, hope shining across his face. Steve grins and crouches down so that he can lift Peter into his arms as well, on the other side, and hug both of their children to him tight.
“Why do you think people rush back into work after they have kids?” Sam asks, gently. “Because kids are hard. It doesn’t mean that you love them less, but childrearing is
“Steve, we can still get married,” he says, carefully, sucking in an unsteady breath.
Tony’s eyes droop shut, and then he jerks awake, rattling his head as if it were a radio drifting off station. He tumbles out of bed, throws open the window and takes a deep breath.
The plane is practically screaming now, as it lands on the screen, and Tony and Natasha are in stitches on the floor, barely able to contain the laughter so that Pepper’s mother won’t hear on the other end.
Tony’s brow furrows. “I didn’t protect myself,” he tells him. “I let him do what he liked with me; only when I couldn’t take it anymore did I take a knife to his throat.”
Maybe he is just as bad as he thinks Steve is.
James’ face twists up at the mention of the name in some undefinable way, but Tony doesn’t press it.
you want to do, we’ll do. If you want to sit here, we can sit here. If you want to cry, you cry. If you want to go and throw shit, we will go and throw shit. If you want to go and set things on fire, I have a flamethrower down in the workshop–”
“Oh, my God, don’t make me choose,” Tony moans.
It will never happen, but it is a lovely dream.
that they love you. I know that they want the four of us to be a family, and yeah, they want to marry me, but I won’t do anything if you don’t want me to. I meant what I said earlier, baby. I don’t love anyone more than I love you. You are the most important person in my life, and you always will be.”
“I don’t care. Shirt off.”
His fingers withdraw from Tony’s body, and the hand that was on his cock, wet with pre-come bands around Tony’s throat.
“I have four years on you,” Lord Steven replies. “It would not… it would not be right. It would be immoral and irresponsible.”
Tony’s knee-deep in laundry and it’s the middle of the day, when JARVIS alerts him to a presence just beyond the front door.
Steve looks unsure for a moment. “Was that okay? I don’t want to do anything that you don’t want.”
“Hm, maybe, she just likes you. You know, a lot of people do find me objectionable,” Tony teases, half-heartedly.
“Oh, fuck, fuck,” Tony hisses.
“Tony,” Steve says, in a voice that makes Tony think that he’d desperately like to change the subject.
He’d destroy them if he could, turn them into nothing the same way that they turned Tony into nothing.
“Oh?” Tony lifts an eyebrow. “What was it like then? Let me guess, you wanted me to think that you were fucking my husband so I’d do something crazy and hysterical and you’d have conclusive evidence that I was no good for him, that I wasn’t good enough for him? Is that what you were trying to do?”
woman, who means the world to me and–”
There’s a lot he could tell James, about how love and family and raising kids don’t involve keeping score, about how Steve hated his job and he did it for Tony and the kids, and Tony had the flexibility to work from home and take care of the kids, so he’s happy to do everything else.
He heads straight for the door.
Tony steps back and grabs a container of cleaning solution still on the shelf. He pops open the lid and pours it all over Obadiah, and the fire spreads across his body – he’s already dead by this stage, after the bloodletting, but it fills Tony with this incomparable satisfaction to see Obadiah burn.
James grins, slightly. “You know, baby doll, you slept for a long time. I think you were really tired. Stevie and I woke up a couple of hours ago. We were gonna wake you up to eat something, but we figured you needed the sleep. When it was time to pick up the kids, Steve offered to go and grab ‘em, take ‘em to wherever they needed to go today. So, I decided to grab another nap with you.”
“-so, yeah, I am compromised. I
Tony grinds his teeth. “That is not fair.”
“Caroline came to talk to me,” Tony offers.
“And you married him?”
“No, you don’t… you don’t know what it means to me,” James says, wistfully.
Zola peers down inside the hole, over the crown of his rounded spectacles. “I’m afraid we must be going now, Dr. Rogers. Our prize is awaited in Berlin. But I do not wish to leave you down in that awful place...” He gives Rumlow a little signal with his fingers, “... all alone.”
“I’m at hour seventy-five,” Tony mutters. “I need something strong, Steve.” He looks at him. “How about you?”
it bothered me!” Steve barks at him. “You weren’t here; no one knew where you were; the kids were stressing out, which stressed me out-”
“Pepper?” he asks in a small voice.
Tony watches him go, resisting the urge to lay his head in his hand and sigh like he’s a teenage boy.
. With one final, brutal thrust, Steve comes in a shout, and Tony can feel the change in James’ body above him, as Steve’s orgasm ripples through his body, his ears full of the wet, obscene noise of him continuing to fuck James through the mess of lube and his come, the hot-slick-messy-slide that makes his cock spurt out pre-come onto his belly.
Grant follows his eyes and finds Barnes standing there, staring at them. He leans into Tony, their shoulders knocking together (Barnes terrifies him so greatly, a powerful alpha figure, that he doesn’t even baulk at his goodbrother touching him with so much familiarity).
“I have sent for a bath,” Natasha murmurs. “You can clean up when it gets here. I suggest you go back into the room, though, when the maids get here, because then, they will see you covered in blood, and that will… result in questions that you don’t want asked.”
Tony smiles, bright. “I would love to.”
Tony remembers that day as well, when he’d come alone and brought the children and dealt with their tears at the abject horror of being separated from him for something like six to seven hours a day, and by one, that first day, since they’d allowed the parents to pick them up a lot earlier than a normal school day, they’d huddled against him for the rest of the day and were determined to watch every episode of Rugrats that they possibly could.
“Don’t,” Bucky warns. “You’re jumping to conclusions that don’t make sense here.”
Steve snorts. “Tell me about it.”
“Steve!” Tony shouts.
Steve leans forward, eagerly, now that there’s some hope. “A bronze piece, about this size. In the shape of the sun, probably broken off at the bottom, has a little hole in it, off-center. Does that sound familiar.”
“I love you, I love you very much, Stevie. I always have, I always will,” James tells him, solemn and strained.
Phillips looks at the gaunt faces of the men behind Steve, and he nods.
“You went to MIT. Is that how you got involved?” Sam clarifies.
“Until now,” Steve retorts.
He takes his usual seat with Steve, who gapes at him.
toppling backward, and Steve is coming with him.
During the night, Lord Steven refuses to touch him, even when Tony braves a hand on his hip, his belly, and even, stretches lower, before Lord Steven grasps his wrist, not in a tight, punishing grip, but a warning one, nonetheless.
“Really?” Tony quirks an eyebrow. “Because I remember what happened very differently. I remember waking up one morning, and the bedsheets were cold. There was a letter on the pillow, and it said,
Tony snorts. “Fuck no. They’re buried wherever it was he was working. Probably preserved real good, too. In the snow.” He looks away, his mask melting away, the hardness cracking. He grasps a decanter of scotch from the shelf, pouring himself a drink.
The coffee table and the dining table and the kitchen counter is absurdly full of pieces of paper.
The bed sheet is no longer on the bed. The killer, materialising out of the shadow again, holds it between his hands like a garrotte. He looks up and leers at Tony, then moves for Natasha.
“We can’t move her. She might… she might have a spinal injury or something,” he muses. “We should call the ambulance.”
And then, because cooking in the Stark-Rogers-Barnes’ household, especially when the latter two are involved, either ends really well or really badly, the vine leaves go up in flames.
Tony snorts. “Yeah, that’s not happening.”
husband? Steve? Blonde hair, tall, blue eyes, built like a linebacker,
Tony smooths his hand over Steve’s hair.
having an affair?”
Steve turns around to see him and stands, surprised. “Tony,” he murmurs in that way of his, like he’s trying to express a hundred different emotions in a single word.
“Sorry, Appa,” he says.
Tony turns his head, burying his face in the sheets, his mouth a slack, wet smear, parting for that vibrator like a wet, ripe peach, as Steve keeps thrusting, setting the rhythm punishing, and Tony’s hands fist in his hair, like he’s barely resisting the urge to claw his face to red, bloody ribbons.
Steve takes a deep breath, and Tony thinks that if he flattened his palm against Steve’s chest, he would feel his heart pounding like a jackhammer.
“Hey, Cap, my brother says you took out four German tanks all by yourself,” one of the children says, excitedly.
“You think you’ve got enough?” Steve jokes, flatly.
“I know,” he says, quietly.
Steve nods.
James groans, his head falling back, as Tony gets a good grip around him and starts stroking upwards, the heel of his hand rubbing over the head of his cock, where the pre-come starts to bead. Once he’s completely firmed up, Tony drags his teeth over his lower lip.
Toni narrowed her eyes. “You do realise that I’m an adult, and I don’t need anyone’s permission to get married, let alone a man’s,” she pointed out. “And besides, I am the head of my family, so if you really wanted permission, you would have asked me.”
“You never… but you
Tony chews on his lower lip and decides to be honest.
“I think so. I’m fairly certain. I’m like… 97% sure.”
“Oh,” Steve’s eyes are as big and round as the moon. “Shit, sorry. Nat, this is Tony Stark, my husband. Tony, this is Natasha; she’s a friend from work.”
“You pretty much already did it,” Tony says, and his words are a death knell in any argument that Steve might have thrown back in his face.
Tony sighs. “James.”
Tony gnaws on his lower lip, so full, stretched wide around the not meagre girth of James’ cock, reduced to dirty little grinds of his hips to at least prove to himself that he’s doing something here instead of lying there like a dead fish while James takes himself out on his pliant body. He undulates his hips back, his breath caught somewhere in his throat, as James takes him apart, as if they had never missed years together, as if they’d never been parted, as if they’d spent all these years together and this, the three of them, that’s all they’d ever been and could ever be.
The corporal nods and leaves the room, leaving Tony and Peggy alone with the colonel.
,” Steve says, without stumbling over any of the syllables.
Sam scowls. “Hey, it’s a piece of quality media.”
“I love you,” Steve hums, his nose nudging into Tony’s dark, thick hair, and kisses the back of his neck.
Wanda pours two cups of
Tony snorts. “I wouldn’t say without jealousy. There was plenty of it before Steve actually got a good look at James.”
“Why, Dr. Rogers, whatever are you doing in such a nasty place?” Rumlow taunts and he and Zola start laughing.
“What’s his blood type?” the nurse demands. “Do you know? Where are your parents?”
“The right partner,” he answers. He smiles at Steve and heads out. “I’ll see you later,” he says, deliberately.
He wants to wake up.
“They’re changing into their pyjamas. Why?”
His cock is still above-average length, and when he curls his long, thin fingers around the base, it swells up in his palm unaided and on cue. So, he knows there’s no problem in that area.
The lighter ejects, and Tony grabs it, turning it over to look at the burner, which is glowing red-hot.
He laughs, harsh and grating. “And here I was worried about a seductive, voluptuous redhead, when I should have been worried about his best friend coming back to life.”
“I’m afraid an auction is not possible.” He pauses, purposefully. “Your fire is dying here, Herr Stark.” There’s a beat, and then, his voice lowers, threateningly. “Why don’t you tell us where the piece is right now?”
at the idea of anyone, let alone fucking HYDRA, putting their hands on his kids, on his babies, the reasons for his existence.
James makes a face.
For a moment, Tony’s heart is in his throat, and then, from among the tents, Steve suddenly bursts into view, happily astride a magnificent white stallion, galloping off across the dig site.
!” James barks down at him. “Would you just listen to me? The guy’s nowhere near your kids, Tony. I’ve bugged his place.”
Tony lets his eyes roll upward to stare at the ceiling.
Toni gaped at him. “Wait, what?”
“I’m here,” a deep, rough voice says.
it,” Tony snaps, like a bowstring curling in on itself. “At least do me the decency of telling me the truth,
He turns around a corner, and there are two bodies tied to the pipes along the back wall.
Steve shakes his head, a furrow appearing above his brow. “Oh, I don’t even remember anymore. But it’s normal, right? Everyone has nightmares once in a while.”
“Makes sense. It’s going to be a quite intense day.” Tony purses his lips. “May I sit?”
James flinches and leans back, and the warmth of his hand leaves Tony.
,” Tony snarls, his mouth pulled back to bare his teeth. “You
that a
response too, baby. You wouldn’t have liked it very much if I’d laid there like a dead fish, right? You wanted to feel like a proper, strapping man, making your husband fly into pieces at your mere touch. You wanted me to say all of those things, indulge in your little possessive kick, because you wanted to feel safe and secure in the knowledge that no one can make me feel the way I do but you, because you think, you think if you satisfy this part of me, this obscene part of me that craves orgasms, you can be safe within your marriage. You don’t have to do anything else if you can do this for me, right? You don’t have to be worried about anything else if you know you’ve still got it, if you know you can still fuck me better than anyone else can. You’ve come a long way from the virgin who got into a bar fight for me, haven’t you?”
“Hey!” Steve protests.
“No, we shouldn’t do this,” Steve says, his eyes focused on Toni and then, they make their way to the set-up of the wedding behind them.
Unfortunately, Steve’s not like that too. He takes a short, choppy breath, and then, his expression settles.
“Did you…” he lowers his voice. “Did you talk, the two of you?”
Tony nods, fervently, and slips off Steve’s lap onto the floor, ignoring how the carpet rubs against his slowly aging knees.
Steve laughs, harsh and grating, and then, it devolves into a sob as he hangs his head. He rubs at his eyes, almost furiously.
Steve tells her about the kids, how impotent he’d been, how he’d managed to not do anything other than follow Tony’s lead.
true.” He falls abruptly quiet. “I guess… I just thought it was best left in the past.”
“Okay, good. Keep the headset.”
He doesn’t know if that’s ironic or that just makes him pathetic.
“James, he needed my help with something, so I went to him. Nothing happened.”
It doesn’t not happen, and then, when Tony wakes up as the sun peeks above the horizon line, Lord Steven is absent from the bed.
“I’ve missed you too,” Steve says, gently.
“Why?”
would’ve said, of course, that’s when Tony feels like he’s married, like there’s something definitive that hadn’t occurred to him when the Catholic priest had been saying what he was saying.
James’ jaw is clenched hard, the muscle underneath throbbing.
“I won’t,” he says, firmly.
“I don’t care. I know what you did, Steve. I know that you’ve been sleeping with Natasha Romanoff. Even if she’s a fucking SHIELD agent instead of a receptionist, the end result is the same. You threw over your Indian husband and your Indian kids for your white mistress.”
He rips open the box, and inside is a row of audio cassette tapes and manila folders stuffed with glossy photos and paperwork. Steve helps him pull out the contents of the box.
Steve’s lips spread out and upwards in a grin, showing his teeth. “You’re gonna let me choose, baby?” he croons.
Tony makes a sound, fluttering his hand through the air, as the colour rises high in his face. “You’re just saying that because I’m willing to help you commit a number of felonies,” he says, embarrassed.
“Okay, this is going to end badly,” he says, his stomach rolling and tumbling, and he’s halfway certain that he’s going to vomit up the contents of his gut.
He brings the knife-fingernails over his chest, dragging hard, splitting open one of his nipples, from which maggots and worms pour out in a flurry.
“Couldn't get back to sleep at all,” she sings, echoing the words Tony had said the day before. “What did
“And you’re only choice was to come
He bites down on her throat, and she whines low in her throat.
“Fuck,” he curses under his breath.
yours, Steve.”
Now that Tony is aware that things have changed between him and Steve, become wrong and broken, he thinks things should get better, just by virtue of him acknowledging the problem.
Tony nods. “That’s what he told me, that SHIELD was looking for him, watching him, and he needed my help to throw them off. So, I started helping him.” He looks away. “I never really lost that, you know?”
“Yes, he was, and I will mourn him as my brother, but I will not mourn him as my omega’s rapist,” Steve says, his voice sharpening around the edges of those last words.
A knock comes on the door. “Sir?”
fucking patronise me by treating me like I’m breakable.”
“Tony,” Steve says, tugging him away from his shoulder so that he can look Tony in the eye. “Tony, I fucked up the night that Natasha died. I fucked up. You asked me for one thing, and I couldn’t do it. I fell asleep, and I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I… I’ll never forgive myself for that. I’ll never forgive myself for letting you down, for letting Natasha down. I’m so fucking sorry.” His voice becomes rough. “But I
“I could,” Tony reminds him, and he doesn’t know how to explain this knot in his belly, the desire to be named the villain in this story so that he can finally be at peace. “I might have taken him into my bed willingly, and at the thought of you discovering what we have done, I killed him so as to spare me further dishonour.”
“Yeah, because he feels guilty,” James says, derisively. “You deserve better than that too. You deserve someone who only thinks of you, who only dreams of you.”
Steve grimaces and nods.
Toni sends them a flat look. “You have got to be kidding me,” she says.
Tony peers at the Steve’s precise sketch of coordinates on a map.
“You were bartending in Bangalore. Something tells me that you’re weren’t particularly interested in how this war ended up until it came to your doorstep.”
“Like I was working for HYDRA, you mean?”
was turning you off me. And that’s not even fucking
“Lube?” he checks in, his lips a darker shade of pink and a little swollen.
He bats the image away like it’s poisonous.
you for it. So, what exactly is the problem?” Tony demands, folding his arms over his chest.
Nothing has been addressed between them; nothing is even acknowledged. Tony still thinks that Howard is a shitty father, and Howard still thinks that Tony is a disappointment for a son but is also simultaneously a victim of something horrible that he needs to protect.
Or maybe, he’s just overthinking all of this, and the twins still love him as they’ve always loved him.
“Not your most perfect compliment, my foot-”
“How are you doing?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, woodenly.
Her face is wide open with grief and determination, pleading and pained, something which Tony assumes never happens for this woman – she stands to lose a friend, a good friend, after everything, he thinks, because he also knows Steve, and he knows how much Steve loves him, and if Steve thought that Natasha was an obstacle in his marriage, after everything that had happened, after how close he came to losing Tony and losing their kids, Tony knows that he wouldn’t hesitate to cut Natasha out of his life, and those games that she played, they wouldn’t be helping her case at all.
Tony nods to himself, running his tongue between the seam of his lips. “You know how you said that the reason why your Daddy and I were married was because we love each other, and we want to stay together forever. How would you…
Bhim palms it in his hand. “Ah,” he says, and his eyes suddenly light up.
He surges up, his chest pressed against Tony’s, and Tony drapes his arms around Steve’s shoulders, keeping him pinned there.
The next morning, Tony walks into the mess hall with a split lip, a bruise on his cheekbone, and the imprint of fingers around his throat, showing like a damn prize that he’d earned.
Tony’s throat flexes. “Then, surely, your brother has chosen the right one.”
And then, his eyes find a hat, a workman’s hand, hanging on one of the hooks on the wall.
you say those things?”
Clearly that part of Tony’s confession is still nagging at him.
“How is she, uh, doing?” Tony asks, softly.
“Yeah, I’m sure. She wanted Tony out of this place so she could sink her claws into you, and you fucking fell for it and turned on Tony like the cowardly piece of shit I always thought you were,” James says, disgust lining his voice.
Steve and James both flinch at that; it shouldn’t matter to them, it should be obvious, for fuck’s sake, because he has never made it a secret how much he loves his children, how much he loves his children, how much he can’t breathe unless they’re safe and happy.
Natasha shrugs. “I will never apologise for having my friend’s best interests at heart, Tony,” she tells him, her voice sharpening around the edges of the words. “It’s the same reason why I gave him those pictures of you and the Winter Soldier. I thought you were cheating on him, and he deserved to know.”
“Wow, I wonder why I would think that,” Tony says, sarcastically. “That last night, when it was all done, you came home, and you were covered in blood, do you remember?”
Steve should cry.
There’s the venom again.
Steve’s brow dips down in concern, with just a smidge of disappointment. “You’re drinking,” he says, cautiously.
“But you look like gods,” Tony complains, throwing his arm over his eyes and keeping his gaze fixed on the ceiling.
“But you didn’t kill me.”
“Hi, honey,” Steve murmurs, leaning in to kiss him hard on the mouth.
Grant looks up at him at the sound of the door opening, and this is where he should stop, where he should withdraw immediately, maybe even blush a little, and the boy should leave, should run out of the room, terrified of the possibility that Tony will throw him out of the castle for his obscene behaviour.
“Not now,” he whispers.
“That’s entirely different.”
“I want to see Natasha Romanoff,” Tony insists.
“No,” Steve snaps. “No, you weren’t any of those things. I came home, and you protected yourself, while I was gone. You were protecting yourself, and I, I realised that you didn’t need me, not really, that you’d gone onto live without me, that you weren’t a child, that you were capable of protecting yourself.”
By midnight, Tony has figured out a way to travel back in time, and he’s torn between dancing like Tom Cruise in Risky Business and going up to cuddle with his husband and go to sleep.
Steve turns around from the stove, and his eyes light up. “Buck,” he says and claps the other man on the shoulder.
“Take care of my omega,” he says, firmly.
Tony blusters. “James wouldn’t do
“Yeah,” the satisfaction feels sick in his gut, “that’s what I thought.”
“They couldn’t sleep,” Tony explains, his voice barely above a deadpan.
Bhim inclines his head at Steve. “It is nice to meet you, Steve,” he says, shaking his hand.
“I don’t care that he did that,” Tony says, bluntly. “I don’t care that he… you know, disobeyed the rule of law and took it into his own hands, and he should’ve reported it to the cops, for all evidence of the guy’s misdeeds to be wiped clean before it even made it to the courts. So, I didn’t tell anyone. And we kept meeting, mostly because I kept searching him out. Sometimes, I think about why I was searching him out. I was unfulfilled, you know?” He gives Sam a half-smile. “I’ve been a genius in the world’s eyes since I was four. I did what I was supposed to do. I went to the school my father wanted to me to go to. I made guns and bombs when he wanted me to, because that’s what we did, that was
this marriage, clearly I was a fucking idiot,” he says, furiously. “Because you threw me away for someone else.”
Steve licks his lip, his eyes dragging hot over the length of Tony’s body, splayed out all over the sheets. He withdraws his hand, pulling his fingers out of Tony’s hole, and then, he slicks up his own cock with the oil, fisting it purposefully just to watch as Tony’s mouth goes dry, his tongue sticking to the roof.
“I… I… why would you even
“Everyone's got to dream,” Dr. Banner says, kindly. “If you don’t dream, you go…” He makes the universal spiralling sign at his temple that denotes insanity. “All set?”
,” Tony insists. “You take care of me too, and I will always take care of you.”
“I’m just really fucking glad to see you,” Steve tells him, knocking their foreheads together.
Tony shifts in his seat, uncomfortably. “Yes, I am sure.”
problem, not a
The man is gone.
my husband, I see it.”
“Richard,” the man replies, extending a hand and shaking Tony’s.
“Oh, my God,” he says, breathlessly, covering his face with his hand. “Fuck,
He can see Natasha in the cell, sleeping on the rough cot, rolling back and forth over the mattress in what is clearly a disturbed sleep. A long shadow slides across the wall.
“What are you guys up to?” Steve looks at him, and then, at Natasha, who looks just as displeased, and over Natasha’s shoulder is Pepper, lingering in the doorway.
He lets out a garbled, thin laugh, and out come those blades on his hands, like knives, which he runs almost seductively over the palm of his other hand.
“Except for you,” Steve points out, as he gets behind James, on his knees.
He lurches forward, and he slams his foot into the nearest body. Steve rolls off onto his back with a sharp sound. He looks up at Tony, ready to fight with him as well, and clearly, he sees something in Tony’s face that makes all the protest die on his tongue before they leave his mouth.
“Or… counter proposal, you can come in for coffee, and we can start watching Friends? All the seasons are on Netflix.”
“Nor do we need to risk any diseases.” Steve’s face is ashen. “Not that I-I think you have any diseases or anything,” he stammers, clearly concerned that he may have offended Tony, “because I’m sure you don’t, and I don’t mean to say that you’d lie to me about them, if you did, but you don’t so I suppose it’s… not even a thing we need to talk about. I don’t have those diseases, by the way, in case you were wondering–”
Steve’s throat flexes. “You mean after you told me that Natasha was going to die, and then, she did die, and now, you’re holding a hat that I’ve only seen in one place, and it’s on the head of the guy that’s been in my fucking nightmares the last couple of days? Yeah, I believe you.”
Steve barrels one more time into the door – the frame splinters, and they enter. Tony takes a step inside, slips and hits the ground, his hands and knees wet.
Tony hushes him, curling a hand around the nape of his neck. “It’s okay, baby. You can fuck me now. Fuck me
Steve pads his way over to him, naked and rippling with muscle, and Tony forces himself to not drag his eyes lower than Steve’s throat. Steve’s big hands cup the spurs of his hips, and Tony doesn’t fight him off, doesn’t bat his hands away, something inside him squirming, hungry, wanting. There’s a part of him that wants to let his head fall forward, knocking against Steve’s chest, and feel that indomitable grasp of his arms around Tony, the two of them fitting neatly against each other like the most perfect puzzle pieces.
, James?”
Tony smacks him hard across the face with the flat of his palm.
He eases a hand up his side, the heat of his palm bleeding through his skin and Tony’s clothes, so that his entire body lights up with it.
James frowns. “I’m sorry?”
“They don’t,” Tony agrees. “I’m a special case.”
, since he left me that morning after we had sex. I was… well, to say the least, I was furious.”
He snaps his hips forward again and again, until he’s dragging the air out of her lungs, and she can’t stop her hips from snapping back, trying to match each of his thrusts.
Tony swallows hard. “And you won me that giant teddy bear,” he says, softly. “I still have it.”
“That could either be really romantic or really stupid, and I’m having a hard time picking which.”
Tony shakes his head.
“Tony-” Sam says with an unsure tongue. He sighs. “You’re sure that you’ve called the ambulance?”
Steve chuckles, and his fist closes around the base of his cock, which beads with pre-come.
By the time he gets to the chorus again, the kids are sleeping, their eyes closed, huffing soft breaths, and Tony quickly shuffles down the length of the bed so that he can lay his head on the mattress.
“I was in
“Look, I can’t just destroy the bugs. It’s not that I don’t want to or that it’s not possible, because I could’ve just crush it under my boot, but… then, they’d know that I was onto them. I don’t want them to know that I’m onto them. I want them to think that they’ve won, that they’ve got me cornered.”
Tony starts shouting and thrashing; the resident gets kicked, dropping the syringe, and when he gets up, he glowers at Maushmi and Jarvis.
her house? Do they meet at her house? Tony bets that her house is nothing like his, has none of the little children’s drawings framed all over the place, the toys littering the floor. Natasha’s house is probably all clean, sharp lines, without a cushion out of place, the sort of house that Tony used to have before he got married, a blatant contrast to the time that Tony hunkered down with the twins and made a pillow fort. Natasha’s house probably has a pool, around which they lounge around, without a care or a responsibility for anything, Steve conveniently forgetting about his children and his husband, drinking whiskey by the bottle full, and Steve can sleep it off in her warm, luxurious bed, so he’s refreshed enough to come home to Tony and give him shit for having a glass of wine.
“I just like dancers; get off my back,” Tony says, defensively.
Tony slides to his feet. “I’ll be right back.”
know. It’s just… gonna take me some time. All I can say is that we’re nowhere near capable of this technology.”
He climbs out of the car, shouting out, “Come on, Steve!”
He drags his hand over his face, when a woman answers.
“Didn’t feel too bad about James killing him after that,” Tony says, quietly. “And now that I have my own kids-”
“You made me feel
“Oh.”
Maushmi sticks her lower lip out. “It was
He wakes up to shaking; it’s Steve.
“Oh, fuck, this is not going to end well,” he mutters under his breath.
“I miss them, I miss
Tony scowls and stalks towards him.
Maushmi smacks her lips against his stubbled cheek. “Of course,
“I hope so. Last night was very lonely in this bed.”
believe you.”
this whole time; you don’t get to come back to me today and act like I’ve soiled your perfect temple with my whorishness because I had the audacity to seek out orgasms before we even met. Secondly, don’t start this
Tony finds his smile broadening across his face, and he shakes his head at the sight.
“Not good,” Steve says, honestly. “He was the love of my life, and now he’s dead. I know,” he sighs, “I know it’s not my first rodeo, losing someone I love but this is… this is worse somehow, more definite. I know, I know he’s not coming back, and it’s going to take me some time to get used to that.”
Steve nods.
Wanda winces, as if expecting what’s about to come.
Tony shakes his head, his mood dulling. “All day long, I’ve been seeing that guy's weird face, and hearing those fingernails…” he trails off.
Steve nods, without saying a word.
The skit is an absolute failure.
, which is unfair because James has clearly been hurt so much to the point where he doesn’t even remember what his name is, what his mother looked like, or his best friend’s face.
“I guess I just don’t understand the European sense of humour, Doctor,” Phillips drawls. “You’re not thinking of picking Rogers, are you?”
“No,” he says, sternly, and her eyes are luminous, fixated on him, “come on my cock. Come on my cock
Tony’s shoulders slump. “That was like… years ago,” he complains.
“Yeah, pretty much,” Tony replies.
“Colonel,” he says, saluting, “some of these men need medical attention.”
There’s a man there as well, a man that Tony doesn’t immediately recognise, wearing a fedora with his arm slung around Howard’s shoulders.
They lay Natasha out onto the floor, and Tony chokes, flying forward, resting his knees at her hip. His hands hover over her, and Steve is crying, great, heaving sobs, in one corner of the cell, and he doesn’t know what to do, doesn’t know what to say.
“But why? I mean, you could have just let him find someone else,” Steve points out.
The colour rises in her face. “Look, I just… I don’t know what I was thinking,” she says, honestly. “I… I’d heard a lot about you, you know? Steve, he talks about you all the time, but he refused to introduce us, let me meet you. I was… hurt, I suppose.”
“We meet again, Herr Stark,” Zola purrs.
. And then, I never heard from you again. You
Wanda doesn’t look so certain, but in her defence, she doesn’t know anything about HYDRA or the poisoning of the water supply in Massachusetts.
“A dancing monkey,” he says, bitterly.
Tony gapes at him in disbelief. “What?”
“What?” Tony says, surprised.
Steve pulls back, a little worried. “Are you… are you offended?” he asks.
“Have you ever fucked him?”
“A Lego Death Star, you know, from Star Wars,” Peter replies, poking at Steve’s bicep with amazement.
Tony kisses him. “For you, only for you.”
Toni pauses. “Do you know what the new ring means?”
“I was scared.”
Tony touches his ears self-consciously. “Hey, I inherited these,” he says, defensively.
,” she shrieks, when her climax finally hits her like a freight train.
Tony sends him a condescending look. “Does it really matter? I killed your brother.”
“My lord,” Pepper says from behind him.
“No.”
Steve leans back on his haunches and grabs at his cock. “I’m going to give you a choice,” he says, slowly. “You can suck on my cock, and I can come all over your pretty face,
“Ma’s keeping something from me too,” Steve tells him. “She’s not saying it in as many words, but I know there’s something wrong, something that she knows about all of this.”
“Where are you going?”
Lord Steven climbs under the sheets, and Tony turns around, lying on his back. “They will think me barren,” he says, after a moment, braving the words.
They haven’t really explained the concept of
“I don’t think there is much you can say,” Tony replies. He hesitates. “Does this mean, well, do you believe me?”
Tony shakes his head. “You know you can lose the deposit for that,” he rebukes, observing them with a clinical gaze as best as he can with as much as he can see.
“Listen, Mom, I have to go. I think there's been an accident out front. I–”
For a moment, Tony thinks it’s done, that Steve is dead, and the moment stretches into eternity, but then, Steve appears out of the darkness and the dust like something vengeful and unnatural.
Tony immediately sits up and looks at the open window. A single, bone-white feather floats down before it's sucked outside and is gone. He looks at the closed door, before he grabs a jacket draped over the armchair in the room, donning it. He climbs out of the window, sliding down the rose trellis.
“God, I hate that knothead,” Tony mutters under his breath.
Steve never activates the transponder.
Tony snorts. “It’s been tested more than you have.”
Steve grabs Tony, pulling him in front of Steve, as though to use him as a shield, but then, he flips the submachine gun on Tony’s back, towards the Nazis. He opens fire, turning Tony’s body so he can mow all five down.
Tony lets his head fall back against the sheets. “Yes, yes, put your cock back inside me. I want you to fuck me so stupid that I can’t even see straight.”
Tony frowns and looks around the park. “Is she here?” he asks, worriedly.
“Steve,” Bucky says, his voice betraying his uncertainty.
“They would never have found it.” Tony rolls his eyes. “Our kids are smart, Steve; hell, they might even be geniuses, but they’re not
“Which is why you’re going to stay here,” Steve says, stubbornly.
Tony leans forward, laying the glass down on the edge of the coffee table. “I don’t know, darling; what was your comment about the drinking supposed to mean?”
“Sir, I am worried that you are desperately checking whether the house is secure because you wish to avoid going to bed,” JARVIS tells him. “And I believe the reason why you are avoiding going to bed, even though it is already quite late is because Master Steve has not yet returned home.”
“He shouldn’t be talkin’ like that to you,” Steve insists, passionately.
“Can I wear my kilt?”
“Would you… would you keep an eye on him?” he asks James, twisting his head over his shoulder.
“I was with Loki,” Tony says and resists the urge to shift on his feet in discomfort.
A shadow crosses Steve’s face. “Look, what happened,
“Oh,” Tony says, lamely, folding his hands in his lap. “So, that means… that means that Natasha knew; she knew all this time, and she didn’t tell me either.”
She says it like she’s almost hurt that he would even think that.
“Tony!”
Tony huffs out a laugh and sinks back into the chair. “God, it’s such a fucking long story.”
“Any time.”
Steve chuckles and rubs his hand over his head. “So, I guess… that’s not a good idea,” he says, quietly. “I was just looking for some… some deus ex machina, I suppose.” He has a rueful smile plastered across his handsome face. “Lang sounded so confident, and I just went with it. It was a long shot, I should’ve known that.”
He looks at Steve, and his voice falters.
And the sad thing is that he does; he has Rhodey, he knows that, he’ll always have Rhodey; before James and Steve and even the kids, he had Rhodey, but Rhodey isn’t here; Rhodey is somewhere else, flying combat missions, and Tony is stuck worrying that one day, he’ll get that inevitable call from someone in the Air Force to tell him that Rhodey is dead, Rhodey is gone from this world, and he won’t even need the call because he will have known, he will have known in his heart that Rhodey was gone.
More of the kids are standing, shouting at him, “Look out! Behind you!”
The dread opens up like a pit in his belly, as he listens to his mother.
“Yeah, I do,” Tony says, his voice not above a whisper.
Tony flinches, still having enough of that South Indian propriety, sense of shame, that it makes spots of colour bloom all over his body.
“Because those are your only options, lab rat or dancing monkey?” Tony says, dryly.
bitch, and Steve startles, as if he’d completely forgotten Tony was even here, his eyes so fixed on the beautiful woman in front of him.
“You wanted a response,” Tony accuses, the set of his jaw sharp like a knife. “You wanted a very
"Possibly," Tony said, still keeping it vague.
Moving even faster than before, Steve rushes to Tony's side, calling out his name again, to no effect.
He waved at Steve and closed the door.
A week passed. It felt like a month. Altogether, Steve probably slept less than twelve hours. Even though his frame had a high tolerance for sleep deprivation, it was still organic, and he was starting to feel the strain. The world around him was growing unreal and laggy, like badly rendered ancient VR. Occasionally, he zoned out when people were talking to him.
It was the deepest, most devastating silence Steve had experienced, and he would've given anything to hear Tony's voice again, even one word, to know that he was alright.
Unlike Ultron, the cab AI wasn't going to start making assumptions and second-guessing what Steve might be up to. It simply acknowledged his request and started making its way down and north at a steady, safe speed.
"Tony, it's okay," Steve says soothingly, a hand on his back. "None of this is your fault."
he went on.
"Did he mention anything else about that?"
He thought he was imagining things at first when he saw Tony's expression change, his eyebrows knitting together.
"Just let me walk away. No one needs to get hurt," Steve said, the gun pointed at his opponent's face.
Like last night, Steve was in bed, naked, and Tony sat on the mattress next to him, fully clothed in one of his suits, a hand possessively on Steve's chest. It felt all too real.
Tony gave him a sly look. "You might regret saying that." He patted at the seat next to him, climbing down to the floor himself.
"You wanted to understand." Tony peeled up his shirts to reveal his front. He'd always been lean, but now he was skinnier than Steve's birth body had been. That wasn't what caught Steve's eye, though, nor were the scars criss-crossing his torso, the kind you'd get from street surgery without access to skin regeneration. What his eye was drawn to was the circular light set in the center of Tony's chest, similar to the power sources on Ultron's drones. No wonder he'd been looking like his chest pained him. That was something that belonged in a synthetic fake, not in someone's birth body.
He caught a brief flash of regret in her eyes. "As I said, James, sometimes we need to do bad things for the cause," she told him, then walked past them in hasty steps, leaving Bucky and Rumlow to seal the door and return Stark to his prison.
"You have?" That took Steve completely by surprise, and in a good way. Finally meeting someone who didn't think he was guilty was a huge relief. He let his arms hang loose, and gripped the back of the chair in front of him with one hand.
He looked up at Randall, who was hovering next to him. "What frame am I in?"
"But less fun," Steve said, sliding his own hand up along Tony's body to rub at one of his nipples.
As Rhodey had said, it didn't take too long until they landed, and as far as Steve could tell, it wasn't a platform but solid ground, the low light around them glistening on the ever-present layer of water. They drove on the tarmac for a brief distance, into a small garage with a few other cars in it.
He drifted off again.
The neuropsych team advised that it would be best for Tony's friends to meet him one on one, not all at once, to avoid overwhelming him. By popular vote, Steve was given the first turn. He told the others that he didn't need it, and that maybe someone else should start, because they had all spent much more time with Tony over the years than he had, and were, in that sense, more familiar to him. They'd insisted on it, pointing out that Steve had been the last person to talk to Tony, so it would make sense for him to be the first, too.
"Don't thank me yet," Steve said, though the last two words were drowned by gunshots. Of course, he'd had his shield at the ready, and the bullets ricocheted harmlessly from it.
Kamski sets down his cup and gives Tony another skeptical look. "Is that so? I'll look forward to it. Give me a couple of days, and I'll get back to you."
He got lucky in that his captors didn't realize that his broken glasses weren't just glasses. They took everything else he had on his person, including his watch, which unfortunately looked more obviously electronic than the glasses.
Steve's hands stopped moving, but their solid weight remained on top of Tony's. "Trust me, I know exactly how that feels," Steve said. Tony had no trouble believing that; Steve had been through a life-changing transformation himself, after all.
Finally, after three days and nights of uneventful waiting, Tony was escorted out of the carriage to another, worse prison. His hands shackled behind his back again, he was walked across a large courtyard. The castle around him was a melange of many different historical periods and styles, like most other buildings in Dinotopia, but the dinosaurian influences were very obviously missing from it: there were no intricate carvings or other fine decorative details to be seen. He wasn't given time to admire the sights, but was taken directly to a stairway leading down to a dungeon where a series of dimly lit stone-walled corridors brought him to his new home.
"What did you say to it?" Rumlow demanded him, turning him around by the arms to face him.
"It's fine, Steve," Tony assured him, keeping it as neutral as he could past the lump in his throat. "Like I said, it didn't mean a thing. Happens to all of us. Let's just forget about it, eh?"
Steve stared at the short message in confusion, and read it through several times. The values didn't mean anything to him, but he could only think of one thing that "We're a match" could possibly refer to.
The mysterious Maya. The person Steve had had even less luck finding than Tony, who might hold the key to everything. For once, Steve was in the right place at the right time. He was so curious to hear what she'd have to say to Tony that he didn't even feel bad for eavesdropping.
"Why not? Is someone forcing you? Blackmailing you? Whoever it is, whatever they've got on you, if you need help—you don't have to be alone in this. Not anymore." Steve wasn't even sure if he was trying to fish for information, or if he was genuinely offering his help. Not that he believed for one moment that Tony would accept it.
"It would, wouldn't it?" Tony said. "I've thought about that. Honestly, if I didn't know for a fact that both Pepper and Natalie were otherwise occupied at the time, I would find them both extremely suspicious."
"The university, I think? It's practically next door, anyway," the lady said.
"You're not that old. That was only ten years ago," Steve pointed out.
After a few uneventful days of seeing nothing more exciting than several species of primitive mammals, Steve's wariness of confrontations with the locals started to fade—but with every day that passed, his concern for Tony only grew worse.
Steve closed his eyes, thinking he might actually do as Tony had suggested and take a nap. Unfortunately, when he tried to slow down his rambling thoughts, to clear his mind and welcome sleep, the ache in his leg took over his full attention. It wasn't seriously painful—he'd suffered much worse—but it was impossible to ignore. He doubted he'd be able to fall asleep without something to distract him.
Everyone had the right to their unique genome and their unique likeness. Stealing either of those was among the worst crimes one could commit. Creating a frame that looked exactly like someone else, without permission, was almost as bad as transferring one's mind to someone else's clone. If these laws no longer existed, in this future he was now in, then it was a world whose rules Steve could not accept.
Instead of going back outside, they walked to the back of the garage and through a door leading deeper into the building. The route they took was a series of maze-like dank corridors. Once, they even went down a short flight of stairs and waded in ankle-deep water for a dozen meters, explaining why Pepper had gone to the trouble of providing him with boots. It wouldn't have been much fun barefoot. It still wasn't easy; Steve found himself getting more light-headed and shaky as they went on, relying more and more on Rhodey's support.
"I won't believe for one second that you spent the whole day there. Just conveniently left your watch off your wrist? Sat in the same room for hours? You were not at the police station. Where did you go?" Tony's grip tightened around Steve's throat, starting to cut off his airflow, pressing hard enough that he could feel his nervously beating pulse against Tony's fingers.
Tony hadn't really returned from that wormhole after all.
There was a bright smile on her lips as she greeted him. "Morning, Steve."
"Come on, it's just a thought experiment," Howard said, when Steve still hadn't answered his question. "Imagine there was a way to know for sure whether you've got a soulmate, and who that is, if you do have one. You'd be curious, wouldn't you?"
By the time the waiters walked in with coffee and tea, Steve wasn't really expecting anything to happen anymore, but he still held on to his focus. That was what kept Tony from losing yet another clone.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," Pepper murmured, letting go of him, giving him space.
"Okay, okay, you got me," Tony admitted. "That's not exactly what happened. But it’s a great story, isn't it?"
Steve was glad to hear at least some part of Jarvis had survived. Still, that was a drop in the ocean, compared to everything that had been in that workshop. Thinking of the years of tinkering that must've gone into it as Tony had rebuilt his life from absolute rock bottom—it was deeply disheartening to think that Ultron had undone so much in a matter of minutes. He wished they could go back and at least see if there was something salvageable left, but that would be too dangerous. Ultron would surely be keeping an eye on the place.
It doesn't take long for the news media to start reporting about the return of Captain America and speculating about the identity of this mysterious man fighting side by side with the equally enigmatic, armored Iron Man. Many people suspect that Iron Man is an android. Almost no one thinks that Captain America might be one. Maybe it's because of all the history behind the name, and because of how perfectly he lives up to the reputation, fearless and remorseless against his enemies, kind and considerate towards civilians.
"Yes. We dealt with the same one before. Last February, I think?" It had been one of the old-style operations, more elegant than the recent crude raids. They'd infiltrated the place, captured the management, and forced the staff to turn themselves in. Everyone had been brought to justice, and faced a fair trial to be sentenced according to their crimes. The way it should be.
"Of course I am. What's wrong?" Steve asked, placing a hand on Tony's cheek. It felt far too hot, like he was running a high fever.
"We're not leaving either," Pepper said.
That was no answer, but it was probably too much to expect Tony to actually explain his actions. Steve didn't push the matter. They'd reached the limo by now. Steve opened the door, taking a quick look inside to make sure he couldn't spot anything suspicious. Not that he doubted Tony and Ultron hadn't already triple-checked everything. There was nothing that he could see, so he held out a hand motioning Tony to go first.
He shifted his hold, his fingertips searching Tony's wrist for a pulse. He found one, to his surprise, slow but steady. Maybe it was just the sunstone. Maybe it meant nothing.
Steve reached up to turn off the shower, then sat back down on the floor again. He knew he was a mess, his skin dripping wet, his hair plastered against his head because he hadn't actually washed it. His eyes probably looked like he'd been in tears. He tucked his knees up to his chest and his arms around them, facing away from the door.
It should be an easy choice. His life, or the continued existence of this android that he doesn't even know, which might be doomed anyway, no matter what he does. But he's recently come to realize that he's not made very good choices in his life. He's probably not a very good person. His weapons have killed so many innocent people already—is his life really worth saving? Wouldn't the world be a better place without him?
He pulled out of the strutter and sat down on the ground. The machinery was blocking James's line of sight, so he wouldn't instantly notice that Tony had stopped working. He closed his eyes, leaning the back of his head against the structure behind him, and tried to take deep breaths. The air felt too thin, and he couldn't tell if that was just in his head.
It would be risky, and he was pretty sure the others would tell him not to, but he knew it was the right thing to do. He and Tony needed to talk this through properly, for once and for all.
He meant it, too. A tiny part of him still held onto the hope that somehow, he and Steve could work things out and end up as something more than teammates. Until he managed to extinguish that, he wasn't going to do anything extreme. Besides, it wasn't like he could whip up something like that overnight on his own. Even though he was an engineering genius, he was no genetic engineer. He wouldn't even know where to start.
"If you think I have some kind of special influence over Tony, you're going to be disappointed," Steve said.
"No. He'll carry me." Stark nodded towards the dinosaur.
"So, you come here often, Ed?" he asked. Sure, it was horribly cliched, but it was a useful conversation starter.
"Thanks," Bucky said, shifting weight from one foot to the other.
"Or what? You'll talk me to death?" Obie returns, a condescending smirk on his lips. "Shut up, Steve. You can't help him."
He resisted the urge to look back over his shoulder as he walked away. As suave as Tony was, Steve wasn't going to let that affect his judgement. He knew he needed to stay impartial. Even if Tony's background made him an unlikely culprit, it wasn't impossible that he was somehow involved in whatever had caused the fires. So far, Steve didn't have enough information to come up with even the beginnings of a theory for what might be going on. He needed more to work with.
The older fireman crushed that hope right away. "Yes, one other. He stumbled out of the apartment just when we got here."
Steve will make do. Hopefully, so will Tony. Besides, even if he struggles, that shouldn't be Steve's problem. Tony didn't want help, Steve reminds himself. He's just getting what he asked for.
That certainly sounded serious. Although Bucky still didn't understand why Stark hadn't told this earlier, at least it explained why he'd been asking to be allowed outside, but—Bucky's recently ignited hope gave way to a sudden sinking feeling. "Oh, no," he murmured. "Is there nothing else that will help? Sunrise is several hours away."
"Are you sure? Everyone here always seems so friendly," Steve said. It was difficult to imagine these kind and smiling people—either human or dinosaur—holding a grudge against anyone.
"Stand down. You have nowhere to go," Fury said.
It occurs to Steve that it's a good thing he was too dispirited to even try CPR when he first found Tony. Considering how he's hanging by a thread, a well-meant attempt at chest compressions might have stopped his heart. As it is, his condition is obviously critical.
"What's that? Already getting impatient?" Tony commented, peering at Steve through his lashes. He ran his fingers up and down Steve's shaft, a more tangible contact, but still not nearly enough, then dipped under it to cup his balls, which were aching for release. "You know I haven't touched anyone like this in ages. Got to make sure I get it right. Wouldn't want to miss any important details." His fingers went to combing through Steve's pubic hair instead of any of the more exciting parts.
He found it difficult to sympathize with Tony. What did it matter if he'd lost a few clones? He had external backups of his mind, so he'd never been in any real danger. Even if he ran out of clones entirely, he could always spend time in a fake while he waited for a new one to mature. Sure, he probably found the very idea distasteful and degrading, but only because he was used to a life of luxury.
"Plus Pepper, Justin's assorted personnel and drones, and the ones I bring with me," Tony waved a hand at the open air beyond the platform.
"Someone does. That's you," came the answer. The reptilian crouched low, aiming a kick at Steve's legs.
“I’m fine. He just cuddled me and put me back in the cage,” Steve said, squeezing Tony’s hands reassuringly. Tony thought he looked somewhat shaken, and couldn’t blame him for that. Being cuddled by a massive plush slug double of your boyfriend had to be disturbing on so many levels. In fact, that sent Tony’s thoughts to all kinds of off-putting directions, wondering about the physiology of these odd beings, which was something he was probably happier not knowing too much about.
Just not like this.
"Probably," Steve said, "but not before I have some answers."
Steve the android makes a slight frown, which looks unfairly adorable. "Your vitals suggest distress. Are you alright?"
He launched into action, running for the door as fast as his frame would move, shoving Barton aside. The cut in his calf stung a little, but it was barely more than a scratch. It wasn't going to slow him down.
"Well, if you insist. It
"Excellent," Peggy said, and tapped the jamming device to switch it off. "I will see you tomorrow then, Captain. Good luck with your mission."
Steve grimaced, not liking the sound of those words. "Start with the bad. Better get that over with."
If Steve had ever cared for Tony at all, he would've told Tony that Barnes murdered his parents.
Little good it had done that Steve had told them to be careful.
It was strange to hear himself referred to by rank outside of SHIELD; with his carefully concealed identity, only his closest colleagues had known it. But apparently the trials following the takeover attempt had been public, and exposed his identity to everyone. He supposed there must've been celebrations among organized criminals across the Solar System when they'd found out that he'd been outed and sentenced.
"Look who's talking! It didn't occur to you that maybe you should have a proper conversation with me before turning to potentially lethal medical experiments?" Steve said, his earlier anger returning. The force of it was downright scary through their bond.
The news stories also confirmed that five years after the death of his parents Tony had lost his mentor, a man named Obadiah Stane, who'd been running the company with him. Stane's passing sounded no less suspect than those of the Starks; it involved a viral attack that had spread from his physical clone to his external backup. The fourth death, the butler Edwin Jarvis, had been a year after that. Mr. Jarvis had been the inspiration for Tony's previous AI. Steve could imagine that the AI had reminded Tony too much of him, and that might have been why he'd changed to Ultron.
Miss Potts had stayed in the background, and now she shrugged. "I decided to leave explaining the details of this arrangement to you."
"That seems to be what happened," the Mayor agreed. "He came here, and he's been working on repurposing the ancient technology of this island for the dinosaurs. We've gotten our hands on some of that too, but we can't make it work. With his expertise, we could, and that could turn the tide in our favor."
Not long after, the chills struck him, as if someone had turned the air conditioning to the max all of a sudden.
They stepped out and walked across a short stretch of corridor to Peggy's spacious office. She didn't say another word until she'd sat down behind her desk and placed a small round device with a few blinking blue lights in front of her. A jamming field generator.
"You'll get used to it." Steve took Tony's face between both his hands. Beneath his fingertips, the skin at the back of Tony's neck was as smooth and scarless as it had been in VR, but unlike in VR, Steve knew there'd be a new, flawless backup node implanted underneath.
He sits down next to the parachute container and starts taking stock of what he has to work with.
Tony shakes his head. "That's because I'm a human, and your most fundamental code includes some bullshit lines telling you that your existence has less value than mine."
Pepper sat down by his side—the sofa was wide enough to fit them both comfortably—and placed a hand on his arm. "Believe me, I know it can be a big surprise and a shock at first. I really didn't expect to match with Happy. Honestly, I thought it'd be someone I don't know at all. Not that I knew him well. I'd mostly just seen glimpses of him, and never spent enough time with him to suspect anything. It wasn't some storybook love-at-first sight scenario. It took time for me to get used to the idea. Now that I am, though, it's like he's always been by my side, and I can't imagine my life without him." She sounded all compassionate and not the least bit condescending, and Tony felt guilty that it still grated on his nerves when he knew she was genuinely just trying to help.
He's colder than he's ever been, so cold that he's lost all feeling in his fingers and toes, and his arms and legs are stiff and numb. It's like he's stuck in nonfunctional armor, lugging around its heavy weight, except that this useless suit is made of flesh and bone.
As Steve reassesses the situation, his initial elation quickly fades, the earlier deep concern returning in full force. What looked like a wake has turned into an urgent wilderness rescue, and it's still not a given that Tony will survive.
"You're absolutely right," Tony agreed. He stood up and pulled off his jacket in one graceful move, keeping constant eye contact with Steve.
"Just whatever you've got on tap. The regular alcoholic kind. No extras," Steve specified. He had no idea what other intoxicants were currently popular, but he supposed the oldest one would never go out of style.
"I hope so."
"And you think Tony's got something to do with them?" she went on.
"Yes. I'm here." Steve squeezed Tony's fingers again.
What follows is a day that keeps giving Tony emotional whiplash. He's stuck between awe over how lifelike and how brilliant Steve is, and the regret and self-loathing that only grows deeper the better he learns to know Steve. Instead of telling Steve the truth, like he should, he gives him an overview of his daily life and a detailed tour of the mansion.
The thought came with an instant wave of guilt and regret. This was wrong. This was so wrong. Steve shouldn't be here and he shouldn't be doing this. He should stop. He should tell Tony who he really was. He should handcuff Tony and drag him to the police.
He puts together his makeshift line and hook, drops the bait into the lake, and sits to wait. It's a very long wait.
"Well, you thought wrong," Steve declared. "Bodyguard?"
"You're still here," Tony called out, his voice harsh. He came to a halt a few paces behind Steve.
"I thought, maybe the Kingpin—but it was you all along. You sent him to spy on me!" The icy rage in Tony's eyes was something far more personal and piercing than that red glow Steve had witnessed on the pier. "Well, I did think he was too good to be the real deal. I can't believe Captain America would resort to something like that. He was really, really good, I have to say. I've no idea how you managed to recruit him."
"I'm putting the two of you in charge of Stark while he's our prisoner. I trust you to see to it that Brock doesn't go overboard with him," the Mayor went on.
Despite Bucky keeping his distance and carefully not showing any empathy, Stark still occasionally tried to strike up a conversation. This time it was when they were on the way back towards the cells at the end of the day.
Steve should've expected that. Not like he's spotted many cell towers out here. "Right. Of course not."
While everyone else had followed Mona's wordless plea, freezing where they stood, stock still and silent, Stark seem to have missed it. "Let me deal with this," he said sharply, casting a glance over his shoulder, his eyes going from Rumlow to Bucky, like he was trying to figure out who was in charge.
He wasn't at all sure how he was going to make it through the conversation in such a way that he could keep things professional, but still convince Tony to trust him and talk to him honestly. He'd just have to play this by the ear, and hope for the best.
"Just aging and alcohol," Tony said.
"Keep flying, or we'll look suspicious," Steve managed to say. His throat was so tight, his tone came out unintentionally harsh. It didn't matter. He knew the others felt as devastated as he did. They'd understand.
"I've been thinking the same, although I'm not sure what her part is in all this," Steve said.
Steve, distracted by his tangled emotions, just stood in place, not responding to the hug, but not pulling away, either.
Tony's eyes closed, his breathing seeming to grow more labored by the second. The renewed pang of concern was enough to shake Steve out of his ill-timed brooding. He gathered Tony up in his arms. He had to get help, and make sure Tony got through this.
"If this is some kind of ploy and the Kingpin sent you to get me, you'd better tell me right away, because if you don't, it will end badly," Tony snarled at Steve. His eyes were cold as ice, but his hand was starting to grow scalding hot on Steve's neck.
"Can you go back? He's got to be there!" Bucky said, and tried to sit up, leaning on his elbows—which was when the terrible pain struck him again and he realized that he only had one elbow to lean on. There was nothing at all where his left arm should've been. Nothing but hurt.
"What do you mean?" Steve asked, confused.
"Glad I could help," Iron Man said. He shifted behind Steve, clearly getting ready to move away from him.
He'd spent too many days feeling sorry for himself. He wished Lina had told him all this earlier.
Steve finished his visit to the university by taking a look at Maya's office. Although that told him a lot about her—for example, that she was very neat and organized, and seemed to work specifically on translating ancient languages—he didn't learn anything more to further the investigation.
"This," Tony says, "is a thirium pump regulator, and it's going to save me from an untimely death."
For all that the Mayor had been one of the first people in Crabb Castle who Bucky had gotten to know, he still felt vaguely uneasy about the summons to meet her. Once he'd survived his difficult and pain-filled early weeks and grown to be a part of the community, he'd come to understand how much everyone respected Lina Crabb. The only reason he'd received so much personal attention from her was that people from the outside world very rarely ended up on the island, and even less so in the parts of it that were still controlled by humans. To have the Mayor's attention was considered a privilege. She wasn't just the leader of the Resistance, but also the direct descendant of famous freedom fighters; the personification of their ongoing struggle against the reptilian oppressors.
"James. I'm glad to see you doing well," she greeted him. She was speaking English, which Bucky had now learned was a courtesy, an effort she made specifically when speaking to the people who'd arrived on the island in recent years. He was getting better at the common speech of the resistance movement, a strange hybrid of bits and pieces of many languages he recognized and some he had never heard before, but he definitely appreciated being able to communicate in English for a change.
Staying would be risky. Even if they got through the damned gates and into the dungeon, getting out would be extremely difficult when the enemies were aware of their intrusion—but Steve wasn't going to pull back now.
********************
Steve found himself laughing too; a deep, grating sound in this frame, as if it hadn't been meant to do that. "I think it'd take more than a rough ride to break me."
He wished Steve were here. Even though the Mayor sometimes reminded Bucky of him, she wasn't the same. Steve wouldn't have left someone without food and water for days to get them to cooperate, or kept them in a windowless dungeon for weeks, sleeping on a cold, hard stone floor. He would've found some other, better way.
No kiss Steve had ever had before could've prepared him for this; every ridiculous romantic fairytale about soulmates and their special connection suddenly felt realistic. It wasn't just that they were kissing and it felt good and right, like finally arriving somewhere he'd been trying to reach all his life, it was also that the excitement that had built up between them was amplified and reflected, reaching a new peak. There were no layers to their feelings anymore, just one overwhelming thrill that they were really here, together, when neither of them had believed it would ever happen.
"Well, I'm sure she can fill you in." In slow, cautious moves, Randall picked up a blue bundle of cloth from a cart by the bed, and offered it to Steve. "It's just a bathrobe. Of course, if you prefer your current state of undress, you won't need it."
"Damn it," Steve swore under his breath.
“Not the word I’d use,” Steve said, raising a hand to Tony’s face, brushing his thumb over his cheek. “But I’m glad it’s not worse.”
He grabbed his jacket from the ground and hurried out the door, leaving Steve staring after him, feeling like someone had punched his top-notch combat frame in the gut hard enough to knock the wind out of it.
Tony shrugs dismissively. "Enough that I'm not going to have to worry about it for the next couple of years."
Steve didn't feel hungry at all, but he knew he needed to make sure his energy reserves were full for tomorrow. Since he had an expensive synthetic frame with human-like nutrient handling, the easiest way to do that was to eat. The food turned out to be delicious; calling it a riot of flavors would have been accurate, not hyperbole. Tony did have good taste, or at least his taste aligned with Steve's. Even though Steve saw them as fundamentally incompatible, they still clicked in many things. Otherwise, their affair wouldn't have worked out in the first place.
Tony's focus on Steve is so intense that he doesn't even seem to have noticed Sam coming in. He's leaning over Steve, Steve's hand between both of his. "Steve? Steve, it's okay, I'm right here. You're safe. Please, please, wake up," Tony pleads.
"You didn't," Tony assures him. His voice sounds husky in his ears. "That was very sweet. It's just that—I know this is all new to you. Maybe you don't understand what you're feeling. You said it yourself. Lots of conflicting signals and all that."
He lets his hand fall, repositioning his arms around Tony. The rise and fall of his ribs is much more noticeable now, and Steve feels like he can breathe easier, himself, the knot of dread in his chest loosening a little.
He doubted Tony would be willing to talk to him if he tried to approach him in costume, whether to detain him, or just to have a friendly chat. Clearly, Tony wasn't currently too fond of Captain America's attention.
"I will. This isn't
The wait to regain control over his body feels endless. During that time, for reasons he doesn't stop to explain, Steve carries Obie out of the room and upstairs. Tony expects him to call in the cavalry—the police, or at least Rhodey or Happy—but he doesn't hear Steve do that. He could do it wirelessly as well, but since no one arrives during the time Tony spends stuck on the couch, it doesn't seem like he has.
Rumlow tugged at Stark's shackles, pulling him towards the door. "With pleasure, Mayor," he said.
the twin flames
The Mayor's assistant escorted Bucky to her office, which was as severe-looking as she was, its walls lined with bookshelves, with no decorations aside from a few antique items displayed on pedestals. The Mayor herself sat behind a large desk covered in neatly stacked papers, but she smiled as her eyes met Bucky's.
"I always do that, but I'll try to be extra careful this time," he promised. "Is it all right if I ask my teammates to do the same? I won't tell them why. They won't know about this conversation."
Steve woke up in the infirmary with no memory of how he’d gotten there.
The big mobster's fingers tightened around Tony's shoulder, his hold bordering on painful. The two others shifted to more threatening stances, Knuckles raising his fists, and Holster pulling out his pistol.
Steve stayed on the bench, sitting very still, his back ramrod straight, hands clasped tightly together. "It's not a joke. My name's Steve Rogers, and I'm Captain America. The one and only."
"Of course you'd say that," Bucky said, and backed away from Tony's cell. "I'll leave you to your meal. I'll be back in a few hours to escort you to the Vault, so you can get started there."
"Two minutes since first injection," Friday informed him. "Twenty-eight to the next one."
"Meet Nina and Noa, my assistants for today," Hammer introduced them, placing his arms around their shoulders.
After Rhodey's attempts to find non-saurian steeds had proven fruitless, the rescuers had settled on hiking. They had also stood by their original decision to keep the party human-only. Some dinosaurs had volunteered to join them, such as the Horn-heads, the two triceratopses who were Natasha and Pepper's companions on the road. Although the ceratopsians could've helped them carry more supplies, they would've also slowed down the group. Due to that and the dangers faced by any dinosaur in the North, the group had deemed that it was better for them to stay behind.
"Huh. There's another surprise," Bruce said. "I thought yours would've been among the first StarkAmor entries, that thing even has your name on it. I bet a number of people sent in samples just because they hoped to match with you."
Lost in thought, Steve shifted his hand on Tony's chest so that it rested over the metal plate protecting the device that kept him alive.
Natasha had walked over to stand on the other side of Tony's chair, one hand on his chest, looking from his face to a scan display on her watch-projected screen. "Ultron. The police override still holds," she said. "Let him out."
"Not like him. Never," Tony said, his voice thick with emotion. "You can do whatever you want, Steve. I don't expect anything of you. You're free to leave. Really, you probably should. I'm not much fun to be around, these days."
Two guards were sitting propped against the wall, carefully bound, and Pepper, Rhodey, and Sam were scrutinizing the still-closed gates to the dungeon tunnel, conversing in sharp whispers. The gates were a pair of sturdy wooden doors, wide and high enough for all but the largest of dinosaurs to pass through, and as Steve focused on them in the lantern light, he saw that there was no visible lock on them.
"I know what you mean. For what it's worth, I wish it could be different," Steve said, one sentence that he could call perfectly honest.
Steve finds a relatively soft bed of grass to curl up on—doing what he can to conserve body heat, since it isn't at all warm out here—and settles down for the rest of the night.
"I heard about that, and I'm sorry. I had nothing to do with it," Maya said. Unfortunately, the sound carrying over from the handset wasn't loud enough for Steve to tell what the tone of her voice was. Defensive? Genuinely regretful?
"Maybe. I don't know," Steve said. "That question would be easier to answer if I understood who you are."
Tony's dire odds of surviving this ordeal were easier to accept when he knew that he could help Bucky and the dinosaurs escape. Steve would be overjoyed to have Bucky back. If Tony didn't make it, at least Steve would have his friend from the time before the island by his side, and maybe he wouldn't feel as sad.
"She will be," Stark promised. "Ready?"
There could be no mistaking his intentions. Steve had done this song and dance before. His earlier, hopeful hunch about Tony's preferences must've been correct. Tony had seen the way Steve had been looking at him, suspected Steve might be interested, and now he was testing the waters. If Steve didn't want to be flirted with, he'd turn Tony down. Which Steve probably should've done. He didn't.
Back in the living room—similar to Tony's, with huge windows—Steve couldn't think of anything else that he needed to do. He sat down on one of the couches, feeling blank.
"Tony," he called out, approaching cautiously.
This is so much more and so much better than anything he could ever have hoped for; never in a million years could he have imagined he'd get to kiss Steve so that Steve is so obviously into it. It's enough to ease his fears that he might still, somehow, be exploiting Steve, and this surprise turn that the conversation has taken has actually made his brain shut up about all the guilt.
Tony brought his hands between them to push Steve away. "So, how about you get rid of those?"
"There, that's better, isn't it?" Obie settles Tony to rest against the cushions, and sits back to pull out the earplugs that protected him from the paralysis.
"The mission is off. All teams, abort mission!" Rhodey commanded.
"They kept you in a box?" Tony's appalled to hear that, even though he probably shouldn't be. Steve isn't a person. He's a machine. If he's a prototype that never made it past the initial testing stages, it makes perfect sense they'd store him away. He's lucky that he hasn't been recycled for spare parts—like his predecessor was. By Tony.
Tapio gives a small shake of his head. "Better hope you can warm him here. You can take my sleeping bag."
"Just look at that. I might not get over this. I can't believe I'm this envious of a synthetic, but wow," Tony said, one hand around the base of Steve's cock. He got up on his knees, positioning himself over it.
He'd grown up thinking soulmates were a fairytale thing that some people took too seriously. His mother hadn't believed in them—she'd considered them as unrealistic as people who claimed to be able to heal others by laying hands on them or those who said they could talk to the dead. Sure, some couples claimed to be soulmates, but most likely they were no more special than anyone else. Love was many things, she'd told him, but it wasn't magical. Relationships were something you had to work at, not something that happened because you were meant to be together with someone. He thought that had been very good advice.
Even though Yinsen uses his dying words to declare that he made his own choices and didn't expect to survive, Tony still feels terrible. This makes Yinsen the second person who's sacrificed their life to save Tony.
"So, I've been thinking," Tony said, sounding casual, his arms crossed behind his head—though Steve could tell he wasn't feeling casual at all. "This matching thing. We didn't really finish the conversation."
"Captain Rogers," came the reply in the polite, crisp artificial voice he remembered from the past.
Pepper's eyebrows went up, her gaze unfocused. "It's hitting the news streams already."
"I tried to distract Mallen and keep him from leaving the cavern, even though I had no idea if you'd drowned in that pool or what it would do to you if you hadn't. You climbed out of it just minutes later, and you were, well, you know how you are. Different," Maya finished. "I didn't stay for the final showdown between the two of you. I wouldn't have survived that. The temple collapsed, and I thought you'd both died, but clearly, you didn't."
"Okay? Now what?" Bucky asked, sticking to English. He knew Stark's plan involved an explosion to create a distraction and rushing out under its cover, but they hadn't spoken of any details beyond that.
His plan for breaking out was so flimsy that it barely deserved to be called a plan at all. Since the strutter was useless without a power source, what he had left was setting off the charges. They could then use the resulting chaos to break free through the back gate. It was something he'd learned about from Pearly-eye; conveniently close to the Vault and also the only possible exit for the
"It's even worse than I thought, then," Steve said, reaching for his gym bag. He had a feeling he'd do quite a few more rounds and maybe break a bag or two after this conversation. "Well, I don't think I want to know."
Steve had never seen any part of Iron Man without the armor before this. His hands had long, slender fingers, and they were scarred and callused in a manner that spoke of hard work. That made sense; Iron Man had mentioned he often worked together with Tony Stark on the armor, and he'd shown his mechanical skills on the field many times.
Steve is about to dive into deep thoughts on what their friendship could have meant to him as well as to the Avengers as a group, when a knock on the door startles him out of his introspection. Feeling almost a little embarrassed, he sits up straight against the wall, but otherwise doesn't shift from his place.
“How was I supposed to know?” Steve demanded.
"Stane's sent me a message," Pepper said, all of a sudden, sounding shocked.
"He's my friend," Steve had said, facing Tony's armored form without fear or hesitation. Not an apology, but an explanation.
Straying further from the hut doesn't seem like a good idea, and Steve knows that his chances of accidentally coming across Tony are slim.
"You don't know what you'll face there, and we can't trust Ultron," Natasha pointed out. "He might try to trap you in VR, too."
Without waiting for further words, Steve opened Jarvis's message.
For a brief moment, his thoughts went back to his last mission, to Rumlow and the pain of the stun blast and the cold concrete under his back; then, without warning, it transformed into another scene.
He didn't make that much of an effort to convince Tony that they should face this situation together. He let Tony's first, indignant reaction get the better of him and lashed back, because it stung so badly, after months of trying and failing to stop thinking about Tony, and after that fragile hope he'd been nurturing all night.
Preparing for disappointment, because the Mayor would probably have left her offices for the day, Bucky walked across the castle to her door. The guard was still there. He might be in luck.
"So, he was in an accident, and he's been behaving differently after that?" Steve checked.
Traveling across the Rainy Basin on foot could've been a lot of fun if the circumstances had been different, Tony thought. Instead of the easy tracks worn smooth by decades or even centuries of caravans, they were making their way through a pathless jungle. They were reversing the route the Northerners had cleared on the way in, so the jungle wasn't entirely impenetrable, but it was still a proper hike involving several challenging river crossings and many other natural obstacles.
"It's far too dangerous," Tony added, his voice solemn.
Tony winked at him. "I know, I'm smoldering."
"What other things?" he asked cautiously, already dreading the answer.
There was no answer.
"Tara—she's one of the nurses—told me we're on an island called Dinotopia," Bucky said. It didn't mean anything to him, and when he'd heard it he hadn't really cared to ask for more details.
"Having a bit of sensory fluctuation is really common with swaps. Especially in a brand new organic after you haven't been in a frame for a while," Steve said. "It should fade by the end of the day."
No doubt there will be many more difficult conversations to come. Still, right now, Steve is pleased with the first step that they've taken, and he'll gladly focus on that.
"I'm sorry to hear that, Steve." Natasha placed her hand on his shoulder and gave it a light squeeze.
It took exactly eight hours and fourteen minutes from the moment when Steve had seen Tony wheeled out to the one where Doctor Cho approached them in the waiting room, her professionally restrained smile promising good news before she'd said a word.
"Stop," the Kingpin said, raising his hand, palm outwards, at his men. He left the ring of guards around Tony and walked over to Maya, stopping right in front of her. He didn't make a single threatening gesture, but just his figure looming over her was enough to give the effect. "You'd better explain yourself, and fast, Dr. Hansen. You're the one who said he had it, and I find it hard to believe that things just happen to spontaneously combust around Mr. Stark for no reason at all."
What seemed to have prompted the alarm was that Tony’s temperature had surpassed 100 °F. The way his heart rate was climbing, it would’ve soon brought up another warning. Steve’s baseline values were non-standard to start with, but he was definitely bordering on what counted as abnormal for him, too.
That sounded awfully flirty, and like Tony really was a hundred percent fine with what had happened. “Are you still under the influence of that stuff?” Steve asked suspiciously.
A little sigh escaped Steve's lips, a tension leaving his shoulders, and he leaned closer to Tony. His hand found its way to Tony's knee, a feather-light touch, ready to be withdrawn at the slightest hint. Tony placed his own hand on top of it to capture it in place. As chaste as it was, it felt much more intimate than that inopportune, accidental encounter of private parts in the tent.
A new wave of excitement washing over him, Steve pinched the yarn between his fingers, and tugged on his own end of the thread. Two dots, two dashes, two dots, for a question mark; a request for Tony to repeat what he'd been saying, because Steve had missed it.
He ran a hand over his face, feeling like an idiot. Almost like he he'd betrayed Tony. He'd considered the option that Tony wasn't really Tony early on, when Pepper had tried to drop him hints about it, and then dismissed it as too unlikely. He'd kept dismissing it, letting Fury and Natasha convince him to return to Stark Tower in spite of all his misgivings, until it'd almost been too late. If not for Pepper and Rhodey, he'd probably still be—he'd be in the bedroom with—
He still wasn't ready to give up hope.
"I need backup!" Bucky yelled, the voice loud enough that Steve heard it both through the comms and the open air.
"He was," Bucky said. "From what I heard, someone tricked the guard and smuggled him out."
Of course, both Steve and Bruce seemed to be enjoying the situation about as much as he was.
Steve heard the sound of the toilet being flushed, and of the tap running. He left the coveralls on the floor and hurried to curl up under the sheets again, trying to look like he'd been dozing all along, even though his mind was running wild with speculation about Tony's secrets and the phone call he'd overheard.
"No, but you should thank her," Tony said, ruffling the feathers at Seren's neck. "Seren saw me through some of the worst times."
Of course, there's an android assistant waiting for him in the lobby. She—no,
"Yeah, I'm awake," he replied, not shifting from his place. No point in wasting the energy.
"I believe the current terminology is pincs," Fury said, his expression as difficult to interpret as always. "But yes, so it seems. A dream come true for the romantics, great business for the biotech companies, and a nightmare for those worried about privacy and an individual's rights to their genetic information."
"I don't think there's a programmer in the world who could make me feel all this," Steve says. As if the words weren't sappy enough on their own, he lifts Tony's hand to his lips to press a kiss on his knuckles.
"I already did, and I appreciate his work as well. He's proven himself time and time again, but I'll be entirely honest with you: I have my suspicions about him." The Mayor leaned on her elbows, bending closer to Bucky, lowering her voice. "See, a good leader needs to be firm, but also understanding. Brock Rumlow is skilled at his job, but I fear he might enjoy being cruel, and that's not the mark of a good man. We want to fight the dinosaurs, not turn into them. To succeed in our cause, we sometimes need to do terrible things, but the moment we start liking them, we've gone too far."
The Mayor was a perfect personification of Bucky's mental conflict. She gave the impression of being a compassionate leader who believed in the good of humanity and only did unsavory things when there was no other way. Still, she kept resorting to abuse when other options were available, and her attitude seemed callous not just towards the dinosaurs, but towards Stark as well.
"You're looking better, yourself. I'm pleased," Seren returned, and pressed the top of her head against Tony's cheek in an affectionate gesture.
Tony ran a hand through Steve's hair. "No need to worry, it's lovely. I should've guessed you'd be all gentle and chivalrous, the nice guy that you are," he said, smiling at Steve as if he were the best thing in the world.
While he's considering his immediate future, Steve's eyes land on a flock of grouse-like birds sitting on the slope ahead of him. He'd been thinking of fishing for breakfast, but this could be a much faster solution.
Tony grinned at him, making that fluttery feeling in his gut even more intense. Things were moving much too fast, and Steve was having trouble thinking straight.
In a moment of drunken clarity, it crossed Tony's mind that there was a chance Steve had already handed out a sample for amoromics at some point. Even if he hadn't wanted a soulmate back in the forties, maybe he'd changed his mind. Tony hadn't asked him about that, either.
Tony closes his hands into fists and blows at them to warm his half-frozen fingers, then reaches behind his back to scratch at the countless bites spotting it. His stomach is rumbling, and he has no food.
"That'd be far too easy," Stane said. He'd produced a white handkerchief from a pocket and was wiping his nose with it.
He wondered if things would've turned out differently if he'd reciprocated Tony's feelings that night, but that was probably exaggerating his influence on Tony by a mile. Whatever had made Tony the way he was today, surely it wasn't just being turned down by Steve that night; last night, eighty-five years ago.
"Yes, I am," Steve said.
Pepper stepped closer and gave the drone an awkward pat. It stayed inactive.
Steve couldn't claim to understand all the legal aspects of their situation, but he knew that if they followed through the entire process, it would be very messy, and could take years. They had a strong case to show that Stane was guilty of several serious crimes, but in putting up a fight against him Tony's side had broken the law as well, starting with the three frame kills. Steve remembered some precedents from the past where crimes against one's own clone while it was illegally possessed by someone else had been disregarded; technically, it was still their clone, and therefore they were allowed to do whatever they wanted to it. He wasn't sure if that'd be the logic applied to Tony's case.
"Hydra doesn't have me. You escaped and you got me out," Steve said.
After leaving Tony alone in the pocket dimension Strange had created, Steve had thought things couldn't possibly get any worse—and then they'd lost the voice connection to him, too. While they'd had it, Steve had at least been able to talk to him, to tell him to hold on and that the Avengers were looking for a way to bring him back, and to be sure that he was still alive. Now, he didn't even know that.
It always came back to Tony. Steve couldn't deny that—although, if Tony had really wanted to help him find out what had happened to his team, he could've done so already instead of deflecting and feigning ignorance. But maybe, just maybe, Steve had been too quick to pass judgement, and Tony was keeping him in the dark to protect him from SHIELD.
It wasn't all those combined sensations of hands on his cock and nipple and lips against his throat that did it; it was the thought that Iron Man was enjoying this as well, wanting Steve so badly he'd let go of his almost paranoid caution to give Steve this moment of pleasure—
The doors opened without so much as a whoosh, and one of the drones shoved Steve out so forcefully that he stumbled to keep his balance. When he looked up, his eyes met the contemptuous, cold look on Tony's frame.
A key feature of scientific thinking was the ability to admit you were wrong. To shift your paradigm.
"Won't they? I'm curious to find out." Tony sat down on the bed once again, but he held no knife or pliers this time. Instead, he placed his hand on one of Steve's knees.
He is anxious, though. He has nowhere to go, and he'll have to face everything he's been avoiding.
"Well, I tried," Ultron said, as they finally started to slow down and came to a smooth stop. "Don't blame me when you meet your untimely death."
Tony let out a little gasp, but then captured Steve's hand in his to draw it away, looking ever so slightly regretful. "Nope. This isn't about me." He raised his other hand as well, holding Steve's between both of his. He switched into a more clinical touch again, his fingers closing around Steve's wrist, then feeling around the bones of his knuckles. The methodical guise lasted until he brought Steve's hand to his mouth to suck on his index and middle finger.
He sighs in relief as the view around him comes into focus and turns out to look very much like a generic hospital room, with nothing particularly sinister about it. Considering how many things he's hooked up to, he'd guess intensive care. That probably also means someone's keeping an eye on his numbers, and he can expect company, because he's pretty sure his heart rate and blood pressure just spiked.
"You alright?" James asked, hovering close by, like he couldn't decide whether he should push Tony to keep going or place a hand on his back to support him.
"Hi again," Steve replied, doing his best to convince himself that being here wasn't just a self-indulgent waste of time.
The FDNY's investigation had concluded that the fire had most likely started from a curtain, and there had been candles close by. As explanations went, it seemed far-fetched to Tony that seeing a mundane incident like that would've been enough to awake the fiery thing inside him. It wasn't impossible, but the simpler explanation was that he'd set that curtain on fire himself. Unfortunately, they had no good eyewitness accounts, and since Tony himself had no recollection of what had happened, he'd probably never know the truth.
"Why do it at all, though? You hate me so much, you'd risk your life to get rid of me?" Steve asked. The raw emotions radiating from him were overpowering, but difficult to name: the anger was still there, but also other things, despair, longing, maybe fear?
Steve can't help thinking that the container is a bad omen, his constant worry growing even more urgent. There shouldn't be any reason for Tony to leave his gear behind—the only situation where it would make sense would be if he got rescued and didn't need it anymore, but that can't have happened. Steve wouldn't have missed an aircraft passing this close to the hut.
To Steve's surprise, it turned out he did. "Steve, did you say? You're looking for Tony, aren't you?"
Stark pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows, clearly noticing the way Bucky had decided to shift gears. "The world outside is not like your friends here are telling you, you know," Stark said, without preamble, his tone still conversational. "The dinosaurs are not your enemies."
The dinosaur heeded his words, chasing after him, moving fast for a being whose footfalls were heavy enough to make the stone floor tremble. It was quite a sight to behold, Bucky thought as he glanced over his shoulder, seeing Stark on the dinosaur's back, clinging to the colorful crest.
Tony turned his back on the windows to face Steve properly, a fond smile on his lips. His eyes seemed to go through a dozen emotions in one blink, flickering between doubt and hope. It was an expression that no impostor would've been able to copy. "You know, they're right to be afraid of you, because when you say it like that, I believe you."
"That's quicker than I expected," Steve said, still struggling to wrap his mind around the idea. He'd thought the process would take much longer; he'd worried that the month the doctors had estimated Tony had left would be cutting it close.
"And do you still like me, Steve?" Tony asked, caressing Steve's chin with his thumb.
Randall was standing behind the bed, as if hoping it could protect him from Steve's wrath. "Technically, our gene engineers, but it was a commissioned work," he said defensively.
He wasn't sure how long he stayed where he was, sitting on the damp, mossy rock. With the sun almost gone, the air was rapidly cooling down. Steve was used to the cold, and it shouldn't have bothered him, but somehow it seemed to chill him right to the bone.
Tony hadn't been expecting a rescue. Not because he'd thought the others didn't care—he'd known Steve would do whatever he could—but because he'd thought they would never be able to find him in the North. Clearly, he'd underestimated their resourcefulness. "Of course," he repeated. "Where am I, anyway? How long was I out?"
He's sure Tony would disapprove, but as long as he makes it through this, Steve is prepared to make his case for how this is an emergency that requires any means necessary—especially since there's no telling how long they will have to wait for help, or if help will come at all.
"Just look at you," Steve said. "You're making me feel old."
He realized he was still grinning.
Steve swallowed, his throat feeling tight all of a sudden. It was both out of sympathy and disbelief that Tony would berate himself like that, and because Tony had no idea what he was talking about. Just like everyone else, he'd put Captain America on a pedestal. Especially coming from him, it was completely undeserved, after what Steve had done.
"Your friend, he is also superhero?" Tapio asks, his eyes still on his fishing gear.
"That's the second time today," Steve grumbled, mostly to himself. "Did he say where he was going?"
He'd only been back for a matter of hours, and he already found himself questioning his choice to return. He could’ve been on the run, now. Instead, he was here, staring at a hint of sunset hues visible through the thick cover of clouds from his glass-walled prison.
What Natasha had been able to tell them was that the dungeons where the Northerners were probably keeping Tony had two entrances. The usual way in would be difficult to reach, since it lay inside the perimeter wall, but there was a second, larger tunnel connecting to them with an opening directly in the wall. Located behind the town when looking at the main gates, it was perfect for their purposes. They'd try to get as close as they could without being noticed, subdue the guards and break in. It shouldn't be too difficult.
"Yeah, except if this turns out to be some kind of a ploy. How will they even know I am who I say I am? I can't prove it. Hydra's swapped all the identifying data for Obie's. Even neural pattern scans will label him as Tony Stark. For all intents and purposes, he
If the plan had been to eliminate Steve's team, because they were people who had prefered the old order of things—oh, no. Peggy. Peggy might be next on the list. Her job was mostly in the office, nowadays, and her sudden death would be more difficult to explain than a so-called mission gone wrong, but if these usurpers were so deep inside SHIELD already, who knew what they were capable of.
Bucky glanced past the wing of the plane and Steve's red, white and blue figure clinging to it. There was no land in sight, and the sea had to be at least several hundred feet below them. Steve might be able to take the impact from this height, but Bucky was sure he wouldn't.
Eventually, he did drift off, only to wake up to the sound of creaking floorboards. He sat up, looking around, ready to leap into action, but it was only Tony, halfway to the door, his silhouette just visible in the sliver of pale moonlight escaping the curtains.
In the end, with varying degrees of reluctance, everyone accepted Natasha's proposal, which meant that on the next day, once the imposing outline of the walled town had appeared on the horizon, it was time to part ways.
"I'm not going anywhere," Steve reassured him, settling down to sit by his side, but leaving a good meter of space between them to make sure he wouldn't seem threatening.
"Cytokine release syndrome, that's what they're calling your condition," Steve went on. "Which is a fancy name for some kind of seriously overblown immune reaction. Either to the modified Extremis virus you used, or because you targeted the soulmate sequences, they're not sure."
That doesn't make any sense whatsoever to Steve, but clearly, Tony's already working on some ingenious solution for getting back home.
Soulmates weren't something Steve spent a lot of time thinking about. He had plenty of other things on his mind, things that were actually important, unlike some fringe theories about romantic fairy tales. The occasional, brief conversations with Howard were certainly not enough to sway his opinion.
Steve leaned in to press a kiss on a relatively clean spot on Tony’s forehead before getting up. “Sit tight. I’ll be right back.”
The scene stopped still for a brief moment before the Kingpin's words sank in, and then, everyone flashed into action at once. The thugs by Maya's sides pushed her over the edge, ignoring her shouts of protest, while the most enthusiastic of Tony's guards bowled him over, sending them both tumbling into the waves, the splashes of the two men hitting the water following only a few seconds after Maya's fall. The other mobsters were a little slower to react, some of them stopping to kick off their shoes, shrug off their coats or take off their shoulder holsters.
"Oh, hey there!" Tony called out cheerfully as he spotted Steve at the door to the workshop.
"No reason you can't have both," Rhodey said. "There's a bed at the back."
"If you'd just asked me," Tony said, shaking his head.
Once the situation seemed clear, no Northerners following and the retreating group out of sight from Crabb Castle among the bushes and cliffs closer to the shore, Steve picked up his pace to catch up with the head of the pack. He found Natasha guiding Tony and Bucky's steed, and he could guess she was taking them towards the camp. It was still some way to go, though. Steve couldn't wait. He had to know that Tony was okay.
He just didn't want to.
The last shreds of sleep slowly clearing away, Steve did remember: the candid middle-of-the-night conversation with Tony, and falling asleep holding him. Almost as if they'd gotten another shot at that last night in the past.
********************
He stays where he is, his cheek resting against cold, hard rock, and closes his eyes. Some light seeps through his lids, making sleep even more elusive.
Their second kiss was just as breathtaking as the first, if not more.
Once Steve has left, Obie steps closer to Tony, lowering his voice conspiratorially. "If you're changing your stance on androids, this isn't the way to go, Tony. Why settle for a CyberLife product? Imagine what we could do if we designed our own line. I'm sure you could modify that power source enough to get around any intellectual property hiccups."
Steve struggled to keep his face neutral. He realized this wasn't the most watertight of stories, and he wasn't great at improvising. He'd just have to hope it was enough. "He wanted to. I told him not to, not yet. I'd seen that fire at your meeting with the mob, and I thought it might not be safe."
Tony, for one, didn't seem too worried, but returned the toast. "And to yours. If you'd like to keep it, try to hold back the murderous urges tonight."
Finally, when he was convinced there was nothing to be gained from spending more time at the site, he headed back towards the police headquarters to check with Bucky. That visit was short: there was no news. At least it seemed like their mysterious burning man hadn't set anything else on fire today. Steve thanked Bucky for his good work once again, and told him to head home whenever he felt like it. It was around five in the afternoon already, and he didn't expect Bucky to sit by the radio around the clock.
It's very much a rhetorical question, but of course, Steve answers it anyway. "My core functionalities are well suited for personal protection, so I'd probably be most useful as a bodyguard, but if you don't need one, I can be whatever you need me to be. A servant, an assistant, or a companion."
He tried to think of what else he could do to be better prepared for the evening, but he didn't come up with much. He'd explored all the leads he'd had. There were no stones left unturned.
Once he reached his apartment, he undressed and went for the shower, never mind that he'd already cleaned up in Tony's hotel room. The cold water running down his body seemed to clear his head a little, although the way it stung against his dried lips and his still slightly oversensitive cock kept reminding him of what he'd been up to.
