Sherlock dares to reach out and rest his hand over John’s, his own hand trembling slightly.  John’s hand remains still but his skin is soft and warm and Sherlock takes solace in that fact.
As always, John imagined an older Sherlock smiling at him from his chair, his hair threaded through with grey, the pattern of his curls highlighted.  His face gently ageing; the lines on his skin only adding character to a still-handsome face, the laughter lines around his eyes deepening as he raises his face for a loving kiss.
“Yep.”
“God, you're so bloody beautiful.”
“It’s good to see you awake, Doctor Watson. How are you feeling?”
"Did you know?" John queries, shaking the phone in Sherlock's direction.
As he regains the full use of his mental faculties Sherlock becomes even more aware of his physical self and, in particular, the intense pain in his chest.  It’s a tangible reminder of his own healing state.  He keeps his eyes open and fixed upon his brother’s carefully blank face, only Mycroft’s steel blue eyes betray his true emotions.  Sympathy tempered with understanding; an unusual look on him, but not completely unfamiliar to Sherlock.  Slowly, Sherlock wills the tension to leave his body and with it some of his pain begins to disperse. He realises that during his panic he had brought his knees up to his chest and he works now on slowly lowering his legs, wincing when his bare feet hit the cold floor, a shock against his over-heated skin.  A slight feeling of light-headedness is indicative of how close he had been to hyperventilating and Sherlock continues to concentrate on breathing evenly.
He allows himself to think about the Mary conundrum. He is still unsure as to precisely why she shot him.  If it had been to protect herself from Magnussen then surely shooting Magnussen would have served her better?  If it had been because she saw Sherlock as some sort of threat to her relationship with John, then she could have killed him at any other point in their relationship and with her skills made it look completely accidental.  It was only once John had seen that Sherlock was capable of some sort of romantic (and therefore, implied, sexual) relationship (one that was ultimately fake) that Mary had taken such extreme action against him.  If it were merely that she was afraid of what he would reveal to John about the secrets that Magnussen held over her then she would only have needed to speak to him, to trust him.  She already knew that he would do anything to keep John happy and safe and if that had meant that John was kept in the dark then he would have done that.  Sherlock briefly wonders if he did the right thing telling John who shot him, then acknowledges that it was absolutely the right thing to do.  John knew that Sherlock was facing his attacker and would have kept worrying the point until he found out the hard way.
"Was it satisfying enough, father? Have I done you a good service?"
Sherlock scowled. Mycroft shook his head.
John let out a breathy chuckle at the admittance. He was surprised he'd even lasted this long. It'd been eons since he last relieved himself. He took note of the sensitivity of this man's scalp and filed it away, moving his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck, moving it with him. He was genuinely impressed with his skill; he wasn't sure if it was just lust, or if this really was the best blowjob he'd ever gotten.
“I don’t want to tell you how to live your life. Or who to love. This works for me, father. This dynamic. Being sinful in secret like the rest of the world. Coming here for counselling. Even if you don’t touch me. Your company is enough.” He whispered, feeling his cheeks warming up and his lips tingling.
After entering the confessional, and confirming Father John Watson was sitting at his side separated by a thin wooden panel, Sherlock found his throat had gone dry. The silence was deafening, the church was completely empty that evening.
The younger kept his eyes fixed on John's, completely surrendered at this man's feet. He didn't need any other instruction after that. He propped himself up on his knees, finding John's lips. He kept their mouths a hair away, sharing quiet breath with the man.
Sherlock had closed his eyes, turning his head so he could press his forehead down on the cool oak beneath him. He focused on the flood of stimuli, storing every last bit of it away in his Mind Palace for posterior reminiscing. He could feel his own hot breath bouncing off the varnished surface as he let out a throaty moan at being pressed on harder. He’d had his fair share of sexual encounters, but none of them had ever had even a semblance of intimacy. He was normally involved with rougher men, fucked, then ignored, and he’d convinced himself that he liked that detached way of going about it. Until he’d met John. His heart wasn’t racing, he wasn’t trying to break a world record on how fast he could get someone off, the priest’s touch was purposeful. He felt pure, unadulterated lust, and ease in his arms.
Brother Roth had a quizzical look on his face, but John simply took Sherlock by the upper arm and began to guide him in the direction of his office before he could formulate a grouchy response. "Now, if you don't mind, brother, we haven't much time left in the evening for work to be done. God be with you, I'll see you during morning prayer."
Sherlock smirked a bit to himself, staring down at the floor. This man was charming, and he didn't think he'd ever used that adjective to define anyone. He also didn't think he'd ever met anyone actually charming until he'd laid eyes on John Watson. Something about his voice, the way he took most of Sherlock's hard-hitting rhetorics and turned them into conversation effortlessly, he even seemed to laugh at what the young detective considered jokes. He shook his head, clearing his throat. This was stupid. It was one thing to be attracted to the man, and a very different thing to be influenced by him. He almost made him want to behave, for goodness's sake.
Father Roth turned to look at John, exasperated. “This time on a Sunday, Brother Watson? Very rude of him to just waltz into our living quarters, and that eye is ghastly. God does not condone violence, young man.” He sputtered, adjusting his spectacles.
“You live here or around here. What time does service normally end for the day? Will a nun come chase me off with a rolling pin if I come at night? I have no clue what you lot are up to in here, but I do know I want to see you again.”
Sunday came, and he spent that morning sorting the last bit of paperwork with Lestrade. Then, he went home and collapsed on his bed for a couple of hours. He woke up with a jolt, and had a long shower and grooming session to make himself look presentable.
"Why don't you come with me?"
"You can confess yourself later, I'm told it helps."
Sherlock remained quiet for a little after thinking on the priest's last words. "I was about to graduate from Oxford University with a degree in Forensic Chemistry and a doctorate in Biochemistry. I believe I understand the drug fairly well, father. My brain function has been nothing if not heightened by my continued drug abuse." Fat talk for a man that couldn't escape his addiction. "I am the world's only Consulting Detective. I invented the position. I work with those helpless bastards at NSY. Well, work is a bit of a reach, I'm not paid. Ad Honorem. Purely for the thrill of it. And heroin helps with harder cases. Also, going back to your other question, the fact that you call me son barely even registered. However, calling you father, certainly has an effect on me, and not the one, I'm sure, you were going for."
Sherlock looked up at what he knew was the most handsome man he'd ever laid eyes on. Cobalt eyes, piercing, but kind. His skin was that of a man who had been under the sun, in all kinds of climates. Blond hair, interrupted by silvery strands.
"Perhaps... Perhaps not." John sighed, looking away, to the unoccupied chair beside them. He fidgeted with his clerical collar, pulling it in and out of place. "I can't promise that future visits will be as.... Satisfying. But I'd like to get to know you more." Being so honest brought a flush to his cheeks again, like he was a teenager. He did need time to think, and a cleansing would give him a great excuse.
It was a well known fact that Sherlock Holmes had a crippling addiction to opioids woven into his career as a detective. After dropping out of university and the Royal Ballet, the only thing his habit didn't seem to wreck was how innately good he was at solving other people's problems. He'd tried it all, he'd toured all rehabilitation facilities on the British Isles, and yet, he couldn't shake it off. Not that he cared that much, to be frank.
Sherlock let out a breathy moan at the sight of him, stern, left in those glorious robes. He stood up, towering over John and yet looking so much smaller. His eyes were hungry, his mouth was agape, and his hands cupped the man’s face, looking down at him. “I did. This very desk.” He growled, giving the man a hard, determined kiss before turning to face the sturdy piece of furniture. He brought John’s arms around him, guiding his hands through his bare chest, while he slotted his arse into the man’s hips. He let out a hard breath at the contact, holding himself up with one of his hands on the desk.
This man wanted not forgiveness.
“Now I leave you to question your choices, motivations, and priorities, father.” The young detective cleared his throat and stood a little straighter as John let go of him, fixing his clothes. He pulled his scarf out of his pocket and wrapped it around his neck.
“I’ll be here next Sunday, father. Do take care.”
“Only with your blessing, father.” He replied gently, smiling a bit. He thought back on all John had done since their meeting, and what he’d done. Hell, he’d wanked to the thought of him every time he showered. “I won’t tell you how badly I want you to bend me over this very desk. I hope I’m not here to ruin your life, father. Wouldn’t be my intention. Priests are allowed to have sex, if memory serves.”
"Well, I'm glad to hear that. You're an interesting one to talk to, as well," He told him earnestly, "If you insist on your habits, there's not much this old priest can do to stop you. I can tell you it's against God's will, which is true, but you don't care about that. I can tell you it's a poor decision, which you'd probably care more to hear."
He felt strong, calloused hands on his cheeks, and dark eyes on his. His own mouth parted slightly, and his eyelids were heavy. He let out a soft breath, quite possibly the last bit of air left in his lungs.
He was pliant and responsive at John’s ministrations, now sat on the desk and looking down at the other. Before he said another word, he met John’s lips in a slow, deep kiss, locking his ankles at the small of his back.
Mr. Holmes was speaking from a sincere need to help, and both Mrs. Holmes and Mycroft were ready to jump on that bandwagon. Even if neither of them were as faithful as Mr. Holmes, the idea was good. They'd tried it all at this point.
He paused.
The priest leaned forward and folded his hands together on the desk in front of him. His bible and paper work were placed haphazardly across it, a physical manifestation of his nerves. He cleared his throat. He did admire Sherlock's manners. His posh upbringing showed through his actions, and it was attractive. "You look good. Despite the, er-" He made a vague motion to his face for emphasis. "You didn't miss much at the service. Can I tell you a secret? Sometimes I recycle old sermons when I'm not feeling inspired. Nobody ever notices." He sighed, running a hand through his hair. It wasn't very long, but it was a force of habit. He certainly hadn't felt any divine inspirations this week.
Things like that- situations like this one- are what drew him to the priesthood. It wasn't necessarily a calling from God, although he was raised Catholic. It was a purpose. For him to have a purpose again after the war. A way to help people, to be needed. And, he was faithful to God, even if it wasn't the original purpose.
He cast a quick glance at the man beside him. He was visibly nervous.
John couldn't help the flinch that came along with the analysis, as true as it was. He reflexively brought a hand up to his left shoulder. He was flattered, embarrassed, confused, and conflicted. Mostly, he was impressed. He'd heard stories of the Holmes' boys, but he never imagined someone speaking to him like this, like he'd known him all his life, just from some analyzing and a brief background check. His eyes dropped to his lips as he spoke, too flustered to make eye contact anymore.
In the other end of London, it had been a long week for John.
Being casual, or what people normally conceived as being casual usually translated into rudeness when it left the detective's mouth. Sherlock didn't wish to cross any lines, lest he didn't impress the priest. Suddenly, this whole plan seemed beyond stupid - What was he hoping to accomplish, anyway, by entering the confessional with Father Watson?
"I can attest to Mr. Holmes' fondness for rugby." He finished simply. Sherlock looked down to hide the smile involuntarily spreading on his face and the scoff pushing at the back of his throat.
“Depends on who you ask. To me, you’re a prayer in perfect piety.”
By the time of the Sunday sermon, he was sweating and trembling as he put on his robes. Why, damn it? To be so affected by another man? A part of him was firmly made up that it was a mistake and that it was finished with - Sherlock wouldn't return, and he'd go back to his quiet, simple existance, free of consulting detectives and confessional conjugal visits.
A huge thanks goes once again to my amazing beta, Lockedinjohnlock. Apparently I think in semi colons but write in commas, she has been hugely patient in correcting all of those! She's most definitely my go-to girl for brilliant word choices!
“Me safe? You think Mary will try to hurt me if I leave her?”
Come home if convenient. - SH
"There's a saying 'If you love something, set it free... If it comes back, it's yours, if it doesn't, it never was.... ' You've already set him free and he keeps coming back.  Now it's Mary's turn."
"Strangely, that ties in with my first kiss with a bloke. I was 17, almost 18. I'd just sat my last 'A' level and my mate, Nathan, and I decided to celebrate the end of our exams by getting utterly hammered. He got the beers in, we went to his and we settled down for what we thought would be a truly epic drinking session. We were only a few bottles in when he kissed me. I was so shocked I froze, then, I'm afraid I rather inelegantly snogged him. I'd slept with a previous girlfriend but that experience hadn't prepared me for the surge of want that I felt for him." The memory of his fumblings brings a deep flush to John's cheeks that Sherlock finds strangely endearing. He had expected to feel jealous, hearing about John's previous lovers but instead he feels only inquisitiveness.
“You’ll work it out, Sherlock.  You always do.”  John takes one of Sherlock’s hands between both of his and leans in.  “Anything I can do?”
I’ve been in love with you for years, lusting after you for much longer.”
because you are part of it.”
This story is gradually being edited by the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock in preparation for being turned into a podfic! I'm so excited! She is a brilliant beta too!  (I honestly can't sing her praises loud enough)
"Great deduction that, Sherlock. You should be a detective or something." Laughing at his own joke, John sipped at his drink, savouring the smooth warmth of the whiskey.
"Right, I'm off for a shower before the doctors come round.  I bet you're looking forward to being home, finally being allowed to shower without a nurse being present or having the dreaded bed bath."  John collects clean clothes from their wardrobe, smirking at Sherlock.
"Oh." Sherlock raises his eyebrows, teasing John. "So, a different type of rubbing then? Very useful in your medical career."
“What?”
“I know you can hear me, John, but I don't know how much of this you will remember.  My life changed for the better the moment you limped in to it.  In less than twenty-four hours you seamlessly became part of my work, part of my life; my home.  There’s something I’ve meant to say always and then I never have….  Part of me desperately wants to say it now, just to know that I’ve said it to you, but I know that would be selfish of me.  Just know I will always be here for you.  Always.”
It is only now, with his knowledge of elements of Mary’s past, that John is beginning to realise that Mary showed far too much interest in the events, had been too willing to let him spill out all his half-hearted conspiracy theories (some of which put Anderson’s wild ideas to shame). Upon Sherlock’s return, Mary had been the driving force behind John’s reconciliation with him, always asking questions about their cases - old and new; always wanting to hear stories of Sherlock’s time away and how he had faked his death and designed his return.
"I look forward to it. Although, we won't be at the hotel tonight. I need to book us somewhere to stay closer to the Forest Quarter." A slight warmth of colour is apparent on Sherlock's high cheekbones.
I really hope you are continuing to enjoy this, I know it's been a slow burn but I love sweet torture!
I hope you enjoy the sexy times ahead for Sherlock and John - also I'm sorry but I lied, I have one more chapter in mind after this! I will try my best to get it written and out quickly.
“Take me to my brother.”  It’s worded as a request but the demand is clear.
John returns the hug briefly before moving away, placing a quick kiss on Sherlock's nose when he whines in protest.
A response that signifies an end to John’s relationship with Mary could mean that Sherlock’s life continues much as it did before her, before his faked death; a return to thrilling cases and the blood pumping through their veins and equally a return to quiet nights in with a takeaway in front of the television as they both pick holes in the plot lines.
Something in his voice draws Mrs. Hudson’s shrewd gaze, her focus flits from John’s face to Sherlock’s face and everything in-between, including the arm now more around John than on his chair.  “So I see!  About time too, I’d almost given up.”  Mrs. Hudson claps her hands together with glee.
And that's it, the final chapter!  It's a bitter sweet moment for me, I've loved writing this and am just surprised at how long it took me to complete it!
"John?" Sherlock raised his chin so that he was looking up at John from where he laid snuggled on his chest. "I understand if this was just a one off for you."
Rosie rests her head on Mrs. Hudson’s chest , clutching her cuddly bee tightly to her body. “Daddy home soon?”
"Mycroft said .." Sherlock stuttered to a halt, licking his lips nervously before continuing. "He told me before I left that you and Mary were expecting a child. The information was straight from his people and we both know how good they are." Sherlock could hear the cracks in his voice as vague tendrils of hope weaved their way through his usually icy demeanour, gradually knocking bricks out of his carefully constructed wall.  If there was no baby, maybe John would come home? Almost before the thought had been formed, Sherlock knew that it was not going to happen. John had gone home to Mary, had made the choice to stay with Mary.
Festive violin music can be heard as John walks down the stairs, the sounds warming John’s heart even as they soothe the last of his concerns about leaving Rosie overnight.
……but we are not.”  He exhales gently.  “Yet.”
“Who hurt you?” John demands again, his brows furrowed, his features suddenly intent. “I’ll kill them.”
Minutes pass before John can pull his attention away from Chen to look at Sherlock, curious to see how he is reacting.  If John thought that watching Chen play was captivating, it is nothing compared to watching Sherlock experience it.  Each soaring note makes Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut before he forces them open again, each crescendo makes his breath catch, his full lips parting.  John loses himself both in the beauty of the music and of Sherlock, knowing this moment, this image, will be indelibly imprinted on him forever.
hough I suspect we covet them for different reasons.”
The moment that John was inside the flat Sherlock had felt some of his anxiety melt away. He had been so nervous waiting for John to arrive.  Worried that John would change his mind, worried that John would see the deeper reason behind the dance lessons and refuse. Sherlock truly wanted to be of help to John, he was taking his Best Man duties very seriously after all, but he was honest enough with himself. Now.  Finally. To admit that the greater part of his eagerness was to have an excuse to spend some precious hours with John. Hours not spent looking at corpses or running across rooftops, the Work was important, of course it was. But John, John was vital.
"Just choose a bed, Sherlock. It's not rocket science." John's voice is soft and rich with affection.
John blinks, blankly, at the surgeon until his presence fully registers and pierces the angry fog cradling and smothering John’s brain and he forces his face into the semblance of something more welcoming and less reminiscent of a grimace; automatically reaching with his left hand to shake Mr Rajkoomar’s hand, wincing when the action pulls at the injury on his upper arm.
“Sherlock has refused to leave your side for any decent amount of time since you left surgery.
It occurs to Sherlock that he should feel insulted by John speaking for him but he can’t help feeling reassured by John’s vow, it is further evidence of John’s intention to stay by his side.
Trousers, not jeans. Straight from work.
Sherlock halts his frantic fluttering, unconsciously standing a little straighter, frowning in concern at John’s seeming memory loss.
, choking him.
“Oh god, that was good.” John chuckles, running a hand over his hot face, his hair a wild mess.
The realisation causes him to suck in a sudden breath and grip at John's hand. He ignores John's quiet query and opens his eyes to meet Mycroft's concerned look.
Sherlock studies his brother in shock. Had he really just implied that he had been disappointed that John didn't choose him rather than Mary? A soft snort to his side stoppers the flow of vitriol he is preparing to spill.
The journey back to the hotel is quiet, Sherlock obviously deep in thought. John studies Sherlock's profile as they sit in the tram; he looks unusually pensive. The case is not drawing on Sherlock's resources in the way others have done, but he appears drawn, worried. John resists the temptation to pull him into an embrace - something so completely out of character that John wonders where the thought came from - instead he nudges Sherlock with his shoulder, gaining his attention.
"That...." John gasps between laughs, "was ridiculously hot and very satisfying." He grins when Sherlock nods in agreement, words seemingly still lost to him. "I would suggest a shower but honestly, I'm bloody knackered. I'll grab a flannel and clean us both up."
Leaning over John, Sherlock allows the brief transfer of body heat between them to calm his own residual nerves and reaches for the stack of photographs.
“And who do I have to thank for this preferential treatment?”  He peels and eats the banana, feigning extreme disinterest.
"Yep. My results are back from Molly. All clear." He shifts on the sofa until he can slip his arms around Sherlock's neck. "I'm sure you can deduce what that means then." He breathes a kiss against the full lips offered to him.
“Just get your arse..”  Rosie shrieks in protest when John picks her up, swinging her up high before resting her on his hip, the movement second nature to him.  “….into a costume and down to Mycroft’s ‘bash’ next week and I’ll try and find a way for us to enjoy the event.”
“Where the hell did you hear that crap?”  Lestrade’s words imply that he doesn't know the likely source of the phrase but the quick, narrow-eyed glare he flashes in Mycroft’s direction refutes that.  “Yeah, some relationships are shit, some are beautiful, some are duplicitous, some are full of honesty.  But we learn and we grow from every experience, no matter how painful it might be.  If we cut ourselves off from human emotions, the good and the bad, then we stagnate and we might as well be dead.”  Lestrade turns to face Mycroft.  “Caring is always an advantage.  Always.”
“No.”
"No, but I'd like to find out." Sherlock admits, before joining in with John's laughter.
Laying the medical paraphernalia out on the kitchen table, which is still strangely free of apparatus, John queries what the phone call was about.
"Understood. And am I to understand that you want nothing more to do with the woman we are referring to?" Sherlock stills at Mycroft's question. This is the crux of the matter. John's warm hand tenderly squeezes his own once more and John briefly bends his neck so he can rest his cheek against Sherlock's hand on his shoulder before straightening up, the soldier's bearing apparent.
"Sherlock." His whispered name draws him back out of his increasingly frustrating musings, the sight of John's concerned and caring face going a long way to calming his thoughts, if not his fears. He reaches out a shaking hand towards the cup of ice chips, wincing at the pull of the drip in his hand. A blood pressure cuff on his other arm limits his movement from that side. "Nope. You're sitting still and I'm doing this. You're going to sit there and suck on this ice and be bloody quiet whilst I have my say." John puts the cup down on the small slide-out table on the hospital bed and uses the buttons to slowly raise Sherlock into a seated position. He leans over Sherlock to adjust the pillow and Sherlock catches a hint of John's deodorant and the delicious musk of John himself. His pulse speeds up a little as a result of John's proximity and he silently curses the increased beeping from the monitor, spilling his secrets to the world at large.
“Not really something that comes up in every-day police work.”
"Hmmmmm.  Our bedroom?" John quirks his head to one side, pretending to think the proposition over, relenting only when he sees the cheeky look on Sherlock's face begin to falter. "Brilliant idea, Sherlock.  I think for this experiment we should be naked. No clothes in the way to invalidate the results.  Although I'm sure repeat experiments will have their merits!"
Before Sherlock is able to calm his brain enough to answer, John takes him deep into his mouth, and the only things he can articulate are a collection of meaningless sounds.  His usually over active mind is only registering, 'wet, warm, pleasure, John,' on constant loop.
John comes back with the flannel, a broad smile on his face.
"The soil from Jonas' boots was, as I suspected, a mixture of several soils. The newer, lighter coloured soil was from London. Mixed in with that were some cement particles; I've sent the results to Lestrade, it should help him narrow down where Lechner was kept for the time he was missing. The darker, older soil is from here in Austria. Specifically Walderviertel. Unfortunately it's quite a vast area. I was hoping that the soil would yield more information. But, in conjunction with the Luciolinae, we do have some indication of where Lechner has visited."
Five days ago, he had realised the true intensity of Sherlock's feeling for him, had been held in Sherlock's embrace, had had that slim body pressed intimately against his own..... Now he was standing on the threshold of a white hospital room, listening to the soulless beep of machinery and wishing he was lucky enough to be feeling numb.  Anything would be better than the empty, hollow, echoing pain in his chest where his heart used to be.
Sherlock states, his inflection falling flat as if quoting from some medical text and John concedes that is probably precisely what he is doing.
I have really missed writing these two!
John surges up and kisses Sherlock deeply, groaning as their tastes mingle. Sherlock clutches at the nape of John's neck, pulling him hard into the kiss. John moans and digs his fingers deep into Sherlock's hips, helplessly thrusting against his thigh. He almost yelps when a slippery hand works its way around his cock, the grip precisely how he needs it. Sherlock begins to work him hard and fast and John thrusts hard into his grip, sucking on the delicate flesh of Sherlock's chest, coming with a cry against Sherlock's leg.
"We seem to be getting more and more of those."
John doesn't want to fall back into a world where he can’t recognise what is real and what is not but exhaustion licks once again at him, pulling him once more into its grasp.
It is only the sudden worry of getting John’s, miraculously still dry, head wound wet that makes Sherlock even think about turning the shower off.
“Tell me again who I’m meeting tonight.”  John asks, undoing his tie, frustrated with the way it is sitting.
A threat to your life when you are barely out of surgery, alone and vulnerable, is nothing?”
John asks directly, swallowing against the bile that threatens to flood his mouth.
He turns from the window just in time to see John adjusting the waistband of his boxers over his hips.  He moves towards the wardrobe; oblivious to the way Sherlock’s skin flushes and his eyes travel over John’s body, taking in the faded, knotted scar on his shoulder, the fine golden hair gleaming damply on his chest and legs, the way the dark material of his underwear hints at what is hidden beneath.
John chuckled before sucking at Sherlock's neck, marking him, making him his. Sherlock tilted his head back further, indicating that John should continue. Eagerly John left more love bites, aware that he was behaving like a teenager and honestly not giving a flying fuck! Finally John moved his body lower, trailing kisses over the toned chest beneath him.
"Am I seeing, what I think I'm seeing?" John queries.
Mary is swathed in her ever-present red coat, looking larger than life in its unflattering cut and colour.  Sherlock’s own coat has John’s blood on it, dried now to hard, dark patches.  The fact that Mary’s coat remains pristine speaks about how hands on she had been in helping John after she shot him and it says it more eloquently than anything Sherlock could possibly say.
"Mmmm, that's so nice." John sighs, tipping his head forward in silent encouragement for Sherlock to continue with his ministrations. Sherlock brushes his lips over the soft skin and rests their linked hands over John's heart, he can feel the steady thump, thump through their joined hands. Slowly, Sherlock opens his eyes and turns John to face him, their hands now fitting snugly between their chests, his other hand resting on the curve of John's buttocks. Sherlock leans down and kisses John. The kiss is nothing more than a brush of lips against lips at first but then John parts his lips and grips more firmly at Sherlock's hand, his other hand sliding into the long hair at Sherlock's nape, guiding Sherlock's head down to deepen their embrace. As they kiss, the bathroom fills with steam from the shower and when they open their eyes again the room appears almost otherworldly and extremely private. This sense of privacy and the way that John is holding his hand so tightly against his heart finally gives Sherlock the bravery to say something that he has meant to say for so long. He rests his forehead against John's and breathes deeply of the scent of him.
The kiss continues until the ping of the lift announces their arrival at another floor, Sherlock glances over his shoulder and upon registering the floor number he once again tugs John along by his wrist.
If the mood so takes you remember to subscribe to the story and/or me as an author!
He removes his glasses, carefully cleaning them, before replacing them and intently studying John.
For earlier.”
“True, but it always pays to be prepared.”  John smiles, obviously relishing the unusual situation of Sherlock not knowing something.
Closing his eyes, he breathes in deeply, ignoring the faint protest from his chest.
Almost but not quite.
“Can we go home now, John?”  Sherlock whines, the fingers of one hand tugging at the collar of his jumper.
"Good morning, John." Sherlock's voice is sleep-soft and husky and John responds in kind, a smile on his lips. Neither man seems to be in a hurry to start the day, both happy to stay wrapped in their covers' embrace. John thinks it could only be better if they were sharing the one bed, the one set of sheets. Sensing his body starting to react to his thoughts, John curls into a tighter ball and makes a conscious effort to pull his mind away from the enticing vision.
“I’m not a ghost.”
Please read and rate. Comment and kudos always make me smile!
After what seems like hours, Sherlock finally opens his eyes. John lies, relaxed, beside him and somehow they are both still on their sides, faces level with each other. He takes in John's sweaty, flushed face and the way he seems so satiated and smiles. It's a smile that comes from the heart and the soul and he is relieved beyond words when he sees the same emotions reflected in John's eyes and smile. John raises one, slightly shaky hand and smoothes back the sweaty tendrils of Sherlock's fringe. Sherlock sighs and leans into the touch. It is only when he goes to return the loving touch that he realises that both of his hands are still rather intimately touching John. His left hand is cradling John's scrotum whilst his right hand is loosely holding John's softening cock. His hand is covered in rapidly cooling semen and rather than being disgusted with the sensation, Sherlock finds he enjoys it. Realising that John is probably now over sensitised, he goes to move his hands away, surprised when he feels John's gentle touch encouraging him not to move.
Sherlock awakens with a start, wincing against the pain in his chest and the bright light flooding his sensitive eyes.
“Yes, there is.  I’m the bloody doctor.  I should know whether I’m having an allergic reaction or not.” Sherlock knows better than to argue with that tone - and that the antihistamines won’t do any harm.
At the thought of John, Sherlock felt a wave a sickness engulf him. Two days. Two whole days since he had heard from John. Two long days since he had felt John's heart beating in time to his, felt John's breath against his skin, held a responsive John in his arms. He had composed numerous texts and emails since, never sending any except a short text saying simply 'Goodbye'. John had said he would call him.  He hadn't.  Sherlock had waited hours for the call to come, finally admitting to himself that it never would and making the painful decision to leave John and Mary in peace. Sherlock had called Mycroft, asked him if he still needed his help and had then awaited his brother's arrival, for once grateful for Mycroft's seemingly emotionless approach to life.
The two men watch as the couple walk away, hand in hand, before they collapse in giggles against the lift wall.
“A spy? The fact that he doesn’t stand out would make him perfect for something like that.”  John sips at his water again, not quite meeting Sherlock’s eye.
“Oh?”  Sherlock abandons all pretence of finishing his food, instead moving to hold John’s hand, his heart racing; as it always does every time they make contact.
John carefully positions himself on the bed and rests his tray on his lap. Through necessity, they are slightly apart but there is a comfort and ease that possesses the room as John and Sherlock eat. Sherlock looks a lot at John as they eat but remains quiet, merely smiling when John notices him looking. They eat their meal leisurely and John finds it hard to believe that it's the first time they have done this, shared a meal in bed together. It feels like second-nature to him, something they have always done. Perhaps on Sunday mornings or on quiet days when there are no cases or surgery to rush them from their bed; add in some leisurely (or frantic) love-making and John believes it would be the very epitome of a perfect day. He glances across at Sherlock, noting the way the candlelight highlights his features and adds warmth to his skin. Actually, John thinks, any time spent with this man is a perfect day.
“Usually ‘owever it comes but milk and two sugars would be loverly.’
“ ‘Kay. I need to sleep now, beautiful. Let me look after you later, I’m a doctor.” John’s speech slows and begins to slur as his blinks grow sluggish until he finally drifts off to sleep.  The last of the anaesthesia in his system pulling him back to the land of Morpheus.
“I’m not obsessed, John.”  Sherlock interrupts, tugging slightly on John’s arm.
“Comfortable?”
A sharp tug on his own hair has him slowly withdrawing, following the unspoken directive to move so that his body is once more over John’s, their cocks aligned.
Thanks so much for sticking with me!
He can see Sherlock pout slightly and has to bite back a giggle, the man seems to be able to swing from sexually devastating adult to spoiled teenager in the blink of an eye. John deliberately turns his back and opens the cottage door; he passes the hair gems to Sherlock to store somewhere safe and then moves upstairs to the bedroom. The fireplace is well-equipped, and kindling and matches are already set out. John lights one of the long matches and watches as the dry wood of the kindling catches alight. He can hear rustling behind him as Sherlock puts the gems away but keeps his focus on the firelight in front of him. Watching the dancing flames is somehow soothing and he allows his mind to drift. He ruminates on how their relationship is similar to this fire; how the possibility of it has always been in existence, just needing something to put light to the kindling, in this case the fireflies. The kindling finally catches enough to allow John to put a few dry pine logs on the fire, careful not to smother the flame. Distantly, he hears Sherlock leave the room, followed by the sound of running water. His gaze is lost in the firelight, watching the way the flames lick at the logs. His relationship is at this stage with Sherlock, a wrong move and the whole thing could go out, but he instinctively knows that their relationship will ignite and grow, in the same way that the fire will flourish. It seems only seconds later that he senses Sherlock's presence once more. Rousing himself, he can tell from the way the logs have caught that it has, in reality, been closer to five minutes. He puts up an intricately woven iron fire-guard to protect the room from any sparks, carefully positioning a soft sheep-skin rug near the fire.
Even John was stunned by how wrong his stag night guess had been!
Sherlock agrees, fidgeting in his bed slightly but refusing to release John’s hand.
John? You are coming aren't you John? - SH
"Christ Sherlock, you look bloody dreadful! What happened? What's wrong?" John's heart plummeted to his stomach, all signs of arousal suddenly banished from his mind and body, hands now locked at his side, furiously clenching and releasing. His eyes scanned the room as he marched towards Sherlock, looking for whatever had caused such a look of devastation to be so apparent on Sherlock's face.
Cool air caresses his hot skin as his crumpled clothes are pushed down his calf and over his foot.
"You've only just got in!"
Sherlock parts his lips, encouraging John to do the same and the kiss deepens, John now risks bringing his hands up to rest on Sherlock’s waist, his fingers pressing in.
A shorter piece of work than usual from me but one that has genuinely been years in the making!
John's voice sounds wrecked and Sherlock can picture what he looks like. Forcing his eyes open he looks to see how fantasy John resembles actual John. He is flushed and his eyes are dark with arousal, chest heaving as he keeps his gaze fixed on Sherlock.
The edge of genuine wonder to John’s words echoes the ‘amazing’ and ‘brilliant’ of long ago compliments.  Back to when John still found Sherlock to be worthy of wonder and praise; before John became disillusioned with Sherlock; before Sherlock left him broken and alone on the pavement outside St. Bart’s Hospital. Their relationship is still somewhat fraught since Sherlock’s return, that and Mary’s constant presence in John’s life, has done nothing to encourage the reappearance of their easy camaraderie of days now seemingly long gone.
"Right, bed."
As the evening progresses, Mycroft explains about Mary and her assassin background; how he believes that John may have been deliberately targeted by her when rumours of Sherlock's possible return began to be circulated. John leaves the room a couple of times, always returning with a tray full of drinks and a bag full of snacks. He explains it away as needing to stretch his legs but Sherlock knows it's because he needs to distance himself from what is being discussed.
I knew that I'd found the home for my heart....'
“I don’t get grumpy when I’m hungry.”  John insists, smiling at the easiness of their conversation.  “I just need to eat more often than you do.”  He walks back over to their abandoned bags, picking up his suit carrier from where it rests on the end of the bed.  “I’ll just unpack a bit first, I don’t want this to get wrinkled.”
John coughs, surprised at the way his body is reacting to the slight hint of possessive jealousy Sherlock is unknowingly displaying. His cock, that had been softening during their conversation, once again begins to fill and harden.
"I'm sure we'll manage just fine, Sherlock." The answering twinkle in John's eye and his mischievous smile, all the answer Sherlock requires.
John looks over to Sherlock, eyes wide, overwhelmed. Sherlock feels impotent and can only shake his head; he knows he can do nothing about Magnussen, or Mary, without further discussion with John.
Mycroft disappeared from the doorway shouting for some time until his voice faded down the hallway. Both Sherlock and John watched Mycroft leave before facing each other once more.
Sherlock waited as the man turned his back, and as his back was in full view, Sherlock noticed something very strange about his attire. The man was wearing a bandolier underneath his uniform that became exposed when he had turned. Sherlock smiled as he slipped the tube of lipstick into the bandolier.
“Holmes, I suggest you don’t get involved. You’re too close to the case. You’ll only end up impeding our efforts if we
“You’ll need to see the director,” the guard handed Mycroft the pass back, “he’ll let you in to see the prisoner. His office is down the hall and to the left.”
Sherlock eyed her before turning slightly toward John. “And this is my companion, Dr. Watson.”
appreciate fine architecture. My son does.” Mr. McArthur winked at James who rolled his eyes before settling back in his chair.
“Marvelous, Sherly.” Mycroft rubbed his hands to together, “we’ll eat then maybe we should rest up a bit. I’ve learned a new exotic card game I would like you teach you.” He spun around on his heels, grabbing his coat, hat, and scarf before walking briskly out of the sitting room.
John just stared back at Detective Baynes to which the detective only chuckled. “I had access to your compartment before the train left…we weren’t planning to kill you then, obviously. You’re the main component in the plan, Dr. Watson. We needed you to take the fall for Carberry’s murder.”
you might do…” He glanced around the sitting room, “I think I spotted a corner bakery not too far away from here. I’ll fetch us something to eat for breakfast. How does that sound?”
The figure stopped what he was doing before turning around slowly to face Sherlock. He was holding a piece of wood.
“Okay, unless anyone else wants to leave unceremoniously, get to it people.”
John sighed in his head as he mentally reviewed his actions from the previous night. It was true that the servants had overheard an argument between himself and Dr. Carberry.
“Information our dear Coney has been given from the Yard. Look.” Sherlock pointed to a file that John had stopped on. It was the case concerning Dr. Schuller and his poisonings.
John nodded as he smiled widely, but the smile quickly faded once he realized that Mycroft was also with Sherlock.
But before Lestrade could respond, Sherlock jumped up from his chair to grab his cap and coat. “We’re staying with my brother. If you hear anything else you think might be pertinent to the case, please send me a telegram there.”
“John?” Mary questioned because she was confused by their attire, “John!” She then cried as she realized who was standing in the sitting room.
John scrunched up his face as he listened to Detective Baynes who was now holding his revolver out toward him. John was astonished by the detective’s description of an elaborate, yet unnecessary plot; something about the explanation was unsatisfactory.
“Mycroft, please.” Sherlock said curtly, now dragging Mycroft by the arm, “you’ll alert everyone to our presence here if you continue wailing about.”
The man made a face. “It’s Schuller, sir. He’s becoming difficult to work with…”
“Well, dear, I hope you’re happy now. You got your chase and your grand reveal.” John teased as he helped Sherlock out of the house.
John nodded with his own smile as he placed a hand on Sherlock’s. They only waited a second longer before Bridget appeared. Sherlock motioned for her to take a seat.
John rolled his eyes. This entire case had been a nightmare from the start. Sherlock would race forward then slow down to think at the most unsuitable time, which was costing them precious time to respond to the thief’s next move. Other times, Sherlock would refuse to rest, and John knew he would be neglecting his responsibilities as a doctor and a companion if he didn’t get Sherlock’s leg examined.
“James,” the director finally stepped forward toward the main cell door,” can you please open the door to allow Mr. Holmes to see Dr. Watson?”
John sighed heavily as he slumped onto his cot. He looked down at the cot which had a few stains on it. John decided to stay upright, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sleep that night considering the day’s events.
“Watson, I don’t need a nanny!” John heard Sherlock shout to him as he walked into the hallway.
Mary stared at Mycroft before walking into the room. “Dinner.” She corrected.
After exiting the house, they walked down one of the paths and pass the tombstones until they came upon the carriage house which was not too far away from the main house. John stopped in front of the small building, but Sherlock proceeded inside.
Moriarty sat back in his chair as he reread his notes. He smiled to himself as he placed the journal on top the desk before reaching for his cup of tea.
Mamhud sighed deeply. “Yes, but he was no friend. Quite the opposite…”
They watched in horror as a shadowy figure crossed the cemetery, hiding behind tombstones, popping out from behind every other stone before sprinting to the gated entrance of the cemetery away from the house where both the man and the woman were viewing the eerie scene.
Fedorov nodded as he let go of Mamhud.
“Holmes,” John tried to call without alerting the men to their position, “what are you looking at? We need to leave.”
“We’re going to Mycroft’s estate,” John could hear Sherlock through the daze, “he’ll join us there later once he realizes that we’re gone.”
John was still staring down at the vat as if Henry would magically reappear, unscathed, signaling that this was all a dream or some horrible nightmare that was brought on by anxiety-induced insomnia from having to spend the weekend at Mycroft’s.
“There’s also an opium den that distributes the same vials.” Sherlock continued, “there’s a reason why Carberry was murdered and whomever had him murdered is using Watson to cover their tracks.”
He ran up to a woman sitting at a corner café. She was wearing a scarf that covered her head and neck.
Mycroft’s expression remained unsettling until he pointed to the bedroom door next to him.
care about helping John. So please,” he then turned to get into Mycroft’s face, “stop playing games and tell me what you know.”
Sherlock then turned the handle over, revealing the following inscription:
Through a series of more complaints, Mycroft had Stanley usher the remaining guests toward the solarium. John and Sherlock were left alone in the dining room.
Sherlock gasped again before he curtly waved John off. “You’re verging a little on the hysterics, Watson,” he pointed to the vestibule’s exit, “let’s give our ‘ghost’ a moment before investigating the carriage house once more.”
John mouthed the word “estate”, mentally trying to connect the pieces. “An estate in the countryside…”
John scrunched up his face as he tried to look up at the window behind Sherlock but he couldn’t see Coney’s window at that angle.
“We need to leave!” Sherlock shouted once more as he tried to help John to his feet.
The unexpected encouragement changed Sherlock’s expression who smiled back before recovering quickly by pretending to read something in Carberry’s journal.
Mycroft fell out of the window, landing on a patch of green with a loud thud. He moaned in pain as he continued to call for Sherlock who was already back toward the front of the house.
“It took a good deal of the night, Carberry has a very sophisticated coded language system he used for some of his journal entries, but I figured out that Carberry was trying to stop Schuller from deploying his muscular stimulant on the unexpected.”
John let Sherlock into the hansom before sliding in. “Well done, Holmes. But it seems as if the heiress should keep better watch over her children.”
Lestrade nodded. “Yes, Holmes. Just like you said.”
Lestrade shook his head as he stood his ground against Sherlock. He stared back at him before sighing loudly.
“Okay, Sherly,” Mycroft sighed again after a moment of reflection before rising from the chair, “I’m going to get Mrs. Hudson.”
John turned toward the employee. “My god! What was that? Should you investigate?”
Mycroft took a moment, staring back at Sherlock before nodding with a curt laugh. “Sherlock,” he pointed to the bedroom, trying to appear calm, “you’re exhausted…maybe you should skip dinner and lie down—”
“Yes?” Detective Baynes responded as he continued to work.
John’s face contorted as he knew what Mycroft was referring to.
“Could you please send in Mr. Han bin Mecid?” Sherlock asked quietly.
John looked back over at Gladstone who was still sound asleep.
Sherlock swiftly deducted as he landed softly into the back corridor of the train.
“You’ll have to excuse my family, gentlemen. Our father used to tell us ghost stories and they’ve only gotten more colorful as we’ve grown older, much to my dear sister’s disliking.”
But before Sherlock could protest leaving the scene, a blood curdling scream pierced through the carriage house. Both men looked at the other before running out of the building to find that the scream was coming from the main house. They rushed back toward the house, running into one of the oval room to find Madame Loire had fainted in the middle of the space. Mary was holding her, waving a delicate fan near her face to give her some air.
was your fault, Sherlock. You are quite well known, and I’m sure Dr. Watson knew what he was getting into since the two of you paired up a couple years ago.”
“I’ll be down in a second.” Mr. McArthur then ran quickly up the grand stairs, “and can someone please take their luggage upstairs! What am I paying you all for?” He shouted as he ran through the second floor to his bedroom. Suddenly, one of Mr. Arthur’s butlers appeared out of nowhere to haul Sherlock and John’s bags up to their room.
Mycroft nodded with glee. “Right away!” He answered before scurrying away.
Sherlock nodded as he rose from his chair. “Well, we should get settled before going over.” He motioned for John to follow him.
“Dr. Schuller?” He managed in a polite tone, “may I enter?”
“Exactly, Watson,” Sherlock answered, “I think it’s safe to assume that our Henry is a dock worker who also owns a Colt Peterson.”
Sherlock was on his knees, hunched over a spot which he eyed with his magnifying glass. He was surrounded by John and one other person: an American heiress married to a British noble who lived out on the edge of London. John and the heiress were watching Sherlock scurry around in the garden behind a grand mansion.
John watched Sherlock look up from the journal, gauging his reaction. John glanced backward at the pot on the stove before facing Sherlock again.
“Nigel Standish?” Sherlock repeated; his astonishment quite evident.
Sherlock barely acknowledged the accusation as he motioned toward John. “Well, I was with the good doctor when we heard the commotion."
Sherlock motioned for Wiggins to stay near the door to the room as he walked over to the man. He searched around the body before collecting some samples. He then straightened up, observing the body to find a set of teeth marks.
“This is good, thank you.” Sherlock paid the driver before hopping out of the hansom with Wiggins in tow. They walked up to the gate, looking around for any signs of life.
John regained his senses as he managed to hold onto something outside the train as his body swung outside.
Sherlock shook his head as he gently took a hold of John’s forearms. “Watson, you need to trust me. Now, do you remember hearing or seeing anything while at the Yard or Westgate? Any detail is helpful.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m not su—”
Sherlock nodded as his body bobbed up and down along the bookcase until he found the book he was searching for. “I think obsession doesn’t even begin to describe it, my dear Watson.”
John tried to orient himself to what was happening, but Sherlock took a tight hold of his arm to drag him toward the opposite door leading out of the basement to the front entrance of the prison.
John scooted closer to Sherlock as they perused the book.
“This cemetery isn’t too far away from the chapel where we found the priest’s body…” Sherlock said mostly to himself as he pried opened the gate to let himself and Wiggins in.
After second or so, John leaned away from Sherlock again, looking down at him slightly with a kind expression before leaning in again to give him a kiss. Sherlock kissed John back for a moment before John broke away gently to sit down on the edge of the bed.
“My good man,” John heard Sherlock, “the director informed me that you are needed immediately.”
John stood up from the cot to pace some more.
The man next to Standish grumbled before disengaging himself. “That would be an overstatement saying you had any to begin with, Standish.” He said, his voice stern and his expression harsh.
Sherlock groaned loudly as he turned back to the vials on the desk. “Mycroft, if you care about me then you
John’s face twisted as he expressed his confusion. “Beg pardon, Holmes?”
Mr. McArthur laughed again, but before he could respond, one of the servants walked into the room.
“Mary!” The brother shouted, waving his free arm, “stop being ridiculous. It’s
“…oh, and the government could really use someone with your expertise, Sherly.” Mycroft handed Sherlock a plate before sitting down across from him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he pointed to Standish’s body. “Mycroft, as you can see, there has been a murder. Please have everyone wait in the solarium.” He then turned to address the group.
John rolled his eyes. “You mean the medical conference I didn’t get to attend because of the train explosion and ensuing fight with thugs masquerading as train employees? That medical conference?”
“—brings you so much torment.” Sherlock finished in a huff.
is above the law, Baynes.”
Sherlock paid the driver before descending the hansom. He motioned for John to follow him around the block until they reached the back of their house. Sherlock looked around himself before looking through one of the windows: they could see Mrs. Hudson speaking with a police officer in the kitchen.
can escape the law, even someone supposedly upstanding as Dr. Watson.” Detective Baynes responded as deliberately as possible, causing a chill to travel down Lestrade’s spine.
…well...that’s…all right with me…”
The train employee nodded before ushering John inside. But before either one could enter the car, they heard a shrill voice calling for some help down at the other end of the train.
time after dinner?”
“I know.” Sherlock nodded back before motioning to hush John once more.
William grumbled something about not getting enough sleep before leaving. Sherlock turned around to face John.
John rolled his eyes as he waved a hand to get Sherlock to get to the point of his long-winded explanation…
Sherlock pulled out his pocket watch.
“Oh, Sherlock, I saw the paper!” Mary responded through the hug, “I can’t believe what they’re saying about John! This can’t be true!”
“Just wait out in the hallway, please.” Moriarty commanded.
“I was assured in the beginning…” Detective Baynes started as he crossed his arms nonchalantly, “that this whole ordeal would go smoothly, but I guess this is what happens when you run against Sherlock Holmes and his faithful companion Dr. Watson.”
Mycroft scoffed as he posed thoughtfully, looking off in the distance. “Has it really been
As soon as John reached the group of men, he was accidently tripped by Fedorov who had stuck out a foot to get a better stance while holding Mamhud away from William. The force of the trip propelled John across the room to slide next to Sherlock. Sherlock tapped John on the shoulder a few times to ensure that he was okay before they jumped up to pull William and Mamhud apart who at this point in the scuffle, were wrestling with each other on the floor.
Sherlock nodded emphatically. “Indeed, Mr. Wiggins…” He motioned for Wiggins to follow him to his writing desk in the corner by the door.
Sherlock acknowledged John with a curt nod before using a giant wooden spoon to stir his mysterious concoction.
“Hello,” the guide greeted as Sherlock and John approached the desk, “how may I help you?”
John walked over to the desk. For the most part, the desk was nicely ordered save for a few papers scattered about. John peered down at the papers, but there was nothing substantial except for a few receipts.
The heiress gasped as Sherlock straightened up, holding a necklace full of precious pearls. The heiress gasped again as she accepted the necklace that was now soiled from the garden’s dirt.
Mary sniffled, still holding onto Sherlock’s arms. “You would know better than me,” she managed to smile through tears, “have you seen him?”
Wiggins nodded as he accepted the note from Sherlock. “Right away, Mr. ‘olmes!”
John ignored him as he continued. “We then went to Turner’s final resting place, Saint Paul’s, where, I might add, we would have gotten our man if you hadn't slowed the chase, Holmes.” As he spoke, John turned to stare indignantly at Sherlock who seemed unbothered by the provocation.
“No sign of forced entry,” Sherlock held up a hand to interrupt the heiress, “only a few tossed items and the missing pearls. Where is your youngest child, Madame?”
Lestrade knew Sherlock was behind the escape from Westgate. Lestrade cringed from another knock.
Moriarty nodded, but it was clear that Sherlock’s last comment on his work bothered him greatly. Thankfully, one of his research fellows appeared off to the side to indicate that he was almost out of time to finish his lecture. Moriarty returned a curt nod toward the fellow before facing the audience. Sherlock was still standing, appearing to wait for him to add something to the conversation.
companion solved the case yet?” He said through a sneer, looking mostly at John.
Saxon then adjusted his eyeglasses before taking a moment to walk over to one of the windows looking into the study to gaze outside. Sherlock rolled his eyes as he watched the scene unfold before him.
“…please tell me what you’re hiding. I know you’ve uncovered the crucial piece to this puzzle, but are being quiet about it on purpose for a grand reveal that will out show all the work done thus far. It’s never good to keep secrets, my dear Holmes.”
“Quick, Watson.” Sherlock took a firm hold of John’s arm who then picked up Gladstone before the three hid in a nook holding some mechanical equipment.
John groaned, wishing he could teleport to wherever Sherlock had ended up. “Just a minute.” He finally answered as he sat up in the bed, swinging his legs out from underneath the sheets as he looked for a robe.
Sherlock smiled weakly as he shook both the guards’ hands. “I wish I could say likewise.” Sherlock responded which managed to drain all the joy the guards expressed at meeting someone they admired.
Warden James beamed as he let on that he was becoming a little too excited that Sherlock was engaging him in conversation about his prison.
Detective Baynes eyed Sherlock before stepping back one step but he still had his handcuffs out. He took a moment before taking an official looking document from his pocket.
“Mr. Holmes, it’s a pleasure to meet you in person, but I’m afraid that I don’t allow visitors without a pass, which are difficult to acquire—”
Sherlock tossed the orchid to the side before using both hands to dig ravenously through the dirt.
about this ghost?”
“What happened?” Sherlock asked as both he and John walked into the room.
“…you see that we’re trying to work the best that we can with the conditions we’re given.” He smiled at Schuller before motioning for henchman cowering near the doorway to lead him back to the main area of the cellar.
Fedorov does.” This seemed to amuse him the most as he continued to guide John and Sherlock to a room.
Lestrade nodded before rummaging around in his desk again. “However, we need to keep this on the low. I’m already going behind Baynes by speaking with you about the case.” He found what he was looking for, scribbling on a pad before handing the note to Mycroft.
Madame Loire handed Sherlock a tiny plate with a slice of cake before wheeling the tea cart in front of John.
Sherlock laughed nervously as he came to a stop. He held an index finger against his lips to silence John. “Yes, I’ll admit it’s not my
Warden James nodded as the mechanism in the door clicked to indicate that the door was now open. “Yes, Mr. Holmes. There’s another entrance on the opposite side of the corridor but it’s been blocked off for security purposes. However, it usually unlocks in case of an emergency.”
“…or maybe a cemetery…” Sherlock concluded as he shut the book close before jumping up from his desk to grab his coat.
what he did and
Sherlock took out a tape measurer to measure the footprints as John stood by, annoyed by the whole adventure.
“And I trust you,” John smiled meekly at Sherlock, “you
“Holmes, this man is most likely dangerous. I don’t think it’s a good idea for us to pursue him especially since he took his revolver.”
Sherlock nodded as he turned to walk to the kitchen island where he stored some items for his experiment.
like an explosion. This may have alerted the police to our position. If this happens again,” Moriarty turned to directly face the group, “consequences will be set in place, understood?”
Willaim scoffed. “Look, I had nothing to do with this. Standish was a horrible person, but I wouldn’t kill him.”
most appreciated.” John responded harshly, leaning forward so that he could place his hands on his knees.
But before Sherlock could answer, Madame Loire swore in French loudly before letting out a shrill and then fainting to the floor.
Mycroft perked up at the comment. “Saliva?”
The guide turned around quickly once she heard Sherlock address her. “Yes, sir?”
John swallowed a lump in his throat as he tried to remain calm, all the while thinking of a plan to escape without harming the detective.
“And John Saxon.”
Sherlock motioned toward the back parlor. “Now, everyone, would you all please wait in the parlor while Dr. Watson and I investigate?”
“I’m serious, Mycroft. You can either go with me or stay here. But I’m getting Watson out of that prison.”
“I don’t see anything…” the train employee responded, looking around aimlessly.
Sherlock laughed. “He’s a personal friend of mine so he might not have said something.”
John stared at the knife before acknowledging his companion who by now had the wiliest expression on his face.
Everyone else around the table, except for Sherlock, John, and Mycroft, looked extremely uncomfortable. William coughed a few times before twirling the stem of his wine glass; Bridget shifted in her chair to look away from Standish; Mamhud glared in his direction; and Fedorov took a huge gulp out of his wine glass before burping loudly.
But as he struggled with this unruly woman, John finally realized as he looked directly up at her, that there was something odd about this woman. So odd that in fact John screamed as he realized that the woman was Sherlock in disguise.
Sherlock waved him off with a weary smile. “Lestrade kindly wrote a special pass.”
exterior.” Standish had leaned too much into Fedorov’s personal space.
“From these samples, it appears that whoever owned the animal may work at a dock, perhaps, or…” Sherlock then turned back to his book to flip through a few more pages until he stopped on one page.
“Monsieur McArthur!” A perturbed woman appeared at the other end of the hall passage close to the kitchen, “you’re dragging dirt throughout the house again!”
by Conrad Coney
The man evaded Lestrade before tossing his cap onto the chair next to the fire. Lestrade watched the man take off his heavy coat and he gasped as soon as he recognized his late evening caller.
“Holmes, what is this?”
Sherlock sighed. “Just follow me, Watson. I need you clear headed and focused.”
John scrunched up his face, even more confused, but before he could respond, the voice appeared again, even louder than before.
Everyone, except Sherlock and John followed Mr. McArthur out. John joined Sherlock in the middle of the space.
“We have the pass, Director,” Mycroft stepped forward, “everything is in order.”
Moriarty laughed heartily as he waved for a waiter to come serve their table. “My method of persuasion is…unique.”
Sherlock laughed to himself. “Absolutely nothing, dear. It’s a distraction, of course.” He tried turning around quickly, now hobbling back to the sofa to lie down again.
Mycroft sighed again as he crossed the room with the vial. “One of my informants has been tracking down this new drug that’s been circulating recently. Not entirely sure of its effects, but…”
“Watson, do you mind ensuring Mycroft isn’t too injured?”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock stepped forward, “you told me you would help me trace the vials.”
Mycroft nodded with a smile as he patted Sherlock on the shoulder before beckoning his brother to follow him down the hallway. They walked past a few armored plated doors until they found the director’s office. Mycroft opened the door for Sherlock, walking behind him as they approached the director’s secretary's desk.
“You don’t approve of the cemetery business, Miss McArthur?”
Sherlock handed her the scrap before turning to face everyone else. “Could you all please go to your rooms? Mycroft…” Sherlock looked down at his brother who was still reeling from his bump.
. Moriarty’s expression twisted into self-satisfaction as he approached the group of men.
William sighed. “Who hasn’t? He’s known for coddling corporations for his own benefit. My father had done business with him in the past, but I cut that off immediately after he died. However, in retaliation, Standish invested in some of my company’s competitors. My company suffered tremendously…”
“Watson.” Sherlock added firmly, yet gently.
Mycroft rolled his eyes before walking past John. “This isn’t a resort, Doctor.” He responded curtly before disappearing down the hallway.
John nodded, still confused as to why this employee seemed to be following him. “Ah, and what can I help you with?”
As soon as the hansom stopped, Sherlock quickly descended while Mycroft took his time following. He paid the driver before finally getting out, looking around the outside of the church with distain.
“…son?” Mr. McArthur turned toward James before sitting down, barely waiting for Sherlock and John to take available seats, “how is the office?”
Sherlock nodded with a slight bow which made the train employee frown. Sherlock then straightened up to watch the man spin around quickly to jog in the opposite direction.
Fedorov grinned. “I could see where the blood had pooled from when we found him.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying this entire time.” Mycroft groused as he followed Sherlock out of the window. They walked to the other side of the church before hailing another hansom.
Mycroft shook his head as he reached out to rub his brother’s knee. “I really don’t understand why you think
Lestrade took another moment to himself as he quickly figured out his next steps before walking away from the scene.
James shook his head. “No, let it be, Mary. Maybe we can convince him not to take the guests here.” And with that, he walked away from his sister as he headed to saloon to exit the house.
“Dr. Moriarty,” One of the house maids greeted Moriarty as soon as he emerged from the cellar, “your room is ready.”
get involved. Baynes has his evidence and his reasoning. But like I already said, I can’t discuss it any further with you because you’re close to the suspect.”
“What, Holmes? Please don’t tell me you believe the ghost story.”
Sherlock nodded at the guide with a genuine smile. “Do you receive many visitors?”
“Well, it looks like the gardener has been on
Moriarty nodded back. “Excellent.”
“Mr. Holmes, I don’t know what else I can tell you.” She tried.
John sighed as he followed behind. Sherlock, in a gruff-sounding voice, gave the driver an address that was about a block away from their house. Not long after they arrived, they could see that the police had blocked off the main street that led to their house.
“For god’s sake, Sherly.” He groaned as he walked through the unkept garden to hoist himself through the window, nearly toppling over again from the pain shooting through his elbow. As soon as he was inside, he could see Sherlock entering a chapel down the far end of the hallway.
John watched in horror before feeling someone grab him by the arm again.
“Let’s get some sleep.” John heard Sherlock whisper through the hug.
John gawked at the man. “
“Sherly!” Mycroft shouted as he tried to catch up with Sherlock who was already out the window and halfway toward the street.
Sherlock waved John off before turning onto his other side. “It’s too early to deal with whatever is ailing Mrs. Hudson.”
“I am
John sat up on one elbow. "
Detective Baynes waited for the officer to leave the office and the door to close before flipping the telegram over to read it.
“Now, Ms. Coventry,” he began, “pray tell us where you were before you found Standish.”
“They’re moving the doctor to Westgate tonight. Same section with Schuller.”
“The judge must have entered and left through a service entrance to the building to avoid detection,” Sherlock answered as he walked to the office window overlooking the street, “would make for another scandal if anyone saw the judge enter such an establishment…” Sherlock let his conclusion hang as he looked out the window.
The guide nodded. “I wasn’t on duty when it became official, but the museum hired another historian to replace the two.”
Mycroft groaned again. “Sherlock—”
Mary nodded before turning back to face Sherlock. “We saw it before you arrived, Mr. Holmes. It’s been here for quite some time…so I know that it’s not James…”
“How else would you go about doing it?” Mary interrupted.
John furrowed his brow. “Why in a hurry?”
John observed to himself, backing away from the opening as he felt himself becoming dizzy at the sight of the cliff. He wasn’t sure if it was the cliff, or his nerves, or the case but all of a sudden, John felt ill to his stomach.
“People have been convicted with much less, Lestrade. No one should
“Very.” Sherlock answered quickly.
“Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock and John ran into the dining room: there they found Standish on his back on the floor in a pool of blood and Bridget screaming in the corner. A pile of broken dishes was next to the body along with a fallen stand holding a bust of Heracles. John ran to Bridget to console her as Sherlock rushed to the body. He knelt on one knee, looking quickly around the body, checking vital signs. The rest of the guests including Mycroft appeared in the room.
Sherlock groaned as he let John gently push him down into the bed. John straddled Sherlock, leaning downward to kiss him. Sherlock paused as John kissed his neck, clearly annoyed that he had been called to bed so early with a case on the line.
Mycroft huffed as he pointed to the window Sherlock had clumsily broken mere minutes ago to get into Dr. Carberry’s study, before turning to point directly at Sherlock with another huff, indicating his brother’s increasingly disheveled appearance.
Detective Baynes remained unmoved, but Lestrade could tell that the detective was hiding something. What it was, he wasn’t entirely sure yet.
going on vacation with you again, Holmes.”
Schuller cringed before taking a moment to nod back at Moriarty.
“Baynes!” Lestrade called, rising from his desk to catch up with the detective who was already halfway down the hallway.
“You and Mr. Fedorov are having an affair, aren’t you?” Sherlock added.
Sherlock nodded as he rose from his chair. The three of them exited the room to find Bridget yelling at Stanley about how horrible the weekend had been thus far. As soon as she saw Clara, she ran toward her with a hug.
“I need to speak with you privately, Lestrade.” Lestrade looked back at his superior, knowing full well where the conversation was headed.
Sherlock motioned to John to keep watch as he picked the lock to the room. As soon as the lock clicked open, Sherlock slowly opened the door. The room contained a bed and desk, but clothes had been thrown about the place and a violin case lay off to the side near the bay windows.
“Sometime today, please.” Moriarty barked causing the man to jump slightly before finally opening the door, but only several inches.
“Mycroft, would you please stop,” Sherlock finally answered, “there’s something troubling about all of this besides the fact that the police have the wrong person in custody. Watson was only gone for a little over an hour and he was with me the rest of the night.”
Sherlock shrugged before hopping into the hansom. “No need to worry.”
“Maybe whomever or
John coughed a few times before sitting backward in his chair with his arms crossed, yet Sherlock only acknowledged him with a smile.
Madame Loire stared at Sherlock before shaking her head quickly. “No…we…haven’t spoken for some time…” She looked around the room, “please excuse me, Monsieur.”
Sherlock hugged his body up against one of the compartments as he watched the figure proceed to the next car. Sherlock looked around the space before finding a maintenance closet that had been left open. He slid inside the very tight space, leaving the door to the closest somewhat ajar so that he could survey the compartments.
Sherlock and John cautiously approached the structure. It was pitch black outside, but they could see lanterns in several of the windows on the ground floor. Sherlock held up a hand to halt John. He pressed a finger to his lips before motioning forward. John looked ahead and could see people moving around in the sawmill.
Mycroft sighed, but before he could contribute, Sherlock sat up somewhat to continue, “…the train incident from earlier this year…” Sherlock sighed again without elaborating further.
“Mr. McArthur?” Sherlock started, looking at the older Mr. McArthur, “could you please perform the ‘Lotus Encounter’?”
John was happy to hold Sherlock against his desk, feeling his body, smaller and delicate, trapped underneath him. His skin seemed too flawless to be true, but that was, perhaps, just the lust filling his head and altering his perception. He had been plenty at attention - for a while - and was eager to grind his hips into Sherlock's. God, it'd been years since he'd been with a man like this, and even then, it wasn't like this. Back then it was so fumbly, so awkward and desperate. He felt completely in control and also at Sherlock's any whim at once. He brought his hands down, ripping his shirt out of its tuck into his trousers. His left hand grabbed his belt buckle, and he reached over with his right to shove his bible off his desk and onto the floor. His eyes kept falling on it and giving him a pang of guilt.
"I've looked you up. A veteran. I hope I'm not being too crude, but what made you join priesthood? I don't think I've ever seen a man like you just giving up on life's earthly pleasures. Do you like being called 'father', father? Is that it?"
John took a deep breath and let his head fall back for a moment, his eyes fluttering to a close as he felt his last few threads of resistance break away, his mind overcome with sinful thoughts. His priesthood was the pride of his life and his purpose, but he could also see a lot of purpose in this man's lips alone. It felt as though he'd choreographed every movement to undo him, that he'd come here with the plan to seduce him, and yet, his intentions didn't seem malicious or calculated.
Sherlock’s hands reached the priest’s waistband, and he delicately pulled it off. He undid the buttons down by John’s groin, and gently pushed the robes over the man’s shoulders, letting them fall. The younger was silent and deliberate, his hands grabbing the bottom hem of John’s vest and pulling it over the man’s head. Only then, in full view of the priest’s chest, did Sherlock meet his lips again for a kiss. When he pulled back, he let his eyes follow his hands as he touched the man’s torso, his lips lightly kissing around the entry wound scar on his left shoulder. He pulled back again to look at John, pulling him closer to press their chests together.
"Will you ever stop cleansing and repenting if you see me again? Will you ever lead service again?”
"Technically, by the way. If we were married, and you were a woman, and if we'd have gotten married before I took my vows. Then, absolutely, it would be fine. Maybe not bent over this desk, but y'know, that's just details." He added.
"Certainly, father. I will most likely not care about what you're saying, but your face will definitely brighten up my day." He cleared his throat. "I'm Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes." He replied, even more interested in this man now that he knew he was a complete stranger to him. He'd become a moderate deal in London as a soloist for the Royal Ballet, then managed to stay in the limelight with his work alongside the Scotland Yard. It was refreshing to find someone that didn't know who he was. His fitted trousers weren't being too kind to his current state, so he uncomfortably adjusted them before getting up. His long coat helped achieve a bit of discretion, thankfully.
Standish stared at the man before bursting out into another fit of laughter. “Fedorov here, is such the jester. You wouldn’t know it from his rough,
Sherlock tried eight different excuses that following Saturday, but his father read through every last one of them.
Sherlock ended up staying until well past midnight. She was the only person he trusted to confide in, and she never disappointed with her advice.
"Mh, I could make a habit of watching you read out loud once a week. It's easier on the eyes than doss houses and the underside of bridges." The younger replied after a quiet scoff.
John squeezed his fingers, the contrasting textures of their skin giving him a little thrill, just happy to be touching him. It felt amazing to be wanted, physically, or just for company. It felt right.
John hummed against his lips, taking his time to explore him with his hand and his mouth. He was so warm, so inviting. A little incubus here to tempt him and he was suddenly, passionately ready to give in. He pulled away sharply after a couple more moments, and withdrew to walk to the office door.
One of the detective's hands delicately found one of John’s, and he intertwined their fingers. The brief deduction was right on the money. “Someone can keep up, apparently.” He tilted his head, and looked up to find John’s eyes. “And proudly so, thank you. Most people are pricks, I’m just more upfront about it.” He reached up, free hand grabbing the back of John’s neck and bringing him just a few inches closer.
John couldn't help a scoff escaping, but he cleared his throat and sat up a bit. Jeez, what a snippy kid.
The detective gasped as he was tugged forward, obliging.
He kissed the grinning woman on the cheek, and headed up to bed.
"My... I guessed right based on how you walk." He growled, taking the head of John's shaft between his lips and sucking on it while his hand slowly pumped up and down.
"I am fairly relaxed. I suppose I'm here because I'm invariably addicted to opioids, have been since I was a teenager. My family hates it, naturally. Not that you'd care to believe me, but it's been an asset in my life."
He swallowed, his stomach dropping as soon as the words left his lips. It was hard to hear himself say something so foreign. But he wanted it. And he wanted to ask. He believed himself to be an honest man.
John was fully expecting his last little fluster to be the end of their interaction. Apparently, he was wrong.
A silence.
Sherlock pocketed his scarf, and drew the curtain of his side of the confessional before stepping out. He stood in front of the door leading to the Father's chamber.
John breathed a shaky breath. Sherlock seemed so thoughtful, and so intentional with each movement. Nothing seemed impulsive with him; it led John to believe that lots of thoughts were bouncing around behind those cool, pretty eyes. He returned the kiss fervently, bringing his hands up to tangle in Sherlocks curls as he began to work open his buttons. Each kiss was still as exciting as the one before for him.
The detective gave himself into this man's desires, his strong hand guiding his own to where he'd been wanting to put it since this all began. He tilted his head down, grabbing John's chin with his free hand as he began to massage the man through his robes first; teasing him. He wanted to see every twitch his face made.
"It's growing on me, let me tell you. This dynamic. Far more exciting than I ever anticipated. One of the few times my calculations were wrong, and I'm rather pleased about it." He said softly, his voice growing huskier.
Another pause, and the abrassive silence around them wasted no time in enrobing them again, if only briefly.
"Oh, God... Oh, God, father..." He groaned, looking up at John for a second before pressing a soft, tender kiss on his lips.
John slid his hand down the slope of his back, smooth and pretty, and curled his fingers around the man's belt, giving it a tug; pulling him further against him. Anything to elicit one of those breathy noises out of him. On cue, Sherlock gasped. The priest's heart was completely racing, but his hands, typically constantly plagued by tremors, were for once, fully still. He could hear his pulse in his ears, and his face felt hot as the sun, but he spoke firmly, with intention.
John sat up and pulled Sherlock's shirt completely off, throwing it over his chair and putting his hand flat on his back, pressing the man's chest down against the desk firmly, not giving him any wriggle room. He wanted him to know he hadn't grown any weaker since the army. "You could call me John, you know. But I think you're getting a lot out of this whole 'father' thing."
John huffed a deep sigh of relief once he fell back into his chair. He didn't like lying to his colleagues, it felt very wrong. Then again, this whole situation was technically wrong. He couldn't tell him the truth - sorry, Brother Roth, this is the lad that sucked me off in the confessional las Sunday and now he's here for round two in the office!
"As for the nuns... We don't have many sisters here, but the other clergy takes notice when we change our routines. I have an office here, I could..." John bit his lower lip, glancing around, even if he knew they were alone. "We could set up some one-on-one spiritual counseling sessions. They don't usually pay attention to that, it's private. I think we both could gain from some guidance."
It was John's turn to flush again. He couldn't help but enjoy the effect he was having on the young man, it was a thrill he hadn't felt in years. This admittedly flirtatious exchange was activating a part of his mind that had grown old and dusty. It was engaging, exciting.
Sherlock walked home with an unforgiving blush on his cheeks. After getting to 221B and having a brief shower, he headed to 221A to share his little vignette with John Watson with Mrs. Hudson. The landlady almost didn't let him in, arguing it was too late to be receiving visitors. Sherlock had rolled his eyes and said it was barely past tea time, and that he had a wonderful and scandalous story he wanted to tell. With her interest peaked, the old woman let him in.
He delayed his response. He didn't have anything witty or snap-back to say. He stood up, slowly pacing around to stand behind Sherlock's chair. He draped his arms over the younger man's shoulders, and bent down, laying his cheek against the top of his head. It was warm. Smelled nice, he could tell he had a thorough shower - just like a bloke before a date, he thought wryly. Was this a date?
Sherlock was shaking, every exhale ended in a high-pitched moan. And yet, the fact that he wasn't allowed to finish made his whole body tingle. That was a real challenge.
Sherlock pocketed his hands and looked down at John. He wasn’t an empathetic man. Not naturally. And yet, he felt some of the priest’s remorse and inner conflict. With it, some guilt.
"Funny that you think I wouldn't want that result," he muttered, and let one of his hands slide back into his curls, waiting for him to come up for a breath before gently, but insistently pushing him all the way down on himself, just by his curls.
And at first, he felt he was correct. He desperately scanned the crowd for that curly mop of hair, that clever smirk, that sharp coat. It wasn't there. Damn it, it wasn't there. He felt a deep pang of disappointment, and then shook it off and continued on with his sermon.
"I live here, yes. Father Roth will be leading the next few services, since I'll have to cleanse myself." It sounded a bit rude, but it was true. He believed he needed some time in solitude to make peace with what had happened.
"I'll be sure to keep it in mind."
"I know many things in this church are done kneeling, father. I'd urge you to let me know if I can be of any assistance to you while on my knees." He could hear his heart beating in his ears, and his coat was suddenly too heavy. "Otherwise, I thank you for your time. This was good." He undid his scarf and sat back in his chair. God, he felt like a teenager.
"Am I a satisfying view, father?" He purred.
John paused for a second. Now that his mind was beginning to clear, he felt a lot more aware of his predicament. Still, he didn't pull away, reciprocating his kiss sweetly. He offered him the support he needed, holding his hips flush against his own. He wanted to see more of his body, but this wasn't the place.
"If anything, I think it could be a last resort. See if it finally helps him kick that disgusting habit of his. I don't think we'll see the day Sherlock Holmes bows to anything or anyone other than his own reflection staring back on the mirror, but I suppose nothing's impossible. Maybe confessing could give him some semblance of humility."
"Give me a week."
When he came back up for air again, he growled. "Oh, I'll contain myself, father. But you can cum whenever you want. No mess on your part, I'll swallow it all up. I trust you to care for me later."
He scowled. "No. I haven't ever paid much mind to my father. He is the dimmest one in the family, after all, so it's not like I'd trust his judgement for much. The poor man has fallen with an illness, early stages, but I suppose that's played into how much attention I pay to him. It's a one off, father. Don't get it wrong."
"Do you typically do things only motivated by the will of your father?"
John watched the tall figure of Sherlock Holmes walk down the aisle between the benches and out the front door. He let out a heavy sigh once the footsteps had faded, and dropped his head into his hands. That little slip of his had been immeasurably inappropriate. He couldn't even look at the figure of Christ on the cross hanging behind the altar as he walked past it to the living quarters.
John barely could hold on with how skilled Sherlock was, and how devoted to giving him pleasure he seemed. He held onto his curls with a tight grip and moved his hips in time with his mouth, his head tilted back against the seat.
Sherlock groaned at the text and left his phone on his nightstand, plopping face down onto his bed. Fuck London for being boring enough to not have any cases of significance on a weekend.
"I am. Thank you, Sherlock. You'll have fun, son, I promise."
One of his delicate hands trailed up to cup the back of John's neck, and he softly leaned in for the kiss. It was slow; deep, intentional. Hungry. He kissed harder. His other hand rested on the priest's chest, and he grabbed at the man's robes, anchoring himself.
"Just that little kiss could get me thrown out of the priesthood." He whispered, before closing his eyes and going in for another.
“I like romantic, somehow makes this less sinful. John...” He grinned a bit against the man’s lips, kissing down his jaw to his neck as his fingers delicately undid the buttons at the front of his uniform.
"Is the view satisfying, Mr. Holmes?" He asked in a low, daring whisper, feeling an incredible sense of power, having a man like that kneel at his feet.
John mirrored the gesture. "It's been a week. I fasted, repented, prayed, abstained from self-pleasure. You know, sans confessing to another priest, I've done everything necessary to cleanse myself and be sin-free again. I suppose you're here to muck that up, eh?"
"Father, forgive me," He gasped again, "Christ, that's good. Don't stop."
Sherlock felt his breath hitch the slightest bit at that. He gulped, pulling back and taking a quiet breath of air. His ears and neck were burning up. He was convinced he was a hard-to-please lover, being this flustered by a stranger was absolutely ridiculous.
The veteran's left hand grabbed his belt buckle, and he reached over with his right to shove his bible off his desk and onto the floor. His eyes kept falling on it and giving him a pang of guilt.
"If you pull my hair again, I'm going to cum, father. Careful now." He groaned. He went back to the task at hand, taking John fully into his mouth and picking up the pace again.
"Sherlock." John tested the name gently; it felt foreign in his mouth. Sherlock felt a rush of blood to his cock as he heard his name in that sweet voice.
Sherlock crossed his legs, leaning back on his chair as he looked at John. He could confidently say, at this point, that John was the most interesting person he’d ever met. He was terribly intrigued by him. And attracted to him, in plenty of ways. He took a deep breath, adjusting the sleeves of his fitted navy blue shirt above his elbows, and undoing just one more button at the front of it.
'John' felt the most intimate out of those names; Father the most sinful, and Captain the silliest. "Whatever you fancy. I am partial to my own name, but it is a bit... romantic, isn't it?" He chuckled, and in a fluid motion he grabbed onto Sherlock's writhing hips, and flipped him over to face him, and then hoisted him up to sit on the desk in front of them. He kept his hands on the mans waist, looking up into his eyes, delighting in how excitable he was.
To Sherlock, John said,
"Brother Roth, I see you've had the pleasure of meeting my newest apprentice. He's offered to help me with some of my book-keeping - you know I'm a lost cause there." He said gently, with a disarmingly charming smile, his eyes dashing over to meet with Sherlock's.
"That's impressive- your degrees, your job, your aspirations. You sound very bright to me, if that means anything to you." He chuckled. "I consider I'm an educated man myself- even so, we're all students under God- So, I can appreciate your background. Here's my theory. I think you don't like having to depend on anybody, or anything, including chemical stimulants or depressants. That's why you're here, because you are quite burdened by them. You just stuck around because of the handsome priest, eh? How'd I do?"
One's not really meant to make light in the confessional- it's a somber event, normally- but he found he couldn't help himself. He actually missed banter more than he realized, and this young man seemed to be a more than willing participant. He decided, for now, not to address his last comment.
Surely, such a young, handsome man would get bored. Right? Smart people get bored easily. John had a full week to get his head in order, and perhaps, he wouldn't be the one making the decision at all. The fickle nature of the detective's proclivities seemed to dictate him getting bored and forgetting about the priest as the most likely outcome. It wouldn't be pleasant if he did, John knew, but it would be easier. Then he could return to his simple, useful life.
"You said something about my desk, didn't you?"
Sherlock tugged at the collar of his shirt, smirking to himself. This had to be the most purely erotic thing he'd been a part of in years. And with a priest, no less. Mrs. Hudson would never believe him.
All he could think to do was to reach down and cup his face with his hands, staring straight down into bright, analytical eyes. His body pleaded with him to do otherwise.
"What? To church?"
The young detective got roped into a very complicated case the following morning, and forced to forget about Father Watson for the week. What Lestrade had been writing off as an increase in muggings turned out to be related to two homicides that had happened the month before. It wasn't until the weekend that they managed to get the suspect behind bars. And Sherlock got to take home a pulsating black eye and a busted lip from what Mycroft so eloquently referred to as "dreaded legwork."
John's other hand took the lithe, slender one on his chest and pushed it south, making his intentions about as clear as he could.
"Eager, father? That's good to know." He growled, pecking at the corners of John's mouth.
Sherlock followed obediently, walking into John’s office after he’d opened the door. The young detective stood by one of the chairs, and waited until John shut the door before he spoke up.
"Yes. What's the harm in it? Worst that could happen is that you hate it, and then I won't suggest it again. I believe you could benefit from listening to Father Watson's sermons, he does have a way with words. I reckon even a non-believer could take something away from them." Mr. Holmes nodded invitingly. "I'd love for you to come, and show you around my church. Would you do me that favour?" The man had recently been diagnosed with the early stages of an autoimmune disorder, and as fervently as Sherlock wanted to fight it, it influenced how much importance he gave to his father's words.
At his sudden absence, Sherlock felt like he’d been ripped out of the water. He was left rather short of breath on the chair, his eyes following the priest’s every move. John twisted the lock with a click while removing his caplet with his other hand, tossing it onto the floor instead of hanging it up with Sherlock's clothes. He figured it wasn't the only piece of clothing he was going to defame that night. He was left with his robe on, white collar flairing against the black, neatly pressed fabric - as a military man, he understood uniforms.
Sherlock's hands took their time exploring, sliding up under the man's shirt and around his body. His touch was adoring and delicate, but full of intent, like a good violinist's always was. He adjusted himself between the man's legs, moaning against him at the hands on his hair, and slowly took John whole. He hollowed out his cheeks, his tongue flat against the underside of his cock as he bobbed his head.
He was panting, shaking all over from his own unresolved erection. He couldn't remember being this hard in his entire life. He delicately pulled up the priest's clothes, gently buckling up his trousers, and fixing his robes over them before he carefully rose to his feet, holding his crotch in one hand. He leaned down, pressing a slow kiss on John's lips.
"You're mostly right, which you know." he muttered into the mess of curls, "I think you grew up right prim and posh, too smart for your own good. You didn't care about having an easy or spoiled life, you just wanted something to challenge you. You get bored easily, because you think nobody can keep up with you, so you live in the company of drugs when you can't take it anymore. You're a bit of a prick, though."
The detective uncrossed his legs, resting his hands on the arms of his chair. His eyes followed John's, and stared at the time-worn Bible across him for a bit. From his perspective, the book was upside-down. Crudely ironic, he thought to himself. “I think you’re an extraordinary man. I don’t know how much weight my judgement holds in your head, and I’m supposed to read people like open books. You’re a doctor, top of your class, troubled upbringing, dead mother, alcoholic father, most likely. Found some rectification in the army, while your sibling fell deeper into your father's ways. Then you came back wounded, I can tell you have impaired mobility in that left shoulder. Found purpose in the church. Not that you ever were overly orthodox to begin with, but this seemed a good place to give back and be needed. Then you met me.” He spoke slowly, deliberately. His deductions were normally spit-fire, but he felt like taking his time with this man. “I think you have a kind of intelligence that’s not very ubiquitous. And I can believe the church has become lacklustre to someone like you.” He looked up at John after scanning the desk one more time. “You’ve got me hooked, father. And in reply to that last comment, I call boring on the tradition of clerical continence.”
Sherlock grinned a bit into the kiss, pulling back enough to look the man in the eye at his comment. “Effortlessly, I might add.”
Sherlock sat back, putting a hand through his curls. He was tempted to just get up and leave. What was he doing? Even if the priest wasn't talking down to him, it'd been years since he felt this patronised.
Members of his church had knelt before him in several occasions- usually in a desperate act, pleading for forgiveness.
“No one will know, father. That’s my promise to you.” He undid the rest of the buttons on his shirt as he kissed John, while his other hand tugged lightly at the priest’s hair. He kissed deeper, parting his lips to let him in, guiding John’s hand through the marble expanse that was the skin on his trunk.
"Undress me."
“Fair enough. Likewise, I wouldn’t like to miss out on knowing you.” He whispered. He sighed, elegantly stepping out of the confessional.
"I think that's enough for today. I expect to see you at my next sermon. I think there's some more... spiritual guidance, you could benefit from. You already know my name since you managed to search me up. May I ask yours, or would you rather me continue to simply know you as 'my son'?"
Feigning repentance and enlightenment, the detective told his father he'd stay to confess. The older Holmes seemed ecstatic, and he gave his son a warm hug before leaving him be. Sherlock waited until the last of the faithful had left the confessional, into which he'd seen Father Watson walk. He cleared his throat, swiftly fixed his hair, and stepped into the opposite chamber to partake in the Sacrament of Reconciliation.
When the younger leaned into the panel, John's first urge was to pull back. He didn't; his urges were overridden with curiosity, and he leaned in closer as well, close enough to ring sinful alarm bells in his head and make the his white collar feel extra-tight around his neck. He automatically lowered his voice as he said,
John didn't hesitate, and just clasped his hands together in front of him with a smile. Internally, he was queueing up his interrogation about how he'd gotten so roughed up, but now was not the time. "Now, Brother Roth, you know lads these days. I assure you that Mr..." He hesitated heavily on giving Sherlocks real surname. On one hand, he knew that the Holmes family often attended their sermons without Sherlock present, but the Holmes' boys were well known around the town. But then again he knew Brother Roth was a worrywart, and likely to bring it to the elder Holmes' that his younger son was regularly visiting a clergyman, though perhaps that wouldnt be such a bad thing.
“Oh, father...”
Mr. Holmes offered his youngest son a kind smile as he sat back on his chair, rather stuffed after what had now become the mandatory family dinner the 15th of every month. Him and his wife never saw enough of their sons, not with how occupied they were with their respective careers. So, after a long discussion the previous year following Sherlock's third failed overdose attempt, the four of them decided to meet at least once a month, at their family home.
He was walking towards his office space (which only service leaders were granted) late into the evening, his bible and some paperwork tucked under his arm, when he heard the familar tone of brother Roth giving a scolding to someone. He knew that he had a bit of a temper and he liked to even him out sometimes; he could be overly harsh. As he walked up behind the two men, his heart dropped when he heard that voice - and then saw that silhouette. He had to think quickly; he placed a hand on brother Roth's shoulder from behind.
"You tell me." He whispered, reaching one of his hands down to undo the last few buttons of his coat. The strain in the crotch of his trousers was evident, and getting uncomfortable. He leaned into the priest's left hand, never breaking eye contact as he delicately tipped and tilted his face to leave the man's thumb on his bottom lip. He let his tongue graze the tip of it, then closed his lips to suck on it.
Sherlock was in the middle of sucking in a breath to squeeze in some snippy remark about the Bible now being on the floor, when he was pushed down onto the desk. A broken moan slipped from him, and his arms stretched to hold onto the opposite edge of the desk. He spread his legs and arched his back, pushing back against John with whatever amount of wiggle room he had left. “I’m - I’m certainly getting something from calling you father, father. You can call me Sherlock, then. Haven’t heard you yet.” He groaned. “I wonder what I can call you. Captain? General? Doctor? Father? John?”
"Are you going to keep talking, or are you going to show me that assistance you promised earlier?" He murmured, right up against his ear.
"Thank you for the tea, Hudders. And the talk. I'll keep you posted."
His hand quickly snaked under the man's robes eventually, and he found his belt. He had had his fair share of experience, so he effortlessly undid the man's trousers while his other hand carded through his hair, pressing their foreheads together. He couldn't explain it, but he felt like he'd known this man his entire life. He adjusted himself, diving under the fabric to kiss and nuzzle at the man's lower stomach. Both his hands on the waistband of his pants, he gently urged him to pick up his hips so he could bring his clothes down a bit. He let out a quiet, gasping moan at the feeling of it against his face.
"Oh, God," He moaned shakily, feeling himself reaching the edge, not able to resist anymore. He urged Sherlock's head down, this time with both hands in his hair, firmly buried in his wet, warm mouth as he released.
"Oh, love, don't look at me like that. You know I love going to church with you, I know you enjoy it thoroughly. But Sherlock? In a church? Listening?" Another bout of laughter. "Come on."
Sherlock listened carefully, his brows furrowed. God, he didn't have anything weighing on his heart. He wasn't feeling anguish. He just liked the occasional fag, and heroin helped heighten his already razor sharp senses. Did he have to apologise for that? He bit back the snarky retorts queuing up at his tongue before speaking. He took a deep breath, rubbing a side of his face. He'd been loosely raised Catholic himself, his father being the main believer in his family, but at this point in his life, he was agnostic at best.
At that, Mrs. Holmes let out a quiet giggle.
Sherlock gulped, letting a pitiful moan die in his mouth. His body was tingling all over. This man had an effect on him he didn't think he'd ever experienced. The sight of his head dropping made him quiver. He wanted to kiss that neck, bite at it.
"Can't really make a mess in here, can we? Contain yourself."
John nodded forgivingly at the apology.
As soon as he was pressed up against the wall of the confessional, the man's thigh between his own and up against his hard cock, Sherlock released. The pool of hot pleasure in his stomach burst and reached every last corner of his body, making his legs give out and his arms wrap around John's neck. He was left speechless, eyes closed tightly as he panted against the priest's neck. He held tightly onto John, letting one of his hands slide into his own pants to adjust his recently spent cock. He'd made a proper mess of himself.
"If I knew that, John, I would have the hair gems in my hand!" Sherlock gives John a look that clearly reads as 'you idiot!' John huffs but remains patient.
With him or with the dancing?” Greg quips.
effectively dismissing Bill from his presence.
Once again, Sherlock feels a warm, broad palm come to rest on his shoulder, ordinarily he would take exception to how everyone feels like they have the right to manhandle him, but Sherlock cannot deny the comfort he derives from it.  Lestrade has moved to stand beside him, his body angled so that he manages to both block out the interference from the rest of the hospital and provide much needed, if rarely acknowledged, support.  Lestrade stands silently by, helping to ground Sherlock as Mycroft continues.
"Later." Sherlock moves to stand between John's parted thighs, aware that it puts his burgeoning erection at John's eye level, before slowly sinking down on to his knees.  "I can think of other ways to use my excess energy,". Sherlock smirks and lowers his face until it is level with John's cock.
It seems somehow worse in the clear, un-muddled, light of day.
“When I was in recovery, did you hold my hand?”
“Yeah.  I’ll do the same once you’ve finished.”   John scratches at his stomach, grimacing slightly.  “This stuff gets itchy far too quickly.”  He stretches, glancing at the wardrobe.  “Might as well start getting ready for our night out.”
"Mycroft dealt with them.  Efficiently."  Sherlock's words were enough for John to know that Sherlock's jailers were dead.
She only saw Sherlock with me and I never left his side.”
John pulls Sherlock’s chair out for him and waits patiently for him to sit down, smiling at Sherlock’s raised eyebrow.  Only once Sherlock is comfortably seated does John sit down, his smile stretching in to a grin at Sherlock’s continued confusion.  John passes Sherlock a leather bound menu and for a while they both peruse their menus, the comfortable quiet punctuated from time to time as John points out dishes that might appeal.
"John, I feel in need of a shower." Sherlock rubs one large hand over his chin and cheeks, the stubble bristly and rough against his fingertips, the electric razor that he had used in the hospital not giving him the close shave he prefers. "And a shave."
“Yes, Watson, I’ll be home soon too.”  He pats the little bee on the head, garnering a short giggle from the toddler, before reluctantly moving away.
Sherlock allowed his eyes to close, held John more intimately in his arms and let the words of the song weave their way around him.
The dream has barely faded before John is plunged into the next dream, each sense on high alert.
A loud hammering at the cottage door pulls both men suddenly from their slumber. John feels as if he travels from sound asleep to wide awake in less than a second, not a feeling he appreciates. Cursing, he untangles himself from a now sulking Sherlock. As he stands, he hears a vindictive, 'Bloody Mycroft!' From Sherlock before he burrows himself back under the duvet.
girl deserves only the best.” John answers.
The rattle of a cup being placed down drew Mary's attention back to the present and a pensive John.  Patting the sofa next to her, she shuffled up a bit, allowing John to sit with her but not feel pressurised by her presence.  Taking one of his hands, she brought it up to her lips and gently caressed the back of it, lowering it slightly as she looked steadily at him. The story of his life was etched on his face; all the years of laughter, pain and sadness, clear to see for those who could read it.
“I’m going to give Rosie a quick call, see how she’s doing, before we head down for lunch.”  John says, opening his laptop, entering his password and accessing Zoom.  “Want to say hello?”
He kept watch outside and switched off the image of Mary that was being displayed on the house when it became obvious that other agencies would need to become involved.”
going to the party and you
Next, he goes to the staffroom and eats his obligatory food, splitting his time between pushing the food around his plate and glancing back over towards John’s room.
“Drink?” John asks, running his tongue over dry lips. Sherlock silently rebukes himself for not anticipating John’s needs. He reaches for the fresh jug of water, pouring a small amount out. With great reluctance he releases John’s hand, faltering briefly before moving to support John so that he can lean slightly up and take small sips of water from the glass. When John indicates he has had enough Sherlock carefully lowers him down so that his head rests once more upon the pillow.
“That’s right.”
Mm-hmm
In the quiet afterwards Sherlock simply sits and holds John’s hand, his thumb rubbing reassuring circles on John’s skin.  Sherlock is exhausted now, his eyes scratchy and his ears ringing in the quiet of the room; the only sounds are the quiet whirs and beeps of John’s machines and they lull Sherlock to the brink of sleep, his eyelids drooping.
"I'm sorry, Mrs Hudson but I think it's time I took Sherlock upstairs. As much as he hates to admit it, he is still healing and in need of some rest." John stands and makes to help Mrs Hudson with the tidying but is quickly shushed away by her. He is handed a Tupperware box full of even more goodies and only allowed to leave once he has promised that she can make them both a wholesome lunch when Sherlock wakes.
"Fuck, Sherlock, just........ Fuck." John knows he's never been considered a man of many words but even those few have escaped him now. He can feel the heat radiating from Sherlock, can feel the way his own blood is pounding in his veins, the way his arousal is growing and pulsing, he has never felt desire so intensely, so profoundly.
John had decided to dress her up too, not wishing for her to feel left out, even if she can’t understand why she is dressed up.
“I thought you'd like to know that Doctor Watson is out of surgery and recovering well.”  She turns to go but halts at the sound of Mycroft softly clearing his throat.
Sherlock sighs and his warm breath caresses John’s overheated skin causing John to tug lightly on Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock shifts slightly forward until his lips are mere millimetres away from John’s cock;
"Good afternoon Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson. I've been given the go ahead to remove the blood pressure cuff and the heart monitor from you." As the nurse chats away he efficiently removes the cuff and clip, tidying them away neatly before wheeling them into the hall. Sherlock stretches his arms out in relief, wincing when his morphine feed pulls at his hand again.
A sudden surge of arousal wrenches a gasp from John as he presses his body tight against Sherlock's.  Closing the final millimetres between them, John crushes his lips against Sherlock's, a moan catching in the back of his throat before he softens the kiss. He tilts his head, making the kiss deeper, their tongues entwining, dancing with each other.  His left hand drifts to the nape of Sherlock's neck, his fingers wrapping in the softly curling hair, his right now flat against the small of Sherlock's back as he claims him.
The touch of John's hand in his causes Sherlock's breath to hitch. He has spent so many hours wondering what it would feel like to have John's hand in his own, with no handcuffs or running to interfere with the experience and it is now clear that his thoughts have come nowhere near close to the truth. John's innate strength seems to flow into him and he is unable to suppress the contented sigh that the touch teases from him. John speaks his next words to their joined hands, his shoulders tense, apparently worried at the reception his words will have.
Early evening finds Sherlock dozing on the sofa and John dozing in his chair in front of the telly, the sound a distant mumble.  The sound of Mrs Hudson talking unusually loudly whilst walking up the stairs startles them both fully awake.
Sherlock snorts and raises his eyebrow, his thoughts obvious.
Shaking his head, John tries to clear it of the enticing images before looking back at his food, his appetites most definitely lying elsewhere but he knows that he needs to eat whilst he can. He takes a deep gulp of the Austrian beer that he ordered with his meal and returns to his rapidly cooling chips. He'd ordered a simple meal of some sort of herb chicken, chips and salad. He had tried to convince himself it's because he wanted something quick on his first night, but he has to admit, it's because he thought it would tempt Sherlock to eat too. From the way Sherlock nicked one of his chips it seems he was right. John is still dwelling over the image of Sherlock in a towel and the cheeky wink, when the man himself re-emerges from the en-suite. His hair is drier now but still loosely curling around his head, no product keeping it under control tonight. A pair of faded cotton pyjama bottoms sit low on his waist and one of the hotel's fluffy white bathrobes sits loosely on his shoulders, the belt undone and threatening to trail on the floor.
Navy-blue eyes meet Sherlock’s own silver-blue and the sincerity of the statement shines so bright in them that Sherlock has to look away from their intensity.
Needing no further prompting John moves towards Sherlock, reaching out to cup his cheek before leaning in for a kiss, allowing Sherlock to decide how involved he wants their kiss to be. Sherlock deepens the kiss, encouraging John’s tongue to meet his own, long fingers threading through John’s hair, gently holding him as they move with the kiss. Just as the kiss is cusping on too much for Sherlock, he gently breaks it;  John moves to nuzzle Sherlock’s neck, his breath coming in small puffs.  “Mmmm, that was a very nice goodnight kiss.”  John lightly kisses Sherlock’s neck, delighting in the tiny tremor it elicits.  “How do you want to do this?’
Sherlock smirked weakly, pecking John's lips as he grabbed his wrist to push his hand off. John let go, but as the younger began to pull away, the priest rose from his seat and grabbed him by the hips, pushing him back against the creaky wall of the confessional. Mess or not be damned. His robes felt heavy and his legs were a bit shaky, but he felt confident enough to push one of his thighs in between Sherlock's, pressing their bodies together and going for his neck with a few quick kisses.
“Even if it is only until you ultimately decide you love God better. Or how this whole thing makes you feel useful.” He took a deep breath, threading his hand up into John’s hair.
Sherlock gave a meek nod of his head after flashing John a quick smirk, and he moved to stand at Father Watson’s side. “I’m in dire need of guidance, Father Roth. And I’m good with book-keeping. I’m humbled to have found a patient spiritual guide like Father Watson.”
Sherlock sighed loudly. "Sod the lot of you. Dad, if you're truly asking, then I suppose I could do that for you. Consider it your birthday present this year. I know it's not going to work, and I'll hate every second of it, but if you're really that inclined..."
Members of his church - exclusively ladies, usually older - had come onto him before, and it was incredibly easy to gently let them down. He didn't want to do that with Sherlock. He wanted him to stay, he wanted to watch over him until his injuries healed, he wanted to fall asleep next to him and fuss over him. He obliged the man, closing the small gap between their lips, his free hand moving down the space between his shirt and the skin of his chest. He really did have the body of a dancer, and it was foreign and delightful to John. When he pulled away, he quietly gazed down at him for a few moments.
With that, John relaxed a bit, even chuckled a little. He didn't want to show any arousal, although his eyes followed Sherlock's body language like his life depended on it. So open, so inviting - literally, inviting him over there. "I like to think that I have more self control than I probably do. I think... that the priesthood was not as satisfying as I thought it was." He admitted, casting his gaze down to the desk, at his bible. "I thought I was fully fulfilled, and ready to spend the rest of my life here. But, I think it's just easy. That's why I like it. You know my past; I thought I was finished with excitement. But then..." He left his sentence hanging explicitly, knowing Sherlock was clever enough to fill in the blanks. He looked back up at him, watching him like a cat, his eyes sweeping down his fitted shirt, his shoulders, his neck...
"I... uhm. How is this done, exactly? What's the point of it? How is it going to make me feel better?"
Brother Roth was a few decades older than John, and certainly a lot slower in his response time. By when he had stopped stammering and was able to reply, the other priest was walking away with the younger man in tow. “And with you.” He called, then waving a hand and trudging back to his office.
Sherlock leaned closer to the small window in the panel obscured by a delicate wooden grid, not really hearing the priest's following words after he noticed his blush. "Very handsome, indeed. I also have seventeen year's experience as a classical dancer in my CV, father, make with that information what you will."
This wasn't the first time that John had encountered someone so nervous. Confession is typically a nerve-wracking experience, even for the most devout of faith who do it regularly. So, John knew exactly the words the shaken man on the other side of the grid would likely want to hear.
John nodded, pulling away from the divider as well. His face was boiling hot, and while he probably already had, he didn't want the young man to notice. He felt a pang of shame- to act so sinfully in the confessional, especially with a man... But it was tremendously exciting, and his life had a serious lack of that, so he decided he was willing to test those waters. He cleared his throat. "Right. Yes, I'll keep that in mind if I need any help with....praying." His voice ever so slightly cracked on the last word, and he cleared his throat again. He was extremely grateful to be wearing his robes at a time like this.
“That’s a good secret. Seems logical to me. One cannot expect to be inspired every single week.” Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock kissed softly at first, taking him in, memorising the feeling of John’s lips against his own. It sent shivers up his spine. He was still caught off guard by the effect this man had on him, always, invariably strong. He felt his strong hand reaching to touch his chest, and his nipples rose like bread, a small sound caught at the back of his throat.
"Every man has his own personal calling to the priesthood. It's not something we typically share with outsiders. Perhaps, to find that out, you may just have to join my flock." He finished with a warm smile, and he did mean it genuinely. This young man seemed bright, at least, if a bit rude, which a bit of learning and community may wring out of him. "Being called father simply comes with the territory. Does it bother you that I called you my son? We can use different terms if you like, but we were talking about your drug use. You seem to put a lot of importance on intellect, and yet choose to use substances that are detrimental to brain function. Maybe that's the real reason you're here."
"We're a bit past that, aren't we?" He chuckled nervously. "I'm not exactly being a picture of piety right now. Although there are levels to sinfulness..."
In turn, John was a bit flushed by that last comment, but wasn't easily perturbed by much. Plenty of sinners find ways to defend their habits because they're scared of giving them up. They need them, it gives them purpose, they can't let them go. It was nothing new. It was a bit different today- he didn't usually have such a handsome man sitting next to him- but he believed in his training as a priest. John knew he shouldn't notice the body of a church member, regardless, he acknowledged he was still a man, and God created men with certain urges.
