It happened out of instinct, the alpha in Sherlock breaking free. He bit down on John's neck, hard, tasting blood. John groaned above him, arms wrapping around Sherlock to pull him close as they tried to calm down.
He was still chuckling when Sherlock came back. Well, maybe there was hope after all. Society may be ready to accept what he and Sherlock had. There were many positives comments on his blog lately, maybe he should concentrate more on them than the few angry ones.
“John, not that I am complaining, really, but Leanna will very soon wake up and come to our room, and well…we are quite…too much…worked up…for a little girl right now.”
“Love, Sherlock, are you…are you sure? Really sure? I don’t need that you know… We can do…other things, we are not…obliged.”
Afterwards, they watched their Friday evening movie, Peter Pan, which the two Holmes enjoyed particularly because of the pirates.
John was cooking the thing with the peas like Sherlock always called it and very much liked even if he would never admit to enjoy eating something. But he never refused to eat it.
In the morning, after a night without sleep, Sherlock woke up Leanna and they had breakfast in silence. Before John's alarm clock went off, Sherlock got her dressed and brought her downstairs to Mrs. Hudson. Then, Sherlock fled to Barts again.
“Yes, go with Doctor Sweetie, Papa. Not hotel,” Leanna beamed, tapping her hand against Sherlock's cheek.
His heart, instinct and mind were being ripped apart, each feeling at war inside him and it was exhausting. And Sherlock was doing nothing to help… John was just a side kick, doing nothing to help to find Sarah himself… He would have to trust Sherlock to be cleverer than this madman and to not let himself get too excited by this… game… Trust that the coldness was just temporary…
“Of course. Cuddles make everything better. How about we order pizza and watch a movie and cuddle. The rest can wait.” John smiled at Leanna.
“Jawn!” He moaned, “You…I am not beautiful!” He tried to protest, “I am not soft like an omega, I am just tall, bony and…”
“Nope, you definitely come! Besides I didn’t think of pre-eclampsia with the pregnant women beta yesterday, you saved the day and I owe you a drink! Come on; don’t say otherwise, you know I can be insufferable if you don’t do what I want!”
Mycroft elegantly got to his feet, producing an envelope from the inner pocket of his suit jacket. “Happy birthday, Sherlock.”
Then he kissed John, as if this were the first time they had seen each other today. “Happy Birthday, love,” John whispered.
If you want us to contact you as soon as we start uploading part 3, please leave a comment for us here and we will send you a message.
The biscuits were honey flavoured, it was very sweet, maybe too much for his own taste, but he raved about how good it was.
“Sherlock.” His mother's voice disturbed the joy of the family reunion. Sherlock knew she wouldn't hug him, he didn't want her to. Sometimes he wondered how his father was able to live with her constantly. They had married at their families will, both being the only children of rich and influential alpha and omega couples. They had expected the same from her sons, refusing to allow Mycroft to marry Anna and forcing Sherlock to marry Janine. She was the alpha, reigning over her family with a strong fist.
Molly was half laughing and sobbing when she add, “You are lucky I was there, Sarah have strange taste about babies name, without me there would have been names like Hildegard on this list…”
“John, don’t be silly, I know we can be in dangerous situations and I can be…imprudent when on a case…”
And this was what they did. Leanna lay between them on the bed, fist curled around John's pyjama shirt, John's arm spread across her tiny body in a protective manner. They both were asleep and Sherlock couldn't stop watching them…
He cursed himself for wishing he could one day play with and win against someone like James Moriarty. Back then he had not thought there would be so much to lose. How could he have imagined John Watson. He may be brilliantly clever, but he lacked the imagination, the heart of a poet. He Had thought he lacked a heart. It would have been better if he did.
They had pancakes for breakfast and after the ever patient Molly got Matilda and Malo to put on clothes. John and Sherlock went over to their own flat for a while to get ready for the day and then their whole pack made a trip to the London zoo.
“Dr Watson,” Jim cooed, “fancy seeing you here. I'm afraid you can't stop this. If he stays alive, or I get harmed, Sebastian has the order to kill Sarah. You remember Sebastian, I suppose?”
Molly squeaked, seeming excited. “But... there’s traces of a name inside in felt-tip. Adults don’t write their names inside their shoes, so these belonged to a child.”
“You are not angry about me rearranging everything that is yours? I am not sure it would be the same for me…”
John's fist hit the wall, bruising his knuckles. “She would have a devastated father not being able to raise her, no matter how hard I'd try. I love her, but I'm not doing any of this alone. But if you want the objective view: If you kill yourself...
He was so concentrated on his task that he almost jumped when warm arms wrapped around him from behind.
“I must say, you almost tricked me with Berlin. Quite clever. My assistant has kept an eye on you for the last four weeks. She checked Dr Watson's background, a good choice of companion.”
Three years later, her book on breaking bonds was published and it played a huge part in the omega movement, as it told them a lot of information on how they could break free of their Alphas. Sherlock was proud to find his thesis in there. Irene had proven that the willingness of the Alpha to let go, as well as emotional and territorial separation had an influence on the pain the omega had to suffer during the removal on the bond mark.
“John have a kid?” Leanna looked surprised. They hadn't talked about the pregnancy with her yet, Sherlock wasn't sure how to bring up the topic. Well, now was as good as any moment. John seemed to think the same.
“Janus Cars.” Sherlock got the card out of his coat pocket and handed it to John. “They might know something about the man that bled all over their car.”
Sherlock took the little ampulla. The liquid inside was clear, but he knew of its deadliness. He opened the cap.
Intertwining the fingers of both of their hands above John's head, Sherlock pressed kisses on the doctor's forehead and nose. “We have been a couple for a little over a month and this is the first time we can just be together, the two of us. I love Leanna more than anything, but I want to be in bed with you for a day, get to know all of you. Your body.” To emphasize, Sherlock pressed his lips to John's neck, wandering deeper to his collarbone and chest.
“Cheekbones?,” asked Sherlock looking very perplexed. John deliberately refused to look at him and hurried to change the topic.
He heard John getting up, probably cleaning himself. Then John was talking, not to Sherlock but to Sarah. Sherlock pressed his ear to the door, listening, deduction after deduction about Sarah running through his mind, just because he couldn't think about John right now. He wanted John to tell him how he felt, not deduce it, because that was, in John's words, a bit not good.
And, as a proof on how desperate he was, he invited Mycroft for tea. Of course, he told his older brother he only wanted to know how the family was doing and he even listened when Mycroft told him. His parents concealed him going missing with quite a clever story. They told people that he was hiding from a powerful criminal, whose path he had crossed during a case and that he had taken his daughter with him to keep her safe.
“But I DO, Sherlock. I worry, when my reckless boyfriend gets himself into danger. Because my boyfriend does have a daughter to take care of! And this was the last time, Sherlock.”
“You are amazing, Sherlock. And I know this is chaos right now. I know you worry about Moriarty and your wife and Leanna and the baby all at the same time. We will get through this, you know that, right?”
“No! I want to stay close to you! You don’t have to stay all night, I know you don’t sleep much, but…just to share a bed, comfort, and… sex if you want…but that’s not why I am asking!”
Playing with Sherlock’s hair, he felt he needed to be sure his feelings came through to the detective. For a genius he could be so oblivious sometimes…
Molly called him when he had just landed in Dublin and was waiting for the local DI. He missed the call, but phoned her back when he was finally sitting in the back of the police car. He was thankful for it, the young police officer sent to pick him up was unbearably annoying and he only found his own behaviour mildly rude, when he cut him of by greeting his daughter's nanny.
“Sherlock! God! You surprise me! What are you doing here? I thought you were going back home?” John asked confused.
John was flabbergasted, he didn’t expect that. Maybe he was prejudiced too after all and while watching Karin go back to her job, he did feel a little better. Maybe, he wouldn’t become a complete outcast.
John kissed his boyfriend hello. He had been a little hesitant first to kiss Sherlock in front of Leanna but her father had not had such reservations. “She must get used to seeing us together John, we told her we were, she won’t understand otherwise!”
John didn’t think it was possible but a new depth of fear opened inside him. Moriarty. The mysterious detective Janine had hired to find them… The only person who had managed to stay hidden from Sherlock’s impressive talent to know and find everything…
Sherlock had to admit he hadn’t been to keen on Leanna working for the Met. Not because most of the people there were idiots, but because it was dangerous (He liked danger, but he wanted his little girl to be safe, thank you very much) and because it was still hard for omegas to achieve something in certain jobs. Now she had outdone herself and become a DI at only thirty-seven. And she loved her job.
“Oh, love… Yes, it’s quite beautiful, isn’t it.” John pulled Sherlock against him and put his head on the man’s shoulder and looked at the photo with him.
Firstly Sherlock had seemed to forget what size he wore. His shirts were unbelievably tight! He had asked him about it, but the git had just ignored his inquiry “I don’t know what you’re talking about John. Now, could you buy some milk, I finished the last bottle for an experiment.”
John was dead to the world, but Sherlock was still too high from the case to fall asleep just yet. He took time looking at John sleeping next to him, a hand on his stomach. This nonchalance was beautiful. A trustful John was beautiful.
John put once more his hands on the lovely face, but much more carefully, almost reverently, “Sherlock, you are the greatest man I have ever known, and I love you. I don’t need safe. I need you. All I ask is your promise that you will always try your hardest to come back to me, as I promise you the same.”
Members of the funeral home staff took the body away and Sherlock’s only reaction was to take a step back as they passed him. The room, busy with people trying to be quiet and respectful, was now empty and Sherlock could finally give in to the weakness in his knees. He fell to the floor, hands buried in his own hair as he wept.
“But if I had just… stayed to talk with you… It wouldn’t have happened. I am so sorry Sherlock. I am sorry I needed to flee to confront my own feelings. I am sorry I made you doubt, sorry I…”
Damn! How was he supposed to resist romantic Sherlock? John always felt a wave of desire when the detective made those declarations of love.
All of it was so frustrating! He wasn’t even close to having a new pack! Maybe he should see Ella again…
“Maybe.” John smirked and Sherlock suddenly couldn't wait a second more. Left arm on the headboard the grabbed the base of his cock and guided it to John's mouth, pressing the tip to soft lips that slowly opened to let him in. There it was again, the perfect heat of John Watson's oral cavity and it was his to do with as he pleased. Biting his lips, he fought back his inner alpha, who wanted to take, to fuck deep and relentlessly and it was difficult with John looking up at him with those blue eyes that said: take what you want.
Sherlock looked at John, who seemed a bit lost and then walked up to the victim's wife. There was something off about her, even as she cried and pleaded with Donavan to please find her husband.
Then, in the blink of an eye, she went back to cold and calculating. “Not that this matters now. This little game of yours is over and by the end of the week you will be back in Sussex. You know why? My private investigator, Moriarty, found about your little Alpha boyfriend."
“Not me, he tried to, but Harry had my back then. So no, not me, but I saw the bruises on his little sister and he was always mean when there wasn’t adults around. His name is Hamish and he is the reason why I hate my middle name. Hamish, a traditional family name… And stop worrying about me being angry when you are deducing. I know you don’t have a filter then, and frankly, it’s refreshing. It’s one of the things I like about you! When I tell you to be careful about what you say it’s when other people are concerned, they don’t know you the way I do. But I can help with that, you’ll see!”
Of course Sherlock had finished the bloody milk! It’s seemed everything Sherlock ever did was finishing the milk! In a very tight, very accentuating shirt… And where had he found this trouser? A very fine ass, did he really need to emphasize it like that…
Malo liked school, most of the time. He learned new things everyday and Matilda was there to smooth things with the other children.
Molly furrowed her brows. “They are in good nick. I'd say they were pretty new...” she whispered, clearly unsure of herself. Before Sherlock could react, John added his deduction.
Now, he will have to explain everything to Sherlock. He had already left his scarf to Sarah when he had left her after the doctor’s appointment, but Sherlock should be warned that Sarah would have his scent on her. Especially as he would see her at their Christmas party. He dreaded a little how the detective would respond; he knew he wouldn’t take that kind of news very well…
“So impatient.” Sherlock smirked and John got out of bed. He leaned down to give Leanna her good morning kiss.
“He… He… killed him… I couldn’t do… anything… He tried to save me… I am so sorry…” Sarah was now sobbing, loud and painful cries while she cling to him like he was her safeline.
“Nice to meet you! You have a beautiful dress!” Sarah greeted warmly, “And don’t listen to John, he just tries to hide the fact he is a little bit a dork himself!”
John’s cheeks were hurting from smiling so much. He was happy to spend some time with his detective, “Sounds perfect!”
John and Leanna had made a full on English breakfast and Sherlock ate a lot more than usually did, just to make them happy. After that, Leanna basically dragged him to the living room, where he opened presents.
John stood up and helped Sherlock into his coat. While John was in the loo, Sherlock paid and they left Angelo's in a hurry that had nothing to do with the rain.
“Oh.” Sherlock's eyes darkened at the implication and didn't wait for more incentive to kiss John passionately. “What... What do you... What do you want?” Sherlock managed to ask between fervent kisses.
John’s fury was lessening to give place at the horror of what almost happened, “Sherlock, I need you with me…” he whispered against Sherlock’s neck, scenting the man, feeling the blood pulsing in that delicious neck, where it belonged, warm and strong pulse. He had to taste too…
“Yes, love. Caring for you, wanting to protect you gave me the… incentive to free myself to find you. So you see. Sentiment. Not always on the losing side. Because I am feeling lots of things, but not losing. Definitely not losing. But you will have to make a choice, Sherlock. Do you want this for us?” John finished on a serious tone.
The man seemed to hear him in spite of the waterfall noise. He turned around and John felt struck down by the intensity in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I waited for 2 hours! My daughter can’t wait any longer, it’s scandalous to make her wait so long!” the man began to rant.
Sherlock had left. Again. The insufferable man had deigned to send him a text telling him he had left Leanna with Mrs Hudson and had gone to Barts… A new wave of anger rolled inside him. Oh, Sherlock wanted to play that game? Very well. He called Sarah and told her he would take all shifts possible at the A&E.
She had obviously failed, she thought she had Sherlock firmly in her hand but it didn’t seem like she would be able to take control of the situation as easily as she had first thought. She would have to think and plot something.
Sherlock had to move up and kiss him, as his finger moved deeper, stopping whenever John tensed. Stimulating John's cock seemed like a good distraction from the burn of preparation, but up here, face to face with his lover, Sherlock could read every emotion, every small tension and the kisses seemed to have a calming effect on John. So Sherlock stayed, moving his hips to create delicious friction.
Lifting his head, Sherlock pressed a kiss to the corner of John's mouth, as Leanna started, well, attempted to braid his hair. “I have no doubt that you will be a more than adequate father and I am sure Leanna agrees with me. The love you have for a child that is not yours, a child that you have known for six months, imagine how much you will love your own.”
“I love you,” he whispered against John's neck, carefully scissoring his fingers, moving them in and out, careful not yet to brush the prostate as to not overwhelm John.
“No need for so much emphasis, John. You are hardly a bastard, your parents were already married when they conceived you and your sister.”
“Git! I don’t have any energy left in me to have coherent speech right now! But I mean it. Sherlock, you’re my alpha, mine to love and it was…wonderful, you were wonderful.”
His heart throbbed again at the thought of that. He couldn't. There was no life without John, not anymore.
“Don't want to go back to hotel, Papa. Neighbour really loud.” Leanna lifted her head, looking at John instead of her father with her big, round eyes.
“Oh! Oh my god! Do you want to kill me?” John delicately massaged the tender area and tentatively inserted one finger. No resistance. It was warm, so warm and so tight nonetheless. John worried he would come just from that and moaned from the sheer enormity of what Sherlock was proposing.
But watching them make being away from Sherlock all the more harder. Maybe he should call back, ask Sherlock to come now finally and bond together as family, as pack… They were still risks… but hope and love were the best to help recovering…
Sherlock had just gone to the loo and walked back to their table when he stopped. There they were sitting, his whole family, laughing and telling stories and it almost looked a little cliche, like one of those christmas ads on the tely. They weren’t always peaceful. Matilda and John often budded heads and Malo had refused to speak with Sarah for a while when he was sixteen, but they loved each other deeply, even more so because some people still thought they were weird.
“Sherlock Holmes, you bastard,” she said, voice calm as her eyes wandered across the room, scanning every inch of his home, contaminating it, “so this is where you ended up.”
It was late at night when he came home. He had gone to the tailor and then to Barts and only texted John about Leanna. He wouldn't want her in the middle of their stupid fight in which his ego had gotten the best of him.
Jim watched the newspaper burn, turning into a pile of ash on the tarmac. Sherlock Holmes would burn differently. From the inside out, starting with his heart. Jim would be the first spark and he would watch until nothing was left of the Alpha and his little family.
“Sherlock! Look at me! Deduce, you great idiot!” John shouted with an hint of Captain Watson in his voice.
“Hum, well war stuff… I don’t really like talking about it” He paused a moment and finally continued “Is there something particular you want to know?”
Sherlock entered 221B three hours after he had left. A faint of Janine's lavender smell in the living room made him stop abruptly. He should have expected it, but it was a reminder that Janine had just walked into their home again, without any hesitation.
“I am taking a shower, you should take one next.” And John fled, letting Sarah wake up and collect her thoughts gradually.
“Doesn't make a difference, whether the bullet was aimed at me or not. It hit me, I survived and it led me to you and Leanna. Your brother promised me to do something about that Moran bastard though. He shouldn't be leader of the pack, not after what he has done.”
“And Leanna is flourishing here too; I can assure you she wasn’t so happy when living with her mother. She has made a lot of progress”
John nodded. “Yes, Dr Watson. But who will do all the work then? Someone will need to cook and clean and change the light bulb.”
Sherlock had reached the part of the book where the little bee met the little ant, when he heard Leanna's breaths had evened out and she was asleep, snoring lightly.
“Well… To be fair you should thank Leanna too… She was my accomplice in organising the whole day! And she was an expert at keeping you occupied when I needed to do some research alone.”
“Hello boys, hope we’re not interrupting anything. We had a great time at Mrs Turner’s. Here some biscuits we made. I have to go, have a nice evening!” And the landlady disappeared quickly into her own flat.
Sherlock cried some more, silently, as not to wake Leanna and in the morning he was grateful for Mrs Hudson, who had made breakfast for them.
“A relationship needs work from all parties involved in general. Biology won’t really help us here, so we will have to communicate. I'm not kidding here. And stop grimacing or I will kiss you!”
Sherlock started rolling his sleeve back down, even though it was ruined now, sliced and soaked in blood. He would need to change before Leanna came home. “The case was a five, maybe even a four. I have solved more difficult cases from my sofa. And I wore the coat, so there's no need to worry.”
Soon John was lavishing and properly eating him out. He was surprised by how much he loved it. He had first wanted to do it for Sherlock and bring him pleasure, but John was definitely enjoying it nearly as much as the man under him. The smell and the taste were very arousing and John would happily do it again and again…
Clara was a beautiful woman. Tall, dark long hair, magnetic blue eyes and she radiated happiness. She kept an arm around Harry’s waist whispering in her ear and Harry laughed. Dammed, seeing his sister laughing like that took him so many years before, when he was the one making her roar with laughter. Shit. He was definitely not crying!
“You don't take care of yourself. You don't eat, you sleep too little and now you let someone stab you. This is going to stop. You are not getting yourself into danger again. Ever. Because I can't lose you and Leanna can't lose you. Not to a five, or a nine. No. more. Cases. On. Your. Own.”
He got dressed in the bathroom and then made his own research on his phone. Nothing helpful came up for the car, except for the model and prize.
“You really enjoyed... the penetration. I thought you did it, because you thought I needed it or wanted it or something, but you… enjoyed it.”
It was all the encouragement John needed. He let his tongue progressively breach Sherlock’s hole, the muscles, weak from all the stimulation, surrendered to the invasion. In and out.
“Sorry. I'm sorry, Sherlock. I thought I was... ready, but I... it hurt and I... God, I'm sorry. I thought I was ready.”
She hugged the nurses goodbye. They had been a huge support during the hardest time in her life, but she had to admit she wouldn’t miss seeing them every day.
“No. I had those for more than five years and I go to my gynaecologist regularly. I mean, I meet so many Alphas in my job; I have to be able to rely on my medication.”
They spent most of their days in Baker Street, but there were a few moments Sherlock would always remember of their first months together. Moments he saved in a special place in his mind palace, he considered the happiest in his life so far.
But Sherlock didn’t elaborate about Janine; “She feels safe here. She wants to stay. John, and I think we should…just…stay here?” Sherlock finished, uncertain; John’s intense stare had derailed his line of thought.
There weren’t many other words after that. Their mouths much more interested in knowing each other intimately.
“Well, I'm a soldier. I take orders.” They giggled again and then John's grabbed handful of Sherlock's arse and they both moaned, as the movement brought their cocks together. Sherlock's knees went weak. This felt more intimate than days of coitus with Janine had ever ever had. The doctor braced his knees and they both started rocking their hips in a slow rhythm.
John took refuge in Sarah’s flat. Now that they knew there could never be anything else between them, Sarah had become a very good friend. John thought about that infamous date with a few weeks ago. God, it had been catastrophic. He had barely been able to follow Sarah’s conversation, looking at his phone every 5 minutes, wondering and worrying about Sherlock. Sarah hadn’t been fooled and quickly put an end to his masquerade. She told John she didn’t want to lose him as a friend and clearly, this couldn't go further. He was so grateful for her understanding and so sorry to be unable to care for her like she deserved to be.
“I thought it would be fitting. Botulinum toxin. It will be fast, faster than you deserve. Sarah will be free the moment of your last breath, your last heartbeat.”
But roughly one week ago, John had the strange impression he had come into an alternate dimension. And he didn’t know if his heart could take it much longer… It had all begun with his laptop being infested by strange sex ads and post. He had been careful about his porn research on the web but he apparently he had looked at websites he shouldn’t have because google seemed to think he was an alpha looking for tips to seduce someone. Ridiculous. But there had been lots of more alarming things…
“Yes, John. I have to, now. I don't have time for games or your emotions. I need to save Sarah and the twins and I don't mind hurting the feelings of some random woman if it gets me closer to solving the puzzle.”
She wrapped her tiny arms around his neck and he rocked back and forth in an attempt to calm them both.
Sherlock turned them around, sitting on his hips. Moments later, both their shirts were gone and as they shallowly moved their hips, Sherlock pressed kisses all over his face and neck as their fingers lay intertwined next to John's head.
“Ah, yes, sure.” Sherlock hurried to open the first four buttons and the nurse placed the baby against his chest.
“A very human trait. Everyone is programmed to reproduce and hand on the one DNA to the next generation.”
Janine had to admit, his plan was very twisted, but it would work, no chance to fail. Moriarty had studied John’s entourage and find the perfect scapegoat, an omega who was his friends and his boss! He would never ignore her. So, he had broken into Sarah's and replaced her heat suppressants with placebo. The omega would have a heat two weeks later; he just needed to make sure John Watson would be here when it would happen. John wouldn’t be able to resist. No alpha could. If one could, I would have been Sherlock. He was so obviously not attracted by a woman's body! But he had been there in their coupling when she had been in heat.
“Really?” The light in Harry’s eye was mischievous and John began to worry, “Sooo… you find…Sherlock…cute then?”
They meet in the middle of the living room, then their lips meet in a soft kiss. That was possible now, Sherlock realized. Kisses hello and kisses goodbye, kisses good morning and kisses good night. And kisses for no reason at all.
“I didn't know about that private detective and his... unusual ways. I'm sorry for that omega, but Janine was desperate and I supported her pursuit to get you back home.”
For a second Sherlock thought it might be Sarah. Maybe her phone was dead after all and she had made a spontaneous trip to her father's. Sherlock had never wished to be wrong so much in his life. But he knew deep down it was wishful thinking. He knew Sarah. She would never disappear without saying anything. In the few months he has gotten to know her she had presented herself as a well organised, caring and funny person and he liked her, acknowledged her courage to be a single omega mother. She would never leave, not so late in her pregnancy and not without telling her girlfriend. She would contact John if there was something wrong with the babies and she had to go to the hospital.
“People are idiots,” Leanna said with such conviction, it made Sherlock smile. “They are,” he agreed.
He had some cooking to do and the living room had to be tidied and…His thoughts were abruptly stopped by the sight of Sherlock wearing an apron and…cooking…and smiling! “Who are you and what have you done to Sherlock Holmes!” John yelped.
“And I you, John. I promise to double my effort to catch Moriarty. Mycroft will too. We have our families fighting for us, defending us. I am not one for optimism, but I know we will survive this. Maybe not unharmed, but alive.”
“Then Someone else must have done it. I am so sorry Sarah, so very sorry!” He couldn’t look at her. This was close to a rape, for her…and for him. They hadn’t chosen this, not given consent in any way.
“Hey! You’re not the only one embarrassed here! But she’s three, she doesn’t know what she saw exactly…right?”
So here he was in a shop full of sparkles and glitter to buy what he needed to make their flat the new branch of Santa‘s workshop. John kept Leanna’s hand but with all the things to see, he let her go for one minute to choose between two big stocking.
When the doctor turned around he smiled one of those smiles that signalled he would soon punch something.
Half an hour later John was back on his feet, cooking dinner. Mrs. Hudson came up and they ate together. His former life with Janine had lacked this kind of comfortable domesticity and simple fun. Life at Baker Street felt cosy and familiar, like they had been living here for years rather than the meager six short weeks it had been.
“John, it’s okay, we all deal with this the best we can. I am going to see Mrs Hudson, she offered me a room to sleep and stay close.”
“We still love you, Dad. Even if your not a genius.” Leanna reached into her purse and handed John a folded piece of paper. The doctor raised an eyebrow.
John felt his face warmed, “I can do that”, John quickly added, “I will give some of my old scarfs to Sarah.”
John hummed in agreement, a kiss pressed to Sherlock's wrist. Their silence was comfortable this time and Sherlock almost fell asleep, John's scent now pleasant and calming.
“Then I will tell you. I like you. You are my friend. And you and Leanna are welcome, more than welcome to stay here as long as you want. It’s your home too.”
John made him smile so easily, be it a horrible joke or the way he treated Leanna. The three of them visited museums together, went to the cinema and even to a pool once, dull activities that were made fascinating by the presence of one army doctor.
Sherlock could hear a door being closed. “I’m sorry about your dad, love. I couldn’t even be there for you... I’m sorry.“
Sarah and Molly were doing a great job, but were still grateful for the two (well, three) extra pairs of arms to rock the little ones to sleep or for John to take Malo to the doctor’s appointments. The chances Malo’s vocal cards could be restored were minimal, they just hadn’t developed due to the influence of the two unbonded Alpha’s. They all knew it, but somehow still held onto hope. Malo was still perfect, no questions asked.
“Not true.” Leanna turned away and began to nestle into her father’s arm. “Do we go back to the hotel?”
A red faced John Watson appeared from under the duvet, pressing kisses to the detective's face, while strong hands took over the rhythm of the clever mouth.
“Okay.” She got off his lap, back to her bed and started nibbling at her sandwich, obviously without really being hungry.
“She's downstairs, with Molly and Mrs. Hudson.” No one else could have heard the worry in Mycroft's voice, but Sherlock knew his older brother well enough. “Are you sure you are ready to see her? Your behaviour scared Mrs. Hudson and she has seen worse in her life. I would appreciate if you could not do that to my niece.”
She was glad to give them and Sherlock found the two of them hugging and giggling in John's chair more than once. It was his favourite sight and he wanted to paint all the walls in his mind palace with it, so that his two favourite people were everywhere, connected to all the knowledge saved and stored. When Sherlock came home from Barts one evening, he found them sleeping on the sofa, Leanna's fingers curled around the fabric of John's shirt, mouth hanging slightly open and hair a mess.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “People are curious and they think what Moriarty has done to Sarah is interesting, exciting news.”
“Leanna? Because you think I will let you have her? She is the Holmes’s heir, she will never be yours!” Suddenly, Janine paused and calmly continued, “Okay, you win. You can have Sherlock, for what I care! But give me the girl, you won’t have to bother with her, she will have everything in the Holmes manor, never lack anything she wants. I'm her mother after all. She should stay with me. And you can do whatever you want with my husband, I won’t interfere. Deal?”
Sherlock threw a sofa cushion against the wall in frustration, because all he could think about now was that child growing inside of Sarah instead of his sexy boyfriend sleeping just two rooms away. He got to his feet. They would worry about this enough once John called Sarah back and Sherlock wanted at least a cuddle before that.
“There isn't. Leanna already has an alpha. I pulled a few strings.” Sherlock watched his brother make a step back. “If you are going to hug me, I will take them back. Just sign them, Dr Watson.”
John would have to say his thanks to Mycroft… It was the elder Holmes who had informed John of Sherlock’s birthday… Sherlock, the git, hadn’t said a word about it!
“Leanna! You know you must not wander alone!” Sherlock scolded. He was probably already imagining all the scenario that could have happened, and the way it could have ended very badly.
Sarah was more than happy to finally leave the hospital after so many weeks of always being unsure, of being in worried for her children. The twins were over a week old and Malo was now healthy enough to come home. She was looking forward to her old flat, they would need some time to get the new one in Baker Street ready.
“I am sorry” Leanna contrite face was as lethal as big eye’s kitten. Sherlock and John quickly cuddle her and after repeating her the rules, let her play with all the new purchases.
“From what Molly just told me and what I know from Sarah’s schedule at work, she disappeared while she was still working, if she died we would know already. Sarah is an intelligent woman, she wouldn’t have put herself in danger or go somewhere alone. If she went unnoticed, she must have been in a good health. People are extremely aware of a pregnant omega. It’s biology. No, I am sure she is alive. But John…”
“…Of course I will stay. As long as you don’t bond with Sarah. I won’t be your…mistress. I am a selfish man, John, I want you all to myself.”
He estimated the weight of the package at around 140 grams. He put it on the front steps, careful not to tilt it. He covered his mouth and nose as he opened it to prevent breathing in possible toxic substances. There were none.
“Sherlock? Where are you? Are you okay?” Worry had returned with a vengeance and John ran to the bedroom, hoping to find the detective.
The woman looks at him in utter shock. “Sorry, but my husband has been depressed for months. Who are you? I've heard your name before somewhere.”
“What do you mean, not a good caregiver?” John had felt his anger growing quickly when he thought about all the meanings not a good caregiver could have…neglect… abuse, … he was becoming very, very angry. Who dared threaten this little girl!
Clara was really charming, she made John feel like he had known her for a long time even though this was the first time they had met her. She had a PhD in advanced biochemistry and had written an article about
John and Molly looked at each other. The Alpha turned the shoe in his hand. “that’s it, how did we do?”, John asked.
“Sherlock! Love… I love you! John felt his partner rhythm increased again and becoming more and more erratic. He had his face buried in John’s neck until he finally groaned and stilled against him. When John felt Sherlock’s orgasm, he was coming too, falling freely as he knew Sherlock would be there to help him land...
The old man carefully sat down at her side, intentionally distributing omega pheromones so she would calm down. “I live here. I heard the sounds you made every morning. Clever girl, using the change of guards. Here, let me…”
“…Fine, considering… John, do you know what happened? I am, I am taking my pills, John, I swear to you! I wouldn’t have done that to you… and to me! I am not that desperate!”
It was, from Sherlock, a very concrete love declaration. And John felt more in love than ever. He wanted to yell it to the world. Sherlock Holmes loved him, boring John, despite all the complications and difficulties of their second gender, and his heart was overflowing from warm and fuzzy feelings.
“Yes.” John blurted, “That…hmm, that would be… good” God, he wasn’t more eloquent than Sherlock when overwhelmed by his feelings.
“Yes! They have all different voices” Uncle My was not always very bright but she would make sure he understood how to do it right.
Deducing John was easier than dealing with his own feelings right now. Sherlock trusted his brain more than he trusted his heart, generally and especially now. The need to hug John was overwhelming.
Sherlock screamed. He screamed and screamed, until he was finally alone, throat sore and fist clenched into the sofa cushions.
The genius had the annoying habit of talking to him when he wasn’t there, carrying on conversations without his input. It was unnerving… and a little endearing too, he had to admit. John liked to think it meant he was important to the detective.
“Harry?” John released her quickly. “Are you okay? Forget that, why the fuck would you follow me like that? I could have seriously hurt you!”
“Just… John… You associate your alpha persona with topping… You feel it’s who you are and I have no problem with that. At all. I promise. And I know you don’t think less of me because I like feeling you inside me, but… I think…subconsciously… you feel like you need to reaffirm your position as an alpha by asking me to submit to you outside of the bedroom…”
Realisation came with a wave of arousal. John wanted him to fuck him. Of course, Sherlock had thought about it before, especially after their fight, but he would have never thought John would want to do that.
“John…” Oh, how John loved to hear his name from Sherlock’s mouth. He had a particular way of saying it, felt like his boring and common name became extraordinary and unique when Sherlock said it.
He avoided Roger and his day went as smoothly as could be expected. Essentially he saw sprains, a little allergic reaction and one broken arm. Nothing extraordinary but a better day than he thought it would be.
The old man pointed his gun and shot. The bullet pierced the doorframe and, after a brief moment of surprise, the alpha laughed. He produced a gun from his jacket pocket and pointed it at the old man.
The detective closed his eyes, looking at the shoes in his mind palace. He has every detail saved there.
Janine never told him he was forbidden to spent time with her, but she made clear that she was the omega and with that responsible for Leanna. She started excluding him from their daughter’s life and by the time the little one was three months old, Sherlock only ever saw her with his parents around or in the rare moments when Janine was in their flat at the same time as he was.
“Hmm. I'll never need a blanket again now that I have you,” John mumbled. Sherlock loved his sleepy voice, the ruffled hair and he lifted his head to get the first kiss of the day, all morning breath and uncoordinated limbs. They kissed for a while and Sherlock enjoyed the tenderness of it.
“We’ve been trying to get him to sleep for almost an hour. All he needs is Leanna’s magic voice, apparently.” John whispered, his face so soft with the love for his children, Sherlock just had to lean down for a real kiss this time. John, of course, was happy to give it. “Maybe she should try to sing you to sleep someday, too, when you try to keep me awake because of some experiment you can’t stop thinking about,” the doctor suggests.
“Oh, I am not. Sorry that is. I was quite enjoying your…attention…But it’s the morning now and Leanna will soon want to open her gifts.”
Sherlock let the erection slide from his mouth slowly, pressing another kiss to the glans. He moved up John's body, moving his hands on John's cock as he rutted against the doctor's belly and hips. The friction was enough.
Leanna had fallen asleep, head on Sherlock’s lap. They had waited in the hospital for hours, reading books and playing games as Sarah’s labour progressed. They had seen John for a moment, but he soon went back to the delivery room. Sherlock was more nervous than he had been ever since the day Leanna had been born. This was taking way too long. On the other hand, no news were good news. So many things could still go wrong. Sarah was still three weeks from her due date and with the difficulties in the pregnancy. Sherlock didn’t even want to think of what could happen, on the other hand he was Sherlock Holmes and he did little else than thinking.
He had lost it in Sherlock’s presence earlier, but it hadn’t seemed like it had impacted Sherlock much… He couldn’t help doubting… Was Sherlock really able to divorce himself from all feelings? Wasn’t it that easy? Wasn’t he too eager trying to solve those mysteries, clever schemes that challenges his brain?
“I'm sleepwalking,” Sherlock whispered and John's chuckle vibrated through him. Strong hands wandered down the detective’s chest and belly, parting the fabric of the robe, the only thing Sherlock had dressed in before sitting down to work.
“I’m here Sarah. I’m so glad we found you!” He said taking her in his arms, trying to reassure and ground her.
The second time Sherlock woke up, it was to Leanna jumping on the bed singing happy birthday. She just let herself fall onto him when she realized he was awake. John was standing in the doorway, a tray in hand. Sherlock could smell eggs and bacon and something burned.
“Oh, my…Sherlock…” Thank god he could sit down because his knees were weak from the onslaught of emotions that were at war inside him. Surprise, excitation, love, so much love, and lust, scorching and intense in his lower abdomen.
John hurried back in his living room, and began pacing. Make Janine talk, couldn’t be too hard… Soon, he heard the front door closed violently and the noise of steps light but firm came up the stairs
John caught her, throwing her into the air as she giggled, but Sherlock sensed that something was wrong. John's shoulders were slightly hunched and he was unusually pale.
“Don’t touch me Siger. You’re too soft. Sherlock daughter is our heir; she can’t stay away from us and the education we can provide too long. And Sherlock is the alpha, the image of our family. If his little… affair with that alpha was to become known, it will ruin us all. I won’t allow it!”
Sherlock lifted his head to look at John, which was uncomfortable but he needed to see, see John. His doctor looked up at him, eyes bright and Sherlock came at the sight of him. In the distance he could hear John whisper his name against his belly as waves of pleasure crashed down on him.
Sherlock could see the joy in Leanna's eyes, when she talked to John or their landlady. She smiled a lot more, confirming to her father that he had made the right decision by leaving Janine and the manor behind. Sure, Leanna was still a quiet, almost shy child and John probably didn't really notice the changes in her, but Sherlock did and it made him happy.
The detective bit his other hands to keep himself from making any noise and closed his eyes, as if there was too much input for him to process and he had to choose. John took pity and released the lovely hand. He wanted to hear everything, not embarrassed Sherlock. And Leanna shouldn’t be an unconscious witness of their new found intimacy. A bit not good that…
“Maybe we should ask our better halves,” Sarah sighed after John once more vetoed out another name. John just couldn’t imagine his daughter being named Mildred. He had known a very mean Mildred when he had been a child. No way it was a good omen for his little angel!
It stung… he couldn’t stop himself feeling betrayed… again. John fled to his office and he felt too much like a coward retreat to his soldier’s spirit. He was just relieved Sarah had decided to not go back to work after the article. She didn’t want to risk exposing herself to a potentially very stressful and hostile environment.
Sherlock slid out of him, unable to move as thousands of thoughts made his brain overload. John got off the bed and onto his feet, cock flaccid and eyes wide.
John shook his head. “No. I’m not gonna stand here so you can humiliate me while I try and disseminate ...”
“I read your texts…Those you sent to me while I was…away… Sherlock, I am so sorry for what I make you go thought… Will you really be able to forgive me?” John’s voice was wavering at the end, he felt so weak.
“I hear you Karen, but Sarah and I have no intention of marrying. We are not in love with each other but I care for her. I am not abandoning anyone.” John answered with a cold anger and went to Sherlock in Sarah’s office.
“John, don’t take more time, and just, just tell me what you think exactly. I am okay, now. Just tell me.”
The detective chuckled. “I’m afraid that’s impossible. She is a little on the early side. A lot of babies are, but she is healthy. Do you remember how we talked about how Sarah will breastfeed her? An Omega’s milk has everything she needs and she will grow out here, with us.”
“I love you too Sherlock. We will deal with whatever happens together. I won’t let anything make you doubt again.”
He needed to unwind, let go of his frustration at the world and stop making his family, his loved one pay for his insecurities… Maybe he should try to surrender more to Sherlock. Let go.
“It's... beautiful, thank you.” Rubbing his nose against John's neck as they sat on the floor, Sherlock took in his scent.
There had been so disapproving sound behind them but John’s murderous glare had made them flee quickly. John had discreetly smelled Sherlock after to make sure the beta disguise was still working.
He tried seductive poses in front of the bathroom mirror. He tried walking with swaying hips, because when he asked her, Mrs. Hudson told him his arse was his most appealing body part. He went to buy new clothes that would accentuate his chest, hips and arse.
“Stop. Sherlock. Stop.” Panic filled John's voice and Sherlock stopped moving instantly, holding still.
“It’s… It’s the Peter Harrison Planetarium! How… Why…” John would never have guessed that of all the places Sherlock would choose, he would take him to the stars.
“Sherlock… Am I really too…commanding with you? Do you feel I don’t respect you in your alpha persona?”
Yesterday, John had asked Sherlock about going to the appointment with them, but it was something Sherlock felt the two of them had to do by themselves. They were the biological parents and three people were one too many in a gynaecologist’s office. Maybe later, Leanna could go with them.
Sherlock emerged from his mind palace with a sharp breath. He was lying on the sofa, Leanna helping Mrs. Hudson baking in their landlady's kitchen. Well, not anymore.
“You look good,” he began, …come on John, you can do better than that, “You have a new haircut, I like it”.
“Nothing. I am serious John, I am just telling you because, well, you’re technically the father. But I don’t want you to do anything.”
“Oh.” The omega opened her mouth, as if she wanted to add something but seemed to change her mind and just kept silent.
Jim kicked the closest rubbish bin. “Listen, little shit. I got you out of Afghanistan before Mycroft Holmes could get to you. I will call you sweetheart whenever I want.”
“Hmm, okay, you win. First, I am still working in the A&E, second I may have the emergency doctor post, and finally, I have…flatmates, I suppose…” He knew he was smiling like a lunatic but he didn’t care.
“I already am in bed, Papa.” Leanna sounded like she wanted to put a “stupid” in front of the word Papa and he smiled at that, as his driver cursed at another car.
John felt himself, as he progressed to Sherlock, turning from loving to more predatory. All this alabaster skin, not quite visible yet, hidden under the duvet. The detective must have fallen asleep while waiting for his return because he had adorable bed-head and the pillow had left some wrinkles on his beautiful face.
John  paused. He was impressed by Molly capacity to care. If it were him, if Sherlock had been the one kidnapped, he would be out of his mind with worry and don’t give a fuck about how other people in his life cope with it.
We are uploading the first chapters of the second part of this story tomorrow, wednesday 19 july. We will then upload new chapters every saturdays and wednesdays like we did for the first part.
“… How…How can such conceited and old fashion view still exist in our world! It’s the 21st century, for heaven’s sake! How could they do this to Sherlock, you and me! I want to strangle them, kill them slowly and painfully!”
Gently, Sherlock lifted her into his arms. He kissed her hair as she grunted in her sleep and brought her upstairs to her room. Returning downstairs, he changed into his pyjamas and robe and arranged himself on the sofa, head on John's chest, legs entangled with his flatmate's.
“She meant the whore that has perverted a good alpha from one of the oldest and most respected noble families we have in England!” Roger sneered, an ugly satisfied smile on his face.
Sarah put her hand on his shoulder, “John, stop being a baby. Go at home. Ask Sherlock. Whatever he says, he won’t be cruel with you. It’s obvious he cares about you.”
Leanna wasn't hungry and Sherlock had to cut her toast into triangles so she would eat them. He had made her favourite fruit tea, lemon grass and strawberry and she had insisted on drinking it out of John's favourite mug, which was way too big for her. She somehow managed.
Tears threatened to fill her eyes, but she forced them back. No sign of distress. She had to stay strong for her children, for those innocent, small human beings growing inside of her that she loved with all her heart.
Sherlock kissed her hair and his heart felt like it could burst with pain at any moment. “I don't want you to go, my love. I love you and I promised we would never be apart again. I mean that, Leanna, I do. But we need to help Sarah and the babies.”
Sherlock read him with one look and purposefully took his hand. They left standing proudly, Roger still nursing his bloody nose on the floor… well until Sherlock looked back and stuck his tongue out in a last jab.
Sherlock pressed his mouth on John's in a clumsy kiss. Warm, dry lips tasting of black tea and gunpowder and John. The detective’s eyes fell shut, hands cramped into the fabric of his own robe, neck awkwardly bend.
The patient was still sleeping when they entered the room. Sherlock went on deducing what happened to him. “I am sure he was wounded by the kidnapper, but would Moriarty act himself? He never involves himself directly…”
Dull. This evening in the pub was becoming very dull… One more thing he didn’t recognise about himself, he used to love going to pub with his friends, pack… Why did he… Ah, yes, well he didn’t have a pack anymore, did he? And these people were nice mostly but not HIS and worse, he didn’t want them to be. His unit had sent him some news but it was different, he wasn’t their alpha anymore, it was Sebastian job now. And it hurt too much so he preferred not to seek communication with them.
Sherlock was terrifying in his calm fury. John found himself in awe of this incredible man who had been able to control his temper and protect him.
Jim was giving something to Sherlock, Why was Sherlock taking it! It was obvious this… pill? was dangerous. What dangerous game his mate was playing? He had to…
As their guests continued celebrating, Sherlock and Janine shared her first heat and the alpha in Sherlock took over, bonding her to himself.
Sherlock picked up the envelope and little paper snippets fell out and onto his laps and the floor in front of him. He turned three or for around to look at what John had written.
John came over to them, still angry and anxious and ready to defend the omega carrying his children at any time.
Harry was chewing her lips. A habit she had since a toddler. She had been cruel. But he hadn’t been perfect either, and he missed his big sister, terribly. He didn’t hesitate.
And he was angry. He felt boiling from anger and rage. About the article that threatened their way of life, anger at all those know-it-alls that felt they could judge him and fierce hatred for those raptors that called themselves journalists and remaining  waiting at the entrance.
“No problem, you’re here, it’s fine.” While his sister was ordering a coffee, John noted there weren’t any physical signs of alcoholism, no jaundice, no tremor and she was positively glowing with happiness.
“Do you want to come with me? You can have my bed for tonight; I’ll sleep on the sofa. And we could talk tomorrow morning.”
John Watson's fists were clenched; Sherlock could see the soldier in the way he held his body. Everything in the doctor told him he was ready to hit anyone who would hurt his little patient, the same urge to protect Leanna that had led Sherlock to leave Sussex.
Harry and Sherlock were arguing, when John had gotten to them. It was surprising, they had a cordial relationship at Clara’s birthday party. “What’s the problem”, he asked.
For a while he just stood there in the living room, knowing that only a few rooms away John was sleeping in their bed. John, who had tried to get him to submit. Submission, as a part of sex was pleasurable, because Sherlock knew he could let go, give himself to his doctor. He trusted him. That didn't mean John could just order him around or try to keep him from doing his job, his calling.
The waitress brought their drinks and Molly ordered a caramel cappuccino. She helped Leanna with her colouring and Sherlock stayed mostly silent to let the two of them enjoy their time together.
John saw the light glee in his love’s eye, Sherlock came closer and kissed him deeply, tasting the honey on his tongue.
Brother or sister. The words hit Sherlock like a wall. He hadn't thought about this. Leanna would have a sibling. They would be a family of four, plus Sarah and maybe Sarah's future partner. John's baby would be loved by so many, even if its way into the world had been a horrible crime against the omega who carried it.
It may had been easier if one of them were an omega, or even a beta. The instinct would be less overbearing or the dynamic would be easier…
And how could he resist Sherlock’s alpha tone and desperation. John got up to quickly divest himself of his pants. Skin against skin. Finally. Heaven.
If only she had been quicker, if she had made that part of the house closed... if she hadn’t argued with Siger about Sherlock and how to handle the press scandal… Maybe… maybe he would have come to her before going there alone… maybe…
“It can play with my toys. I have so many.” Leanna wiggled in John's arms and the doctor let her down to the floor where she immediately started collecting toys from the floor.
“You are very kind to the man who is trying to help you.” God, how Sherlock hated that sour expression.
His wannabe kidnappers the Garrideb brothers were not masterminds by any means - he was being kept in the closet of their fucking office. He had been there just this morning with Sherlock.
Molly smiled, as she wiped her tears away and Leanna reached out for her. Her Nanny took the girl into her arms and as they talked, Sherlock spotted John coming from one of the rooms. Bag and flowers fell to the floor and within seconds Sherlock was in front of him. John’s arms came around him and Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck, his scent comforting.
He didn't like her getting sick ever, especially not when he wasn't there to play the violin for her. Luckily, he had recorded himself playing months ago and sent the recording to Molly. He should have probably told Janine. He should be more insistent on getting along with her. They should talk about topics concerning their daughter. He didn't even want to be in the same room as her more than was necessary. Playing the happy couple in front of others was dreadful. He did it because his mother insisted on it and happy couples were expected in their social circle as well as fake smiles and compliments.
John was staring at the door, not responding to Ella, his therapist. How could he tell her he would have preferred to die than being maimed? That the idea his fall wasn’t even intended by the enemy, just a stroke of fate, just bad luck, made everything more difficult to accept. He failed! He abandoned his formidable squad which he protected, healed and lead to a fucking stray bullet! He should have been more careful that night, should not have gone alone. All those regrets, shame… How could he talk about it? He was a soldier, a surgeon, someone who inspired respect, sometimes fear…No, those feelings had to be contained, buried, or he would definitely drown.
Oh. Well. John couldn’t honestly get angry now. He was just disappointed… After all the preparation with Angelo, he would have to reschedule.
The ex soldier grabbed the tall man and pushed him until Sherlock’s back hit the door, “You can’t leave me! You can’t disappear and you certainly CAN’T DIE!!! My god, Sherlock!”
“Dr. Watson. I am here to give a present to my little brother. Well, it is more a present for you. This wasn't easy, even for me as a … minor in the British government.”
“And you surprise me. No one ever surprises me, but you do. Sometimes by being tender, sometimes by being rough. Always by being wonderfully attentive to my needs.”
Leanna had slept in their bed that night, refusing to let go of him and Sherlock had been happy to have her close. He had to decline John’s invitation to sleep at the hospital, didn’t want to wake his daughter again.
She didn’t care for the girl or about the fact that she took the phone from violet’s dressing gown. She whispered words into deaf ears, words she couldn’t remember after and she rocked Siger like he had rocked their sons.
Sherlock's brain was closer to bursting from what John was trying to say, interpreting, making suggestions, playing through every scenario possible.
This was not a game. He might enjoy the puzzles, but this was about the lives of three people belonging to their pack. And James Moriarty would not hesitate to kill them, was already killing the twins with every second of his presence. The risk of miscarriage due to the alpha’s unbonded scent was still high. Too high…
“Sherlock. Stop it. I don’t feel threatened at all by your modifications. I like it, you taking ownership here. I don’t feel less alpha, I know you’re not taking my place. If one day I feel threatened, I promise I will tell you, we will talk and we will find a solution so we can thrive the both of us in this relationship. Okay? You will have to tell me too.”
birthday. Mummy probably thought that was somehow romantic, but Sherlock didn't want to get bonded at all so he didn't give a shite about the date. It was common for an alpha his age to find an omega and produce offspring. People in Sherlock's social cycle, which meant the rich and powerful, loved celebrating weddings, knowing that the omega would go into heat in the same night. The bonding was later celebrated whenever the newly-weds made it out of bed at the end of the heat.
“Don’t listen to your fathers Leanna, come with me, I will read it to you properly” Uncle My was not very good with the voices but Leanna thank him and praised him for his very serious effort.
“John?” he knew it wasn't a good moment, but he couldn't waste another moment second. The doctor was by his side immediately. “Do you know where this is?”
Sometimes, Sherlock imagined John going on cases with him. Not, that the doctor was exceptionally clever, but he was less of an idiot than most people. And Sherlock had always wanted an assistant. Keeping a low profile had priority right now, so he didn't take cases anyway. Still, he played with the idea in his mind palace when he was bored. It happened rarely, these days, to his own surprise.
Leanna felt a blush warming her cheeks and tried to hide behind her daddy’s leg. She could guess John wanted them to get along, and it made her shyer.
“I'm calm, because I need to be. My brain is my greatest asset and I need to think about a way to solve this. Our case. So I can't just let my emotions overrule my brain. Not even with our daughter in the middle of all of this.“
The day Janine and his bond was broken, he tracked every nuance of her reaction, even asked her afterwards. She didn’t seem to be in more pain then if she had been stung by a bee. It was the end of them as mates, as a married couple and not for a second would he miss her.
“Oh Sherlock.”, Jim walked across the roof, always moving, never standing still. “Always so grumpy. I thought the little doctor was the grumpy one. Never mind. This has been fun. I always loved games and with you, I found someone worth playing with. It wasn't my intention from the beginning, because your omega failed to tell me about how clever you really were. You enjoyed the games too , didn't you?”
“Well, he really doesn’t like me” Sarah chuckled. “Oh don’t look so affronted, I know when I'm not liked, I am an omega. And your Sherlock? If he could make me disappear, he would.”
“It’s not… It’s not what I want! I meant to say… I want you to choose the safest path, because… Sherlock, I can’t imagine living my life without you in it… I don’t want to lose you to some petty criminal… Knowing I could maybe save you… I would never be able to forgive myself if I lost you because I wasn’t there to protect you. I am sorry if you felt like I don’t trust you to protect yourself. Please forgive me…”
“And I am very happy to have you here little mouse. It’s your home now, you understand?” John reiterated, to be sure Leanna would never have any doubt about her rights living here. He felt her nodding against him; her soft hair ticking his jaw. He never wanted to let go.
“Don’t worry about my back, love, you should worry about what I am going to do to you. We have approximately an hour before we will have to get Leanna, I intend to use every minute of it!”
Twenty minutes later, they were resting exhausted in the bed, damp with perspiration. Sherlock nestled against John’s neck was otherwise nearly half covering him, doing a nice personification of an octopus. And John loved it.
“No, no, no, Sherlock, love, it’s not your fault! I know you’re doing your best! I don’t hate you, I won’t ever hate you!” John tried to put all his certainties in his voice, his confidence and his love. But before he could add anything, he had a sobbing Sherlock crying on his shoulder.
Hearing Sherlock lost for words had been funny first, but he didn’t like where it was going now. He never wanted Sherlock changing. Be a little more careful maybe but he didn’t want to put a hold on Sherlock’s curiosity and childish excitement.
Sherlock wasn't able to sort through his feelings right now, pain searing through him in burning waves. John was with Sarah, having sex with Sarah, bounding her to him.
Sherlock felt himself nodding and John smiled at him, before turning away with Leanna still in his arms. He could hear the two of them talking and then Mrs. Hudson's voice downstairs. He couldn't move.
Before falling asleep, he vowed to himself that he would never doubt Sherlock’s heart, that he would make more effort to communicate when he was feeling distraught, he would make the change to be a better mate for Sherlock. Right now he didn’t feel very much worthy of this incredible man’s love but he could improve. He would.
“Dashing? Really? Should I worry?” John tried to joke. But she was right, as usual… Smelling Sarah’s pregnancy was…difficult…He had impulses, he wanted to protect her, take care of her needs, be near. He had stopped himself smelling her more profoundly several times. He knew it was normal, a biological imperative all alphas felt with their pregnant omega. Except she wasn’t his. He didn’t want her to be. And even more important, he didn’t want Sherlock feeling insecure or threaten in their relationship. But he wanted that baby. All those contradictive feelings were at war inside him, not a very comfortable situation to be in.
They didn't leave the flat much, Sherlock worried his family would find him, expecting Mycroft behind every CCTV camera. He hoped Leanna was unaffected by his minor paranoia, her happiness was his first priority. Leanna didn't ask about Janine, ever. Sometimes she talked about her grandfather, or Molly. Sherlock had thought about contacting their former Nanny, but feared the Holmes family would pressure her into revealing their whereabouts.
“I wanted to give you something you lost because of the ambush in Afghanistan, I know it’s not exactly the same, but…”
There were security cameras in front of the house and in the garage and it took a while for him to figure out how he could deal with them. He opened the window in the bedroom. It took him three tries to hit the lamp outside with one of the stones Leanna liked to collect in the park. The glass shattered and he hoped it would be enough to keep the guys from security from detecting him with a huge suit case and a child in his arms. He could get to the garage from there. No one would care, if he left the house that late, he did that all the time for his cases.
Sherlock felt empty, the world seemed to have been swallowed by fog, which cushioned all the sounds. He heard himself trying to comfort his mother, but he couldn’t remember his own words afterwards.
“Stop. Rambling. Maybe I am. Maybe you just are an alpha who needs to stick his cock in someone to be satisfied.”
Daddy was very impressed with her drawings, he had said something about how she held the pen well and was very precocious when it came to perspectives. It felt good to hear John felicitation's whenever she drew something. She wasn’t used to it. Papa always told her when it was good, but she craved positive feedback, she had tried so hard to have Mother’s attention and affection before, without any success. She needed John's, Daddy’s encouragement. Her heart felt so much warmer when he told her how brilliant she was. The fear to disappoint was always here, but much less than before. Daddy always took time to listen to her, and when he couldn’t, he always explained why. He had never dismissed her.
Sherlock sat in his armchair in front of a wall of newspaper. They only part of his husband he could see was the top of his head, silver hair combed to the sides. John had been reading for almost half an hour and Sherlock had spend his time deducing what the articles were about by the way John’s hands twitched and the little sounds he made from time to time. A scandal in the royal family, the current sport results, four crimes NSY had been clever enough to solve.
Sherlock blushed and John was grinning like a madman. He kissed him because it wasn’t possible to resist the temptation… He John Watson, alpha and ex-soldier, who had always frowned on PDA, was kissing his boyfriend for all to see.
Lestrade met up with them in the lab of St. Barts where Sherlock just had had a look at the blood report.
“Well, I just saw you coming out of that pub and I don’t know… I just wanted to talk to you but I just couldn’t muster the courage to… And don’t look at me like I am completely lunatic! YOU are the one who’s ignored ME since you found a new flat! Didn’t even see the place!” From contrite, Harry became more and more angry and John began to feel a little guilty.
“Santa will definitely love your gift!” Papa exclaimed. Daddy was looking at him with a big smile, it was one of the thing she had first liked about the doctor. He treated her father with kind words. She remembered that before, Mother or Grandma were often angry when talking to her Papa, she didn’t like it.
“John” Sherlock’s deep voice surprised him and made him drop the paper. Sherlock took it and frown before he turned white reading it.
“Wonderful, you’re making great progress in creating a new life for yourself!” Ella was smiling as if he had just told her he had won the lottery. “And your leg, do you feel any change in the pain now that you’re at your new job?”
37 minutes later, John was witnessing the worst scenario he could ever imagine. Sherlock and Moriarty, could this little man really be Moriarty? John had finally found them on the rooftop, the magnetic stone had really helped, his compass guided him to where the detective were.
Sherlock laughed, “You have made progress at observing. Hum… Here, there is a secret compartment I asked the clockmaker to add.”
A clumsy kiss shared between moans and sighs, as they slid against each other, the tip of John's cock bumping against Sherlock's shaft over and over again. God, he wanted to do this forever, arousal building inside of him almost painfully slow. It took all that he had in him to stop. He kissed John's shoulder, the scar.
He made his way to the bedroom and stopped two steps from the bedroom door. That sound, he knew that sound. Fast breaths, getting faster, the rustle of the sheets. John must have decided to start without him.
So, you see, it had already been a perfect day. But Mycroft’s surprise was the ice on the cherry on the cake! He felt…ecstatic. He had always feared that if something happened with Sherlock’s family he would have no resource, no legal way to keep Leanna. And now that he knew it was official, a heavy weight he hadn’t been conscious he was bearing was lifted from him. He had so much energy right now!
After a quick trip to the Yard Sherlock came home to an empty flat and he knew just where to look for his family.
How could his perfect world have went to hell in just a few days? That’s what he had always feared. His pack was under attack, a vicious one. Not clear enemy to defeat, no clean shot to get out of their trouble. No easy solution.
Sherlock radiated nervousness. John was happy to notice there weren’t any alcoholic drinks and tricked Sherlock into eating something. There was a band playing and some people were already dancing.
“Papa?” Leanna yelled from the kitchen and Sherlock jumped up from his arm chair, all dark thoughts forgotten. His daughter knelt on a chair in front of the table and helped John and Mrs. Hudson with the Christmas biscuits. The whole flat was filled with the scent of cinnamon and vanilla and John was singing along with the horrible Christmas songs coming from the radio.
John heart couldn’t be more full of love. Daddy, he will be a daddy for Leanna. Somehow, it was one of the greatest titles he had ever earned.
John had never felt so spoiled in his life. Everything was perfect, Sherlock had outdone himself. The day had been a delight with Leanna, but the diner? A sweet torture… Sherlock had been charming and teasing and he had never felt so desired before… He was used to wooing, not being wooed himself… With candles and roses, he still couldn’t believe analytical Sherlock had bought him roses and a romantic dinner for his birthday. If asked some years or even months ago, he would have laughed at the thoughts, probably said something about it being old fashioned and unnecessary… But from Sherlock? It was exciting and cute and…yes quite arousing too…
Her flat hand hit his face, leaving it burning and red. Sherlock clenched his fist, fighting hard with himself to not hit her back. He could smell his own alpha scent filling the flat, sharp and threatening. Turning around, he walked to the window, staring outside at the familiarity of Baker Street.
Deep satisfaction. That was the first words that came at his mind to describe how John felt seeing the dead man. He knew anguish and sorrow would come, but now… now he had killed the man who had threaten Sherlock’s life!
She brushed his hand off, looking up at him with hazel eyes. “No. Just gave me some money and the package. Handsome fellow in a suit, but he had a strange aura. Not that you care about things like that.”
Motherhood felt amazing. She felt tired and her whole body ached and she cried a lot, blaming it on the hormones, but the love she felt was indescribable and made up for every night without sleep and every ache of her body.
John shut his eyes. And quickly rolled over to free Sherlock still under him. “Yes, love, you should go look at them, we are… coming soon!”
After some time, Sherlock calmed down and John carefully led him to the couch. Sherlock had found new composure and sat very straight.
“Shh…Love, it was, it was all that to me too, you know.” Smooth, John, so eloquent! But the message get through and he felt Sherlock smile against his neck.
A few second later, John came back to his senses to watch Sherlock licked him clean. The sight could almost made him hard again. “Sherlock, come here” and kissed him tenderly, tasting himself on those lips, “Do you want me to…return the favour?” he tried seductively.
The women giggled, as he led his wife to the kitchen. All smiles were gone, as soon as the door closed behind them.
At last, he was nude as well, and…heaven, there couldn’t be any other world. He died and this was true heaven! Sherlock skin against his own, without anything to temper the feelings anymore… John took Sherlock in his strong arms and made him lie down under him. Sherlock under him, everywhere, bliss… John went back to kissing this glorious man, deeply , lovingly. Because if there were so much lust right now, love was there too, so much. Sherlock had to know. Always.
“It’s okay, sweetheart. You’re fine, that’s all I need” John whispered in his little mouse’s dark curls. He looked at the lady who had kindly taken care of the little girl, “Thank you, I was so worried when I turned around and she was gone. I thought I would go insane.”
“Pity. Moriarty told me you've been lusting after him for weeks. He has someone else now, Sherlock. Bet they are already fucking like rabbits.”
John sat down on the bed and Sherlock came to sit in front of him on the floor, head pressed to his lap. Slowly and gently, John began combing through his hair.
She looked up at him smiling, leaning over for a kiss and then looked back at her drawing. “It’s for the babies room. It’s our family. You and Daddy and me and Molly and Sarah and the babies.”
“Okay… Yes. Of course I forgive you… And…if I promise to try and be as safe as possible. To take you or the police with me when I know it’s dangerous wherever possible… Would it be enough… for you?”
The pear fell to the floor, rolling underneath John's chair. Leanna jumped off the chair she had been kneeling on to retrieve it. She was the one to do that because he had stopped moving again.
They hadn’t really talked about sex yet, about what they were comfortable doing or trying… John didn’t know how to start talking about it. So far they had let mostly their instincts run even if John felt like he was always controlling himself, assessing Sherlock reactions to be sure he liked what John did. He was afraid of what he could do if he lost all restraint. He had dreamt about burying himself, deep inside Sherlock, of taking him completely and not so gently. Sherlock couldn’t want that too. It was so far from what his alpha’s instinct would urge him to do. To submit was not in Sherlock’s temperament…Even if he seemed to love when John was protective of him, it couldn’t go as far as accepting to be mounted, wasn’t it?
Sherlock who had been so shy about interacting with people was now having a proper conversation with several other guests. And now, a young beta girl who had been very impressed by his deductions was … asking him to dance…
“What the hell are you trying to say?” John was becoming angry. Sarah shouldn’t be here, and why was everyone  telling him HE had a problem! He was fine.
Oh. That's what it was all about. Sherlock was… afraid. John would need to be really careful now with what he should say or Sherlock would flee and never change his mind. The detective lost bit of his tension and refused to look at John.
Christmas Eve had been wonderful. Of course, Sherlock would never admit that openly, but he enjoyed their little party, especially because Leanna seemed to have a lot of fun. Still, after they had opened presents with Leanna and had breakfast with Mrs. Hudson, he was relieved to find the flat silent the next morning.
Their little party stepped into the room and Sarah squealed in surprise when she found it furnished instead of empty as she had expected.
“If you'd spend one second looking at her, once in your life, you would have seen that she is so loving, so clever and so brilliant. And that is not my achievement, not yours either. It's who she is. She deserves love and you didn't give it to her.”
“Mrs Hudson! Do you see John?” He asked violently, apparently trying not to shake her but clearly on the verge of failing.
Being a father…Was it something he could do? An unbonded father, living with another alpha and his daughter. What a strange pack, indeed…But could he be a good father? Did he want to be one? If Sarah kept the baby, would he want to be part of its life?
John's steps on the stairs, the sound of them so familiar, so welcome. Still, in this moment, Sherlock was afraid of what they might bring, of the words John would chose to tell him they couldn't be friends anymore, not after Sherlock had tried to seduce him, failing miserably.
John came closer and Sherlock could sense he was annoyed. He didn't care right now. The annoyance got even more obvious when John retrieved the phone with more force than necessary.
He kissed her forehead and went down the stairs and into their bedroom, curling around a sleeping John.
“If you ask nicely, I am sure Molly will play with you. And my sister Harry and her mate Clare will be there. She is your... aunt now, I guess.” John, no Daddy said with a smile.
John almost jumped from his seat. The gynaecologist was a middle aged male beta with a kind if tired smile.
Sarah’s hand on his shoulder stopped him, “Let him go John, you shouldn’t put your job at risk for him” she then look at Roger “If I hear one more word degrading alphas or omegas from you, I will fire you! I won’t tolerate this behaviour in my service!”
Leanna nodded, curls bobbing. “Like it here. John is very nice. And good to live with a doctor, Mrs. Hudson say.”
When he saw doctor coming back with the nurses, a dreadful feelings settled in his stomach. John knew from experience that when medical caregivers came in group it was often to tell bad news…
Leanna was asleep, her little face red and the stains of tears on her cheeks. Sherlock felt her face, she was a little feverish. His poor little girl. He wondered why Molly hadn’t try to call him to warn him about Janine firing her… Hadn’t time for that now, not his priority, maybe he would try to find out more later.
Every parcel of his alpha’s cell were screaming to just go and save his mate, the love one in front of him which he could save. Would save! He had time to cry about it later.
John was drinking a coffee on the terrace of a little café. He and Harry had agreed to meet there, but she was 10 minutes late. It wasn’t a good sign… He had contacted Harry soon after his encounter with Sherlock and they had agreed to coffee today. John was beginning to worry; he hoped nothing bad had happened when she was abroad. His thoughts came back to Sherlock. He and Leanna had lived with him for a month and it had been a very entertaining month indeed.
“It’s not the time for this! It will only make it all more difficult! How can you not understand that! We have to focus! It’s not the time to wallow on sentiment!” The angry voice surprised John, Sherlock had been everything but angry since the beginning of this. Always so calm and composed. Imperturbable.
