Tony went quiet and Steve looked up to see the man thinking. His eyes were shining again.
Tony smiled happily. “Ready?”
“He definitely did try to kill Rogers. Two shots, both lethal. One collapsed the lung, the other nicked the aorta. The aorta, doctor! I’ve never heard of anyone surviving such injuries. Have you, doctor?” asked Banner.
Then he waved a hand at Steve, as if to say, ‘go on.’
“So is that how it is going to be? You are going to come rushing in and stand there glaring quietly? You want to work these people, don’t you? What exactly is the plan here?” Rhodey asked.
Steve stayed flat against the wall and made no further sound. The door began to open cautiously but Steve kicked it open with all his strength. The man on the other side when flying into the monitor bank and smashed three of them. He would not be getting up again. But the other guy was faster. He was already firing at Steve and the bullets rang out into the open corridor.
When Tony came to, his first thought was,
But now he had a decision to make. He had found his soulmate and the man had broken his body in at least three places. It did not bother Tony that his soulmate was obviously a criminal, that would have been hypocritical. But the man was cruel. To get his men to beat a man who was outnumbered, tied down, defenseless… that was inexcusable. He had tried to take Tony’s dignity. And that Tony Stark could not forgive. Tony would never admit to being heartbroken. Or that heartbreak was worse than all the pain assailing him at the moment. But it was easy to admit that he was furious. He refused to lie down and take it. Metaphorically, at least. So, he straightened his back and pushed down on the pain. All of the pain.
He used to think it was wonderful that there was someone out there just for him. He used to imagine someone who would say the words and hand him a wrench as they began work on a project together.
Potts took pity on him. She smiled, “It was the least we could after she saved one of us. Think nothing of it.”
And hope you like it enough to let me know what you think.
“That’s where you are wrong, Tony. The empire, it is mine. You, I keep around for your brains and for what you can do for me. All this, it is my work. I gave you a place here, I watched over you growing up. And how do you repay me? You stab me in the back and throw me to the wolves,” Stane clicked his tongue and shook his head as he sat down next to Tony on the floor.
“So this is happening?” Steve murmured into Tony’s hair.
“I remember what Ma smelled like. This memory feels like a gift. I am happy right now. I remember what that felt like,” Steve said with a small smile playing at the edge of his mouth. He absent-mindedly rubbed his wrist.
“You got that shoulder and ankle looked a yet?” Tony frowned.
Thank you, thank you for getting through this mush. I very tentatively ask you to let me know what you think. Kind words and kudos will be much appreciated. Constructive criticism will be truly welcome. Other things, I shall be borne with a stoicism that would make Steve proud.
Maybe if he told himself this five times everyday—once with every meal, and on getting up and on going to bed—he might even come to believe it.
“Tony,” Steve whined, pulling him closer to himself.
“That was not how I wanted you to find out,” Tony said to Steve’s shoulder as they both lay in hospital beds next to each other.
Pepper and Rhodey, when they came to visit later that day, looked a strange mix of angry and confused. “You look a strange mix of furious and curious… there should be a word for it. Fucurious. Or Cufurious? Yes, that’s better. That is how you look. What have you learned?”
Tony nodded. “Check stops made on route. Specially unscheduled ones. I have a plan, but I think we might need help from these Howler Monkeys. What do we know about them?”
Steve reached out and held Tony’s hand in a loose fist.
Nat shrugged. “Gave me the password to use at the south gate after 7pm.”
“You will,” Tony said cryptically as he pulled on a gas mask and headed back into the lab.
Tony’s zepplin was a marvel. The perfect stealth vehicle. It glided on whispers in the dark night. They had followed a lone truck with Hydra militia men to their mountain fortress. The Wasp’s intel was spot on. The base, ah-ha-ha, was at the top of a mountain. An old abandoned schloss repurposed as a keep for all their stolen weaponry. There was a lot of activity on the ground. Jan was right, they were gearing up to make a move against Shield.
“Right. Nat will take the top floor. Buck’s ground level. I’m going for the basement. We are going to try silent entry. Keep away from cameras. Anyone spots the communication hub, take it out. This is now a rescue op. Kill anyone that gets in the way, but first priority must be the prisoner. Radio silence until objective is cleared and then we meet at the car.”
“Let’s do it then.”
Steve stumbled off Obie’s limp form and crawled towards Tony. “Are you Ok?” he rasped before his hands gave out and he fell forward.
“That’s enough.”
Tony’s chin was resting on his chest with the effort of getting the angle right when the man moved his hand and grabbed his chin. The touch though not gentle, was not very rough either. But Tony felt it. Oh he felt it at a subatomic level. Like his vision was whiting out with whatever the fuck glow the man carried within him. In a nanosecond of clarity he made out his words on the wrist in front of his eyes—like pencil marks, upside down in Tony’s blocky untidy handwriting.
“I had heard rumours about Hydra Militia smuggling weapons into the country, but I had no idea they were using your organization. I am sorry to hear about your, hmm staffing problems,” Jarvis said. Tony smiled. He could hear the italics there.
You. You kept me, safe and together, Steve did not say.
“There you go,” he had said, his mouth full of a rolled up pancake as he put a stacked plate in front of Steve. Tony swayed and bopped his head, he looked at Steve with his dancing eyes and frowned.
Bucky felt he finally understood what was going on with his friend. The pauper had fallen for the prince. A fairytale that had tragedy stamped all over it. He cleared his throat and said, “Clint will be at the gas station with Jan by tomorrow evening. Depending upon how soon they load the truck and get it moving, it will be in the precinct three to five days. Jan’s team will stay there and get more intel on the truck stop and Clint will follow the truck till the cops bust it.”
“Keep talking honey, I can turn the dial from stun to a fucking painful shock,” said Happy.
“Spill it Tony,” Pepper grumbled, her excitement gone.
Again those exchanged glances. “As Mr Stark told Ms Romanov, we will let you know as soon as we can,” said Potts.
“Tell me all you know about The Cap and the Howlies.”
Tony snorted, “I’m calling it tear gas. And that was just the bonus. The moral of today’s accivention was that sometimes a straight line is not the shortest distance between two points.”
The plan had been coming together. Slowly, but surely it was all falling into place. Tony sat at the top of the water tower in the compound and looked down at the activity below him. Sitting in the shadows, hidden from all eyes, this was his favourite place to think. He watched his men loading and unloading various trucks. The compound buzzed with activity after the long lull of forced inaction. But now the mole hunt was on. One of these men was probably a traitor.
Bucky and Clint stepped back from the mess of the man unconscious at their feet. They were breathing heavy and Steve knew it was anger not exertion that was pouring off his men in hot puffs. He leaned in front of the fallen man and reached out to check his head. His fingers came back bloody and his wrist began to itch. Steve pulled his hand back and straightened up. “Move him to the next room. I will do the questioning. Clean him up a bit, no bandages,” Steve said to Bucky. “And there is no need to hit an unconscious man. We are not savages. Do I make myself clear, Clint?” Steve spoke slowly and through gritted teeth to his men. The men nodded assent and picked the unconscious man up. Steve left the room. The itch was crawling up his arm.
The bag was yanked off. Tony blinked and breathed deeply. The air was comparatively fresher but he was in windowless cellar like room complete with mould stains and dripping pipes and a single naked bulb above his head. Very kidnapper chic. The gang around him, he could see three of them, had masks on their faces and he suddenly felt better. May be they didn’t intend killing him. May be they needed him. Maybe this was an interrogation. Maybe…
"One of us should. Doesn't seem like you are ready to forgive yourself," Tony sighed. "Look I can't promise that things will be roses all the way, but let's give each other a chance. That is what this is, after all," he waved at their joined wrist, "a chance at being whole. Let's see how we fit together. Let's take a chance." He sang the words like an out of tune song, "Baby let's take this chance."
He had no reason to come now. It was done. The job was over. Now Hydra would hunt down the mole, whom they would assume had betrayed them and he would finally know who was the snake in his garden. He was not looking forward to finding out. These people were his family. He stood alone, lost in thought. Darkness fell around him.
Steve still doesn’t know why Tony didn’t burst out laughing right then as Steve showed him his palette.
“Haven’t you been listening, you little piece of shit? You are going to help me make nice with Hydra. You are going to design enough weapons to make good what was lost today, and them some. Spare me the woe-is-me I don’t do that no more crap. You will either make my bloody weapons or,” and here he pulled out a gun for effect, “you will make one bloody corpse.”
“This can’t be happening,” Tony cried, “Not like this. This is not what I wanted. No, no.” Steve’s head was somehow in his lap and Tony was crying like an actress in some cheap melodrama, rubbing his hands over Steve’s face. His fingers brushed against something hard in his ear and he pulled out Steve’s comm link. That was when the distant pop pop sounds registered in his head.
“Gimme, gimme.”
In a minute they were in Tony’s lab as he heated a small batch of ochre. The blue light from the bunsen burner reflected on Tony’s goggles and while Steve was all for safety, he wished he could see Tony’s eyes. It was like he could look at then for all eternity and never get the catalogue of colours right. His experiments in his “studio” were proof of all his failures.
“No. It is something trite, common and so not something I would ever say,” Tony said replacing his cuff.
Steve collapsed into the chair Dr Banner had vacated and held Tony’s uninjured hand in a gentle clasp. Steve was still shivering but he could breathe again. Tony was alright.
, he didn’t say.
Tony sighed and rubbed his face. “Who’s doing this Pep? It feels like it has been going on for a long time. I had no idea, and you know how I hate not knowing.”
“I had forgotten my words,” he whispered. “I didn’t recognize it when you said them. I felt the bond form but I thought that I was dying… I mean I didn’t know what to expect but you shining like that, and the warm feeling of kindness… and peace. I thought it was a sign, like redemption, or absolution… I don’t know…” Steve faltered.
“Did you get it?”
“I think you unlocked them somehow.”
Jarvis sighed “Magic.”
Tony put away his gizmo and screwdriver and rested his elbows on the table, chin delicately poised on his knuckles and batted his eyelashes at Steve.
The dog barked again. Steve jerked his eyes to the ridge where the silhouettes of two men and a dog appeared against the skyline. Steve quickly dipped back into his white grave and kicking his feet  and elbow at the edge of the hole dislodged enough snow to cover himself and blur the edge of the man-shaped hole in the drift.
“I can do this all day. But may be you have something better to do than get beaten up over nothing,” the man said. There was anger in his voice. Then he took a deep breath and tried again. This time he tried to be conciliatory, “It’s just data. You give me your route and you get to go home.”
“The soul bond forming at the time just near death seemed to have kicked off some sort of shared life bond. Don’t you agree, doctor?” asked Strange.
Steve felt like a badly made machine, and Tony would look at all the rusted nuts and broken gears and take them all apart, and lay them out and study them. Would he figure out what made him work? What made him broken? Would he fix that mess and put him back together? Would he be able to? Would he even want to?
Tony wanted to tell him that the good cop, bad cop routine needed two people to make it work. He bit his tongue. The wound reopened. The taste of fresh blood made him want to spit. So he did. A streak of blood and spit on his soulmate’s pretty face. The man had closed his eyes but he did not flinch or even make a move to wipe it from his face. God but he was beautiful. He opened his eyes and looked at Tony.
“I can’t… I can’t… get it right,” Steve stuttered and began bawling like his heart was breaking.
Nat’s call came in like the answer to all prayers.
“Oh thank goodness,” Dr Banner said as he got up from a chair in the corner and began to adjust something. “We can bring him out of it,” he was saying to Steve.
“… and despair and guilt and anger… all at the same time,” Dr Banner interrupted, trying to keep his tone light. “You know, if he was himself he would have tried to come up with a name for what he was feeling.”
“I told him I knew where he lived. And I would come by soon,” Nat smiled reaching for Clint’s beer. He let her have it.
“Look here Rogers,” Rhodes said. “Cards on the table. We are not taking on the Hydra Militia. They are too big and we are a rather more visible target than your little vigilante group. We can’t afford an all-out war. That said, we are not going to all this whole weapons business and mole in the organization to go without challenge. We don’t like being played. We don’t like being made fools of. So yes, we will do something about it. Other than that, we are not looking to paint a target on ourselves.”
“The minute I turn my back on you, you kids get up some mischief or the other. So, where is everybody? What have you been doing?”
Tony nodded.
But the team was not important. What was important was the information they let slip during the many many, oh too many, interrogations. When The Cap had first asked about shipping routes Tony had assumed it was because he wanted to use the routes himself. Then it dawned on him that they wanted to hit it, at which point he thought to reveal some of the old routes he no longer used but he remembered that even if he couldn’t see The Cap in the room, the man might be listening. Even if didn’t say “
“What’s happening?” Tony croaked.
“I had forgotten what she looked like. I knew it was you…somehow you were in my head and making things easier. I felt you. Couldn’t understand it. I can't tell you how happy it made me... not to be alone. I thought may be that is what it felt like to be in love,” said Steve.
Everything hurt. Even his jaw was aching with how hard he had been gritting his teeth aginst the pain. He was exhausted and the night refused to end. There was a scraping noise and suddenly the snowbike veered to the left and crashed into an exposed rock face. Steve was thrown off and he landed on his back looking up at the starless skies, wincing. He had no idea how far he had come, how far he still had to go. He did know where he was, but he knew he was cold and tired.
Rhodey, his dear friend, took pity on him. “Well, here is Mr Stark. I think he cleared his schedule to hear that apology. Go ahead Captain, he is all yours.”
“Dislocated shoulder. Concussion. One broken rib. Cracked cheekbone. Two lacerations. Nobody could accurately count all the blunt force trauma and what have you been doing—eating your tongue?” Rhodes began pacing.
Bucky had brought him more and more information about all Tony Stark did for the community. The soup kitchens, the free clinics and his legitimate businesses that almost single-handedly propped up the economy of three different districts. Why had they not done this research before, he had yelled.
“How off?” Tony asked.
But Tony was thinking of someone rather more mortal when he looked at the downcast eyes and the sad mouth.
In the privacy of his office Tony rubbed his face for what felt like the 100th time that day. “Fucking Hydra. How bad is her wound?” he asked Pepper as she followed him into his sanctum.
“Nuh-uh. I looooove tinkering. It makes me happy. Figuring out how thinks work, and fiddling with it to make it work better,” said Tony. Then he looked at Steve curiously.
“It is done,” he said to Tony. There was a smudge of soot across a cheek and his shirt was dotted with small burns where embers had landed. There were scratches on his hands and his knuckles were skinned. He looked messy, but unhurt. Then he smiled.
When Nat finally walked back into the base all three men jumped. “I am ok. Got hit. Walked it off,” she smiled.
“You tell us, Tony. You were missing for three days. And you’ve been unconscious for hours. Where were you? Who took you? What did they want?” Pepper’s voice began rising and she caught sight of Tony’s wince.
This can’t be happening. This can’t be happening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve and Bucky were the only ones combat ready. Clint had taken hit and was recovering.
And then he had come to the kitchen where Tony was singing something so off key it was unrecognizable.
Steve was not listening. His eyes were fixed on Tony. Lying in bed, a bandage around his head, and another around his wrist. And Steve began to shiver uncontrollably to see Tony so still. His eyes closed, his hand not waving around, he almost did not look like his Tony. Tony was always so alive, so vibrant.
“I am. Very. Are you?”
“Nothing,” Steve replied, smiling and shaking his head but his eyes would not go back to the book.
He cut off a length of rope and slowly lowered the supplies first and then himself down the ruined castle wall to the ledge. His luck held. The snowbike was mostly undamaged but for a busted head light, a misalignment in the handlebar and few scrapes on the bodywork. It took Steve almost a half hour to get it right away up, his shoulder screaming with the agony of the effort.
Steve hadn’t slept well. Maybe it was the unseasonable warmth of the humid night, maybe it was a nightmare, maybe it was the fact that Tony had not come to bed at all, maybe it was just that Tony had been so distracted that he had not even touched the hot cocoa Steve had got him, or that they had argued earlier that day and Steve did not even remember what it had been about… but whatever the cause, the effect was the same. Steve had laid in bed staring at the ceiling until the sun came up. Then he stared at the empty spot next to him, the pristine pillow and untouched sheet and got up with a sigh. He went for a longer than usual run, and had a longer than usual shower. Standing under the spray of cool water he wondered if it was possible for him to be less needy, or at least pretend? So he would not drive Tony away from him, suffocating him with his clingi-ness, his relentless need for Tony’s warmth.
“Sorry, I’m late. Hope you kept the bed warm for me,” Steve said as he climbed in next to Tony, careful not to jostle him.
Tony winced. “Read the room, Pep. I got it during the kidnapping. The heartless bastard who took me did this.”
“I love you,” Steve whispered into Tony’s mouth. He had refrained from dropping the “L-Bomb” as Tony had called it since the last time they had been in injured. Tony never said it, and Steve thought he shouldn’t either. But, he realized, Tony said ‘I love you’ not with words, but with the brown of his eyes. That turned gold in the sunlight, and chocolate with delight, and held him like amber, and protected him like burnished brass and became red ochre just for him. Tony loved him with a strength of emotion that others considered "incapacitating." And Steve shivered again. But this time he was smiling into the kiss.
Tony nodded like Steve had given the correct answer and Steve felt stupidly proud of himself.
The thing about raining fire from the skies, is that there is no controlling the fallout. Fire catches. And everything burns.
Tony was silent. Anything he said would be taken down on the wrist of this man and held against him for all eternity. Tony shook his head.
Hope you like it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony groaned as he came to, muttering, “Ve… Steve..”
“Thanks Jarvis, I really needed this,” Tony said.
Sitwell and Rumlow are both Hydra. Rumlow was heading back across the border to Hammer’s secret manufacturing facility. There was some talk of  some new chemical weapons that they are mass producing there. Thor decided to follow Rumlow. Sitwell was setting off for a Hydra base in the mountains, so Jan is tailing him. I stayed with the truck because of the stockpile in the city… Steve they are planning to take down Shield. Hammer’s working with Hydra. And he knows all of Shield’s weaknesses. Bastard probably made sure there were plenty weaknesses to find. Is there any more beer?”
Potts and Rhodes exchanged looks. Some sort of conversation happened over there. Then Potts turned to him and said, “What can we do for you, Captain?”
So he watched Tony and once he had caught the man stealing a glance and looking away quickly frowning at the table. He had been a little surprised but in that moment he saw Tony think as clearly as if he were saying his thoughts aloud. He saw Tony embarrassed at having been caught looking—a touch of pink near the cheekbones and ears. He saw Tony get angry at his own reactions—a deepening of the frown and clenching of fists. He saw a decision being made—the straightening of the shoulders and a little nod. And then he saw the anger being put on like a face plate clicking into place—the scowl and the glare. It was turned on Steve like a noon day sun. Where others would have wilted, Steve basked. Since that day Tony would spend their planning meetings staring him down. Steve went to watch Tony glare.
The bag on his head smelled of vomit. There was a hint of sweat, spit and blood in the bouquet, but the overpowering element was vomit. It made Tony gag. But the cloth gag in his mouth was tight, making an attempt to breathe through his mouth utterly futile. Kidnappers could be so inconsiderate. And needlessly violent. Time ticked by. He got used to the smell and the dull ache in his head where he hit it as he fell. The stuffy bag felt like it was making his hair sweat. A bead of water tracked a path down into his eyes. He blinked. How long did they plan on leaving him here?
There was no point rushing Nat. She’d speak when she was ready. She took Bucky’s beer from his hand and finished it for him. Then she settled down and told a story. Nat was good with stories. Very descriptive. She even brought a map to illustrate the route. How the truck went out of the precinct, how Tony Stark’s man followed at a discreet distance, but then became over confident and got spotted. How the shooting began and how Nat jumped in. Got shot, lost the truck and then got herself captured.
Nat hummed at the skyline and directed her answer at Steve instead. “Something troubling. We may have got it wrong.”
“Too many people,” he whispered. “I had hoped for a smaller body count.”
He stood transfixed, unable to move and felt ice clawing over his body, pulling him under.
Dr Banner laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. “I have taken him off the sedation. He will back with you in a few minutes.”
“Let’s start with the slightly bad, then do the good, then the really bad and garnish it with some really really good.”
“He doesn’t, really. He knows he is rather pathetic,” Steve smiled and then he sighed, “Tony, I am sorry for everything. You really deserve someone better. I am not a good man…”
Tony rolls his eyes and huffs, “I’m not an idiot.”
Fuck, he knows he looks positively insane, but Tony is already all bravado. His voice is not the same, less deep, less rough, but is enough his Tony that it makes the rhythm in Steve’s heart turn into a solo set of drums, it’s angry, and grand, and unstoppable.
He talks to Tony in his fifth day, manages to steal a tux that fits too tight and sneaks into a gala he is sure Stane made Tony go to so he could save face. Steve has no game plan, the only thing he knows is that he is leaving afterwards, he can’t stay here, it is not his place, but he is selfish, and he wants a little for himself too.
It’s a lie. Steve knew, since before he went. He was going crazy, and he just wanted to look at him, to see a version of Tony that wasn’t the lifeless corpse in the middle of a battlefield, a symbol of another enemy’s defeat, and it was worth it, Steve is certain of this as much as he is of anything, he knows they all have accepted that exchanging their lives for others was just a part of this job, that Tony didn’t hesitate, as if it was his destiny to do so, as if being a dying champion was his birthright.
It’s 1991 and Tony Stark is twenty-one years old. He is guilt-stricken, lonely and wild in his grief.
The future didn’t seem like it either. 2023 is a in-his-face reminder that there’s some things he can’t take back and mistakes that he can’t undo, and that maybe home isn’t a place, nor a moment in time.
He has never seen Tony like this, even when they were friends, or at odds, Tony hadn’t allowed Steve a front row to this kind of weakness – right now, he is using it as an armor, as an shield, he wants the entire world to see he’s hit rock bottom, lying down and asking for the kicks –
Tony doesn’t say anything, not at first. He just raises one brow, resting his head in the bathroom door behind him.
“I’m sorry, Tony.” Steve mutters, after his laugh has died down and the music has changed. He figures they aren’t moving to its beat now, still slow and nice. Neither he or Tony care very much.
“I can’t deny that.”
And Steve laughs, fast and low, it bursts out of him and dances around to the beat of the music, he laughs like it’s a surprise, like he has just learnt how to do so.
“I want a dance” Steve answers, just as quietly, he has no recognition of the song being played, but it’s slow enough to excuse their proximity. Tony is shorter than him, always has been, but this time it’s more noticeable, he has to raise his head to look Steve in the eye.
. So, Steve filled his head with everything that mattered too little but seemed always more important than the can of worms that was his emotional troubles.
This Tony hasn’t asked Steve d
“I have to go. I’m sorry. Tony – I missed you.”
“Woah, slow down. I don’t think that matters”
Steve smiles.
It is 1985, and Tony Stark is sitting a few rows from him in the same library table he has occupied for the past five days. He gets there at 8pm, spends more time pretending to be doing work than actually doing it, and Steve, as hard as he tries, cannot understand what Tony is doing. He knows Tony is too smart for this, and doubts the man has the need to be pouring over books to understand any concept - the boy.
“Are you here to prove third time’s the charm?” Tony asks, clearly amused.
This Tony hasn’t died while Steve looked, and looked, so pathetically uncapable of stopping it.
But Steve is already going, his long legs and speed taking him across the room in a few seconds. Tony follows him, this time. Too taken over by anger and confusion to let the matter go, but he is unmatched. No one is going to catch Steve if he doesn’t want to.
Steve wondered if he would, is sure that Tony had noticed him stalking around the second or the third day, the pattern too certain to be a coincidence, and Tony might be fifteen now, but his mind is sharp and he has always been ahead of everyone else. But he hadn’t even looked twice in Steve’s direction, so he shrugged off and continued the routine.
Tony comes for him on the 7th day.
So, Steve doesn’t respond Tony’s questions, not because he can’t, but because it wouldn’t matter, and Steve has always been too good at ignoring things like this.
“Doesn’t seem like me.” Tony huffs.
“You want a dance?” Tony mutters, eyes serious and unwavering, his voice steady. He grew up so much in such a small amount of time.
He watches Tony on the TV of cheap restaurants the first few days, the media is unashamed of exposing a young man’s suffering, of making a spectacle of a bleeding cut. Steve watches and he yearns and angers, Obadiah Stane is an imposing figure, a leech, Tony is unaware and Steve wants to end this cycle of betrayal before it even starts, but is too scared of messing things up even more by doing so. For that, Steve watches, and yearns, and angers, knowing that in this timeline, and in his very own, Tony got it way worse.
“You aren’t going to answer me, are you?” Tony pauses. “Is there a version of you, in this time, somewhere right now?”
“I’m a genius, Cap, nothing is out of the realm of possibility, and it would make sense. Something happened, though, hasn’t it? Where you are from? Something made you miss me, there?” Tony is speaking quickly now, like he can’t keep the words inside. “Did we break up or something? I screwed up with you? Honestly, any version of me that is real has that ability. It wouldn’t make sense you coming back here, though, well, it would, if you just want to piss me off. So, what the fuck happened?”
Steve is grieving too.
Steve gets up. He leaves.
“You don’t seem freaked out by it.”
When Steve goes back, Bucky and Sam waiting for him as if he had never left, he knows in his heart that 2023 still isn’t home. It will never be.
“You are a genius and that’s what you figured out?”
He is completely aware of how unhealthy it is. How disturbing, and sickening, and completely wrong it is to be doing this, but there is a part of him that stopped caring not too long ago, even though that day seems a lifetime and a few universes away, has felt like it since the adrenaline of the battle slowed down enough for him to be conscious of the shortness of his own breath, the slow pace of his own heart, and the realization that there is no coming back, not this time.
, Steve thinks,
, it’s the only way of assuring survival - maybe not his, but the survival of all of those who couldn’t afford for him to be drown by his own demons and ghosts of traumas that could take his sanity if he let them.
“You are if you think I haven’t noticed you following me around, you think being here before I arrive is going to what, make you stick less like a sore thumb? You look more like a professional quarterback or a personal trainer than a MIT student, I’m not the only one who noticed, I think the librarian is just too scared of being punched to throw you out. Look, are you one of those corporative spies? I don’t know fuck about SI business, I can barely make a functioning bot, are you for real? Now, if you’re planning on taking me in exchange for money you are just doing a shitty job of, you know, not being recognized.”
“I fucking know that, what I don’t know is you, and why you are showing up here telling me lies and playing me around. What the fuck is your name?”
Steve is going back, eventually. He knew this before he saw Peggy that last time.
It’s brave, terrifying and stupid, all rolled into one.
“I don’t know what you are not talking about, I’m just reading.”
This Tony has no idea of SHIELD’s existence, of Hydra and Bucky, the Winter Soldier and how one thing could appear a certain way but be so completely different. He has no idea of this world he will belong to, one day. Steve doesn’t know what planting this seed will do, he hopes, for the life of him, that it does better than worse.
"Breathe, Tony.” Tony looks completely unimpressed.
“You are not a MIT student. You are not a MIT employer. In fact, you are not a anything, I searched. So why the fuck are you here?”
Tony stops moving, but doesn’t leave Steve’s arms. “What for? Starks are always running from death, I think. Sometimes it wins.”
Steve knows, and is completely aware, of the wrongness of this.
and hasn’t heard him say yes.
“You remember me?” Steve arches a brow, he thought Tony might, but wasn’t sure.
Steve watches, has been watching since the spur of the moment idea crossed his mind and he acted before thinking. He has put everything back where it belonged, with less affair than it was to actually take them, he visited Peggy for a minute, more for himself than for her, he can admit, because he is selfish and confused and he wanted to feel loved again. Steve knew he couldn’t stay there, not this time, not when there was a wrongness in everything, in a tightness of his body that just wouldn’t quit, in the feeling that the 40’s were his era but not his home.
“I will know you? So, this is a thing that has happened, you and me? Somewhere? In another time?” So smart, so smart, so smart.
He can hear Tony muttering indignantly to himself all the way across the street, but he does not get up and follow him.
Tony rolls his eyes.
“Oh no, you don’t….”
“Why don’t you find that out? You are a genius, aren’t you?”
“Well, aren’t you just a ghost from the past?” Tony says, after a beat.
“I can work with insufficient data, Captain, but this ain’t it, this is pure insanity and I have enough people trying to play me to add you to it. List is full, come back in a few years to see if there’s an opening.”
Tony comes for him again, this time there’s no accusation, he finds Steve in the corner table he has been sitting all night, trying to figure out a good time to approach him, and he extends his hand.
Steve thinks,
Steve saw him in other places too – in the cafeteria, surrounded by teenagers but seeming too alone. With a younger Rhodey, walking from one building to another. The library is the most consistent place, one Steve didn’t have to hide in the shadows. Where he could try to feed this hunger in his heart and lie to himself,
Tony doesn’t laugh back, but the lift in the corner of his mouth feels like winning.
Tony’s face says enough for Steve to know how it sounds. He is unbelieving, and so suddenly mad. His unemotional face quickly becomes a brewing storm, Steve at the front and center of it, asking to be swept away.
“Haven’t you heard? I’m the owner of a very large business now, worth some billions, you won’t even have to use me to get to the big man now. I’m it.” Tony says, sarcasm lacing his words, his delivery is flat, like he isn’t feeling anything. His eyes say otherwise, but Steve doesn’t think there are many people in the world so adapt into figuring out every nuance of Tony Stark, not like he is.
Steve isn’t completely sure why he picked this year, it’s not like he enjoys seeing Tony in pain, and he is aware his foray in 1985 might still be something this Tony remembers.
Steve doesn’t even know what to say, or maybe he does, but saying it to this Tony would not make a goddamn difference, this Tony doesn’t know Steve, hasn’t loved Steve, hasn’t been betrayed by him, hasn’t forgiven him and fought him and with him, hasn’t won battles or lost wars by his side.
“Stop smiling at me. If you are after my father, I’m telling you now he ain’t giving you shit, so you can take any kidnapping ideas out of your blond-haired skull and get the hell out before I call campus security on your ass.” Tony says, too fast, like he usually does, one word stumbling on another, his brown eyes shining bright with his being alive and Steve can’t stop smiling.
“That doesn’t matter.”
Maybe home is a person. But a person is a thing death can touch.
“Still seems stupid to try this now, doesn’t it?”
“What would I gain from kidnapping you in an open room with about fifty very influential people?” Steve asks, amused and wanting so hard to rile the other man up.
“I still think you are; I know for sure you haven’t been invited to this. I don’t even know your name.”
Yet, he is here, with a chest full of desire to make things a little better, as if he somehow could, as if lessening this Tony’s hurt would make up for all the times Steve wounded him with his own bare hands.
“No, you don’t. You will, though, one day you will.” Steve rubs a hand in his face, he is suddenly tired, deep down to his bones.
Steve laughs. “I would have already left if I wanted to, Tony. Listen, I- “Steve pauses. “I didn’t mean, for this, when I went to see you that first time. I didn’t know what I was doing.”
Tony is 27 and doesn’t seem surprised to see Steve, this time. He has just left a guest lecture at MIT, Happy picks him up and drives him to a restaurant to get some food. Steve is already in the bathroom when Tony gets there.
But Tony is there, the youngest Steve has ever seen him, eyes downcast, insecure and wandering. And maybe Steve gets it, when he stops to think about it. He understands why Tony is here, after all - he’s just fifteen, surrounded by people too old to comprehend what he is going through but too young to be gentle about it, and he just wants to fit in.
“Not saying you are, in fact, you are the one throwing accusations here” Steve responds, amusement lacing his words.
He hopes, that somewhere, somewhen, he has it, though.
This ending feels fitting, as well.
“Are you Steve Rogers?” He already knows the answer.
Steve has always been too good at ignoring things, at compartmentalizing, at focusing on the
“You seemed familiar, besides, a handsome guy showing up out of nowhere saying nonsense to me? Of course, I’m going to look into it, you really are kind of stupid, aren’t you?”
Steve knows there’s truth in his sarcasm, so this time he chooses honesty. “I know I confused you, I didn’t mean to, I just… “
“Yep! I’m in the bedroom!” Tony answered back, swiping the image away before turning his tablet off. He hopped off the bed and walked out of the bedroom to find Steve standing in the living room area.
“I need results, and if you can’t produce them—”
After waiting a second to let J.A.R.V.I.S. create a sequence, Tony walked Steve through the algorithm. Steve did his best to comprehend as much as possible, jotting down every word that sounded unfamiliar to him so he could study it later. At points Tony slowed down to explain something further which Steve appreciated. After a while, however, he could tell that his lab mate was getting a little antsy about having to move so slowly, yet Tony remained mostly calm.
Steve nodded slowly as he sat down on the couch. Bucky let out a deep sigh as he joined him.
Steve paused before answering. “Tony, I’m not trying to get into an argument about it—”
“Hey, Steve.” Bruce smiled at him as he walked forward.
Tony found Mr. Beck to be completely discomforting, but managed to convey curiosity with a usual PR-like smile.
“Hey, I’m not
The colleague shook his head. “No, uh, Harvard…?” He whimpered.
Tony cursed to himself.
Obadiah pointed behind himself to call attention to the entire board and Fury. “I would like to show them the device, Dr. Banner.” He grinned, which looked a little menacing, but Bruce remained unfazed.
Steve had slept. His nose in Tony’s neck, and the taste of warm honey lingering on his lips, as sweet as Tony’s smiles.
Pepper corrected her aim to reach the woman’s face more accurately and her arm followed the trajectory of Gnat’s movement to the chair. Happy was the first person to come in through the door. He rushed to check on the nurse.
“I know,” Rhodes sighed as he sat down on the bed and rested his hand on Tony’s foot, “It’s all too big and still not enough. The world is broken Tony, and we are running around with little band aids.”
“What’s up boss?” he asked.
“I wasn’t happy tailing. Why, did he see me smile? I wanted to see where the truck went. This guy was just in the way.”
“Everything okay with Peter?” Steve asked slowly, his tone clearly cautious.
“Have a great night, Mr. Stark!”
“I hope it’s not too lame.”
“Hello?” Rhodey sounded incredibly confused.
Tony removed one of his hands from Steve’s ass as he slowly traced his backside and neck before settling on gently stroking Steve’s face as they continued to hump each other. Steve wrapped a hand around Tony’s shoulder; he held on tightly as he used the other hand to hold his body at another angle. The shift in the angle elicited a sharp moan from Tony who used his legs to hug Steve’s body close against his own. He pushed upward into Steve’s body in time with him pushing downward. Tony groaned as he could feel both of their cocks growing harder with each thrust.
Steve glanced upward at him before smiling back down at his tablet. “You have another house? Well, actually I shouldn’t be surprised by that.”
“Okay, so I’m only going to say this once. And if you don’t answer me correctly,” Tony pointed to a manic-looking Thor as he was now being held back by Steve and Bruce, “I’m going to sic your brother on you and he looks like he wants to beat the shit out of you.” He shoved the tablet into Loki’s face.
“…uh, great. Cool.” Tony answered awkwardly, trying to smile back without looking silly.
“He’s been working on this thing for a while now.” Tony explained.
Loki waved him off with an unsettling grin. Steve made a mental note to himself to ask Tony about it when he finally got a chance to escape Thor.
Tony nodded slowly; his expression oscillated back and forth between pained and faked content. “Oh well, I probably would have asked you, too. You do have that sort of ‘face’.” He joked, making quotation marks with his fingers at the word “face”.
“Fuck,” he then jumped off the bed, “I forgot that I was supposed to meet Banner for a bit. He wants to show me something.”
“Romanov and Thor,” Tony physically pointed at both Natasha and Thor, “if you don’t mind,
Steve nodded as he continued to smile. “So…you don’t mind?” Tony slowly asked, but not sure if he should have.
Tony sat hunched over a table in the lab, pretending to do work, but really thinking about Steve. Occasionally, his mind would slip back to the present, realizing that he had been so consumed with thinking about Steve all morning that he hadn’t turned on any music which was usually a part of his morning routine.
Tony rubbed an imaginary bump on his head as he squinted upward at Steve. “I’m fine.” He muttered, now more embarrassed that he had fallen off the bed than waking up basically lying on top of Steve.
“Excuse me—?” Tony let out quietly, yet his voice was harsh.
Tony rolled his eyes; he didn’t feel like discussing Steve again.
“I know which year it is, J.A.R.V.I.S.” Tony rolled his eyes again as he rose from his stool. He grumbled to himself as he walked to the elevator.
“I’ll follow your lead, okay? It was rude of me to ask you to come over when you hadn’t made plans for Rhodey to stay longer with Peter.”
Tony smiled weakly at his friend. He did feel a little less stressed lately since getting to know Steve better. His issues hadn’t gone away completely, but it was nice to have Steve distract him once in a while.
“I don’t think the last set was correct, Tony.” Bruce unhelpfully questioned.
There inside, nestled in some shock resistance material that wouldn’t do much if it did explode, was Thanos’s super weapon.
“It took me a bit to get over my last relationship, too. My ex, her name is Peggy. We had to break up because of distance. We couldn’t make time for each other and it became obvious that it just wasn’t working.” Steve continued as he fiddled. He was looking away from Tony.
Steve tried to smile back, but there was something off about Tony’s behavior now. He opened his mouth to try to explain why he didn’t want Sam to see them like this, but then Tony smacked a hand to his forehead.
Steve nodded before looking over at Tony. Tony smiled back wearily. He could tell that Steve had taken notice.
However, Tony was also struggling with how great Steve had been up until that point. He got along well with Peter and he was understanding when it came to past relationship issues and family trauma. Yet the thing with his dad’s diary was something Tony couldn’t seem to get past.
“Actually, Tony…” Steve interjected as he continued rubbing Tony’s arms, “I haven’t been with anyone since you…”
Loki sighed as he hung his head. He was standing in front of the Synergy team at Stark Enterprises in the main space.
Tony turned slightly, looking downward at the diary, taking some time before shaking his head quickly.
“Hey, boss,” Happy interrupted what felt like forever between Steve and Tony smiling at each other, “I gotta get you back to the Tower for that board meeting.”
“Should I let him in? He seems excited to see you.” Steve’s assistant motioned toward the door.
The Synergy executive committee, which comprised of Tony, Pepper, Fury, and Obadiah, was sitting at a large table in one of the nicer conference rooms in Stark Tower. Tony was on one side of the conference table while the other three faced him directly on the other side. One of the interns had set up a continental breakfast for the committee, but Tony, uncharacteristically, had been too nervous to eat anything.
Tony shrugged, not really sure what Steve was trying to get at. He waited a second longer before responding.
Pepper lightly rubbed Tony’s arm; Tony was amazed with how relaxed he finally felt in his repaired friendship with her. A year ago, he would have been a wreck trying to talk to Pepper about even the smallest of matters.
Tony stared at Steve with a smile before swiftly changing the subject.
Steve had to prevent himself from frowning. “Okay…uh…let me get some plates…”
Bruce backed away to look at the projection from another angle. Tony walked away from the console, stopping at a table to cross his arms.
“Our world is becoming more unmanageable and destructive by the minute. No longer can we rely on traditional methods to protect and sustain ourselves and our fellow people. This calls for alternative methods.”
“I kind of feel stupid saying this out loud, but remember when I told you I’ve never had a serious relationship before Peggy? And I’m not that great when it comes to dating, so…needless to say I mixed up signals between Bucky and I…” Steve inhaled deeply.
Steve’s eyes widened with alarm. “Tony! You haven’t tested it yet?”
Fury stepped forward. “It was originally launched toward the end of the Second World War, created by Howard Stark and his team.” As Fury explained the origins of the story, Steve noticed that Tony looked visibly uncomfortable at the mentioning of whomever Howard Stark was.
“Cap?” Sam glanced upward quickly at Steve who was standing next to Bucky, “but, uh, not to put any pressure on you and Sharon—”
Both Bucky and Steve looked at Sam before Bucky started laughing again. Steve sat back into his chair with a groan, sinking downward.
“I know…I’m just not sure how to start the conversation…”
“Have…I ever told you about my family?” Steve began.
Tony groaned as he turned over onto his back, realizing that he had fallen asleep on the floor of his office. He groaned again as his body ached from the whiskey and sleeping on the hard floor. Tony blinked a few times before he turned his head, seeing his dad’s diary laying open next to him on its spin, face up.
Love you all,
P.S. this may sound a little goofy, but I absolutely love writing the friendships between Tony, Bruce, and Rhodey and Steve, Bucky, Sam. They're all super unique and act accordingly to which ever relationship I'm working on. I just love them all so much. :)
“Uh…” Tony began slowly, “…no Sharon…?”
“Uh, Tony?” Steve said quietly, still rubbing Tony’s back.
Tony panted as he felt Steve, running his hands up the length of Steve’s backside, moaning from every movement. He slipped his hands underneath the hem of Steve’s boxers.
Tony held Steve still by squeezing his waist; he then licked up and down Steve before ending at the tip, taking his time to taste that very bit of Steve. Steve moved his hands slowly along Tony’s shoulders, moaning softly until one hand was running through Tony’s hair. Tony moaned with Steve in his mouth, squeezing even tighter with one hand on Steve’s cock and the other on Steve’s chest. Steve pushed Tony down onto himself as the sensation grew even more intense.
Tony glanced around the restaurant as soon as he entered, spotting Pepper in the corner near the kitchen as soon as he removed his sunglasses. She noticed him at the same time, waving with a warm smile.
Tony sighed before walking away from the door. He walked over to the other side of the bed, facing away from Steve, trying to figure out something to say. He knew running into Tiberius had set off this whole chain reaction, but there was something off about Steve musing about Bucky after having been so freaked out that people thought they were messing around when they started working together.
And it felt like the longest trip ever walking from the threshold to the table. He gasped for air before plugging the charger in, placing the phone on top the table. Tony then rocked back and forth on his heels, keeping his mind off the fact that he was in Steve’s bedroom, alone with Steve.
“Tony…” Peter started through tears, “…can you stay with me…please?”
Tony drove himself to the hospital, signing in like he usually did before walking to Steve’s room. He stopped to look at Steve through the room window, taking a few deep breaths to steady himself before entering. He walked up slowly to the bed, still trying to get used to seeing Steve in his current state.
“Peter, I don’t think—”
“I got wind that Obadiah is planning to contact some international weapons dealers. I…” She stopped short before continuing. Tony gave her a curious nod.
The last couple weeks with Steve hanging around with him and Peter had been amazing; Tony had never felt this way toward someone who was also great with his kid. But unfortunately, as Tony mulled over his insecurities, it made him wish he had a better relationship with his father.
Steve nodded, smiling faintly, feeling a little uncomfortable with Obadiah’s demeanor.
Tony returned the stare. Both men glared at each other for another moment before Obadiah clapped his hands together, changing his tone.
Tony patted Steve on the shoulder from behind before walking over to the built-in bar where Thor and Clint were in the process of pouring themselves some more shots.
Tony moved the hand he had on Steve’s thigh up his hip, his waist then his side, along his body until he reached his neck. He smiled as he caressed Steve before climbing on top of him to straddle his lap. The sudden movement on Tony’s part nearly knocked Steve off balance but the latter recovered quickly by using one hand to brace himself and the other to grabbed Tony’s waist before they toppled over.
Concerning Thanos’s past and the current state of Synergy, Fury and Tony could no longer afford to keep non-Synergy members in the dark about the team’s plans. Fury had called a meeting with the executive committee which then morphed into a meeting with the board. The board meeting was to discuss whether Stark Industries could convince the government to pick up the project with more strident security measures.
“Which realm do frost giants lie?" She coolly asked.
Everyone else looked at Steve and Tony before looking at Fury who was shaking his head.
Tony nodded, sensing that the topic was too uncomfortable for Steve to continue, but he did anyway.
As the device generated the specs for the required medical equipment, Tony tapped on his earpiece.
Steve heard Tony clap his hands. “So, are you ready to test this device?”
Steve’s smile fell as he watched Tony’s face suddenly contort into several expressions until it landed on absolute incredulity.
Tony smacked his forehead as he remembered receiving an invitation a while back for some international tech event that planned to feature some of the biggest names in the industry while also giving startups some space to brand their new ideas.
“—no, I heard that part,” Tony turned around fully to glare at Steve, “you seem more than fine with such a
Steve looked upward at Tony as the latter straddled his body again. Tony gripped Steve’s cock, rubbing him for a bit before grabbing the tube of lube. He leaned forward to kiss Steve as he continued to rub, rocking his hips forward.
“…but you look very handsome…” The words seemed unreal as they left Tony’s lips which were what Steve was mostly focused on.
“Hey!” Tony caught the pillow with a laugh before grabbing Steve at the waist. Steve let Tony drag his body to his side of the bed, but then turned around to pin Tony down. They wrestled around with each other before their playful back and forth turning into heavy making out, with Steve on top of Tony, grinding against his body.
think of me asking Steve if he would like to move in with us…?”
Obadiah paused before grinning at Tony. The two men stared at each other before Pepper finally appeared in the conference room.
Steve watched Tony close his eyes; he felt Tony push upward into his body, slowly rolling his hips with anticipation. Steve caressed the sides of Tony’s body with both hands before scooting downward, lying down on the bed as he finally reached Tony’s cock again.
Both Steve and Tony nodded as they rose from their chairs. Mr. Beck walked ahead of them to open the classroom door.
Nebula scrunched up her face before looking back toward Obadiah’s direction. “Fine…” she slowly turned to face her sister, “but you’re the one who’s going to tell father that you didn’t follow through.”
Tony leaned on the car window, with his head in his hand. He could feel Steve rubbing his shoulder which was making it more difficult to think straight.
As the two friends went their separate ways after Steve matriculated into Columbia, it had been difficult going from seeing Bucky almost every single day to only a few months at a time. But since becoming close with Sam, who had overlapped with Steve at Columbia’s law school and also served in the military, Steve found the long absences in his relationship with Bucky a bit more tolerable. The three of them had gotten close and now Sam and Bucky talked on a regular basis without Steve. Steve looked forward to having Bucky around as part of his normal routine and was thankful that his newest best friend got along with his oldest.
Steve sat up straight in his chair. “‘A Steve and Tony thing’?” He looked back and forth between his friends, “are you guys talking about me?”
Tony shook his head as he laughed. “Yachting
Steve glared at Tony but then his face relaxed somewhat as Tony reached over to rub his chest. “How else are you supposed to ask then?” Steve added, waving both hands around.
Tony nodded, also annoyed with Sam’s boss for not letting a needed mediator mediate between him and Bucky.
to being a virgin, right?”
Bucky slowly nodded back. “Yeah…I guess you’re right…”
Rhodey turned around to acknowledge Tony. Steve looked back and forth between the two as they sang along, amused by the scene.
“I’m still not entirely sure what you’ll be doing, Steve, but this is awesome.” Sam smiled as Steve finally looked up at him. Steve wasn’t sure either, but did it matter at this point? Whatever the details ended up being, Steve would be able to participate in something bigger than himself. Helping people with his teambuilding and leadership skills from the army and his legal education would be a huge plus. Things would only get better from here on out.
“Are you all right, Tony?” Tony felt a hand grasp his shoulder and rub it gently. He sighed before turning to face Steve.
“Okay,” Shuri started, seemingly unaware of the tension in the room, “I’m patching Fury and the team through now…”
Steve continued to wait until it became obvious that Tony was done for the night. He closed his eyes, but the entire night, he had trouble sleeping. He could feel Tony wrestling around next to him, indicating that he wasn’t asleep either. After a while, Tony had left the bed, but Steve stayed, figuring it was probably best to give Tony some space.
“Hey, uh, Tony was here while you were out…” Bucky informed Steve as he placed his cup on the counter before meeting Steve out in the living room.
Steve nodded, but the statement didn’t make him feel any better.
Steve nodded as he gave Tony his phone. “I’ll stay with you tonight then pick up Peter tomorrow. Do you want to see him here or wait until you’re back home?”
Steve could feel Tony nearing the verge; his body began to jerk the way it did the last time they were intimate. Steve moaned softly, completely caught up in the moment.
“…yeah, sure. I’ll see you and Peter tonight then.”
He was in the lab earlier than usual, pacing—or trying not to pace—before Tony appeared.
Gamora rolled her eyes as she crossed her arms, and Thanos nodded slowly before finally responding.
How could they possibly work together? Tony was right that Steve would stop at nothing to save Synergy but that was before they grew distant.
“Rogers. Just let me do it.”
Prompted by Tony’s magnetism, the press agents surrounding them began laughing at the harmless comment. Steve walked as close to Tony as possible, feeling weird about receiving so much attention. They answered a few more questions until Happy managed to get them into a room with more press agents.
Tony nodded slowly as he let go of Steve. “Uh yeah, sure…we’re, uh, talking tonight?” He teased.
Tony had to prevent himself from grimacing at the comment. He was over the melodramatics with Bucky.
“…no longer can we…rely on traditional methods to protect…and, uh, sustain ourselves and our fellow people. This, um…calls for alternate—alternative, uh, means…” He concluded, stumbling through the entire sentence.
—ladyslice
“Okay, enough of that. We need to figure out what we’re going to do for dinner before it gets too late.”
Tony took his time before answering. “I was just…thinking about…my dad…” He admitted and a little surprised with himself that he had.
“Tony...we saw him before we left. He’s with May.” Steve answered calmly, barely budging from Tony squirming in his grasp.
Tony rolled his eyes before he answered Clint. “Because we’re running a secret government program and I don’t want the media circus to see it.” He sighed heavily.
“I think it’s fine. You?” He answered with a kindhearted smile.
Steve smiled shyly at him. “I didn’t want to assume, but thank you, Tony. I think I have cake for dessert back at my place.”
Tony glanced quickly at Steve, making it obvious that he feared they could have a malfunctioning device on their hands again.
“Yeah…you’re right…” Steve nodded slowly as he rose from the sofa to stand with Bucky. Bucky let Steve walk ahead of him before sighing heavily again.
Jan frowned. Clint's vote wasn't the deciding factor at this point, not with five votes for and two against, but she had expected him to have strong feelings one way or the other. He had known Wanda longer than any of them except Steve, and he had been the one to find her in Transia. He was the one she had killed, then raised from the dead.
Barnes tapped one metal finger against a building lot that had been highlighted in green marker.
he's said, smiling hopefully at Tony.
The spells in the Book of the Vishanti were not intended for chaos magicians created to serve as avatars for Chthon.
"No," Tony said. "I checked." Just the memory of Steve's crimson-faced embarrassment at the idea of wearing
“Just let them work, Clint,” she said, before he had a chance to decide to protest.
Hank snatched an empty test tube from the rack and pulled his arm back to throw it, the wild urge to destroy something buzzing in his head. Then he remembered Jan, perched atop the computer only a few feet away, and made himself lower his arm, setting the test tube back into place with a stiff control that made his hands shake.
Once inside, Don limped determinedly toward the infirmary, Hank and Tony trailing in his wake, and Steve and the others were left standing awkwardly in the hall.
"And take your flying monkeys with you," Tony added.
How in the name of God — of several gods — had they managed to teleport that?
"If anything," Steve said, face hot, "I threw myself at him."
Everyone seemed to be talking at once, then, raised voices overlapping and blurring into one another.
Carol had insisted that it might be a trick, that they had no way of knowing whether or not Wanda was actually sane again, or had used her incredibly powerful chaos magic to influence Strange into
"You have my word," Tony said, the words awkward and heavy in his mouth. "If it comes to it, I'll do whatever it takes." Another old friend's life, balanced against the world – such an obvious choice, in the abstract, but when it came down to it... Steve's body would be burned into his memories forever, a permanent reminder that some sacrifices were too high to bear. Happy's face still haunted his nightmares; the empty absence of signal after Tony had shut down his life support had echoed in his head for days, until he'd longed for the whisky or vodka that would drown the silence out.
She wasn't sure how she felt about that.
Tony nodded, smiling ruefully. "Yeah, he dumped me for Courtney Love." His voice was very wry.
That was bullshit, and Sam said as much. "You didn't choose to come here. There's only so much you can do when you're being mind-controlled, it's hard enough just to fight the control off. And there's no point in blaming anyone now, anyway; what's done is done." If there was one thing about his fellow Avengers that irritated him — and when had he started thinking of them as 'fellow Avengers?' He'd intended to join the team only temporarily, had no more intention of being their long-term token anti-Registration hero than he'd once had of being their 'token minority guy' — it was the way so many of them seemed to spend half their time feeling guilty for the wrong things.
"Is the deep fryer still in the cabinet over the stove?" she asked, pulling the frost-encrusted hostess box out of the freezer.
Rhodey pulled a face. "That doesn't surprise me in the slightest."
To get Loki to...
Tony took a step back from him, disappointment visible on his face. "You're not-" he started. Then he fell silent, and turned to go, giving Steve one more torturous glimpse of his pale, naked back, framed by black silk.
"I came from Stark Tower. Of course I brought a car." Clint pulled the keys out of his pocket and flourished them. "Red BMW convertible. You should see Tony's garage. It's like a Bond movie."
"I'm a published novelist, and I've spent the past month leading a superhero team in LA. Trust me, if there's one thing I've got experience with, it's talking to the press."
The press. Steve resisted the impulse to groan, rubbing at his forehead. The media had been kind to them in the wake of the incident with the venom clones, the Avengers' first major fight as a re-unified team. They were not going to be kind about this. The prospect of wealthy businessman Tony Stark and almost as wealthy fashion designer and heiress Janet Van Dyne hospitalized and possibly crazy was too good a story not to have reporters fasten themselves on it like leeches.
can do here that a fireman couldn't do better."
"-and Iron Man and Captain America have, ah, resolved their differences and reformed an Avengers team."
Tony hated magic, but alchemy had enough science in it that it might not count. And the chiaroscuro woodcut he could see hanging on the opposite wall, just behind a knot of men and women in evening wear, looked utterly breathtaking in its degree of detail.
From the slight wistfulness in his eyes, Steve was remembering old times as well. He glanced from Tony to Jan, who nodded ever-so-slightly, and then turned to Clint. "You're with me, Hawkeye," he said, as if nothing out of the ordinary were happening. "Wanda, Tony will fly you to the museum."
The book contained spells for summoning 'angels and demons,' according to the description the assistant manuscript curator had given Sam. Could one of those be modified to summon Loki's spear right out of the cathedral, or call up something Doom could send in to fetch it? Strange's binding spell kept Doom himself from physically entering the building as long as Daredevil lived, but maybe Doom had discovered some kind of loophole.
Steve looked up sharply.  "You have live communications?"
should have realized – I know what mind control looks like. I've even worked on ways to screen for it," he added, remembering his stubborn refusal to believe that Hank's inexplicable manic behavior had just been Hank, and not some kind of outside influence, "and then never bothered to use them, even after Immortus."
Fortunately Jarvis had left the refrigerator stocked with an amount of food befitting a warrior, even if Thor must forgo the pleasures of conversing with him while he prepared it.
"Which is what makes it such a bad idea," Steve interrupted. "If I thought you were being naïve – but you know how dangerous she is. I thought we were finished with you putting yourself in dangerous situations because you think you—"
"I'll grow into it," Don said defensively, tugging at the brim again and turning to leave.
"We'll find out," Cap said, in a tone that promised unfortunate things to anyone who stood in their way. He started for the nurse's desk. Clint fell into step just behind him, and Sam moved up to flank him on the other side. The young man behind the desk looked up as they approached, his eyes widening.
"There wasn't as much negotiating as you might think," Jan told him. "When it came right down to it, Steve Rogers just wants the same thing we do, to keep people safe."
The cat was flattened on his chest, one ear flicked back.  When he felt Steve start to shift his weight, he gave the little, unhappy growl he made when he was grumbling about something but not actually likely to claw you.
"Doom sees everything as a declaration of war," Tony said snidely, "from having his medieval zombie army incinerated to Reed Richard having once beaten him at scrabble in college."
He hoped nobody was trapped inside it, that they weren't about to have a hostage crisis.
“Tony?”
Steve's arms tightened around him. "You don't have to keep the baby. I just want you to be okay. I want us to-"
"That lightning the other week would not have blown me up." The elevator doors began to close, and without looking, Tony thrust a hand between them, keeping them open. "The armor's designed to handle power overloads without exploding."
"I was just... there are tests I have to run. So I was, um, running them." He was babbling. He always babbled when he tried to talk to Jan, these days, even over the safe distance of a commlink. Once, he had been more comfortable with her than he'd ever been with anyone.
"It's happened before. Right after I got the Extremis, and then before that, with Kang." Tony shook his head, looking away. "In the hospital, earlier... I thought that you were still dead, and that I'd killed you."
Several of the intruders were in the basement, almost on top of the vault, but it would take them time to get around the security he and Hank had installed, if they were even able to.  Nobody Sin would have been able to hire could get around Tony's security protocols, and Sin herself had always favored machine guns and knives over electronic warfare.  Doom, on the other hand...  He could undoubtedly hack or disable almost anything Tony could set up, but he wouldn't be able to do it quickly.
Deodato had a lot to say, and very little of it was anything Tony wanted to hear. There was nothing that could be done for the headaches, because the root cause, the damage to the Extremis, wasn't treatable. The best they could do was give him a palliative prescription for migraine medication, except that, given the still-healing damage to his heart, most of the drugs commonly prescribed for treating migraines were contraindicated. Except for opiates or sedatives, of course — those were off-limits because he couldn't handle taking them. Deodato wrote him a prescription anyway, 'just in case.'
Tony's eyes narrowed, his muscles tensing, and then he relaxed again; Steve had the feeling he'd forced himself to do so. He met Steve's eyes, and said, with an attempt at a smile, "Don't worry; it's not as bad as you're thinking."
He never done this, before, either, and he was damned if it was something he was going to share with the rest of the team the next time they felt the urge to play a stupid drinking game.
Everything smelled of dust and old paper, and half the paperbacks had cracked spines and yellowed, dog-eared pages. Half of them had come from the Strand, or other second-hand book stores, because you couldn't find Rafael Sabatini, Fritz Leiber, or Grant Stockbridge anywhere else. Or Victor J. Banis, whose books didn't have to be carefully hidden behind something safely boring-looking anymore. Tony might mock his taste, but he was hardly going to complain about the content.
from work and stay home, but since Steve was elsewhere for the moment, what he didn't know wouldn't hurt Tony.
Tony  had stayed home from work the first two days after their return from the  Savage Land, and his first day back, he'd humored Steve's insistence  that he actually eat before leaving.  Then he'd started sneaking out  while Steve was out running, claiming that consuming anything other than  coffee before nine o' clock was barbaric and heathen.
And Redwing fell out of the sky like a missile, snatching the spear from the ground with a shrill scream that was echoed by Sam.
"Good luck getting the glue off," Wanda said. "If you're fortunate, they'll only have to take off a few layers of skin to do it."
He was being a coward, Tony decided. He needed to deal with this now - the longer he dragged it out, the more painful it would be for both of them.
Instead, he had been caught unawares, and his teammates had paid the price for it.
Sam was staring down at the book in his hands, frowning. "What does Sin think is in this book that's worth losing this many of her followers? Since when are ancient chaos demons and Renaissance alchemists her kind of tactics?"
Agatha added another spoonful of sugar to her tea, nodding sympathetically. "Stephen can be very intimidating. He holds himself to an impossible standard and expects everyone else to follow it. I suspect it's why he usually doesn't take pupils."
Byrne was still clutching her arm tightly enough that it hurt. He was hurting her. She was still clear headed enough to know that she couldn't hurt him, though.
Tony had demonstrated that he was willing to go to extreme, even criminal lengths to reclaim his stolen technology, but murder? "We don't kill people, Tony. Not when lives aren't at stake."
"Give me your hand," he ordered.
"I hate magic," Sharon said, shaking her head slightly.
Steve hesitated in the doorway. Pepper must have sensed him somehow -- heard him, maybe -- because she looked up, stared at him for a moment, and then gave him a rueful smile.
doing it again. Tony deliberately made himself relax and follow Rhodey's movements. "Some of the women I've danced with have."
the voice in her head snarled.
Tony's repulsor blast hit Doom just as the door to the vault slid open, knocking Doom inside it.
She was standing still, near the center of the gallery, staring at the room around her as if searching for something.
Sam, unfortunately, was immune to the kind of stern looks that worked on most - well, some - of the other Avengers. He always had been. "He's a step up from Diamondback, anyway," he said.
was coming," she hissed.
At least he didn't laugh.
How could she look him in the eyes, now, after everything both of them had done?
The vault had foot-thick steel alloy walls, with half-inch adamantium plating. It was meant to contain dangerous and potentially explosive tech, including Tony, if the Extremis were ever hacked again.
Supposedly, anyway. The tight ache in his head at the moment said otherwise, but it was probably just a residual headache from yesterday's attack, made worse by spending half the day staring at computer screens.
"That's creepy."
Sam grinned. "Well, that's one way to do it. I always hated those things. I swear they put up more of them every year."
"I don't know.  All the ones I could see vanished."  Sam grimaced.  "I should have checked just in case, but... she said she'd killed you."  He shook his head, slowly.  "I knew she was probably lying, but..."  He didn't finish, just smiled a little ruefully at Steve and gave a slightly embarrassed-looking shrug.
"That would take all the fun out of it,"
Steve nodded, but made no move to leave, standing beside Tony's bed, one hand grasping the metal railing that ran along the edge of it, staring down at Tony, something strange and intense in his face.
Tony smirked at him, the expression almost convincing. "Trust me, you really don't. Though I think I speak for all of us when I say that both you and your alter-ego would make extremely good-looking women."
Family business. He'd said that twice now. All of the other Asgardians had been killed in the Ragnarok, Clint had heard, and Don Blake, while he'd always been a little bit more than just Thor in mortal disguise, had been created by magic or something, and didn't have a human family. Maybe the other Asgardians had come back from the dead, too? Clint tried not to twitch as Don shoved the giant needle -- which felt much bigger than it looked, they always did -- into his thigh again. The local anesthetic wasn't working; they never did.
"What would you do, if it were your body?" he asked.
Which was probably something best thought about when they didn't have company, Steve decided; he could hear voices coming from the living room.
Hank nodded, his shoulders straightening a little, and then he shrank down slightly, losing only about a foot of height, and worked his suddenly smaller hands through the cuffs.  It took an agonizingly long minute to get the first hand free, then he was tugging at the second, and staggering away from the wall as it slipped loose.
A quarter of a hour later, the Avengers, most of them visibly the worse for wear - especially Tony, whose was armor was dented in several places - watched with satisfaction as Bulldozer, Piledriver, and an unconscious Thunderball whom Wanda had managed to knock unconscious with his own wrecking ball were loaded into a police van. The Wrecker had, unfortunately, gotten away, along with the medieval manuscript he had been carrying.
She hadn't lived there, despite the false memories of sharing the cottage with her "aunt" that had been poured into her head. She'd been a prisoner there, not only in the house, but in her own body, her own mind.
"I'm not putting a pencil that close to my eye."
"And I have a nine o' clock meeting with Jack Kooning in an hour and a half."
Even when he was only practicing, Steve moved with a speed and lethal grace that Tony would always only be able to envy; if his attention weren't primarily occupied with trying to guess Steve's next movement, he would have been tempted to just watch and admire.
For a moment, all he could do was stare at Tony. This wasn't an empty apology; Steve had heard those from Tony before and knew what they sounded like. Tony honestly believed that all of the disasters that had befallen the Avengers were somehow his fault.
"May wanted me to thank you for the tip; we had a lovely time."
The Red Skull had "given" him false memories — ones where he'd been the sort of stereotypical street gang member the Red Skull had probably thought all young, black men were — and had tried to use him as a pawn against Steve.  The only positive thing to come out the whole experience had been Redwing.  "You're insane," Sam told her, and fought not to wince as her fingers tightened in his hair.
Pepper froze in the doorway, a PDA in one hand and a stylus in the other. "Who are-" she broke off, staring at him. "Tony?"
That one, thankfully, had been resolved by the pilots and ground crew without serious incident. The squid had been another matter entirely. It had taken an entire afternoon to drive it back into New York Harbor, and Spiderman had insisted repeatedly that there were more of them under there, saying that his Spider-sense had been crawling for days.
The mask went flying, metal scraping across asphalt as it landed, and Steve had a brief impression of pale skin, livid scars, and an enraged snarl — Doom had a narrower jaw than he'd always imagined, and broader cheekbones — and then Doom was diving for his mask.
Losing her had been like losing a parent all over again, and her return had been an unexpected, almost miraculous gift. Without Agatha's intervention, Wanda would never have been able to break away from Immortus's control. For that, and for the memories of her children that Agatha had returned to her, she would always be in the older woman's debt.
Peter recognized that voice; it was the "shut up and get in the Quinjet" voice. And that was just so many different shades of disturbing that he didn't even have names for them all.
It was horrible of her to think, but she couldn't help but be almost grateful that Tony had been affected too, because the only way that this could be more humiliating than it already was would have been if she were the only one who'd collapsed on one of her teammates crying -- in public, no less.
Tony's flight had been late getting in, and Jan had been worried that she would be left to deal with Byrne, the reporter, by herself. That, or be reduced to begging either Sam or Carol to come with her. Steve was still refusing to talk to reporters, and she had learned by dint of long and unfortunate experience that the farther Hank and Clint were kept from the press, the better it was for all concerned.
Tony waited. “Okay, give me a second and I’ll figure it out.” He tapped on his tablet a few times, sighing loudly to himself before letting out an “ah ha!”.
Tony smirked. “Glad you finally admitted it.”
“Do you see them?”
Tony shook his head as he marched away from the group to the other side of the space, feeling the walls collapsing in on him as he wrestled with trying to figure out what to do next.
Sam appeared next, walking with Shuri and T’Challa’s mother, Ramonda. They walked to the front before Ramonda sat down in her designated seat. The music faded then changed to indicate that Shuri was next to appear. She walked out, holding arms with T’Challa, both wearing the most elegant traditional attire appropriate for a modern Wakandan wedding.
Steve’s mouth almost fell open. Wasn’t what he had just witnessed not too long-ago unnecessary danger?
“So, we should go get a super late lunch. Then I’m thinking we should grab a drink after. Anyone else?”
UNKNOWN SENDER
Loki swore as he panicked, trying to finish what he could without tripping the failsafe. The device made a noise, and Loki swore again, banging on the device a few times with his elbow before it clicked once more. He couldn’t get to the reactor mechanism in time which would have controlled the size of a blast, but Loki paid little attention to it, looking behind himself to see that the corridor was clear. He straightened himself out before walking briskly out of the lab to the employee express elevator.
"I told you it wasn't your fault," Tony told him.
Tony shook his head, shrugged. The movement was stiff, lacking the grace he usually had. "I was sleeping with a hair dresser."
At least it had started out on a high note, he thought, and followed Steve out of the room, letting his eyes linger on the broad planes of Steve's back.
Everyone was still staring at him.
The Night Nurse snorted. "A half hour with an oxygen mask and Cage was fine. Fortunately. I don't know what I'd do if it were ever necessary to operate on him." Then, to Wong, "I stitched and bandaged Stephen's side and treated the burns on his fingers. He can complain about my handiwork when he wakes up."
"This city is drowning in chaos.
a relationship, but recently he'd ended up talking to her almost as often as he did Fury or Dugan.  Tony suspected that Fury had decided that watching him and Maria try to be as professional as possible while pretending they weren't sniping at one another was even more entertaining than baiting or manipulating Tony himself.
Tony stepped back, out of Steve's reach, and forced himself to straighten up – he was only winded, after all, not actually hurt.
The first thing Sam had done when he'd gotten the alert was to tell Hank to call whomever was in charge of the building the Meridian was located in and get him to have a copy of the building plans ready. The guy was supposed to be waiting for them in the lobby with the plans, ready to start the evacuation as soon as they got the go ahead from War Machine that it wasn't some kind of bioweapon.
For a moment, everyone just stood there. Steve still held himself as if ready for an attack, whole body a study in coiled tension. Beside him, Sam rubbed at his throat with one hand, wincing.
If she'd still had her contacts in SHIELD, she would have gotten in touch with them and told them where Doom was holding the worthless extra Avengers.  A nice little distraction to keep both her enemies out of her way.  At least her efforts so far had SHIELD distracted enough by her attacks on them that Fury had never figured out her plan, despite her father's worries that he would remember the ritual and interfere.  And they'd been fun.  More would follow once she had the spear, until all her enemies were dead at her feet.
He tried the override code again, despite knowing that it was useless, and forced himself not to panic at the idea of Tony slowly suffocating inside his helmet because Steve hadn't been able to figure out how to remove it.  The Extremis wouldn't let that happen.  Tony had stopped breathing for over half an hour once and been fine afterward.
If Tony had assumed that Steve's request that he come with him to the photography exhibit had been Steve asking him out on a date, then the fact that he had come meant that he did want the two of them to have a real relationship. That, in fact, he assumed they'd already started one.
"Kind of," Clint started. "I don't know." He shrugged, looking oddly hesitant. "Maybe." He had one shoulder resting against the doorframe, superficially casual, but Tony could see him shifting his weight on the balls of his feet, as if prepared to defend himself or run.
Carol raised her eyebrows, the field of unstable molecules that held her mask on pulling at them. "Useful?
the other woman choked out.
Tony waved a hand dismissively.  “They do that anyway.  They got a picture of me and Rumiko kissing behind one of the giant cycads once.”  He smiled a little, his eyes going to a brightly flowered tropical plant.  “Ru liked flowers; she used to love this thing.  She’d have liked it even more this year, with all the snow outside.”
Steve hit one of the venom symbiotes in the face with his shield, sending it reeling back into Tony's waiting hands. He locked eyes with Tony over the thing's head for a fraction of a second, his gaze flicking from Tony to the bent lamppost, then turned away to help Clint. His hand latched onto the thing's shoulder – or what Tony thought was its shoulder – and yanked it backwards just in time to keep Clint's face intact.
“Uh…I might have mentioned something…” Tony answered as he walked past Steve quickly.
“Well…I just figured…” Tony looked down at his shoes before looking back up at Steve, “…when we last spoke, I just figured you would have brought her along or something—” he stopped himself as he waved his hands around, “which is totally fine with me, by the way!” Tony ended by looking everywhere except at Steve as he could feel his face becoming flush with embarrassment.
Steve laid in bed, looking up at the ceiling as he thought back to the conversation.
Tony shook his head, groaning as he recognized the voice. “Steve?”
“…we need to pay a visit to our fallen comrade…” Thor added, to which everyone else either responded to verbally or with a nod.
And suddenly, through his continuing misery and self-doubt, Tony remembered that he had stashed his father’s diary in his desk in his home office.
Tony pulled back from Steve with a grin. “Already again, Rogers? What are you? Superhuman?” He teased as he continued to rub Steve’s leg but kept his hand near his crotch.
Steve switched on the light to the master bathroom. He was starting to feel better; the first therapy session had turned out not to be too terrible and he could already feel his strength returning.
After further reflection, Tony slowly turned his head to look at Steve who had remained in the same position while he was thinking.
Tony laughed again as he messed up Peter’s hair. “Okay, finish packing so May isn’t waiting too long.”
Tony sighed. “Steve…this…it can’t…I don’t think…” His breath hitched before he could continue, looking up at Steve to try to express solemnity as much as possible, but he knew his external expression would betray him.
Even though they hadn’t seen each other in person, Steve had been updating Tony via email about the living arrangements at the resort. The resort suites were extravagant even by luxurious hotel standards, but most of the individual/private suites were already taken to accommodate Shuri and T’Challa’s extended family that had flown in from Wakanda for the wedding. And considering that Tony had been a late addition to the bridal party event, he and Steve would have to share a suite.
“Sounds like that will be interview you
“Uh,” Tony started as he shuffled backward to look at Steve more directly, “are you sure…?”
Steve groaned as he tried to get the phone away from Tony, but the latter maneuvered effortlessly around him, still laughing at Steve’s expense. Tony got up from his chair to show the video to Peter who clapped his hands as soon as he recognized Steve. “That’s you, Steve!” He exclaimed with delight.
“This is my friend, Sam Wilson. Sam meet J.A.R.V.I.S. J.A.R.V.I.S., Sam.” Steve maneuvered with ease.
Steve nodded to indicate that he understood where Tony was coming from; he could feel the energy between them becoming serious. Tony shuffled so that he was now on his side, facing Steve more directly, this time with a smile that seemed so abrupt from the previous tone.
Steve bobbed his head in the water as he tried to focus on relaxing. “Tony, you’re more stubborn than me.”
Bruce shook his head. “Her boyfriend? I’m so confused…are we still talking about Beyoncé?
Bruce had entered the room as Loki explained the details of Thanos’s plan.
Steve nodded as he let Tony kiss him. “I love you too, Tony.” They stayed like that for some time before Tony broke away from Steve.
Bruce took a second, sighing with a nod, finally letting go of Steve’s arm. Steve inched closer toward the opening of the helicopter, motioning for Natasha to lower back toward the island. She finally nodded back, lowering the helicopter, and as soon as the helicopter was about a foot or so above the landing pad, Steve jumped out, landing solidly on both feet before running into the main building. Everyone watched him enter as Natasha pulled up on the controls.
“Fury,” Steve started, “why didn’t you tell us about this?”
Tony bucked upward into his mouth as Steve continued to move his head downward. As he took in Tony’s lingering scent from his shower, Steve remembered the way Tony used his hand on him, mimicking the movements he thought felt the best. He glanced upward at Tony who was now looking back at him with his eyes halfway closed, biting his bottom lip.
“Tony, please—”
“Tony. I’m worried about you.”
“Sam, you’re one of Roger’s best friends, right?” Tony motioned for Sam to inch closer toward him away from everyone else at the bar. Sam took notice of Tony’s anxiousness, but played along.
Tony sighed; he was drinking from a cocktail glass while glancing at his wristwatch.
Bruce shook his head. “Of course not, Tony. You can always say it’s something for the team. You can also tell him he can bring a plus one or something just to make him feel more comfortable.”
be serious. Why would you keep this a secret? Everyone deserves to know. You’re putting people’s lives in danger!” Tony cringed as Steve’s voice rose toward the end.
“Uh, not too sure what your schedule is like, but…” Tony had heard Bruce begin, addressing Natasha; Tony was becoming mentally exhausted with how formal his friend was acting.
“Oh, hey, Rogers. I didn’t hear you come in…” Tony smiled at Steve, but Steve only nodded.
“Hey, Tony. Are you busy?”
“Hi, Tony.” Steve waved back before shoving both hands into the pockets of his jeans.
“It’s funny that we both work here, but I’ve yet to see you in person.” Loki joked with his hand out for Steve to shake.
Both Shuri and Bruce nodded before circling the main console. Tony waited a second before walking out of the main space to head to the space he shared with Steve. As he entered, he felt a hand on his shoulder.
Steve sighed again as he reached into the bag, slowly withdrawing the diary. He then turned toward Tony’s general direction who was facing a console, humming to himself.
Peter tried to put the mask onto Tony’s face. “Steve!” Peter squealed, “do you like this mask?”
He hopped into the elevator car, pressing the button multiple times to close the door. The doors closed and he bounced around anxiously as he rode the elevator down to the lobby. As soon as the elevator arrived at the lobby, Steve stepped out into the space to find no sign of Bucky or Sam. He ran up to the desk to locate their suite floor before spinning, inputting the security code to get to his friend’s suite before jumping right back into the elevator. Steve continued to bounce around anxiously as he rode the elevator up to Sam and Bucky’s floor, running out of the elevator as soon as it opened again. He found Bucky in the foyer of the suite picking up a bag.
As soon as he drew nearer, one of the figures marched out of the space, brushing past him, revealing one of Stark Industries’ higher-level scientists, Dr. Erik Selvig, as he headed in the opposite direction of Steve’s lab.
Steve took another step toward Obadiah, never breaking his stare. “Yes, you’re right. This
“Look, officer,” Tony stepped in front of the police officer to get her to pay direct attention to him. She conveyed her annoyance with Tony invading her space as she slowly crossed her arms.
Sorry for being a little late today...
Tony yanked away from Bruce, running over to Steve. He nearly fell over as he knelt down next to Steve who had sustained a few injuries from the blast. Tony instinctively reached out to hold him, but hesitated, not really sure whether Steve was still alive.
Steve stared at himself a little longer before reaching for his workbag which was sitting on top of the sink. He rummaged around until he found the old chip with the failsafe codes to the Synergy device.
Tony knew Clint’s assault had something to do with the device. His attack didn’t make much sense without considering that crucial factor. He knew there were people out there, beyond Obadiah, who wanted to get their hands on the device, but Tony never thought the project would become this dangerous.
“Cap, Buck and I were thinking about going to a movie later this evening if you would like to tag along?” Sam chuckled, “I think we definitely need an emergency Tête-Bro-Tête.”
Pepper shook her head as she leaned inward over the table. “No, Tony. Please listen to me. I care about you and I want to see you happy.”
Tony turned to face Steve, grinning more so than usual in order to mask his weird feeling. “That’s a secret, but I’ve been inspired by that time we played spy husbands, Rogers.”
“We’re not tying him up, Thor.”
“Okay, well,” Tony started as Riri waved at him as she quickly exited the lab, “nice seeing you again! And great song by the way!”
“…I was thinking about asking a friend of mine over for dinner, you know, with you and me. Would that be okay? I know you have a busy schedule with being a nine-year old and whatnot…”
Steve, now incredibly pink, looked away from Tony as the other caressed his face.
Tony motioned with his hands to get everyone to calm down. “I’m not happy about the situation either, but we can’t keep Synergy in its current form while we have someone using Stark Industries employees to build a massive super weapon.”
Tony sighed as he shook his head. He accidentally glanced at Steve before addressing Bruce. “I hear you, Banner, but perhaps we can build something else from this,” he motioned toward Shuri, “we already have more talent on our team which means anything else we construct after this will only get better. Besides, I rather break the device down than let it fall into the wrong hands—”
“If it doesn’t fit, I’ll fix it—but that’s only if you want it of course. I don’t expect you to say yes, of course, considering all the shit we’ve been through…” Tony looked up at Steve, “but I just wanted to say that I love you so much, Steve, and there’s no other way for me to express it besides throwing you a huge-ass party,” Tony chuckled to indicate that he was joking before taking a moment as he looked away from Steve, “…well actually I’m showing it by opening up to you more like we talked about…” he sighed as looked directly at Steve again, “I had prepared better for this, I prom—”
Steve groaned, confused about what to do. He had trouble trying to reconcile his feelings toward Tony while also seeing Sharon. And it didn’t help that Tony appeared to be angry with him, although he had been the one to call things off between the two of them.
Everyone nodded as they commented more on the team’s work. After a while, the group broke up and Steve was left alone with the board member.
. I haven’t even opened it yet.” One of Steve’s best friends and roommate, Sam Wilson, was holding the course of Steve’s future in his hands: an official Stark Industries emblazoned envelope.
I'll provide summaries after this is completed (can't give away spoilers!), but I'm currently writing the next two installments to this series: one a short story and the other will be a direct sequel to Synergy. I've also figured out the rest of this series, so please stay tuned!
“Were you thinking about him just now when you were all over me?” Tony pointed to the bed, referring to Steve trying to initiate sex before calling it a night.
Tony stopped fiddling with the record for a moment, but he didn’t look over at Steve, however Steve could gather from Tony’s silence that he was listening.
“…after I got out of the military, my mother convinced me to see a therapist…I was fine until…she passed. I was such a mess after that Bucky ended up taking bereavement leave to keep me company. Sam helped me get through that first year at Columbia…”
Tony clapped his hands together, grabbing his work bag before sprinting out of the lab, now focused on the tasks he needed to complete for the day. He pulled out his phone as he jogged, scrolling through his calendar to look at any important upcoming dates.
Tony shook his head. “I don’t want Loki
Tony shook his head as dropped his work bag on the floor with a loud thud before taking a seat at the island.
Steve laughed quietly as he stopped rubbing Tony’s arms to squeeze them tenderly. “Tony, don’t you think we should work on our friendship first before all of that? It’s important to me to make sure you and I are good…”
Steve looked around the harbor before glancing at his wristwatch. He knew it was still a little early before takeoff, but he was excited to see Tony.
“Then don’t, Rogers.” Tony retorted with a shrug.
Steve could hear Tony’s usually cheerful demeanor in his voice, so he silently congratulated himself for making a smart move.
“I’m sorry, Steve…” Tony finally wrenched the door open, closing it quickly as he entered the hallway. He could feel himself becoming emotional again so he raced back to his car before he could change his mind. As he drove away from Steve’s apartment, his body overreacted to the moment, causing him to cry uncontrollably from the feeling.
Tony smiled with a wave as he continued to work. “Just checking over your work, Parker. We’re lab partners, right?”
“I do prefer classic Hollywood movies, but I would probably say something romantic like
…He convinced himself, trying to smile which twisted into a half-grimace.
Tiberius was grinning at him intentionally, so much so that it was beginning to make Tony feel extremely tense.
Everyone laughed at Tony’s joke, but one of the board members appeared agitated.
“Thanks, Steve!” Peter shouted with a mouth full of cookies before jogging back over to the robot.
Thor actively nodded his head, rubbing his hands together. “Indeed. Also, if only S.H.I.E.L.D. would let me speak with my brother.”
happy now, Obie. Are you really here just to gloat? I’m more worried about Steve now than the fucking project at this point.”
Tony tried to respond, but his mind kept trying to reconstruct his behavior. He had been head-over-heels in love with Pepper as their friendship developed. A therapist he once saw told him that was a usual pattern he exhibited in relationships, but he thought he was over that with Pepper.
Tony shook his head as he deleted the message. He took a deep breath before tapping on his phone again.
After Tony opened the door, Steve held onto him to kiss him before walking over to the side of the bed he usually slept on. He smiled at Tony who was lingering near the door, watching Steve. Steve proceeded to undress, stopping short of taking his briefs off. Tony continued to watch Steve undress as he took his time pulling of his tie and unbuttoning his shirt.
Steve stayed near the door, smiling at Tony with his arms crossed. “I’m fine with just going to bed, Tony.”
Whoberis stared Tony down with the most unsettling expression before looking downward to swipe through more data on her tablet.
the one who installed the access codes. And you need a high-level security pass to get in here, last time I checked.”
Natasha laughed. “Didn’t I just see you not too long ago? But this scenery is better.”
Steve took a moment, trying to remember the layout of the building before sprinting down another hallway, spotting an opening up ahead that overlooked the East River. He then, without thinking twice, backed away a few feet, clinching Tony as tightly as possible without doing more damage to his body, before he ran and jumped out of the opening. They landed in the water as soon as Thanos’s weapon exploded, sending a visible radius of the explosion throughout the campus and the surrounding area on the island. The blast retracted as the buildings caught in the radius imploded, sending a significant portion of Roosevelt Island into the water. Steve ducked himself and Tony under water as the island sank.
Steve stopped rambling to look up at Sam who had uncomfortable expression on his face. Steve made a face at his friend.
Tony clapped his hands as he pointed to Natasha. “Romanov?”
“Okay, that may be true, but just let me process what’s going on, okay? I’m doing my best.”
Tony shook his head as he scooted against Steve to pull him down into the bed. “No, it’s more than all right, Rogers.”
Rhodey chuckled, yet his tried tolerance for patience was palpable. “The device has access to a wide database of a near infinite number of items. The possibility is extremely rare. Right, Tone?”
Almost every single person gestured enthusiastically as they cheered loudly for both Steve and Tony. Tony walked over to Steve, placing a hand on the small of his back as he waved at the crowd.
“…uh, thanks for coming to the party…” Steve heard Tony offer awkwardly.
“External forces, Mr. Rogers? What could you possibly mean by that?”
Tony held up his hands. “Okay, okay. It’s 2-2. What else you got?”
Steve chuckled with a shrug. “…well I was kind of…thinking about it, too…because, you know, we haven’t seen each other for a while—but we don’t have to, of course.” He gestured with both hands, before placing one behind his head, clearly embarrassed.
Upon entering the mansion, both were stunned by how overly decorated the place had been, yet Tony had to pull Steve along who had been the most transfixed by the shear opulence of the space.
“Um, what’s your read on Bucky?” Tony had a hand on Sam’s back as he whispered.
Steve groaned to himself; he felt so ridiculous for even trying outside of his comfort zone.
Steve nodded, carefully holding Tony still so he didn’t accidentally rip up his bandages and rip out the tubes running to the machines.
“Hey!” The unexpected sound of Tony’s voice nearly caused Steve to jump out of the tub, “you made it to the tub! Nice work, Rogers.”
