"What's right, then?" Crowley says, his voice snapping at Cas and clearing away any lingering hints at levity. "Your angel boys are even worse at monster hunting than my demon lot are. At this rate the only way we'll make it into purgatory is if they have a bloody open house."
It's a trigger word if Cas has ever seen one. Dean's posture shifts like he's been shot, all bunched muscles and bracing for pain. Even his pupils dilate. It passes quickly. Dean forces himself to calm back down with a deep breath and a squeeze to his sandwich that almost launches a pickle across the table. Cas's angel eyes don't miss much. Dean swallows whatever is in his mouth and chases it with a gulp from his newly-reopened flask.
The phrases "civil war" and "restarted apocalypse" and "genocide" spring forefront in his mind, but he does not want to risk upsetting Dean. The worn-thin man in front of him does not look like he could tolerate much more bad news, despite his efforts to smile.
A vein of cruelty hides in Crowley’s tone, well-hidden by smoothed-down sarcasm. Cas is not new to having to restrain himself from lashing out at Crowley's blasphemy, but harsh words about his friends are especially triggering. He wants the demon away from him, and badly.
This is one of the few times he's found the human outside in the elements, where the sun can get to him. Usually Dean is hiding somewhere more than hunting, and sleeping more than living. Cas tries not to let himself get too optimistic. Dean is, after all, slumped over a picnic table in the courtyard of a junky motel. There's a tree nearby that casts a neat shadow across the pitiful recreation area. Even without the shade, Dean would still have an aura of darkness hanging over him.
Castiel moves away as Crowley strides up to him from around the bed, trying to keep the demon away from Dean. Crowley is the kind of sadist who would let Dean see him just long enough to stir up nightmares.
The wall that Dean has built up around himself, carefully constructed not to feed any optimism, quivers with doubt. His face is tight with the pain of hoping. Cas sees this, but Dean's accusations come from all over and Cas is not entirely sure how to follow or deflect them. He sighs, clasping his fingers together, giving Dean every chance he can to calm down before speaking again.
Whatever joke this is supposed to be sails over Cas's head, even as he realizes that Dean is being aggressively sarcastic. It's a favorite defense mechanism among humans, and it helps Cas realize that he may be fighting a losing battle.
Dark and creeping things love this rain because it’s perfect for hiding from the prying eyes of normal folk. Amidst the drip-drop stillness a dark and creeping thing courses through the fog. It's an old black Impala, invisible save for chrome glinting under streetlights. The car snakes down Blithe Street, enrobed in the clinging rain. There are panthers that can't move as stealthy as this monster, and not stay so hidden.
“I am not so cruel as to torture you with false hope, Dean!” Cas snaps, feeling the need to defend himself.
Crowley only laughs. "Fine, fine. It's just, I've been thinking, you know - nice pastime, might consider it once in a while - that angels and demons really aren't the best candidates for hunting monsters. Too fussy, too self-righteous, too...obedient."
"In the Cage with Lucy. I know. You think I need a rehash every time you scratch your ass, too? And you're right.
"This. This is pathetic. The Great Dean Winchester, homeless and plastered and too damned depressed to change his underwear. It's pathetic." Crowley steps up beside Castiel. The angel can make out his snarky darkness out of the corner of his eye.
The instant that the words leave Cas's mouth, Dean covers his face with one hand and his shoulders shake with badly-contained laughter and Cas realizes that he has done something very stupid, although he has no idea what.
They'll set off for the First Circle next chapter, so stay tuned! And please shoot me a comment if you can. Thanks for reading!
"Sorry to hear that. What's up? Family problems?" Dean casts a brief glance upward, indicating heaven, and fails to hide a twitch at the word "family."
The hope is tamped down as quickly as it had flared. Castiel does not trust Crowley's tone or grin or the way he's pacing ever closer, shuffling through an inch-deep layer of Dean's dirty clothes. There must be a catch here. He straightens his back.
Dean chuckles and grins and starts unpeeling his gift. "I'll be damned. This is my third favorite joint in the country, you know? Favorite on the east coast. You did good, Cas. Thanks."
Cas answers with measured words. "I would be willing to try. Glad to try, if you really think that Sam can be broken out."
"Yeah, well, your best is shite. I'm sick of your best. I'd like to see his best," and Crowley dips the side of his head toward Dean's crumpled form lying on top of the streaked bedspread.
"Wait," Cas orders. Crowley stares over his shoulder, his face wrinkled up in evident discomfort at being interrupted while trying to leave.
Crowley turns away, apparently done with the interaction, and Cas feels the familiar wave of relief that means he'll soon be rid of the demon's distasteful company. Rid of Crowley and blessed with a job to do - one that’s more righteous than his recent projects. Cas has thinking to do about this. It's only at the last second that he shoots out a hand in the international gesture for "stop," catching Crowley halfway through his little finger-snap routine.
"Right, right. I've just been thinking that we'll have purgatory by the short hairs a damn sight faster if we had the Winchesters on a leash."
"Jesus Christ!" Dean roars, losing a few drops of precious liquor in his fearful spasm. He throws one leg over the side of the picnic bench as though he's only seconds from running, and does not calm much once he catches sight of Cas. Instead his dark-ringed eyes widen and his features crinkle with a smile. His damp, tamped-down soul flares like a dying ember.
"Really? You're really sure?" Dean cuts him off before he can mention Sam again. "Because I don't think you have any idea. I spent forty goddamned years being eaten from the inside out down in that S'n'M nuthouse. I don't care how many scrolls you’ve read, you can't convince me that you're prepared for that."
“How did you know I was here, Crowley?” Cas says, not giving him the honor of any eye contact. He keeps his gaze on Dean’s squalor, depressing though it may be.
As the war grows worse, he visits Dean more and more. Often he gets close to speaking to the hunter, but something keeps him silent. The grieving Winchester is the only person he can find who feels appropriately despondent. But then Castiel remembers that his job is to protect Dean, not burden him with the impending restarting of the apocalypse, and that forces him silent. Watching.
"No. I think that I can manage. Thank you for the offer, though. I will consider it if things change," he says, unwilling to say "you cannot help," which is another cruel truth that Dean must be sheltered from.
Castiel nearly apologizes for his lapse, but catches himself because apologizing to Crowley is even more pointless than lying to him. He won’t waste perfectly good courtesy on such hellspawn.
"Oh, you think so, mate? I hadn't realized. I thought our hairy friend here was friggin' meditating."
"You always have a choice, Dean," Cas says emphatically, because free will is a pet cause of his and he resents that Dean would think he'd take it from him.
Dean finds himself quietly raging at memory-Sam for suggesting something so stupid. "Be happy." What a load of shit. How dare he. Dean doesn't want to be happy, he doesn't want to love or feel or recover. He wants to soak in his own misery like a cockroach in its own filth and memory-Sam can just shut the hell up for suggesting otherwise.
Inside the house there's a flicker of lights as someone walks into a different room. The front windows illuminate and Dean fights the jerk of "run, you bastard!" instinct that overtakes him.
Cas is only trying to be hypothetical, but Dean flinches like a child expecting to be struck and makes the angel regret this method of argument. In all honesty, Castiel had not expected that it would be such a chore convincing Dean to let him rescue his beloved little brother.
Castiel tolerates harshness from few in the world besides Dean. Still, he thinks that his human’s turmoil has earned a place at their table, so he presses past it.
Nodding his head to one side, Crowley shrugs. "The Cage is in a nasty part of Hell. Very low property values, shitty cell service, and no massage parlors for miles around. It's not easy going down there. I'd rather risk someone else's pretty neck, if I can help it."
Cas thinks that this is the right combo. He hopes it is. There's tomato, no onion and extra ketchup, all from some seaside shack called "Johnny's" in Delaware. He's carried this greasy bag of french fries and grilled meat and damp bread halfway across the country, and even being able to snap in and out of existence doesn't make the package any more savory.
Castiel doesn't like to do this. He'll use his grace for just about anything - healing aneurysms, fetching holy artifacts from halfway across the globe, fixing light bulbs - but hiding in plain sight doesn’t feel right to him. It never has. He’s grossly violating someone’s trust by standing right next to them and spying without their knowledge.
Dean snorts in his sleep. A grubby hand swipes at a dreamed-up monster before he collapses back into a huddled ball. His fingernails are dirty, and the humid air in the tiny room is thick with the smell of sweat and dirt and liquor and misery. Filth and failure.
"Ha! You want to take your boyfriend on a little vacation, is that it? Can't say I'm surprised. Seems awful formal for a hussy like our boy here, though. He'd probably give it up for a Little Debbie. An exclusive trip through Hell probably wouldn't be necessary."
This is normally the time and place when Cas’s wings would itch for him to fly. But he’s missed this, missed Dean’s company, missed the warmth of a living being with a soul (and Dean’s is a very warm one). So he sits at the picnic table with Dean until he finishes eating, and then he departs to his war-torn home in heaven.
Dean does not take it. There had been some hopeful light tinging his face, but it darkens the instant that Cas mentions Hell. Dean does not smile or nod or change his expression much beyond stony unhappiness. The cheap tin flask sloshes as Dean picks it up to finger the engraving, but does not drink.
The damp-but-bright white sign beside the porch light reads "Braeden." Lisa and Ben are just beyond it, Dean knows. He sees the car in the driveway and the bending of shadows behind the curtains that indicate someone is home. Two someones. The only someones Dean has left.
Sam's the only reason he doesn't. Not that instant, anyway. His brother's instructions hang heavy in his mind, vivid and dense, because they're the reason he's here.
Castiel feels his jaw tighten, his teeth grinding together and his vision narrowing as he glares at one of the dark, dirty corners of the hotel room.
Dean is staring at the tabletop, at the half-eaten mishmash of food framed in paper that must be stone-cold and congealed by now. After a few more tight grimaces and shakes of his head and a heavy sigh, Dean answers him. His voice is small.
"I've been down there. I know what it's like. That's too much to ask, even if you haven't shown your stupid face around here in half a year."
The color of Dean’s soul wavers as mixed emotions war within him. Dean scrubs one hand across his face, while the other is busy unscrewing the top of the flask that he's been holding onto like a beloved stuffed animal. He takes a swig, flinching as he does so, and Cas doesn't understand why Dean thinks he needs an excuse like whiskey to look so pained.
Dean chuckles like he doesn't mean it and rubs at his forehead. "You know what I mean. I can't let you get all the glory for dragging your sorry ass through hell to rescue
That's what keeps him still. That's what keeps one hand on the gearshift, far away from the keys dangling in the ignition. Maybe it's just never sunk in until now, but Dean ought to have figured out that the best he can do for the ones he cares about is to stay the fuck away from them.
It doesn't matter. Nothing much matters anymore. He can't tolerate more of this, so he snaps the Impala back into "drive" and begins drifting back down the street. A drink sounds good right about now. Maybe ten drinks. Maybe a drink for every stupid fucking thing he's done until his memory is wiped clean.
Finally getting somewhere, as they say! Another chapter is coming next week. Let me know what you think if you get the chance, but I'll see you then :)
"Cool it, Romeo. Sure, you can bring the weeping ape with you. But he’s not my responsibility if he goes mental down there. It's not a place for mortals."
Without a sound, Crowley swipes Dean's bottle of whiskey off of the nightstand and takes a whiff off the top. The face he makes is mired in disgust. Cas would be amused at the demon's distaste if it weren't for the circumstances.
Besides all that, Cas has come to realize he is not much of a commander. He wants his soldiers and lieutenants to think for themselves. He wants them to have opinions and use their free will, but the angels are few and far between who can handle such responsibility. Raphael does not share Cas's love affair with free will, and so forces his mooks to obey him ruthlessly and without question.
Cas tilts his head, letting the thoughts roll back and forth before he commits. “The Horseman rings, for one. Ammunition. Salt and holy water.”
"And I don't need to bang nurses. I do it because it feels awesome." Dean rolls his eyes at the distasteful look Castiel shoots him, and adds "Fine, I'll say a couple of Hail Mary's for committing the sin of being irresistible to women. Now cut it with the judgment act and just eat some of this, for crying out loud."
The burger has survived Dean's impromptu surgery, so he puts it back together and takes a bite out of the side that Cas would think could choke a man. Dean starts chewing and makes a satisfied noise that borders on obscene. At least the drama gives Cas a chance to formulate an answer for him.
"I am not looking forward to going to Hell, but I would like to have a partner. Someone who is familiar with the territory. Some back-up, as you might say. I am asking you for help, Dean," Cas says and means it. "I'm asking you to help bring Sam back. There are few other people I would involve in such an endeavor."
"Yes, I am." he says instead. "Dean is in agony. How he chooses to deal with it is not our concern."
"Pathetic, inn'it?" asks a voice, jaunty with a cockney droll that so well hides cruelty. Cas does not need to look to know that Crowley has joined him in the little room. He feels the crackling flash of cool blackness that hovers in the ether whenever a demon appears. His grace bears its teeth.
Dean, yet again, moves and groans in his sleep, and it is to this that Cas clings. Here's his newest project. This time when he sees his friend again, he will, at last, have something to say.
“Thanks. I gotta get some affairs in order, pack, you know the drill. Anything in particular you think we’ll need?” Dean asks.
"I do not think this plan is as ill-advised as you do. I have done it once before, after all. That rescue seemed to work out well for all involved," Cas says, trying a small smile to see if this will tide Dean over. With a self-conscious motion, Dean's hand wanders to the mark on his shoulder, but he drops his arm back under the table as fast as he'd lifted it.
“Mm.”  The handshake was prolonged, and Matt looked almost pleadingly at Dean, obviously at a loss and wanting help.  Dean simply shrugged as if to say ‘you’re on your own’.
.”  She grabbed one of Matt’s hands.  “Come on.”  She tugged him up out of his chair, a smile on her face.  “We have to fix that.”
Matt simply nodded, unable to speak.  The short walk home was a blur.  Dean had told him so many times that he and Castiel considered Matt to be part of the family, that he was welcome so long as he wanted it, and the rest of the family (Ellen and Sam, Bobby and Jo) had gently showed him this as well.  Still, he had never fully accepted it.  He had never been comfortable accepting it.  Ever since he had lost his foster mother, it had seemed that anything good in his life got ripped away from him mere moments after he had gotten it.  He was terrified to get his hopes up lest he lose this as well.  But it had been close to two months now and it showed no sign of letting up.  It really seemed as if the men were in it for the long haul.
Dean made a noise that could only be described as a whimper, and he struggled out of his pants so fast that he stumbled as he kicked both pants and underwear aside.  Cas chuckled.  “
The next morning, they woke up a little later than they had the rest of their days in England.  They wouldn’t be doing much today.  Their flight left in the late afternoon, so they were going to spend an easy morning and then head to the airport.  They had a nice breakfast, Dean enjoying his last pot of British tea (seriously, how did they make it so perfect every time?) before heading out to Portobello Road.
On the other hand, Matt also occasionally sank into long bouts of silence.  It would often happen after one of the angry flare-ups.  As soon as the anger started it would end, and Matt would fall into sullen silence.  But sometimes that silence would turn into a deep, empty hole, seemingly bottomless.  If you looked into his eyes, there was nothing there…..a hollow expression, emptiness.  Dean knew that look.  That was a look of complete and utter despair.  Matt was depressed, Dean was sure of it.  He just didn’t know how to broach the topic without upsetting Matt even further and pushing him away.  So for now he would simply keep a close eye on the boy, make certain he wasn’t going to hurt himself in any way, and hopefully soon Matt would feel comfortable enough that Dean could talk to him about these things.  If Matt needed to see a therapist, or be on medication, or both, Dean wanted to help.
It was a nice little place where the river branched off slightly, and slim tree limbs arched overhead, dappling the water in shade.  Dean set down his oar and looked to his husband.  “So?”  He arched a brow.  “You’ve got me alone.  What is it you’re plotting?”
Cas managed to bite back his laughter, but just barely.  Dean looked to him with a twinkle in his eye.  “Well, babe, how about we start getting dinner ready?”
Cas smiled.  “I’m certain you’ll recognize many of them.”  Blue eyes widened and he pointed.  “Look!”
Dean shook his head with a grin.  “Nope.”  He crawled into bed beside his husband.  “For now,” he added.  “He said he’ll stay for now.  But hey, I’ll take what I can get.”
There was a moment of shocked silence at that, and then everyone laughed, laughed at the eight year old who already knew this, long before the pieces fell into place.
It took over an hour before he was done with that house alone, closely examining each and every figure, reading every single word that was written.  And there was no way Cas would begrudge him.  Dean had been so very patient the past few days, letting Cas take as long as he wanted at every single art museum.  He knew that, though Dean enjoyed art, if he had his way, he would have been at each museum for probably half as long as they had been, but that he had stuck it out for Castiel’s sake.  There was no way Cas would do any less for Dean.
There was the sound of footsteps thudding up the stairs and then Cas appeared, paint smudged on his face.
Mary was smiling up at them.  “Have fun, Matt?”  She loved that Matt was dancing, though she was still frustrated that he wasn’t dancing with her and her classmates.  Matt nodded.
At that, Matt was on his feet, chair screeching on the floor as he shoved it back.  He was looking down at Dean with anger in his eyes.  “I don’t need you buying me anything!  I can….I can take care of myself!”
Dean glanced over his shoulder to where Matt was sitting at the table.  “Most nights, yea.  I’m better at it than Cas.”
(that one was super cool).  The museum was huge, so they were there for hours, but as always, Dean didn’t care.  Were it up to him, he would have left sooner, but seeing Cas so happy was more than enough to keep him happy.
“We’ll see.  We’ll be checking in with Charlie and Bela from time to time.  Your behavior may or may not have a direct effect on the size of your present.”
Cas pulled Dean closer, stroking his hair.  “Of course you couldn’t.  I’m glad you brought him here, baby.”
“Dork.  I know that.  I want to.”  He pulled away from Cas, shifting to all fours above the man, and gently tugged the slacks down just enough to free his cock.  Then he was leaning forward, swallowing him down.
“Problem?”  She arched a brow.  “What problem?  I don’t see any problem other than you harassing these poor boys.”
Matt nodded, eyes wide as he looked around him.  Dean realized that the boy must be even more overwhelmed than he was.  He doubted Matt had ever been inside a high school.  He might be wrong, but he didn’t think so.
help you.  I want you to move in here with us.  If you don’t want us to buy you things then let me help you find a job so you can help pay your way.  But at least move in here and off the street.  And know that if you can’t find a job, we’re more than willing to take care of you.  We WANT to take care of you.  And Matt?”  Still those dark eyes stared at Dean, so wary.  “There’s no shame in being taken care of.”
Cas laughed, a squirming Charlemagne in his arms.  In all honesty, the eight year old was too big to be held for long, but Cas was refusing to give up on it until it was absolutely necessary.  It would be, soon enough.  “Happy birthday, Mary.”
Matt’s face turned red instantly and he stammered, at a loss for words.  Charlemagne only beamed, slipping his hand into Matt’s again and tugging.  “Home!” he insisted.
Matt had been watching all of this very quietly.  Dean was worried that maybe it was pushing him away.  After all, who knows when he was last given a gift, if he ever was.  But then Mary was looking at the boy with a smile.
“You didn’t.”  The words were almost nothing more than air.  Then Dean was in Castiel’s lap, hugging him so tight that he was forcing all air from his lungs.  “I can’t believe you.  God, how are you so wonderful.”
As if on cue, the bright blue impala turned into the driveway, Mary and Matt in the front, Charlemagne safely strapped in the backseat.  The instant they parked, Charlemagne leapt out of the car and came running inside, straight into his older cousin’s arms.  Jared tousled his hair, laughing.
It was hard not to laugh at the expression on Matt’s face.  Where Dean had expected immediate resistance, Matt only seemed surprised.  “
Her mouth formed a tiny ‘o’ of remembrance.  “Oh yeah.”  Then she noticed Matt, smile lighting up her face.  “Hey, Matt!”
“Damn straight it does.”  Dean’s hips rocked down against the mattress of their own accord.  “Damn.”
It was all Cas could do not to laugh, remembering how Dean had said similar things after soccer practice back in high school.  Dean just shook his head.
Matt nodded.  “Got some new shoes.”  That was good.  The ones he had were nearly worn through, but he was still reluctant to let the two men buy much for him, and shoes were expensive.  Good ones were, anyway.
Mary’s hand fluttered to her heart in exaggerated horror.   She had also inherited all of her fathers’ drama.  “That’s a
Dean took a long swig from his water bottle, delighting in the refreshing coolness.  He watched Matt where the boy sat on the floor, taking off his dance shoes.  “You know, I think you’re ready to begin working with a partner.”
“In a month.  Plenty of time to plan.” Dean looked to his husband with a smirk.  “Make sure we don’t miss any museums.”  He laughed as Cas punched him.  “Hey, come on.  You know that’s what we’re going to spend 90% of our time doing.”  He immediately spotted the hint of anxiousness that creased Castiel’s brow and rolled his eyes.  “Cas…..don’t even start with me.  That’s the whole point of us going.  I WANT to take you to museums.”
“You know I do.”  Dean always loved it when Cas brought out the glasses and tie and put on the ‘Sexy Book Editor’ fantasy.  “But let’s save it for when we get home.  For now, I just want my husband.”
The two men had stopped in at their room for only a few minutes.  They had contemplated taking a nap to counteract the time-change, but both were too excited to sleep.  Instead they freshened up and headed out.  The hotel was only a few minutes’ walk from the Tate Modern.  That would be the first stop on the museum tour.  Their first stop in London.
.”  He gave Cas’ hand a tight squeeze.  Cas squeezed back, those three ‘I love you’ squeezes they shared, and Dean squeezed back ‘I love you, too’.
Matt looked unsure, clearly unused to this sort of attention, but he accepted the handshake.  “Nice to meet you.”
They were so occupied that none of them heard Mary until she entered the room.  “Hey!”	  Matt nearly jumped out of his skin.  Her smile was lighting up her whole face; she turned to her father, pointing at Matt.  “You taught him!”
Matt was silent for a moment, simply regarding Dean as he thought it over.  Then, he pushed back his chair and stood, returning Dean’s smile with a nod.  “Okay.”
Then Cas was smacking at Dean’s shoulder.  “Dean….Dean, stop.”  Cas’ voice was barely audible, so breathless, but Dean still heard him. Even so, the words didn’t register at first.  “Dean, stop!”
“Oh.”  Dean shook his head.  “I’d say you may as well just read with the light on, but that would only encourage you.  Seriously, start doing your reading at a decent hour or we’re going to take away your flashlight.”
Dean was on all fours in an instant, ass in the air, presenting to Cas.  He heard the sharp intake of breath from behind him and flushed with pleasure knowing that Cas appreciated the view.  Moments later, a hand teased lightly over his backside, stroking lovingly, almost reverently.
Matt and Charlemagne looked up.  The sheer happiness in Matt’s dark eyes nearly sent both Castiel and Dean reeling.  He had changed so much since he’d been there.  Dean couldn’t find his voice for a moment, too overcome to find words.  He swallowed with some difficulty, and cleared his throat.  “You having fun?”
The two men waited until they reached their bedroom before they spoke further.  Cas flopped onto the bed.  “Well…..what’s THAT about?”
Dean pulled back slowly, teasing his tongue along the vein on the underside of Cas’ shaft as he went.  “C’mon, babe,” he whispered, thumb brushing a drop of precum off the tip of his cock .  “Fuck my mouth.”
Dean took pity on the boy, coming to his side with a plate.  “I didn’t know what you like, so I put a little bit of everything on there.”
Matt simply looked at Dean for a long moment, a range of emotions passing over his face.  Then tears filled his eyes. "I...." he nodded.  “I want."
He nodded.  “I think you’re going to like it.  I hope you’re gonna.”  Reaching into his inner coat pocket, Dean pulled out a black envelope and gently slid it across the table.  “Here.”
He stared at Cas, dumfounded.  Cas had done this for him.  Cas had researched Elizabethan wedding customs and planned this out as a surprise for him, knowing how much Dean loved Shakespeare, knowing that Dean would love something like this.  Cas had done all this for Dean.
Cas laughed.  “Okay, guys, let’s all leave Matt alone.”  Matt mouthed a grateful ‘thank you’ at Cas, and he smiled in return.
Dean let out a bark of laughter.  Cas looked at him with a grin.  “What’s so funny,” he asked.  “She sounds just like you.”
“Kiss me again?”  But it was clear from the heat in his gaze that he had more than just kisses in mind. Cas could feel a tugging in his gut; his hand cupped the back of Dean’s head, pulling him in for a kiss.
Cas kissed him.  “You do bring it out in me.”  Grabbing Dean’s slacks off the bed, he shoved them at the man.  “Get dressed.  We’ve got food waiting for us.”
Dean glanced at the television, where John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John were still dancing madly.  “You guys are watching this
The music ended with a flourish and Dean couldn’t help but sigh with relief.  The studio may be air conditioned but it was summer, and it was still warm to be dancing.
Mary’s eyes lit up.  “Aunt Claire!”  She hugged the blonde, her mother by birth who had always been an aunt to her.  They were of a height but even so, Claire pressed a kiss to her forehead.
The coffee table is set up with snacks and drinks a plenty. A bowl of popcorn slathered in butter sat beside another bowl full of pretzels. A giant yellow bag of peanut M&Ms was perched between the two. With all the salty snacks Dean knew he would need something sweet to compliment it. He also knew he would be needing plenty of fluids. That’s where the two two liter bottles of soda came in. Dean squirms a little just thinking about his plan.
"Yes! You asshole!" Dean yelps, his arms giving out from holding himself up on the bed. He lays flat on his chest, ass in the air and one hand holding his poor confused penis through the diaper. His dick can't decide if it should be leaking piss or pre-cum at this point.
"It's not you I'm worried about," Dean manages. He knows he sounds slightly breathless, but with the way his heart is pounding, he considers it a pretty steady delivery.
Cas places the plate and cup in front of Dean and is gifted with an over tired dopey smile in return. He watches fondly as Dean drowsily eats his sandwich taking large sips of milk in between each large bite. He finishes the PB&J in record time and lays his head against the table.
"Do you want to put this on before we go?" Cas asks. And yup. He's pulled out a diaper from the confines of his coat. Dean flushes red and ducks his head trying to at least act like he's searching the duffle for something.
“No,” Cas agrees. “You’re not. I just know it was difficult for you last time. Dealing with the straps.”
Dean sits down and moans at the feeling of the soggy diaper mushing against his skin. It’s still warm and envelops Dean’s bottom like a little hug.
“Ugh, fuck!” Dean shouts. He snatches the packet of diapers from Cas and stands up. “Fine. Just for today. But I’m not letting you change me.”
Two swift knocks to his door let him know Cas was waiting outside. He opened the door letting a huge smile come over his face.
Dean awakens from a truly blissful dreamless sleep. He hasn’t slept that well in a long time. And right now he’s really wishing he never woke up.
He kisses Cas deeply sucking on his bottom lip. Cas grabs at his thickly padded ass clutching the material roughly. Dean sucks at Cas’ neck leaving a wet red mark before moving his lips to Cas’ ear.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas apologizes sincerely. “I can stop if you would like. I know how insecure you can be about your diapers.”
Cas chuckles at him placing a hand against his bladder and rubbing in small circles. Dean nearly collapses when he groans at the touch.
Cas hums his hand back to fiddling with the plug inside Dean. "You think you can push this out for me without wetting yourself?" He asks.
Dean’s world goes a little fuzzy for a moment. He buries his head in the bedding and lets his heart rate steady before even attempting to comprehend what just happened. He flexes his thighs together to feel that thick padding in between them. It punches another gasp out of him and makes his spent cock stir. That traitor. Cas is there. He hasn’t let go of his hand. He gives it a squeeze and Cas squeezes right back. Slowly, he comes back to himself and shakily turns onto his back.
It’s Castiel’s turn to gasp as he captures the beauty that is Dean Winchester, glistening with oil, opening himself up for him, silently begging to be taken. It’s an awkward angle, Dean flat on his belly on the bed and Castiel awkwardly smooshing his chest down so he can meet Dean’s plump bottom. It’s awkward but romantic.
Cas warms the oil up in his hands before gently kneading his hands up and down Dean’s back. He’s gotten pretty proficient at massage thanks to several YouTube tutorial videos. He advises Dean to take a few deep breaths as he applies light pressure.
“Fuck,” Dean moans arching his back as Cas begins to slowly jack him off. With Cas’ hand around his cock he’s decide he’s safe to be candid. “It-it’s the diaper.”
The stream goes on for what feels like ages the diaper saturated and sagging between Dean's thighs. It doesn't leak but it's the wettest Dean's ever been and Cas has never felt hotter. He grabs Dean roughly and throws him down onto the bed before thrusting into him deeply.
Dean squeezes the wheel and forces his eyes open as Cas rubs his wet padded crotch. His dick is hard and straining against the cooling diaper.
“Oh my God,” Dean gasps. His breathing is heavy and he blinks multiple times trying to focus on the road. “I’m okay. I’m okay. Drive Dean. Just drive.”
Cas wasn’t always perceptive when it came to human emotions, but sometimes he could read Dean like a fucking open book.
“No,” Cas answers like it was a sincere question. “But I am concerned for you. Holding your urine in for long periods of time is not healthy.”
There was a soft knock on Dean's door as he was packing up his duffle. Cas peaked his head inside announcing his appearance before making his way to sit beside Dean on the bed.
“I suppose,” Dean mocks lightheartedly. He lets a hand stray under the blanket and into his pants rubbing at his padding. It crinkled loudly over the sound of the movie. Dean’s toes curled inside his fuzzy socks.
Dean shuffles on his knees towards Cas and lets the angel guide him onto his cock. The extra padding at his front rubs against Cas' bare stomach when he moves.
“You could say so. My brother Raphael has become displeased with the lack of power he possesses. I have been trying to stop him from getting out of hand," Cas says evenly, selecting his words with all the precision of a sniper.
"What?" Cas growls, still not turning. Dean cannot hear them and continues his fitful sleep. He shifts restlessly and kicks at another empty liquor bottle on the bed that Cas had not noticed before.
"I'm sorry for my delay in returning to you, Dean. I would have come sooner if I'd thought there was anything I had for you. But now I do. I expect it will be very difficult, not to mention dangerous. But, yes, I think Sam may be retrievable." Cas steadies his gaze, avoiding Dean's question about this being a "trick" because really it is not. Everything he's said has technically been true. He's just been fuzzy about his details and left out any mention of Crowley.
This is not the casual "thanks" of a door held open or a post-sneeze "bless you." Castiel hears gratitude bordering on worship in Dean's tone, and he knows that Dean is not so shallow a man to be this thankful for a hunk of deep-fried gristle. The hunter has been lonely.
Castiel does not relish these visits. Each one is becoming more morose. Each time he sees Dean from behind his ethereal shield, his friend wears thinner. His shirts do not fit. He wears his clothes until they are so dirty the colors don't show, and then instead of washing them he steals new ones from the lost-and-founds of YMCAs. At least once, Cas knows, Bobby has sent the Winchester away on account of his drinking and refusal to move for days at a time.
There is a younger, more bitter part of him that resents this. "Brainwashing" is what the Winchesters would call it, these ethics that heaven instilled in him before he was wise or strong enough to think for himself. The things he does now are things he must do for the greater good, ancient morality be damned.
Across the picnic table, Dean's jaw twitches and he looks away, down at the woodgrain, over to a clump of scraggly trees that line the motel courtyard. He isn’t breathing so much as he’s huffing. When he speaks, his voice is low and much steadier than before.
"I'm an angel, not the messiah," Cas says. He keeps his distance, shifting the paper bag in his arms.
This vocal fixation on excrement is one that Castiel doesn't appreciate, but he nods nonetheless. "Of course. Whatever you need. I can be ready to leave at any time.”
"What we need is a human hunter. A Winchester, to be exact. They're the best in the business," Crowley says, the way he might speak fondly of a tenacious breed of dog.
If Dean notices his inner conflict, he gives no signal. Dean seems to have forgotten where he is. His eyes cast downward, then back up at Cas, searching his face for any sign of a caveat.
Cas folds his hands in front of him and looks at Dean straight on, wanting to make sure that there's no confusion.
"Yeah, whatever," Dean waves a hand at him before he sets his jaw and his expression hardens. "I can't say I'm thrilled at the idea of taking a road trip through my worst nightmares but...I'll come with you. For Sam's sake, if not yours."
For an instant or two Cas is surprised, because Dean can hardly keep himself clean, let alone lend a hand in heaven. Castiel has seen this human paradox many times among Winchesters. They never want to fix things so badly as they do when they themselves are broken.
Is this a plea or an accusation? Cas has no idea. Dean has never been easy to read. Even the colors of his soul can be infuriatingly vague. These months of separation and binge-drinking have made things much worse. Both of their voices are harsh with disuse and their eyes weak from exhaustion and Cas feels like they are speaking through a veil.
Something does shift, and it's not the Impala. A bulky shape comes to the front window - one that's wide at the top and bare-headed enough that it can only be a man - and shuts the front curtains. The meager light that had been leaking out onto the street vanishes, and Dean can hear the faint sound of laughter as someone else clicks off the porch light.
"Help" is the word that Dean falls for. None of them like asking, none of them like begging for assistance. Cas, too, feels the pang of helplessness that accompanies his request, but taps it down because he thinks that Dean would be even more resentful if Cas had gone alone without consulting him first.
"Need any help with it?" Dean asks, his eyebrows perked and looking awake for the first time in the conversation.
Dean's overstimulated cries is what does Cas in and he releases deep inside Dean with a shouted moan. He rolls off Dean and lets Dean snuggle in next to him, both still panting hard.
“No, it’s not weird,” Castiel assures Dean. “It is totally normal. Some people want to be changed straight away, but others like the feeling of a wet diaper.”
“Are you doing okay?” Cas asks his voice huskier than usual. Perfect. Everything was going exactly as Dean had planned. All Dean needed to do was get Cas hot and bothered before leaving him all alone to take care of his little problem himself. Just like Dean had had to do.
"You're so perfect, Dean," Cas cries. His balls tensing up signaling his orgasm. "You feel so amazing around me. So warm and tight."
This time though he’s take a little off guard. He was in pain. A considerable amount of pain. His groin and lower stomach kind of felt like they are on fire. It’s nothing he can’t handle, but that didn’t mean it doesn’t hurt.
"Dean," Cas' deep voice calls into the room followed by a sharp gasp and the door being hastily shut and locked.
The two lovers are engaged in an intense staring contest when the growing sound of footsteps causes Dean’s hand to fly out of his pants.
“Fuck,” Dean curses as soon as he reaches the parking lot. “I’m still going. Oh my God. There’s so much.”
Dean nods humming along to the song as he wills himself to just pee already. He can feel the exact moment it happens. The release. It feels like a high.
He’s just breached the Pennsylvania border when his phone rings. It’s Cas’ ringtone which brings a small smile to his lips.
Cas works his hands over the tense muscle using his body to ease the knots that have built up over the past few days. He pays special attention to Dean’s upper back which can grow stiff from driving, moving his hands in gentle circles. Dean’s putty underneath him after only fifteen short minutes humming happily and drooling just a little.
Castiel and Dean have learned a lot about each other since Dean’s started wearing diapers during their trips. Dean learned that Cas really loved to watch Dean lose control in his diaper and Cas learned that Dean really loved to let Cas know when he was about to lose control.
“Alright,” Dean interrupts Cas’ retelling of a particular scene Jack had found hilarious. “I’m about to head in so-“
“You should go now,” Cas whispers through the phone. Dean feels his neck flush and his stomach flutter. “There’s no need to worry, sweetheart. No one will notice and I’ve gotten you only the most absorbent padding so you won’t leak.”
Dean had been rearranging the refrigerator to make room for the jambalaya.  Now he turned around, head tilting curiously.  “Money?”  Benny nodded.
“Oh, God.”  Cas’ voice was barely more than a whisper.  “You’re beautiful.  God, you’re so beautiful.”  His hand vanished from Dean’s cock and moments later he let out a moan.  Dean realized that Cas was licking his hand clean and a shiver went through him, his spent cock twitching at the knowledge.  A final thrust was all it took and Cas was burying himself deep inside Dean as he came.  Thoroughly exhausted, the two men collapsed together onto the bed.
And Mystic Aquarium is awesome.  My mom chaperoned my field trip there when I was a kid and got our group to behave by bribing us with ice cream.
Despite how long it had been since the two had graduated, Dean remained close with their high school English teacher.  He even helped her organize and chaperone field trips to various outings (usually plays), and the two often got together for a cup of tea and some scones (baked by Dean).
Dean stared as the words sank in, as that same night replayed in his mind.  Then he gave a yank and pulled Cas into him, a hand slipping into that constantly messy brown hair as he kissed his husband deeply, pulling away with a breathless, “I love you so much.”
Charlemagne had been watching all of this with confused interest.  “Someone else is gonna live here?”
“Well,” he spoke up.  “How bout we all go to the Roadhouse for dinner tonight?  To welcome Jared home?  You’re not working tonight, are you, Matt?”
Cas opened his mouth but nothing came out, too surprised.  Finally he managed a “hey,” moving forwards to kiss the top of Dean’s head.  “You two having fun?”
Benny offered the Tupperware to Dean.  “Brought you a little something from the diner.”  Shortly after Chaz was born, Benny had finally managed to make his dream come true: he had opened his own restaurant.  Nothing fancy, more comfort food than anything else, but damn was it delicious.
Dean’s heart ached at the memory, the pain in Matt’s voice as he had spoken of the woman who had cared for him.  “Definitely.”
Dean managed to bite back his laughter.  Matt still always did this.  He never wanted to show that he cared too much about anything.  Dean was all too familiar with the practice.  If you pretend you don’t care, maybe you can trick yourself into thinking you actually don’t.  Then when you lose everything, it won’t hurt as bad.  He remembered how that felt, and his heart ached for Matt.
“Hey!  Behave like ladies!” Dean attempted to sound stern but knew he failed pathetically, especially when he saw the looks the girls gave him.
Taking a deep breath, Dean picked up the phone and dialed Charlie.  It didn’t seem likely that she would say no, but he was anxious all the same.
he bought us ice cream.”  Mary smiled up at Matt.  “Because he’s sweet.”  He flushed pink beneath that charming smile.  Cas bit back a chuckle.
Mary glared at the two men for a moment before grabbing the shoes from Dean and flouncing off to her room in a huff.  Dean just shook his head.  Cas smiled at him.  “She’ll get over it.”
Cas arched a brow in that way that Dean loved….. the dombrow, he called it.  It always showed that Cas knew he was in control and wanted to know why anyone would question that fact, and it almost always spoke of delicious fun ahead.  “Are you telling me what to do, Dean Winchester?”
As she headed to the door to pick up her backpack, her eyes set on Matt.  “Matt!”  He blushed under the attention, as he always did, and she smiled at him.  “Are you gonna come back down to the house with us?”
“Me too.”  Suddenly, Dean started laughing.  Cas looked at him in surprise, but Dean didn’t answer, couldn’t answer.  Cas turned to see what had made him laugh so much and…..
, Dean felt so good.  He always did, arms around Cas’ neck, legs around his waist, and that tight heat of his body slowly driving Castiel out of his mind.  It wouldn’t be much longer now.  He could feel himself losing control.
“Yea.  Mom died and dad became pretty much the world’s biggest douche.  We moved at least once a year.  He was always drunk, never fed us.  I spent all my time hustling pool and…other things…so I could afford to feed and clothe Sammy.  Finally, my senior year of high school, he moved us here.  He had known Ellen in high school.”
France and Italy are beyond my control, since I've never been, so that will all be research, which I'm doing currently.^^
“Ah.”  Sam watched Matt take down another order, gathering menus and returning to the kitchen, and he smiled at his brother.  “You done good, Dean.”
Dean looked inquisitively at his husband.  “How about you?  You wanna stay?  Maybe play the piano for us?”
’ was one of Dean’s favorite paintings ever, and he was amazed seeing it up close just how detailed it was.
Dinner had been fairly basic—spaghetti with meatballs—but it had been good.  They had praised Matt’s cooking and he had naturally blushed, as he was prone to do.  Chaz very proudly told them that he had helped roll the meatballs and they had praised him as well.  Now, thoroughly stuffed, they had adjourned to their room for the night to give the kids some space while they began planning their trip.
“Everybody ready?”  Dean got a variety of answers in return.  He clapped his hands together with a smile.  “Then let’s go!”
Cas shut the bathroom door behind them and Dean flopped against it, chuckling to himself.  “What,” Cas smiled.  “What’s so funny?”
So Dean had been right.  The two teens were about the same age.  “Not much older than Mary.  So you read it later, then.”
Matt glanced at his mostly empty plate.  “Alright.”  Sinking into his chair, he sat and resumed eating.  Dean sat down across from him, trying hard as possible to keep his eyes on his computer and off of Matt, not wanting to freak the boy out with his attention and smiles.  It was looking more and more like he was succeeding in getting Matt off the street.  If anything, he was at least helping him.  And that was everything.
“Well, I was wondering….do you think we might be able to find her somehow?  I mean I’m guessing there was a reason he left, so he probably couldn’t go live with her again, but if he could at least get in touch with her…..do you think he’d like that?”
“I’m gonna get him set up on the couch downstairs,” Dean said.  “Think you could maybe grab some extra pajamas for him?  Maybe a toothbrush?”
Dean’s heart was flying; he couldn’t wait to tell Cas.  He looked to his brother with a proud smile on his face and nodded.  “Yea,” he said.  “We do.”
Dean didn’t know if Mary could look any more shocked than she did at that moment.  “…okay,” she said at last.  But despite her obvious surprise, she smiled, and it was clear that she wasn’t upset…..just taken aback.  “I’ll see you later, yeah?”  Matt managed a nod, and even a smile.  “Goodnight.”  And with a wave to the others, Mary took her little brother’s hand and they left.
“Yea.  Good.”  Dean shifted, trying to get closer, and Cas obliged, tugging Dean into his customary position with his head tucked up under Cas’ chin.  “Hey….do you think Matt wants to dance?”  But he didn’t give Cas a chance to answer, barreling on.  “I mean he always wants to sit in and watch, and not just Mary and the other girls.  Me and Cindy, too, and even just me on occasion.  I mean he claims to just want some company but I’ve caught him watching when he thinks I’m not looking, and I see him checking out my shoes.”
Cas looked completely taken aback; then, a laugh burst forth.  “Yes, sir.”  Leaning over the side of the bed, he began rummaging around in his suitcase for the bottle of lube stashed there.
Dean headed down the stairs.  Matt was sitting on the edge of the couchbed.  He still looked slightly ill at ease, even though he had been there over a month now.  “Hey.”
Cas smiled as he watched Dean head off to purchase the hats.  They had found Bela a gift at the Tower (a gorgeous necklace like those signature ones worn by Anne Boleyn with the ‘B’ on them).  They had to keep an eye out for something for each of the others.
Their third day in London was rather different than the first two.  They didn’t go to a single art museum.  Instead, they opted to spend the day exploring the Tower of London.  Bela, being both a major history nut AND British, had threatened them with bodily harm if they didn’t stop by for at least a few minutes.  Not that she really had to; both had been interested in going.  There was so much wonderful history there.  This was where so many fascinating individuals had been imprisoned and (generally) put to death, people such as Sir Thomas More and Anne Boleyn.  Dean was particularly interested in the crown jewels.  Not in the items themselves, but their history.
With a fluttering wink, Tessa left.  Chrissy let forth a burst of giggles that she had been holding back behind both hands.  Even Mary looked as if she were trying not to laugh.
“I know.”  Cas stroked Dean’s hair softly, soothingly.  Then:  “…..does this mean we might have another kid?”
Cas gave Dean’s hand a squeeze and they headed down the street together.  They still had plenty to do that day.
“Oh.”  There was an expression on Matt’s face…..a faraway sort of look in his eyes.  Dean recognized that look.  That was the look of someone coming face to face with a family that was everything he wanted and was certain he would never have.  He had to make Matt stay, he
Castiel arched a brow.  “Be grateful we’re not making you stay home from your sleepover tomorrow night.”
“Because I know what it’s like to be where you are,” Dean answered.  “I know how desperate you have to be to put yourself out there like that.”
“Okay.”  Dean gestured to the car.  “I’ve got a husband and two kids, but we have a pull out couch you can sleep on, and in the morning, there’ll be plenty of breakfast.”
Castiel groaned.  He had never been a morning person, and with the time difference, it was really not going well for him.  But today was the day they went to Stratford-upon-Avon.  Today they went to see where Shakespeare had lived.  And that required travel.  Travel meant getting up even earlier than usual.  “I’m up, I’m up.”  He rubbed blearily at his eyes, sitting up, and blinked in surprise at the sight before him.
.  It had once been a haberdashery, and the pub area still held hats that had been created there, carefully preserved and displayed in glass cases.  There was also a mural on the ceiling in the dining area of the original illustrations from
And he did.  From there on, there were no more incidents, and the ride became much more relaxed.  They popped a cd into the player and sang along to the words, talking and laughing through the rest of their trip.  Still, despite being an easy trip, they were both relieved when they arrived.  Well….maybe Cas was relieved.  Dean immediately began practically bouncing off the walls in excitement.  Castiel was amazed he had remembered to put the car in park before jumping out of it.
Titus Andronicus is amazing and anyone who says otherwise needs to stfu right now.  Seriously.  I will fight you.
Dean put the last dish in the dish drainer and shut off the water.  He had taken this Thursday off from writing for once and spent the morning relaxing, the afternoon cleaning.  Only too often Castiel would do the cleaning while Dean was sleeping off a night of writing, insisting later that Dean needed his rest and that Cas could do the cleaning.  Dean wanted to take care of it this time, give Cas a chance to rest.  He smiled as he looked around the kitchen, gleaming with cleanliness.  Cas should be happy.
Rolling his eyes, Cas gave him a shove.  “Will you get going?” He watched Dean vanish from sight, shaking his head with a smile.  He poked around the shop.  It really was an amazing place, with such a wonderful selection, and so much history to it.  Then something brushed up against his leg and he started, looking down to find a black dog wagging its tail at him.  “Oh.  Hello, there.”
Dean somehow managed to stifle the laughter that tried to burst free, to hide it behind a façade of anger, nodding in agreement as his husband ordered “okay, young lady, go to your room.”
The little boy looked up at Matt, his eyes wide, lower lip trembling, and Matt felt such a deep surge of hatred for the librarian.  How dare he make Charlemagne feel this way.  “Chaz, stay right where you are.”  He stepped forward, getting right up in the man’s face.  “You leave him alone.  This kid is going to stay at the computer until he finishes what he’s doing.  If he wants to sit there and play games for three hours, that’s what he’ll do.  He checked the computer out, and now it’s his.  So how about you go find someone else to bother?  This kid is off limits.”
He felt his softening cock slip from Cas’ mouth and he flopped bonelessly onto his back, chest heaving.  “Wow.”
“Castiel and Dean,” the priest spoke up, and Dean realized with a start that they hadn’t quite finished, “today you have renewed the vows you made to each other on your wedding day.  You have symbolized the renewal of the marriage union by the joining of hands and the taking of vows.  It is with pleasure that I conclude the ceremony of renewing the vows of marriage that joined you and forever binds you as husbands.  You may kiss!”
With another kiss, Cas shut off the light and lay back, tugging Dean into his arms.  It wasn’t long before they fell into a deep, contented sleep.
Castiel’s fingers danced over the piano keys, playing the soft music of Erik Satie.  Generally when he came here it was simply to supply background music for the students while they danced.  It gave him a chance to fiddle about on the piano and play whatever he wanted.  When the students were working on actual pieces, he would play the music for them.  At the moment, the girls were only practicing moves, no routines, so he could do as he wished, and right now, he felt like playing Satie.
”  Her face was aglow with excitement.  He nodded, and if possible, she hugged him even tighter than her father had.  “Thank you,” she whispered.
Dean liked anything and everything.  Mary was picky, preferring it plain.  Cas and Charlemagne usually went for pepperoni.  And, unsurprisingly, Matt said he’d eat anything.  It wasn’t surprising the boy wouldn’t want to make waves.
Mary’s mouth immediately closed like a trap, but the anger was still there, simmering behind her eyes.  She shouldered her bag again and turned away, mumbling something under her breath.  Cas stopped her in place with one hand on her shoulder.
Claire tucked a lock of Mary’s blonde hair (so like her own) behind her ear.  “Doing well in school?”
Dean grinned.  “Practically jumping off the walls.  I think half of it is nerves, but he’s definitely eager to begin.”
“Okay.  Well, how about we find you a job, then.  My mom owns a roadhouse.  We could talk to her this morning….see what she thinks about you waiting tables?”
Castiel was smiling so wide that his cheeks ached.  “Oh, good.  Well, I don’t know exactly where to begin looking.  I mean we know his name, so that’s a good starting point.  I don’t know if any social services would give me information on a former client but I can try.  In the meantime, if you could gently try to get the name out of Matt, do that.  Don’t push him….wait until I talk to social services.  If they won’t help me, we’ll ask him.  But I’d rather not get his hopes up only to find out we can’t make it happen.”
Then they got inside and green eyes widened in shock.  There on the wall was a painting he knew all too well.  “Salvador Dali!”
"You were mad then. I was worried." Dean sidled closer, wrapping his arms around Cas' waist and leaning into him. "I laughed shortly afterwards, if you remember."
“My dork of a brother is supposed to go on a field trip today and never got his permission slip signed,” she explained.  “And it’s missing.”
Holding Charlemagne’s hand, Cas followed Dean to the kitchen.  “I’d say something rude in return, but you were kind enough to make the eggs for me, so I suppose I have to be nice.”
Castiel gave the envelope a gentle shake and two tickets slid into his hand.  He looked closely at them and then his eyes went huge and round, mouth falling open.  He looked up at Dean in utter shock.  “You…..London?  You’re taking me to
Cas laughed softly at the surprised excitement in Dean’s voice.  “Yup.  You want me to take your picture with it?”
Cas chuckled.  “You getting riled up, baby?”  He teased his fingertips over Dean’s throat, making his way down to circle a nipple, delighting in the resulting gasp.
“No, I mean it.”  It was so strange.  Matt was normally open and warm emotionally, but he was still soft-spoken, but now he was opening up, the words flowing.  “That night you picked me up, Dean, you told me I could stay as long as I wanted.  I didn’t believe you.  I couldn’t.  I mean, I never…”  They both understood without him explaining, knew how much a history like Matt’s could damage his self-esteem and the kind of outlook he had on life.  He shook his head again.  “I never had anyone want me around other than…” his voice faltered.  “…my foster mom.”
Cas teased that third finger over Dean’s prostate and those hands released their grip on the pillow, flying to grip Castiel’s shoulders with bruising force.  “
Matt was silent, emotion warring in his eyes, pride and desire versus the desperate need for help, for a family.  At last, he answered.  “Okay.”
Dean rose to his feet, looking down at himself.  He was still in his pajamas and robe.  He chuckled.  He looked like Chuck.  Not a good pattern to slip into.  He ran a hand over his jawline but no, he was relatively clean-shaven, only a day’s growth of stubble, the light roughness that Cas loved.
"No." Dean grinned.  Matt’s eyes were now intently focused on his laps, cheeks flushed.  Dean took pity on him.  “You want to go get some dance shoes?  Or do you want to borrow some of mine and make sure you like it before you buy some?”
Normally the thought of a fourteen year old putting “the fear of God” into an seventeen year old would be funny, but this was Jared.  He took after his father in almost every way possible, including his height.  At fourteen years, he was already almost as tall as both Castiel and Dean.  “No,” Castiel said, ignoring his husband’s laughter.  “You’re not.”
He couldn’t help but laugh and he put on the deep voice he had done years ago while posing for the artwork Cas had painted back in college for the Greek restaurant, his first real job.  “The great god Apollo shall grant your request.”
Dean leaned up, hand tangling in Castiel’s hair as he stole another kiss.  That kiss turned into another, and still another, until the two men were lying tangled together on the bed, wrapped in one another’s arms.
Dean nodded.  It would mean putting Matt's lessons on hold but somehow he knew the boy wouldn't mind.  “I figured that would give you time to clear your schedule.  Is it enough?”
“Oh, hey, Matt.”  Dean tossed aside yet another book, managing to hit Cas in the head, ignoring the indignant “hey!” that resulted.  “You didn’t happen to see a permission slip anywhere while we were gaming yesterday, did you?”
Matt’s face had been strangely drawn with some emotion that Cas couldn’t quite put his finger on.  It had almost looked like pain.  But at those few words, shock registered.  “What??”  The word was weak, as though Matt were having difficulty finding the air to speak.  “You….you’re letting me stay?”
Dean leaned in and stole another kiss.  “Yea.”  He smiled.  “Let’s go see what our kids cooked for us.”
God, it felt good.  Dean would never tire of this, feeling Cas’ fingers in him, buried deep, stretching him open.  His fingers tightened around the pillow beneath his head.  Cas glanced up at him.
They all turned as one as Cas joined them.  Dean leaned in for a kiss.  “Hey, babe.  How was your day?”
Amazingly, she did as told.  Charlemagne went to bed without complaint, asleep practically before his head hit the pillow.  Matt had said goodnight as if it was second nature and headed right down to bed as though he did it every night, as though he were a regular member of the family.  It filled both men with happiness.
Cas chuckled at that face.  “Maybe.”  He leaned down so he and his son were eye to eye.  “So you’ve gotta be extra nice, okay?”
Dean bit back a laugh at the exuberance.  “Okay.  I’ll give her a call tomorrow and see when she’s available.”
“I remember.”  Cas still looked completely stunned.  “You….I can’t believe it.”  Dean opened his mouth to speak again but was silenced when Cas leaned in and kissed him soundly on the lips. It was long and deep and swept through him like a storm.  “You’re taking me to London,” Cas breathed, his eyes full of wonder.  Dean nodded.
They all looked to the doorway, where Charlemagne was standing, looking at all of them with his head tilted to one side in confusion.
If they lived anywhere else, the men might be worried about the boy in a room by himself, but their town was such a tiny, backwoods town, where the crime rate was null.  They couldn’t remember the last time anything bad had happened.  They locked the door to the building, and the studio was on the second floor.  Besides, to get to the room with the bed, you’d have to walk through the studio, so there was no way anyone was getting at their son.
“Hey, don’t knock it till you tried it.  They’re freaking awesome.”  Matt just wrinkled his nose and Dean laughed.  “Hey, at least I’m not as bad as Mary.  She likes pickles and honey.”
Dean danced around the living room with Charlemagne.  The boy had finished all his work early, so Dean had given in and agreed to watch
I'm so sorry this has taken almost a year to update.  I still haven't come to terms with losing my dad because I have disassociative seizures and if I think of him I seizure so I really can't think of him.  It's hard, and that's made it almost impossible to do anything.
It was well after lunchtime by the time they were done with Nash’s House (it had belonged to Thomas Nash, the first husband of Shakespeare’s granddaughter, Elizabeth Hall) and the place upon which lay the remains of New Place, where Shakespeare spent his last years.  The cottage itself had been torn down by the last owner in attempt to stop all the visitors from hanging around, but an Elizabethan knot garden and topiary still marked the spot.
He was not prepared for the mess of students that greeted them when they entered the building.  It had been YEARS since he was in school, and clearly he had forgotten just how crazy the halls got.  He looked to Matt.  “Stay close to me.”
“NO!”  It was then that he noticed the bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice by the bed.  He stepped closer to look.  There was a card with it, a simple word of ‘
Sam looked to Dean with a smile, taking in the sheer happiness on his older brother’s face.  “Looks like you’ve got a good one there, Dean.”
Dean had managed to make certain Matt would stay for at least a little while longer.  As soon as breakfast was over, he offered to wash Matt’s clothes.  In the meantime, Matt wore a spare set of Cas’.  Matt was shorter than both Dean and Cas by just a few inches. He was fairly close to Cas’ height but he still had to cuff the pants up ever so slightly.  It reminded Dean of Cas in high school and put a smile on his face.
He could see the lingering hesitation, the unwillingness to trust a stranger, and he completely understood those feelings.  Still, after a moment, the boy nodded and followed Dean into the car.
“Fine….I’m…I’m fine.”  But it was clear that he was anything but.  He walked past the two men, straight down the stairs to his room in the basement.
Cas nodded immediately.  Dean chuckled at the eagerness.  “Good.”  With one last kiss, he rose from the bed.  “Then let’s get ready and head down to breakfast.”
Cas returned, holding hands with a sleepy Charlemagne.  The excitement and adventure of the day was clearly catching up with him, and he was having difficulty keeping his eyes open.
Mary reached to the tray, for the wildflower Cas had placed there.  She plucked it from its vase and tucked it behind her ear, smiling at her fathers.  “Thanks, Things.”
Dean nudged the door open with his shoulder, tray in his hands.  Mary was buried under the covers, that head of messy blonde hair barely visible.  “Oi.”  There was a tiny grunt, and he chuckled, setting the tray down on her bedside table.  “Wake up, sleepyhead.”
The girl looked slightly surprised but that was it.  Honestly, her reaction didn’t come as a surprise to either man.  Mary had always been extremely accepting.  Add that to her knowledge of her father’s past and it made sense that she would accept a homeless boy coming to live with them.
“Settle down, Mary.”  Dean grinned.  “He’s not going to be dancing with you guys.  At least not right away.”  Matt looked gratefully at Dean, and it wasn’t hard to guess why.  If Matt still blushed merely
That made Dean smile.  “Yea.”  Then he frowned.  “I hope he decides to stay.  I don’t want him out there, homeless and selling himself.”
Matt’s returning smile was relaxed.  He was becoming much more at ease meeting Dean’s and Cas’ friends.  “Hello.”
Shock left Dean speechless, staring down at his husband.  Then, lust hit him so hard that he couldn’t even answer, mouth moving but no sound coming out.  “I….you want to….REALLY?”
It was from a book he had read about bridal customs of Elizabethan times.  The men would wear broom flowers tied about their arms.
With the teen’s help, they got all the groceries inside in one trip.  Jared set his bags down and leaned against the counter, watching as the two men began unpacking.  “Dad says he’s been with you for a couple months.”
Matt was sitting beside him, watching the dancers with wide eyes.  Castiel wasn’t surprised.  These girls were the same ones who had started taking Dean’s class as very little girls, the first students he had ever had, and by now they were quite good.  Lauryn had never taken to it and had dropped out after only a year, but Mary’s friend Chrissy was still here, and three other girls. Ava Wilson, Madison Vaugier, and the daughter of Jody Mills’ son, Lily Mills.  Dean had plenty more students, but they were in other classes.  These were the girls who had been here the longest and who were the most advanced.
“Right behind you.”  And Dean smacked Cas’ ass.  For a split second he felt horror overcome him.  For that second, that brief second, he had completely forgotten Matt was there.  Had he gone too far?  Would Matt be put off by what he had just seen?
If anything, the confusion only grew.  Matt looked to Mary, who had an expression of amusement on her face.
“I’ll give you a heads-up,” Dean continued.  "He’s a lot like me at his age.  Meaning he’s got a bit of an attitude.”
“I was hoping.”  Honestly, Dean was disappointed.  He thought Ellen would respect Matt more than that.
This time even Matt laughed, despite the pink flush in those cheeks.  Dean cocked a brow at him.  “You wanna shower first?”
Cas let Dean push the shirt from his shoulders and shivered when the man gently ran one fingertip down his spine.  That was it.  That was more than he could take.  He fisted his hands in Dean’s shirtfront and dragged him into another hungry kiss, pulling away to breathlessly whisper “then what the hell are we waiting for?”
Matt’s question and tone of voice made Dean laugh.  “I guess it is.”  He sat down, examining Mary’s slippers.  “Goddammit,” he muttered under his breath.  They were a mess, the pink satin stained from hours of practice.  “I told her three times to clean them,” he griped.  After another moment of irritated perusal, he shook his head.  “She’s gonna get it for this.”  Setting the slippers aside, he picked up a different set, these ones soft and black.
“Same.”  Cas wasn’t entirely certain how he had managed to change out of his clothes and into pajamas before crawling into bed.  “Worth it, though.”
“I know you do.  I just wasn’t sure how you’d feel about Lauryn staying with him.”  But Charlie brushed the concerns aside.
Cas settled in to watch his kids and the possible new addition.  Charlemagne was sitting quietly but happily between the two older kids as they looked over the movies, trying to pick out something to watch during dinner.  Cas was happy for the chance to watch them.  Dean had been alone with Matt all day.  It was nice to observe the boy for himself.
But it didn’t look as though Matt had heard a word he’d said, and it was easy to see why.  He had spotted Mary, and his gaze was fixed on her.  His dark eyes were wide, his mouth slightly open as if in awe.
“……Matt.”  It was Dean’s turn to be at a loss.  “Of course he does.  We all do.  Every one of us.”  Matt’s eyes were disbelieving.  It was painfully clear that he still didn’t think he was worth this kind of love.  Dean’s heart ached.  "Matt, Cas and I have told you before....you're a part of this family. As long as you want to be.  That hasn’t changed and it never will.  I swear to you."
Dean hadn’t realized just how pale the boy was until that moment when Mary’s words made him blush, that ivory skin going crimson.  He stammered, trying to find words, but none came.
Matt seemed to be struggling for words.  “….I….”  Finally, he settled for a very simple “…thanks.  For…..all of this.”
Castiel laughed.  “We do.”  Tilting his face up, he brushed his lips against Dean’s in a gentle kiss.  “I love you.”
I honestly hadn't intended this trip to happen....it just sort of evolved when I decided that Jared had been out of the country rather than off at school somewhere.  So look forward to some time alone for the boys while they're off in Europe!  As much as I enjoy writing them as a family, it'll be nice to get back to the story's roots and have them on their own.
Dean laughed and took Cas’ hand, dragging him down the hall to the bedroom.  Cas decided his husband was wearing far too many clothes.  Before Dean even had time to turn around, Cas was rucking the t-shirt up around his armpits.  Dean let out a little yelp of surprise.
“I can’t let you continue to do all this work and not give you anything in return!” Benny protested.
Dean gently massaged Castiel’s jutting hipbones with his thumbs as he bobbed his head up and down, swirling his tongue around Cas’ cock.  He loved the way that Cas always seemed to lose control during a blowjob, hips moving unconsciously, tiny little thrusts.  And his face…..Dean glanced up.  Yes, Cas’ eyes were squeezed tightly shut, lips parted as he panted.
A sudden commotion came from the rear of the room as petite blonde girl came out from the back, face lighting up when she saw who was there.  “Dean!”  She was at his side in an instant, squeezing him in a tight hug.
Dean had expected that.  He knew that getting Matt to admit he needed help was going to take a while.  “I know.”  He rose, moving around the table slowly, not wanting to anger Matt, to frighten him off.  “And if you don’t want us buying you anything, you can pay us back later.  Do chores around the house or something.  But you should have some more clothes. I really don’t want you back out there on the street, Matt.  And I know you don’t want that, either.”
He taped the diapers around his waist and chanced a look in the mirror. He looked absurd in a stark white diaper that made his butt look poofy. But, it didn’t feel that bad. The diaper was soft and fluffy. It was like getting a little hug around his bottom. It felt safe.
Dean flushes and takes a moment to really observe Cas. The angel is flushed, his lips swollen from biting at them, and he looks so proud.
“Yea-yeah,” Dean answers. He can always hear the crinkling. No matter how many times Cas reassures him it’s not noticeable. “It’s loud.”
With a smirk he whispers, “Payback.” He gyrates his hips once more before scampering out of the room leaving Cas absolutely wrecked and alone on the couch.
“I just pissed in a diaper,” Dean whispers to himself. “Fuck, Cas. I just pissed in a diaper and came from it. That can’t be normal.”
Dean’s grown hard in anticipation, his fingers curling in the sheets. He gasps when Cas’ hands open his cheeks revealing his pucker.
Cas chuckles taking a moment to relish in the way Dean cries out as he teases his slit, “Yes, it’s fluffier. Thicker. More absorbent.”
He ripped his pants and boxer-briefs off before he could second guess himself and tore into the package of diapers with his thumbnail.
He let Cas cuddle him all through the night. Let the angel rub his back and whisper sweet nothings in his ear. He loved cuddling usually. When they were at home, at the bunker, but when he was on a case he preferred to just be left alone. Well, not alone, but he didn't usually let Castiel get so close to him it fucked with his headspace. Cas understood, or at least he acted like he did for Dean's sake and always managed to keep his displays of affection to verbal gestures or extremely intense looks. He broke the unspoken rules that night though and Dean let him. Focusing on Cas' touch was better than focusing on the soggy diaper wrapped up in a plastic grocery bag in the motel trashcan. They had made it to their destination anyway he didn't need to worry about it anymore. Not until the next case that is.
Cas moves to Dean’s side wrapping an arm around his waist. He brings his lips to Dean’s temple ghosting light kisses over his skin.
Dean flushes brightly glad no one is in the car with him to see him transform into a tomato. He clears his throat nervously, “Yes.”
“You’ll have to relinquish the diaper, dear,” Cas jokes fondly. It’s then that Dean realizes he’s still got a death grip on the diaper.
Now that Dean's bladder has been voided he can finally focus on the intense pleasure Cas is giving him. Each thrust is hitting his spot expertly and his dick is straining inside his diaper begging to cum. Cas begins kneading the front of his diaper the thick padding giving Dean's cock even more friction, even more pleasure.
“Yeah’ ‘M in line,” Dean says. He’s behind a mom with a baby sitting in the cart. The baby is cute, friendly, she’s babbling and flailing her hands. Dean tries to not make eye contact with her but she keeps looking at him and waving. It’s like she knows.
“Just keep driving Dean,” Cas demands. His rubbing has picked up the pace and Dean’s pretty sure he’s never felt so aroused before. It almost makes him feel sick.
Cas’ stomach drops as soon as he hears Dean let out his tell tale groan. He’s over by Dean’s side as quick as he can, but he isn’t quick enough. Urine puddles to the floor around Cas’ shoes.
He gets back on the bed positing himself so he's face down with his ass up towards the door. His cock is so hard it's peaking out the band of his diaper and he has to push it back down.
“Yeah, just like this scene,” He huffs back. He just hopes Sam is thinking they actually are doing “hand stuff” this time.
“Cas!” Dean shouts frustrated but the call had already been disconnected. Dean glares at the phone and then at his crotch. What a fucking tease. He’ll have to get some payback after the hunt.
“Oh! Rocky,” Comes Sam’s voice. He comes into view, all 7ft and dumb looking hair of him, and sits himself on the recliner by the couch. “Love this movie.”
“Yeah, well I never wanted to be one of them!” Dean shouts working himself up over his shame and embarrassment over getting off on the act.
Sam’s eyebrows shoot up suspiciously and he eyes the blanket with hysterical concern, “You guys aren’t doing hand stuff under there right?”
"You're so sexy, Dean," He growls thrusting into Dean's willing hole. Dean's arms are around his neck holding on searching for connection. Cas knows how much physical reassurance Dean needs at times and leans down to kiss him on his plump pink lips.
“Dean,” Cas says his name firmly. Dean just juts his chin away refusing to look at Cas. “Dean look at me.”
“I love it,” Dean cries, his balls tensing up signalling his orgasm is nearing, and God there’s actual tears in his eyes.
“I know,” Cas whispers. “That’s why I have these. I don’t want you to be in pain and what you’re doing now it is not healthy.”
"Th-thank you. Hold my hand," Dean croaks. He's fully seated on Cas' cock his knees splayed at either side of Cas' thighs and his left hand secured firmly in Cas'. He lets out a sharp gasp as he finally lets his bladder go. Cas uses his free hand to rub Dean's crotch feeling the padding as it grows sodden.
“Cas, I fucking pissed myself like a toddler,” Dean growls. “I would have never done that if you didn’t make me wear diapers for your own fucked up enjoyment!”
With Sam having cleared the room Dean finally lets himself relax. His piss starts flowing freely, burning hot as it completely drenches his diaper. It feels horrible.
Cas could usually tell when Dean had to pee. Dean had some tells that he never really learned how to hide. The way he gripped the steering wheel just a bit tighter the usual being the most obvious one. Lately, though Dean’s been announcing when he had to pee and it sent electric waves right to Cas’ crotch every time he did.
“Nice to see you ditched the coat,” Dean laughs. Cas was clad in the clothes he had specifically picked out for tonight. Including dark green sleep pants with cartoon frogs on them and a worn AC/DC t-shirt.
“Why don’t you go get cleaned up while I make you something to eat,” Castiel suggests knowing Dean would much rather immediately go to sleep without so much as taking his shoes off let alone his diaper. Sitting in a wet diaper for too long was just no good on anybody’s skin.
“Mmhmm,” Dean hums. He’s contemplating it. Seriously. He does need to go and the thought of doing it right now makes his head go all fuzzy. He eyes the cashier critically as he hands her a $20 bill. She doesn’t look suspicious. She’s not even looking, concentrating on getting his change.
It’s only a few hours into their trip when Castiel starts to notice the tell tale signs of Dean’s desperation. He’s subtle that’s for sure. His brow grows the slightest bit harder, his hands clutch the steering wheel a bit tighter, and he starts to tap his left foot to the beat of the music. It’s no surprise he has to go. He’d guzzled down three coffees before they even left the motel.
“Roll over,” Cas demands and Dean complies quickly. Cas pats his padded before massaging it gently. “Hump the bed.”
“Dean, it’s okay. It was just an accident,” Cas ensures. He takes a step forward but stops in place when Dean cowers backwards.
"I love you too," Cas says softly. He pulls out slowly and turns Dean around to face him. Dean's face is red and tear-streaked. "You're such a good boy."
“Cas?” Dean croaks voice hoarse. He lets his bladder pulse gently before releasing a short spurt. The warmth is an immediate contrast to the cold damp already settled in the padding.
Sam doesn’t leave. Instead he shucks handfuls of pretzels inside his mouth and watches the movie as if he was ever invited. That wouldn’t be so bad usually but Dean had to pee and there was no way he was wetting himself with Sam in the room. No. Fucking. Way.
Cas is the one who picks up on it first, of course. The two are on a hunting trip with just themselves; Sam off on a separate endeavor with Eileen. They just pulled into a motel for the night and gotten settled in their room.
With one hard thrust Dean's orgasming into his diaper his lips desperately finding Cas' to kiss him as he releases. Cas kisses him back eagerly thrusting frantically into him trying to find his own release.
“Dean keep your voice down,”’Castiel advises. He can tell Dean wants to scream at him, to shout, to throw his chair right in Cas’ face. “If you yell you’ll wake up Sam and Jack. You don’t want them to see you like this do you?”
He stands under the stream of the shower, the water scalding, far too long before he even begins to clean himself. And he does clean himself. Thoroughly. He feels absolutely filthy and only a large amount of Bath and Body Works Champagne Toast will help clean him.
“D-don’t tease,” Dean scolds. He reaches back with his own hands and holds himself open for Cas. An offering.
Dean lets out an undignified whine suddenly becoming all too aware of the thick padding between his legs, “Yeah. ‘M wet.”
“I love you,” Dean whispers like a confession. It’s not the first time he’s said it but he’s feeling especially vulnerable.
“I dunno, while ago I guess. It’s all cold now,” Dean flexes his thighs and squeezes his asscheeks a bit just to feel the cold squishy padding against his skin. It made goosebumps raise up all over his skin.
“Good boy,” Cas says, tingles running down Dean’s spine at the praise. “Can you hear the crinkling?”
This was supposed to be fun. He just wanted to feel sexy and have a nice time. He just wanted to tease Cas a little in a way he knew they both loved. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.
They both learned that Dean loved wearing the diapers and it wasn’t long before Dean was even wearing them on the trip back to bunker too. In fact, he had one on right now.
“What the fuck?” Dean hisses defensively.  He can feel himself heating up with embarrassment. “I’m not a baby.”
“No. You are good,” Castiel tells him his voice just as steady and firm. “You’re tired and worked up and you had an accident and you’re good. I love you. Always.”
“I’m fine,” Dean grumps, flopping face down on the bed. “Besides, I’m not stopping. I’ve got places to be.”
Cas just kisses him on his gaping mouth, “Dean, my love, you do not understand how enticing you looked so desperate with Sam right here in the room and he had no idea. Absolutely none.”
“You were in pain yesterday, Dean,” Castiel reminds him. “A lot of pain. I know you tried to minimize it, but I felt it when I healed you. You are not allowed to harm yourself like this any longer. Not while I’m here. You have two choices Dean. Take some breaks or wear these.”
“Dean,” Cas whispers gently putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looks up at him his eyes glassy. “You’re not in the car Dean.”
Dean flops over like a Dean fish too tired to try to look sexy but Cas chuckles at his antics so he counts it as a win. He can hear Cas rifling through their bedside drawer where they keep their miscellaneous bottles of lotions, oils, and lubes. The smell is the first thing Dean notices. Pineapple. He smiles knowing it’s the edible massage oil they splurged on recently. It makes him even happier that Cas chose the pineapple one. Dean knows Cas prefers the taste of the banana oil but Dean cannot stand the smell of it.
Dean shucks off the sopping sleep pants with a grimace, feeling disgusted at himself. He didn’t understand how Cas could be so nice and fuck, now he’s out there cleaning up his fucking piss. It’s humiliating.
They pull into the bunker in the middle of the night and the air is dead silent. Both Sam and Jack must be tucked away in bed already. Dean trudges to the kitchen as though his feet are made from lead and quickly downs a cup of tap water.
“Eyes on the road, Dean,” Castiel reminds him. His husky voice quiet behind the blood pounding in Dean’s ears.
Dean returns wearing sleep pants with little cartoon doggies on them and a simple black t-shirt. His hair is still dry indicating he opted for what Dean refers to as a “bird bath” instead of an actual shower.
At Dean's pleas, the angel finally sinks in his balls meeting Dean's ass. He stutters his hips in sharp quick movements that make Dean's breath hitch with each thrust. With a hand gripped firmly in Dean's hair he leans over and growls, "Don't go until I say."
"Guess I'll put you out of your misery," Cas says. Dean hears the lid of the discarded lube bottle snap open and he nearly rejoices. Cas slowly edges the tip of his cock at Dean's hole circling his hips and teasing him.
It will never cease to amaze Castiel just what gets Dean's cheeks to color. His boy can be so insecure at times it breaks his heart. He squeezes Dean reassuringly, "It was amazing Dean. I loved everything about it."
“My good boy,” Cas whispers tenderly. He allows his hand to quickly jerk Dean’s cock until Dean’s toes are curling before he takes his hand away.
Cas swallows, he wishes he didn’t have to tell Dean this at all. He knows the outcome is only going to be nuclear. He takes a steadying breath, “You don’t have a diaper on right now, sweetheart.”
Cas snorts, “You always say it’s loud. Sadly, I’m not there with you to confirm if that’s not true today. Maybe it’s very loud right now. Do you think anyone can hear it?”
He flicks his tongue out again licking over Dean’s hole before circling it with his tongue. He swirls around it expertly, tasting the soap Dean used in the shower and the taste that is uniquely his own. Dean is moan softly humping into the mattress trying to retrieve more friction on his aching unattended dick. He grips his cheeks harder pulling them wider apart allowing Cas to get deeper into his hole.
It’s fine though. Dean didn’t need to pull into whatever grimy rest stop was closest. It was a waste of time. He could hold it. He was fine.
Dean grumps intensely at that last bit. He didn’t want to be insecure about them. He wanted to wear them and use them and not have feel constant guilt or fear over being exposed. He could do this. Besides, Cas’ attempts at dirty talk were kind of hot.
Dean kitten licks the slit all while maintaining eye contact with Cas. Cas liked to look in his eyes while he blew him. Dean always thought it was a little weird but it’s a lot less weird than diapers so he’s going to indulge his lover.
Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed cradling a square plastic wrapped package that looks suspiciously like adult diapers.
"You look so good like this," Cas moans. "Diapered and desperate to go. But you can't until I say so. Fuck."
He dresses himself in a worn t-shirt and his favorite sleep pants with little cartoon hot dogs on them. Underneath his comfy hot dog pants was a white fluffy diaper. The extra thick kind that drove Cas wild. The padding crinkled loudly underneath his loose pants making him blush even though he was still all alone in his bedroom.
“Seriously?” Dean snaps. The back of his neck heats up from embarrassment. He feels like a fucking chick. Only chicks get UTIs as frequently as he does. “I said we don’t needa talk bout this. Just let it go.”
Dean eventually relents after a tense moment of silence turning his head to just barely look at Cas.
They drive in a comfortable silence. Their hands interlaced and Dean’s body thrumming with a positive energy he hasn’t felt since the first time he bottomed for Cas.
“Hello, Dean. You said to call with any updates,” Cas reminds him as though he needs an excuse to call.
“Well, your brother is quite intelligent,” Cas chuckles fondly. “I’m sure he’s told you many times you aren’t taking enough breaks during your driving.”
He would know in a minute.  He heard the car pull into the driveway, doors shutting as his family got out.  Anticipation filled him as he waited for them to come inside, for Cas to see what he did.
She only laughed.  “It’s okay.”  Her gaze turned to the massive pile of books in his arms.  “And you’re intending to carry that around with you for the rest of the day, if I’m getting that correctly?”
He could feel Cas’ soft smile against his skin before Cas’ lips brushed another kiss against his cheek.  “You’re so sweet.”
to pick up all of Dean’s books.  Sylvia had packaged them so neatly that they were easy to carry.  They thanked her again profusely.  She asked Dean to write down the names of his books for her and he promised he would send her copies.  She seemed pleased by this.  Dean was over the moon when they left, heading down the road past the street vendors.
“Much.”  Dean nuzzled up beneath Castiel’s chin, kissing his jaw.  “Though I won’t be fully happy till I’ve got my feet on solid ground again.”
Dean snorted.  “Oh, right.”  Still, he kept his mouth shut until they had left the room.  “But seriously!  Colonel Tom Blood manages to steal the things, then when he’s caught he says he’ll speak to no one but King Charles II himself.  The king not only pardons him, but gives him land and even lets him hang out at court!  How badass is that?”
Dean pulled his shirt over his head.  “Was driving home from the mall and I saw him on the side of the road.  He was hooking.”
“It really is.” Still, he yawned.  Cas turned in his arms, stroking back that honey colored hair that he loved so much, beginning to gray at the temples.
Dean turned at the sound of his name to see Ellen behind the bar, waving him over.  He joined his majka, gesturing to Matt.  “He looks like he’s doing good.”
Not ten minutes later they were out the door and on their way.  “So, what shows are playing?  Do you know?”  Dean looked about them in confusion.  “Why’ve we stopped?”
Dean nodded.  “Yea.  I figured I’d do this early so that we could maybe explain the situation to Mary and see if she would mind moving things to the kitchen.  I don’t want to leave the room empty in case Matt comes upstairs.”
Castiel looked up at the sound of his husband’s voice, guilt on his face at being caught swearing.  Dean couldn’t completely cover up a laugh.  He moved to join them, looking down at the cards.  “Mary kick your butt?”
Cas was laughing.  Dean grinned.  “Grandpa Bobby found it for me.  It was a complete junk heap.  I’ve been working to restore it for almost a year now.”
“That works.  I’ll make sure Claire knows that Ash is welcome.”  Of all the strange developments in their life, the strangest may be Ash dating Claire.  He had also cut off his mullet and buzzed his hair short, which may be even stranger than the relationship.  But it suited him, and the two of them suited each other.  Still, it was strange how much things changed.
That app to upload record albums to your computer is real.  My parents gave me one and it's awesome.  I wish I could remember what it was called.  Then I obviously would have put the name in the chapter.
, one of the most famous bookshops in the country.  “Because both of us know you’ll buy an utterly obscene amount of books and then we’ll be forced to carry them around for the rest of the day.”
There's a part of him, too, that remembers that a normal, apple pie life is what Sam had always wanted. Dean can't sit quite right with the idea of having something his brother wanted so badly but never got. Not his dead brother, his gone brother, his brother tortured for eternity in the pits of hell that Dean knows so intimately and wouldn't wish on the sickest bastard in the universe, let alone his baby brother Sammy.
Dean swallows hard, chewing his bottom lip. "Yeah, but I thought you might need an organ sacrifice or a - a wendigo tail or help with a spell or something that I could freaking
And that aside, what could Castiel possibly do for Dean? The angel despises his impotence in the face of Dean's grief. So he hides, he watches, and tells himself that should Dean ever put a gun in his mouth or leap in front of a train, then that is when he will intervene.
"Cute, Cas. And if we all believe in ourselves and hold hands under a rainbow, we can solve world hunger and win a trip to Maui."
"Civil war is a terrible necessity. Even the finest soldiers aren’t meant to war against their brethren. If you've got something to tell me, then do it. Otherwise, I'll ask that you go."
The goal of getting smashed lodges itself firmly in Dean's thoughts, easy and familiar compared to his other notions such as "happiness" and "family." At least getting drunk is achievable - and soon, too, if he can find a liquor store still open.
There's a gasp of shadow and Crowley is gone. Cas's grace lets out a great sigh. Having the demon so close knots him up, it itches his spine and (for lack of a better term) ruffles his feathers.
"No. No. C'mon, Cas. You know I'd give anything...my life, my soul, this burger, all to have Sammy back. Don't make me rehash it. Please," Dean begs as he stares at Cas straight on, daring a fearful moment of eye contact. His gaze is damp and green, pierced with seriousness. "But you risking your skinny, feathery ass alone in the world's biggest torture chamber doesn't sit right with me."
"Yeah, I heard that part, smartass." All of the near-comatose good-naturedness that Cas has seen up until now vanishes, leaving Dean a shifting ball of tension. Cas is glad that he had the foresight to bring the Winchester a lard-soaked peace offering. "What about Sam? Spit it out, Cas."
For a second Dean manages to draw his attention away from his food, at least long enough to raise an eyebrow.
"Watch the tone, darling. You wouldn't want to upset your sweetheart after he's had such a hard day at work."
All of this quarrels inside Dean's sleep-deprived brain. It wars like Hell and Heaven, keeping him still and tense like a caged animal. He keeps watching Lisa and Ben's house through the murky rain, hoping for a glimpse of them proper, something that will be enough to shift him into action instead of sitting here on his ass stewing in his own melancholy.
“Well, I haven’t seen you in ages. I figured you were too busy taking care of your dickhead siblings to worry about what’s going on down here.” Dean’s smile wanes. “You're not the kind of guy to show up with presents just to shoot the shit, you know? Something's up."
"Yeah, well, I'd rather see you than some pretentious guy in a dress. How've you been, man?" Dean asks, settling back down into his spot on the picnic table. He reaches for his flask and begins screwing the cap back on, which Cas takes as an indication that he can move closer.
