“Who does he think he is? That boy has tangled with the wrong man! No one says no to Moriarty!” He growled to himself.
“This can’t be right. Where have you taken us, Phillipe? We’d better turn around … and … whoa … whoa boy, whoa Phillipe. Oh, oh! Lookout!” He yelled as a swarm of bats came from the trees and spooked Phillipe causing him to run to the edge of a cliff. “Back up! Back up! Back up! Good boy, good boy. That’s good, that’s--back up! Steady. Steady! Hey now. Steady.”
Lestrade pulled out a menu and showed it to John but before he could read the items, Lestrade closed it, and platers of food passed in front of him.
“It’s true, Anderson, and I’ve got my sights set on that one!” Moriarty said as he pointed at the figure of John.
John’s chair placed a napkin around his neck which he took and placed in his lap and continued to watch Lestrade dancing on the table.
“You always say that and yet you still decide to use it,” John said, picking up the stuff that had fallen off the counter in his dad’s tumble.
“Oh, your hands are like ice! We have to find a way to get you out of here!” John said ignoring his father and looking around the stairwell.
One morning, in a village far away from the cursed castle, a man named John Watson walked through town. Quietly wondering if there was something more to this life.
“Plenty. Here, picture this,” Moriarty grabs John and sits him down, “A huge house out in the hills, your father living the rest of his life in the tranquility of our home. Us cooking in the kitchen while a couple of our adopted children play in the front lawn with our dogs. Everyone is safe, protected, and happy. Doesn’t that sound good John?”
“Oh, I don’t know. It’s just that I’m not sure I fit in here. There’s no one I can really talk to and have a decent conversation with.”
“You’ll come out or I’ll- I’ll-,” Sherlock looked around and found the harpoon, “I’ll harpoon the door down!”
“Oh, I’ll give you a place to stay,” the beast said and grabbed the old man by the collar and started to drag him from the room.
“Good morning, John!” The baker called and John waved back, politely smiling, and continued to walk.
“Phillipe!! Damn you horse!!” he yelled and got off of the wagon. He walked deeper into the forest till he came across some wolves. They growled at him and started to run towards him. John’s father ran and eventually found himself at a set of gates. He shook them as the wolves closed in and just when they were about to pounce, the gates swung open and John’s father fell in. He quickly got up and slammed the gates shut before the wolves could get to him. The wolves slammed themselves up against the gates, not wanting their prey to escape, but the gates wouldn’t open. John’s father turned from the gates to see where he was and saw a massive castle rising before him. Storm clouds brewed in the sky, signaling rain was soon to come. John’s father walked towards the castle, hoping to seek refuge for the night. He wasn’t far front the castle when the sky started to pour down rain. He picked up his pace and made it to the castle doors within a few minutes. He slowly opened one of the doors and slipped inside.
“No! This way! I think this is faster!” he told the horse and pulled him to the right. They rode down the pathway, becoming more lost.
John’s father sneezed and Lestrade invited him to go sit by the fire in the next room. He sat in the big chair and had a blanket wrapped around his shoulders by a coat rack. Mycroft protested the whole time, saying how furious the master would be if he found out what was going on in the castle. The others ignored him and soon came the lovely Mrs. Hudson, a teapot, on her teacart, racing over to John’s father and pouring hot tea into a teacup.
The two men ignored him as they dragged him to the doors and threw him out laughing. John’s father landed in the snow as the doors shut and he was left alone, cold, and with no hope of getting his son back.
“Right from the moment when I met him, saw him. I said he’s the smartest and I fell. Here in town, there’s only he, who is almost as smart as me. So I’m making plans to woo and marry John.” Moriarty sang as he rode into town. Suddenly a crowd filled the marketplace, forcing Moriarty to get off his horse and follow John through the crowd. He had a difficult time making it past the crowd while John easily wound his way through while reading his book.
“Oh, try to be patient, Sherlock. The man has lost his father and his freedom all in one day,” Mrs. Hudson fussed.
“You’re a- You’re a-” John studdered before backing up into the wardrobe in the room which came to life as well.
The phone rang loudly into the ensuing silence, pulling John out of his violent reverie. He had been thinking of ways he could hide Holmes's body, right after he strangled him.
Sherlock had shoved a devastating hand under his shirt, brushing his fingers over the fine hairs on John's chest, circling his nipples until John was pleading for more.
Holmes finally slid his keen eyes over to the woman sitting on the sofa. She stood, fidgeting with her plaited pigtails as she waited for Holmes to extend a hand. When he did, she was eager to catch it, her palm limp and small in his. “Ah, Molly,” he said, pleasantly. “We’ve worked together before.”
"Perfectly rounded arse, wonderfully shaped thighs, plush." Sherlock turned his head slightly to nip at John's inner thigh, pulling pale flesh between his teeth until a bruise began to bloom. "A
Sherlock leant down, placing his lips over John's, and the younger male felt his body melting into him before he had even realized they were kissing.
One moment, Sherlock was on his knees and the next, he was flat on his back being desperately devoured by a feral Alpha.
John looked around the silent room, feeling very much out of place being in someone's home without them present. Even with all the clutter, though, the flat had a very homely atmosphere where the little bedsit he shared with his mother and older sister, Harry, always felt cold and impersonal.
John collapsed limply against the table, unable to speak, barely able to grasp the concept of breathing again as he came down from one of the best climaxes he'd ever had. John could feel Sherlock's breathing tickling his leg as he caught his breath, a damp forehead resting tiredly against his knee.
Sherlock's eyes were glowing in that way that warned John where Sherlock's thoughts were headed, the way they flitted down to his lips and lingered, growing dark and desperate. Sex was what Sherlock knew, and surely it ate at him in the way John was familiar with, that he couldn't have what he wanted when he wanted it. Under that stare, John felt consumed,
John had just collapsed onto his bed, tired and overwhelmed by the day's events and wondering if he should even bother reporting to work the next day, when his phone emitted a soft ping on the side table.
The teasing tone of it was reminiscent of an easier time between them, so much so that Sherlock could almost bring himself to pretend the past six years hadn’t occurred.
“Isn't it always funny how the people we often ignore are the ones we should be paying the most attention to,” Jim crooned, cocking his head to the side as he stared at the younger man. “Sherlock ought to know better, but my,” Jim chuckled and shook his head slowly in mock surprise, “he
"I want him in the room directly across the hall from mine, where I can keep an eye on our guest." Pale, severe eyes flickered over John's body fleetingly, narrowing on his hands where they were still clasped behind his back. John fought the urge to squirm under Sherlock's scrutiny, feeling his face flushing with heat uncomfortably. Maybe he imagined the shift in Sherlock's harsh features that belayed amusement. In the blink of an eye, any emotions the man had displayed were swiftly packed away, and he was once again, an infuriatingly blank canvas.
Jealousy welled up, dark and heavy... angry. Why would Sherlock offer him a sexual proposition if he was already otherwise entangled, and the last thing John wanted to do was cross a woman like Irene. He doubted that she would be such a charming individual if John encroached upon her liaison with his employer.
John followed Janine back to the foyer, growing nauseous as his stomach twisted itself into a pretzel. Holmes was an odd, unpredictable sort and John never failed to be disarmed in his presence. He knew bugger all about his new employer, besides the fact that he knew how to get John in a snit and turn him on all in one go. Holmes was a complete mystery that John couldn't help but gravitate to, and in the current situation, that was not a good thing at all.
John couldn't tell if Sherlock was sweating or if it was his own overheated skin, but their clothes were growing damp. Sherlock pulled away, pressing his nose into John's perspiring neck, inhaling deeply. John shivered at the cool air and presented his neck to Sherlock. John was vulnerable in that moment, offering himself up to Sherlock's mercy, knowing now that he was risking so much for someone he wasn't sure would appreciate him for it in the long run. He could get up and leave, take a cab to Lewisham and email Sherlock his resignation, but there was a thrill to being with Sherlock, a freedom. John didn't want to leave.
Sherlock knew the minute his elder brother’s name flashed across his screen that Mycroft could only be calling for one thing— to dissuade Sherlock from finding John. It was highly ambitious of Mycroft. Sherlock wasn’t the least bit concerned that his brother would succeed, but it didn’t stop his teeth from grinding as he stabbed the green call button lit up on his mobile.
The living room was a quick fix; just a matter of cleaning up behind Sherlock and scooping up his clothes to the throw in the laundry basket. The older man had disappeared into the shower a short while after John finished and later emerged from his room in one of his usual custom tailored suits.
for the introduction of the amazing word twatwaffle! Also, my apologies in advance for the horrible graphics. The tabloid graphics was the first time I've made my own, so haha please go easy all my artistic readers!
Great, John couldn't help but think to himself, now Sherlock wanted to have a heart-to-heart with him, and the worst part about it, was that John was still smarting from the night before, still burning with the hurt and anger of knowing that no matter what he did for Sherlock, he wasn't truly relevant.
John's tongue ran across his lips and Sherlock's vision grew hazy with lust— lust and greed because simply having John's body, wanton and craving, wasn't enough. He needed more.
John blushed, unable to hold that all knowing gaze any longer, feeling inadequate in intellect to be having such a conversation with this brilliant man.
A sharp bite to his bottom lip pulled John from his increasingly frantic musings, and he forced down an unmanly whimper at the pressure.
A dark chuckle emerged from Sherlock, a mocking, hateful sound that made John's skin crawl viciously. All the attraction John could admit having towards the man had fled in the face of his ugly bitterness. Slowly, he walked up to the bed until he nearly stood between John's legs, whose back straightened like a pencil at the invasion of his personal space, and knelt down to come face-to-face with him, hands coming to rest on the mattress on either side of John's thighs.
He wanted to have that length inside of him, ramming or slow, whichever way Sherlock preferred, as long as they both got off in the end. John licked his lips and thrust his hips up, watching as Sherlock’s eyes flicked down to his cock in obvious desire to touch it. Instead, Sherlock leant forward to press their lips together, his long, lean body covering John’s almost entirely.
John broke away from the kiss, angling his hips up to meet Holmes’ as the man set a brutal pace that had them both crying out. Holmes bottomed out on each thrust, right against his prostate.
Jasper smiled, closing the distance until there was just a foot of space between them. “Wow,” he said wondrously, rocking back on his heels for a moment, hands tucked in his pocket. “I thought I'd never see you in London again. When did you get back?”
The obvious answer to Sherlock's proposition, was a big fat 'No', so why did every nerve in his body rebel against that response?
Within pack dynamics, strength was everything; there could be no weak link in the chain. Either you fight, or you die. Earlier, Sherlock had forced John to prove his worth and strength, and afterward, the man seemed oddly satisfied, as if John had pleased him in some way. He didn't miss the glimmer of respect he saw in Sherlock's eyes, and John was sure that his own were reflecting the same.
If John were being honest with himself, he'd been asking himself the very same thing and never did find an answer that was satisfactory. Sherlock hadn't lied to him or done anything untoward to John, and he always made it a point to ease John into every new experience, but was that really what Sherlock was asking him?
John sat up straighter in his seat and looked around, shushing Sarah vehemently in the process. Moriarty could have anyone listening in nearby. It wouldn't do if he knew that John had told someone about their meeting, other than Sherlock. Still, the mother and son behind them continued their conversation and the muffled mumbling of the other patrons remained steady. “Keep your voice down,” John hissed, hugging his arms around his chest. “Listen, I don't know how any of this is going to pan out, but I've a bad feeling about it all.” There was that knot of dread swelling in his chest, and John had a spell of vertigo that nearly overwhelmed him.
When the transformation was complete, the room fell silent, awaiting a command from the alpha as they all looked to Sherlock.
A small, mousy woman with long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail waited patiently until Lestrade had finished speaking before she spoke up softly. "How long will he be staying?" She tucked an errant strand of hair behind her ear, eyes flicking from Sherlock, insecurely, and then fleetingly back to John again.
Mike's eyes cut down to it and back up to John, a relieved smile brightening his sallow features. "I reckon things went well with Holmes?" It was an innocent question, but John couldn't help being irritated with his friend. Mike hadn't warned him beforehand what exactly it was he was walking into.
Mycroft had turned to stare at John again, curious and speculative as his eyes scanned John in that oddly familiar way, as if the man were dissecting his every thought with uncomfortable precision. “Strange that you should show up and this location be compromised.”
He tore himself away, breaths quick and heavy. He felt intoxicated, drunk with pleasure and the flood of endorphins cancelling out everything but his ruthless desire. Sherlock wanted so badly to fuck him, but the game was far from over. If he could just stay on track, then he could reap the rewards in the end.
Sherlock was sitting at the opening of the alcove. His body was angled partially towards the outside, but he'd turned his head to evaluate John with several long sweeps of his sharp gaze. It lingered where his shirt had ridden up a few inches, exposing the bottom half of his side. From there, they slid up to meet John's eyes, completely unabashed at his slow perusal. For reasons John would rather not examine, Sherlock's attention excited him.
Okay, so there's not much smut in the chapter... Well, just a bit, because I couldn't resist, but the fluff is unreal, because I love parent/child interactions!
John nodded and held his hands out. Sherlock wrapped them gently with the first coil of rope, until the knuckles of his fists were pressed snug together. Sherlock moved onto John’s biceps, wrapping the rope round the arm and the chair a few times until he could hardly move it.
Sherlock's massive form loomed over a frightened human, a young one by the looks of it, his spiked teeth already hovering over the man's throat.
"You seem to be labouring under the delusion that I don't want you, when in fact, I would very much like it if you were here now," Sherlock admitted, his sonorous baritone only growing deeper with every word. "I don't like repeating myself, but it seems you're being thicker than usual, so I'll say this in a way that even you can understand. If there ever comes a time where I don't want you, I will let you know, but until then, rest assured that there hasn't been a moment since we've met that I haven't wanted to take you against the nearest surface."
John knelt one last time at Bill's grave, intent on never returning. There was nothing he could think of saying, didn't know if it was the rain or the tears clouding his eyes, but John didn't care. His chest was a hollowed cavern, an empty memorial. Who was John without his mate? What was a wolf without a pack? Who was a man without a family?
The corner of his eyelid twitched in annoyance, but he planted his metaphorical feet and forged ahead like the great friend that he was. Mike would pay dearly later on. "You have yet to make any public appearances with a date. Is there a secret lady in your life?" John bit out.
. For one, Sherlock handed John his card and darted off to inspect the tobacco brands, leaving John to fight with the stupid chip and PIN machine. Why?! What did John do to deserve a man-child and a dodgy machine!
There was a loud rustle and then John was locked in a choke-hold by a deceptively frail figure in a lab coat. Wiry grey hair stood out in every which way, and Förstner's green eyes bulged from their sockets, darting about wildly. It was the needle in his hand that made Sherlock freeze, the point pressed against John's jugular vein.
The mention of his name snapped John out of his head, as Janine informed Holmes—who still had yet to acknowledge his presence—that John would be there for the last hour if he needed anything.
Jasper laughed bitterly, curly dark head shaking as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Dear John, poor little John, sad and alone with no one to love him. So he goes and has a fucking shag with his best friend's father. Makes for a good sob story doesn't it?"
"All right, that's it." John grabbed his pillow and hopped off the couch, swinging his pillow full force. He caught the older boy right in his laughing mouth, and then promptly doubled over with laughter at Jasper's stunned expression. The other boy retaliated by raining blow upon blow on his back with the pillow as John tried to catch his breath.
With Sherlock's help, he limped to the bed where Sherlock laid him out and gently removed the clamps from his nipples and the ring from round his deflated cock and balls. John groaned, crossing his arms over his chest protectively. It hurt like hell.
“He's fine,” Sherlock said, shrugging. “Being stubborn, which is par for the course, I suppose.” Sherlock peered around the room, at the bed pushed into the far corner, the loo, and finally, the sad little kitchenette. “Come back with me?”
He opened up a new thread and replied. He already had an inkling of who the sender could be, but he still wanted the clarification. It wouldn't do to be meeting some random stranger in a cafe.
Thankfully, the woman from earlier took that moment to cut in, breaking the uncomfortable silence that had fallen over the table. "Well, Sherlock, it seems you're interrupting their date," her voice was low and silken, and her eyes, intelligent and calculating as she gave John what had to be the most overtly sexual once over he'd ever received in his life. "Hm, well aren't you adorable. Pity I didn’t get to you first."
Sherlock froze, and John tore his eyes away to assess the newcomer that could make the usually composed man react in such a way.
The next morning, Sherlock roused from his uncomfortable sitting position to find John standing next to him on the bed on wobbly legs, one hand on Sherlock's shoulder for balance. His hair was longer, blonde tendrils curling in disarray around the curve of John's ear and his teeth were beginning to grow in. John giggled and bounced on his legs as Sherlock lifted his head to stare wide-eyed. John was approximately eleven to twelve-months now, and Sherlock had fallen asleep and missed it!
John clearly hadn't taken to Sherlock upon their first meeting, and Sherlock could admit to having been a bit glib, but at the time, he hadn't known that this student would spark his interest and, eventually, his libido.
"Elevated breathing, dilated pupils, body language, come now, John. You're dreadfully easy to read, so tell me, what did he
It was a terrible time to allow his nerves to get the better of him, but John was so far past nervous, the word didn't even begin to touch on the uneasy thing creeping slowly up his chest.
When Sherlock failed to come up with a response, John nodded. “Right. I'll just… see myself out then.”
That thought alone unsettled John. Even though he hadn't known Sherlock for long, it was obvious that Sherlock was unfamiliar with new emotions, relationships. It had certainly been an emotional night, if what happened in the car on the way to Baker Street were any indication. Then, Sherlock had pulled away, and John shuddered at the memory of a face wiped so thoroughly clean that there was no way he wasn't hiding something.
John waited with bated breath for Sarah's reaction to the news. His friend was no champion of Holmes, and John had no idea how Sarah would take that bit of information, so he kept his mouth shut. Anything further from him, she would have to take by torture, because John most certainly would not tell her that Sherlock had already propositioned him for sex.
Forty-five minutes later, Sherlock was stepping out the bathroom in a fresh bespoke suit, the smell of his aftershave trailing after him as he sauntered into the sitting room. John clenched the leather of the couch between his fingers, his hands slippery with sweat. Sherlock fiddled with the cuffs of his suit jacket for a moment and he seemed hesitant to meet John's eyes, but finally he did.
The music revved up, and Lady Grey rolled over onto her bum, her legs still parted lasciviously. She rolled her hips in a wave-like motion, thrusting, and revealed her throat and squared jaw to him. “Oh baby for all it's worth, I swear I'll be the first to blow—” Thrust. “—your” Thrust. “—mind.”
The ensuing silence was louder than anything Sherlock ever heard and charged with static. So many unsaid things lingered in that moment, and curious to see how the conversation would continue, Sherlock righted himself in the seat and pinned his attention on John.
Once the door opened, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. It had been too long. Sherlock felt the same relief that came with the first slam of cocaine into his system, the first slide into a warm, tight space, and the first whiff of cheap shampoo that made his nostrils flare and body tingle. It was overwhelming and uncontrollable all at once, the terrifying force of his need.
“There it is,” John said as the train pulled up. A soft feminine voice crackled overhead, announcing the boarding of his train, so John stood along with Sherlock, and walked down the platform to where other passengers were loading on to the carriage.
“Sod the bloody fantasy, John. You know what I want,” Sherlock hissed, his breath catching between proclamations. “I'm not a bloody vicar, and there's nothing holy about what I want.”
Sherlock cut off with a groan and allowed his hands to travel down John's chest, along his sides and past his buttocks, where he stopped briefly to knead the skin, and over the back of his thighs, wrenching them up to wrap around his waist.
A guilt-stricken John was not what Sherlock expected to see upon broaching the subject. As jealous as he was that he was most likely not the only man John had been with anymore, he’d had his own string of bedmates in John’s absence. Of course, they had only been horrific substitutes, and Sherlock refused to invite them back to Baker Street. The memory of John had tainted everything, and to try and superimpose someone else’s image onto John’s had been nothing short of blasphemous.
John lowered the note, turning to Sherlock uncertainly. Whoever this was, he sounded mad at any rate, and he’d mentioned another note. Had Sherlock found a clue he hadn't told John about?
Sherlock was surrounded by people, unfamiliar fingers touching him everywhere, and then he was in his mind palace, watching the last of John separate into a million tiny fragments on the ground. He wanted to scream, to yell, to put him back together like the puzzle Sherlock never ceased to know him as.
Sherlock pulled out a cotton ball and antibiotic cream. He laid them down, his eyes flitting up to John's face every so often, but the child merely slept on, his chest rising and falling faster than normal.
Sherlock risked a few steps forward, disinclined to let John out of his sight for even a moment. Instead, he crowded him, watched from his periphery as his shadow engulfed John's. As it rightfully should.
John ached to reach out and pull the man close, but somehow he knew that Sherlock needed this moment. Maybe he was filing it away somewhere for wank material, later. It was all the same to John; he just wanted that solid body laying over him.
Mike let out a sigh of relief that tapered off with a pitiful cough. "I owe you big time, John, you're a lifesaver."
John turned away abruptly to redirect his stare out the window. He was already pressing against his trousers.
John didn't have a moment alone until Lestrade had him comfortably settled into his temporary accommodations. It wasn't a terribly large room, but big enough for one to move around without bumping into furniture. There was a twin bed pushed up against the far wall, a plain white quilt and bedding folded neatly at the end. The windows had been boarded up with wood slats, so minimal natural light entered into the room besides a few slant rays peeking through the gaps. The only source of light was a reading lamp that sat on a side table beside the bed, illuminating only the immediate area.
"If we can succeed in cutting the head off the snake, we could dismantle this branch." Sherlock's speech had grown more emphatic as he nattered on excitedly. John decidedly did not miss the plurality of his words, the emphasis on the we.
He nodded, indicating that John should resume, eyes following the bob of John's Adam's apple with sharp, predatory acuteness. John leaned forward, resting his hand on Sherlock's thighs for leverage as he moved in for the first taste.
In all of his life, John had moments in which he had lived singularly, but he had never truly been alone. Whenever he needed assistance, his pack was there to defend him, as he was for them. Bill, Mike, Harry... They were all dead now. His pack mates had all faced a gruesome and undeserved death at the hands of men who wanted nothing more than to exterminate every last one of his kind out of fear and anger.
These thoughts kept him awake into the early morning, until his eyes burned with the lack of sleep. Truth was, John was afraid to close his eyes. He was afraid that Sherlock would awake sometime in the night and finish what he started. John castigated himself for having so little faith in his lover, but Sherlock hadn't exactly said it wouldn't happen again, and he hadn't made excuses for the drugs. Sherlock hadn't said much of anything, but John recognized the hunger in his gaze when Sherlock would allow his glassy eyes to stray to the bedside table. It made John’s skin prickle with anxiety.
She took the application but immediately tucked it away in her drawer, locking it with the keys dangling from her wrist.
It hadn't been all that long since he'd last been in 221C, but it was enough time to see that Sherlock had installed a steel bar that hung from the ceiling, fitted with two cuffs on each side of the bar. Though the bar should have been, by far, the most puzzling addition to the room, John found his attention pulled to the other side of the room. Where there should have been drab, Victorian wallpaper, it had been replaced with a row of floor to ceiling mirrors that spanned the width of the entire wall.
“John,” Sherlock greeted him warmly, his large hand swallowing John’s in a firm grip. His palm was soft and warm, thumb rubbing a half-circle across the back of John’s hand.
The lift dinged, and the doors opened. John stepped in, wondering why he felt so reluctant about leaving. "I will do, Mr Holmes."
For a moment, John was more startled by Jasper's knowledge of their meetings than anything else. “How did he know?” John wondered aloud, and Sherlock merely smirked.
On the top shelf, there was vast collection of dildos, vibrators, one of which that was sleek and made purely of gold (John was sure that one cost more than his life), and butt plugs. Everything had a modernistic feel to it, all sleek, curving lines and stainless steel. It was like a trophy case, but with sex toys.
For several minutes, John waited to feel something, tensed for a touch, unsure where it would land or the sensation that would follow. Sherlock kept John that way for an indeterminate amount of time, balanced on a precipice, anxious and more aware than he'd ever been of anything.
“No,” Mycroft snapped, suddenly, and Sherlock's mouth snapped shut. Mycroft rarely lost his composure, but now the man was positively seething. Sherlock hadn't seen his brother this red since he'd caught him with a peer during their younger days. “You will listen to me, Sherlock, because it is time that you act like the man you are supposed to be. Now, I had to watch you nearly kill yourself because you're too thick to discern when enough is enough!”
As always, Sherlock had been enjoying John's company, exchanging witty barbs with his partner that grew increasingly bawdy as John imbibed, but then Mycroft appeared like a candle snuffer to put out his flames.
Reluctantly, he took Victor's hand, giving it a brief, firm shake and letting go. That was all, and then Victor was walking away and to the SUV, throwing his things in the back of the car.
Sherlock spoke the words like a shameful confession, eyes dropping to his clasped hands as his mouth worked. “I’ve never… This-” He cut off with a heavy sigh.
As much as he liked to think that nothing could come from an agreement based solely on sex, John couldn't help but think what it could be like to fall for Sherlock. Would they always be able to be this carefree with one another? Would Sherlock get bored?
You guys are awesome and I am so sorry for making you wait for this new chapter. I'd run into a little roadblock with this chapter, but I am happy to say that I am back on board. Anyways, thank you all for the comments and kudos. You are all so amazing. Also, for those who don't know, I do have a
John massaged soothing circles into his temples, fearing the migraine that may or may not form soon. At least he didn't feel nauseous. Reluctantly, John turned to peak at the clock on the night stand.
When John caught him staring, he quickly flicked his eyes down and began chewing at a more sedate pace, a hint of pink staining his cheeks. John’s container was nearly emptied when he finally set it on the desk. Sherlock had already packed away what was left of his as he hadn’t had much of an appetite to begin with. Now they regarded one another silently, until John severed the temporary accord with a question Sherlock had been asking himself all night.
Sherlock wanted John to dance for him… and John was no fool, he knew the man didn’t particularly mean the Charleston. His stomach clenched and time seemed to slow as his thumbs hovered over the screen.
John furrowed his brow and angled his body towards Sherlock, one leg folding over the other. He didn't miss the flicker of Sherlock's eyes to the exposed underside of his thighs. Fortunately, he was sitting too far up the couch for his bollocks to be exposed, but it didn't stop the sly little tilt of Sherlock's head to catch a glimpse.
John stood before Sarah could say anything else, pulling his wallet from his pocket and throwing a few notes on the table to cover their tea. Sarah stood also and John couldn't resist the urge to embrace her. He had to be strong - strong for himself, strong for Sherlock, John didn't know if he had it in himself to be strong for Sarah, too.
"Do you often form companionships with women you've had previous emotional entanglements with?" Holmes eyed him closely, narrowed gaze flitting over his face for tiny tells that John was sure he could read just as easily as if he were speaking his thoughts aloud.
Sherlock's chin lifted a bit more - John was sure if he moved it up another inch, he'd be able to see up his nose - gaining his confidence back in a tiny motion. "I'm not an idiot, John, nor am I weak. I have no qualms about helping you to the bath."
Sherlock never tore his gaze away, but in his mind, he pulled up a picture of the room and all of its clutter, looking for anything that could be used as a weapon. John's life was at stake, so any course of action had to be quick, might be dirty, but even if it only provided a distraction, it would work.
John's nearly illegible scrawl was large and uniquely loopy, taking up more room than he needed for a few paragraphs, but it was his choice of words that stood out to Sherlock. Near the end, his heart dived in his chest as John attempted to explain the mechanics of attraction to his son. Sherlock cared deeply for John and the feeling was mutual, but he hadn't wanted to acknowledge it, not when John's departure was imminent. Not only that, but it was obvious that John cared for Jasper as well, and John's absence would hurt his son deeply.
Anger and relief warred within her. She had no time to prepare to send her son off to a war. Is a mother ever ready to give her child up if there’s a chance she would never see them again?
John warred with doing as Sherlock had asked and making tea or leaving altogether. Although it wasn't the biggest decision he’d ever made, it certainly felt as if the outcome would determine what would happen between them next. If John left… if he left, then where would that leave them? Obviously there was something bothering Sherlock, but John was so out of his depth when it came to Sherlock Holmes and feelings. Those two words together were a mix for something cataclysmic, and John would bet what money he had that Sherlock was currently over-thinking, suppressing, or whatever he did to keep from feeling anything remotely sentimental.
They ended up shagging on the couch, but to be fair, Sherlock was ninety-nine point nine percent sure the couch had seen worse. He made a note to return home and take a shower at once.
"How do you feel," Sherlock asked without looking away from the cupboard, though his body tensed when John failed to answer right away. "Don't be an idiot, John. If you should find yourself under any duress during the scene, use your safe word and we will stop immediately." Sherlock turned, his expression severe in the low light of the room.
The man in question cleared his throat and shifted his weight on his feet, both hands now shoved in his pockets.
Sherlock hesitantly tore his eyes away from the lens and regarded John impatiently. “Did you feel it when you changed?”
"No," Sherlock growled, frustrated at the thought of anyone touching his John, taking care of him. Mycroft smirked victoriously, the smarmy bastard. Of course Mycroft knew he would object, insufferable prat.
“Sherlock,” he cried, unable to tear his eyes away as Sherlock touched his own cock while John thrust against his hand. “Let me come, please, Sherlock. Iwannacome, Iwannacome, pleasepleaseplease.”
"John," Sarah called from the other room, and John broke away from his stupor and left to join his friend in the sitting room.
Sherlock kneeled above him, his knees on either side of John's ribs, and guided John's slick fingers between his legs. John's breath hitched as Sherlock's swollen bollocks glided over his wrist, and inhaled at the sensation of the tip of his finger pressing against the ring of Sherlock's sphincter.
Irene seemed to be thinking, tapping away idly on her phone before she looked up. “Have you chosen your outfit, yet?”
The minute Förstner stopped speaking, Sherlock realized it was too late to stop him and lunged for the gun. Hopefully the medical team would arrive quickly enough to combat whatever Förstner injected into John's bloodstream.
John fell back against the bed with a huffed, “Fuck off,” before wrapping a hand around Sherlock’s neck and pulling him close.
No, Sherlock wanted to take him higher and keep him there, teetering, although in a more literal sense. Sherlock called it suspension bondage. John called it, "Oh,
From the moment Jim's eyes landed on John, Sherlock knew of his malicious intent, and although he hid it cleverly, the jealousy peaked from behind wide brown eyes.
Mycroft tapped the tip of his cane against the lino. "Rest assured, however, you will not be leaving this room until you've been thoroughly primed on the care of an infant."
“He was accused of selling black market drugs, maybe implicated in a few crimes, but somehow he got off scotch-free. Went to ground afterwards,” she recalled. “Sherlock disappeared for a bit, too. The papers published all sorts of things about him, saying he ran off with a lover. Was back in rehab. All of it vanished the next day.”
John, only a few feet away, closed the short distance between them, feeling his heart swell for the man who didn't know himself as well as he thought he did. He pressed his forehead against the line of Sherlock's back, exhaling as it tensed beneath the touch.
And there he was, living comfortably in his thirty-second year, a self-made man… and just finding out what it meant to love someone other than himself for the first time in his life.
John sighed, standing on trembling legs. "I should... get my things, I-," he sucked in a sharp breath, feeling the weight of it all settle heavily on his shoulders. "I'm sorry Sherlock, that I came in between you and Jasper."
John didn't know why, but he found the idea attractive, even though the interview hadn't really been for his benefit to begin with. John shrugged and bit his lip thoughtfully. Holmes followed the movement with his eyes, his expression inscrutable.
Sherlock was lost in his thoughts as usual, and John wasn't too keen on interrupting him, also lost in his own head.
Harry charged forward, drawing her fist back and punching John straight in the mouth, catching him off guard. He fell on his arse with enough force to bruise, and no sooner was he down, than was Harry on him like a wild animal, screaming abuse and wrapping her hands around his neck.
“I love seeing you this way,” Sherlock whispered, unable to resist John when he was like this. He allowed himself a moment, just this once, to take John by the jaw and direct those lips to his own. They were soft and wet, pliant and warm. John had already opened his mouth to him, so Sherlock entered, sucking John’s tongue with fervour, bit his lip and swallowed his gasps.
When he was finished, John was bound to the chair with just enough wriggle room for Sherlock to play with him. It was an appealing position; John’s arse was on display, legs spread, and between them his cock and balls heavy and swollen.
Great, now Sarah was dressing him up like some kind of window mannequin, and time was slowly draining away. John wanted to beat Holmes to the office and have his tea waiting for him on the desk, as Janine instructed the day before. John might have still been a little indecisive about the job, but he still felt the desire to please Holmes, and show that he could still stay on task, even with all the 'distractions'.
Instantly, the air between them grew thick with suggestion, neither of them daring nor willing to look away first.
When John's large hands landed on his waist, Sherlock's eyes rolled back in ecstasy. He pushed up into the touch, allowing their aching erections to meet with an inelegant thrust.
The front door was locked, which was unusual, but Greg just figured that either John or Sherlock had secured it for once. He shrugged off his unease and deftly unlocked the door, prepared to get in and out. It was a two bedroom flat and Sherlock often slept on the couch, but Lestrade wouldn't be surprised if he was in the room. Sherlock and John sometimes—“platonically”—shared a bed, so Greg didn't waste another moment thinking of the empty couch. He did pause, however, at the loud thump from the direction of John's room.
Sherlock encircled him in his arms, his cheek resting upon the silken strands of John’s hair. It could have been days, hours, minutes that they sat there holding onto one another, before John’s tremors finally subsided. It was as if John had drained every ounce of energy from Sherlock’s body. He could hardly bring himself to move, or maybe it was that he didn’t dare release John for fear that he’d crumble and crack into pieces. The food hadn’t arrived yet and it was getting late, but Sherlock didn’t want to leave him alone. Not with a loaded gun and the shadow of his dreams still lingering behind those haunted eyes.
Every touch sent him through the clouds and the power of those muscles beneath his fingertips made John's cock fill with blood.
Sherlock stared down at his pale hand, flattened over burnished, golden skin, the tip of his fingers tingling where they connected to John. “But perhaps it would be better if we rehashed some old rules.”
John couldn't stop the grin that spread across his lips. Maybe he didn't think Holmes was a very good man, but he was inexorably excited at the prospect of seeing him again. For some insane, incomprehensible reason. John didn't know why. Maybe it was his penchant for danger. Holmes certainly wasn't lacking in that area.
Without his sight, John was left with the sound of swishing fabric and the air settling around his body, heavy with the new level of intimacy between Sherlock and himself. John couldn't see Sherlock, but his gaze was a physical presence of its own, like a hot touch against his skin. Knowing that Sherlock was just watching him, even if John had no way to confirm, made him fidgety.
"Either option is satisfactory. Here, I'll be able to taste you, fuck you with my fingers until your come is spilling down my throat," Sherlock paused, mouth open as he rested his forehead against John's pelvic bone, panting, before the weight of his stare was back, more weighted than before. Sherlock's pale eyes were laden with more than lust, a murky blue pool that reflected unfathomable desires and a man near the end of his restraint. "If you should decide to wait, I'll ensure you are
John nodded, though he still really didn’t understand. He struggled to be supportive of his friend's choices. Before he could stop himself, John blurted out what had been on the tip of his tongue since he walked through the door. "He offered me a job, Mike."
John did it again, and Sherlock pressed forward, effortlessly deepening the kiss, until he'd effectively taken control of all John's senses, dominating; captivating. John had almost forgotten he'd only been wearing pants, until he felt those large hands at the small of his back, stroking down and over the curve of his arse. The sure touch left John gasping against Sherlock's warm mouth in uncontrolled desire.
John momentarily oscillated between his lowest and highest point, between the decision to stay and face his past or flee towards an uncertain, unpredictable future. The closer they walked to the empty den, the harder John's heart hammered against his breastbone and the urge to run made him fidget with flightiness. But this was what he had to do, if not for the honour of his kin, then for his own peace of mind.
Irene laughed, the sound coming out a bit choked. She pulled back, cupping his cheeks in her hands. “I know, but you were fabulous, my dear. Now let’s get you touched up, so you can go and meet your fans.”
What could have been twenty minutes later, John wasn't sure as he had no clock to keep the time, the door across the hall opened quietly, the old wood emitting a soft groan.
"Johnny," Julia breathed quizzically, as she rubbed a hand in slow circles over his back. "What's happened?"
Befuddled, John stood there, trying to figure out what just happened. "What?" He called after Janine, jogging to catch up with her.
John turned back to glance at Sherlock, wondering what the Alpha could possibly have said to Victor, that the man would willingly approach him, yet, Sherlock had already vanished.
Sherlock finally glanced up, freezing John in his place, as the smug little smirk on his lips dried up once he noticed John's cleaned up look. Those pale eyes widened ever-so slightly, and his lips parted to release a long, slow, breath, that John was sure he wasn't supposed to hear.
Holmes placed his teacup on the table and leant back into the cushion of his chair, re-crossing his legs and smoothing a long-fingered hand over his suit jacket. "Please reschedule, Janine, Mr Watson and I are not yet finished here."
Holmes scoffed and peered at John from beneath a curly fringe. One loose, brown lock escaped and fell into his pale, predatory gaze. "Crisps aren't a meal, John. You have crumbs on your collar, by the way."
Sarah closed her eyes and sighed loudly in exasperation, but when she opened them, they were a soft, brilliant green that reflected compassion. “I don't
The dissonance between the pack was nearly tangible, like currents of electricity floating throughout the room. A tendril of shame was slowly making itself at home in John's conscience. This disruption within the house was of his doing; John was singlehandedly destroying Sherlock's pack.
John wavered, feeling disconnected from his body. Maybe if he tried hard enough, he could get his feet off the ground. The sky was endless, a myriad of twinkling, distant sparks of light, and John wanted to be up there, too. Sod Earth, there was nothing fun down here.
John stood at the mouth of the hallway leading to Sherlock's room in 221B Baker Street, more confused than he’d ever been. It almost seemed like his first time there, unsure of his place or what to do with himself. Sherlock wasn't exactly being accommodating.
John shook his head absentmindedly and picked up his glass of water to quench his thirst. He waited a few swallows before answering Sherlock's question. “No, not distracted,” he replied, quirking a smile that wasn't entirely genuine. He didn't feel like smiling. He would rather be somewhere else not having to decide how he was going to explain the threat of a psychopath to his lover. “Didn't sleep very well, is all.”
Therefore, Sherlock never hesitated to show Sarah just how little he thought of her, and that his time with John would not be compromised.
Sherlock's body shuddered behind his, tiny aftershocks that one only experienced after a powerful orgasm.
Looking around, Sherlock could see no sign of a lift, and John was on the eighth floor. He peered up, into an old chandelier with dim bulbs, circled by fluttering moths and stained with years worth of rusted grime around the glass. The staircase was circular, providing a nauseating view to the top where small, symmetrical windows allowed very little natural light. It was depressing.
"Fucking hell," the man panted, gagging at the sight of the other hunter's entrails. "Oh God, Christ almighty."
"Stupid, stupid," Sherlock growled, slapping a hand against the side of his head in frustration. How could he have allowed himself to be so blinded.
Sherlock closed his eyes and tucked away the thought. It would keep for later, but for now, he would rest.
John sat down on the couch and put his head in his hands, scratching his fingers over his scalp just to feel something other than numbness. It hadn't occurred to him what it would be like to return to an empty house. Harry could go missing for day on end, and when his mum was home, she drifted between a drug-hazed consciousness and sleep.
Sherlock held out a hand to help him stand, but John ignored it with an apologetic smile and dusted off his trousers. Carefully, he bent to pick up his cane where it had slipped down the table and clattered to the floor.
Sherlock smiled softly. “That you do, my dear John. Now let's get home so we can negotiate your penance.”
John bit his lip, and internally shouted at his heart to calm the hell down, because there’s no way that Sherlock would go to the cabaret just to see him lip-sync some songs. Not that lip-syncing was all that it was. They put on a show, they were entertainers; it’s what they did, but he didn’t expect anyone to interrupt their lives just to watch him perform.
- leather shoes, Sherlock's shoes. “Why, Sherlock?” He looked up, then, trying to see past the bloated pupils to the cognizant being beneath.
Sherlock must have read his nervous energy. He dropped his head to meet John’s eyes, his, surprisingly soft and understanding. “Relax,” he murmured, his finger rubbing soothing circles in the dip behind John’s earlobe. His hand was warm and the size of it recalled the image of those elongated fingers buried inside of Molly’s slick passage as John licked around them.
When there was nothing left to do, John perched in his self proclaimed chair and waited anxiously for his best friend to return home, fingers tapping restlessly against the arms of his seat. Sherlock sat opposite John in the plush black chair and folded his legs imperiously, fingers coming to steeple under chin.
Instead, he answered in a cool tone, “The last thing I have time for is attending your funeral because you’ve decided to end your life, John. Don’t take it for anything more than it is.”
John dropped his head, unable to look her in the eyes, knowing that she was too sharp to miss all of the doubt that shrouded him like a cloak. Lady Grey had protected him when he thought the world was going to collapse in on him. A life without her for the sake of someone he’d only met a week ago? It was unthinkable. Irene hadn’t ever asked him to give up his persona, or even to put it aside for a day. She loved Lady Grey, the people at the cabaret loved her, and the patrons. None of them knew John Watson, or cared to know him. What made Sherlock any different?
Standing was an admirable feat, as John could still feel the lingering traces of the alcohol trying to take him down. He pushed through it and made his way to the door. The light from the hallway peeked in through the gap beneath the door, and John squared his shoulders, steadying himself for the inevitable encounter with Sherlock.
"Mr. Holmes, I have a Greg Lestrade here to see you." John thanked the gods his voice was steady over the line, even though Sherlock's deep baritone had his heart doing a 5k race inside his chest.
To a human, it would be cold, but werewolves generated enough body heat to stay warm in lower temperatures, thus, John was perfectly fine not to start a fire. Besides, he didn't see how he would be able to sleep that night anyway, and Sherlock seemed to have came to the same conclusion. The two of them were leaned against the tree, sharing a bottle of water as the last of the light dipped under the horizon.
John’s eyes fell to Sherlock’s lips, lingering for a second too long before they locked gazes again. “I missed you,” John breathed. Sherlock swallowed, brows furrowed as he watched the words form on John’s lips and roll effortlessly off his tongue. “I couldn’t stop wondering about you... all the bloody time.”
"And why would you do that, Mr Holmes?" John was puzzled. All of this would be off the record, so there would be no point to the exercise. But for some reason, John wanted to know everything he could about the man.
John grimaced, not at all surprised that the man didn't have any friends. He came off at prickly and arrogant, and in John's opinion, pretentious. "Noted."
Why was he so jealous of her? It's not as if this thing with Sherlock might go anywhere in the near future. The indecent proposal was still on the table, but then, who was this woman who could sweep so commandingly into the room and make demands? John might not always think much of himself, but he most certainly wasn't going to be anyone's bit on the side.
Soon, Greg was spending less time at the flat on Montague and more time with Molly. She was a sweet girl with an even temper and a hell of a personality buried beneath layers of social awkwardness. Greg thought that he could come to love her and it wouldn't be hard when it finally happened. Molly was beautiful in all the right ways and if things worked out, their career choices would cross paths at some turn.
John could feel the smile slip from his lips, and the weight of what the rest of his night would entail, also began to sink in. To know that someone cared for his well-being, was something John hadn't been afforded since his mum and dad died. He was weak in the face of Mary's compassion, and speechless; her concern was a foreign concept to him.
Up until then, Sherlock had been smirking smugly, but soon his deep chuckles had joined into the cacophony, the lot of them laughing like fools in the lounge room. John threw himself on the couch, finally settling down enough to get his breath back. There had been a lot of running involved.
Victor, John assumed, released a long, shaky breath before he hissed out, "Fuck you, Sherlock," and stomped off without any regard for the people that might be sleeping, or were they awake like John, listening to this undeniably embarrassing dressing down that took place right outside his door.
John pressed send and waited for a response. His text had been full of errors, but that would have to do, because John did not have the brain capacity to fight auto correct right now.
He still cared for Jasper dearly, and he barely knew the older Holmes, but that didn't stop John from feeling this compulsory magnetism to the detective.
John’s back curved over leather, the material groaning as he shifted against it. He gasped, pushing back into Sherlock’s mouth as much as he could with his thighs bound to the chair legs.
Misplaced body parts, half-rotted skin and in some cases, signs of prolonged exposure to radiation, which also caused genetic mutation.
“Sherlock,” John returned, sliding into the seat opposite Sherlock. When they were settled, Sherlock ordered a bottle of white wine without a glance at the menu the waiter laid out on the table. “If I knew we were coming to a posh place like this, I would’ve worn something a bit…” John tugged on the collar of his best jumper, a cerulean, cashmere number his sister had bought him for his last birthday.
John tried to convince himself he didn't care who Sherlock had with him in that room, but the tiny tingle of jealousy lingered in the corner of his mind.
Eventually, whenever people asked about the nature of his friend's relationship, Greg learned to simply respond with, “It's complicated.”
Before he could make it to the door at the top, it flung open with a hearty groan from the hinges. Jasper stood at the entrance, silhouetted by a soft, golden light emanating from the room. His curly dark hair stood up in tangles, as if he'd been running his fingers through it repeatedly, and his vivid green eyes stood out starkly behind black rimmed specs.
He made quick work of washing up with the flower scented hand soap, scrubbing his body with deft, clinical hands. At this point, it was just a tool to get what he needed to survive; if he wanted to live, that was how he had to look at the situation. The cool water nipped his skin, but John ignored it, focusing instead on the expanse of clean skin left in place of grime. The water, where the basin drained, was dark, and combined with the soap, sludgy and thick.
John's gaze narrowed until only a sliver of those ocean water eyes were peeking through. The pheromones of an angry Alpha flooded through the room in a heady aroma imbued with a sharp sweetness that Sherlock likened to Hydrogen Cyanide. Unmistakably perilous, but impossible to ignore.
The mad man only thought that it was funny; he laughed in the face of Sherlock's misery. Sherlock didn't care; none of it mattered. Moriarty would learn soon enough.
Sherlock licked his lips and John mirrored the action, unable to tear his eyes away from Sherlock's plush mouth. The only sound was their collective breathing and the drone of the telly, but nothing to tamp down on the rise of their lust.
John was still clearly unsure, but Sherlock could see the moment his control slipped and the man was moving quickly across the room. When they were nearly touching, so close that Sherlock could feel the heat from John's body wrapping around him like a warm blanket, John paused. Sherlock couldn't look away, and he didn't want to. He had this Alpha, had earned him, and no, this one couldn't be broken, because Sherlock didn't want to.
"Sherlock," he breathed, and Sherlock moaned against his hole at the sound, his eyes squinting shut as he delved in with renewed ardour.
"Amazing," John praised beneath his breath, unable to stop the awe and admiration from colouring words.
Sherlock was very good at pretending he wasn't affected by Jasper leaving, but every night, John would watch him stand at the window, drawing his bow across the violin in a slow, melancholy tune that pulled at John in ways he'd rather not think of. He wanted to make things right between Sherlock and Jasper, and if that meant his leaving, John wouldn't hesitate to make that sacrifice.
John didn't quite know what to do with his free hand, so he placed it on Sherlock's thigh, where it was promptly slapped away.
, it read proudly, as if anything in it would be Nobel prize worthy. The front was jumbled with all sorts of lunacy, including a picture of Sherlock looking, for all intents and purposes, like shit, beside which, a large yellow arrow declaring that Holmes Pharmaceuticals was filing for bankruptcy. Sherlock Holmes a former drug addict? What utter shite! On top of that, there were two pictures of them together from earlier in the week, walking out of work together. Obviously Sherlock had notice they were being watched, as in one, the man was looking in the general direction of the camera, so why hadn't he said anything? The other was just a moment of silliness between them that ended - awkward on both parts - in a caricature of a hug. Still, the moment had been theirs, and now it was taken and shared with a city of unknowns.
"Obvious," Mr. Holmes chimed in, tone a bit mocking as he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against the countertop.
Sherlock had buried his hands in John's hair and fucked his mouth until he couldn't feel his toes. It had been a wonderful sight, seeing John on his knees in the new clothes Sherlock had made for him, in the shoes Sherlock bought for him, and he couldn't remember a time where he’d ever been so possessive of anything or anyone.
John glanced up one last time to make sure that he had Sherlock’s full attention before he sank his mouth down onto Sherlock’s cock and relaxed his throat. A full-bellied moan filled the room, and quick, panting breaths followed as John set a torturous pace.
The door swung open and there was the wild haired, bespectacled teenager of his lover, staring at John with such utter relief, he couldn't stop the sharp pang of guilt that shot through him. Jasper started forward, albeit, a bit more slowly than he'd walked through the door.
John carefully kept his eyes on their intertwined hands, afraid that she would see just how distressed he actually was. The bite of Sherlock's absence prematurely cracked away at John's defenses until he was pulling in tiny puffs of breath through his nose, panicking.
“I've walked these woods before, and these trees are old. Most of them I use for guidance, which is why I've never understood how some could get lost in here,” Sherlock said, gesturing to their surroundings. “I also have an eidetic memory.”
John nodded against his shoulder, trying to wrap his mind around the changes that were sure to come. How long would it be until Sherlock could hold him like this again? How long would it be before he could feel those marvelous hands running along his body, through his hair?
The question conjured up a few narrow-eyed, furtive glances his way, and across the room, he could see Lestrade's back straighten in anticipation of Sherlock's decision.
There were so many new sensations, all slamming into his body with acute force, and not even the tense rigidity of his body as he curled his toes, could push back the intensity. John could feel his eyes roll back in his head as Sherlock fucked him with his tongue, only relenting occasionally to push a slick finger into his arse, against that bundle of nerves that made him clutch the edge of the table with white-knuckled fingers.
Michael laughed, and John smiled placidly, unable to do much else as the eyes of the only other occupant at the table bored into him.
There was an inexplicable jolt of disappointment at not seeing Sherlock's name across his screen. John hadn't even realized he'd been waiting to hear from him, yet, from the moment the man left his presence, John could admit that he wanted to communicate with Sherlock in some form, any form.
The chorus began again, and the woman swayed in an embrace with her lover, before the spotlight on her began to dim. In the background, Lady Grey lifted a high-heeled foot against the rung of a bar, displaying her sculpted thigh and well-shaped calf to all and sundry. Sherlock shifted in his seat and turned back to the centre stage as the tall, red-haired woman emerged into the spotlight.
John felt his heart stutter in his chest as his phone vibrated, and then double up as he read Sherlock’s text.
“He told me that he didn’t feel like he was supposed to be a man, that he felt trapped in his body. Peter hated it, acting like everything was alright, but he’d thought he was helpless, and I—I was young, too, and didn’t know how to help besides encouraging him to do what he wanted to.” John paused. “Sometimes, when no one else was home, we would steal his sister’s clothes and try them on for fun, but only when we were sure we’d be alone for hours. Then, one day Peter did it while I was away on holiday with my parents, and his dad came home and found him…When I came back, everyone said that Peter had been sent away somewhere to be ‘corrected’ or whatever shite they gave me. I never saw him again after that.”
flat. This was the stranger Sherlock met in the lab, the one that was on the verge of suicide and the very same one who’d gained redemption through two glass panes in an entirely different building.
John bowed his head and pinched the bridge of his nose, praying for patience and the will to resist jamming his foot back into Sherlock's nosy cock. God, help him.
Happy for a distraction, John made himself busy looking through the cabinets for anything edible or something he could throw together. John had been so caught up in everything, he hadn't eaten all day and his stomach was complaining loudly.
John made it with ten minutes to spare, but Sherlock was already there, waiting off to the side of the door as the cab pulled up to the kerb. When John stepped out, Sherlock slipped his phone into one of the many pockets of his coat and bestowed John with a courteous smile, though his eyes were less than as they glided over John's frame unrepentantly.
Dinner was a quiet affair, but not an uncomfortable one. It was easy, the way things should be between them. He didn’t bother trying to hide the fact that he was monitoring John’s food intake. His plate was nearly empty when he finally pushed away from the table, and that was good enough for Sherlock. He ate about half of his own serving and together, they cleaned up and put the rest into the fridge.
Sherlock tossed the gun away and knelt down besides John's body, feeling for his pulse as John's mouth began to froth, eyes open and unseeing.
She lunged forward and embraced him, and John, forgetting himself, dropped the cane and enveloped her in his arms. “Oh my God... Sarah,” he breathed.
John held up a hand, knowing Jasper was only snapping out of frustration, but the knowledge of it didn't make his thoughtless comment hurt any less. Pursing his lips, John tapped his fingers against the arms of the chair before nodding in resolve. "Right. Well I'll just be going now."
“You’re so good like this, John, do you know how pretty you look with my ropes around your thighs, spreading you open?” He panted. “Your greedy, pink little hole gaping. I want to finish inside of you, watch my come dripping down your legs when you stand up.”
When John stepped out of the lift, Janine was at her desk, typing away at her computer with singular focus, until she noticed John. Her frown melted away into a sheepish grin as she stood to meet him. Her dark hair lay in loose curls around her shoulders, one side neatly pinned back with a pearly clip. This time, Janine wore a black pencil skirt and a white peplum blouse that flattered her curves. John tried not to eye her so appreciatively, and blushed as the woman raised an eyebrow at his failed attempt.
John would never be able to give him that. And John didn't take Moriarty for a bluffing man; if John stayed, those pictures would be sent out to every media outlet in England, and no amount of PR money could buy out every single journalist in the country with a story like the one Moriarty would give them. The decision was instantaneous.
Janine nodded at her employer, smiling fondly at the taller man, who returned it with an equally warm one of his own, to John's surprise... and perplexity. Just what kind of relationship did Holmes and Janine have?
“Where?” Sherlock snapped, his breathing laboured and voice trembling as he sprung into action, grabbing his keys and coat, not bothering to put it on as he swept to the door. “I'm on my way.”
John's father greeted him with his usual quick-witted humour and a tight embrace, which John couldn't stop the urge to melt into.
Sarah shook her head solemnly. "I don't know if getting involved with him is a good idea. You said yourself, something was off about him." She folded her arms over her chest and fixed John with a stern look from under her lashes.
John's enhanced hearing suddenly felt like a curse, and he wondered idly, staring up at the water stained ceiling, if he was the only one being subjected to listen to Sherlock go at it across the hall.
The close perusal of his person made John feel warm all over, all leading to one, particular area. "Uh," John said, for lack of anything better to interrupt this tense moment, "your tea is on your desk."
John poked his head out the door beside Sherlock, flashing his baby teeth at Mrs Hudson in a wide smile. "Hi," he greeted jubilantly.
John was turned on his side, facing the back of the couch and felt a long, slim body slip in behind him, wrapping wiry arms around his waist lightly. He sighed, relaxing back into Sherlock's warm body, feeling too sleepy to do anything but grunt in quiet acknowledgment.
John was nervous. What could it be that it had to come with a forewarning? All this time, he'd known that Sherlock was preparing him for something, testing his worthiness, but now that the moment of truth was here, John wondered if he was, perhaps, a bit out of his depth.
John jolted awake shortly thereafter, wiping sweat away with hands that trembled violently under his duress.
John rolled his eyes, smirking fondly at his lover. “Lazy sod,” he mumbled, though there was no real heat behind his words. He shuffled around until he was eye-to-eye with Sherlock and grunted, “Happy?”
have a wife, and before that, a constant line of women traipsing in and out of our flat. It really was inconvenient, especially to the Work.”
"Oh shut it, Rupert! I missed my son, and I will smother him as much as I like!" She threw a fiery glare at her husband, though there was no true ire behind her eyes, and John found himself chuckling at their antics. He really had missed his parents.
Sherlock paused, wanting to snap at the Alpha to get on with it, but when would he have this chance again? If this were his last meeting with John, wouldn't he want it to be memorable for the both of them? That would assure that this wouldn't be the last time they met.
Then, he chuckled quietly, and John joined, relieved that the tension between them was broken. He enjoyed being able to talk to Sherlock without walking on eggshells, and the conversation between them always flowed freely. It made him feel safe, and that thought alone made John want to build his walls right back up. He pressed his lips together and let his eyes fall to their hands on the table, the chuckle tapering off as he sobered.
This was nothing like the night before, where the sex had been soft and passionate. John didn't see soft and brittle emotions in Sherlock's gaze anymore. It was the promise of pain and pleasure, primal lust and rough sex. That was the side Sherlock only showed John glimpses of throughout the day, the flickering flame that never died, the side of Sherlock that always lurked just beneath. That was the man that would take John upstairs, strip him, debase him, and then dominate him.
The pad of Sherlock’s finger was just pressing against John’s arsehole when there was a knock at the door.
John shrugged his shoulders stiffly as he regarded the older man. "Bit out my comfort zone..." Now that he had showered and dressed, John could feel his nerves alighting in anticipation of meeting the pack. He couldn't lie and say that he wasn't nervous of their reactions. It had been years since he had to make a good impression on anyone. John could be himself around his former pack mates, and Bill wasn't one to care about appearances where their pack etiquette was concerned. "Ta for the clothes."
His cock was hard enough to stab through the door and his balls ached like all hell. Greg sighed out a, “Jesus, Mary and Joseph,” before huffing out a tired chuckle.
His cock pushed defiantly against the thin silk of his pyjamas, snug against John’s navel as Sherlock erased the bit of distance left between their bodies. The air between them crackled with electricity, and their movements began to take on a frantic quality. Sherlock was sure John would have finger-shaped bruises on his hips and arse, and his scalp would be sensitive come evening, from the brutality of John’s grip.
He didn't realize how much he missed the change, and running loose in the wild in his true form. These days, even in the remote countryside where it was less populated, it was dangerous for the werewolves to shed their skin. They were widely hunted now, after a very public, extremely violent rash of attacks on civilians and opposing politicians from a group of extremist werewolves that took place more than a decade earlier.
"Except you allowed me to do things to you that you aren't quite ready for." At that, Sherlock lifted his eyes to John, beautifully mercurial and without depth, they sucked up all the light in the room and captivated every empty portion of John's mind until there was only Sherlock.
“No,” she agreed, “there isn’t, but you’re losing your sense of self. I get that she’s this part of you, I do, but you are your own man, John Watson. An attractive one at that. Have you forgotten?”
“Anything,” John whimpered, his eyes tight around the edges. He wanted so badly to come. “Bloody Sherlock, fuck-,” he broke off, shivers wracking up and down his body.
Jasper's bespectacled green gaze flickered from John's eyes, to his lips and back, his own parted just a sliver. John could feel his face heating, and knew the tips of his ears had gone pink. He was so close, too close to what he had been dreaming of for more than a year now, and if he just leaned forward a little...
John had only planned to wash up a bit, but he hadn’t counted on Sherlock wanting to be near him still so soon after sex. He didn’t seem the cuddly type, but John was pleasantly surprised when he offered John to take a shower with him. John reckoned it would be better than catching a cab home feeling mucky and reeking of sex.
Finally, the day was almost over and John could breathe easy again. Since the incident at the café during his lunch with Sarah, John spent what was left of the day feeling as if he were submerged underwater, waiting with bated breath for Holmes' return.
"Please," he begged. He felt empty, and he didn't know if he was hungry for comfort or food. "More, please."
John was certain he hadn’t laughed that much in ages, and the experience was dizzying and lovely, but oddly enough, he still felt that small pinch of discomfort. When the main streets were unavoidable, John would often receive those dreaded double takes. The women knew straight away, they almost always knew the difference between a woman and a man in drag, no matter how professional the make-up. The men could be more easily fooled, and were often distracted first by the appearance of a scantily clad body, before even a glance at the face.
Molly smiled uncertainly. “Well, yes, but - what I mean is, you know… like a date.” Her lips wavered nervously between a smile and a frown, until she seemed to steel herself and press her lips together confidently.
The voice wasn't unexpected, but John felt his brain go offline, all the same. He thought he'd gotten lucky when some old biddy threw away a treasure trove of stale candies and bread on the precipice of expiry. It would have been the first meal John ate in a day and a half.
Sherlock's expression stayed perfectly neutral as he stalked forward to stand before his son, still a head taller with the added advantage of being naturally imposing. "Everything I've ever done has been for your benefit."
Mrs Hudson teared up and held John close, still calling him doctor. "Doctor, I can't imagine what havoc you'll wreak on our Sherlock, but I'm happy to have you back." John bounced on his feet on her lap and let out a delighted squeal as she made faces at him.
Sherlock was already stripping of his suit jacket with sure, measured movements, undoing the cuffs of his shirt once he'd sling his jacket over the lone chair in the corner of the room. Pale eyes narrowed intensely in John's direction, one brow lifting when he didn't immediately comply with Sherlock's order.
John groaned in frustration and plopped down on the bed next to Sarah. "This is going to be a disaster."
“Jealousy is unattractive on you, Lestrade,” Sherlock tutted, reaching up his spindly fingers to snag a crisp from John’s hand. He popped it in his mouth with a pleased hum and extended his hand for the joint. “You're boring me.”
He was through just accepting his shoddy lot in life, and if was to go to the RAMC, then he would make the best of it, and make something of himself. John was going to write home every chance he got, and maybe when Jasper read his letter, he would understand what happened. Jasper could write to him, talk to him again.
"How can you not see that she wants you," Sherlock spoke, his lips brushing the crown of John's head, and the intimacy of it stilled John's fingers. "You see, but you do not observe."
"John," Sherlock whispered, and the word carried everything that John didn't want to see in Sherlock's expression. "John," he said louder, and his footsteps carried him closer. "John, don't-"
He collapsed partly over John’s back, his leg between his lover’s and his hand resting on the small of his back. It was perfect;
John wondered if this was a story he really wanted to hear, knowing that his father rarely held back any details in his anecdotes. It could get a bit uncomfortable, but John just sat back, though alert, ready to cut his father off of he drifted into any unsavoury territory.
Lady Grey released the man and the showgirls circled her briefly, spinning, before they disbanded into a line to do their routine. Up above them, some acrobats tangled around their silks gracefully, while others swung expertly across the room, crisscrossing one another.
John scoffed, lifting his upper body on his elbows, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock who returned the favour, though in a noticeably more impressive fashion. The cheeky bastard. “
John curled up beneath the blanket and closed his eyes, wishing away the echoes of betrayal in Sherlock's eyes and the ghost of his desperate hands grabbing for John.
Sherlock stalked to the window, peering down at Baker Street with a solemn frown. The detective addressed John without turning, assuming he already had the younger male's attention. "My brother is bringing Jasper home."
Mike had a party blower settled between his thin lips, which he breathed into when he met John's eyes, the little paper unfurling like a magic carpet. John chuckled and pulled back to see Sarah's face. "You just couldn't wait to get me in your arms, could you?" He teased, to which Sarah rolled her eyes and delivered a light slap to his bicep.
Irene smiled gamely. “You're right, I don't, but I do know that you can be a stand-offish wanker when you want to be. As your friend, I'm warning you not to cock this up.”
Lestrade stared and stared until the pieces of the puzzle finally began to fall into place, while Sherlock ignored him in favor of pacing with his nose shoved in John's hair, breathing in the smell of baby powder and Enfamil.
over anyone. This could all be just as easily solved with a simple phone call. No need to jump through all these complicated hoops.
"For your sake, Mycroft," Sherlock had transformed from a jittery ball of nerves to an agile predator in the blink of an eye as he stalked to stand toe-to-toe with the older Holmes, "I do hope that wasn't a threat."
John wanted to say, wanted to push Sherlock on his back over the bare floor, climb over his supine body and sink down on the erection pressed against his navel.
Sherlock shifted, smoothly, though the sound of rearranging bones was still unpleasant. He was naked and draped head to toe in red, as if he'd bathed in blood, which, John thought, wouldn't be too far off the mark. He looked like an avenging Angel, a demon, a paradox; beautiful, but deadly and monstrous.
All of his efforts to repress his emotion proved fruitless, however, because Sherlock was watching him with that acute awareness that left him feeling excoriated. John dropped his eyes, pursing his lips to steel himself, and began again. "I need to give them a proper send off. I never did get the chance."
John shrugged. “I don’t know, Sarah.” He ran a hand through his hair and turned away. “I don’t think it would be a good idea.”
The other hand had bypassed his swollen scrotum and now teased the skin of John's perineum, with light, tantalizing presses.
John cleared his throat and turned his eyes back down to his clasped hands, unsure what else to do with them. “It's… been years since I've last confessed.”
"Thank you, Ms Watson, but your presence is no longer required," Sherlock told her, and seeing that the woman was about to argue, he waved a hand dismissively in her direction. "I'd like to continue the session alone with my client."
Rupert needed to know. He’d been as hurt as she when they got the letter in the post. She had to say something, to explain, but Julia couldn’t get her mouth to work.
John chanced a glance and saw that Sherlock was leaning towards the screen, his entire body invested towards John's confession. “Your name; care to share,” he asked, and the last word dragged out on a low breath that John would say anything just to hear again.
"M-Mr Holmes, my name is John Watson." He stepped forward and thrust out a hand, which the older man grasped briefly in his own.
John ignored his comment but levelled the man with his best captain's stare, the one he'd give to his cadets to stop them shooting off at the mouth or put them back in line of need be. It always worked, and this time was no different. Victor straightened up the slightest, mouth drawing in to a thin, pale line.
collapse it to fit in the boot of a cab when Tesco wasn't far, distance-wise), Sherlock realized that he missed his partner severely. There were memories on every corner, their reflection on every window, and of course, there was only the sound of his own footsteps and countless strangers. John had become a constant in Sherlock's everyday life, crucial to everything that made him, including how his mind worked. Before John, there was just the ever-present buzz of voices in the background, and the loud whirring of the inner-workings of his mind. With John, everything had come alive and into focus. Now, John was this tiny little life, but somehow, even in his current state, he brought purpose to the mundanity of life.
Already the steam was seeping into John's skin, relaxing him as he watched Sherlock undress and fold his clothes neatly to place on the counter. Sherlock held a hand out to John and led them both to the bath, where he stepped in first, and then pulled John in to settle carefully between his lengthy legs.
Did he die, only to come back years ahead, a stronger body that could sustain him as it changed rapidly? The bigger question was, would John stop aging once he reached the point in which he’d been before? Or would he speed past the rest of his life to a certain death from the symptoms that came with old age?
John wondered if there would ever be 'just a normal day at the office'. It really didn't look like it was shaping up to be that way, working at Holmes Pharmaceuticals. What madman would walk through those lift doors, next?
By the time Greg had relieved the pressure on his bladder and tended to his morning regimen, Sherlock was already spread out on the couch with his eyes closed, his long form taking up the entirety of the couch.
Like sand in the wind, the fallacy was swept away and Sherlock was alone in a hotel room, smoking his life away and tossing off in front of a window overlooking Big Ben and the London Eye.
“Ella is a certified psychiatrist now. She’s got a nice little office not very far from here, actually…”
John grinned, because of course, this extraordinary man would have an extraordinary job. “Does it involve doing that thing you do?”
Before John realized what was happening, Sherlock sprang from his low crouch and violently tackled a figure that John hadn't seen from where he stood.
Sherlock pulled his fingers through the crown of soft hair, rocking John's small body back and forth. He hid his face in John's hair and bit his lips to keep the sobs from tumbling out.
Then there were the private fights that Sherlock didn't want Greg to hear. In those times, Greg swore that he lived with a married couple. On one occasion, Greg returned home to an empty living room, and when he went looking for his flatmates, he found John and Sherlock arguing in furtive undertones in John's (their) room. Sherlock's back had been towards the door, so it was John who had spotted him. Just a slight flicker of his eyes past Sherlock's shoulder and the tall bastard was turning around. Sherlock spared Greg a scathing, accusatory glare and slammed the door shut between them. Greg had stood there for a moment, shuffling his feet like a child who’d been caught eavesdropping on his parents.
John did as bade, tossing his gun off the side, tracking it across the room where it slid to the corner.
As it was a week night, there wasn't much activity on the streets in the evening, so the walk was easy and the air, light, without the body heat of large crowds. By the time they arrived at The Watch House, Mike had warmed to the idea of imbibing a pint or two, and John was thoroughly convinced that there was nothing else he'd rather do than sink into a booth and allow a pale ale to sink in, smooth and soothing.
At the door, John pressed his ear against it and was treated with the same eerie silence as before. He knocked once and said, “Sherlock, I'm coming in.”
Sherlock brought his lips down to John's ear, breath tickling the skin of his cartilage, sweet and mint-scented. "I can assure you, John that whatever it is you're doing," he paused, planting a light, intimate kiss to the skin behind John's ear, "it won't work. The next we meet this way, you will ask me for what you want, and if I am satisfied that
Once packed, John grabbed his book bag off the floor by the entrance and the duffle with everything he owned. With one last look at the empty bedsit, John walked away, leaving behind everything he'd ever known.
Mrs. Hudson tsked and made her way to the door, turning back as she reached the threshold. "It was a pleasure to meet you, young man," she said kindly to John, and then to Sherlock, "Be a gentleman and make your young man a nice, warm cup of tea." She lowers her voice to a stage whisper on the next words, and John could see a struggle of epic proportions on Sherlock's end not to roll his eyes. "He looks like he's had a rough time of it, what, with all the noise the night before. Remember, dear, these walls aren't as thick as you'd like to think. The volume on my telly can only go up so much, you see."
Sherlock turned away, bringing his hands up to run through his hair in distress. It was confusing, though John felt the word was a misnomer for all the things Sherlock was making him feel. He thought that Sherlock would be happy.
As ambushes became more frequent, John had to learn to keep his head during field surgery, and though it didn't come easy, John eventually learned to breathe on the battlefield. It was always a terrifying situation, but John often found himself with a clear head and steady hands. Where before he had tunnel vision, John could focus on the patient and be aware of his surroundings at all times.
Sherlock sucked and bit the skin to the left of his suprasternal notch until John was sure that there was a bruise there. When Sherlock lifted his head to look at him, his lips were swollen and pink, beautifully vivid against his pale skin and eyes.
"You should've left well enough alone, Holmes. This isn't your problem to deal with, but it will be if you don't turn back the way you came." For all that Förstner appeared manic, his voice was sombre and steady, almost regretful. "Drop the gun, you," he demanded, jerking his arm tighter around John's neck.
Sherlock smiled delightedly and crossed his arms behind his back, his chest jutting out like a bloody, preening bird. “Don't be silly, John. You look fine,” he placated, stalking around the table to run his fingers through John's unruly hair. “Besides,” Sherlock bent to whisper in his ear, followed by a short nip with just a hint of tongue. No, John did not melt! He just got a little dazed…”I like having something to pull.”
"I'm not going to wait forever. My fingers are long enough to bring myself pleasure, but I'd rather have this," Sherlock's hand shot out, grabbing a handful of John's groin in his palms, and leaned forward to run his lips across the bulge, "inside of me."
“The moronic things that come from your mouth, but I guess I should have expected that. You're an idiot like all the rest,” Sherlock grit out, his teeth scraping loudly in the close quarters. “Yes,” Sherlock said when John frowned, “you're an idiot if you think I'd want anything more to do with Jim Moriarty. The man is a plague and an unfortunate part of my past that I want nothing to do with.”
Throughout the course of their interaction, the room had grown stifling, and so their bodies moved slickly against one another, moist and warm. Sherlock's hands moved up and tangled in John's hair, hanging on as John moved inside of him.
Holmes' brow furrowed as if he were confused. "Really?" One eyebrow arched sceptically. "That's not what people usually say."
John sighed and attempted to tug his hand away, even as his stomach fluttered at the thought. "Sherlock, I'm
to Holmes? Holmes was undoubtedly aesthetically pleasing to the eye, with those cheekbones, sharper than a Damascus sword, and long legs he found himself compelled to worship with his lips. John had the visceral urge to drop to his knees and devote his body to whatever hedonistic ideals the man had.
John stepped into the room and looked his friend over in concern. "You alright, mate? You look like hell."
John couldn't bring himself to turn and face Sherlock, even though everything inside of him screamed that he had to leave. He didn't want to see Sherlock spiral down the same maddening abyss as Harry had. It had killed him, watching her try to crawl out of a hole that just kept getting deeper and deeper, until she was buried in her own despair and a mountain of drugs and alcohol to make up for it. He couldn't watch that happen again.
A soft, breathy sigh and the slick sound of something wet smacking together. There was no possible way this wasn't what Greg suspected. He figured that he should feel guilty about the intent to witness what should be a private moment, but Greg really did just want to confirm his suspicions, that's all; absolutely no other reason he’d be sneaking on the steps at two in the morning.
“I… I never intended for you to feel that way. A crutch implies one that is only needed to fill a void, but I assure you, you’ve meant more to me than that for a long time now.” Sherlock cleared his throat, discomfited by his need to validate John’s position in his life as much for himself as for John.
A groan built in his throat as he pitched forward and used his free hand to reach around John to the zip of his corset. Sherlock managed to tear his lips away and tried to refrain from leaning back in as every nerve-ending in his body alighted with chaotic sensation. His fingers tingled where they rested on the tiny, metallic clasp.
Stepping away was painful, turning his back on that beautiful man. All he'd wanted to do was plant himself between those long legs and wrap himself around Sherlock like a Boa Constrictor. Every step away felt like a great distance between them, stretching further and further, and John could feel the stare burning through him.
Sherlock’s place wasn’t very far, a quaint two-storey building nestled between a café and a row of residential flats.
He was limping, leaning heavily on a cane as he descended the steps. John held himself stiffly, and she could see from where she stood that his left shoulder sagged lower than the right. Dark, puffy bruises undercut his indigo eyes, highlighted his sunken cheeks and the lack of something vital missing from her son’s eyes.
In between deciding what they wanted to make for dinner, John and Sherlock bickered like an old, married couple. It was all actually quite fun.
An hour passed and there was still no sign of Sherlock or Jasper, so John figured he might have time to grab a sandwich and a packet of crisps from the shop next door. He ate, feeling ravenous, realizing he hadn't had anything to eat all day, which was more than unusual for him. Everything that day had been happening so quickly and John hadn't had time to pause and think of himself. Finishing his sandwich, John balled up the wrapper and threw it in the bin on the pavement and put the crisps in his bag to save for later, before settling down on the steps again. The later it became, the lower the temperature fell, and John was left huddled over his knees with his arms wrapped around his shoulders in order to conserve warmth.
, he didn’t say. He was feverish and desperate, standing on the brink of something life-altering with this extraordinary man that could get his heart pumping like a locked-room mystery. Sherlock was ready to face this head on, to spread John open and
Greg resigned himself to a night of EastEnders and leftover chicken tikka masala. Sherlock's bedroom door stayed firmly shut, with only the glow of the light beneath the door to show that he was awake. Probably waiting up for John, anyway.
When the food was cleared away and the bill, settled, Sherlock pulled John out into the night again, a smile teasing at his lips, though John was sure he didn't even know he was doing it. It was endearing, and John felt something pull at his chest, seeing such a shrewd man suddenly appear so light and relaxed.
“All that running hasn't done you much good, John,” Sherlock said, voice low as he scanned the room again with as much regard as he’d grant a cockroach. “And here you're back again...” Frigid, blue eyes flashed down to John's leg, froze on his shoulder, then back to meet his gaze. “Broken. Pathetic.”
And we're back with the third chapter of this little ditty. I hope you all enjoyed the last. Once again, thank you to my lovely betas
It was automatic, without inflection. The words simply came and Sherlock was just the conduit. It was an out of body experience. He was wherever John was at the moment, floating between life and a dark abyss.
Lestrade and Molly both nursed steaming cups of tea, heavily caffeinated as far as John could smell. The pair of them had already turned to greet him before John even realized that they noticed him approaching.
John knew what they looked like. Two estranged lovers coming together after being apart for too long, and in a way, John thought maybe that was what was happening. They had never been lovers, but closer than, without the added intimacy. John nodded.
His legs were spread widely, obscenely, buckled into the cuffs on either side of the bar. John could see between the gap in his arms, see the way he'd been spread open with no way to cover himself. Now he understood why Sherlock had been so insistent before. Sherlock wanted John to be sure that he would trust him in his most vulnerable state.
“I think we both know what an idiotic question that is, John. Surely,” Sherlock said slowly, stopping to flick his eyes down and then up John's body in an engulfing motion that spoke far louder than any words. “I don't have to spell it out for you.”
John's heart was beating too fast, but not fast enough, and altogether too slow. Arrhythmia. Sherlock Holmes would be the death of him, and then he would
“And you didn’t stay,” Irene deadpanned, her knees pulled to her chest as she gave John the most unimpressed look in the history of unimpressed looks. She couldn’t look anymore disappointed with him, and the thought didn’t settle well. “Why?”
Molly folded her arms across her chest and stared down her feet, licking her lips almost nervously. "Well, I'm here if you- if you ever wanted to talk or anything."
At his tone, Sherlock raised his head as John limped out of the room, leaning heavily on the cane, and into the loo. He sounded upset; sharp, concise words and a bit bossy to boot. He had half a mind to drag John back and throw him over his knee. The thought certainly appealed to Sherlock’s flagging erection.
Sherlock smiled, that same lopsided little thing that made his stomach do flip-flops. “Goodnight, John.” Then the bastard winked and shut the door. In his face.
John shed his clothes and slid into the shower, though there was barely enough room to move and Sherlock didn't provide any accommodations. The droplets of water ricocheting off of Sherlock's body combined with the frigid air of the bathroom left John huddled in the corner hoping that Sherlock didn't use all of the hot water. As tantalizing as it was having an unhindered view of Sherlock's wet, naked body, John's bollocks were nearly shriveled.
In the pram, John gave a little wiggle and cried out sharply, followed by a series of uncomfortable whimpers.
Sherlock showed absolutely no signs of surprise or welcome at Mycroft's uninvited entrance into 221B.
Angelo laughed and patted Sherlock on the back, the latter slightly dismayed at the contact, before backing away. “He also kept my business from going under when no bank would give me loan.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and swatted John's hand away, mumbling, “I’m fine,” as he dropped his head to pull John into a greedy kiss. It's slow, churning sensations and wet skin, and suddenly it seemed as though there was never any distance between them. John ran soapy fingers through Sherlock's wet hair and the groan this elicited sent a warmth shooting keenly through John's loins, hot and sultry.
John jolted awake abruptly, chest heaving as he blinked to clear the remnants of his latest nightmare away. The room was cloaked in darkness and John found himself afraid of it for the first time since he was child. Breathing deeply, he rubbed his palms across his eyes to scrub away the sleep that had collected there and lifted his legs off the couch and onto the floor.
Sherlock snorted, and John knew things were about to take an ugly turn. The fact that it was going to happen right outside his door was a bonus. It would be nice to hear Victor taken down a notch. John had never been a vindictive person, but Victor wasn't a particularly nice man, either.
If John thought that he was one of many, then Sherlock wasn't doing something right. What could he have missed? How could John think that he was ordinary when he was singularly the most confusing, intriguing person Sherlock had ever known? How could he believe that Sherlock didn't feel for him stronger than he’d ever felt, that he spent entire nights trying to figure out emotions he thought that he would never experience in his lifetime?
John’s nape was blushing and vulnerable, so Sherlock placed his lips there and sucked, stomach quivering at his submissive’s luxurious moan. He snapped his hips forward, driving into John with the fervency of one deprived of touch for far too long. John met him for each thrust, not shying away from the hard grind of Sherlock’s cock ramming his prostate ruthlessly.
Sherlock blinked, his eyes flickering down to John’s toes where they dug into the carpet. A nervous habit.
John arched his hips under the feel of those long, talented fingers stroking his penis with controlled ardor. Slowly, Sherlock lowered his head to John's covered cock, never releasing John from an entrancing, heated stare as his lips gently kissed the head of his penis. It was tender and intimate, the devotion he bestowed upon John, as he sucked his throbbing member further between his swollen lips.
Answering phones wasn't too much of a challenge for him, and he found that the majority of calls were from companies on the list of dismissals. It wasn't until close to his lunch time that anything interesting happened.
John turned, unable to see in the darkness, but wishing he could see his lover's face and figure out why he was being so jumpy. John sought out a shoulder in the darkness and used it as a guide to skirt up his neck and into tangled curls. He reached up and placed a reassuring kiss on Sherlock's lips and then pulled back just as quickly when the older man's breath began to come in quicker.
John knelt on groaning knees, thinking that he was getting too old for this, and clasped his hands on the ledge. He could see the man’s profile through the screen; the pale skin and dark hair, blue eyes. The vicar was looking at him. Was he supposed to say something, or did John go first?
Before long, it was too late, and though they remained close, life happened and Sherlock dropped out of Cambridge to live the ignominous life of a drug addict while Victor graduated and moved to New York to pursue his career in the fashion industry.
He rang his bell and a moment later his butler arrived at the door. “Summon my nephew, would you, and show my brother up to the office, Winston.” The man bowed his head politely and turned, before Mycroft stopped him once more. “Oh, and have Marian bring up tea.”
The first stroke dragged a huff of air from Sherlock's throat, then again on the second before it elevated to a choked gasp and Sherlock began to move again, sinking down onto John's cock and then up into his hand. John was fast approaching delirium under Sherlock's pace. The man began to move erratically, and John knew he was close to reaching his peak. John wanted the piquant flavor of Sherlock's semen on his tongue, on his chest, in his throat.
Before Sarah had even finished her sentence, John was shutting her down with a hopeless shake of his head. “You didn't see him, Sarah,” John said, remembering the look in Moriarty’s gloomy gaze. John saw madness and corruption, a bleak emptiness that could never be filled because nothing was ever there in the first place. John thought of the hair rising on his arms as he sat there under that malignant stare, slowly being picked apart by nothing more than a few chilling sentences. Moriarty gave the illusion of a choice, but they sparred with words knowing fully which of them had the upper hand, and it wasn't John. In Moriarty’s eyes, he was only a pawn in the game of chess he'd been playing with Sherlock since their time together.
relationships and if what they had was just sex and power dynamics, was it worth the trouble and John's peace of mind?
The slant of light through his window hinted at an overcast mid-morning, and the noises of thriving Westminster were just beginning to trickle through the gaps in the sill.
"Shut up," John growled and slid back until Sherlock's legs fell from their perch on John's shoulder, and his arse was lying in John's laps. John pulled him up until Sherlock was sitting in his lap, panting into each other's mouths with crazed smiles. "Show me what you want me to do to you."
Holmes' smile softened from cynical to light amusement for a fraction of a second before it faded back to nonchalance once again.
John wasn't an idiot, he knew that trusting Sherlock wouldn't be easy, and yet somehow, he found himself submitting to Sherlock's whim almost without a second thought. The scary part of that revelation was that he still hadn't felt even an ounce of remorse over his inability to control his bodily urges whenever Sherlock was around.
It wasn’t much different kissing Sherlock without the cameras and crew, and Molly watching them. Sherlock kissed like a depraved man, a plundering wet tongue and sharp nips that were sure to leave John’s mouth swollen and aching. His lips latched onto John’s tongue and sucked, swallowing the belly-deep moan he’d drawn from John with ruthless efficiency.
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed, head bending, body lurching forward as John’s throat constricted around his cock. “Just like that, yes, yessss.”
Sherlock sat back, unlacing his hands from the cup and folding his arms over his chest, positively sulking. He rolled his eyes as if the very thought of John having a separate life was absurd. “You're
There was wetness against his chest, his own semen, and shortly after, John's, as he pulled out to come with a choked groan. Feeling proprietary and startled with himself, Sherlock rubbed their joined seed into his chest, bringing it up to inhale and ingest with an exploratory tongue.
Lestrade frowned in dismay, looking up at Sherlock from under lowered brows, but the steady stream of words from the pack alpha continued unhindered. "Following the squabble from the day before, I returned to the clearing and found these, which also may shed some light on your idiotic brains as to how crucial this situation has become." The man held out his hand, unfurling his fingers to reveal three tiny silver balls, not much larger than an orange seed, but John still felt his eyes widen at the sight of it. The room grew quiet, as all waited with bated breath for Sherlock to explain.
Sherlock went completely still behind him, and John knew that didn't bode well for anyone involved. "No, I
"Guess there's nothing to tell them, is there?" The words sounded hollow and wrong coming from his mouth, but John pushed away the sickening squeeze in his gut and plowed on. "I mean, relationships aren't your area, so what we do... I mean I'd just tell them it's a bit of fun. No harm done, no reputations ruined."
The room was painted in darker colours and lit with natural light, fortunately for John's eyes. The whole back wall was a window that boasted an extravagant view of Canary Wharf and beyond. There was another large desk pushed sideways so that one's back wouldn't be facing the floor-to-ceiling glass. There were no mementos or family photos displayed on the desk, just piles of paper, a box of nicotine patches and a Rubik's Cube, already solved.
"Or you'll what," Holmes cut in, though now his velvet baritone lowered to a soft, deadly cadence that made John's heart pick up in a stuttering staccato rhythm. The man stepped forward and into Gillian's personal space, looking for all the world like someone with nothing to lose. The man was a nutter! He was completely outnumbered, yet stood fearless and daunting before these thugs, like some dark knight. If John hadn't been as grateful, then he would have thought this a rather cheesy, rom-com movie moment.
John squeezed his hands round the chain on his cuffs and pushed his arse down onto Sherlock's cock, eager and wanton. As much as he enjoyed Sherlock's ministrations, John had wanted him inside hours ago.
Mycroft wanted to spit, but in the same turn, he found pleasure in the knowledge that he knew better than to get involved. Caring turned better men into savages.
On the middle shelf, between a stainless steel cock ring and a tube of lubrication, John could see a set of balls connected by a string, each one larger than the last. There were a few varieties of the beads, one John was worried to think that someone could fit up their arse without tearing anything.
Finally, Sherlock took a deep breath and continued. “Sex is… not something that requires much thinking, and for the money it pays, I can tolerate mindless idiots in the time it takes to film. This,” Sherlock said, indicating his body with a flick of his wrist, “is merely transport. It doesn’t take much to get the body to do what I want it to, and it’s easy for me to disconnect. However, I found that impossible to do with you.”
Rupert, entering from the backyard, noticed her distress immediately and rushed to her side as Julia sank down onto the couch.
He'd been without either for several days now, and John didn't want to be presented to the other wolves like vulnerable prey. It was bad enough being in unfamiliar territory, and John would rather be prepared for the worst before being introduced to this seemingly hostile group.
Seeing those sharp, angular features highlighted even more so under the soft glow of the telly, nearly gave John a conniption. Before he could even register his visitor, let alone, allow the surprise to sink in, John had flung the sandwich away in lieu of yielding the ceramic plate like a hatchet.
Sherlock lifted his chin until he was staring at John under lowered lids, and said, “Another,” in a breathless command.
He'd slept with Sherlock on the couch, but John hadn't had an elevated temperature or any symptoms to speak of. He needed to know what was happening.
Of course Sherlock wasn't planning on using the riding crop. Beating was such an archaic method of taming anyone, and unsavoury. He didn't want some whimpering sap crying at his feet. For all that Sherlock warred against his Omega instincts, the action of causing physical pain most often left a bad taste in his mouth. Biologically, Sherlock was a nurturer - an abhorrent, obstructive attribute - and relied on the notion that reverting to physical violence wasn't the only means of recourse in subduing someone. The mind was a powerful weapon in itself that Sherlock gleefully took full advantage of when it came to manipulation and psychological games.
where you can follow me. I post update statuses and, occasionally, excerpts (also top!Sherlock-y stuff*). So if that's your thing, come meet me!
Whoever she was, Lady Grey was exquisite, and Sherlock was rebuking himself for even thinking such a thing. 'She' wasn’t even a she, so why was he calling her that?
Stamford smiled and leant in. “My wife works here,” he explained, leading Sherlock to a table as the heavy curtains fell on all three stages, blocking the peculiar woman from Sherlock’s inquisitive stare. “She said she loves it. They’ve just moved into this building from a sordid little place in a crummy area, so this is a big improvement, I’d say.”
John swallowed, unable to look away from the eyes of the madman who turned him on faster than a pubescent teenage boy discovering pornography for the first time.
He changed quickly, once again able to wear his suits without the fear of a terribly young John wreaking havoc on the silk of his shirts or the expensive fabric of his trousers. He left the jacket off for the time being and walked into the sitting room.
The waiter delivered the drinks to the table, and Sherlock recommended his preferred dish to John, which he agreed to readily, and soon the waiter was off to place their orders.
John’s brows furrowed as he stared up at the Holmes, with his stupid (striking), smug smirk and that (wonderfully tight) shirt that strained across his broad chest. He could have been a living sculpture created by Phidias himself.
“My apologies, John. I didn't mean to- to frighten you. Just a bit- bit under the weather, it seems,” Sherlock told him placatingly, though the words were stilted and gasping, unlike the usual mellifluous flow of Sherlock's speech. “I should get you a cab home.”
In Victor’s studio, Sherlock watched as Victor took John's measurements, his mind attempting to skirt around the volley of inappropriate thoughts forcing their way to the fore as he studied the curved line of John's back through his shirt.
As she introduced herself, the woman's bright gaze never left John's, searching and coy beneath a wave of dark lashes. "Well aren't you pretty," she smiled, though to John, it was more like a salacious baring of teeth. Without so much as a by your leave, Irene strutted around the table and down the hall, intent on barging in on Sherlock without proper admittance.
John waited until the man had backed away a few feet before grabbing for the bowl. He was starving. The past few days he had been running from the hunters and the hunger hadn't set in yet. It was just a simple sausage and beans, but John found himself devouring it without delay. God, he felt like he could cry, the feeling of relief was so overwhelming. Shoving another handful into his mouth, John made to snatch the cup up with his unoccupied right hand, and swallowed as much water as he could manage.
She felt betrayal above all, bright and sparking like a livewire as she whispered his name and commanded his attention. John owed her that much, to look into her eyes and see how much his absence hauled her spirit over the coals.
more than he needed, but it was inevitable that they would conjoin and become one entity. That was the only way that Sherlock could survive
“Keep your eyes on me, John,” he demanded, his voice not as steady as before, hitching and breathless with his movements. “Can I have it?”
His mother harrumphed and rapped him on the back of the head as she got up to clear the tea. "Ungrateful brat," she huffed. "This is all from your side of the family, Rupert." Her words were spoken with sharp, clipped elocution, but John could see the corners of her lips tilt up slightly, hiding her smile.
There’s hardly enough room in the shower for two grown men, but they make it work, due in part to their unwillingness to stray far from the other. John couldn’t stop touching him, letting his hands wander to places he hadn’t the chance to before. Sherlock had him about the waist, large hands caressing his hips and lower back in soothing strokes. John could feel him breathing along his temple, blowing frigid air on his wet hair. He shivered, digging grooves into trapezius muscle, marking Sherlock’s smooth pastel skin a fetching pale coral hue.
John blushed, watching his friend's lips wrap around the little white stick, wishing he could feel if they were soft or dry, smooth or rough, how they would feel against his own. The two of them had been knowing each other since the beginning of their Juniors, but hadn't really talked much until they began Secondary. They took most of the same classes together, and while Jasper was already eighteen, John was a few months from reaching his majority and leaving school to hopefully pursue a military career.
John frowned, rubbing the ridge between his brows with his forefinger and thumb. "Alright, you persistent old codger," John grumbled, to which his father smiled gleefully in return. Accepting his fate, John turned to confide in his father, feeling the weight in his chest give a little. "I've been seeing someone, and it just so happens that he is also my boss."
"Back again, then, Mr Watson?" She asked, pleased. John had the feeling he would come to like this woman very much. Janine came around the desk and held out a hand, which John shook briefly, then stepped back. Her smile widened a fraction, as she leaned in conspiratorily. "You've made quite an impression on the boss. That's a rarity, indeed, Mr Watson. You should be proud."
John scrambled to do as asked, resulting in an errant knee trodding none-too-gently over Sherlock’s erection. He grunted and bucked John off with a scowl, only to be tempered with amusement as John struggled about beside him, fighting with the button on his trousers,
John swallowed, and forced himself to carry on to the tube that would get him as close to his miserable little bedsit as possible.
Everything felt different. London wasn't home anymore and the people were too pale, the sky too dreary and there was absolutely no excitement. Without the war, life was bland.
He stared, a prisoner to John's misty, blue gaze. “You should never have left,” he whispered, lifting a palm to lie against his lips.
Sherlock jerked forward, his hips stuttering as he rammed through his hand, mouth open and gasping as he came, splattering against the window pane and then dripping onto the carpet.
Sherlock and Sally didn't look the least bit put out by it; if anything they acted as if it hadn't bothered them at all, but John knew there was rage crawling just beneath their skin. The look Lestrade exchanged with him over the dining room table alerted him that he noticed it too. The scent of satisfaction was heavy in the air, but there was also weariness and fear.
The canopy was gone, leaving a bare bed with eggshell sheets that bore the signs of a recent wash and press, and a few fluffy pillows. Sherlock didn’t bother telling Mrs Hudson not to come up there, anymore. The woman did what she wanted, and she couldn’t stand a dusty room, even if she wasn’t sleeping in it. The bed was the same, however, large and stately, enough to fit five adult men. Sherlock could never bring himself to get rid of it.
"You're quite welcome, dear. I wasn't sure when to bring it up. Sherlock has strict instructions not to wake you, but I figured you might be worried when you couldn't find your clothes, mind. I wanted to make one trip up, with my hip being the way it is and all, so if you'd like tea, you'll have to come down and join me."
John felt restless. There was no way he’d be able to sleep with every nerve-ending on alert and Sherlock unwilling to talk to him about their current dilemma.
Mrs Hudson came close, grabbing a tiny fist between her fingers as John gave her a wide, toothless smile.
The words sunk like lead in John's stomach, not sure if he was ready to confront Sherlock, just yet, on his decision.
Inside, music was just beginning to play, and slowly, the wooden doors opened, along with two heavy, red velvet curtains. The crowd moved forward, some gasping in awe while others chattered excitedly, pointing as acrobats twirled elegantly in the air, tangled in aerial silks. A beautiful, dark-haired woman in a ringleader costume shouted enthusiastically into her microphone on a protruding platform at centre stage.
When no sound of feet retreating to the room reached his ears, Sherlock opened one eye, then the other to see John staring fretfully through the kitchen door and down the hallway.
Anderson squawked indignantly, but the harsh glare dealt by Sherlock was enough to silence him immediately.
The first weeks, John had tried Jasper's mobile repeatedly, against Sherlock's advice. Sometimes five times a day he would attempt to call or text, until one day he'd received a message that the phone had been disconnected. Afterwards, John had locked himself in the bathroom for over an hour, feeling desolate and at a loss of what to do. He'd slumped down the wall and hung his head between his knees, practicing breathing exercises and trying to hold back the well of tears.
"I would never," Sherlock said suddenly, "and stop looking at me that way. You're not ready for another fucking, but don't tempt me."
Robbie and Rory are there now, holding his slack body up while Alfie pummels him like a Heavy Bag. The thug goes for a jab in the gut, and John feels the breath whoosh from his lungs in one sharp exhale. There's blood in the back of his throat now, and John can feels his eyes bulging from lack of oxygen.
“I’m still not sure what to think of this all, but being around you… it’s impossible for me not to be attracted to you,” Sherlock stated hesitantly.
Sherlock surveyed the area with a raised brow before turning pointedly to Lestrade and Sally. "Find something to string them up with. I want this to be the first thing the hunters see when they come looking. Then get rid of the Breadcrumbs. Take them as far away from the border as possible."
Sherlock glanced behind him at the tiny space allotted for cooking. It was a small hob with two cookers built in next to a sink, beside which was stuffed a miniature refrigerator. Above the hob was a microwave and a cabinet, which Sherlock could see through the cracked door only enclosed a few mismatched cups, a plate, and a bowl.
John had to admit Holmes was intense. The man spoke about thousands of people losing their careers so nonchalantly, as if none of it mattered to him one way or the other.
Sherlock didn't actually tell him what he’d popped in for until he’d dropped off into sleep for a few hours and roused near midday.
Sarah’s lips pulled up at the corners, a smile hovering around her lips. “Perfect. I’ve been perfect, save for the fact that I’ve been missing my friend.” She reached across the table and grabbed ahold of John’s hand where it rested beside his cup. “I really believed something bad happened to you… I mean, I stopped hearing from you—you stopped writing and all I could do was speculate.”
Sherlock dropped his head until their foreheads nearly touched, staring at John beneath hooded lids. “And what's in it for me?”
Instead of fingers, Sherlock's hands were a solid touch over his pectorals, a possessive claim on every inch of John's skin that he could reach. The drag of lips down his sternum was unexpected, just a hint of moistness following in their wake.
"Hm, depends on your sources. I'm sure there are many things you've read about me," Sherlock sniffed, though he was quite enjoying the exchange.
John blinked rapidly, rubbing the sleep from his eyes with trembling hands. He stood, turning to where Sherlock was already waiting, rocking impatiently on his feet as John pulled himself together.
John ran a hand through his hair and started to approach her, but Julia warded him off with a hand and a stern look. “Mum, I’m—”
“Did you miss this?” Sherlock rumbled. “The feel of having me inside you? The blood pumping through your veins. Just you and me, and no one else?” He hissed out the last word, forcing hot breath into John’s ear, thrilling in the way his body shook as Sherlock teased him relentlessly. John’s hand on his cock had gone still the moment Sherlock began speaking, but just that amount of relief was pushing him to his threshold. “Did you miss me?”
“Don't offer me something you aren't ready to give,” Sherlock added, his stare pinning John in place.
Sherlock closed his eyes and slept with John's gleeful giggles smoothing the way to a peaceful slumber.
John's fingers clenched and unclenched nervously at his sides from where he leant against the back wall, watching the passengers come and go. The ride was mercifully short, leaving John with little time to doubt his decision to work for Holmes.
Whatever happened, Sherlock had a feeling that this wouldn't be the last he would see of John Watson.
Thank you all for the lovely comments and the kudos. You guys are the best! Finally we meet Lestrade, and things between our boys are beginning to heat up. Will Sherlock allow John to stay, and how will the pack feel about their temporary charge? Until next time!
When those eyes landed on him - so suddenly, so unexpectedly - John looked behind himself in case there was someone there. But there wasn’t, and then she was reeling him in with a smile. Like a fish on a hook, John was unable to help his approach.
John looked down from over Sherlock's shoulders to twin cerulean eyes openly observing him. “How do you feel,” Sherlock enquired, lifting a thumb to stroke over John's swollen lips, and John licked them automatically as Sherlock pulled away.
John complied quickly, watching as Sherlock took a few calming breaths and closed his eyes briefly. When they opened, Sherlock appeared as composed as if he'd never moved, except that his body stayed stiffly propped up in his chair.  "If you're quite finished, John, we will continue," he muttered irritably, his voice pitched to a low timbre.
’, he used to sneer, hated the very idea of it, but now sentiment had Sherlock cramming his face in John's neck and willing himself not to collapse on top of John. He wanted to rage, to plunder, to take, to keep John forever and lock him away. No one would ever take John again.
Sherlock closed his eyes, calling back the control over himself that he seemed to have forgotten since the news of John's return.
The rest of the ride was quiet, and John knew he was brooding, could feel his father's eyes on him as he stared out the window. Between the dramatics with Sherlock and the conversation about Harry, John felt drained, as well as the beginnings of a migraine creeping up on him.
John jolted awake sharply, shivering with the onslaught of ice cold water being heaped upon his person in the most violent way possible. His chest heaved as he breathed in and out, in and out. God, John could breath. He was alive! How could he be alive? John opened his eyes in bemusement, first his left, and then the right, not too sure if he was still dreaming or not.
A knock at the door startled John and he jumped slightly at the surprise before clearing his throat. "Just a moment!"
The man was mad, obviously, and Julia didn’t have time for it. Her son was closer than he’d been in years and she needed to see him, to confirm with her own eyes that he was okay.
They were in the confessional, and Sherlock was leaning close enough to the screen that his nose was nearly pressed against it.
John's hands on his skin was a phenomenal sensation, as if every nerve in his body was acting on electrical impulses, activated by John's touch. Sherlock wanted to move closer, push his body against John's and offer himself up.
The phone on his chest vibrated. John picked it up, unlocking it much quicker than he would ever admit to doing, his heart thumping in anticipation.
John squeezed his eyes shut, his stomach fluttering uncomfortably as he lay there bare and forgotten about, exactly the way Jim Moriarty wanted him. Because if John hadn't known any better, he would say that the night turned out exactly as the vile man planned for it to. John felt like a pawn in a game of chess. This was foreplay for Sherlock and Jim, and John was just the unfortunate bloke who overestimated his position in Sherlock's life and paid all the more for it.
John cut himself off before he could make a complete fool of himself, crying like a child over a man who had made it explicitly clear that all that was in their future was sex.
The room was bright and empty, and felt immensely larger without Holmes's presence. The man had a penchant for making enclosed areas seem smaller than they were, being such an imposing personality, and all. He placed the cup on the desk and looked around, curious.
John crossed his arms over his chest, shielding himself from Mycroft's gaze as the man stared at him with perplexity. John held his tongue from issuing the challenge that burned at the back of his throat. There was something shark-like and distinctly more sinister about the way the man appeared to look right through him. John didn't like it, but he was in no way prepared to fight anyone, least of all, a man who may just be their saving grace.
"Wild kittens... John, what on Earth are you on about," Sherlock replied, honestly bewildered by John's innermost thoughts bursting inconveniently from drink-loosened lips.
Jasper gave him a rude gesture, which John dutifully ignored as he laid out the food. The other boy finally seemed to have notice his father, who had quietly been observing them from the kitchen entrance, arms crossed over his chest.
“I’m fine,” he snarled, and stood. “I’ll return shortly.” Without another word, Sherlock skirted around the dining tables and made a beeline for the doors, aching for a cigarette to soothe his frayed nerves.
The older man turned to a door on their immediate right that John guessed opened up to the bathroom he had mentioned before. "Here you are, I'll just go fetch some clothes for you. Shaving kit is under the sink; looks like you'll be needing that."
Lestrade looked up at that, staring at Sherlock with a mix of pity and confusion. "You named him John?"
John turned fully in his seat to face Holmes, eyebrows raised in surprise. That was not exactly what he had been expecting. "Janine is a wonderful assistant, but she doesn't have a taste for adventure. But you," at this, Holmes' eyes roved over his body, and a familiar heat built in his groin, "you
“John, I promise. The moment I'm sure, you'll be the first to know,” Sherlock assured softly. He closed the distance between them and cupped John's face with gentle hands. “I won't let them get away with what they've done to your pack. We’ll tear them limb from limb. Together.”
Without the protection that pack life could provide, John's life expectancy would go down by half. One day he would stumble upon territory wherein the pack leader would not be as accommodating.
No matter how many times he read the note, John couldn't decipher the meaning. It read like a nursery rhyme, but if it was, it was one he hadn't heard of. Those things often circulated around humans, passed down for generations. Wolves had songs, which they sang with their howls.
The door swung open, and there stood Sherlock, fully dressed and leaning against the door. Behind him, John was hitting a nail with a hammer in perfectly timed thumps. For the love of God, he thought in exasperation. He was having heart palpitations, and Sherlock, the smug git, was smirking as if he'd known what Greg had been thinking.
He really should’ve known, Sherlock mused. He’d bent himself in half intending to mollify John’s anxiety, because as set as he was on hiding it, the way he clenched the sheets between his damp fist spoke volumes. He knew that one kiss, one touch, one anything with John was never enough to ease his appetite for the man.
Everything about the day had been odd and more than slightly awkward, what with the exchange with the unexpected visitor, and the sultry encounter with Sherlock. The man's capability of crawling so deftly beneath his skin was alarming, and if that wasn't a sign that John should run the other way at the first chance, then he didn't know what was.
"Focus, John," Holmes hissed in annoyance at John's wandering attention. John released a tremulous breath and locked gazes with the man leaning over him. Holmes' eyes were dilated, darkened with lust and exhilaration. He was beautiful and mercifully near enough to touch, so John reached out and clutched a handful of dark curls. Pulled him forward.
He was embarrassed, but Sherlock wasn’t going to let him be. This was a man who’d willingly dropped his guard before Sherlock in many pleasant occasions. How could John assume that Sherlock would think any less of him? If anything, John’s strength made his chest swell with pride.
After the army, where John had been forced to suppress his wolf, the first change following his discharge had been extremely unpleasant. John had been close to death that night. Harry found him covered in blood and self-inflicted wounds, naked and dehydrated. He'd gone feral.
Greg had one foot on the bottom step and the other on the floor, already turning his body to follow the sound through the kitchen to the short corridor that led to the loo and John’s shared bedroom. Another series of thumps, louder and more rhythmic, like wood hitting plaster. Greg stalked through the hallway, keeping his breathing low and even as he strained his ears to hear better. If this was what he thought it was...
"I don't know, John, I quite like having you beneath me," he breathed with a hint of a smirk, but his eyes were burning.
He unclipped the garter belts from the top of the stocking and hooked his fingers beneath the edge. Slowly, reverently, Sherlock pulled the silk down John’s legs, then bent to kiss each patch of revealed skin. With a hand cupping John’s ankle, Sherlock ran his tongue up the calf, doling out intermittent nips the further up he went. At his inner-thigh, Sherlock gripped the skin between his teeth and sucked in a way that he knew would elicit a response from the man above him.
Slowly, reality began to creep back into the edges of John's hazy vision, soaking away the pleasure until it dawned on him what exactly he was doing and who he was doing it with.
So John played along and returned to his previous position on his knees, elbows on the ledge and hands clasped. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him.
Finally he found some canned beans and a loaf of bread that hadn't yet reached its expiry date. "Well, beans on toast it is."
When John made no move to push him away, Sherlock reached forward to nuzzle into the warm, sweat-sticky slope between John’s neck and shoulder.
John stopped breathing, along with the others in the room, until all of Sherlock's words became a jumble of slurred syllables he could no longer comprehend. The only thing he could get his eyes to focus on, was the bobbing of Sherlock's Adam's apple as he continued to speak.
John could feel his eyes well up in joy and pain, remembering the strife of the last year and beyond. Vaguely, he felt Sherlock pull him close, but John was lost to the wave of happiness and relief, like a physical weight. He was no longer Atlas, with the weight of the world carried on his back. He was something else he hadn't been in years; someone he hadn't remembered in so long.
Sherlock looked like a peacock, pecking at his ruffled feathers. John pressed his lips so as not to laugh at his agitated lover. He was such a drama queen. “What,” Sherlock snapped when he caught John staring.
The back of John’s thigh quivered against the front of Sherlock’s, flushed red beneath the cotton rope. He was going to come soon if Sherlock didn’t pull himself together, cock-ring or not.
In that moment, John's vision is sharp with clarity and he's the strongest, fastest, bravest, cleverest that he's ever been. He feels alive; can feel the blood rushing through his limbs. It's the closest to a chemical high that John will ever come, and the taste of his elation is sweet like nectar.
Sherlock pulled John to the bed and gently pushed him down to sit on the edge, kneeling between his legs with ease, as if he'd done it many times before. Beside them, Sherlock reached into a side table to retrieve a column of foil packets and a moderate sized bottle of lubrication.
That was the most he'd said to John in the last few days, and it was unexpected enough to stop him at the threshold.
Sherlock rolled his eyes impatiently. He could almost hear the self-deprecating thoughts, dull and predictable. "Self-flagellation is tedious and unnecessary. We all have our demons."
John joined in, watching as Molly’s features pinched in pained ecstasy, and twined his tongue with Holmes’, delving inside of her. His groin tightened with every open-mouthed groan emitting from his partners’ throat as they fucked her pussy with their lips and tongues.
Sherlock led the way up the stairs, taking them two at a time where John struggled to keep up with him, shorter legs unable to stretch as far.
Sherlock's first reaction was to snap at her, to tear her down, anything to take attention away from his moment of vulnerability, but Sherlock found that he couldn't. Ever since the Fall, he'd developed a sort of camaraderie with Molly, and though he chose to distance himself, he still felt indebted to her. When he hadn't a friend in the world, or one that he could talk to at least, Molly was always there.
Perhaps he was being a bit to harsh. But then again this was for John. Sherlock had to find the love of John’s life. Sherlock suddenly stopped. Finding John the love of his life? If he did that most likely they would marry, John would move, live his normal life, away from Baker Street, away from him. Sherlock suddenly felt sad a the thought but shook his head.
“I’m not sure if you remember but about 6 months ago I said that I owed you one and this is me repaying you”
“No body” Sherlock said smiling up at John innocently. The phone dinged and Sherlock went back to his phone. When they arrived back at Baker street Sherlock walked out of the cab and into the flat without taking his eyes off the phone, leaving John to pay for the taxi. When John walked upstairs Sherlock was at his chair still on the phone. John was about to walk upstairs when Sherlock spoke
“And you John Watson, are my work. You're there with me on cases, literally dropping everything for me because you know I need you there. You help me think, your blog brings our clients. I don’t know what I would do without you. Without you, I would have no case”
“She was left at the altar, made apparent from that tan on her finger. She was never married, so engaged. Trust issues, I predict it would have been over in 3 months. She would accuse you of cheating on her or something” Sherlock said looking down at John. John gave him a look
“Just asking” Sherlock said continuing to type. John looked at Sherlock suspiciously before turning to the stairs. John took one more glance at Sherlock before going walking upstairs.
John reached his head grabbing Sherlock's neck bringing it down. Their lips collided. Sherlock used his other hand to pull john's waist closer. They kissed furiously as finally this guessing game was all over.
“Sorry then” He murmured. He tried to run out but Sherlock grabbed his wrist. John turned to see Sherlock twisted in his seat holding on to John for dear life.
This one was really a man, this one was a gold digger, this one was a petty thief. Sherlock sank into the chair as he scrolled past profiles.
John lied. When he said it wasn't because of him. John’s eyes looked away, a tell that he was lying. Sherlock brought his knees in and brought his hands together in thought. So it was his fault, he was the reason John didn't go out anymore. Well then this would be how he would repay John. By finding him a girlfriend.
In the morning Sherlock checked the sites. John had messages in his inbox. Sherlock dismissed all of them though.
“My name is John Watson. I like going on adventures, and running (running after bad guys counted right? Sherlock thought) I am looking for a girl to share a nice dinner with.
“Well 6 months ago after that failed date. I called her trying to ask for a second chance. She said she would, if only it wasn’t so clear I was in love with my roommate. I couldn’t believe it, but she was right. I think since from the very beginning, but I just didn’t realize till then. How about you?”
“I did. I went there. Apologized to her and explained the whole thing. You were right, she is nice, she understood and everything, she even said she suspected it”
“I have set up a date for you. Her name is Claire, she's the waitress from the cafe. She was interested in you and gave me her number to give to you. I have been texting her as you. She’s nice, no criminal history or anything of the sort. She likes dogs, and tea. And I’m pretty sure determining by her texts, that tonight will end with you most likely staying the night at her place, so I won’t wait up” Sherlock said joking
“I have interrupted all of your dates and I promise that this time I won’t. There is no case. I plan to work on a small experiment, don’t worry no explosions will occur out of this one. So I guess you can consider this your, night off”
“I know that you’re married to your work, and you might not even think of me the way I think of you. That’s why I hadn’t told you yet, cause I was scared of what you would say. But if I don’t tell you now you’ll keep trying to set me up on more dates. So, Sherlock i’m telling you now. I like you, How do you feel about that?”
Sherlock closed the door. His breathing was shallow and his chest felt weird. It almost hurt? Sherlock didn’t know what this meant. He laid on the bed trying to control his breathing. His breathing slowed down and deepened making him drowsy and eventually fall asleep.
Sherlock said trying to smile, but for some reason it was difficult. John stared at Sherlock in shock.
Sherlock couldn’t pay attention at the crime scene. The napkin seemed to burn a hole in his pocket. Sherlock walked around the body three times then crouched. Instead of deducing the body he rubbed the napkins with his hand deducing what he could from touch. Napkin, has a design on it. Lines on the border. Flower designs within the border. She pressed hard when writing. As he could feel the words on the napkin.
“Well she asked me to give this to him. Why not do one better and set up a date for them” Sherlock pulled out his phone and inputted her number.
Sherlock laid on the couch with his eyes closed. He would open them occasionally to look at John sitting in his chair. John was quietly reading a book sipping his tea. Sherlock closed his eyes again and reviewed the facts. John hasn’t gone on a single date in almost 6 months. This was unlike John who went through women fast and would have already gone through 2. And it’s not like women weren't interested in him. At times at crimes scenes the ex girlfriend of the victim, or a new cop would chat him up. But instead of exchanging numbers John would just politely smile and walk off. John wasn’t making any effort Sherlock also noted as John didn’t chat up every girl at diners anymore. Sherlock looked at Johns attire. He was in a bathrobe with pj's under it. It was 8:00 pm on a Friday. John didn’t seem to go out anymore. All he did was work at the clinic and work cases. Sherlock didn’t know why John stopped dating. What could have happened. Sherlock then reviewed all the girls John had dated so far. There was the woman from work, the one with spots, the boring teacher. They all liked him fine so what happened?,then Sherlock realized a connection with them all. Him. Constantly Sherlock would text John while he was on dates, even going there and telling John it was important and that they must go. Perhaps John had given up on dating since he had ruined everyone of John’s relationship. Sherlock remembered the last date he ruined. It was barely their second when Sherlock texted him that it was important. Most likely that was the reason why she didn’t call him back.
John laughed. So did Sherlock. It was then that he realized just how close John was. Sherlock’s face felt warm. He cleared his throat and stood up abruptly.
“It’s probably from her. You should get that and confirm your date tonight” Sherlock said. Suddenly he wasn’t feeling well.
John nodded as if he didn't hear what Sherlock had said. “I'll pack my things- and no, Sherlock, don't argue with me, please- I'll leave. I'll leave, and I'll give you time to recover from what happened. I don't think my presence will do much to make you feel safer or better about it. If there's anything I know about, it's trauma, and I really think that you need some time away from... me.”
John stared right back. “What do you mean?” he asked, his voice low, confused but not enough so that he didn't know that the conversation had taken a turn. “How can someone possibly... forget?”
“Hey,” he said gently, sitting beside her. She looked sickly- her skin was so pale it was nearly translucent, her eyes exhausted and her hands bony. She'd lost a lot of weight. “I heard you were sick. What happened?”
Sherlock broke into laughter at Victor's reply. [I'm shaking my head right now, William. I can't believe that you're reminding me of that cheesy pick up line as an ice-breaker after many years of not talking.]
Sherlock closed his eyes as he braced himself, the anger bleeding away until nothing was left except for sadness and fear. He felt the energy and fight leave him, his shoulders slumping as he stared into the eyes on front of him. A few moments of stillness and silence passed, as neither of them knew how to continue from here. Sherlock slowly, slowly, reached his hand up to rest on John's wrist, looking into the hurting and angry eyes in front of him. “What do you want from me, John?” he asked, voice soft and gentle, open, needing to know if he wanted to keep laying in the ruins of what they were. “Just tell me.”
John stared right back. “What do you mean?” he asked, his voice low, confused but not enough so that he didn't know that the conversation had taken a turn. “How can someone possibly... forget?”
Mycroft kept his eyes fixed on him for a few long seconds. “You are not ill,” Mycroft stated, eyes looking into him,
for that. Now we'll have to spend a longer time trying to pinpoint his location again, and by then he'd have ruined who knows how many lives.”
“Why is it that you're not interested?” John asked, looking up at Sherlock with concerned and imploring blue eyes and something in Sherlock-
The last sentence was not random, but even through the phone Sherlock could detect the hesitation and nervousness of the other man. [Of course. Are you free on Saturday, say... 4 pm, at the old coffee shop we always said we'd go to? -SH] he sent, and when the other man answered in the affirmative he knew that he now had something to do, aside from spending his days in the flat and mourning the death of what could have been and grieving the loss of an almost lover.
Thinking on the answer for a few seconds, he typed: [Things have been interesting, to say the least. When did you come back to London? -SH]
Sherlock mentally told himself, leaning forward enough for their lips to graze, before Captain Watson stormed in and yanked them apart from each other. “Hey! What gives, man? Find yourself your own!” Sebastian had shouted, face red with anger at having his toy get pulled out of his reach. Sherlock looked between the both of them, before he realized that John had been in the corner of the bar the entire time watching. And drinking. Definitely not good.
“Psychosomatic, yes sir, I know. I came here for my sister,” John interrupted, his knee already aching. He kept his eyes fixed on the ground, trying to ignore the way the wind seemed to spin around the entire room. “Harriet Watson. She was cursed, I believe. Everyone suspects black magic. No potion or spell has been able to help her thus far.”
It reminded Sherlock of the way his own mother looked when he came home with a bruise on his cheek that one time in tenth grade. His mum had thrown quite a fit over it, saying that she didn't pay for his education just so he could come home with a bruise, but he just laid on his bed and didn't acknowledge anything anyone said. Mycroft made his way into Sherlock's room that night, sitting at the desk and nonchalantly reading a book. “Alexander Klyn, grade 11?” he asked finally, and Sherlock nodded into his pillow.
and he wanted someone to make the hurt go away. His wrists itched with the urge to fall back on old habits, but he let his pillows absorb his tears until he didn't have any tears left to cry.
