"Oh, well," she said when we inquired after her, "there's been a blizzard of mail addressed to me care of the printer's. Who'd have thought? I've had two marriage proposals already from well-meaning lads with more gallantry than sense. So eager to swoop in and save me, poor lambs. But in the main, people are just sending sympathy. And a lot of the mail's coming from regular Corinthians, I guess, who see their way to stuffing a bit of darby into the envelopes alongside all the prayers and well-wishes. I'd never have thought so many toffs would spare a thought for me, let alone a tenner, but they're adding up. And of course it won't last, but to tell you the truth, I'm already farther above par than I've ever been in my life."
Mycroft resigned himself to tell the truth to his family. “Magnussen forced me to agree to the bonding and marriage. I didn’t want to but I had to. I’ve been rushing around trying to figure out a way to stop him. I made sure the plans were no longer of any value to anyone . . .”
Sherlock tossed Mycroft’s umbrella down on to his brother’s bed. “There is your royal scepter, brother dear. As useless as you are.”
“I don’t . . . I didn’t . . .” John stared into James’ green eyes. He knew he couldn’t lie to the man. The man had seen John at his most vulnerable. “It’s just best if he was gone.”
“Yes it does.” Sherlock piped up. “It means she is vacuous and insipid. I had more in-depth conversations with my skull.”
“I remember a conversation like this before. One where you accuse me of being bad for Sherlock while you ignored he was being abused by Victor. And now you’re saying I’m bad for him, while you didn’t help him when he was abusing drugs. When did he start really being a junkie? Was it when he was living with me or was it when you were supposed to looking out for him?”
Greg moaned and shifted. He slid off the seat and knelt on the floor in front of Mycroft. His hands pushed the man’s knees further apart and he moved up between them. Greg smiled as he reached for Mycroft’s belt and quickly undid the buckle. He was pulling on the button of Mycroft’s trousers when the mobile buzzed in Mycroft’s pocket. Mycroft groaned as he rolled his eyes and reached for the device in his coat pocket.
“Yes, Doctor Watson. Where were you stabbed?” John automatically pulled the curtain closed behind him and stepped closer to the bed. His eyes traveled up and down the man assessing where he had been injured.
“You know he has a reputation.” Magnussen leered at younger man. “He’s been called ‘Three Continent Watson’. I’m sure you can deduce the connotation.”
“One question or you can let me have this one for a couple of hours.” She gestured towards Sherlock with the riding crop.
Sherlock took a step forward. It was that simple. He would just join John. He would go to his alpha. Sherlock took another step forward, then another.
Major James Sholto slipped his dark sunglasses on as he walked out onto shooting range. His broken arm itched inside a fiberglass cast. His squad was out practicing. Four men stood roughly side by side in a lose line as John Watson stood behind them wearing hearing protection. John watched then moved up behind each man and watched over their shoulder as they fired. James noticed as John leaned in to say something to the man before they fired again. Each man listened intently to the short blond. In each case, the soldier’s aim improved and by the time they finished a magazine, they were hitting the bullseye. James was impressed.
“John?” Sherlock blinked. His eyelashes felt like they were weighed down. He licked his dry lips. “John, when did you get here?”
The thought made John’s stomach revolted and he twisted up into a ball. He started to shake. Moran’s anger started to bleed away as he watched John suffer. He moved across the bed and slowly started to rub John’s back.
“Ladies and gentlemen, from the distant moonlit shores of NW1, we proudly present Sherlock Holmes’ companion in a death defying act . . .”
John finished reading the newspaper article about another celebrity dying unexpectedly after rehab. The young woman had been a reality TV personality who had been arrested numerous times for possession and disorderly conduct. She had just finished her second stint in rehab when her dead body was found in her hospital bed. The article speculated that one of her many celebrity friends had snuck drugs into the hospital for her and it was an overdose that killed her. The autopsy was expected to reveal the true cause.
“No, I hated myself more. That’s why I went to Frankie’s and got my first hit. After that, I don’t remember much. I woke up places I didn’t recognize. I was around people I didn’t know. I just wanted to . . . it doesn’t matter now.”
Using his elbow, John broke the glass front of a case holding a fire extinguisher. He grabbed the red tank and slammed the bottom of the extinguisher onto the door handle, snapping it off. Greg and the other police officer shoved their shoulders into the door once the lock had been broken. The remaining metal snapped the door crashed open into the hospital room.
“You will find I am capable of understanding many things simultaneously.” Mycroft snapped back at the man.
John rolled his eyes and went through the events for the fourth time. Frustrated, John left work early and went home to the flat. Sherlock was waiting for him along with another detective from the Met.
Flashes of memories came to him. Memories of Sherlock standing naked in this very room only a few weeks earlier. Sherlock’s long creamy white back and round backside exposed for John’s viewing. John pushed those thoughts away when his prick jumped again.
John nodded in agreement then stared at the major for a moment. A frown formed on his face. “Don’t tease me.”
“Tell Gordon, Holmes ordered the assassination.” The man said as grabbed the message out of his servant’s hand. He read through it and then wadded up the paper and tossed it into the fire. “Kill both Wilkes and Van Coons. Then kill the killer. No witnesses.”
“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” A man dressed in a rumpled dark grey suit with a white shirt came in. He was wearing scuffed leather shoes and a grease stain was visible on his red tie.
John kicked hard and swam towards the other man. He could see the stranger slowly sinking into the broken boxes and metal frames. The iron chain between his ankles pulling him downward while his hands were clasped close to his body. The man dark hair waved in the current like seaweed. And his lithe form seemed more appropriate for the water than land.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders as he lifted up on his toes to kiss the man. Sherlock returned the kiss hesitantly. His hands moving to the small of John’s back. He let the smaller man deepen the kiss and take it over. Then he sighed and closed his eyes.
“This man was listed as a suicide.” Sherlock said not looking up at John. Sherlock held a magnifying glass as he looked at the skin of the man’s right hand.
“It wasn’t you tending bar at the club. It’s not even Joey offering you a job after I told him to stay away. It’s what you said.”
As soon as he said it, John realized he said too much. His heart couldn’t take being crushed by Sherlock’s ‘no’.
Sherlock pouted and tried to glare through one open eyelid. “The pain is about five foot six and blonde.”
He was pacing in the compound, waiting, as the two Humvees returned. They drove in pass the guard posts and around the blast wall. The lead Humvee stopped right beside the Major. James could see John sitting in the front seat with a large grin on his face.
Sherlock didn’t even hesitate. “I was with Jim. We were at a party somewhere. I don’t remember where. Then I went with him back to his flat and stayed there till only an hour or two ago.”
“It’s not going to be easy. The camp is attacked often and there are no niceties at all . . . none.”
“Sir Henry Baskerville.” Mycroft said. “His uncle, Charles Baskerville, has recently passed away and Henry has inherited the title and the Devonshire estates.”
Sherlock threw the vase back at his bedroom window. His aim was perfect. The window shattered as well as the vase. In the quiet of the evening, the noise was piercing. The men were moving instantly.
Sherlock had slipped into the galley kitchen and set the teacup in the sink. He rushed back into the room just as John spoke.
“I believe he was expecting to be invited in,” Anthea said quietly as her employer climbed the few steps up to the door.
“I told you, one question. You asked it and I answered it. Now leave.” Irene said turning away from the men and flouncing down on the couch.
Sherlock was working on his graduate thesis in Chemistry and seemed to be just as happy with their relationship too. Although he insisted John shower every night he came home from the bar, regardless of how late it was, before John crawled into bed with him.
“I believe it was what ever you had added to the opium that is causing my discomfort right now.” Sherlock groaned as he stood up straight.
John frowned at the antics of his teammates and went to his locker. He toed off his shoes and socks, then took off his shorts and pants in one go. He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist. Grabbing his shower bag, he went back over to Wilderbrant.
“Positive. As soon as the facial recognition identified the man whom had gone into the pub with John as ex-Colonel Sebastian Moran. I sent a car to retrieve the good doctor. Why was he out without you? Especially given his condition?”
“Very Shakespearian of you. How did you plan on forcing me to do that?” Sherlock asked feeling sick to his stomach.
Barr, a man with skin as dark as ebony and shoulders twice as wide as Sherlock’s, laughed deeply. It rumbled over the deck and curled around Sherlock’s body.
You all have been very supportive through this story. Thank you. I've found it much harder to write this one and I really don't know why, but your comments have really helped me out. One more chapter to go.
Sherlock expect to John to jump at the chance to lose his virginity. To willing submit to Sherlock’s advances. But instead of leaning forward to be kissed, John pushed Sherlock away.
John’s eyes remained fixed on the close door as he heard the sound of the water start in the shower. A punch of lust came through him as he thought about Sherlock being naked just a few feet away from him.
"Art in the blood is liable to take the strangest forms," he said with studied nonchalance. "I descend from the Vernets, you know, painters who led their field for four generations. I've sometimes speculated that where exceptional visual acuity runs in families, perhaps it may have developed to compensate for weak Sight?
At ten to four Miss Sutherland and I found ourselves seated together again in anxious silence. At the chime of the hour Holmes swept back in and addressed himself immediately to business.
and inexperienced at answering to a name not his own, such small, deliberate changes in appearance can serve as useful reminders. I had long since grown out a trim, neat beard for similar reasons, so neither of us looked quite ourselves.
In recent months, there’d been a shift in the tone of Watson’s correspondence. Nothing overt or easily defined, but now and then I was brought up short when a tinge of hesitance or a flair of ardency cropped up in uncharacteristic places. I had a more confident grasp on Watson’s voice than on that of any other man, and had only grown more attuned to it during my years of travel. His letters had kept me company through many long journeys. The changes in the tenor of his words, even changes as delicate as these, stirred up cautious hopes in me.
He glanced at me, perhaps expecting that I would not have understood the state he was trying to describe. But for the first time, I looked back at him with honest fellow feeling. No veteran of Maiwand could be a stranger to such sentiments.
Holmes had anticipated our outrage—and I had no doubt he shared it—but he raised a warning hand. "We must be careful and canny if we hope to best this villain. Though his attempted ruse was not skillfully executed, I'm afraid it was more skillfully conceived. The plain, terrible fact of the matter is that he has broken no law, and legally we cannot touch him. I've spent the afternoon considering how to wreak justice on the wretch, and I believe I can see a solution. It has certain in-built costs, but I would like to propose it for your consideration, Miss Sutherland. I've already discussed the prospect with your mother, and she asked me to tell you that she loves you and will leave it all in your hands to decide."
"You exaggerate, sir. A modicum of notoriety attached to a name as common as yours will hardly ruin your life. The Moriarty of my story is dead, after all, which should discourage the general public from equating him with you."
"Do you, really?" I cried, incensed to hear Moriarty again denying the damage he'd done to my friend. His hands flew to the armrests of his chair, and his whole expression seemed to flicker as he braced himself for my outrage. I took a sharp, deep breath. Then two, then three.
But then, a year ago, my mother re-married, and I think it's fair to say our prospects have been headed downhill ever since. Mr. Windibank, my step-father, is a proud man and still near the start of his career, for he's only five years my senior. He didn't like the fact our money came from sewage lines. From the look on his face whenever we talked shop, you'd think he smelt a stink on every dollar. His business, you see, is fine wines, and he likes to pretend that peddling luxuries don't count as trade. Anyhow, he worked on Mam for a few months and talked her 'round to selling out our share. It was a mistake; I even tried to sit him down with the books to show him how big a mistake, in solid numbers, but he never listened to a word. Just joked with Mam that I had more brass than a foundry and barged on ahead.
And if the affair had played out according to his plans, she would have helped him break your heart, and the guilt would have made her withdraw from you. He wants to make her feel worthless. He wants to wear away her protectiveness toward you until she will not feel she has the right to protest anything he does. But it is not only she who interests him. Ostensibly, the whole charade was directed toward keeping your money in the house, but I'm sure you see by now that his actual aim was to keep you in the house. There is no doubt in my mind that he intends to hurt you eventually in just the same ways as he is hurting your mother now. He is working toward the point at which he can treat you both however he pleases, with no resistance. And his tools are guilt, complicity, and isolation."
"Now, sir," Windibank said in his light, conciliatory voice as he settled in his armchair. "I understand that my step-daughter has lodged an inquiry with you about this bounder who abandoned her at the altar. She won't hear a word against him, I know, and insists that his disappearance was all very mysterious. But surely here we are all men of the world. There can be no doubt that this was simply a dalliance, and that the lad toyed with her until his game could run no farther. So I ask you, what is there for you to investigate, or for us to discuss? I must say I think it in rather poor taste for you to accept a fee from that misguided girl, when you know as well as I do that you will never catch up with this Angel character."
As it happened, we spent the majority of that time in conversation. Neither Watson nor I would ever have presumed to try to draw the lady out, but she began by declaring herself a faithful subscriber to
His 'shielding' had seemed all the more impressive and unsettling because he'd been so emotional on the surface. Absolutely eccentric, overflowing with wild humour and childish petulance and a bone-deep affection for me in which I was terribly tempted to put my faith. But no matter how long I knew him or how close we became, he was never unguarded in my presence. I never felt his shields go down, and never gleaned the slightest response when I lowered mine for him. It had confused me. For many years, I'd thought him incapable of the softer emotions—his cat and mouse encounters with Irene had been, I assumed, the extent of his interest in matters of the heart. I'd put away my own more tender sentiments, believing them unwanted, and moved on.
Moriarty went on. “Then something happened that unhinged him, and his deterioration accelerated rapidly. He was out of his senses and drowning in the drug before you or his brother knew anything was amiss, was he not?"
Moriarty waved his hands preemptively. "I mean to make him no trouble, I assure you! Were I so unsavory a sort, I'd have had ample opportunity to spread that sort of rumour years ago. You must see that I've always gone out of my way to avoid embarrassing the Holmeses, and I don't intend any indiscretion now.” He blinked rapidly, taken aback by my visible alarm. “And as I say, I know nothing for certain. But you are his dearest friend and have been not only a doctor but an army officer. Surely you've seen enough of the world that inversion can't, as a mere possibility, shock you?"
As contemptible as I found him, the sight of his despair surprised a prickle of guilt from me, irrepressible. It had been nearly three years since I'd seen him in person, and it had been easy to forget how helpless he could seem. As I'd written my story, the Moriarty of Holmes's nightmares had become almost real to me.
A groundswell of tenderness overtook us both. I pressed his hands and stepped away before doing something foolish. I’d just promised him a slow courtship; it wouldn’t do to steal a kiss.
Miss Sutherland had been leaning over the letters for only a moment when she gasped aloud and her hand flew to her mouth. She had looked wan already, but now seemed almost ill. "They were written on the same type-writer, oh God," she said, staring at the tiny smudge of misplaced ink upon the key that had been stamped above each "e" on both samples.
I could never regret having found and loved my Mary, nor did Holmes begrudge us our joy…much. But in his heart of hearts, I knew he'd never quite forgiven himself for keeping his secret from me for too long.
I devoted my attention to phenacetin, emerging from the processes of synthesis only long enough to congratulate young Frères on the progress of his thesis. The bells of the Cathédral Saint-Pierre punctuated the day, and every so often, when I moved the right way, Watson’s note crinkled in my pocket with a soft, cheering sound.
Roger yells a lot now too, screams in Sherlock's face and Sherlock hates it, because Roger has blue eyes with a yellow rim and sapphire, ultramarine and navy blue streaks and Sherlock's sure if he looks hard enough he can see different shades of green too and it's too much detail for Sherlock to look at so Sherlock doesn't look.
Sherlock knows she has prominent hip bones, a mole on her left foot and a small burn on her ankle. Sherlock also knows she has a younger sibling, two or three, and three dogs, two small ones and a big one. Amy doesn't tell Sherlock this though, but Sherlock can see it.
Sherlock doesn't like Mycroft much any more, because Mycroft is eighteen now, too old for childrens things, too old for Sherlock. He's left Sherlock now, and Sherlock doesn't understand why he isn't good enough for Mycroft to stay.
There is water on Mummy's cheeks, and Sherlock doesn't understand yet that she's crying. He can see where her make-up has been smudged and reapplied again. Her lips are painted pink with the NARS lip gloss that Father brought her and her lashes are pale for once. Mummy is wearing flat saddles, and Sherlock can see that her second toe is bigger than the others and he can tell she reapplied her nail varnish too. It's too thick at the ends where Mummy made a mistake and had to dab it with a cloth.
Some of the children in school talk to Sherlock and expect a reply, some of them think they already know his answer. Sherlock doesn't like them, they remind him of Father, and he doesn't like that.
Mummy's friend calls him heartless again, and Mycroft looks mad, even though he says he's furious. Sherlock isn't sure if he can't tell because it's Mycroft, or Sherlock just couldn't pick up on it.
They both started arguing, and Sherlock even admits that he probably could have prevented it if he kept his mouth shut.
Sherlock is twenty-five and has blood on his hands. He's shaking and doesn't understand why, because death doesn't affect him. Roger's bleeding on the floor, and Sherlock has done his best to keep his head on. He's called the police and an ambulance. He's called Mycroft too.
Molly doesn't change much though, and Sherlock likes that, but Molly is always too close. She lingers too long and smiles too much and laughs too loudly.
Sherlock is four and they all think he's shy. Parents coo at him as he stands by Mummy's side and some of them kneel down and put their face too close. Sherlock always recoils, because he hates it. It makes their eyes too close and Sherlock can see too many different colours and lines and it makes his head go fuzzy because he doesn't know where to look. Sherlock doesn't like eyes, he doesn't like his own eyes' ether because they are blue and green and sometimes yellow.
Then it was Lestrade who tried making a deal with Sherlock. If Sherlock gets himself off the drugs, and stays off them, he'll let Sherlock help out 'unofficially' with cases.
She doesn't let go, so Sherlock digs his nails into her skin in hopes she will. Instead, she pulls him to her and hugs him so tightly that it makes it a little hard to breath. Sherlock doesn't mind this though, because he likes Mummys' tight hugs.
Sherlock is forty and John is forty-five and is getting older. John's tired, and Sherlock doesn't know how to make things easier.
Mummy keeps inviting people over for Sherlock to play with, but Sherlock thinks they are all boring and doesn't talk to them.
Sherlock is thirty-seven and so tired, desperately, aching. His skin feels tight, his bones heavy and nothing seems to move like it should. Sherlock just does what he always does. He solves crimes, saves lives and keeps hurting people without knowing how to stop. He doesn't remember the rules, and wish John was there to teach him.
Everybody but Molly and Lestrade say it won't last, but then a week turns into two, two turns into three, that turns into six and then twelve, Sherlock then forgets he's counting, because John is like Sherlock thought, consistent.
Sherlock is thirteen and has a crush on Amy Falls. She has brown hair that she cuts regularly with natural blond highlights that reach her breast.
Sherlock is nineteen and as much as he loves science, A-Levels are so boring because he knows it all already. He gets three A* in Physics, Chemistry and Biology and an A in Polish. Sherlock finds out that Polish is apparently the second most spoken language in England. At least forty percent in his class speak Polish as their native tongue, but Sherlock finds it's a challenge, and his Mummy calls him a 'thrill seeker'. He passes his sciences classes without even picking up a book once because Sherlock has already read and memorized the A-level sciences books from when Mummy brought them for him when he was fourteen.
She wears foundation three days a week and lip gloss everyday. Sherlock doesn't normally like eyes, but Amy has pretty ones. They are just green, and Sherlock likes that. Her lips are a little too full for her face, and her noise a little too pointed, but Sherlock doesn't mind that. She always has one piece of hair that falls out when ever she puts it up.
That's when Mummy walks into the kitchen, screams and drops what ever she is carrying. Mummy grabs his hand and yanks him away, her hand is tight and it hurts, but Sherlock doesn't mind that. His Mummy is making a lot of noise though, and Sherlock is finding it hard to understand, so he tries to fight her off.
Sometimes, Sherlock wakes up in the middle of the night to hear Roger pacing in the kitchen muttering to himself. When Sherlock points it out the next morning, Roger always gets defensive so Sherlock learns not to say anything.
Sherlock likes John, because even though he's normal, he's easy, and stuck in his ways and doesn't change. Sherlock like it because he can understand John.
Sherlock is three years old and hasn't learned how to focus yet. He doesn't know what evidence means, or what it normally implies. All Sherlock sees is that one strap on her dress is twisted, and she has freckles on her noise, and a large one on her collar bone. She has shallow breast and no bra. Sherlock can see her nipples.
He puts pressure on the wound, because he doesn't want Roger to die. The light in Rogers eyes' is fading and he's stuck on repeat, like the record his Father used to have. He keeps saying he's sorry and Sherlock isn't sure if he should believe him.
Mycroft isn't like that though, and Sherlock likes Mycroft for that. Mycroft is nice to him, even when they do experiments together and play games and Sherlock messes them up because he gets too excited. Mycroft doesn't mind that ether.
Lestrade changes too much, some days he has stubble, other he's just shaven and sometimes his bread is a week old. Lestrade hair always changes too, seems to get very short and then he lets it grow out again. He always wears different style clothes depending on where they are, and it annoys Sherlock, because it's too much to concentrate on.
Mummy asks him, "Aren't you lonely, sweetheart?" And Sherlock doesn't understand why he would be lonely when he doesn't like any of them, and they don't like him either.
Sherlock isn't dumb, he sees things differently to everybody else, and he sees things nobody else does. The teachers talk to Sherlock in a high tone that seems to get higher and squeaker the younger the child is, and this annoys Sherlock. It makes his ears hurt, so he blocks them out but then doesn't know what they were trying to tell him, so they think Sherlock's dumb too. Sherlock tells them that they are the dumb ones, and should stop sucking on Helium. This gets him sent to time out again.
Mycroft understands though, even if nobody else does. Mycroft knows Sherlock doesn't see the deaths, he just sees the mystery behind it all.
Sherlock is thirty-three and John moves in. John is stable and consistent, Sherlock likes that. Sherlock also likes that John never moves his stuff without asking, and even when he gets angry, he doesn't push his face into Sherlock's.
Sherlock isn't rude, or at least he tries not to be, and he certainly isn't shy. Sherlock is five and can read and write in English and German, but he doesn't speak either yet.
Sherlock is eleven and knows now that the kids in class are right, and that he is a freak. He hears Mummy whispering words like 'Autism' and 'Aspergers' and Sherlock doesn't know what that is. Father just calls him naughty and rude.
Sherlock likes it that way, wants it that way, nobody smiles at him and asks to see the man behind the blank facade. That's fine though, that's perfect, Sherlock wants it that way.
Sherlock isn't bored though, trying to solve who killed Carl Powers doesn't work out, but it gives Sherlock a new outlet. He always searches the papers to do with crimes, not all of them are about death though, some are about robbery and missing artifacts. Father tells him its creepy and he should act like a normal twelve year old.
Mycroft doesn't talk to Sherlock like he's different, and he never changes his voice unless they're sharing a secret. Sherlock likes talking to Mycroft, because his voice always stays the same, unless he's talking to Mummy. Mycroft is always telling Sherlock that he's smart too, smarter than anybody else in his class.
Sherlock is twenty, and his brain has gone into over-drive. Sherlock loves university and wonders if he can stay for as many years as he wants. Roger can see how high-strung he is, and offers a solution. Sherlock finds out that cocaine is a perfect solution for his spit-fire brain and Sherlock finds it so much easier to communicate with people and for once, Sherlock feels normal.
He falls, and he feels like Batman, or Spiderman, but he shakes it off, because Sherlock's already told John he's no hero.
Sherlock is thirty-nine and John looks like some sort of an Angel, with a street light glowing above John's head like a halo and the light twitching off his blond hair.
Everybody knows them now though, Sherlock and his side-kick, John, and somebody has to know something. Sherlock hates the word side-kick too, because John is so much more, John is his everything now, he's Sherlock morning, noon and night.
His homework is boring and too easy, so Sherlock doesn't do it any more. This annoys his teacher though, and he has a go at Sherlock in front of the class, who snigger. Sherlock doesn't have any friends, because everybody assume, and that annoys Sherlock.
"I can stop any time I want Mycroft," Sherlock says, because he knows it's true. Addicts are idiots, and Sherlock is far from dumb.
After a few hours in a holding cell, Lestrade accepts Sherlock offer and Sherlock demonstrates how observant and smart he really is. It takes him three days to find out who organises it all, then a month and they have arrested thirty-seven people.
He normally does it when they call him names at school, or he has to go in the gym where the lights are really bright or during lunch when everybody is yelling and screaming. When Mycrofts ask, Sherlock tells him he blacken his own eye for an experiment. Sherlock is starting to learn that sometimes he can lie if it makes things easier, but he doesn't know why he's still told he shouldn't.
“He did more than that. I was put into a conservatorship. I am not my own person. I had to follow his every whim to be allowed out of the sanatorium. I have to check in with him every week and he has people following me.”
“Come on, Sherlock. You know the drill.” The taller of the two men shoved Sherlock into the wall and started to pat him down. He pushed his hands into the pockets of the jeans and slid his hands over Sherlock’s chest.
Lestrade pulled his mobile out of his pocket as he marched out of the room. “Donovan, I need you to do a search for Montague Cavendish. He died at Royal London Hospital.”
The door to 221 Baker Street opened and closed. The sound of footsteps on the wooden stairs preceded the arrival of Mycroft to the flat. John glanced towards the door and glared at the man. He still had not forgiven him for what he had said to Sherlock. For planting doubt in Sherlock’s mind about John’s intentions. John growled. Mycroft raised his eyebrows at him in skepticism.
“Handsome . . . beautiful isn’t used to describe males.” Sherlock said. His voice sounded like brittle glass.
John huffed out a breath and glared at the two men. “So happy to know I’m dealing with honest criminals.”
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and pushed him into the wall. He was kissing the man deeply. Running his tongue over John’s mouth.
John ran to reach the injured soldier. Huntley, a boy of nineteen, was shot in the abdomen and was bleeding badly. John looked around and saw a low dirt wall ten meters away from them. He slung his rifle over his back and grabbed the young man. Dragging him as John ran backwards toward the wall. In the distance the sound of gunfire could be heard from Baker. John pulled Huntley behind the wall and crouched down beside him. He quickly grabbed gauze and cauterizing agent from his pack. He tore the straps on Huntley’s armor and opened his canvas uniform shirt. The round had entered from the side as the young man ran to the help his comrades. It had passed through the right side of his body and out the left. John poured water from a sterile bottle on the wound then poured the ‘Quickclot’ on the visible hole. Huntley cried out. John put the thick wad of cotton bandage over the wound and taped it down tight.
“It’s been weeks, Sherlock, and we don’t have a single clue yet as to who is responsible for it.” Lestrade growled.
“Fuck off,” John huffed and walked off, not looking at the crushed expression on Wilderbrant’s face.
Magnussen’s eyes flicked to the memory stick as it disappeared into Moriarty’s grasp. If Magnussen acquired the stick, he could blackmail Holmes into giving him the omega and remaining silent if anything happened to the boy. He could also have power over Moriarty by threatening to reveal where he had gotten the memory stick in the first place. That would be more valuable to Magnussen then any amount of money the Korean’s would pay. Control over two powerful men as well as a new toy.
Sherlock gently shifted himself out from under John’s arms. He carefully shifted John over and stood on shaky legs. There were things a good and loving alpha was supposed to do for their omega during heats. Or at least that was what his research had told him. He started with applying Arnica to John’s various bruises. He washed the dried slick and spunk off the man’s body. Carefully wiping around John’s abused hole. Then as the omega slept on the bed, he went about changing the sheets. First rolling the sleeping John this way, then that. The room still smell of sex and their combined scent but the clean sheets made Sherlock’s skin itch less. He was sure John wouldn’t notice but it still seemed important to provide a clean bed for his omega.
Okay, long chapter with big spoilers for SIB. Of course the best dialog is not mine but Moffat's and Gatiss'. (Two of the best fan fiction writers out there.)
“I’m not some naïve university student who you can manipulate again, Sherlock. I’ve seen more pain and suffering than even you and your brother can cause. I don’t need you to come rescue me, so unless you have a reasonable explanation as to why you are spying on me, walk away. You used to be very good at that.” John glared daggers at Sherlock.
“So what happened?” John asked still not hearing any reason why James Moriarty would have set out to destroy the ‘Iceman’ in front of him.
John stood up and stepped over to the grandfather. He held out his hand. The man looked down at it then shook John’s hand.
Frankie took a step backwards, fearful Sherlock would attack him again. “Well, you can’t stay here any longer. Someone will tell your nosy brother and I don’t want no trouble.”
John turned and looked back at Frankie. “I don’t understand. Why would you do that? Who am I to you?”
“That’s not what I’ve heard.” Smith tried to smile but his flabby jowls kept the corners of mouth turned down. “I want to speak to you about a proposition. A new opportunity for you.”
“It only because I care.” The stranger said as John stepped in the room. “Oh, good morning Mister Watson.”
“You’re quitting the ‘Backdoor’, correct?” Sherlock asked as he rolled onto his side to look into John’s sleepy face.
St Elmo's Fire is an atmospheric condition. It has been reported for centuries by sailors. Darwin reported it while on the Beagle. Pilots on airplanes also report seeing it in thunderstorms. It is not dangerous. But the part where John catches it with his own hand is completely made up by my imagination. I do not know if you can do that with it. An probably you shouldn't even try if you are lucky enough to see the Fire at sea.
“Maybe that would be a good thing,” James said as he poured himself another cup. He sipped the liquor from his own tin cup.
“You made her a widow.” John repeated slowly and softly. He forced himself to sit still. Sherlock looked away and returned to his pacing. “Did you do it yourself or order someone else to kill the man?”
Magnussen’s free hand reached down and started to grope at the young man’s groin. Squeezing the flaccid flesh there until Sherlock cried out in pain. Magnussen laughed cruelly. Then he molested Sherlock’s mouth again; biting and dragging his teeth over Sherlock’s lips.
“That is a good question. Individuals jealous of me in the government wouldn’t know about Victor and Sherlock sharing a flat. Those who would know about the connection between Sherlock and Victor wouldn’t know about the defense analyst and the Bruce-Parrington Plans. And murdering our mother? I can’t think of anyone who would want to destroy me like that . . . except. . .”
The two men kissed deeply. Letting their tongues caress each other’s. A dance they had become familiar with over the last few months. Mycroft’s hands moved to slid up under the detective’s jacket and over the soft cotton of his shirt. He could feel the muscles under the clothing and his mind reminded what that body looked like without the clothing.
Sherlock took a moment to compose himself. “I was somebody you said you loved once. Is there a possibility that you could love me again?”
“I loved my father.” The words rushed out of Sherlock’s mouth before he could stop them. He looked ashamed for saying them. “Mycroft will tell you that emotions are a weakness. A flaw. He learned that from our mother.” Sherlock looked away from John and fixed his gaze on something from his past. A previous moment where his mother played on his feelings. He finally turned back to John and the doctor could see Sherlock pulling up his walls to protect himself. “My father left when I was very young. I missed him very much. I didn’t understand why. I thought I was the reason he left. I asked my mother and Mycroft but neither of them would tell me. When he returned years later, I was . . . different. I didn’t want to trust him. I didn’t want to believe he loved me. I was punishing him for going away . . . for leaving me. I realize now it was foolish, but I couldn’t stop myself. But as cold as I was to him, my mother was worse. She never forgave him. Never let him forget he had abandoned his family. When he died, I was fifteen. I realized that I would never be able to tell him how much I loved him and that I really did forgive him. I had lost any chance to make it up to him.”
“Thank you, but do not worry yourself. Sherlock will not be remaining here long. I’m having him transferred.”
John knew he needed to attack Moran before they made it back to the bedroom, but John wasn’t sure how to get out of the house. He turned off the light. His eyes started to adjust to the darkness. He waited. Moran knocked on the door again.
John stepped closer and into Sherlock’s personal space. “No, you are not. You’re not going out alone to meet a murderer.”
“Sherlock, you should have told me he was hurting you,” Mycroft said softly. “I would have done something. I would have made sure it stopped.”
“John . . .” He wanted to ask for forgiveness, but his last thread of pride wouldn’t break. Instead, Sherlock tried to explain. “He was asking about Victor . . .”
John came screaming Sherlock’s name. The alpha bit down hard over the scent gland at the juncture of John’s neck and shoulder. Sherlock’s mouth was flooded with the taint of blood but also the refreshing taste of John’s scent. He could feel the omega’s climax rock through him. The muscles spasms around his own length buried inside John’s body. The shiver of John’s body over him. It was all too much. Sherlock pushed up one more time, limited by the knot, only to feel himself empty to his omega. The warm release filling the omega’s body.
All the children in school are too loud and they talk to much but never say anything important, so Sherlock spends his lunch times alone, observing the teachers and the bugs. Other children think he's strange and their parents think he's adorable and shy until he starts talking, and then its all, 'well, I never!'
Roger has gotten worse too, Sherlock can't have conversation with him any more. They last about a minute on the best days. Some days, Roger doesn't come home, and that doesn't bother Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't know where Roger gets his drugs from, because Sherlock used to get them off Roger, but now he gets them off another man called Sam.
Sherlock is seven and talks now, but only to Mummy, Father, Mycroft and his teachers. Mummy and Father hired a speech therapist, but Sherlock doesn't know why. Now that he's older, he wonders how pointing at an object and saying its name very slowly like he didn't understand was meant to help him. Everybody older than him talks at him, and not to him. Sherlock doesn't want to talk to them, he doesn't think they'd listen.
Molly is too eager though, always willing too please and it makes Sherlock wonder what her motive is.
A week later Amy's mother catches them making out on Amy's bed, and Mrs. Falls tells Sherlock he can't see Amy any more. Mummy is upset too, and Sherlock hates upsetting Mummy. She tells Sherlock that he shouldn't look at girls or treat girls like that. Sherlock isn't sure what she means, but doesn't want to upset Mummy, so Sherlock doesn't look at girls any more.
Mycroft doesn't approve, says Roger is a bad influence on Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't listen, because he's nineteen now, and doesn't need to do what other tell him to any more. He's an adult now. Sherlock wonders if it's just because Mycroft doesn't want Sherlock to be happy, like how Father was?
Cocaine for Sherlock isn't about the high, he sees it more of a comfort and not as a crutch, but a support beam.
This still doesn't bother Sherlock, because Mycroft is still easy, he's predictable, and so is John.
Things become as normal as they could be after a three year gap. Sherlock is two people now though, three on days when he's on a case, and he pours energy into cups and spins around the lab like he never left.
“Stop your suppressants. Prepare. Buy supplies. Do not leave the flat for three days before or three days after your heat. And from now on, please do not let any other alpha ever touch you. Even brush up against you.”
Moran saw movement from one of the curtained areas just off the pool. A blonde stepped out from behind the curtain and into the light of the pool. He was wearing a heavy coat with fur lined hood. His hands were in the pockets. Moran swung the rifle up and looked through the scope lens at the blonde. It was the stranger his boss had brought to the pool.
Sherlock felt a wave of fear and admiration flood over him simultaneously. He leaned forward and kissed John’s forehead.
“I’m not saying you don’t indulge men who have the need to be beaten and humiliated for physical gratification but you prefer the female lovers over male lovers.” Sherlock said. “You have been performing before us as soon as you walked in. Putting on a show for our benefit. But not just for us. You have been performing for these other ladies. Why would you want to do that? If they were simply employees, you wouldn’t care but you do care. Therefore they are more than employees. They are your lovers. And the fact that they are here for your beck and call every day and every night you prefer them to a full-time male lover. Your male lovers are actually clients and not someone who you have feelings for. Ergo, you are a sapphist.”
“Look Sherlock, I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I’m not gay.” John said as he stood.
“Adam, one, we walked into an ambush! We’re trapped behind a burnt out Husky! Two and three are hit!”
Moran saw the red dot of the first sniper’s scope on the bomb right over John Watson’s heart. He wanted to scream. This couldn’t be happening. This couldn’t be happening to John. Not to his John
“One more time. I never met the man. I didn’t know him. I was at the Langham for my own reasons. They had nothing to do with Moriarty, Victor Trevor or even the Holmes. I saw Sherlock there at the Gala being manhandled by some bastard of an alpha. I intervened and pulled Sherlock away from the man. We ended up in my hotel room later. I wasn’t told to seduce Sherlock. We bonded of our own freewill.”
“John . . .” Sherlock turned and seemed surprised the alpha had gotten so close to him. “John, I would like to stop thinking for a while. Could you help me stop thinking about it all?”
“Don’t worry, you can take your new little toy with you. I’m sure John will appreciate a nicer flat in a better location. Near the tube station for his . . . rudimentary transportation needs.”
Moran took a step back and raised his hands slowly as if to surrender. “John, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
John glanced back and forth between the picture and Sherlock. He recognized the name of Sherlock’s supplier from years before. How many nights had he wished the man dead? How often was he jealous of someone he never met? After all these years, Moriarty was back and connected to another man in John’s life. He gave his head one sideways jerking shake then said.
The flat side of John’s sword slapped down hard on Lestrade’s wrist. The man dropped his sword – it rattled on the deck when it landed.
Moriarty’s temper flared again, but he kept it in. It wouldn’t do for him to lose a valuable asset like Sebastian Moran over something as trivial as an omega.
“And still I find myself in the limbo between the two worlds. The perfect condition to be in employment to you.”
John opened his eyes to see his imagination slip into reality. Sherlock’s pale shoulders visible and just as inviting. His dark curls messed from sleep. His long limbs only just concealed by the thin cotton sheet.
“No, I mean he’s fine, doc. That’s not why I’m calling.” John could hear the other man speak to someone while holding is hand over the receiver. “Yes, okay. Doc, I’m calling to tell you that you don’t need to come back in two days. Mister Holmes is going to go to another doc. He’s fine and he’s taking the medicine you gave him. He just doesn’t need you come back and see him again.”
There was an oversized bunk built into the right-hand side of the cabin and a large table to the left with maps and charts scattered across it. In the middle of the room was a desk. There were several books stacked upon it. Sherlock stepped forward and looked at the titles. He found a book on anatomy and one on medicinal plants but to his surprise, many of them were novels.
Moran leaned back in his seat and looked at John’s wishful face. He waved to the barman for a second round of drinks, then began spinning lies to John.
John sighed and closed his eyes, wishing he could push the memory of Sherlock further away. The pain and hollowness he had been feeling since he saw the man just a week before. John leaned back against the wall in the bar. It was cool against his heated skin. His heart was still pounding in his chest from the dancing, but he felt exhausted all at once. Too tired to keep going.
Greg hesitated then turned to leave. “You could have thanked me for saving your life.” He said as he walked away.
John twisted and looked up into Greg’s face. “I can’t be arrested for telling you I’m a thief unless you know exactly what I stole. Even if my name is listed in his records, unless it is in connection with a specific crime, you can’t arrest me.”
A major walked over to the men who had been on the helicopter with John. The major looked at each man’s orders and directed them where to go. He walked up to John and held out his hand.
“I am sorry sir, that won’t be possible. She disappeared after speaking to us. Her body was found in an ally just off the main road by the docks.” The government man leaned forward and whispered. “Throat slit. She was oriental, you know.”
She disconnected the intercom and left Mycroft in silence. He wondered for a moment then decided, no, it was not good. It would never be good again.
“No, James. He was killed before Magnussen came on board. Cullen would have raised the alarm if he were alive when Magnussen stepped foot aboard. He was killed at the wheel. His throat was slit by the person standing beside him. You.”
Sherlock wanted to scream. He wanted to lash out. Use all the cruel things he had learned to do over the last seven years and punish Moran. And horrible as it was, to even punish John for letting this happen. For letting Moran defile him. Not only John’s body but the memories Sherlock had of John.
Sherlock had only been held by Hope for a day and half, but it felt so much longer. He had sweated out the opium and it made his skin stink. Also, the stress and anxiety of the situation had worn on him. He wondered where Wiggins was. He wondered if Wiggins had gone to Mycroft to tell him that he had been kidnapped.
James watched his friend as John fought his past. James had known Mary Morstan when she married John Watson. They were still in the army and John was absolutely besotted with the beta. She was a pretty young woman. Hair the color of straw and eyes that were cornflower blue. She was small and petite. And she loved John dearly. When she died, James feared for his friend’s life. He was afraid John would follow her into the grave.
“He came in with three other guy and they shot up the place. Some customers got hurt. It’s a bloody mess.” Seb said.
Sherlock was standing in the doorway between the sitting room and kitchen, watching as John worked at the hob. He glanced up and smiled at Sherlock. The open and friendly smile that John always had for him.
Sherlock hesitated, then turned and followed the beta back to a black saloon. Sherlock opened the back door and slid into the leather seats.
Moriarty came closer and kicked Moran hard in the ribs. The man didn’t move, he didn’t groan. Moriarty waved his hand and two men came over and picked John up off the floor. Another man, held out clothes for John to put on.
Standing behind him was another man. Taller and broader, obviously a bodyguard of some sort. He took a step towards Sherlock, to stop him, when the first man waved him back. The man stood and walked over to Sherlock.
“I went for weeks dreaming about you. Thinking about you. Wanting to . . . be with you.” John noticed a blush come to Sherlock’s cheeks. He seemed embarrassed by his words. It just made him that more desirable to the omega. “John, if I hadn’t stayed away after you said yes, I’m afraid I would succumb to my desires for you and . . .”
Greg turned back and studied John’s face. With the soldier’s eyes closed and his face finally relaxed, Greg could see the years and dangers John had been through. Wrinkles with tan lines radiated out from the eyelids. There were small scars across his forehead and on one cheek. Where his hair was singed back, first degree burns reddened the tan skin near his ear. John’s lips were chapped and grey. Greg regretted having to question the man, but if John was a threat to Sherlock, he needed to be stopped. More importantly, it was his job.
John couldn’t believe he actually found it comforting. Before the bonding, if an alpha had been that possessive or tactile, John would have punched them but now it just seem natural and reassuring. It caused a warmth to fill John’s body. Weeks later, John returned to work. Sherlock reluctantly let John go. Although at noon, Sherlock showed up and insisted on taking John to lunch. John smiled softly as he followed the tall detective out and down the street to Ethiopian restaurant. The two men had a meal of lamb and lentils.
Sherlock rushed to the ladder. A Vengeance sailor swung a sword at him. Sherlock brought the pistol up. The sword smacked the pistol hard. The blow stung Sherlock’s hand. He brought his knee up into the man’s groin. He doubled over and dropped his sword. Sherlock grabbed the man’s sword and rushed to John who was trying to get out from under Hope’s dead body.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock yanked his arm out of Greg’s grasp. “He doesn’t share that information with me.”
On Christmas Eve, John had insisted they invite their friends over for drinks. Molly Hooper, people from the clinic and Greg. John was trying to not think about Sherlock and Irene. He wanted to have something happy to think about. He was trying to play cupid between the detective inspector and Molly. Mrs. Hudson was more than happy to assist. They were enjoying the evening, when Sherlock’s phone texted again.
“The one you ran away from. The one who is to blame for breaking your heart so badly you are too scared to let anyone else in.”
But it wouldn’t be as easy as last time. Last time, Sherlock would have done anything to get his daily hit. He would have eagerly crawled across the floor for Jim’s amusement. And if the police hadn’t raid the flat at that moment, then Jim would have had Sherlock for his very own. He had wanted the boy since he met him with Victor years ago. He had offered to buy Sherlock off the idiot, but Victor said no. Stupid idiot. Then Victor let him slip away. Let Sherlock get tangled up with that boring medical student. Jim wasn’t allowed to touch Sherlock when Watson was around. He never did quite understand that. He didn’t know why Watson was so important.
Moran looked though the scope of the rifle. He was stationed in the rafters above the pool. He had placed his other five shooters in various places around the pool. His boss wanted to make a point to the detective and Moran was going to do his best to fulfill his boss’ wishes.
John’s confusion showed briefly before he turned away from the criminal. “Let me out of this car and I need never see another Holmes again.”
There were pen’s and inkwells. There were some blank sheets of paper. He opened another drawer and found a ream of paper that had been written on. He pulled out the first page and began to read. It was some kind of story or novel. Sherlock wasn’t sure. He reached for the second sheet when the door opened.
“Ladies,” John nodded to women who slowly stood up and started to walk seductively around John and Sherlock.
“Sherlock, you don’t understand. You are so naïve.” Mycroft said as he pulled his shoulders back to appear taller and more in control.
“John, Moriarty will harm you if you stay. Holmes can’t protect you, but I can. I won’t let anyone tie a bomb to you again.”
Sherlock noticed the sadness in John’s voice. He looked back at the men in the photo. Two men stood on John’s left and two stood on his right. One man on the right had his arm thrown over John’s shoulders. John’s right arm was wrapped around the man’s waist. They were comfortable with holding each other. He was taller than John with red hair and turquoise blue eyes. He was standing closer to John than a friend would. John was leaning in towards him. Sherlock didn’t want to make the deduction about what the body language was telling him.
A man was slowly mopping the floor near a raised stage that John didn’t know was even in the bar. Frankie was sitting at a table that gave him a view of the whole room, with the bar behind him. He was reading a newspaper and smoking a cigarette. A cup of coffee sat in front of him with a soggy looking pastry on a plate.
“I . . . I don’t know. I mean he was everything to me. I was devastated when found out he was gone. None of my letters opened. I thought for a moment that something had happened to him. Something bad and he couldn’t tell anyone to call me. But then, when I then I spoke to his brother and well, it wasn’t good. It didn’t matter how I felt. Sherlock didn’t want to wait. He didn’t care.”
“You’re the one who treated him like a fucking object, Holmes. You and your brother. Now, com’on John, I’ve made the arrangements.”
Moran licked his lips wondering if he could convince Moriarty to change his mind and allow him to keep the man for himself.
“Yes, they got away with two million euros in gold coins.” Lestrade looked down at Sherlock’s up turned face.
The stranger pulled out a gun and pointed it at the barman. The big burly man backed away with his hands raised. The stranger tossed John’s clothes on the floor as he searched for something, anything to figure out where the doctor had gone. There were no clues. He had lost his chance to kill John Watson.
John’s face turned red. He took several deep breathes as his lips thinned and the corners of his mouth dipped down.
2005       John stared dumbfounded at the inspector. The man’s face was stern but still open and almost friendly. Greg Lestrade held John’s stare waiting for the young man to say something.
The two men started down the stairs and crossed the deck towards the stern of the ship. Henry Barr was standing near the rail. He was stripped naked. A bucket of water at his feet. Barr was scrubbing himself with hard soap  then dipping a rag into the water. He wiped the soap and sweat away with the rag. The water dripping off his ebony skin.
The sensation of John leaning up into him and the first brush of John’s warm lips over his. Feeling his heartrate increase and a warmth fill his abdomen. He had been kissed before. He had allowed other alphas to explore his mouth, but none had tasted like John. None had made Sherlock want more.
“Oh, how disappointing.” Jim gasped then collapsed on to the wool carpet. His legs folded neatly underneath him.
This John was guarded and closed off. He didn’t want to listen to Sherlock. He didn’t believe in Sherlock anymore. This John didn’t have the same open and friendly expression. His eyes, although still as blue where cold and distant. They had seen too many ugly things in the world. They would never look at Sherlock in wonder and amazement again.
“No one really.” Frankie said. “I only met you once before you came in ‘ere. But your mum . . . she was a totty. I fell in love with ‘er the moment I met ‘er. But she only had eyes for that bugger, Harold Watson.” Frankie practically spat the words. “He killed ‘er, you know.”
John’s fingers were slowly stroking through the fine dark hair of his pup. His face was round and William already had the same cupid bow lips as his alpha. John watched as William pouted his lips as he drank hardily.
Sherlock took a step back. He fought to stay on his feet and not kneel. The alpha pheromones flooding the room.
Moran was lucky to be able to remain in the army after he had abandoned his post rushing after John. He had contacted the base hospital at Dempsey Barracks trying to get information about the young omega. An insolent nurse told Moran, since he was not John’s commanding officer or his alpha, they would not release any information regarding former Captain John Watson. All Moran knew was John had survived his injury and been discharged. Where he went after he was discharged, Moran didn’t know.
Lestrade glanced back and forth between the three men, Sherlock, Mycroft and John. He finally turned to PC White. “Let’s go and arrest Moriarty. He gave us a false alibi.”
Mycroft turned and looked out at the sea one more time. He wanted Sherlock back. He wanted to know he was safe. He felt responsible for whatever danger Sherlock was in now. Alone and probably fighting for his very life.
The kisses were messy and uncoordinated. Not what John expected but enjoyable all the same. It was as if kissing was something foreign and new to the omega. John growled at the thought he was the first to kiss the man. The first to taste the omega’s mouth.
“Were you injured together?” Sherlock asked. He didn’t recognize his own voice. It sounded hollow to his ears.
John glared and Sherlock thought for a second that John was going to hit him. “That murdering bastard James?”
So that was how he ended up here. At a gay bar dancing with Joey. John decided to see what it was like on the other side of the street. Joey was the bartender of the ‘Backdoor’. He was in his mid to late forties, with thinning hair and small paunch. As soon as John walked through the door, he felt completely and totally out of place. Joey picked up on it and took John under his wing. A few hours later, John was enjoying himself. He was dancing in the middle of the crowd. The lights were stropping from oranges and yellows to reds and violets. The music was loud and no one seemed too concerned with how the other person was dancing. It was freeing and relaxing. John could just be himself and dance like he wanted too.
Several of the men, who were not shooting, stood up to welcome the major back. There were pats on the back and jokes and inquires on his health. It felt good to be back with his men, James thought. James glance at the young doctor then returned John’s smile. He could feel his skin flush slightly and suddenly he just wanted to be alone with John. He awkwardly turned to the men and asked.
“What are you doing here? The police said you were jail.” John wondered how much worse the day could get.
Mary tipped her chin up and stared the man straight in his dark eyes. “I trust my husband’s judgement and if he states that Livingston has the situation in control, then Livingston has the situation in control.”
Greg hesitated again. “He made mistakes.” John didn’t say anything. Greg continued, “Look, it’s good to see you’re back. Let’s go get a pint sometime.”
Seb was a friend of the bouncers and the bartenders at the club. He got John into the club for free and both of them had been getting free beers all night. Seb had kept bring John drinks, then pulling him back out on to the dance floor. It had been a great night. They had been there for two hours before Seb danced close enough to John to slip his hand around John’s waist. Slowly, he pulled the shorter man closer. John let him. It felt nice to be held again. To feel a strong arm wrapped around his waist and another person move close to him. Two hours and fifteen minutes into the evening, Seb bent down to kiss John for the first time.
“Sherlock identified two other murders other than Lady Smallwood who died here. He said whoever killed her, probably killed Victor Trevor too.” John said as he stare apprehensively at Smith.
“You bloody idiot! You put me through twelve hours of pure hell wondering if I should call an ambulance or your brother! I should punch you in the face for this! And all because you don’t like being alone!”
Mycroft cocked his head to the side briefly and then nodded. “It might be advantageous to have secret agents who could work unseen. Some one who could ferret out those who wish to do harm to England.”
"That does not seem to me to fit very neatly into Dr. Freud's analysis," Moriarty persisted. "Why should his grief for the loss of his parents become suddenly unbearable twenty years after the fact? It's possible, of course; just as it’s possible that the addictive nature of the drug is in itself sufficient explanation for his sudden downfall. But before accepting either of those possibilities, it still seems necessary to ask whether some new grief might not have weighed on him.
"Ah, Watson," said he, casting an arch look over his shoulder as he crossed to the window. The streetlamp below cast him in silhouette. "How kind of you to visit."
I could not have explained my misery to him, and so, perforce, I hid it, along with the increasingly potent means by which I sought relief. He and I had drifted apart, even as self-loathing spindled itself through my heart’s old fault lines. Ever since I lost my parents, I’d had a visceral revulsion toward the thought of adultery, and to find myself in love with a married man was appalling. Illicit desire had unearthed in me a distressing resemblance to my old tutor that I could not root out.
"Not at all. No, the professor knows nothing for certain of my own inclinations; I was only a child when he knew me. It was Mycroft's history in that regard, not mine, that he was privy to."
Well, it won't surprise you to hear that purses and belts have got tighter in our household since. And maybe it's because I was so fond of my father, or maybe it's because Mr. Windibank is more of an age to be my sibling than my parent, but he and I have had a good deal of trouble making our peace. He has a tendency to order me about, and I'm afraid I don't always respond
"I am not shocked so much as incredulous," I retorted. "In all the years I’ve known him, in all the time we’ve spent together, I’ve never seen Holmes show any real partiality toward another man."
He shifted, rubbing at his mouth. "Our second summer proved less harmonious, in large part because I lost confidence in his methods. He asked me to submit to hypnosis, to recount my dreams, to regurgitate as many meandering thoughts as possible, and his lines of questioning varied from nonsensical to puerile. For several weeks I was mystified as to what he hoped to achieve with all that fuss. Gradually, I began to see that he was searching for some malformation in my subconscious that would explain my choices, my desires and mistakes.
"And yet, the news reports have uncovered nothing so grand. Shall we test your proposition? 'A Husband's Cruelty Ends Fifty-Year Marriage.' I've not read a word, but the outline of events is surely predictable. I'd bet on a history of drink, a string of affairs, and the slow escalation of violence until some sympathetic friend helped the sufferer to break free."
Professor Moriarty looked wearily into my face, then nodded, more than ready to surrender the problem to me. "You have lied your way into this mess, Doctor. I should say it's up to you to lie your way out of it."
I was too surprised to know how to answer him. Without raising his eyes, Moriarty offered a small, wry grimace.
During the years we’d lived together, I’d never seriously considered confessing my feelings. I took it to be an impossibility, and although my longing blazed fiercely at times, a friendship as all-encompassing as ours could not leave me truly unhappy. Our life at Baker Street had been almost conjugal, lacking only the bedroom. I mistook my contentment with that arrangement for proof that my passion for him was a mere inclination
His smile softened. “True.” He glanced at the instruments crowding my tabletop. “May I ask after your research?”
Watson said, "When Moriarty brought up the question of inversion, my first thought was that he was a blackmailer. And I remember now
I lowered my eyes quickly, lest Watson catch the direction my thoughts were straying. It would be for him to decide if and how we might touch, and that was not a conversation for tonight.
'Do you suppose we might introduce them?' Watson asked. 'Such a friendship could do Mrs Ronder much good, don't you think?' He frowned then, biting at his lip. 'But, of course, Mrs Cubitt might find it difficult to be in touch with a lady still struggling with self-destructive impulses. There's no telling how hard it's been for her to put her own behind her.'
. He raised his eyebrows in silent question, and I told him the crisis was averted. He lifted both hands to cover his face. Before leaving him to the privacy his wracked anxieties deserved, I lowered my eyes and apologised as directly and simply as I knew how. I had meant to embarrass him, not endanger him, but my poor judgement had nearly proved catastrophic.
He brushed the back of his hand across my shoulders on his way to the sideboard. He poured us both a nightcap, then tossed the settee cushions one by one into a pile by the coal-scuttle. I joined him on the floor. We clinked glasses and let conversation drop in favour of the soft sounds of the fire. It was burning down, and soon the ash would smother the flames to embers. Holmes sat cross-legged in his mouse-coloured gown, head cocked as if he were mentally rehearsing his fiddle. After a quarter hour, I lay back and let my head rest on his knee. Absently, he carded my hair.
Mrs Cubitt stared at her in astonishment, taken aback both by her dramatic declaration and by the sudden shift the evening's mood had taken, but Mrs Ronder pressed on. 'My husband hurt me. He was full of rage and jealousy; he used to lash a whip across my back. He was a coward, a bully, and a beast, and I conspired with my lover to kill him. I have suffered for it, more than I thought anyone could suffer, short of hell. But I cannot say I truly repent, even now. I could not have borne another day, another night, as his wife. And he would never have let me go. But you are a good woman, and I can see that you loved your husband dearly. Perhaps you would rather not have to do with me.'
"Just between you and me," she said, her voice electric, "what you did to my mother, and to me, was as cruel and selfish and heartless a sin as ever I saw. Someone should lay a horsewhip across your shoulders for it. In fact…" her eye drifted to our fireside and the weighted hunting crop Holmes kept for emergencies, "…I think I shall just treat myself to—"
I remembered those evenings with wistful fondness and would never wish to incautiously trod upon ground that was, for him, sacred to her. But Watson reassured me; though naturally there were particular songs reserved for Mary in his heart, that did not mean that he and I might not find our own together with equal joy. I cannot explain why the simple tunes under his hands on that piano should have affected me so deeply, but to sit beside him at our hearth and hear him singing love songs to me—it touched some flushed and tender slip of my soul.
The clock struck three and he began to make his excuses, thanking me and half-rising from his chair before wavering, half in and half out, then sinking back down with a frustrated sigh.
Mrs Cubitt and Mrs Ronder sent us their best wishes for the Christmas season, and invited us to visit the manor in the new year for a charity benefit. They intended to raise funds for the poorhouse, and hoped we could attend. Their message concluded with expressions of heartfelt gratitude for having brought them together. 'You have done more for us than you know,' Mrs Cubitt wrote. Watson gave me a speaking glance, and we chuckled cheerfully.
We applauded her at the conclusion of each story, but upon finishing "The Masque of the Red Death," she stood unmoving at the reading stand, her air slipping visibly into hesitance and grief. We held silent, unsure whether she merely needed a moment of privacy to gather herself. But before any of us could hazard a guess as to her state of mind, she straightened resolutely and addressed herself to Mrs Cubitt.
“Then let me court you.” I twined my fingers through his. “We need not rush. We need not change very much at all. We shall have an understanding, that’s all, and see what comes of it.”
"My life?" he pressed quietly. "My livelihood? My freedom? You have not hesitated to appoint yourself my judge and jury, but even so, I think I had a right to answer your accusations before you set me upon the pillory." He sighed, pressing the heel of one hand to his temple with every appearance of exhausted grief. "I don't believe I could have saved anyone that day, had I stayed. I truly don't. You are not wrong to call me a selfish coward, for once the gun came out I had no thought except to run. That much is true. But in the years since, I have not lived so free from guilt as you seem to think.
Holmes glanced at me, bright-eyed, and observed, "Oscillation on the pavement is usually the mark of a love affair gone wrong, but from this vigorous young lady I think we may hope for stranger things."
And with that, the landing door burst open with a flash of magnesium powder. The newspaper reporter currently dressed as our housekeeper announced from behind her camera, "I heard it all, gentlemen, and many thanks for getting him to confess a little louder. My editor will love that."
But in the back of my mind, oh, I did not forget where we were, or what liberties we might take with one another should his regard for me ever flower into desire. France was no Eden for lovers of our sort, not even in Paris. Discretion was usually expected and intolerance widespread. But the inclinations of our hearts would not subject us to arrest, nor the state of our sheets tempt the maids to blackmail. There had been no sodomy laws in France since the Revolution
I caught my breath at once, seized by the possibilities. What woman could have a better hope of understanding Mrs Ronder, and being understood in turn? It had been more than ten years since the terrible tragedy at Ridling Thorpe Manor. Mrs Cubitt had made a full recovery, which Watson informed me amounted to a miracle. The bullet she had fired into her own head in a frenzy of despair had traversed both hemispheres of her brain, a circumstance which had sharply increased the odds of brain damage. More dangerous still, the bullet had remained lodged there, requiring the most delicate surgery to remove. Her odds of survival had been low, and the likelihood that her mind and personality would remain recognizably her own had been lower still.
Even for a gentleman with every possible advantage—honour behind me, love before me, and wealth to comfortably sustain—it was a hard thing to take the first step into a new life. Our client today had made her way through bleak varieties of pain: brutalized by her husband, left to die by her lover, and shunned by a society that had no use for a woman once her beauty became disfigured. She had wanted the truth of her suffering, and even of her guilt, to be remembered; but by God, what use was it to stand witness to such misery if there was nothing to be
By the time we stumbled up to our bedrooms we were exhausted in every conceivable sense, and yet we lingered in the corridor together, unwilling to let the night end on such a melancholy note.
I found Miss Sutherland, sweaty and bare-headed but with an air of weary calm about her, sitting on the stoop facing our tiny, fenced back garden. Mrs. Hudson and the maids knew better than to touch, let alone eat, anything from the wild assortment of shoots, shrubs, and creeping vines that Holmes considered worth cultivating, so the spot ran happily to seed. I extracted an old rain barrel from the unsettling cluster of Doll's Eyes by the gate. The staves were no longer in any shape to hold water but hadn't rotted through. Making of it an impromptu stool, I sat beside her and settled into silence. We listened to the sounds of traffic from Baker Street, the occasional songbird. I could see the horsewhip through the kitchen window behind us; she'd hooked it neatly on an empty peg of the herb rack.
I, who knew him best in the world? It hurt me even to entertain the idea. Of his love for me, and mine for him, I’d never been in doubt, but his affection had no more exceeded the bounds of friendship than had mine.
"Dr. Watson," said Moriarty, "pardon me for calling on you again so soon." I formed the distinct impression that he had surprised himself, as much as me, by coming back.
And of course, in a way, he was real: for, however pathetic a figure he cut, this man had long since proved himself the opposite of harmless.
The stroke of Watson's thumb across the back of my hand pulled me from my thoughts again. His gaze was sympathetic, and he didn't try to tell me that these wretched reflections did no one any good. He merely stood, pulling me to him, and grazed his fingertips across my cheek. For months we had made free with our caresses, but I remained profoundly susceptible even to the least of them.
He caught my sleeve as I began to turn away. Darting in with impulsive, nervous speed, he brushed his lips to the corner of my mouth. It was a shy, uncertain kiss, there and gone in an instant and light as the wind on the waves.
Yet she had pulled through, and manifestly she had found a way forward. Surely she must bear the scars of her experience in both body and soul, but her resilience had been formidable. If I recalled correctly, she had taken on the management of her late husband's estate and had gone to notable lengths in support of the poor. Neither Watson nor I had ever met the lady, as she had been invalided throughout our investigation and at the time of Slaney's trial. I felt certain, however, that she would remember our names and our involvement in the case.
It was generous of her to meet us like that, in barefaced frankness and solidarity. The gesture evidently touched Mrs Ronder in some vital, intuitive way. She quickened her pace and pulled ahead of us, animated by a spontaneous fervency of which she seemed hardly aware, and reached out to clasp Mrs Cubitt's hands. Watson and I halted at the edge of the drive, hanging back for a moment while the two ladies stood close together, both of them tremulous with sincerity as they declared themselves 'so very glad to meet you.'
I emerged from my bedroom to find that the morning post had brought another letter from Watson, and the chemist’s boy had already come by with today’s deliveries.
when Holmes beckoned me to join him. Looking over his shoulder, I saw at once the oddity who'd caught his eye.
Having been away nearly a fortnight, I half-expected upon my return to find Baker Street a smoking ruin and my friend draped bare-chested across the rubble, lacking only a metropolitan eagle to feast obligingly on his liver. In the old days he would have reproached me with some such display, in the spirit if not in the flesh. Holmes had never hesitated to strike martyred poses when my attention was needed elsewhere.
On returning home, I found Moriarty sequestered in a chilly corner of my consulting room, hunched over an old copy of
"Why do you think I came to you through this godforsaken snow with my breath in my fist? I'm here because I daren't go home
The flush that had been building in the blackguard's cheeks drained abruptly to chalk, and he dropped back in his chair with a helpless gurgle. Holmes and I framed him carefully to the left and right, our eyes blazing fire and the line from his chair to the closed door of the landing perfectly clear.
Moriarty blinked at me, clearly shaken, but with a fresh glint of both relief and respect in his eyes. "Thank you," he said quietly, and then, "Rest assured, I'm not simply trying to dodge my own guilt. I know I hurt Master Sherlock terribly, and the tragedy had a profound impact on the course of his life. I simply think it premature to declare it the Rosetta Stone to his character. I suspect Dr. Freud’s single-minded attention to our sad affairs has led him, and you, to overlook other matters of importance. Lord knows I am no intimate of Mr. Holmes; I have not really known him since he was a boy, and so I may be wrong. But surely you're aware that when a man has no eye for women, there is more than one possible explanation."
I went home in a brown study, my mother attempting to comfort my broken heart all the way, and as soon as we turned in that night I started reviewing the evidence. In fact, I read over some of your stories to see if they might jog any ideas. After revisiting "The Naval Treaty," I asked myself whether the whole charade might simply have been an excuse to get me out of my room? Perhaps the wretch bundled me and Mam off to church so he could break in to retrieve some valuable hidden under the floor! Well, gentlemen, I pulled up the rugs and gave the deck a thorough dusting with the front of my nightgown, crawling along with my ear to the boards, tapping up and down and searching for hollow spaces half the night. But it was a bust as far as hidden compartments go. Nor did I uncover even one subterranean tunnel to any neighboring bank, more's the pity." Her eyes crinkled and a great boom of laughter pealed out. I joined in with her helplessly.
He had told me how stupid I was. Of course, in his right mind he could never have been so cruel, but even knowing that he was beyond reason, I’d still been stunned by his vituperation. I had never suspected that my slowness at the deductive side of casework could have inspired such awful resentment. On the contrary, I had always thought that he rather enjoyed keeping me in suspense. I’d been as confused and astonished as I was hurt by the agonizing bitterness pouring out of him. He’d screamed at me: that I understood nothing, that my blindness was crippling, that I drove him to despair. That he wished to God he had never met me, never burdened himself with a companion so utterly hopeless.
So Mycroft and I worked out our own little systems. We learned to string together probabilities and hang deductions off of the details of clothing and the marks of wear on everyday objects. We discovered all the rich nuances of facial expression, so often overlooked by the Sighted, but just as capable of broadcasting thought and emotion as the mind itself. By the time we were school-aged, we could pass as possessing perfectly average Sight. By adulthood, we had so far elaborated and mastered our techniques that we were generally assumed to be telepathic savants. We never confirmed such claims, but never disputed them either.
The was a sharp crack of glass as Windibank's scotch went tumbling to the floor. He rose in high fluster. "A poor joke, sir! A poor joke, indeed. And what do you mean by it, anyhow?"
Watson had the bad habit of telling his stories backwards, but I might finally have outdone him. For years the most constant, incontrovertible thought in my head had been: I cannot go back to him until I sort myself out. But my weeks and months in France had finally worked a slow transposition, such that nowadays I was as often convinced: I cannot sort myself out until I go back to him.
Our client's face paled, but she clasped her hands and simply said, "I am ready to do whatever you advise, Mr. Holmes."
The paper almost fluttered loose from my hands. In the space of a breath, after years of indecision, new certainties came showering into my lap:
, and picked up a pen from my desk. He scribbled a line just below the last item on the published list, then handed over the open-faced tome with a flourish.
Moriarty clasped his hands together in a combination of skepticism, nerves, and concern. "I'm not so sure that's true, Dr. Watson. In fact, I doubt it very sincerely."
And so I interpreted his inner stillness as the most perfect shielding. I thought it was a deliberate exercise of control; he seemed a fine-tuned rational machine. And because I misunderstood the nature of his silence, I found it disconcerting when our friendship grew more intimate, but between our minds there remained the same reserve upon his side as ever."
I knew the lines of his face, the expressions of his eyes. I had charted his most mercurial moods through fair weather and foul. And even if all my years of living and working alongside him, of writing books devoted to him, had been insufficient to teach me to read him true
"Make no mistake," he said, "that is the level of moral 'justice' you have dealt out here, and with as little foresight as any of my third-formers." He rose from his chair and began to pace, vibrating with nervous energy. "Had you paused to reflect before sending your story to print, you might have remembered that Master Sherlock visited my headmaster three years ago to complain about me. I told you as much when first we met. He told him that I was a master criminal, embellishing his accusations with many details identical to those you have just made public. Immediately thereafter, I took a leave of absence and traveled to the continent in order to help you get your friend the treatment he so badly needed.
"Watson, please," he hushed me, pressing his hand over my mouth. I smiled against his palm. He shook his head; we never had learned how to stand too much sincerity from each other.
We looked our fill, he and I. “Well met,” I said at last, and his shoulders shook a little with mischievous self-delight. He couldn’t have planned that better with a month to prepare. I tilted my head inquiringly. “Would you care to come in, monsieur?”
I put my lips to his ear. "You shared your secret with someone who needed to hear it," I said on my lightest breath. "It was extraordinary."
The lady was rather flamboyantly dressed, from the cheerful, diaphanous scarf trailing her like the tail of a kite to the long white feather that arched above her broad-brimmed hat with a panache de Bergerac would have applauded. She moved down the street with an almost bullish air—not aggressive, but certainly determined.
By the tepid light of the new fire, Moriarty looked pallid and overwrought. "Why have you done this?" His voice carried the same hapless whine that had so irritated me in all our previous dealings. "What could have possessed you to publish such malicious lies? You have made me out to be…to be the criminal of the century! That's utter
"Oh no," I said, trusting her to read my absolute sincerity. "No, not at all. That passage was…it was a mistake. More than a mistake, it was a
A single page of a longer letter, the beginning and end of which have been lost. This appears to be correspondence with a prospective patient, for Dr. Freud urges them to consider accepting "the services which I have gratis offered." The prospective patient had suffered emotional trauma of an unspecified nature many years previously. Freud wrote: "Having learned of the tragedy, I would like to turn that knowledge to some good. I feel sure that it has weighed on you, so much so that you may not be fully conscious of its impact. Over the summer, will you not come again to see me? I daresay there have been few with whom you could ever discuss it. I promise I shall not treat you as an invalid or an hysteric. But I believe 'the talking cure,' as my colleague has dubbed it, has beneficial effects for many who have had to repress strong feelings or painful memories in order to get on with life. Having pursued a profession devoted to orderly thought, rationality, and logic, I would urge you once more to consider the…" Here the page ends.
"Professor Moriarty," said I with cold formality, "pray take a seat and give me a moment to rekindle the fire. I was halfway to bed, as you see." I was starting to shiver, too, standing by the draughty chimney in nothing but my night-shirt and dressing gown, feet bare on the rug. "We may as well make ourselves comfortable. For if you've half as much to say as you have to answer for, we shall be here all night."
With that informality characteristic of Americans, Mrs Cubitt did not wait for her housemaid to conduct us to the parlour, but instead stepped out onto the portico as soon as our carriage arrived and started down the steps to greet us. Her stout figure and ruddy cheeks testified to the habits of an active, healthy life. Long tresses of chestnut hair were pinned neatly atop her head, with a few wispy ringlets left loose to frame her ravaged face. The pucker of the old entrance wound was relatively minor, a mere pock-mark set low on her temple. Her right eye, however, had evidently been so damaged as to require removal, and the framework of skin and bone around the empty socket was sunken in. Faint indentations running diagonally across the skin of her cheek suggested she often covered the eye with a patch, but she had forgone it today. Upon her forehead was the raised, distinctive bump that marked the site of trepanning, and her hairline zigzagged round it. She was unveiled, though the absence of freckles informed me she rarely ventured outside so.
Miss Mary Sutherland held the fragile volume in her lap and stared down at my old tally, onto which Holmes had tacked the brief addendum: 'Psionic sensitivity - Nil.'
, sir, as you well know. We took your friend all the way to Vienna to cure him of this delusion, and I thought we had succeeded? Yet now I find he has passed it on to you, and you have spread it about all of London and soon enough far beyond that!" He cradled his head in his hands, rocking violently in his chair. "God help me, there'll be no end of it. It can't…it
The blots, corrections, and re-wordings upon the manuscript page make clear that this was a draft letter. It would most likely have been recopied before being sent, if indeed it was ever mailed.
will get out, first to Scotland Yard and then to the papers, and the scandal will sink us all together!"
His wife invited me to share their table, and afterwards we retired to his office for a private discussion. I told him, with all the sober conviction I could muster, that my friend Holmes, for the sake of a vitally important case, had committed himself to an undercover mission. The details were too confidential to explain, but the utmost secrecy about Holmes's whereabouts and activities must be preserved. To that end, I confided that my most recent story was a deliberate ruse designed to enable Holmes's temporary disappearance. We had turned to Professor Moriarty for help, as some years previously he had agreed to assist us in preparing for such an eventuality. Holmes, ever prescient about the sacrifices his profession might require, had taken the precaution of inventing a villainous alter ego in case the extreme step of shamming his own death should ever prove necessary. With Moriarty's permission, I was now putting those old rumours to good use.
I shrugged. “Petrarch attended the law school next door and thoroughly loathed it. Though I suppose, as an admirer of his poetry, I must be grateful that they failed to make a lawyer of him.  The medical faculty expelled Nostradamus, the self-proclaimed prophet
I sat astonished at such a wildly unexpected swerve in the conversation. The implication was impossible to miss, and I stiffened abruptly
“I’m experimenting with aniline derivatives. They’re a promising family of analgesics, though none have yet been discovered that are strong enough to serve as anesthetics. Perhaps I’ll be fortunate enough to make advances in that direction. If not, there is still much to be learned about the potential for milder pain relief in medicines like this.” I gestured at the white, clumpy silt sitting in my flask. “This particular derivative was first synthesised a little over fifteen years ago and is now on the cusp of entering into medical use. It’s called paracetamol.”
The passage was a painful one to recall under any circumstances, but was made worse by the sheen of unshed tears in her eyes that belied the steady tone of her voice. "I re-read some of your stories that day, I'm afraid. Is that truly how it is, Dr. Watson, to live beside one of us? I know how it feels not to See or be Seen, but then, I've never known anything different. I can't really imagine what it's like for you to expect to encounter a person behind our eyes the same as any other, and instead to find an empty darkness that's covered up every thought and feeling. In here," she touched her open hand to her chest, "we can't be touched. Whilst everyone else can be. Reaching for us must feel very…cold."
She surprised a grand laugh out of Watson, who obliged with a marvelous re-telling of that strange and grotesque puzzle. His skills as a storyteller have been amply acknowledged by the reading public, but then, they've never known what they were missing. To laud his publications is to accept the shadow of his talent in place of its true substance. His words, marooned on the page without the nuance of his voice and gestures, lose half their power.
Her face crumpled, and an awful hiccup of a sob caught in her throat. "But why?" she cried. "Is it…could it really have been about my measly hundred pounds? Could that pittance have been worth
"That afternoon I had to spend waiting for him to finish his investigation, knowing something was terribly wrong but not yet seeing what it was. Do you know what I did to keep my mind from running in constant circles?"
The next day an evil little bottle smelling lightly of almonds and glinting blue beneath its poison label arrived in the post for us, as did Mrs Cubitt's reply.
Watson had bought a small upright piano for our parlour. Like many sister-less boys of our generation, both he and I had learned to play as children. Even then, I'd found the popular standards so trite and plodding that I'd never invested much in the instrument, graduating to the violin with great relief. But Watson had his sentimental favourites. His voice always exercised a certain witchcraft over me, never more than when raised in song. Yet for years, I had been reticent to tell him so.
In the brief hush that followed, I met his eyes. There was an unguardedness there, at once uncertain and bold and as rare as it was lovely. Something of my heartfelt admiration must have shone in my face, for his shoulders rose on a sudden, sharp intake of breath. I'd never known him to confess so openly to his Blindness. Indeed, before today I was aware of no one, apart from Irene and myself, in whom he'd confided. Moriarty had deduced it, damn his soul to hell; and as for Mycroft, they'd lived in the dark together all their lives. But to see him calmly owning this truth to a stranger—it felt momentous.
We met by appointment early Sunday morning on the platform for the Midland and Great Northern line. Mrs Ronder naturally retained her black hat with its thick veil, but lightened its mournful aspect with a tidy frock of bottle green and old-fashioned lace gloves. Thankfully we were in the off-season, so the train was not overfull. The three of us settled peaceably into the compartment we'd reserved, each well-fortified with books and newspapers to pass the time. It would take more than five hours to reach North Walsham from London.
"My dear lady," Holmes laughed, "you speak the language of my heart! Pray have a seat, and we'll be delighted to hear your statement. If you could begin by giving us a sketch of your current circumstances, please, and then describe how first you happened upon this sinister character."
“You are perfectly correct,” I said. “But my own preliminary research points in the opposite direction. Much more work will need to be done before any reliable safety pronouncements can be made. But I have great hopes for this drug.”
I had been present when Freud had coaxed the truth from Holmes under hypnosis. I'd felt the stunning weight of revelation as so many facets of my friend’s character had traced themselves back to the great betrayals of his youth: his tutor’s wandering eye, his mother's infidelity, and his father's brutality. In the moment of discovery, the psychological effects of all this had seemed inarguable, like the grand conclusion to one of Holmes's most intricate cases.
A deep hush fell over the room in the wake of this extraordinary speech. Watson and I knew that it was not our place to break the silence. Mrs Ronder sat with her hands clasped loosely together, every line of her posture weighed down by nervous exhaustion. It struck me clearly then how different this latest confession felt from her first. When she had appointed us to be her witnesses, it had been the calm and clear-eyed act of a numbed soul resigned to death. There had been none of that wavering ache which now threaded through her words; that fear, renewed at last, of having more to lose.
In his recent letters, I seemed to catch implied invitations to confide in him. But what I had to confide could not be committed to paper, and my unease at the prospect of returning to England had never quite faded. I’d pushed all that aside at the time of Mrs. Watson’s passing and stayed with my friend through his first awful weeks of bereavement. But for the rest of my hiatus, I’d avoided all the places I’d once called home. My solitary, fevered existence during those last few years at Baker Street assumed such an awful aspect in hindsight that I couldn’t stomach the idea of revisiting the place while so much else in my life was still unresolved. If there was a safe corner of the world in which to sit down with Watson and untangle the past, it was not to be found in London.
Watson drafted a letter of appeal. Without naming names, he conveyed succinctly our client's state of mind and current circumstances. The details of her history he kept private, but he openly described the mutilation of her face so that it wouldn't come as an undue shock should Mrs Cubitt agree to a meeting. What we hoped our client might gain through the introduction, he emphasised, was the support of another lady who could understand her struggles. But, of course, Mrs Cubitt knew best whether she was in a position to reach out without endangering her hard-won peace of mind.
“Safe, effective pain relief is the Holy Grail of my profession,” he agreed. “I’m very pleased to hear that you consider these medicines so promising.”
We stood with our hands clasped warmly, quietly amazed at one other. The medical students nearby paid us no mind.
I'd told myself I should hold to my routines, try to keep the ground steady beneath my feet while this new intimacy between us was still in such early bloom. But maybe, underneath it all, there lay a simpler ache. Having spent so long in waiting, perhaps it soothed something in me to be waited for.
The occasion doubtless called for eloquence, but I had none. I simply said, “My dear Watson, I thought I had a secret to tell you. But you already know it, do you not?”
He tightened his hand around mine with an encouraging shake, and his smile, though tired, was earnest. 'It's not a problem to be solved in one night, though, Holmes. It's a human life and an independent will we have to deal with. You've done what you could to forestall any immediate tragedy, so don't reproach yourself for that sermon. As for what more might be done, we can sit down tomorrow and rummage through our connexions for anyone who could be of service to the lady. We'll find some leads worth pursuing, I'm sure.'
Mr. James Windibank slithered his way to our front bell on the evening of the 15th, as expected. He handed his shiny top-hat to the maid at the door, and the housekeeper showed him up the stairs to our sitting room. Holmes and I were both ready to greet him, and I poured him two fingers of scotch which he gladly accepted.
Instead, our eyes caught and he commenced peacocking with all his usual subtlety. He angled his wrist just so, and the firelight sparked across a gargantuan, finely-cut diamond set in a thick gold ring that had not adorned his hand when last I held it.
That night, curled around him in bed with my nose in his hair, I whispered, "You have a grand gift of silence."
"Well, gentlemen," she said brightly, "my name is Miss Mary Sutherland, and I'm over the moon to find you both at home. I shan't bother you with trivia outside of business except to say that I've read Dr. Watson's accounts and they've meant a good deal to me." She bowed her head in my direction, her expression good-humoured but with an odd seriousness about her eyes. Then she turned her full attention to my companion, who was no doubt reading untold revelations in her bootlaces.
I pressed on, just a little farther. “Professor Moriarty was with us for a year and a half. He never was the confrontational sort, and it's not as if he stood up to Father. But all the same, he was good to us. To Mycroft especially, I think he more closely resembled a friend than a teacher. My poor brother thought himself lucky in that, for he badly needed a sympathetic ear. There were only seven years' difference in their ages, and the distance between nineteen and twenty-six seemed much smaller, I'm sure, than the gap between the two of us brothers at twelve and nineteen.”
Though we would never be friends, I didn't relish the thought of any man fearing me or my temper. I tried to set him at ease. He answered my efforts with his own, and we made determined civilities. I heard about his students. He heard about my patients. The quarter hour passed into the half, and then a quarter to. Throughout our stilted conversation, I watched him silently debate whether to say to me whatever it was he'd come to say. More than once he looked searchingly into my face, his expression overtaken by some unspoken thought. I stifled both my impatience and my curiosity, having resolved not to press him.
"I am, Mr. Holmes," she said. "To you I'm sure it sounds naïve, but the art of detection appeals to me. With my Sight so poor, I've always been drawn to the type of questions better solved by logic than telepathy. It's why I took to maths, and why I take to puzzles. And though you'll be surprised to hear it, the lines of reasoning you've worked out and that Dr. Watson has made famous—they happen to be really useful to those of us who cannot See, and therefore must
He supped alone as I made my circuits of the room or huddled at my work table, and I took comfort in the sight of him. He was a little withdrawn, still troubled by all we'd heard. His brow creased and his hands flitted over the tablecloth, smoothing it absently. After the dishes were cleared, he moved to his armchair and looked out the window for a quarter hour, then propped his notebook on his knee and set to writing.
Such was the clay that built the bricks of my addiction. I followed that well-paved road very nearly to hell.
was this an attempt at blackmail? A threat to set an entirely different flavour of scandal racing through the city?
"Price-Jones. Give me his address. I will see him first thing in the morning, and I have from now till sunrise to think up an explanation that will satisfy him. He won't go to the police
I gather that, from university to middle age, Mr. Holmes remained a low-dosage addict. The loss of his parents may well have started him down that path, just as Dr. Freud believes, and his anger at me clearly wove itself into the practice upon some level, to have erupted the way it did later. But my point is simply that his habits, though unhealthy, remained fairly regular. You documented them in your novel: after fifteen years, he was still diluting his dosages down to a seven per-cent solution. Is that correct?”
Our apartments had been prey to a series of increasingly desperate and damaging break-ins aimed at the destruction of our case files. This was neither the first nor last time that we had to deal with the paranoia of unscrupulous former clients, but the latest among them combined a superabundance of funds with a corresponding dearth of conscience and had managed to hire the most dangerous ruffians in greater London for his purpose. The most violent of the resulting incidents Watson would eventually recast within a purely fictional frame: while there never were any Garridebs or counterfeiters, there was a real shooting in our own sitting room and a terrible few moments in which I did not know if Watson lived or died.
landed like an unexpected blow between my ribs. "What exactly should my mistakes have cost me, Dr. Watson?"
Though hardly prone to poetic impressions, I seemed almost to glimpse a light between them; a kindness bright enough to illuminate both, in their painful similarities, unashamed.
Mrs Ronder nonetheless persisted, and soon discovered a few favourites that Mrs Cubitt did share with her. Watson was able gradually to bow out of the conversation and leave the ladies to debate the relative appeal of different fictional romances. He and I moved to share the settee and smoked a cigarette or two together. Mrs Cubitt surprised us by following our lead and lighting a pipe in the midst of her disquisition on
not, decide alone. Watson deserved a say in it, and in order to grant him one, I would first have to lay myself open.
"I think the more pressing question, Mr. Hosmer Angel, is what you meant by making eyes at your own step-daughter?"
"Good God, you might have said so to begin with," I managed weakly. I sank into my chair, sincerely horrified.
We crossed the room from light to light, dousing the table lamps and turning off the gas. Hands joined in the familiar dark, we trailed upstairs to bed. Sufficient to the day is its own evil; tomorrow we would grapple with the rest.
Father disinherited Mycroft completely, and he likewise withdrew him from Eton. It had proven a den of iniquity, one to which he was never to return. As for me, I was never to go at all. He hired a private tutor for us, and that is how Professor Moriarty arrived in our home.”
With this plan agreed upon, Miss Sutherland—clearly shaken, but holding tight to her composure—took her leave. Holmes dashed upstairs to the spare room, and a moment later I heard the loud clicks of my old type-writer. Barely five minutes later, he returned with a folded letter and his hat. "I must go out for a while, Watson," he said. "Nothing dangerous at all, I promise, just a little reconnaissance. I will see you at four."
Looping my arm through that of the indistinguishable, sodden figure huddled on my stoop, I guided him quickly into the parlour and had taken his hat before I recognised the man. I must have given a sudden start, perhaps even an exclamation, for he straightened by halting degrees and pivoted to face me.
"Mr. Holmes," she said, "I think the Jack-a-dandy who's been fussing over me all month is some kind of criminal, or at least aspires to be. But figuring out his angle—I have to say, it's been a fifteen puzzle! I'm hoping you can plot a path through the mire, because I'm stumped."
Watson told me everything he could recall about his discussions with Moriarty. In many ways it was the most terrible way we could have spent our first night together. But where there is trust, even painful self-examination can evolve toward intimacy. As the night wore on, I found myself able to talk to Watson about my family and my childhood with a bittersweet openness that I had never before achieved.
Once we arrived at the station, we hired a trap for the last leg of our journey to the manor. The shift in Mrs Ronder's manner was immediate and obvious. Previously attentive and engaged, if not garrulous, she withdrew into herself. The sudden downturn of her spirits did not alarm us. My own quicksilver temperament had accustomed both Watson and myself to expect black moods to oscillate, and it would have been of greater concern had Mrs Ronder felt the need to feign false cheer. As it was, her good humour on the train had most likely been genuine, and her anxiety as we neared our destination was perfectly natural.
"Thank you," he managed finally. He stroked one ink-stained thumb against my collarbone, again and again.
The chill of revulsion that sank through me at this monstrous revelation must have been as nothing compared to Miss Sutherland's horror. Tears streamed unheeded down her cheeks as a white, cold, blazing fury seemed visibly to wrack her body.
Before he could vanish out the door, I stopped him with a light touch to his wrist and stole a kiss. He blinked up at me, seemingly caught by some nameless expression he could not quite interpret. He muttered, "What was that for?"
I forced myself to consider. To dredge up the worst of his words and weigh them. The misery of those dreadful hours was branded into my memory.
Nevertheless, the gaze he levelled in my direction was considering, not hostile. I did my best to return it in kind.
They reached for one another, coming to rest in a gentle sway, half-embraced. They murmured quiet comforts back and forth. Neither Watson nor I could remain unmoved at such a sight. Feeling urgently that they deserved their privacy, we gathered ourselves and unobtrusively withdrew.
“The younger one doesn’t want the older one to talk to you.” Hinde said as he stepped closer to the captain.
Lestrade felt his stomach twist when he realized he had completely misread the situation. That was humbling for the police officer. He prided himself on reading people, but apparently Mycroft Holmes was a new challenge to conquer.
Mycroft didn’t get to answer the question because the surgeon had come in the room to report on Sherlock.
The pain was sharp. Sherlock tasted the something metallic on the tip of his tongue. He pulled away and wiped at his lips. His fingertips were red. Blood. Magnussen had bit Sherlock’s lip.
Then there was a bang and the man holding gun at Sherlock flew backwards. The front of his shirt bloomed scarlet. The other men were stunned. It took them a moment to realize it wasn’t Sherlock who had shot their companion. They looked around and then noticed the men standing on the sterncastle of the Morstan.
He was concentrating on ceiling when there was a sudden burst of camera flashes. His eyes shifted to the main door of the room and at the men who had just entered. Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes.
The door of the study room opened and Victor Trevor walked in. He saw John and for the briefest of moments pure hatred could been seen on his face. Then it disappeared and the suave businessman appeared.
“Fuck!” John hissed. He picked up the pieces of the broken mobile. “I know it wasn’t much, but that was all I could afford. Damn it Sherlock. Why did you . . .”
Tommy, the small boy, returned with a bucket of water and a ladle. He handed the ladle to Sherlock who dropped it and grabbed the bucket. Sherlock held it up to his lips and took a great big gulp. Water slid down the sides of Sherlock’s face and splashed across his chest.
John rolled his eyes and gritted his teeth. “You poncy idiot! I never spoke to Moriarty. I didn’t work with him!”
“Oh, please, Mister Smith.” Mycroft said. He swept the barrel of small gun around the room. “You tried to murder me.”
“But how, that system is supposed to be closed. No access to outside networks.” John said remembering what the hospital security guards had told them.
“Then if you weren’t part of the plan, then you weren’t supposed to bond with Magnussen.” Mycroft said as he pulled the icepack away from his face.
Then the recurring dream returned to him. John sitting on the bank of a river watching the changing sky above him. John sitting in his military fatigues, tan and muscular. Then the crack of a gunshot and John lying in the dirt. His blood seeping into the sand.
Moran remained still just looking at John in the moonlight. John waited, then raised an eyebrow, questioning.
“I have men waiting downstairs to take Moran in for questioning. He will give us John’s location. Now, either assist me in finding your bond mate or get out of my way.” He tapped the tip of his umbrella hard on the floor. It made a hollow sound as it rapped against the old wood floors.
He leaned back against a wooden wall and felt the cool damp surface. Somewhere in the back of his mind, synapsis started to connect and fire.
Today, Moran and his squad were walking through small village near the foothills leading west. The town had been a strong hold for resistance fighters but no combatants had been seen in the area for six months now. Moran and three of his men were walking in lose formation down the main road on the town. Not so much a road as a clear strip between rows of mud brick houses. The other four men in the squad were just outside the collection of houses to the south of Moran. John was with Moran walking about eight feet behind the Colonel.
“I’ll show you what it means to be a Captain’s whore. I’ll make sure you are fucked every night and learn to love it!”
“I told you, someone named Moriarty! Mycroft knows who it is! Probably that sick fuck, Smith, knows too!”
“Yeah, he thought you was the dog’s bollocks. Just wait’n for the chance to get you away from Victor.”
“Yes, yes. You need them. Please keep them. And the clothes too.” John glanced around quickly to see if anyone was listening to them. “Do you need anything?”
John’s eyes shifted rapidly between Mycroft and the police officer. Sherlock just kept glaring at John.
“I did’s some run’n for ‘im earlier today. He owes me. Said one pipe and I could bring a friend.” Wiggins said as he pushed himself off the bales and walked to the door of Tandoor’s.
Moran stepped even closer. He dared to reach out and touch John’s arm. The smaller man didn’t pull back from the contact and Moran felt relieved. He wanted to wrap his arms around John but he needed John to be the one to make the next move.
Two months later, John struggled up the stairs, burdened with several bags of groceries. He piled the bags on the kitchen table and looked around the corner to see Sherlock sprawled out across the sofa. His head resting on the arm while he studied the small cylindrical bottle in his hand. John sighed and knew it was a waste of time to ask for assistance putting the food away. He retrieved the fresh quart of milk and put it the refrigerator, removing the old milk first. He sniffed at it before he poured it down the drain.
Mycroft held a handkerchief to his nose and mouth as he slowly walked closer. Lestrade waved his hat over the face and a wave of black flies flew away, exposing the grotesque remains.
John shook his head. “Your loss. You miss out on many things not being open to new ideas – like relationships.”
“They are Canadian. Professional thieves. They are hired out to do jobs for others. They mostly work in Canada and United States. Rarely in Europe but they have started to increase their presence in France. You remember the Banque Populaire robbery six months ago?”
John reached out for Sherlock and pulled him down onto the mattress. The two men wrapped their arms around each other as the ship gently rocked. John closed his eyes and buried his face into Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock turned at looked at John. The blond soldier reached up with his bandaged hand and gently touched Sherlock’s face.
“He was a bastard. Broke my arm once. Did worse to my sister.” John snuggled closer to James. John’s face nuzzling into James’ throat. The older soldier enjoyed the sensation. He kissed John’s temple.
“You’re still too tall, but you taste so good. I can’t stop.” John said as he licked over the scent gland. Brown sugar and the tartness of spiced apples assaulted John’s senses. He pressed his swelling groin into Sherlock’s thigh, as listened to Sherlock moaned. The omega slumping against the wall, submitting to the alpha’s touch.
“No, I learned a long time ago not to mess with another alpha’s omega.” James smiled as he stood up.
Sherlock twisted and winked at John. John shook his head and placed it into his hands. He was too tired to argue.
“Ahh . . . he is really tired. He was . . . sick last night. Can I have him call you?” John offered.
“You were correct in that the drug test showed I had been given something similar to rohypnol. Thank you for encouraging them to perform the test before the drug had left my system. But that is not the reason I’m here.” Mycroft paused as he tried to find the correct words and phrases.
He slipped his hand away and removed the syringe from his pocket. He was going to use it earlier at the pub but didn’t get the chance. He quickly injected the tranquilizer into the IV line feeding into John’s arm. In a matter of seconds, John’s breathing slowed and deepened. Moran gently lifted John from the blankets and placed him in the wheelchair. He tossed a sheet over John’s legs and attached the IV to the pole on the chair. He wheeled the omega out of the room.
“What!? What makes you think that?” John started to weave and Sherlock reached out and grabbed the young man by the shoulders. “I’m not a virgin.” John closed his eyes and leaned into Sherlock’s body trying to steady himself.
“Any reason other than we were both discharged before your robbery spree began to connect us to them?” John asked.
Sherlock growled. The implication was obvious. The guards were there as much to keep killers out as they were to keep him in.
“John Hamish Watson, I’m arresting you in connection to the murder of Victor Trevor.” Greg said firmly. “Step away from him, Sherlock. For you own good.”
Beside him, the dark hair omega seemed ignorant of the alpha’s stress. Sherlock was also scanning the crowds but for a different reason. He was looking for a specific threat.
Sherlock slowed his steps as he pulled out a pair of latex gloves from his pocket. He paused at the door and glanced around the foyer of the suite. He looked to his right and at the suite’s kitchen. The tech in the small room was bagging up dishes and an empty champagne bottle.
“I think it was for you. You’re the one who solved his case for him,” John said as he set the bottle back down. He quickly pulled his hands back so Sherlock couldn’t see them shake.
“But I don’t understand. How is the information worthless? We may know what it is but it is still important. How do we convince him he no longer has a hold on your brother?”
Suddenly, the two women dressed in men’s clothing produced pistols. They pointed them at Sherlock and John.
The anger started to melt. Sherlock watched as the truth crushed Moran. John loved Sherlock and the soldier could never change that fact. Sherlock eased the hammer down on the gun and flicked the safety. He slipped the gun into the pocket of his heavy coat.
Sherlock lived with his homeless. Eagerly accepted and protected by them. He disappeared and eluded Mycroft’s spies. When he woke up in a crack house, he was surprised by the man he saw. He was still under the spell of the heroin but he could tell it was Greg Lestrade looking at him.
Sherlock knew he needed to leave. He needed to go out and rescue his omega but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his child. He couldn’t walk away from his pup. What would John say if Sherlock allowed anything to happen to William?
The sun had set by the time John made it back to the flat. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, his fingertips poised under his chin. He sat down opposite Sherlock and waited. John watched Sherlock who remained still in a trans-like state. Within a few minutes, Sherlock blinked his eyes and noticed John.
The men on the dock scrambled up the gangplanks and pulled them on board. Other men rushed up the shrouds and across the arms of the masts. The canvas started to unfurl and billow out with the trade winds. The ship started to move slowly out from the dock and into the blue sea.
Several heads turned and watched as John was led away by the police officers. John could hear the whispers and see fingers being pointed. He felt his medical career vanishing in smoke and blue uniforms.
“Mycroft, you are not to mention any of this to John. I will protect my family, myself.” Sherlock warned.
“How thoughtful of you, John. Is he a new pet of yours? Does he like to . . . beg?” She watched as the tongue of the crop slid down Sherlock’s neck and across his chest.
“The Wraith.” Sherlock smiled broadly. “I’ve only read about him. He is a deadly assassin who was been working for the FSB since they first were formed. Before that, he worked for the KGB.”
“Our brother, and I didn’t say you should forgo ruining him. Please proceed in destroying him. I’m just suggesting we should combined our resources in doing so.”
John went to his drill sergeant. “I know I’m not supposed to call anyone, but there is an emergency.”
Sherlock pushed the man back and grabbed at James’ chair. The acrobat tightened the scarf around Sherlock’s throat, cutting off his air supply. John kicked at the crossbow mount. The crossbow shifted just as it fired. The heavy bolt slammed into the acrobat’s chest. His grip on the red scarf slackened and Sherlock was free. He fell to his knees beside John.
John growled and tugged a little tighter on Sherlock’s hair. He watched a small curl come to the omega’s lips in a secret smile.
“It’s not worth my life to talk to you about him.” Frankie said as he glanced around himself. “And don’t ask me to talk to your police friends, either. I’ve survived longer than most in this business and I plan on retiring too.”
What if Doctor Parker was correct in his diagnosis? What if Mycroft had underestimated Sherlock’s emotional health? Mycroft thought he might collapse. If anything happened to Sherlock – if he had failed his brother, then he was a failure in everything. Mycroft couldn’t face that possibility.
“It’s just routine.” The officer said. “So once again, you don’t know why he tried to hit you? You didn’t provoke him at all?”
“Dimmock, you should leave while you still can.” Sherlock said as he sat back onto his heels and leaned into John’s body.
Rampant tried to yank his arm back but John held it tight. Sweat broke out over the alpha’s plump face. His eyes grew larger and Sherlock could see a yellow tint to them. But the alpha wouldn’t let go of Sherlock’s throat.
John lay in the hospital bed, his right hand was bandaged. John was only wearing pajama bottoms. His tan chest was bare. The scar on his shoulder visible to everyone. Across his abdomen was a large white bandage covering the stitches and the wound from the broken glass.
John glanced down and felt a sudden weight to his chest. He took it and carefully opened it. The second hand was sweeping smoothly across the ivory face.
Greg held out a plastic cup with a straw in it for Sherlock to take. The younger man tried to reach for it but it was too much work. He collapsed into the bed.
John was a criminal, but he was also a soldier and a doctor. He broke the law, but he also saved lives, including Sherlock’s. He didn’t tell Sherlock about working with Moriarty, but didn’t John understand it was the same Moriarty who was trying to destroy the Holmes? Would he? No, there would be no reason for Jim to tell him, unless Jim was using John to get to Sherlock. And if he was using John, then John wouldn’t have killed Moran. He wouldn’t have rescued Sherlock from the other alpha.
John stood staring out at the flat patch of ground to the south east of the camp. It was broad and flat and reasonably free of stones. A smile came to his face.
This had become too familiar for John. Harry had been drinking more and more lately. He gently picked her up and guided her to the only bedroom in the small flat. He set her down on her bed and checked her over. She would have a bruise but he didn’t think she gave herself a concussion. He helped her to lay down. Turning off the light he closed the door.
Sherlock sat very still staring at John. It appeared he was waiting for something. Something horrible to happen. It was as if he was waiting for another rejection. Another person to tell him he wasn’t worthwhile.
John pouted. “Doctor, remember?” He pointed to himself. “Not very interesting at this time of the day . . .” John looked around. “What time is it?”
Sherlock opened a door in his ‘mind palace’ he had locked. A room with dark blue walls and cherished moments framed in gold, hanging on them. Meeting John for the first time. John’s smile. John playing rugby; flushed and sweating, with a determined look on his face. John sleeping next to him. Moments. Personal moments that sustained Sherlock though his months of depravity. He closed his eyes and let himself indulge one more time.
The man walked forward with certainty and confidence to a female police officer. From the distance, John couldn’t hear what was being said, but it was obvious the woman didn’t like the dark haired stranger. She tried and failed to block his entrance into the scene. John watched the man walk under the tape only to be accosted by another officer at the door. Again there was animosity between the stranger and the new officer. But the stranger must have said something very provocative because both the male and female police officers were suddenly excited and shouting at each other while the stranger entered the dilapidated building.
Frankie was afraid the Sherlock would finally overdose and he didn’t want the young man’s body found in his club. It would bring far too much attention to his club. And that was one thing Frankie had been warned against.
Sherlock hands were shaking as he forced himself to focus. He had printed out the reports and the interviews from the disc. Sherlock had tried to delete the memory of Victor and his death from his ‘Mind Palace’ years ago, and for the most part he had. Most of the evidence before him seemed new and fresh. He found John’s interview and his own. He read both. The two interviews disagreeing just enough to be suspicious without contradicting each other. He tried to read them with an unbiased eye but he couldn’t. An image of the John he knew five years ago came back to him. Young and frightened. Wanting to please with deep blue eyes that always looked at Sherlock with adoration. Sherlock quickly put the interviews to the side and pushed the memories away.
Sherlock stopped on the steps and turned to look at John. His brow was knitted together. He looked very young and uncertain.
“I called him as soon as I found Elizabeth . . . Lady Smallwood dead.” Mycroft said. There was an unfamiliar tremble to his voice.
The text came through to Sherlock’s phone from a blocked number. He hesitated before opening it. It was a photo of a fight. Confused as to why someone would send it to him, Sherlock stared at it for a moment. It looked like a crowded club. Maybe the Backdoor. He stared at it then he realized who the two men fighting were. John and Victor.
“Return to Edinburgh and make sure Gordon knows what is expected of him.” The man rose and took the dispatch over to the fireplace. He set it in the grates. The edges of the paper caught. “I do not want to see you again until James is in London.”
The bar may have changed names, but the owner was the same. Frankie Oskar sat at table in the back of the bar. It was on a raised dais so Frankie could look out over the swaying drunk patrons. Frankie was not watching the crowds but speaking to another man. Sherlock moved through the crowd and towards Frankie’s table.
“If you had known? I knew the first time I met him! It was obvious! His bruises were obvious.” John threw back in the taller man’s face.
John glanced back at the card and then up at the woman’s round face. Her eyes were periwinkle blue and her small mouth had bright red lipstick on it.
“Oh, sorry, sorry.” Eddy scrambled in the woman’s lap. Twisting and tripping only to fall a second time into her.
After three days of heat, John woke in his bedroom with a clingy alpha enveloped around him. Sherlock’s arms were wrapped around John’s waist and shoulders. His long legs were tangled with the omega’s. John carefully eased himself out from under Sherlock’s hold. He tried to stand on shaky legs before he stumbled towards the door. Sherlock groaned and shifted in the bed. The detective grabbed John’s pillow and pulled it close to his body. His face buried in the pillow, breathing in the remains of John’s scent.
Suddenly, Moran saw Sherlock being grabbed by the blond he had seen before. He was the man leaving Sherlock’s flat several days ago. The short blond who carried himself like a soldier. Moran quickly shifted the scope onto the other blond. He aimed but the two men had disappeared into the fleeing crowd. He couldn’t get another shot off. He couldn’t kill the blond. He would just have to wait until he got his chance again.
“Just checking to see if maybe you had decided to join the side of angels. So glad to see you are still just as reprehensible as ever.” Moriarty said with a glint in his eye. “I do miss our little games, Sherlock. How are your knees doing, by the way?”
“The place was crowded, boss. It was difficult to get the doc out of there. The coppers showed up with some punters.”
John was still fuming by the time he reached his flat. He wanted to punch Victor Trevor’s poncy face. Just like he wanted to punch his own father’s face. He hated both me for the same reason. They were brutes. Abusers. Bullies who found pleasure in hurting the weak. But John couldn’t do anything like that. He couldn’t punch Victor. He couldn’t use his fists on his father. He couldn’t do anything that might jeopardize his enrollment in school and then his future.
It also concerned him, that if his brother was that intelligent and apparently set out to destroy him, then the hostilities between them was far from over. Mycroft had been able to save his career but it had cost him more than he was telling anyone. He had lost a great deal of credibility with several important individuals. Also, he had suffered personally. Not only the loss of his mother but also his friend, Elizabeth. A person with whom he had considered involving deeper into his cloistered life. He paused to wonder what else Jim Moriarty had planned for him.
“We don’t know what you are talking about!” John tried to not shout. He fought against his bonds again.
“Sherlock, you can’t delete things like this. They’re basic knowledge. You must know them.” John was confounded by the omega. “What did you think was going to happen when you bonded with your alpha?”
“Good. He’s changed since you left. He’s not the man you knew. He’s hardened. I honestly believe he is worse that his brother.”
“I stole it.” Sherlock said turning away from the angry doctor. He stood up and stomped over to another chair and flounced down into it.
Both men stopped and looked uncomfortably at each other. John waved his hand urging Sherlock on. “Go ahead.”
“Over six months. But the last time I saw him was over a year ago,” John said. His voice softened as he remembered Sangin.
“Please do not tell me that you have replaced the box with the carving of a dragon on the lid with another.” Mycroft said exasperated. Sherlock remained silent. “There is really very little good in you trying to hide anything from me, Sherlock. You know you are unable to keep secrets from me.”
He slowly sipped his beer while he watched the mob. Some of the same familiar faces he recognized. Mostly a young crowd of executive types. Rich boys with more money than brains. They had the cuffs rolled up on their pressed white shirts and their collars undone, but not a one of them had a tan that was earned by hard work outside. Several of them glanced his way and nodded at him with furtive glances. They would be coming to the bar later in the evening requesting the special goods of Moran and his barmen. Cocaine.
Jackson Stapleton, Sir Henry Baskerville’s secretary, sat in the chair; his hands were tied to the armrests and his ankles to the legs. The room was incredibly warm. A large fire had been built in large stone brazier that sat in the middle of the room. In front of Stapleton was a table with several different implements of torture. Knives, pinchers, pliers, and whips. On the brazier was an iron caldron of boiling water.
He climbed into the passenger side of the car ignoring the open door. The driver looked at the lethal expression on Moran’s face. The driver swallowed the fear that forming inside him.
“It’s just simple mineral oil.” Blackwood explained. “It’s stored in the forecastle with the muskets.”
After ten minutes, Sherlock crawled out of bed and slowly opened the door. He walked into the sitting room and saw John stretched out on the couch. He hadn’t even unfolded the bed. He was facing the back of the couch. A small blanket barely covered his naked body.
“You were to give the memory stick to Smallwood. You were to discredit Holmes.” Moriarty glared at the other man.
John’s eyes glanced up to see Sherlock turned threequarters away from him. His naked backside visible to anyone standing in the doorway. John’s eyes traveled down the sinewy back to Sherlock’s narrow waist then his plump and round arse. The man’s legs were long and muscular but not overly so. It was the body of a long-distance runner. Slim, powerful, and lean.
“If I want to see naked women, I would have stayed with John.” Sherlock said as he started to circle around the room and exam its contents.
“I recommend you don’t get too close to my brother. It seems that the two of them are . . . involved. Doctor Watson has become very possessive of my brother. He put two of my security men in hospital this evening when they attempted to remove Sherlock from Doctor Watson’s home.”
Greg smiled as he stepped closer, looking at the stack. He had been tracking down the theft of cigarette cartons from shipping companies. This was a massive break in the investigation.
“And if Magnussen uses his blackmail . . . if he tells the world what he knows then he also risks being arrested as a traitor. So whatever he has it needs to be important enough to force Mycroft to prostitute his brother while keeping Magnussen from releasing it.” John clarified.
“No, you can’t. Not when we are dealing with your brother and your fiancé at the same time.” John said.
Sherlock grabbed the rope and quickly started to climb. He made it above the railing then glanced down to see John dangling from the end.
John twisted just in time to see Victor swinging an empty beer bottle at John’s head. John ducked and the bottle crashed against the wall over John’s head. Glass and beer rained down on John. He stood up and swung his fist. He caught Victor right on the chin and man’s head snapped violently to the side. Wilderbrant kept up screaming and crying. Victor swiped at John with the broken bottle and John had to jump back to avoid being cut, but he was caught in the corner now and had nowhere to escape to. The next swing by Victor would slice John open. He raised his arm to protect his face, but the blow never came. John lowered his arm to see two of the bouncers pull Victor across the floor away from John. Wilderbrant followed them crying out Victor’s name.
John’s expression changed from good natured to stoic. He took a sudden step backwards, away from James.
“He’s got a mild hematoma back here. He’ll have a headache for a while but I don’t think he did any irreparable damage. I’ll order a cat scan. I’m more worried about the dehydration.”
“Regardless of whatever Victor said, John, Sherlock will be there tonight. He is counting on you to be there to.” Mike said sincerely.
John gave one single sharp nod to the man. He looked down at the watch on his right wrist. “Okay. It’s fourteen hundred. I will be driving out of the garage at fifteen thirty hundred. We need this timed exactly. We will use a ten count as soon as everyone is in place and gives call signs.”
John started pacing the around the flat. His mind began spinning out of control. He knew he had to concentrate on something else before he talked himself out of the bonding. John looked around the kitchen and general clutter. The supplies he had bought the night before were stacked on the table. Dishes from the day before were still in the sink. Dust bunnies in the corner. He knew that was a good place as any to start.
The newspapers had only carried a brief mention of Wilderbrant’s assault, but not the rape. Victor Trevor’s name had not been mentioned. Wilderbrant had not regained consciousness yet and the doctors feared he might not.
“He’s completely shut down the imports for Dartmouth. We are now limited to Dover, South Hampton, and our northern ports. Also our protection racket in Rochester and Maidstone has been taken over by a third party. Most probably backed by him.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked looking up at his alpha. His silver blue eyes blinking wildly at John’s comment.
It wasn’t a medieval castle built on a craggy finger of land jutting out into a boiling sea, but he still considered it as such. His fortress, his lair. It was the whole floor of a towering office building in the center of London. A glass and steel monolith in the heart of the financial district. The building hadn’t been zoned for flats, but he maintained a luxurious one with views of the river and the Shard. He had wanted a floor in the new Shard but that would have been too ostentatious, as well as drawing far too much attention to himself.
“Sherlock, I don’t want you getting sick while I’m away. You need to eat better than this.” John criticized after Sherlock had refused to eat any dinner one night.
He hated the patrols that kept John and squad out overnight. He never slept those nights. He laid in his bunk and wondered where John was and what he was doing. It came to him slowly after two weeks. He wanted John Watson.
Sherlock laughed darkly. He continued to kiss John’s neck and jawline as his fingers slipped passed the elastic waistband and into John’s pants. Sherlock’s finger were cool as they skimmed across John’s hot flesh. The contrast made the younger man whimper. John felt light headed and wanted to sit down but Sherlock held him pinned to the wall.
Then there was the other problem. John was not a prude. He had been naked around other boys before. Locker rooms took away his nervousness. But something about Sherlock made it uncomfortable for John to be seen in his skivvies. On the other hand, John fought to not stare whenever Sherlock, seeming to lack any kind of inhibition, wandered around the flat in his bedsheet.
“Thank you, Captain Watson. Thank you rescuing me from Hope.” Sherlock looked down at John laying on the deck. “I don’t believe we will see each other again. Thank you for . . . everything.”
After a month, John realized the army was all he had. His only family. His life. He resolved to make it the best life he could have.
Sherlock reached down and picked up the thin blanket and held it to his nose. John’s scent was on the bedding. John had been here. He had slept here. But there was another scent. A scent Sherlock remembered from John’s skin. The scent of Sebastian Moran on the bedding too. He and John had slept together in this bed. Sherlock looked down at the narrow bed. The two men would have to been close together. Curved around each other to share it. Wrapped in each other’s arms.
Lestrade kept staring at the soldier as he brought his coffee mug up to lips and took another sip. He set it down on the table and used a serviette to wipe his mouth.
He turned as he heard the kettle click off. The water was boiling in the glass kettle, but John was too exhausted to even think about tea. He shrugged and stepped out the kitchen and towards his bed.
John dipped his chin and glared at the younger man. Sherlock caught the look and glanced away, waving his hand.
“Magnussen is a blackmailer. Blackmailers are spinless bottom feeders. They have no ambition but to harm others. This seems like a bigger adventure. Someone has plans for the future.”
“Johnny, good morning. What brings you around? Is Sherlock with you?” Frankie’s course Eastend accent had vanished with the realization a patron was present. “You know we aren’t open this time of day.”
John looked at the man carefully. He could see Sherlock’s knuckles were turning white as he held the bow tightly. He noticed the slight shake in Sherlock’s shoulders. He didn’t know if he could trust the man. If Sherlock was truthfully afraid of John leaving.
When James dissolved the Parliament, Mycroft stood up against him. Mycroft backed the Tories who were resisting the King’s orders.. That had been the final straw and James’ labeled Mycroft a traitor. Arrests of prominent members of the Parliament and orders for execution went out.
“John and his crew saved my life.” Sherlock spoke directly as if he was making an announcement. Then he bowed his head. “But he was shot.”
For a moment, John could see the omega wavier. Almost submit. Then he watched as Sherlock regained himself. It was amazing to John. He had never seen an omega able to withstand his dominance before. Sherlock’s expression turned neutral as he held John’s glare. John could tell the omega was thinking. It was almost as if he could see a million calculations taking place behind those variegated eyes.
