“No one asked you to do so! You are free to leave any time you want! In fact, I'd rather wish you would!” Sherlock slams his fist on the table hard enough to send the crockery rattling.
“No, John, I am very serious. I'll give you a little demonstration. It's a magic trick. If you know how it was done, it seems rather simple. So! Now, do you all see these ten yards of string?”
“You’ll be fine in the morning. Just sleep.” He pads Sherlock's silk clad shoulder again, just once and very carefully.
Images flood his mind, details of a picture he dares not to focus in its whole blinding sublimity. It's terrifying but compelling:
Remember how I whined about being bored? I swear I'll never do that again. All those poor kids! One screamed for his mummy till the end. Another one mistook me for his fiancée, he'd lost both his eyes as half his face had burned off. I held his hand until it was over.
John grins. “I can't afford Scott on an army pension. I can barely manage to pay my rent.”
“I. AM. FINE!” Sherlock slams the mug down, hard, and the boiling water spills over, almost scalding his fingers. “Stop treating me like a stroppy child!”
“I was trying to express it as delicately as I could, but if you insist upon the word I will not contradict you.” Sherlock doesn't flinch under the stare.
Both men moan, Sherlock's voice muffled by John's marvellous arse, John's by the forearm he's biting down on hard. He needs the pain as an antidote to this fucking brilliant feeling that sears up his spinal cord, exploding in his brain, releasing a wave of endorphins to rush through his veins as Sherlock continues to fuck his arse with his stiff, wet and very skilled tongue. He drives it deeper and deeper into John's body, poking inside the yielding ring of muscle as far as anatomically possible and John moans uncontrollably because this feels so fucking good John could do this all day why had he never done this before he had no idea people did this thing for real of course he'd heard about it but thought it dirty and filthy and
“I'm not hungry.”
The day after...
Sherlock has no idea how long he's been soaking. He jerks up at the sensory memory of fingers tightening in his curls. To overwrite this recollection, he starts to fiercely wash his hair. This leads to equally fierce scrubbing of his entire body, until his tender skin burns and his damaged bones ache. The pain floods his brain with endorphins, the sensation pushing the haunting retrospection aside.
“See? He has to be stopped before he kills a fifth time!” Sherlock sneers.
John,
“No, I just thought... perhaps, you could... you know...?”
Sherlock finally raises his head and looks at John. His face is a stony mask; but there is a malignant sparkle in his eyes. “I did not just
And with that, his brother is gone. Sherlock has a bitter taste in his mouth, but what other option did he have? Everybody has to sacrifice something during a war. He won't be an exemption.
He sounds equal parts shocked, surprised and utterly pleased.
“Idiots.”
To the world of shadows they've returned, existing somewhere in-between. Unable to stay, they seem yet unwilling to leave their home at 221 Baker Street. Here those two somehow survive, protecting their eternal love. They are always so tender with each other. It breaks Martha's heart to imagine the place without them.
“Sherlock?” He tries again, as a sharp pain suddenly soars through his body. “Ah... fuck... Sherlock, move, get off me... ouch!”
He shortly hesitates in front of the closed door to the upstairs bedroom, however, to gather his thoughts, preparing himself for a probably very unpleasant encounter – and then freezes.
God, he's getting sentimental!
“Of course.” They are silent for a while; only Sherlock's heavy breathing fills the room. “So, exactly how many Martinis did you have?”
“No, he died in 1997. He was way over ninety. That was when I became aware that he'd owned this place.” William waves his hand in a gesture that encompasses far more than the messy bedroom still smelling of sex.
John whistles. “Bit full of yourself, aren't you. You know what I could get for a grand round here?”
That had been the day John had decided to move back. But since then, instead of opening up, Sherlock has retreated more and more into himself. He doesn't initiate anything, not even a kiss. Mere touches make him go still and entangle himself. John has tried to ignore it, too afraid of what he might find if he started to analyse Sherlock's behaviour, but knows deep down that this circumvention can't go on forever.
“You don't like it.” It's not a question but John seems to expect an answer, nonetheless.
Torn between embarrassment and perplexity, John wonders if he gave himself away and, if so, it should perturb him? For it's true, to call Sherlock perceptive might be the understatement of the century but it’s also a profound fact of John's life that his flatmate is usually totally oblivious towards everything regarding sentiment.
Mortification might reach an up until now unexplored level if he'd been discovered lurking behind his flatmate's door, listening to John masturbating. Even Sherlock is aware of this.
Relax.
“You want to hit me.” Sherlock seethes in a low voice. “Go on then, do it.” It's a harsh whisper, a challenge, inviting John to give in to his darkest desires.
“John Watson, are you jealous?” Sherlock asks incredulously, grinning mischievously.
Sherlock makes a choking sound as he tries to swallow around the fat cock mercilessly invading him, but instead of struggling against John's forceful grip, he opens his throat even wider, swallowing, taking even more until his hawklike nose is buried in John's dishwasher blond pubes.
“Do that again.” He pants, and John obliges, snapping his hips in short, shallow thrusts. Sherlock writhes beneath him, throwing his head from side to side.
. John called him a freak. Ok. He can handle this. It's not the first time this has happened. Other people have labelled him much worse. Fine. This is how things stand now between them. Well... No need then to hold back any longer.
He'll get by.
They make love while around them bombs fall from the sky, burning down their world. Yet here, though the world explodes, these two survive...
“Had fun?” John asks, his voice hoarse with fatigue and hurt.
-----------
It's all he's ever wanted, it's all he's dreamed of during those three years. It still feels surreal to have it now, to be able to tell John. Sherlock has to do it again and again to make sure it's for real. He doesn't understand why John holds him so close, why his voice is hoarse when he reassures Sherlock that everything will be all right now. Sherlock is not averse to these promises – even as he knows that it probably won't be that easy. It doesn't matter right now. What matters is that John is here, with him, that he is in John's arms, that John holds him and strokes him and murmurs silly endearments to him. Despite being ridiculous, Sherlock believes them, for he knows that John is nothing if not honest.
“For how long?”
John knows it the moment Sherlock walks into their sitting room. It's the swagger of debauched confidence mixed with lazy ease and suppressed pride. John feels sick to the bone.
John lifts his head from the pillow.
Back at the flat, Sherlock thought hard about what to do to get back into John's favour. John didn't like him sulky. Or exhausted. Or irritable. But Sherlock's distant demeanour couldn't be undone by simply offering some kind of excuse; his behaviour called for penance. And, once again, it was his own fault, really. Why couldn't he just comply?
What the fuck is wrong with him? This is so very not good! He's nearly slobbering over his totally not interested, probably asexual flatmate, who, in this particular area, has as much experience as a ten year old convent schoolboy. Although, going by the recent state of the Catholic church, this might be a vast misconception. God, this has to stop.
“For a while.” John says darkly. “And this John seems to have been practising as a doctor. Will, this is getting a little bit spooky, you have to admit.”
Back at the flat in the early hours of a Thursday morning, the sheets of their shared bed still smell of John. Yet Sherlock notices that some of his clothes and toiletries have gone – his brush, his shaving kit. What's also missing is a snapshot of them both, taken during a day trip to Brighton a few weeks back. John had asked another tourist to take it, a young woman with bright ginger hair, on an outing with another girl in slacks and a man's jacket. They hadn't dared to embrace but had stood close together on the pier, the sea stretching infinitely behind them, Sherlock's hair tousled by the breeze.
“And what is he doing with his…?”
Sherlock tosses the Durex somewhere into the darkness beyond the ray of light cast by the bedside lamp. As it is technically his room John can't be arsed to admonish him. He can yell at Sherlock if he accidentally steps into it tomorrow. For now, John just wants to curl up here besides Sherlock and for once they seem to be on the same page, since Sherlock lies down beside him, wrapping one thin arm and one long leg around John's more solid frame.
In the direction of Scotland Yard's finest, he continues: “You will, of course, get a grappling-hook to restore John's revolver. You will also find beside it the revolver, string and weight with which this vindictive creature Mario attempted to disguise his own suicide to pin a charge of murder upon an innocent victim he regarded as his rival. It will be proven that the weapon found in Mr. Dunbar's wardrobe is of the exact same calibre and brand, that even a shot had been fired with it, but that it is not the murder weapon. Now steps can be taken for Mr. Dunbar’s vindication.”
“I'm not sure I'm still in the mood.” John grumbles.
John half-turns and glances up at Sherlock, who stretches almost catlike before nuzzling his face against John's neck. The dressing gown slides from his shoulder and reveals his chest and arm, lean muscles contracting beneath creamy skin. Sherlock doesn't pull it up again but presses his warm body flush against John's. He's very obviously naked underneath the soft, cool fabric and John suddenly, desperately wants to brush his fingertips over the downy dark hair trailing down Sherlock's lower belly. But he just moves a little bit closer and almost unconsciously licks his lips.
John faces her and smiles. “Of course. How many do you need.”
I've got to dash, another soldier fell off a camel. What a life I'm leading!
Self-pity enhanced by self-loathing. Both are equally unappealing.
“Don't care. Not my teams. Cheers.”
“Take your hands off me!” Sherlock hisses but John does not listen, he only grabs tighter, brings his other hand down on Sherlock’s left arm, actually pinning Sherlock to the mattress. Next he'll be sliding his hands up, round his throat, until…
that just a moment ago had accommodated his squirting, twitching cock. This is about all it takes for John to come so hard he nearly folds in half. His knees buckle as he spurts all over his fingers and rather impressively onto the floor boards. When he's finally spend, John crouches down onto his heels, his back still pressed against the door for support, gasping heavily with closed eyes.
“Sherlock, for god's sake, how can you say such horribly misogynistic things? Are you even aware that a thing called feminism happened? Besides, she's got a boyfriend, for all I know.” Who should string you up by your exquisitely poncey balls! John adds, if only to himself, before deciding that thinking about Sherlock's anatomy is very much not on right now.
“Perfectly save?” John parrots. “You are about to go undercover as a rent boy to catch a serial murderer who has already disembowelled four men!”
“I need a shower,” Sherlock states as he abruptly rises. John wonders briefly if all this is a bit much for Sherlock, but in his woozy state can't be arsed to ponder on it. They are both adults, for God's sake! Sherlock didn't protest; in fact, it's evident that he enjoyed them making out. Truth be told, in John's definition, this didn't even count as a shag. There had been no touching, no kissing. Just a mutual wank, then. Mates do such things, don't they?
In the time leading up to the files arrive in the afternoon, Sherlock had been searching the internet, gathering all available information regarding the victim, the suspect, Gibson's enterprises and the man himself. John had made tea and run errands.
“As always, spot on. Even if it took you some time to work it out. So, nothing new there. Was it my lack of commitment that gave me away, or didn't you become suspicious until groping my crotch, mistaking my reluctance for chaste ambiguity?” Sarcasm seems an adequate approach to the situation but John begs to differ.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lips press against his neck, sucking lightly. John bucks against the man's hand, desperate for friction, while his own cold fingers push inside the man's shorts. The stranger hisses as John's icy fingertips make contact with his hard shaft, already damp at the head, but the curse is quickly transformed into an outright lewd moan. They rub and grind against each other, trying to keep quiet, stifling their gasps as best they can out of fear of being caught.
Better a brain on legs than a slave to one's sentiments.
My love,
“Well, I can imagine what kind of scandal that might have been, reading those letters. He was gay.” They both look down at the box, now sitting on the bedspread between them. This could proof to be Pandora's box...
“And yesterday morning?”
“What?” John asks, dazed, opening his eyes to stare at Sherlock's flushed face, kiss-swollen red lips still wet. John realises Sherlock swallows nervously as he blinks him into focus, commanding at least some of his blood to return to his brain and perform some basic cerebral functions. “Sherlock, what is it. You all right?”
A few minutes later, a police sergeant unlocks John's handcuffs and hands him a pencil and a piece of paper.
“I swear. You can tie me up if you don't believe me.”
“John? Is everything all right?” Sherlock sounds somewhat concerned, a rare occasion at 221b.
“What do you want?” A deep voice asks brusquely. It's the man from last night. Or is it? The voice sounds the same, a posh, velveteen baritone. But as it had been too dark to see each other properly, John can't be sure.
“Until then, I can live with almost everything except sex offered out of some sense of obligation. Or remorse. Or pity. Or apology. There are so many lousy reasons to have sex. And only one proper one: if you want it. Really want it so badly you could gnaw your own testicles off.”
“To satisfy my curiosity.” Sherlock states primly.
At four o'clock he nearly calls Mycroft.
John knows that Sherlock is fed up and tired with being forced to hide, to pretend. Other people are allowed to hold hands and kiss in public, are allowed to marry and set up a home together. Why can't they? Sudden anger wells up inside John as he now is confronted with the unfairness of it all. They love each other probably more than a normal couple does. Yet their love is forbidden, deemed dirty and sick, a perversion, an abnormality of nature.
“Is this one of your games, Sherlock?” John asks brusquely by way of deflecting. He doesn’t like being toyed with.
“Ah, and there is his John again.” The figure is clutching a cane by now, but his posture is upright, radiating admiration as he looks at the laureate from the corner of the picture.
John freezes. Sherlock is soft and flaccid and finally, it seems to dawn on John that his flatmate might not be as turned on by his attention as he had supposed.
Evidently, Sherlock has gone out without bothering to tell John where, not even leaving a note. Again!
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asks irritated.
William looks at him with a fierce expression of adoration on his face. “We will.” He promises, before lowering his gaze again to take the last papers out of the box.
I don't want to write anymore about what I've seen. I miss you. I miss England. I miss London. I miss Marmite, tea, jam, custard, Cadbury's. I miss the rattling of the tube. I miss Regent's Park, the Thames, battered fish and chips dripping with grease and vinegar. I dream myself over there, into our warm, cosy bed, into your arms, when I'm able to sleep. My cough is so bad, it keeps me awake most of the time. Don't forget me, John. You are the one good thing life is worth living for. My whole body hurts. My hands and feet are suffering from frostbite. My socks are soaked in blood from open blisters. It's awful.
“Why are we always talking about Sherlock?” Greg watches John with sharp but kind eyes and John fears he might be blushing. “Is there nothing else in your life?”
“So, these letters end in Naples. What might have happened afterwards?” John smirks at William over a forkful of fried noodles half an hour later. They are both just wearing dressing gowns, squatting on their couch in the living room, balancing food containers on their knees.
John knows they will have to talk about it, whatever it consists of (nothing good, that much John is sure of). But not right now. It seems too intimate, too soon. They've barely had proper sex yet. Well, John, nice how you set your preferences... John admonishes himself.
“Approximately.”
“Maybe we find out more if we look through the contents of the box again?” William suggests, avoiding to answer John’s question.
“Sad.”
“Ok?” John mumbles and as an answer, Sherlock tilts his head back and exposes even more of his long pale throat. John takes it as consent.
Somehow, in the darkness, John touching him is even more repulsive. John's hands are all over Sherlock's body, who can't see, won't see, despite his eyes being wide open. The contact of skin to skin is random and totally unpredictable. Sherlock can't brace himself against the onslaught. John's heavy breathing echoes in Sherlock's head as sturdy hands stroke his shoulders, grab his waist, his hip, pull him close.
Thus permitted, Sherlock loosens his grip on John's cock and swiftly pulls his pants down to mid-thigh. Arousal makes Sherlock somewhat clumsy and as he has just one hand free to move, John feels the need to utter a sharp reminder - “Careful!” - when his cock gets entangled in the elastic before it finally bobs free. Sherlock doesn't seem to listen, only jostles John forward until his kneecaps hit the mattress.
“Aren't you cross with me?” Sherlock enquires incredulously.
“We are totally not talking about my sexlive!” John stalls, getting up from his chair, too, poking his index finger lividly in Sherlock's direction, close to stabbing him in the chest.
You would love this, John. We are all dressed up as women to pass the Italian check-points. Apparently, we are Polish girls, send from the
John swallows. “I mean, what about your… needs? Do you want me to...” John trails off, unsure what he is prepared to offer in return.
Sherlock deals with what happened in his unique and peculiar way. Bit not good but effective...
My dearest Sherlock,
Because of the heavy rain, John decides to take a short cut via the now empty Smithfield market. Usually, he avoids the area. He gets enough blood and gore at the hospital these days; sometimes, just the smell of it makes him sick. Despite, there are some rather strange things going on around the market. John had overheard whispered conversations that mentioned secret experiments, and some rather shady figures can be seen entering the market at all hours or loitering about. It’s all very hush-hush, of course, but John instinctively tries to keep his distance nonetheless. Better not get in anyone’s way these days. Having secrets is a dangerous thing during times like these. Everyone is snooping around. Paranoia spreads as German spies are seen everywhere.
John climbs back onto the bed and Sherlock hands him a pillow. “Put that under your hip.”
“Yes. Splendid idea.”
Always yours
As John had expected, there’s already plenty to do. It gets quite hectic after two hours. A German air raid hitting the East End. The hooters caterwaul with the by now all too familiar signal, calling the people to hide inside the shelters. 'Bloody Messerschmitts,' John curses inwardly as he stays on the ward, attending to an old man who fell down the stairs outside his home because of the blackout. His patient says he's too old to run down into the cellar, that he's fought the Krauts back in 1914 and will be damned if he creeps away in fear now. John just nods and stays with him. If they'll be hit by a bomb, so be it. He'd die while doing his duty, following his vocation. What more can he ask for?
And with that, Lestrade rushes down the stairs to board a waiting panda car, which immediately pulls off the curb before the door on the passenger side is pulled fully shut.
“I just looked at your crime wall. It's all there.” John gestures vaguely over at their sitting room.
“How about rimming?”
But he doesn't. Instead, he turns towards the market's exit and the hospital, where he's needed.
“Take a shower, John.”
“Many have said so, and yet here I am,” Sherlock is still smiling, his voice full of contempt. “Good-morning, Mr. Gibson.”
I met a lovely young nurse. Her name is Mary. Sometimes, we talk between shifts. She's from Tottenham. A very funny lass.
So, that's it. I hope you enjoyed.
Lestrade coughs but says nothing. When John finally looks at him, the DI seems to be deep in thought.
Sherlock can hear John talking to Mrs. Hudson downstairs but he doesn't pay attention. John sounds a bit agitated but then, their landlady can bring that out in you. Sherlock tunes them out and continues to sip his tea and read the paper.
John swallows. “He really should have insisted on admitting you to hospital,” he says finally but it's a weak complaint, since John knows how obstinate Sherlock can be.
John looks at both of them. They are in no way attired to seek refuge in a public shelter. If they'd get caught in their present state of undress, together, they'll sure as hell end up in custody.
He stills. “Ok?”
There are some rather interesting operations lined up for us.
My love,
Sherlock
“I liked it. Because it was different. It was exciting. We both lost control. Do I want to be cuffed to the bed and fucked within an inch of my life every time I share a bed with you? Obviously not. But every now and then? Yes. I'd like to do that again. And you as well. So stop torturing yourself, for god's sake.” Sherlock's out of breathe after this outburst. He turns and puts the kettle on. He needs some tea!
There’s no point in delaying the necessary and inevitable. He’d hoped that his declaration at Angelo’s had exorcised all inclinations John might have harboured at the time regarding the character of their relationship in general and Sherlock’s proclivities in particular but maybe he’d been mistaken. Amorous penchants are really not his strong suit, as is conversing about them. Perhaps he should have been more explicit? But then, he’d barely known his new flatmate then. And he’d honestly needed someone to share the rent with, so why drive the up till then only willing and apt applicant away by overemphasising a denial of perhaps totally uncalled for extended benefits that might or might not have been anticipated by his lodger but were surely never ever implied by Sherlock in the first place? Sherlock’s usually not that cautious, but in this specific area, he’s always thought letting sleeping dogs lie to be the safest route.
“That's a question you should ask yourself.” Sherlock's tone is dismissive but not accusatory.
“Looks pretty grim to me...” John comments but Sherlock silences him with a wave of his hand.
They both look at each other.
John's palm comes to rests in the crook of Sherlock's neck and shoulder, his index finger brushing ever so lightly over Sherlock's pulse point and he can't miss the thrumming beat as Sherlock's heart rate speeds up perceptibly. John's thumb softly strokes the delicate skin of Sherlock's suprasternal notch, exposed above the frayed collar of his washed-out t-shirt.
Over the next few minutes, John takes his time undressing Sherlock, tasting every inch of bare skin he reveals while Sherlock gets more and more brusque, obviously unhappy with the slow progression. His hands flutter over John's back, arse and hips while his eyes waft over John's body in wonder, taking in the scar blooming on John's shoulder, the thick golden hair covering John's chest, his dark nipples, the freckles spreading over his shoulders. John stills as he realises that he is being scanned and lets Sherlock's eyes explore, catalogue and stow away all the information he's surely collecting at this moment. “Take your time, there's no rush.”
“So, he's dead.” John states matter-of-factly as he starts to rinse their mugs and plates.
He doesn't have to wait long. Sherlock's left hand starts to massage John's arse, his breath huffing over the small of John's back as he murmurs: “Spread your knees a bit wider, John.”
John stares back at Sherlock, blinking rapidly; he feels on the brink of tears. Because he sees how hard Sherlock tries – yet it seems in vain. “We had better bin it. Who knows what kind of germs might have colonised this... thing.” He should get up, get a dustpan and brush. There's a plastic bag next to the heap of crumbs. John should pick them up and stuff them in that bag, out of sight, away.
He can hear Vera Lynn sing on the wireless in the small cafe and grins.
“What are you doing over there?” he asks, getting up from his chair and walking over to Sherlock, who stares somewhat perturbed on the laptop screen.
Walter invited me over for the weekend. His wife is gone, visiting her mother. The house is in Weißensee, a leafy suburb. I think I know what will happen and I dread it. Sorry, I probably shouldn't write this down here for you. I guess I'll just lie back and think of England.
I met Mary again. She was with a nice young fella called David. They said they wanted to get married. I'm so glad for them.
Where the hell is the bloody toff, anyway?
“But in that movie...”
“Well, and I really liked Irene. And Agnieszka. Who knows what might have happened if I stayed with her longer, or if she hadn't been such a devout catholic... It's this crazy war. It makes us do crazy things we later regret.” He rolls off of John and rests his head on one of the lumpy pillows.
John simply forbids his brain to imagine anything happening between Sherlock and Gibson. He's... cold and arrogant and predatory and over-confident and ruthless, so what could Sherlock possibly see in him?
My dearest Sherlock,
“You still married her.”
Sherlock nods briefly. “That might be acceptable... now and then.”
After a few moments, Sherlock takes up the violin again. But he refrains from playing something provokingly modern and opts for a more catchy Bach tune.
Sherlock is finally where he belongs.
“Could you open the handcuffs, or is this the part where you reveal yourself as being some sort of psychopathic whore slayer, suffering from religious frenzy?” Sherlock rattles the cuffs a bit to remind John of untying him.
Filthy.
I'm in Krakow. It must have been beautiful once, but now it's in ruins. It is an advantage that I kept my German papers. It might help. I'm hearing about Corsica and Italy and this really gets my hopes up.
“Oh, I am. Amiable, that is. Very. Very amiable.”
Christ, he sometimes hates his life!
“Random people are not a threat. I don't know them. They don't know me. It's purely physical. I don't care for them. It might even be enjoyable, if I can let go. And if it's disappointing, I'll never have to see them again. But it's different with you.”
John relaxes a fraction, then nods. He coughs, still tasting vomit. “I need a wash,” he mumbles, not moving, lost in the sensation of Sherlock pressing an open-mouthed kiss just above his collar. Then Sherlock starts to nibble and suck before biting down on sensitive skin. John moans and tilts his head a little to allow Sherlock better access. As Sherlock finally releases him he has sucked a purple mark onto John's throat.
John abandons all restraint and drags him back onto the bed by his hair, manhandling the lithe body onto its back, decidedly shoving Sherlock's knees up to his shoulders. He fumbles a little with the drawer, blindly emptying its content onto the floor while the hand not busy holding Sherlock down by his curls scrambles until it finds the Vaseline container.
But primarily she records great podfic (with a lovely English accent). Check her out at http://archiveofourown.org/users/Lockedinjohnlock
They both stare at each other until Sherlock has mercy and looks away. John tries to swallow but fails.
This is bad.
What he reveals makes his heart sink. Most of the scars have faded to light pink gashes but some wounds are still an aggressive bright red. John stares, cataloguing; he's been to war, he knows what he's looking at. The deeper incisions are not smooth enough to have been made by a knife. Rather a blunt instrument; back in Afghanistan they'd often used a screw driver as it came in handy and caused a lot of pain. But here are round scars in different sizes as well, the skin shining a delicate rose: burns. And, on Sherlock's lower back, a pattern of quite well healed parallel welts – presumably caused by some sort of whip.
Especially not when Sherlock hooks his long legs around John's waist and pushes up onto his lap, grabbing the headboard again to get more leverage. This changes the angle John pounds inside him, and suddenly, Sherlock almost arches off the bed, his spine curving as if he's having a seizure.
“Anything!” John huffs, absolutely meaning it.
But as patience is apparently called for John lies back, closes his eyes and lets Sherlock ease the path. He moans as a second finger is added and starts to push back onto them after a few minutes. Despite his usual snappiness, Sherlock takes his time to carefully prepare John. It seems to take ages before a third finger is thrust inside him.
“Now let me run you a bath.” His gangly host is on his feet already, clasping his hands together in front of his face. His eagerness is rather endearing.
“The bag or the punch?”
I'm not a coward, John Watson, as you must know by now. So, if you still want to have me, I'm yours. See, I’m making good on my promise to write you smouldering love letters. I hope you know what big concession I’m making here. For you! Only for you.
“I doubt you fancy looking like a booth fighter. Come on, get up, I'll get you to bed.”
Eventually, Sherlock switches of the lights as he retreats to his large, empty double bed. As much as he would like to share it, he's too afraid to allow for the candour that would be required to do so.
John does as he is told and locks eyes with Sherlock, who is lubing himself thoroughly. The bright red condom should look ridiculous but instead it actually frightens John a little. He sincerely hopes Sherlock knows what he's doing.
“You have no idea.” Sherlock whispers, before pulling his knees up to his chest, resting his forehead upon them. Curled tight like this, he begins to tell John.
We'll leave tomorrow. Our route runs via Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria and Albania to Italy. It will take us approximately two to three weeks. If we make it. It's dangerous enemy territory. But there's no other way. And we have to hurry. It's already autumn.
“And back at the hotel? For whom did you do that?”
“But I told you. I had a few drinks. Got into a fight. That's it. Nothing to fuss about.” Sherlock nearly wails, utterly bored by being forced to repeat himself because of John's pedestrian concerns and dull worries.
Walter is a blustering bore afterwards, going endlessly on and on about racial purity, the noblest love being that between two men, about the Arian tradition of the Friedelehe, the struggle the German race is fighting, the bonding of blood and tosh like that. It repels me even more than the act itself. I try to tune him out but then he might let something important slip between his rants. It's tedious in the extreme.
But apparently, such considerations are not on the forefront of Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock is just glad when John finally leaves him be and closes the door behind himself. Though they are now separated by a more or less solid door (it can be locked but the latch is flimsy), Sherlock is aware that the barrier would yield to a few determined kicks. So he has to be careful and silent.
Upstairs, he's greeted with a pot of hot black coffee, two cups, a pile of sugar cues and a small jug of real cream.
They don't say a single word when John starts to unbutton Sherlock's khaki shirt and wrestles the rough fabric off his shoulders, exposing his still pale, much too narrow chest.
“See anything you like?” John mumbles sleepily and Sherlock snorts before turning his face away, his mouth a thin hard line.
John suddenly doubts that everything is fine with Sherlock. Monosyllabic humming has never occurred before. As one of Sherlock's hands gently strokes the back of John's left thigh, John shifts his head a bit and opens his eyes to peer back at Sherlock, slouched over his body, still wearing his open shirt and slightly creased bespoke trousers.
All went well. I go by the name of Joachim Lenz now, wounded in action and transferred to the BdS. Before the war, I allegedly visited England regularly. My gait helps adding credibility to my role. It's strange, speaking German all the time. It feels alien, those words coming out of my mouth. I miss you.
At first, Sherlock can only taste soap, but suddenly the salty flavour of pre-come hits his taste buds. It's intoxicating. He sucks harder, cupping John's balls with one hand, gently rolling them in his palm. Above him, John moans.
Sherlock doesn't come home that night. It's not that John has waited for him but...
From down here, Sherlock cannot see John's face, but he can hear him pant and groan. Sherlock has to bite his lip hard not to join him until he draws blood from the cut on his lower lip. However, as John adds the tip of his second finger, stretching his tight hole visibly until it eventually relaxes from his ministrations, Sherlock starts to come undone, his self-control wearing thin, becoming frayed at the edges. He presses his uncomfortably hard cock firmly against the mattress and starts to rut, moving his pelvis in shallow circles. The sudden friction is absolute bliss as he wriggles and writhes and finally can't stop himself as a low moan escapes his mouth.
But it's apparent that Sherlock doesn't, going by his look of utter incomprehension. John has no choice but to spell it out.
Sherlock is woken by the doorbell ringing (despite being disposed off into the fridge). He can hear Mrs. Hudson converse downstairs and then she climbs the stairs and steps into their kitchen.
John Watson has his own secrets that have nothing to do with espionage. Yet he guards them even more closely than if he’d been involved in treason. He’s learned his lesson. Careless talk costs indeed lives.
Nevertheless, they simply can't keep their hands and mouths off each other. They can't help it. Especially John has hidden away his desires for so long that now, when allowed to let them roam freely, it's almost too much, nearly overwhelming him with their intensity. Luckily, Sherlock is equally eager – and even more experienced than John initially thought. He doesn't dare to ask about Sherlock's past – not after the painful reveals after their first time together – but he's sure that Sherlock has had his fair share of sexual encounters, despite being five years younger than John.
“Yeah, I fancy you. So what? Do you really expect me to coyly avert my eyes when you stride around the flat starkers? And your shirts! So clingy I'm sure your pectorals can be seen from space. Oh, I forgot to mention your total lack of regard for personal space. Standing always just a bit too close, casually brushing your fingers against mine, ordering me to feel you up while retrieving your bloody phone from your tightly fitted bespoke trousers. God, Sherlock, what am I supposed to make of this? Have you honestly never thought about what these things might do to me?”
“Whatever. I'm off to bed.” John puts his novel upside down on the armrest of his chair before escaping to his room. Last night had been challenging and keeping up appearances of everyday life at Baker Street over the past twelve hours (not even talking about IT; refraining from pressing Sherlock against the nearest vertical surface to ferociously snog and grope him) was at least equally arduous. John just needs a break.
Sherlock just shrugs. “So, where does this leave us?” Neither man can look at the other. Sherlock twiddles with a thread of the duvet while John scrutinises the ceiling.
What kind of war is this? Nothing happens. NOTHING. I'm sitting in this godforsaken chalet in the middle of nowhere, waiting to be carted off to another godforsaken chalet in the middle of nowhere a little closer to the German heartland. I'm surrounded by imbeciles – obviously, as they are quislings, an exceptionally nasty species – who try to be even more radical in expressing their dumb views than the Nazis themselves. I'm already sick of it.
“Your boat goes tomorrow night. I'll come around to fetch you at eight.”
I'm back home. First thing I did was to take a prolonged, hot bath. I scrubbed my skin until it's now red all over. I feel raw. I'm not sure I can do this.
John drowns the second glass of water while leaning against the sink in their brightly lit kitchen.
“You can't answer a disjunctive question with 'both'. That doesn't make any sense. Or are you trying to be funny?” Sherlock fears this might spiral out of control rather quickly but can’t fall back on any other pattern of behaviour than seeking refuge behind a verbal wall of apparently indifferent mockery.
“His friend? His friend?!” John is yelling now. A few passers-by turn but he doesn't give a shit. “What did you really do to help him? How could you... stand by and watch him... destroy himself?” The sheer abhorrence of what Sherlock might have endured to afford his habit threatens to overwhelm John. He has to brace his hands on his knees, all air knocked out of him. Now John knows why Sherlock can perform perfectly lecherous blow jobs. The detachment in Sherlock's eyes... like he was somehow distancing himself from what his body was doing... the offer of sex to make amends... Bile burns sour in John's throat. He retches violently.
“There's no point in being grown up if you can't act a little childish sometimes,” John retorts with a small smile playing around his lips.
“Just let me have a go at your nose.” Before Sherlock can protest, John places his thumbs on either side of Sherlock's dorsal and suddenly applies pressure. There's the dull cracking noise of cartilage against bone, and then Sherlock screams in pain – a high-pitched wail – before sputtering: “Fuck, John, what the hell...?”
“Ah, look, here’s a note from 1953. It's signed Sherlock again. Well, let's see what he has to say.”
John squeezes his eyes shut, smiling. “Please tell me that's a tyre lever you have stored in your pyjama bottoms for some crazy purpose. Or are you that pleased to see me?”
“Mr Gibson, I presume.” Sherlock states by way of an introduction. “You are on schedule.” It sounds very much like a compliment to John's ears.
Sherlock's room is almost dark as John enters; only the orange light from the street is filtering dimly through the curtains. John is just clad in his pants – naked would have been a bit too much but putting more clothes on seemed superfluous also and as he's not sure what to expect, coming onto Sherlock wrapped only in a towel might be considered a bit too intimidating.
John doesn't come home in the evening, much to Sherlock's relief. He still feels embarrassed and ridiculed but has decided to completely ignore their fight. He hopes that John – being an average, conventional British male – will treat the issue likewise.
“So what? He can neither protect her, nor offer her secure and well paid employment pursuant to her qualifications. Alliances have been forged for far lesser causes.”
The expression on Gibson's face suddenly becomes one of fiendish spite. He slowly raises himself to his full height, clenching his fists. He's almost towering over Sherlock, who just smiles one of his false smooth smiles.
Sherlock regards him with a strange mixture of sympathy and impatience. Suddenly, he almost jumps to his feet. “Coffee!” He announces, as if he's just discovered the existence of said beverage. “You need some coffee. Strong and sweet. Perhaps some nice crumpets to go with it. Afterwards, a hot bath, and some sleep.”
And Sherlock, assured, does. He tries to spread John's buttocks even wider with his free hand, grabbing one well-muscled cheek while his right hand continues to pump John's cock in a lazy rhythm. John feels pre-come drip onto Sherlock's fingers as Sherlock's tongue laps catlike at his cleft and everything starts to get extremely slippery. John relaxes into the sensation, the touch, only to jerk forward, desperately seeking friction as Sherlock closes his lips over his puckered entrance and starts to suck.
But it's true. There's been one ferocious shag the night after Mary had been exposed, more adrenaline fuelled than driven by love. Sherlock had fucked John on the sitting room floor, hard and fast and desperate, staying almost fully clothed in his need and urgency to claim and possess again what once had been his but what he'd since... lost? Forsaken? Sacrificed?
“Ok.” John exhales. “Challenge accepted. I wholeheartedly agree. What were you about to say? What lunatic opinion of yours did I just consent to? Spit it out.”
“I need a shower,” he states abruptly, getting up, pulling a face.
As the evening progresses, it becomes increasingly clear to Sherlock that nicotine won't see him through the night. He perfunctorily argues with himself, but it's a lost cause from the outset. He tries to delay it, however, until he's too jaded to withstand the craving any longer. And where's the point of it, anyway? Controlled usage is not usually fatal and abstinence is not immortality. When he's sure that John won't return to Baker Street any time soon, he surrenders to his impulses and retreats to his room.
John has to swallow twice before he's able to form words, his eyes never leaving Sherlock's fist working his cock.
Instead of an answer, Sherlock gives John a hard look. John grins back. Something in the atmosphere shifts. Sherlock unfolds, leans against the sofa, stretching his long arms and legs.
“He fucked me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
There's a short silence as Sherlock turns towards John, frowning. “Honestly, John, do you even know what a
Sherlock is looking up at him from red-rimmed eyes and is about to say something in reply. But his words are drowned out by sirens suddenly screaming, their high-pitched tune cutting sharply through the sounds of everyday life in London. Another attack. The Germans are coming by day and night now in an attempt to spread terror and undermine morals.
“Because I don't speak fucking Portuguese either!”
Despite the leaden weariness spreading through his body John snorts a laugh. “Seriously, Sherlock?” He might never hear Sherlock say I love you but if this is as good as it gets, John's fine with it.
“Don't take your frustration out on me!” Sherlock hisses back, and suddenly, the two men stand at loggerheads while the room fills profusely with aggressively male testosterone. They glare at each other. John clenches his fists. Sherlock carefully puts his violin and bow down onto the table, then pulls himself up to his full height, his eyes never leaving John’s face. John in return puffs out his chest. Sherlock notices John’s taut biceps expanding under the slightly freckled skin of his upper arms, pectorals twitching beneath short curly fur. He can also see John’s scar; it’s the first time he gets a good thorough view of it but the moment is ruined, because Sherlock is not able to focus on the damaged skin, despite all his senses heightened and his nerves singing with anticipation.
“John...” he whimpers.
As an answer Sherlock just opens the top drawer of his bedside cabinet and takes out a purple tube.
John bites his lip and softly moans. Pearly fluid wells up from the slit and is put to good use as lubricant. After a few more strokes, however, the hand slows down until John's just teasing his shaft, tracing the prominent vein on its underside while his other hand lazily plays with his balls. Then John spreads his legs, wide (and Sherlock knows it's for his benefit as much as John's), puts one foot on the mattress and exposes himself quite unashamedly. The fingers around his bollocks wander further back, gently stroking before diving between his cheeks. The angle is difficult and seems uncomfortable but after John squirms a bit, his cock gives a visible jerk.
“Don't be long.” John says quietly but he's sure he'll sleep alone tonight.
“So, what happened? Where did you go?”
John is still panting heavily, his eyes screwed shut. He can feel Sherlock's hot unsteady breath gushing over his wet cleft, sending goosebumps up his sweaty spine while his wobbly legs start to go numb.
Now that Sherlock has experienced how much he craves to bond with another human being, he feels all the more humiliated and gutted at how ridiculous and futile his endeavours must appear. A leopard can't change its spots. He is but a repressed, immature aberration of a man, grotesque in body and mind, abnormal and repulsive, unable to connect; a sociopath if there ever was one.
Just as he has settled in for the night and is about to close his eyes, wriggling under the sheets to find the most comfortable position to sleep in, he can hear the violin start screeching downstairs. It's not even a proper tune, just painfully shrill noises.
“My professional charges are upon a fixed scale,” Sherlock retorts coldly. “I do not vary them, save when I remit them altogether.” As much as John is normally concerned with their financial matters (and Sherlock's total lack of interest in them), at this moment he is rather proud of the consulting detective's disregard for monetary gain.
Poland is bleak. SS and Wehrmacht everywhere. My Polish is still insufficient. But my German helps. We are a very mixed crowd: Russians, Ukrainians, Hungarians, Finns, Germans and Poles – united in the pursuit to save as many people as possible. Yet in the face of the military superiority of the enemy, our small efforts seem doomed to fail. But at least we are doing something! Let's hope for the best. I think of you all the time. I hope you are save and in a better place than I am.
Much later, John is kneeling over that oddly beautiful face, the jaw slack from sucking cock. Victor is lying on his back and John is squatting over him, his knees on either side of those narrow shoulders. Despite a little protestation, John has tied Victor to the headboard with his own belt. He'd paid for anything he wants, and that's precisely what he'll get out of this encounter.
“Come on, lick me. Eat me out.” John growls, and Sherlock dives between his cheeks. He's never done this before. It's not that their sex life is especially vanilla, but somehow Sherlock has shied away from too intimate practices. Deep down, he somehow thinks of these things as dirty, filthy. They don't even have that much intercourse. Sherlock, up until now, had outright refused being penetrated, and John is still getting used to it. Therefore, it's mostly blow jobs or mutual hand jobs with the odd intercrural incidence in between.
But Sherlock nonetheless bends his knee, and John pulls it upwards to reach between his legs, smearing his inner thighs, his perineum and his balls with yet more lube.
“I think you do.” John growls and starts to pump his cock with his free hand.
----------
“Well, nothing new there.” Sherlock states absent-mindedly, turning towards John, who, from long term exposure to Sherlock's reasoning, is past indignation. “Suppose for a moment you are plotting, in a cold, premeditated fashion, to get rid of a rival.” John keeps his face carefully blank. “You have planned it. A text message has been written. The victim has come. You have your weapon. The crime is committed. You escape from the scene. Do you tell me that after carrying out such a cunning crime you would now ruin your reputation as a criminal by forgetting to fling your revolver into those adjacent reed-beds which would forever cover it? That instead, you would carry it home and put it in your own wardrobe, the very first place that would be searched? You can hardly be called a schemer, John, but even you wouldn't do anything as stupid as that.”
Sherlock gently bites down on John’s clavicle before trailing the tip of his tongue over John’s sternum, dipping in his navel before continuing further south. When his lips brush the trail of wiry hair between John’s legs, he opens his mouth wider and sucks in the head of John’s cock, twirling his tongue around and around until he can feel the shaft swelling to full hardness.
It's almost like in the beginning of their friendship, when no shadows hovered over their doorstep; it's a jaunty evening and both men feel almost giddy with relieve that this is still possible.
“Yes, Sherlock, I care,” John answers, too weary to disguise his feelings anymore.
“That's not the same...” John growls, baring his teeth.
Of course he had waited. He'd been lying in bed, tossing and turning, listening for the sound of the front door closing, steps on the stairs, something.
“I don't want to talk about it, not right now.” Sherlock sighs against John's skin. But then he stirs, frees himself, gets up and walks over to his desk, taking a sip of wine this time as he rummages through a drawer. John is struck once again by Sherlock's ethereal beauty. He's skinny, true, with protruding ribs and visible vertebrae, the joints of his bony shoulders and knees much too prominent, but his lithe body glows in the dimmed light, almost otherworldly. His movements are still elegant, even if there's a slight limp to his gait.
“That might help you both.” Mycroft mumbles.
Eventually, the boring, in his slander rather predictable detective is interrupted by the arrival of another authoritarian figure. Sherlock sighs, not only inwardly, as the policeman jumps to his feet and almost salutes, despite the man entering wearing civilian clothes (bespoke, of course, even when clothes can only be obtained on coupons, at least for mere mortals).
This is not a drill, John realises. This is the real thing. A giant leap, especially for Sherlock.
“Sherlock, that investigation is not even Greg's division.”
“Files and photos? Is that all? Don't you want to visit the crime scene or talk to Sean... Mr Dunbar?”
I have to dash, I'm needed.
He can't compute this.
“On your back. I want to look at you.”
Luckily, the Metropolitan and District Line is running without interruptions for once. The air strike last night did hit again the East End, but apparently the more central parts of London were spared. Still, the platforms and cars are crammed, which is annoying as the journey to Baker Street takes nearly half an hour due to the usual delays.
“Because I need to hear it from you.” John growls.
“Stop it.” Mycroft blinks, staring down at the worn linoleum. “I'll do what I can, but I fear my hands are tied in this matter.”
----------
“It seems uncle Sherlock was rather reserved in his writing, compared to what John had dared to confide. But then, his letters were sent via force’s mail, so they would have been censored by the military. I'm sure he couldn't be as frank as he'd liked to be.”
More than twelve hours to kill!
“You started, nevertheless.” John nods over Sherlock's shoulder at the cardboard box. “As much as I'm glad to be back... as much as I'm glad you are back... I think having a room for myself might be a sensible idea. You know, we should take it slowly. We have all the time in the world...”
Happy New Year, my love, wherever you are!
John smiles a sad smile. “He must have really fancied you.”
“Summarize these regulations concerning civil unions in Brazil! I don't have time for this right now but it might be important.”
As he closes the door he can hear Sherlock quietly say: “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock does not look at his reflection in the mirror. He just gets into the bath and slides down beneath the hot soapy surface. John had squeezed a fair amount of bath essence into the tub, so the rich foam covers his sore limbs completely.
He swallows and pushes that thought aside. He’ll just have to trust his intuition to be able to realize if he's confronting a cold-blooded sadistic murderer or just a pathetic travelling salesman seeking a lurid adventure away from home. Either way, he’ll cross that bridge when he comes to it.
“You'll both be held here overnight. I'm trying to get Doctor Watson off the charges, to avoid a public scandal, but I'm not so confident with you. I need something to work with here, Sherlock.”
“You have heard of Neil Gibson?” Sherlock asks out of the blue.
John nearly chokes on his own spit.
“For... I don't know... missing out on post-orgasmic cuddling because my sorry old carcass failed me?”
I'm now dressed in a black SS-Hauptsturmführer uniform. It's frighteningly fitting. I look rather dashing. The woman hiding me gasped in shock when she saw me. I'll report to my unit on Monday. Wish me luck.
Sherlock suddenly sits up, his body tense and alert. “I take full responsibility of what happened. I seduced him. He's blameless, utterly respectable, just corrupted by me...”
“I think I might just as well. So you know what you’re getting yourself into.”
Bliss.
The iron shackles dangle from John’s left fist as he climbs back onto the bed, a dark gleam in his eyes.
fiddled with the valves; so the money will run through their fingers as usual, but at this moment, they both feel rather comfortably gratified).
“And yet, your grand-dad left the flat his gay brother had presumably lived in to his gay grandson. What was that, paying his debts? Or guilt-tripping you back into the family way?”
“Sherlock, look at me. What happened?”
As you might guess, something finally happened. We moved. I'm in Belgium now. Looking for my contact proves to be rather difficult.
Sherlock turns and lies down, stretching his arms above his head. John fastens the cuffs to the headboard, pulling them tight. A fresh spark of arousal shoots through Sherlock’s body. Who’d thought he'd enjoy a little dominance so much?
I am aware that I'm playing rather losely with historical facts here, apologies. This will, however, continue in the next chapters.
“Yes,” Sherlock's voice hitches, dreamy and breathless.
Instead, being left to his own devices, he might as well make the best of it. He cooks pasta and watches a DVD, once more balancing his plate on his knees as he eats in front of the telly, then turns in early. After last night, he feels entitled to some rest and if Sherlock is playing prima donna, pocketing all the fun and merit for himself, then John can be equally stubborn and give the twat the silent treatment (even if he's not sure if Sherlock will recognise it as such).
Sherlock lies awake a long time after John has fallen asleep, listening to his breathing, cataloguing the freckles on his shoulders, memorising the curl at the nape of John's neck, his smell after sex, the firmness of his warm flesh beneath his fingers.
Sherlock freezes for a moment; his knuckles hurt. He watches blood drip onto John's inoffensively chequered shirt and the greyish linoleum. Slowly, as if in trance, he eventually turns and passes John one of their not-too-clean tea towels. John takes it and presses it against his face, hissing in pain.
William remembers the tall, bald, slightly overweight man who always dressed in immaculate bespoke three-piece suits. He’d worn an old-fashioned pocket watch, and one of William’s earliest memories is playing with its chain while bouncing on his grandfather’s knees. He’d been fond of good food and good wine and he had evidently possessed the money to pay for both; as he’d done for William’s excellent education, which his grandson had decided to throw away along with a trust fund he blew on heroin.
John has to rigidly suppress the impulse to haul the millionaire over the parapet.
Believe me when I still call you that, despite what has happened. I was so alone, and she was there, warm, soft, accommodating. But it wasn't like it was with you. I barely got it up.
“It breaks my heart, nonetheless.” John takes Sherlock's hands in his, stroking his thumb over too-prominent knuckles. Sherlock relaxes a fraction and turns his hands palms up, gripping John's wrists, holding onto him.
John hardly ever stays at his dingy lodgings anymore. Most of his time he spends at Baker Street. He’s pretty sure that Sherlock’s landlady knows that something is going on between them, but she just smiles at him and slips him pastries, made with real butter and loads of sugar. In return, he looks after her hip, pinching painkillers from the hospital’s pharmacy.
“Yes, I love you too, but what's the signature?” William asks brusquely.
“You mean the American internet mogul?”
“A bit, yeah.” John still doesn't know how much Lestrade knows; he doesn't want to breach Sherlock's confidence. Better keep it vague.
Could he ask again?
As if on cue, Sherlock tries to shimmy away. But John is not yet prepared to let him go, so he reflexively grabs Sherlock's arse and holds him where he is.
I'm so sorry. I feel horrible. I'm thinking of you all the time while trying not to think of you all the time when I’m with him and it drives me mad.
“God, that was...” John's lost for words.
“I see you soon.” Sherlock promises in John's direction, and the policemen laugh, a dirty low chuckle that makes bile rise in John's throat. For the first time this evening, he's starting to get truly afraid. This is not a joke, as surreal as the situation may seem. This is serious business. Yet John has no idea how serious.
“Please...” Sherlock whines. “I … I don't know. There was a … man … I think we had a fight.”
“Yes.” Sherlock hesitates. “But if you are not amiable...?” He's already losing his nerve, back-paddling as long as it can still be brushed off as some kind of joke between... mates. Only, they never were exceptionally matey. John has to stop Sherlock before he once again clamps up and retreats into his shell.
“More or less.” John concedes, still looking Sherlock straight in the eye.
“You wouldn't want to know.” Sherlock is quite certain of this.
“Those fucking hypocrites!” John yells, slamming his fist into the coffee table. “They sacked him. Because some git filed a complaint...”
Sherlock disapprovingly shakes his head but gives no other outward sign that John's comment has registered. Finally, he makes a victorious little noise, not unlike a wolf whistle. His eyes dart quickly back and forth as he soaks up all the information that the paper has to offer. “Interesting... just as I thought... oh!
“There is no such place.” Sherlock states, raising his cup to his mouth. John has to look away.
John slowly turns to face Sherlock, wrapping his arms loosely around his slim waist. “Why can’t I come with you?” He asks, rubbing his nose along Sherlock’s jaw, sensing a hint of stubble.
“The place had stood empty for some time. Apparently, the last tenant shot himself in the upstairs bed room.” John pulls a face. He has slept in there for the past months. Maybe this explains his nightmares. “Grandfather seems to have had trouble to find new tenants afterwards. Or he just didn't bother. I doubt he needed the money.”
The weekend turns into a nightmare. Sherlock potters about but gets more and more irritated as experiments don't bring the desired results and there’s a heartfelt shortage of alluringly bloody murder. As if to provoke one, Sherlock bangs doors and shouts at no one in particular, before rushing out of the flat in a surge of billowing coat and bad temper just as John reclaims the sofa to watch the news at ten.
He's been such a bloody creep. The least he can do is to apologise. Right now!
I'm expected to attend church. Tedious. But the farmer's wife keeps beehives, to which I now tend. Her husband was taken away and shot by the Germans last winter as a revenge for some partisan action. Still, she took me in. She's not afraid, she says. Fierce, brave woman. It's rather beautiful around here in the summer. Woods, lakes, you can almost forget the war.
John sighs. “I know. It’s just… this is bloody dangerous, Sherlock. I’m… I’m just…” John pinches the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger, willing the kettle to boil.
“I don’t follow.”
“Certainly not!”
“No, it doesn't.”
After he's sure their landlady is settled downstairs in her flat again, however, he can't keep his curiosity in check. He gets up and walks into the kitchen. There's an envelope sitting in the middle of the table (thick, creamy paper, expensive, office stationary), and, despite being addressed to John, as it's not sealed, Sherlock opens it to peek inside.
It's New Year’s Eve. Should this really be the answer to my prayers?
“As a matter of fact, yes, Sherlock. I do.” He sounds actually worried.
Over the next few weeks John makes sure that Sherlock can sleep, even if it is with the help of strong medication. When Sherlock one evening emerges from the bathroom just in his pyjama pants and lets John see his scars John knows it’s a leap of faith but he still inhales sharply and feels uncomfortable, unable to ask.
Sherlock coughs and swallows hard but his voice is still hoarse when he answers: “Must have been Mrs Hudson. She packed my stuff and stored it... after... you know.” John just gives a curt nod. “I would have expected the police to take it away. But then, if Anderson had been on forensics, anything is possible.” Sherlock tries for a smile; the muscles in his face hurt.
“I'm so sorry to bother you with this,” Mrs Hudson continues, still looking slightly worried at Sherlock, “but it's my bridge evening tonight. And it's my turn, we'll meet up downstairs. I was wondering if I could borrow some chairs?”
“Loving you kept me alive.”
“Careful, please...” John whimpers. It's a strange experience, not entirely unpleasant but odd. The weirdness of the situation is increased by John's impression that Sherlock is rather performing some sort of menial task than engaging in an act of wanton passion.
“I told you I would write to you every day.” John moves over to let Sherlock back into bed.
A tentative knock on his door has Sherlock step back inside from the balcony. He doesn't expect anyone. Perhaps some of his comrades who want to try again and invite him for a drink? But he told them that he wants to be alone tonight. He wants to think about John. Well, not just think, to be honest, but fantasise, getting lost in erotic thought... Because that's all that's left for him. An imaginary lover, as the real one is god knows where, if still alive at all.
Lestrade takes a large swig as if to steel himself, then looks down into his nearly empty glass before asking in a very low voice: “Is that why you wanted to meet? To talk about... that?” He half turns his head and watches John, expressionless, from the corner of his eyes.
He has no idea what might await him. But no risk, no fun.
And suddenly, it's not John anymore who stands in front of him, who's hand Sherlock is clinging to but all he can take in and perceive are two narrow burning black eyes, gazing deep down into his brain, laying bare Sherlock's most dark and hidden secrets.
But there is something in Sherlock's manner that raises John's suspicion. As Sherlock stares after the retreating figure John is overcome by a sense of unease he can't quite put his finger on but which makes him want to seize Sherlock in his arms and hug him tight.
John rakes his hand through Sherlock's mop of impossibly tousled curls and seals that promise with another deep kiss.
All I want is to be with you again, desperately. I want to touch your skin and kiss your impossible mouth and hear you pant beneath me. Like you used to, but never will again.
“Why would I mind?”
At least before guilt and remorse would eat John alive. So instead of giving in, John takes a deep breath, turns on his heels and marches up the stairs, his back rigid, his jaw set.
My darling Sherlock,
Sherlock has retreated to his bed and now cowers on the duvet, knees pulled up to his chest, arms clutched around them, rocking back and forth.
“Do I look like I'm joking?” There's an edge to John's voice; Sherlock has to be careful.
“It was Alban Berg!” he states miffed.
“Did you know that Sherlock never finished his degree? He got sent down...”
“Why?” Sherlock stalls.
“Would you like to know?” Sherlock asks suddenly, feeling brave and reckless because of the security John's undemanding proximity and the familiar surroundings offer. And if John honestly means what he's saying, then he deserves to know.
“Does it hurt?” Sherlock asks.
“Come up here, you lewd thing,” John sighs avidly, totally spent. He pats the pillow next to him and Sherlock budges up. They look at each other, both dishevelled and dazed and John is the first to start snickering.
William entangles himself reluctantly. “Just one more piece, addressed to Sherlock.” There’s a dove-grey envelope, made of heavy quality paper at the bottom of the box. It's in John's handwriting. William carefully unfolds the containing letter and reads aloud:
Crisis, pining and suffering finally lead to some kind of catharsis, relieving the tension at least temporally as John and Sherlock find some common ground. Yes, there's eventually some sex in this but it's neither easy nor straightforward.
After John has left his room, Sherlock stands for a long time at the window, looking out but seeing nothing.
I'm off to dash over to the hotel. I'll take all my letters with me, just in case...
Sherlock obliges. John starts to feel slightly dizzy and fears he might keel over out of pure pleasure, melting into a quivering puddle of jelly onto the not too clean carpet. Sherlock steadies him with his left arm slung around his ribcage, a large hand pressing firmly against the middle of John's chest.
With von Arnim capitulating near Tunis, there's talk about us going over to Italy. We'll see.
“So, you think, when we do it as John and Sherlock, it's boring?” John sounds offended. Great! Just what Sherlock tried to avoid. Why does he always get himself between a rock and a hard place?
“Let me say right here, Mr. Holmes,” their client begins in a rather subtle but still recognisable accent, “that money is nothing to me in this case. You can burn it if it’s any use in getting you to the truth. Sean Dunbar is innocent and has to be cleared, and it’s up to you to do it. Name your figure!”
Sherlock's eyes are dark. He's lying on his back, staring at the ceiling and his face and chest are flushed pink. His erection protrudes blatantly from his concave belly, tenting his faded cotton trousers and he seems actually rather forlorn as his hands jitter at his sides.
The silence stretches. Sherlock's voice is raw when he speaks again: “I think Mycroft suspected something was wrong when I came home on that holiday. He tried to talk to me but I couldn't...” He shakes his head and presses his lips into a thin line.
John is holding a thin piece of old airmail-paper, bleached by time to a pale grey.
“Piss off, Sherlock.” John immerses himself into the show (where, by now, a snarky jury delivers their pre-scripted mean judgements, which sounds quite appealing to John in his present sour mood) and rigorously refuses to acknowledge Sherlock leaving. Only after the door has been shut carefully does he close his eyes – the on-screen contestants forgotten - and lean his head back while trying to keep his breathing even. Sometimes he feels seriously on the brink of throttling that impossible git.
“No, believe me, you don't. I don't want to talk about it and you obviously know, so why force me to spell it out?” Sherlock can't.
Upon contemplating his total failure at being a worthy companion, someone John would call a pal or mate, the voices in his head had seen their chance and stirred again, whispering malevolent words of sombre intent. And weren’t they always right? He was weak and worthless and not entitled to that tiny flicker of complacence he'd nurtured over the past few days. How could he even have dared to endeavour? It was futile.
“Since when is this even my case?” Lestrade whines and DC Coventry scuffs his shoes on the dark asphalt of the bridge, purposely averting his eyes from all concerned parties.
Before stepping into the tub to shower, Sherlock allows himself a look in the mirror, carefully touching his face. He's pale and haggard, his eyes sunken and bloodshot (but that can be attributed to the unfamiliar intake of alcohol last night), his cheeks hollow. He looks knackered but might blame a hangover and get away with it, as he rarely drinks anything stronger than sweet milky tea.
A cable arrived from my brother. He recommended me for the SOE, due to my exceptional experience behind enemy lines. I'm to liaise with the Polish unit. They even gave me a battledress! But we are encouraged to wear civilian clothes. This whole sabotage thing sounds like it's a blast (sorry for the pun).
John looks at him a bit sheepishly. “Sorry.” He blushes.
“Very well spotted, genius. No, I don't like him.”
John still has no idea what exactly Sherlock is doing at Smithfield Market, but has sensed by now that it must be some sort of intelligence work. He knows better than to torment the man with questions. John has accepted that Sherlock is not at liberty to tell him anything, and quickly discovers that he gets annoyed if he has to state this repeatedly.
Sherlock is struggling; John can tell from his hunched shoulders and the uncharacteristic stammering. He has to take a deep breath before he’s able to go on. “I asked him what the matter was. It was all a bit embarrassing, really. He didn’t answer. I enquired if he was in pain, if he needed the nurse. He just... it was… disturbing. I felt at a loss. I just wanted to leave and tell our teacher that I hadn’t found him but then he said something…”
“Sherlock, if you are trying to tell me that you have difficulties with opening up to other people, to trust them, to allow for closeness – do you really think that's news to me?”
“So that she could take precautions?” John clarifies. Talking to Sherlock sometimes reminds him of explaining basic social skills to a five-year old.
“Just stay here, with me, for a minute. Ok?” John huffs. “Just let me...”
That said, Sherlock turns away from John, closes his eyes and – for the next hour – tries very hard to fall asleep. But he is wide awake in the dark, his heart beating fast, aware of John's presence, which is not uncomfortable or disturbing, only a little unfamiliar. And – he reluctantly admits - quite exciting. John, on the other hand, is emotionally exhausted to such an extent that he simply slides into a narcoleptic state of unconsciousness the minute he closes his eyes
John leans up on his elbows, smiles and shakes his head. “No, love, it's not.” And he pinches Sherlock's bum to prove it.
“I can't. Because.It.Hurts.” John emphasises every word to make sure his message comes across.
Sherlock rips the envelope and card into tiny shreds but pockets the coins.
“Because he doesn’t book threesomes.” Sherlock’s voice is a deep rumble, but turns into a soft moan when John starts to nibble at his earlobe.
“So, and you are… Mr White?” Sherlock asks in a husky voice.
“It’s heavy—remarkably heavy,” he says. “Do you know, John, I believe your revolver is going to have a very intimate connection with the mystery which we are investigating.”
, just visible above the collar of his too tight t-shirt
But why Sherlock? He's made it quite plain that he isn't remotely interested in John. So why should John leaving and spending the night with a random stranger trigger such bizarre behaviour?
But Sherlock just pants a few times and doesn't even trie to move, only mutters: “God, John, the whole fucking room is spinning...”
“Just… passive.” Sherlock usually doesn’t bottom. Apparently, Scott does. John’s eyes go dark.
“Remind me, what exactly is the purpose of your residency here?”
These high spirits carry them through a weekend of reading, tea and telly on John's part and sleeping like dead, experimenting with concentrated hydrochloric acid and composing an etude on Sherlock's, respectively.
He has to be better. He has to try harder. John wants him to be amazing, extraordinary, marvellous; and he will be. He will excel.
“John?”
----------
Wilhelm Moerz was an alleged German spy in England during WW2 (http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4775130.stm). Richard Christmann worked for the Nazi German Abwehr both in occupied and free France and later for the secret services of the Federal Republic of Germany, thus exemplifying the right-wing traditions in the West-German security agencies.
Sherlock snorts with histrionic laughter: “You really believe that, John? People living together, getting married, not for their individual gain but out of some vague romantic notions?”
“What is it now?” Sherlock sighs, exasperated, before turning around to face John with a huff. He blows a thick wisp of black curl out of his sore eye and settles his chin on his crooked elbow.
Sherlock is beautiful; miles of pale soft skin with hard muscles beneath. John looks his fill, almost overwhelmed by the visual sensation splayed out in front of him. Sherlock is almost as white as his sheets. The only spots of colour as he reclines onto the pillows and stretches are his mop of dark curls and his red lips. His cock is already half-hard, resting in a nest of dark wiry hair between his long legs. John feels his own cock twitch in excitement.
