"So what's going on with the fella from your building?" well that worked and fella? who talks like that?
Softly placing his hand on Cas' shoulder, Dean found Cas' beautiful blue eyes. "I'm not going anywhere, Angel. I promise." Cas nodded allowing Dean to get up, moving a short distance so Cas could still see him. Pulling out his phone Dean made his first call.
"Is this opposite day or something? Gabe you'd better not make Sam eat a load of sugar, he'll be sick as a dog."
"Benny huh, that sounds familiar, oh, is that the guy Cas tells me is always so charming?" if Dean was fishing so could Gabriel, no-one kisses his brother and gets away with radio silence.
"I haven't set a date yet, but I've always loved doing the school trips. I thought it could become more this way?" Cas shrugs like its no big deal.
"Daddy, Sammy come on, let's go say hello." Henry runs to the front door quickly followed by the older Winchesters. Once outside they find Cas and this mystery woman unloading a load of colorful plants, Henry had loved picking them out that day at Hive. Currently, he's inspecting them over carefully to make sure they're up to scratch.
"I'm heading over to queue for James Novak, he hardly ever does anything like this so I want to get there early."
They got out of the car Dean moving quick enough before Henry - who looked so cute with his little lego backpack holding all his pictures - could scamper off without a thought. Coming through the automatic doors they spot Kevin busy at the cash register with Hael, who on seeing them points to a door marked office.
He feels a warm air across his hair as his comfy cushion moves, opening his eyes he spots the empty slider tray and Doctor Sexy running from a fire. Quicker than he'd like he's jolted fully awake by and increasing ripple of panic.
"So have you spoke to him yet?" Dean closed his eyes while doing his best not to sigh. Sammy meant well but it was just so hard.
The kid did not do well with that sort of thing, "I'm going to talk to Gabriel and I probably won't be joining you tonight so you have a free ticket." Sam walked off looking happy which was good enough for Dean.
So busy looking at well, everything he missed Sam's look of surprise at his lack of interest in a passing Harley Quinn (one of his favorites) sure he noticed her but he couldn't stop thinking about Cas.
Dean and Sam were happily ensconced in the TV room, cold beers close to hand and a bowl of chips on the table watching The Haunting of Hill House, when the door burst open scaring both brothers, Sam lost control of the chips while Dean dropped his beer directly on his toe.
Getting closer he could hear shouting, just one voice leading him to believe Cas was hiding. What he could make out told him this was more than just an opportune break in. The guy sounded drunk, but some how he knew Cas.
Cas gave his Gabriel eye roll, "Probably because they're ten or more years younger than you." Gabriel's eyes went wide as he placed a hand dramatically against his chest.
"Right ready to get started?" called Cas as if they were his troops, Henry certainly thought so he was standing straight and sporting a serious expression. Such a sight had Dean unable to keep his smile at bay.
"Well if that's how you feel maybe you should quit things with Cas, let's face it you guys met because of Henry and he's different. Your current friends are much more you and don't require as much effort," she said playing devil's advocate.
"A cactus." Sam and Cas said together. Sam's eyes went wide with interest Cas unable to hide his blush turned to Henry.
"Of course, let me ring his parents and check with them okay?" he smiles as the boys high-five each other.
Where the hell was everybody! Wait, Gabriel knew someone was at the door and whoever it was hadn't given up. Cas jumped out of bed, could it possibly be Dean bringing him a gift? The first since the unveiling.
"Actually it's Novak, I use Bumble for the kids." he smiles again, Dean feels his cheeks blush, man what an idiot. He'd be lucky if this  Novak guy spoke to him again. "Castiel Novak." he reaffirmed.
It would help if Sam was more growly or something, sure his giant of a brother was intimidating at first glance but it took people less than a minute in his company to realize he was a care bear with muscles, but he was all Dean had at hand.
"You bet, besides any new pie should be tasted hot and then cold," informed Dean adding, "My Dad gave me money for pizza if you want to stay," offered Dean.
"That's okay, we lost him two years ago. It's good to remember him, just sad." Dean could see how bad the loss had been, Cas looked sad, the sparkle gone from his eyes. Dean wanted to cheer him up, but how? Like a gift, Dean had an idea.
"Yeah?" hot with a great voice, beautiful eyes and a love for cars. Cas was the perfect crush. Not forgetting his manners Dean finally took Cas' outstretched hand, it felt smooth and strong, Dean definitely didn't want to let go.
"Sam, I think you broke him," said Kevin waving his fingers in front of Dean's face, "Charlie, get out here!" luckily Charlie understood an emergency shout and was right out sundae in hand.
"Gabe we bought a stand for it," said Dean while holding zero desire to get under this prickly tree it was the principle of the matter.
"No idea, he's probably all a tither over some book or something," replied Dean shrugging his shoulders.
"That's cool man, Bobby kind of did the same for me. I fix cars sure, but I also restore classic cars. Is your Grandad still around?" Dean knew the answer from the look Cas gave him, he looked sad. "I'm sorry, I always find a way to put my foot in it." he apologized, he hated seeing that look on Cas' face.
"He's sorry for kissing you." Dean turns to stare daggers at this stranger for talking about his troubles so freely, only to find Cas doing it for him. "Why don't I leave you two alone," he suggests moving to grab a suitcase Dean hadn't noticed.
"Um, I don't know Sam just told me about it. They both got the candy covered, that's for sure," he informed since someone had to save Gabriel from himself, might as well be him.
“Cas they’ll be here,” it was Charlie this time, Meg having washed her hands of rallying support at his fifth glance.
"I did!" declares Henry, "I wanted us to look at them all together." Henry leaps up from the teardrop chair, "Daddy sit here, and I'll sit on you."
"You see that's where Dean comes in, he's going to take a look at her and fix it, mate rates and everything." Gabriel's gleam now looked devilish "Right we'd better be off, later kids." they both waved before getting into his car and driving away.
"How wonderful, just head through the shop they're all outside." Dean smiles before following the instructions, walking past even more paraphernalia and weirdly a table full with jars of honey. Finding the doors already open, he heads out into a courtyard filled with colour coded plants all lined up ready for perusal. Towards the back, he can see bigger items: trellises, huge planting pots and bags of gravel.
"Yes, yes I'm a scoundrel, but can we please lower our voices." Bal found it a shame to ask being one who loved dramatics but it was for the greater good.
"Oops, almost forgot uh we got you one of these," Dean pulling happily away from his burger (he was trying to savor it) in time to see Charlie place a luminous green drink on the table. "It's a Sabre Slush."
Running back to his bed he grabs Chomps his stuffed dinosaur, Uncle Sammy says it's okay to still sleep with Chomps, besides the dinosaur would be lonely on his own. There's a rivalry between him and the astronauts.
Across town Cas and Dean were walking around a Christmas Tree farm trying to find the perfect spruce.
"Well that's a damn shame, remind me not to eat there and never to tell Sammy. The place sounds like his own personal Heaven." for some reason Cas gave him a blinding smile, making Dean's heart flutter.
"Someone tried to get into Hive when it was closed, so he's helping them, I'm sure they'll need your Dad's help in a minute or two." Dean nodded at Sam to know he was correct.
"Cassie, take a look at our men work!" Gabriel was quick to announce on sight of the brothers, tapping Cas' shoulder to get his point across.
"That would be so awesome, Cas. But don't tell anyone or Charlie and Sam will want to crash," warned Dean.
"What!" perhaps not the most elegant way of expressing himself but you try going from heavenly pecany goodness to a sentence that makes no, well, sense.
This thing still had a lot of road to it. Only this morning he'd been dodging Sam's puppy dog eyes in attempt to break the 'Don't tell Gabriel rule', Dean hadn't broken yet.
Dean hastened his steps, Cas fighting to keep up, "Can I help you gentleman?" asked Dean his eyes alight with suspicion.
"Whatever! You're right I can find something more fun than that." she sauntered away as quick as she came. Something felt off though like she was merely here fishing for something, giving in to his paranoia Cas picked up his phone:
Four more gifts? Cas couldn't figure how he'd deserved one, too busy with so many thoughts he didn't protest at the card being taken and the gift placed in his hands. It was a small rectangle, wanting to get this over with he pulled the ribbon lacing it through his fingers to proceed with the paper.
"Sam, how could you? Look at how upset he is." okay so using his kid as a form of blackmail was terrible parenting, only he doubted Henry would care if it lead to more new and exciting pies. Sometimes you had to do what you had to.
"What!" Dean had jumped up from his seat the need to punch the guy again flaring strongly. Gabriel held up his hands for Dean to sit back down, he did.
Dean nods taking the advice to think about, he feels better, lighter and finally ready for some pie.
"I tried not to be." Dean can't help the tears fall down his face at that, they're words he's never spoken before, to anyone.
"Daddy said you had a crush when you brought those pies home." Henry wanted to help only crushes were icky, though he really wanted his Dad to be with Cas because Cas was awesome. Perhaps if Sam got together with Gabriel he could get more pie and other sweet treats.
"Hello, Dean," smiling Cas sweeps Dean into the depths of his blue eyes once more. "It's good to see you Sam, Gabriel's in the kitchen." Dean barely holds back from hitting Sam's shoulder and telling him to go for it.
Once everything had been selected Cas rang up their purchases, "Gabe, please don't eat all these." he warned.
"Yeah, he said he'd find me later and I really like him," well that came as no surprise, "Plus you've seen it twice already," said Sam sounding scandalized.
"I should have figured, you little monster." he proceeds to tickle him until he's screaming blue murder. "You didn't have to wait for me," Dean tells him once he abandons the tickling, looking up to find Cas watching them with a look of, whatever it is Dean can't decide it's a lot of different things all warring for first place. And in a blink, it's gone replaced with a happy smile that doesn't reach his eyes.
"Did you get any messages from the others?" asked Cas slightly worried over the silence, he watched waiting as Dean checked his phone.
"You should go for it, choose the college that speaks to you," chipped in Benny, while attempting to load his pizza one-handed, his other firmly wrapped around Alfie.
"You will, feel free to explore." he encouraged, and no sooner did Cas descend the steps to lose himself in the flower garden. A far cry from a usual garden though, it was massive containing flower beds arranged in intricate designs, towards the far back were fruit plants and trees. Flower arches stood tall and blooming. Sections were split for different flowers that changed season to season. Bang in the center were several benches where Dean could see Cas now, obviously overwhelmed at what to look at first.
Cas looks worried, "Um, I'm not sure where I want to go, this wasn't meant to be so hard." confided Cas his frustration obvious.
"Not if it means sitting next to this tall glass of water, I'm ever so thirsty," Cas rolled his eyes in a way that told Dean it was a common occurrence. Turning to look at Sam he saw his brother blushing followed by a remarkable impression of a goldfish.
Sam let out an enthusiastic whoop that had Dean pulling the phone away to protect his hearing. "Oh my God, Dean you actually did it, you talked to the guy."
This was the part of his job he loves the most, matching homes - which had been transformed from the bare shells Michael found them in - to families
"No Cas, it was a joke, besides you do enough with Henry. I can't take up anymore of your time or you'll get bored." Dean closed his eyes, what the hell did he mean by that?
Dating?" Dean nodded, "Definitely not," growled Cas his gaze looking him up and down with obvious hunger.
And since he'd been working under and in his car with the Sioux Falls sun above he'd gotten a little sweaty and a lot greasy. Making sure to text Cas he went for a shower, let it be known that Dean Winchester never smelled bad for a date. Date? No not a date just two guys getting lunch in a very manly way by going to a bar in the daytime.
"Or course, your Dad would never leave you Egg. He needed to go out quickly is all." Sam offered him a smile, only it didn't cover the worry in his eyes.
Sam caught sight of Gabriel after losing him to fairy lights, truthfully Sam was freaking out over gift ideas. Dean could be easily pleased with a cool t-shirt and coupons for pie, Cas would appreciate anything weird that humans had invented. Gabriel was extra hard because it meant so much and Sam had drawn his name out of the bowl.
At the sound of the doorbell Cas closed the fridge, he wasn't expecting anyone assuming it was the mailman with a package for Gabriel. Cas had learned long ago to never indulge his curiosity with anything mailed to his brother.
"Go sit down and I'll bring you something over, my table's just over there." Cas points to the corner in the window that has a comfy sofa too.
"Well that's good, it's nice to have a brother. I have one also." says Castiel his cheeks growing pink.
"Benny fire these burgers up for me," Dean offers him the cooler only to be met with gestures to pass it along to Victor once he does Dean occupies himself by looking for a solution.
"They can hold there own, believe me." threw back the gardener his eyes were sparkling and Dean was unable to turn away from the man. The kitchen quickly becoming silent until Sam broke it.
Dean was holed up in his office, having been ousted from the workshop by Benny. Not without reason, he was distracted: causing damage or injury was definitely not on his list of priorities.
Chuckling at his brother (all the while ignoring his scowl) Dean took his seat making sure to buckle in immediately. Seat belts were absolute protection against falling out of the Goddamn sky after all.
"Of course he is, it's gone ten. Are you okay Dean? Is it too late to call?" yes, hadn't they just gone over that.
"Please, Henry really wants you to. And I haven't been much help." Dean offers giving Henry's shoulder a squeeze.
"Gabriel that's not helping," luckily for Sam Gabriel was nice enough to click his fingers dousing Sam in the grace equivalent of a cold shower.
"Wow, they look great, is that pistachio on the top?" asked Gabriel throwing his baker's eye over the muffin.
Sam ran his hands through his hair, oh boy that was his stressed signal, "Dean, Gabriel went to get Cas, he's coming over, now."
"So did you have anything else in mind?" asks Charlie beginning to walk toward the Krispy Kreme stand quickly paying for one strawberry and one apple that Dean gladly accepts.
“Dean everyone needs time away from their kids on occasion,” informed Bobby tipping him off to the fact Sam must have filled in all the gory details. Bout how quite and down Henry had been all due to the fact he was missing Cas, Dean had no idea when Cas had become such a huge part of their lives but it had happened.
"Henry, did your Dad put you up to this?" asked Cas taking a bite of his muffin, the first taste told him Gabriel would want the recipe.
"Okay Angel." that hadn't been what he was going for, but with Cas just smiling that smile of his, Dean found himself calming down. Perhaps it wasn't that big of a deal.
Sam took a minute, not having the luxury of being around the last few days he hadn't really noticed much of Dean's changing mood. But he was sure it had nothing to do with Henry and more the blue eyed owner.
"Sammy let me down, I need to say hello to Cas," Sam laughed swinging Henry for a bit longer before setting him down, the kid quickly grabbed Cas' hand pulling him over to the table.
Cas looks up as he enters, "Hey, Henry here was about to text you." Dean kneels down to rub Henry's head.
"You'll do no such thing, I'd love to be there. Are you picking Henry up later? Could you come to Hive?" Dean raised his eyebrows in question. "It's two weeks away, I need to know what he wants and if I need to order anything."
"Can't say I do, my brother, however, makes these amazing honey madeleines that I can't get enough when he's kind enough to make them." honey what? Cas spoke about them like they were as good as pie, that wasn't likely in Dean's opinion.
"Already? I could drive you?" he asked hoping to spend more time with the man but not guilt tripping him into staying.
"Yeah, so could you copy it out for me," John nods his agreement. "I don't really know what to write though." God feelings were so hard.
"He's ok, Henry. The police came and took the person away." tried Dean really not wanting to get into all the details, before anything else could be said a door opened expelling Jody followed by Cas.
If Cas didn't show he could settle down on his couch with a bowl of chips and watch a film. Indiana was always good for cheering him up. So really it was a win-win.
"Thanks, guys," Dean was going for that peach one as soon as he finished the best burger of his life.
"A date? Seriously? Man, it's about time." Dean gave his brother a look of confusion, Why would he think that? Sure, it's a Saturday but he's going out with Cas any past feelings or actions were behind him.
Sam is really sad, getting eaten up inside by his own inaction. He thinks his brother falls too easily but Sam swore it was real and he'd let it slip through his fingers.
His office was quite spacious with his desk facing the door, big windows behind it that looked out onto the yard. There was enough room for a couch, Charlie had made a case for one every chance she got only Dean wanted to air on the side of professionalism.
"Dean you've cooked my food for weeks and had me over countless times, this is the least I can do, we're friends right?" Dean nods wishing they could be more.
"So are you going to open that? I suffered Dean's scary glare to bring it to you," Cas picked it up ripping into the top of the gift, once open he reached in pulling out two Bee wordplay bookmarks that made him smile, a save the bees badge and little wooden bees he could stick on his school board in his room.
"Guess I'll call her up," suggested Sam releasing one arm from his backpack to rifle through it for his cell.
"Hey Henry, your Dad had a great idea for your birthday last night." Henry who up until this point had been occupied by his bowl of cheerios, snapped to attention his eyes focusing on his Dad.
Gadreel and Aaron are quick to leave inviting along Kevin who chooses to stay, Gilda watches Charlie fondly as she rushes to the lounge to get everything set up followed by Benny and Victor.
"I'm glad you did, it's a pity I never met the man." Dean smiled knowing Sam felt the same. "Have you been in contact with your parents since?"
Now sat in Baby outside the Novak residence Dean found himself regretting his rash decision, what would Cas think?
Dean looked at Cas wanting to get his next words across properly, "No way Cas, you don't owe me anything, if you've changed your mind or never even wanted to be with me in the first place. You're not responsible for how I feel about you."
"Nah, I should probably do my history paper," concluded Dean quickly stuffing some pizza in his mouth in part to ignore Sam's look of shock and for something to do. Because he sure wasn't feeling hungry anymore, the pizza which was pretty good for high school pizza tasted like ash.
"Tonight?" Alfie nods his head in agreement before allowing Benny to give him that hug sighing happily once embraced.
He couldn't remember if he'd ever known in the first place, or had he just forgotten. Either way, he still felt guilty, pushing his thoughts aside he grabbed his phone intending to do something he felt necessary. Pulling up a blank text he ran through possible sentences in his head.
"Correct Dean, has Henry been teaching you?" Dean shakes his head, "Oh, Dean." tearing away from the beautiful flowers he caught Cas' eyes to find them blazing and much too intense coupled with what he was feeling. "Your Mom?"
Failing dexterity on top of everything else would be a real low blow. Managing the door he gets it shut before falling in front of it, not knowing if the fact that Cas hadn't run after him better or worse.
“Exactly, why this Holiday, the calendar has loads since February,” grabbing a pocket knife off his tool shelf Dean went about cutting the tree loose, Sam moved to take the bottom.
Times where he had learned that Cas liked bees (of all things), that he wanted a cat and they shared a love of burgers. He was a little taller than Dean, with black hair and striking blue eyes. Dean has always liked blue eyes.
“I missed you too, we all did,” Cas laughed at Meg’s look of horror at the show of emotions, “Sometimes I really think you’re Dean in female form.”
"You want to play Mario Kart or break into these?" Dean asked feeling sort or weightless, whether that was the beer or Cas he didn't much care.
Right, it was too much to ask for the world to stop for a minute. "Yes Garth, he's opening tomorrow. I need him to cancel my appointments or get them covered and get the glass repaired. He might have to open a little later and tell him I'll call sometime too."
"They asked me to give you their little gift in the middle of lunch, Cas I wanted no part in it and I should have told you or Gabriel. Their whole ethos never really worked for me anyway, I may have wished my feelings away but it never worked, at least not without the help of pills and cheap vodka."
It may not be much to look at, but Dean has spent some of the best nights of his life here. It sure wasn't fancy but it was loved.
Fine Cassie, but you know I love drama," Cas rolls his eyes something he does often in his brother's company. "Sammy, hurry up," shouts Gabriel.
"Hey, I'm ruggedly handsome," he corrected as she motioned for him to come around into her booth quickly freeing up a chair for him.
"Nope, what's going on Sammy? Why are you all sad?" Henry moved closer to give his Uncle a hug that was quickly accepted before Sam pulled him onto his lap.
Pushing all his thoughts away Dean pulls into the driveway noticing Sam and Gabriel standing by their parent's car. Once he's out he walks over noticing Gabriel looking nervous, it's more than an odd sight.
"Find one you like?" he asks watching his son turn around, smiling massively. Dean crouches down so they can talk more easily. "I take it you had a good day".
"Nah, I love all those films, they're classics Cas besides I have to plug this gap of learning you have going on." Dean stopped for a moment unsure if he wanted to divulge this next part, he decided to just say it. "And it's my first place, you know by myself and well I sort of like being able to have people over."
"Um, I learned a lot researching for your present and thought this would show you what I'm interested in." shrugged Sam feeling at war a little with his desires and fears. Buying everything currently on the bed was to show Gabriel he was ready to have the sex he wanted for himself, he was still nervous though.
Maybe he could cut, no doubt he could convince Lisa to tag along, only he and Lisa weren't really a thing anymore. He didn't know when it had happened, they used to be so hot and heavy. Now he just felt bored toward the whole thing, and no other girl was currently on his radar.
"Good Morning Hive Gardens." the voice that greeted him was beyond cheerful for before nine am, did the sunny disposition come with the job?
"Holy shit, did you bake a pie?" Dean moves to sit on a stool remembering the night not too long ago when they ate apple tarts and Dean tried to keep the alcohol from running his mouth.
He allowed his mind to go back to the flight and Cas, the guy was certainly a little weird in how he talked and seemed the complete polar opposite of his brother. Dean woke to the announcement of their descent remembering everything and feeling too scared to talk in case the pill was still in action. He was awake enough to notice Cas looking at him happily, and Sam and Gabriel still deep in conversation.
Dean and Cas entered the house to absolute quiet, unsettling them both, "Do you think they went out?" questioned Dean attempting to shut the door and check his cell at the same time.
"Tell Gabriel thanks, call me if you need to. I don't care what time." Cas nodded walking him and Sam out the door shutting behind them they both walked over to Baby. "You planning something?"
"It just happened, I was picking up Sam and I wanted your Dad to like me and I could see him struggling so I helped. I just wanted him to see a side he hadn’t heard about, he found me more work with his friends, Bobby for one. They don’t mind paying so they have more time at home, especially when they don’t get any joy out of it.”
Gabriel was in his office when his phone rings, why couldn't it have happened thirty minutes ago when he was deep in boring paperwork. Expecting it to be Sammy he's surprised to see Dean' name flashing on the screen.
"Water would be good," replied Dean, quickly adjusting his pants once Cas had his back turned, it seemed this talking thing couldn't be escaped after all.
Why hadn't he sent her a picture? His twitter profile was a shot of Baby looking real majestic in the sun and Dean Winchester didn't do selfies!
"Dean! This is amazing and I'm pretty sure Cas would like anything from you." raising his eyebrows Dean supposes she along with Sam thought he stood a chance.
"You're up, Winchester." started Jody looking between the two of them, "I'll give you a minute," she added before going behind the front desk.
Cas felt relief bloom in his chest thankful that it was actually a guy doing this, Cas really didn't want to have to break some poor girl's heart. He didn't know who it could be though, Balthazar was so sure it was Dean but how could he entertain that idea seriously?
"Are you kidding, if it means no more late nights then yes please, I'm more of an early morning person. Oh, I can't wait to be surrounded by the scents of fresh coffee and bread."
"Don't worry, I intend to keep it to a two people maximum," said Cas with that look in his eyes again.
He doubted Dean would take his disappearing act lying down but issuing an ultimatum seemed unfair, especially if Dean was discovering himself. Cas felt a little adrift in something he wasn't very good at himself. He knew he wanted to act, to do something especially after what doing nothing had almost cost him.
Dean nodded, "I tried myself to go slow, I don't think it's really been part of my hookups before, normally both of us were just sprinting to the finish line."
"Help? No, Cas you're the guest." it still took a moment for Dean to be sure his legs could walk, once he did he was away. Dean gently placed everything in the sink refusing to slam it like he really wanted to since Cas would hear.
"Yeah, Aunt Ruby is a blast and I love working at the bakery, actually I can get you a job there if you want."
The movie (The Secret Life of Pets) Henry had chosen to watch was a complete ploy, Dean knew it was only a matter of time before Henry would ask for a pet. It wasn't exactly subtle and Dean thought it could be discussed, knowing Sam would love a dog.
Though slightly nervous about his lunch making another reappearance due to Angel Air, having only conquered short trips so far.
The phone's ringing and he's about too hit Sam with something witty when the answer machine kicks in, only it's Cas.
"Cooking already Dean?" asked Sam helping himself to two breakfast muffins quickly passing one to Gabriel.
Dean could totally handle this, Cas had been here plenty of times hell he'd even attended the official meet and greet Gabriel had with their parents when he and Sam became a thing. They'd even been tipsy together on past sleepovers since his parents were okay with them drinking at home.
A week later had confirmed that Gabriel was the King of Pie, he and Henry had devoured the caramel pecan and he'd only just managed to save the last slice of the marzipan one to share, his team were absolute vultures. Luckily the third was safe in the freezer and he was planning to take Henry to the bakery at the weekend, the kid had been begging him.
Once a slice was set in front of him, Dean looked at it in reverence for it was pie made by Cas for him. He hoped it wouldn't be the last either.
"So Dean did you give Kevin a job yet?" Sam's question had him looking away from Cas, finding Kevin looking really uncomfortable. How long had he been staring at Cas for?
"I'm hot is all." yeah because Cas is half naked and being all competent. What the fuck? Dean knew it was best to keep that to himself lest Sam get any ideas.
"Uh right, why don't you get everything out and I'll be uh right back," without waiting for a response Gabriel flew from the kitchen and Sam for a second time.
"Why Sammy, did you forget your nephew?" Gabriel was looking forward to it, Henry was such a great kid and he had loads planned.
"Can you direct me to Moondoor? he asked it was the name of a Graphic Novel she was currently working on, her first solo project contributing both the art and writing.
And it was possible that Cas had changed his mind, and Dean would be left heartbroken. That could still be the case, he'd had no messages so what did he do? Call Cas himself or was that too pushy?
Pushing away the memory of his and Gabriel's late night come early morning chat, Dean engaged with his brother.
"That's a great idea Dean," announces Sam before turning to Cas."You really should let him Cas, it's no trouble. I can take these rebels to the pizza place and call Inias' parents." Sam smiled at them like butter wouldn't melt.
"He's pretty growly right now," Gabriel rolled his eyes, "Hasn't been able to do anything all afternoon," God newbies!
Cas shifted a little, his thinking face engaged, "Oh, like some gang initiation, is she shedding her old alliances?"
The sound of the cafeteria came back louder than before, leaving Dean dreading his afternoon classes.
The garden was finally finished and it looked beautiful, it was filled with color and really cool plants. Dean had no doubt the neighbors would be asking for Cas' information. Something he's more than happy to give. Dean was just inside the house after taking the empty glasses back into the kitchen gardening was thirsty work. Sammy had retreated upstairs a while ago to beautify himself. Dean was on his way outside as Henry started a conversation with Cas, his curiosity won the battle forcing him to stay put.
"Let me think about it," Charlie nodded knowing not to push any further. He did really want to go knowing all that was stopping him was his anxiety, deciding to escape his head Cas returned to his book eager to finish.
"Devious, Cas I like him." Dean couldn't stop the smile spreading over his face if he tried, it lasted all of two seconds as Sam came out of the bathroom. Couldn't he catch a break, God what if Sam and Gabriel hated each other?
"If you want to draw a cartoon you strangling my brother I won't have a problem with that." deadpanned Cas causing Dean to break out into laughs.
Yep, still the same. Trying again he types: I think I like boys and girls. Oh, that's a lot of hits, setting down Dean reads up on bisexuality.
"It's nice to meet you, Charlie, I enjoyed those pictures you took of everyone for Henry with the cactus," he tells her and Charlie looks at him and Dean and he knows whatever she's about to say will be inappropriate so he gets in first.
"It's sweet and you'll get no further information out of me, so you'd better walk me around this garden." Dean jumped from his seat, finding this commanding Cas very interesting.
Angels loved everything to do with it being the most talked about Holiday that it reached their ears, the good and the bad.
"Hilarious Dean, I really enjoyed today. I think I'd like to come to the barbeque,." he spoke shyly as Dean tried to remain calm.
"God, you're precious." Dean glares at Charlie he doesn't want the kid scared off before he starts working for him. He kind of agrees with her though, the kid is
"Fine, we'll go," acquiesced Dean turning to head off when a thought occured to him, "Say Charlie, do you know what's on offer for Lunch?" he asked ignoring Sam's scoff.
"Thank you, Dean, I'll try it at breakfast tomorrow," said Cas coming over to kiss his cheek, Dean was all of the sudden doing the math he was on the only one without a gift so far which means, "Gabriel,"
Thanks, Cas, um why do you have so much food?" Henry takes a bite his eyes going wide presumably at how good it is. "Daddy, try one, you must." Cas laughs at Henry's imploring tone.
"Here we go." Dean opens his eyes to Cas setting a tray down with two cups of delicious smelling coffee and what looks like two slices of pie. "Eat the pie Dean, you looked like you were going to fall over."
"Dean, I'm gonna go home." Dean feels surprised by how much this bothers him, Cas has been such a big part of today that it would be weird without him.
"Ooh, are you calling with gossip? Hit me, nothing much is happening here." Charlie works the reception and also manages their computer operations because she's a whiz that often does freelance top-secret computering. So she says, Dean believes it knowing she has mad skills.
"Yours definitely, if these are anything like the last one you made I'll be back. Sam took ages to tell me where this place was, he's locked down tighter than the new Star Wars Movie."
"What's with more burgers anyway? Dean, there are other meats you know for example my Cajun lamb." he teases.
Dean was fully regretting his decision to handle the food, or at least the shopping part anyway. This morning he'd called Cas down to get everything they needed for the big day, even writing out a meticulous list.
“He didn’t,” whispered Sam “but Dean and I want to be different so we thought you could help us have our first Christmas together,”
"Let me guess you thought Gabriel would spill the beans," Dean nodded and just like that they were laughing together.
"Sammy, I've got everything I need for Cas, wanna see?" plonking his bags down on the coffee table Dean took the chair opposite the couch, only for Sam to jump up again quicker than the first time.
"His name is Zachariah Milton." Cas let out a breath, one that seemed long-held, perhaps even longer than just tonight. Dean turned to find him swaying, moving quickly before his legs buckled Dean reached out for him.
"No shopping?" Gabriel smirked at him moving closer so he could plant a quick kiss on his lips before burying his face in Sam's neck, peppering it with more kisses, Sam whimpered hoping the secret wouldn't spill. "God, Baby you smell so good."
"Yeah, I'm sorry for um, keeping my distance," replied Dean unsurprised that his hand was already on his neck.
He often believes that taking care of his brother paired with the closeness they shared is what gave him the strength to flea and confess.
Growing up Dean remained the perfectly dutiful son, obeying his father and looking after Sammy, however, he still remembered the stories about angels his Mother told him before bed.
"Traitors, the both you." Dean says it because its expected, the words feel hollow completely lacking jollity. The whole suggestion makes him want to throw or hit something.
"My father found out he wasn't really my Dad, you know biologically. With that bit of information he ditched me at my Aunts and took off, I haven't heard a peep from him since." Meg delivered the news in a very monotone voice taking a sip of coffee once she was done.
Having been his normal nosy self on the flight Gabriel had learned Sam was coming to Vegas specifically for this as part of his Birthday, keeping quiet about the fact that Cassie was Sam's favorite author had been hard work.
"I've got you covered," Dean followed him wishing they could start now so Cas could stay. Only worked loomed over the horizon, adulting sucked. Opening the door Cas quickly turned to face him.
Baking bread was his new love, the combined aroma of fresh bread and coffee was heavenly also making up with lost time with Meg was an added bonus. Occasionally he had to wrangle Gabriel out from under his feet, though never on a Saturday (Gabriel's prime sleeping time) weirdly his brother always had cash but no job as far as he knew, honestly he didn't want to know more at this point.
Wow, surely it was too early to be thinking about that. Shuffling his head Gabriel was happy to notice Cassie behind Sam, dressed in tight jeans but a looser t-shirt, guess one out of two wasn't bad.
"Same here, Dean I think something's going on with Cas?" Dean felt the heaviness of too much pie turn into a load of butterflies, what could be wrong with Cas?"
"Benny, lunch is over, you finished on that pick-up yet?" he asked knowing his tone was far from his usual, he couldn't even look at Cas feeling like this. Like he wanted to hit one of his best friends.
Dean felt a little confused as the man - Gabriel unashamedly ran his eyes over his body leeringly as if he was checking out the goods. Soon after Gabriel headed to the back, Dean assumed to get the pie.
Oh, wow! Cas hadn't been out for like a week? And now he wanted Dean to help him get back into the swing of things. The request had him desperate to puff out his chest in pride, what was happening to him?
"It's just Henry, you made quite the impression." answers Sam smiling. "Right Dean?" he looks over questioningly as if expecting him to talk, can't he tell Dean is having some serious issues right now. But why? He's hardly known for being shy, this isn't him.
It didn't matter, he wasn't going to half-ass this because Cas might have - dare he believe it - feelings. He needed to keep a straight (haha) head, besides he wasn't going to use Cas' quasi-emotions against him.
"At the end, besides I got word all the parts for your pimpmobile are in, so when are you free to fix it up?"
Sam watched in amusement as Kevin (going by his badge) leaned over the counter to get a look at Henry. "Uh yeah, he's outside." Henry beamed at him.
"Henry! What are you doing out of bed?" he asked pulling him up to sit before wrapping him a blanket, the act makes him realize how cold he is.
"No, I'm not going to be good company tonight, I'll just fix myself something here or order some pizza." answered Dean, the decision made clear when John handed him a twenty.
"God, your getting heavy." Once they're settled, Dean becomes aware of Cas: how much closer he is, the familiar scent of his cologne, and sitting with their thighs wedged together. It brings back that swoopy feeling in his stomach. "So what did you do this afternoon?" he asks as a distraction.
"Only like the best ever, this place is awesome and Mr Bumble is so cool and funny." rushed Henry excitedly, Dean just felt sorry that someone was called Bumble, no wonder this place seemed to have a bee theme. "Mr Bumble said he'd help me but he had to go." he offered forlornly.
"How are you?" Cas shrugged his shoulders, "Probably sick of questions, no doubt." Dean awkwardly rubbed his neck, God he was an idiot. "Sam and Henry are here, they'll sit with you while I'm away. You don't have to talk or anything." smiling Dean went to squeeze Cas' shoulder only to think better of it at the last moment, "Cas, I might not know the whole story yet, but I know none of it is your fault try to remember that." added Dean before walking away.
Dean trudged into the cafeteria, grabbing a soda and a few slices of pizza while doing his best to ignore the bright lights and noise. Lunchtime should be quiet time.
Dean smiles watching in wait as Cas takes one, Dean enjoys making food for people, for a while, it was the only thing he could do for Sammy. He was barely old enough to work the stove but he was far from able to get them away from John.
"Gabriel took the last bag," Cas moved running to help her, "Charlie are you sure you need this much?" he asked.
He loved that smile and needed the chance to see it again. He made it to Hive in record time, after tonight he was going to reprimand Cas hard about working so late.
"Sammy's right, it lacks complete imagination. The sender was probably expecting you to scream and drop it for extra laughs." Gabriel rolled his eyes in emphasis.
Cas focused his blue eyes on Dean before looking back Henry, knowing full well the kid understood surprises were a secret (thanks to the surprise gnome) he didn't buy it.
The message sent and Dean regretted it instantly, why was he constantly reaching out to the other man? It took less than a minute for his phone to buzz.
"Why?" he asks slightly glaring at Balthazar, while Gabriel and Sam have become seemingly interested in the table.
What was the other option, talking? Dean did better with actions, and he really wanted to kiss Cas again.
Once their packages were safely ensconced in their room, Dean headed back down having left Sam to get their food. Since it was sunny they had decided to eat outside knowing the theme Mos Eisley Cantina would be packed and awkward to navigate especially through the many costumes.
“Sam!” up jumps Castiel (unaware he’s giving the game away) his cute leg warmers grouping around his ankles, Gabriel smirks at Dean’s adoring face, scoffing when it morphs into lust as Cas bends over to pluck a small rectangular gift from under the tree passing it to Sam.
"It's no problem Cas, I'm glad I didn't oversell it and it's to your liking." what the hell was that? Taking a breath Dean set his burger down, Cas did the same before they regarded each other calmly their hunger and excitement somewhat eased.
"Totally and Cassie refuses to sit next to me while traveling, he doesn't even trust me to sit behind him," he said throwing a wink at Sam.
"Is he likely to come down?" asked Dean not really listening as he was already sure of the answer. Woah, did Cas say he could take the pie? Dean tried his best not to look happy but free pie had that effect, also it made him really tactile because he was hugging Cas, again.
"My apologies, I have a little time before my own panel but I would like to return this to you," informed Cas looking regretful as he held out Dean's sketchbook in front of him.
The next morning was surprisingly a relaxed affair, no-one was rushing around late for school or work. It was perfect until (in Dean's opinion) Sam decided to open his mouth.
"It was still totally worth it," protested Gabriel, the resounding grumbles from his partners in crime seemed far from agreeable.
Stop it, Winchester, he didn't want these thoughts any of them, weird shower thoughts included. He wasn't yearning for Cas or jealous of that burger - that second one was just too weird for a start. Having had enough of his brain and feelings he took hold of his own burger and took a bite.
"Of course not, Cas enjoyed the Roadhouse so we're trying a nightly excursion. Why would you think otherwise?" no doubt because his brother was too fucking observant.
"Might as well, trust me you don't want Sammy taking root he'll eat you out of house and home," said Dean in no way to aid himself in getting whatever treats Gabriel had made.
Dean poured himself more coffee commenting "I'm really glad you made it Cas, Sam said you weren't sure earlier," hopefully Cas didn't think he was speaking weirdly, was this for the best? He thought so knowing all the glances from the others would make him more nervous.
"You know you left your phone downstairs, I was going to give it to you." Cas checked his bed only to find nothing, certainly no cell phone. Glancing at his brother, Gabriel sprang out of the room running down the stairs.
"You lost something Dean?" he queried unable to help himself. After their illuminating phone call, Sam found his behavior pretty telling.
"Dean's brother is the stud muffin!" shouted Cas, the way they were looking at each other had Dean thinking lunch would now be a table for two. Eww.
A sudden moan pulls Dean out of his head, oh fuck, the worries about Cas liking his food are gone at least. Now he's more worried about what reactions those noises are going to do to him. "Shall we watch the game?"
Without words he was soon ensconced in the dark janitor's cupboard, the light flickering on to reveal Gabriel stood in front of the door looking fiery and oh so hot. No way was Sam getting out of this, it was all Dean's fault.
"You can't tell him, Sammy promise me?" lifting his hand for a pinkie swear that Sam accepts. "Not even Gabriel." Sam looks forlorn at that but still agrees.
That night Dean had taken Cas home from the police station, the drive had been quiet each lost to his own thoughts only the noise of the Impala between them for Dean it settled him like always.
"I do have a ticket for you." the sentence was directed at his feet, Dean feels all bashful his hand immediately moving to his neck. Maybe Cas doesn't even want to go, he could hate children's films. Gathering his courage he finally meets Cas' eyes. He looks elated causing Dean to feel all squishy, and that's not normally a word in his vocabulary.
"Cas that's not silly, it sucks though." he hopes he sounds considerate and not patronizing, he knows his brother would have the right words - the bitch. The small smile Cas sends his way has Dean believing he did okay. "Would you like to do go someplace else?"
Dean was loading the dishwasher when Sam came home, turning around he watched Sam place a box on the table, what looked to be a pie box.
"Mr Bumble!" Henry exclaimed on seeing the man headed their way. Sam moved Henry to the side away from the door.
Dean had been tying himself up in knots the entire evening, he wanted to run something by Sam. Only he couldn't get the words past his tongue. It hadn't been too bad at first since he couldn't bring it up in front of Henry, it could be ignored. However, Henry had been in bed for over an hour and he still couldn't get the words out.
"I'm starved, did you get my burger?" he asks taking a seat next to Sam whose response is to roll his eyes as Charlie presents him with a tray.
If only Cas thought so too, it's just he feels so guilty about all the sexy thoughts he's having, Christ Dean's only twenty-four (a young twenty-four) and Cas is past thirty.
Dean smiled at that and the nods of agreement filling the room, "Lately I've been feeling like  I don't want to be a car mechanic for the rest of my life."
Smiling Cas took his hand, "Well whenever you feel ready I'm sure that can be remedied, may I suggest a kiss to start?" Dean smiled back feeling cared for and so happy.
"I'm really glad you're here, Dean, it's good to see you," she told him once she'd calmed enough to form words. "Please tell me you brought your sketchbook?"
"I knew it, you have no clue. Dean that night when you were screaming down the phone you called Cas, Angel."
"Are you sure? There's always room for you Cas?" the smile he gets in response brings the swoopy feeling back.
"Yet bet, Dean-o," shouted Gabriel pulling something small and wrapped in blue from his pocket before throwing it Dean's way.
"A guilty one along with the one that makes me think someone kicked your puppy, you know the one you don't have." Maybe he should discuss things, he really doesn't give Gabriel enough credit, with important things he's not half bad.
Fuck, this was so hot, Dean was hard, as Cas starting kissing his neck Dean's hips jerked brushing his cock against Cas' own. Dean had figured it would be enough to freak him out, only it didn't he just wanted more, Christ it had been so long since he'd felt anything like this, too long.
"Can I get you a drink?" Dean rubs his neck unconsciously before adding, "I don't have any beer, is coke okay?" Cas nods moving towards the couch as Dean heads to the kitchen.
"I think that name is taken, but maybe we could have a vote or something." Henry nodded at that idea so he guessed it was a good one.
Sam arrived clutching his favorite book (nerd) by James Novak, "Dean, you'll never guess!" he said completely forgetting his manners by not introducing himself to Charlie, this was behavior very unlike Sam.
"I've got a couple of hours, the boss sent us all home." the fact that Sam's not giving much, means the case is bad. He's extremely proud of his little brother, but he has no idea how Sam handles the shit he encounters on a regular basis. Being a child advocate lawyer seems like hell to him, but he tries to be supportive as much as he can. Plus he knows any kid is lucky to get Sam in their corner.
Feeling too eager to be gentle he rips open the paper, his love of books forever growing. Placing each book down on the table Cas regarded them closely, there were three in total and luckily he hadn't read a single one of them.
It's only now he's realizing how long it's been, he hasn't dated for a while or even hooked up with anyone himself included. Its odd behavior for him, he's normally someone rushing toward the finish line never once taking the scenic route.
"No the opposite, you've had a delivery," she answered, this time her eyes were twinkling in delight normally that signaled bad omens.
Gabriel got out of bed knowing lying there any longer when Sam was getting all soapy wasn't going to help. Mentally telling his dick to calm down he pulled on his sleep pants and an old t-shirt before running downstairs in search of Cas, finding in the utility room.
"He was suggestive from the start with every one of the staff, Cas didn't want anyone in that position so he took over dealing with the deliveries himself. This lead to lewd phone calls when he was drunk, texts and gifts. It really did a number on him so much that at times he couldn't stop checking his phone. We should have done something sooner, Cas thought it would all go away and I hoped it would."
With Sam's help, the garden had already been removed of all weeds and was ready for its new burst of life.
"Yeah, let me grab a seat for this Dean. I need to hear you get descriptive about a plant I think green is a good place to start." Dean flips him off feeling a cushion is too severe after their apologies and Sam's warning about Cas.
Hopping out of his hated yet child appropriate car, Dean makes his way over to the glass structure. The first rays of sun hitting it as he approaches. It looks and feels welcoming, for the first time he takes particular notice of the sign high above the sliding doors.
And just like the time before when Cas' tongue seeks entry into Dean's mouth he yielded, a whimper escaping his mouth at the same time as he gave himself over to Cas' touch, his scent, allowing sounds he's never made before or at least never let loose, free.
"Of course Dean, I'd like that." Cas smiled at him once again, before turning back to look at the darkening sky.
“Want to start without them?" asks Dean watching as Cas nods before looking guiltily toward the kitchen, "Did they get any lights?" tempts Dean again only this time successfully as Cas bounds over with several different options.
"What, God no Cas, it's nothing I haven't done myself. Remember I told you Sam and I were pretty into it when we were teenagers, there's always a line though." mainly that Baby couldn't get touched and neither could Sam's hair stuff.
"Thank you, Dean," says Cas taking a much longed for sip, "Have you seen the others in there?" asked Cas gesturing back to the lounge.
Waiting a minute to get his breath back and control of his heart he follows, Cas' apartment is larger and comes with a balcony. He had wondered why Cas was living here considering his job, the answer had been simply because he likes it.
"Cas is great okay, I really like him, Bobby," Dean admits and it feels good but also means he needs more pizza.
Shaking his head once again at his brother's antics Cas remembered the stickers. Reaching for them he found a cute little bee with rainbow stripes and a circular save the bees sticker. Both were extremely apt, placing them with the scroll he read the last clue.
"No, Dean we're all good for Saturday I just wanted to know if Henry had a favorite candy. I've got him a present but everyone should get candy on their birthday." Dean sat back down immediately warmed that Cas was so thoughtful, not content with helping out with the garden practically for free he was getting the kid a gift.
The drive is quiet, peppered only with Cas' directions. Dean isn't really sure what he expected from Cas' home but it's both surprising and apt. It's a little out of town and big.
"Of course Cas, what do we need to do?" Dean was met with a worrying silence, "How big is the problem?"
They'd parted, Dean having refrained from food for three hours before the flight felt like is stomach was eating his body. He'd quickly dragged Sam to the first place they found open, neither had mentioned the flight or the brothers. Of course, Sam didn't need to since Dean could tell how smitten he was already, Gabriel was his brother's type to the maximum.
They'd left Missouri's not long after eating, with another quick walk around the garden, Dean stopping to take a few pictures of the Angel's Trumpets. Cas had been kind enough to offer to get one, it was something he was mulling over as he pulled into Cas' driveway.
Only it would pull the gardener more into their lives, it surprised Dean how much he wanted that. Scrolling past Cas' name stopping instead at the number for Hive's business line, not wanting to disturb the man if he wasn't working today.
The empty car lot meant he'd beat the cops, and he sure as hell wasn't waiting for them. Stepping through the door that the intruder had breached, Dean's shoes crunched loudly on broken glass. From their phone call, he knew Cas was in his office, knowing he would have been smart enough to stay there Dean headed in that direction.
Behind the table was a redheaded lady dressed as an elf, "Back again Sugar, why you just can't keep away huh?" she asked smiling.
"Yes, absolutely," agreed Cas as Dean decided to bake up a batch of red velvet cupcakes with green frosting.
Pushing away thoughts of everything going wrong again Dean rang the doorbell, for once he was going to get it right. As the door began opening he found himself unable to wait a moment longer quickly blurting out, "I'm sorry for kissing you!"
Ending a book always came with a promise of something new in whatever he next chose to read, Cas loved the feeling though sometimes sad to say goodbye to certain characters he could always return one day.
"How about another date," thankfully there were air quotes around the word date. "I'm sure it'll get Winchester's ass in gear."
Thinking hard through the haze, Dean remembered, "Sammy, I'm not scared anymore," Sam opened his eyes now looking surprised.
Castiel feels his heart or stomach (perhaps both) flip flop with emotions, this is the last gift and there's no way Cas can wait any longer to put his own plan in motion, this whole thing is coming to a head today.
Stranger still was Meg, he wasn’t privy to all what had been discussed between herself, Sam and Gabriel. Only that she refused to be part of the prank and believed it wouldn’t go ahead without her. All week at school he'd seen her mainly by herself and always working, certainly nowhere near Alistair and Lillith at times he’d noticed her with Sam, Charlie and even Gabriel. He wanted to speak to her badly but she needed to be the one to make the first move.
"Well try it!" implored Cas looking on edge, smiling Dean grabbed hold of the fork digging in quickly knowing Cas would probably wallop him one otherwise.
"Hey it's a perfectly workable vehicle, or it will be." rebutted Cas, before looking confusedly at Dean, who was on exactly the right page.
With stuffed bellies (Gabriel had eaten at least half of his candied yams rather than pie for dessert), dishes ignored and all other gifts unwrapped (old books, tech, bee things, funny t-shirts) all that was left was a round of secret Santa. Cas was once again a bubble of excitement already sporting one of his new gifts, a yellow hoodie with a cute bee on the front.
"I hoped you thanked Cas," Henry nodded while jumping up and down. "Go ahead." Dean sent a cursory glance at the others noticing they'd both relaxed somewhat. Henry was completely oblivious since he was too busy attacking the gift bag.
"You too! Dean has told me so much I feel like I know you," she smiled before looking him up and down, "Are you sure you're the little brother?" they both chuckled used to the size jokes.
"Of course and ring your brother." Dean nods waiting until she leaves before moving Cas toward his chair. He hasn't said anything for a few minutes, probably due to shock.
The place itself was large, Cas had been to a few plant exhibits in his time but nothing like this, and of course the energy in the room was different. No-one was here to buy anything, they simply came for the spectacle of seeing these beautiful cars dousted in a plenty of good lighting.
"Well let me help, any of these strike you?" Dean asks, his son shakes his head all prior enthusiasm gone. In fact, he's pretty sure Henry is only agreeing until the wonderous Mr Bumble reappears.
"Hey, don't sell yourself short, Sam and I often worry about the outcome if you two pooled your resources," informed Cas watching Dean's cheeks color.
"Daddy he means the red one." pointing his hand to Cas, Dean now saw him pulling a plant from its pot, a plant with clusters of red flowers. Dean felt like an idiot, and suddenly Sam who had been watching this catastrophe spoke up.
"No worries, I'll be there once I defeat all here," said Gabriel followed by a loud squeal and the line going dead.
"Well you're the one who told Henry everyone was connected to them, you weren't lying now were you Cas?" Dean sent a smirk at the gardener.
A few words were whispered too low for Dean to make out, Alfie bounded off leaving Dean wondering what the hell was going on. He'd given Cas three books sent together because gift wrapping sucked. Feeling a little dazed Dean watched Cas regard the item with confusion before shrugging it off and moving to unwrap it, the action causing Dean to move closer.
"Well have you heard different from anyone else other than that stupid brain of yours?" posed Bobby.
"That's all of it Dean, there's nothing more back here," she said reading him already. Nodding he grabbed the bag to take a peek inside finding two (yes) perfect little pies. "We got you apple and peach," added Charlie.
"Yeah, I'm just hanging out here today." great now he sounded like some kind of loser without friends. "What do you do?"
Truth be told, he hadn't exactly been keeping his distance from Cas, they'd kind of been texting. It seemed Henry always had some new question or idea he wanted to run through with the man. Dean always texted first to make sure Cas was okay to be pestered by a six-year-old, and not in a bad mood or too busy.
Dean’s blush alerted Cas to the fact that Gabriel wasn’t the only one hiding, “Are you keeping secrets too?” He asked causing everyone to laugh over current events, luckily it helped break the tension.
"A stone oven? Why the hell aren't you guys doing takeaway?" asked Gabriel either offended by the lack of good business acumen or that Cas couldn't bring him pizza from work, probably both.
Scowling slightly, Dean opened the box the sweet scent of pastry and fruit greeted him. "Why are you bringing me pie?" he asked moving to grab three plates, once they were on the table along with a knife he reached for the walkie-talkie Sam hadn't noticed before now.
Heading over to his underwear drawer, Dean rummages for the familiar feel of his boxer briefs when his hand finds something softer. He snags it pulling it out of the drawer and towards him for closer inspection.
Only it wasn't meant to go down like this remembering the conversation with Charlie at the coffee shop, he never imagined his gift- giving would lead to bullying.
"Hey Cas, I just met your brother. I must say that was one of the weirdest healthy eating establishments I've ever seen." he smiled.
"Cher, my what a lovely surprise!" even for Benny that was laying it on a little thick, looking Dean found his (supposed) friend speaking to Cas.
"Smiling Dean gets up, "Of course my Queen," he answers throwing in a little bow. Dean loves how goofy he can be with Charlie without any of that dudebro shit.
It wasn't long before Sam walked over to him, "Cas' employee is going back to work." Sam didn't say anything else going back to Henry to wave goodbye at the departing van. Employee? Dean could believe that, but it wasn't proof there wasn't anything afoot.
"As if I could get him to talk! But my Sammy, he'll be putty in my hands, in fact, I've got the perfect plan." Gabriel didn't wait for a response before dashing off.
Dean had been watching the bakery for a little over half an hour, customers had come walking out with boxes in a host of bright colors - not a shade of pastel to be seen - and smiles on their faces.
"Nah, you had that look." looking more closely Cas could see that Gabriel wasn't as shining as he normally was, taking pity on his brother he gestured to the chair across from him.
"Wow, Mom you look amazing," said Dean the others quickly adding their own words, John moving quickly to kiss her on the cheek.
"I wanted to do it on his birthday, with a cinema trip afterward. I was set to get everything from Hive, with your advice only Henry wants you to come. His birthday is April 22nd, I'll pay for your time."
"I did Dean, we'll head off in search of adventure. You can call me when you're done," he suggests. Dean nods his agreement bending down to give a quick kiss to Henry before driving off in the Impala.
Strictly speaking, they were waiting on Cas, this had nothing to do with why Dean was strategically in the kitchen so what if it was closer to the front door (doubtful that Cas would come through to the back first) he had actual things to check on. The sound of the bell had nervousness shooting up his spine. Would Cas like his friends? Would Charlie chase him away with over-friendliness? He was over thinking this too much but he couldn't help himself.
Okay, he needed a plan, or battle stations, something! He couldn't call for advice so the only option was to get up and hope Cas didn't wake. Taking a breath he pulled himself away from the delicious scent (what the hell product was he using, the guy smelled like a fucking cookie) thinking he'd gotten away with it.
"It already is a lost cause, Dean's straight, besides he's my friend." this time Bal rolled his eyes, giving Cas the impression he was being mocked.
His feelings toward the other man keep yo-yo-ing between denial and acceptance. Remembering his Father certainly helps, besides he's in no way good enough for Cas.
Outside the sky was darkening, checking his watch Dean found he had half an hour of dread to get through. He shifted slightly on his chair hoping to find a less uncomfortable position without any luck. He could do this, the flight was only three hours, deep breaths were his friend or some shit. Topeka airport was still humming with people even as the clock got closer to nine.
Sorry it took so long but I couldn't decide what to put in the box or if it should be open at all. Probably only one full chapter left and then a little one. Also this chapter mentions Benny, he's been here the whole time just not in the written sense.
"That my brother has the hots for yours, hells yeah!" screamed Gabriel, "You know what else, it's possible that Cas' brother has the hots for Dean's brother." Oops, obviously demure had left the building.
"Hey Egg, you hungry?" what the hell, could he really score another bag of Cheetos? No, it was time to be serious and help his Uncle Sam as his Daddy would.
Perhaps he could just leave, he could have changed his mind. Would that look weird? Deciding to go for it he readies himself to walk out when all of a sudden Cas is walking toward him holding an empty cup.
His one good fortune, there was no sign of the stupidly named Brit. What he had noticed though was the table was in absolute silence, hopefully, Charlie wasn't being too weird by staring at Cas or something.
Taking a steadying breath he walks the short distance until he's standing in front of Cas staring into those unreal blue eyes. "So, um hey," well that was a great start.
Shaking his head Dean replied after accepting the controller from Kevin, "My third, I'm trying to build a tolerance, but this one's giving me a buzz." he flashed a grin while selecting Luigi as Kevin chose Toad.
"Hearing that from Gabriel 'The Trickster' Novak makes me feel honoured," Cas nodded his head in agreement, normally Gabriel was up for anything, the weirder the better.
"Brothers," said Cas shaking his head but it got a giggle out of Sam and weird looks from the other two because they had no idea they were doing it.
"Nope, I've got a mission?" Cas regarded him curiously. "Sam brought home the most amazing pie the other day, the little shit won't tell me where he got it. So I'm doing the footwork, you want to come?"
"Novak," Bobby squared his eyes obviously attempting to figure something out. "Did you do up Rufus Turner's garden?" Dean notices Cas relax, in fact, he's smiling.
Cas, I hope this gift finds you well, it's given sincerely to show my affection not part of a prank or a cruel joke. There will be four more and I will give my name with the last.
"Sounds good, I hope you won't take the defeat too personally." Dean forces himself not to react, leading the way instead. Their short walk filled with the aroma that coaxed noisy rumbles from their stomachs.
After sharing out a handful of fish, Henry with the most pulled out the final item from the bag, wrapped in yellow paper with sevens on. Dean couldn't believe there was more, Cas was too kind. Tearing it open revealed the Epic DVD and a book about Space.
"Can you do mine?" It was something Dean had gotten better at over time, but he still hated it choosing to put it off until Charlie glared at him.
"He told me: a sandwich, Thanos living like the BFG, selfie and flowers." Dean let out a chuckle thinking he wouldn't have picked any of those, the second one was kinda funny. "I'm only doing a fan meet tomorrow, would you like to go shopping with me?" Dean reacted quicker than his brain could stop the look of horror crossing his face, "To clarify I'm shopping for comics, I catch up after finishing a book."
It's scary, actually, it's fucking terrifying but he wants to do it, in fact, it has to be now or he never will. Pulling back from under the bonnet Dean walks away heading to Bobby's office, luckily (or maybe it's a sign) Charlie is on the phone meaning he can escape her pep talk or whatever.
"Yep, we're doing a blind taste test, your burgers will be served with a white napkin mine with black. Come up to the grill so I can introduce you to Benny and Victor so we can lay down the rules."
Closing his eyes to battle a yawn Dean was glad to see no sign of Sam, "I feel all sleepy, is that normal?"
"I'm not going to tell you, but it'll be quiet and I think you'll really love it. Can you trust me, Cas?" he nodded flashing Dean's favorite smile.
"Oh, shit, must have left it in my room when I got my jacket," informed Charlie before getting very closely acquainted with her fries.
"I know you're turned on and yet won't be joining me in the shower," smirked Sam, oh shit that was a fucking backfire, sometimes big brother responsibilities were the worst.
Dean was currently eating lunch in the break room, too busy enjoying his leftover lasagne to hear the reception door open along with its usual alerting buzz. Benny soon got his attention along with his blood boiling.
Smiling Sam replies "No, but you need to be quiet. Give Cas some space, he may not want a hug yet, so ask first." Henry could do that, he was sure.
"I was over at Bobby's for pizza night and we talked, he was being all hopeful and I think I caught it or something. I decided to stay the night because I was a little tipsy."
"Because it's for you silly," Gabriel told him before his eyes went wide, "Oh, what the hell happened the other night? Did he upset you?" Cas having confirmed it was indeed for him had been busy looking at the polka dot gift tag written on it in a hand he didn't recognize was: First something Sweet.
Turning his attention to the man behind the counter, only to find his view hindered by the other customer. From what he could make out the man was short which only aided to obscure everything else.
"You think he's trying to fleece you." Cas nods a mix of annoyance and upset playing across his face. "You should think about trying to find a nice mechanic." teases Dean.
"Sweet, here take my card," Dean passed it over, "Call me when you can drop it over, or will it need towing?"
The sight made Dean feel weird, really weird. All they were doing was talking, no, now Cas was laughing turning Dean's grip on the tray of pies to an iron one. He didn't want to be possessive of Cas or anything he wasn't
"I glanced," replied Dean, opening the back door for Cas to get out only to be pulled in, "Cas! What the hell?"
"Let us," offered Sam, Gabriel nodded finally releasing Cas to sit down. Dean wished he could reassure Cas but he couldn't think of anything clever to say, Dean was beyond freaked out at how quiet he was being.
"Anyway, eventually we decided to place a complaint with the company, turns out he had previous form of this kind of behavior." what the hell thought Dean disgusted by what Gabriel was telling him. "I think he wanted to punish Cas for getting him fired, especially since he had heard about Cas from Michael."
"Oh, I told him you needed space for a bit," admitted Dean sheepishly, Henry hadn't been best pleased with it either.
Making his way to the front he shot Ruby an apologetic glance before opening the door to let Gabriel in, "What are you doing up?" asked Cas slightly flummoxed.
But it was okay if he kept that away - whatever it was - everything was normal. He and Cas were just like they always were.
"I, uh..." Dean looks at his parents before adding, "I'm sorry," his eyes finding interest in his as yet untouched pie. The sight of it highlights how horrible this lovesick thing really is, it's already got him spilling his guts and keeping him from his pie.
"He's not mine and he's worth more than being a rebound for you." Dean equally corrects and scolds as Benny holds his hands up in a placating gesture. He's fooling no one and Dean promises to keep an eye on him throughout the day.
In the blink of an eye the lights come on, TV paused, chips and beer corrected and Dean's throbbing toe felt like it had moments before the drop, perfectly fine.
Guess that should have been enough of a sign about his feelings for Cas but his brain had chosen to be obtuse about it. Go figure. Much to Dean's delight there had been no fruit or demands to draw anything else he wasn't excited about. Their teacher, Joshua was free-spirited, wanting his students to develop in their own direction.
Dean found himself at a loose end once everyone had gone having made it through the first Star Wars trilogy, Sam hadn't returned yet either. Currently, he was in his room after an extended shower since all he could smell was barbeque.
Just as long as he didn't focus on the fact that Cas was older and would surely want someone with more experience than Dean had. If he wasn't straight in the first place.
Cas was waiting in the School parking lot with his group of friends sans Sam and Alfie, after much discussion he had decided it was best to inform the principal of last week's prank and currently Alfie was giving a statement about the bullying and blackmail.
"Yeah, I was just thanking Benny for helping out with Hive," oh right of course because Cas was a decent person. Nice going Dean. "I came to see you as well," he added smiling that smile.
"Enough Cassie, I don't want cavities without the fun of eating candy, so what's the prob? You're obviously super into him." Gabriel moved to Cas' filing cabinet opening the second drawer he began to rummage.
Sharing a look with Cas he nodded his eyebrows lifting, before digging his phone out of his pocket, "Ah,"
"Actually it is rather funny," stated Cas chuckling, "Even more so when I think about you three clearing this mess up, Dean come upstairs to get cleaned." smiled Cas quickly shaking off the excess flour before walking out the door.
"All week, it's sweet yet equally annoying," sweet? Dean Winchester wasn't sweet, perhaps introducing them to each other was a bad idea, Sam with Charlie was bad enough. "Right, I'll be in the bathroom," announced Sam.
Fears assuaged, Dean stops thinking any more about it (or tries to) heading into his bedroom to change. Selecting his best jeans and a tight green Henley. Grabbing his essentials he's out the door and behind the wheel, for the quick drive to meet Cas.
Henry jolted awake, the familiar sound of the Impala pulling him from pleasant dreams. Pushing back his covers he runs to the window, catching a glimpse of his Dad's car driving away fast.
Heading through it they find a small corridor with doors on either side and one in front of them. Dean steers Henry forward until they're close enough to open it, inside they find a large staff room with comfy chairs and some staff. But no Cas that they can see.
"He has a point Dad, it would be like..." Henry trails off to look at his Uncle. "Wait what were you doing in a bakery?" Sam looked down at his feet, Dean was well versed in such a maneuver: it was shame. Knowing Sam it was something to do with his temper, their father had left him so angry, he'd worked hard to get past it, but he was still subject to falling on old habits. He was human, Dean wished he wasn't so hard on himself. He never once became violent, to anyone other than himself either pushing it back on himself or hurting his fist on the first available wall.
"What about something for his car," asked Charlie all sweetness and smiles. God, did she just butter him up with a donut? It was no secret that Dean hated Cas' car it was a 1978 Lincoln Continental or a fucking pimpmobile as Dean had taken to calling it. "It sure would mean a lot, Dean."
"Well you must have made a quick impression, just talk to him Dean, bring him tonight." after waving at Cas she sauntered off.
"I don't know, I only figured out how I was feeling today and..." Dean can't help how his eyes flicker to John making it obvious whose reaction he was really worried about.
"I've been holed up finishing my book, earlier at my stand I had a sign, luckily I have very considerate fans plus I've been off social media, to be honest, my biggest worry was Gabriel."
"This morning I was still keyed up, so I went over to his place. I couldn't get the words out Sammy, it was those stupid blue eyes they're just so beautiful. I...uh Sammy, I kissed him."
"Hey, you tricked me!" Cas just winks at him before heading over to the counter, while a huffing Dean goes to sit on the couch. And boy it was a good couch, closing his eyes to enjoy the comfort and feeling of being off his feet.
"Not until my teens, let's just say it was a form of solace through a rough time." Cas looked surprised at his own words as if he really didn't mean to divulge so much. He regarded Sam closely as expecting a barrage of questions.
"Gabriel got us here to our Grandfather's, I didn't really have any memories of him. He and our Mom had a huge falling out when I was little, it was about our Dad. I was so scared Dean, and we were so lucky to find him."
"Dessert?" asked the waitress, Cas shook his head a cute happy smile plastered over his face. The pictures had been a great hit and Cas seemed excited to learn about everyone (Dean really hoped so anyway). Dean got up returning to his original seat ignoring how cold his body felt away from Cas.
He didn't know if it was a good idea or not to text Cas, only he'd felt really disappointed earlier and he wanted to acknowledge that. He didn't want Cas to think he was avoiding him or anything. God his feelings were all over the place lately. But why?
"I don't know, Gabriel kind of bit my head off a little and he said something like Cas had been having a hard time of it."
Dean steals a glance his watch before pulling into a parking space, after some more than careless driving he'd managed to claw back some time. Having forgotten it was the day of Henry's field trip, finding himself halfway to the school before realising.
"Sammy, tell your new boyfriend to butt out," Dean watched his brother blush (again) his eyes closing for reasons Dean couldn't fathom. Anyway he was getting off track (thanks to Gabriel) he had been trying to tell Sam something, something important, what was it?
Checking his cell he finds a Twitter notification, he sort of had a Twitter friendship with the lady in question, the message read:
guy. But he wanted those smiles and laughs for himself, he was really getting sick of these twisting emotions towards Cas.
Cas looked at Dean then down at his jello before facing Dean again, "This was meant to be for you, only it was so good, we can get more," enthused Cas grabbing Dean arm over to a table covered in different color jello samples.
"What time did you say they'd be here?" Dean turned to find Sam laid back on the sofa, the picture of relaxation. Currently, he wasn't exhibiting any signs of running but Dean had to be prepared, oh he would pounce if need be.
It wasn't the kiss messing him up exactly having wanted it for probably longer than he'd care to admit. More he was troubled by his own history and feelings of not being good enough for Cas.
"Isn't that my job?" ventured Dean sure he heard Cas mutter something about hetero-normative relationships paired with a few swear words.
"Gabriel probably roped him into it," offered Charlie causing both Winchesters to turn their heads faster than recommended.
"No, because he's terrifying, some of his mail was in my box." God, he was so pathetic, so much for his new start. Dean moved away from the window to stretch out on the couch. Preparing himself for some rallying words from Sam.
Dean's about to follow her when he spots a car coming toward his driveway, it's Cas and Kevin in a gold 1978 Lincoln Continental. The thing is a pimpmobile, he watches as they get out Cas carrying a cooler and Kevin a small Tupperware box.
"Alright I can admit Gabriel can fucking cook but how is he with desserts?" Dean watched Sam and Charlie share a look, one that showed zero surprise.
Surging forward he grabs the guy by his shoulder yanking him away, he's not careful about the amount of force he uses. Rather enjoying the hiss of surprise and pain, for whatever reason Dean wasn't expecting to find an older, overweight balding man.
Another gift, Cas felt with certainty that books resided within, "Thank you," Cas took the package over to Sam noticing the others sudden disinterest in their books, for a moment he felt certain he saw a look of apprehension flash across Meg's face.
Gabriel woke up feeling very warm, normally in the mornings he was a little chilly having kicked the covers away during the night. Focusing more he noticed the cover was pushed further down his body than when he'd gone to sleep.
They walk around Dean trying his best to help: mainly pointing at colourful plants hoping one will be right. He fails. Turning around to survey the place, hoping to discover something for his discerning child. An extremely deep voice breaks the silence.
On his return outside he was met with a shocking scene, the sun hadn't let up and it seemed Sam and Cas had both decided to take their t-shirts off. Obviously, it wasn't too outlandish a move and he'd seen Sam in worse states of undress. Cas, however, was different the sight of all that golden skin of display was doing things to him. Muscles rippling as he broke the earth, the three of them were talking yet he caught nothing of the conversation his focus completely mesmerized by the man in front of him, and the quiet power of his body.
The markets were so much bigger than he'd expected, filled with stalls and the aroma of cooking food. The whole place was lit up with more lights than he could count, it was beautiful.
"Gabriel went to pick Cas up, he's coming here." Dean got the words out believing the panic was beginning to sober him up.
Covertly he learned when Cas was next off work, being smart enough to ask someone other than Gabriel. Earlier while getting ready for the day that would take his life somewhere he never thought he'd have the courage to face, his hand snagged on soft lacy fabric once more.
"Charlie you're a genius." he told her grabbing all necessary items and running out the door to his baby, all the while ignoring her demands that geniuses deserve pay rises.
"I see traveling hasn't improved your humor," he commented. "Henry is all about plants these days, Cas is responsible for the garden you can talk to him about it later."
He'd kept a good distance to avoid being seen only it meant he couldn't hear a word being said. Which basically was torture, now he had no choice to walk to his usual table, a table that was already hosting, Charlie, Ash, Sammy, Gabriel and Cas.
"Can we sit down?" he asked, Castiel nodded this time. Walking them over to a bench, once they were comfortable Dean continued. "My Mom died when I was four, it's not something I'm good at talking about or feeling".
Thanks, Cas, I really needed that." Cas smiled walking away to his station, currently, he was working with clay on a huge angel sculpture, figuring he could draw a celestial being Dean selected a black pencil for wings.
The panties are probably ruined meaning he definitely needs some more, he should feel more worried that he just came to thoughts of Cas, only he's to blissed out to care.
"Yeah, if you want diabetes," Sammy was such a party pooper but this time Dean wasn't going to respond knowing his brother was attempting to distract him. Seemingly taking pity Dean watched as Sam swapped their cups over, God, what the hell did Sammy have in that cup? "It's just black coffee, I swear." taking the smallest of sips Dean was pleased to find his brother was telling the truth.
"Yeah I wasn't sure but I had a weird night?" Dean locked eyes with Cas, green to blue, so far Cas hadn't mentioned anything to Dean about the gifts. Were they bothering him? If Cas was starting to freak out about it Dean would bare all now.
It was weird that he and Sam had independently become involved with both brothers and were crushing hard. No, Sam was the one with the crush, he was neither involved or crushing on Cas. He was in friendship with Cas that was all. He just had to remind himself of that and not let his mind wander on any thoughts or actions he may have had or done. If life was easy he'd have no problem, yeah right.
Wild black hair, eyes so blue and a good body a far as Dean could tell. Why did this have to happen now?
"Now this I have to see, let me know when to turn up and if I can bring anything." Dean nods, Cas lingers a little as they look at each other before exiting the car with a wave.
"Yes you can, I've given Mary the heads up, I've got two packs of that trail mix you love and tickets to that nature documentary." Dean watched as a huge smile made itself clear on Sam's face, at times he may not like Gabriel and him and Sam were like chalk and cheese but he was grateful how much he understood his brother. It was good to see because Sammy deserved it.
"Man, they're too sweet it hurts, though I have to say Gabriel is much improved while unconscious," commented Dean before realizing whom he was talking to. "Uh sorry Cas..."
"Beautiful? Don't be stupid Cas." that had been the wrong thing to say because suddenly Cas was stood in front on him pulling him up.
"Plus, it's a weekend thing, John and Mary aren't back til Sunday night so we'll need the sustenance," added Kevin.
"I'll take the pecan, rhubarb and the marzipan." Gabriel smiled hopefully at his good sense and not his lack of control. He would take one home, freeze one and the other could go to work with him. That way he could send some business Gabriel's way.
"Hey!" Dean is about to state how cool he is when something sinks in. "Wait, Rufus gardens?" he asks incredulously
He didn't know much about the nursery - anything that came in green was more his brothers thing. He heard it had been taken over a few years ago when the owners retired, apparently becoming more sucessful in that time.
The softness and color against his skin had been overwhelming along with the feelings so he took them off and hid them away.
"Dean, you've been there almost a month now, I know this is hard for you but you can do it." Sam always had such faith in him, currently in his third year of college; Dean couldn't wait for him to come home.
"Lunch," he answers smugly, making Dean square his eyes, sometimes he had no idea what Sammy saw in him, which was crazy because he'd witnessed how sweet they were with each other too.
"Sounds perfect," smiling Cas took residence on one of the breakfast bar stools, Dean quickly setting to work plating up the tarts - both smelling and looking delicious - and pouring a glass of milk for Cas, he would've offered hot chocolate but didn't think using the stove was a good idea.
"Was there?" the blush forming on Cas' cheeks was answer enough, "Cas don't kill me or anything but I think Gabriel got that from me through Sam."
His patience was at a zero, if he had to wait any longer he'd bottle it. Reaching the yellow door Dean knocked. Waiting felt like forever realistically he knew it was minutes and when the door finally opened revealing Cas with bed head wearing sleep trousers and a Nasa t-shirt it felt like seconds.
Castiel opened his eyes delighting in the fact that it was Saturday, the past week and a bit had been hard work. The constant chaperoning was driving him crazy, of course, his friends meant well and after the prank failed on the public humiliation front they’d all expected a little blow back.
"Hey Hen, you want a slice? It's Pear Pecan." Dean watched him seat Henry on a barstool, before taking the one next to him as he cut three slices of pie, the smallest going to Sam.
Dean had offered to pick him up between classes but he was cutting it fine, Cas hated being late but today was even more important due to it being the first Monday after Alistair's and Lililth's expulsion. Cas needed to be there for his friends during the first break, deciding to be proactive Cas dug his cell out from his pocket to call his brother, knowing Gabriel to be more likely to pick up during School hours.
Following his orders Dean takes the one nearest, it's not like he hates brownies just there a different class than pie. But holy shit it's the best one he's ever had, it's dark, rich and ever so gooey.
Dean jumps from his seat like he's been prodded, "Dean?" questions Sam looking at him. Without a word Dean hurries from the cafeteria, with the sole focus of getting to Baby, as thoughts race through his mind.
"I might be getting old but I'm not blind," it was said in such a matter of fact way that had Dean grinding his teeth, "Is this about John?"
"Of course, man didn't I say, my burgers are the absolute best. Better than the Roadhouse." Dean winks always eager to boast about his cooking skills.
"Egg!" shouted Sam stopping further discussion as Henry rushed over to his Uncle the scene brought a happy feeling to Gabriel's heart and he wondered what it would feel like to hear a child call Sam Daddy.
Oh, right, in his hand is a pair of lacy lilac panties. It shouldn't be a surprise he hadn't forgotten exactly more put them out of his mind.
"Hell no, I'll leave a message at Hive, I'll forget otherwise since I've already forgotten the name of the plant, I'll just have to describe it." this gets Sam laughing causing Dean to turn back to him, "Something funny?"
“They tried, it didn’t go exactly to their plan though,” relief washed through her something she was happy to embrace.
"Cas, what are you doing here?" fuck he looked good dressed simply in dark blue jeans and a grey t-shirt, they'd both been so busy lately it had thrown a wrench in their weekly get-togethers.
"Well I didn't want to spook Cas with these gifts So I got a card to explain it all, you without saying it was me only - "
Cas caught sight of Sam looking back and forth between Gabriel and Cas as if following a tennis ball.
"That makes sense, weirdly I have my Dad to thank for that. As far as parenting goes he certainly showed me what not to do. Cas, I really appreciate you trusting me with this." Cas turned back to him looking a little happier.
"Much the same as you I imagine." Cas smiled only it didn't quite reach his eyes, "Are you meeting someone?"
Henry beamed brightly upon pulling out a cactus, Dean himself couldn't stifle his own amusement. "For me?"
"Daddy, finally. I want to open Cas' gift but Uncle Sam said I had to wait." Henry shouted Dean had expected him to be a little tired by this point. Obviously, birthday excitement meant boundless energy.
"So any more secret gifts?" asked Balthazar, Cas rolled his eyes both glad and annoyed by his friend's presence. It was Friday night and like always Castiel was working the graveyard shift at the petrol station.
The kitchen is bigger, brighter with all the mod cons, Dean literally only has enough room to swing a cat. The sound of chopping gets his attention, turning to find Cas behind the worktop with an array of vegetables.
"Come on Dean, you've had plenty of man crushes." maybe that was true, Charlie had been the first to tell him his obsession with Harrison Ford was more than just appreciation of his acting skills.
Sam (who had slept the best sleep ever) and Gabriel entered the kitchen having followed their noses from the bedroom.
"You two are mean." knowing he couldn't let that fly after Ellen had cooked for him, he was quick to add, "Thanks for the food, Ellen."
Yeah, I'm working on my English paper having finally finished The Scarlett Letter. They came in not long after, seems like they're there whenever I turn around today." answered Sam understanding what he really wanted to know, the answer didn't sound good. Surely they couldn't be stupid enough to mess with Sam, could they?
A project along with pie should buoy his mood only it wasn't working, he was too distracted both Gabriel's and Benny's words running through his head. Along with the memory of a perfect kiss in a bathroom with Cas, finally knowing how Cas tasted and felt in his arms was bliss. Only they haven't spoken since the kiss ended with his favorite Cas smile before he departed asking for time, managing to wrangle Henry out of the house in record time while battling between delight and a quickening sense of fear.
"Cas, you're in highschool besides it's creepy someone would send that to you." calmed Sam making Dean thankful his brother had such a way with words.
"Partly he's been desperate for your return so he can show his photos." tattled Cas making Henry shake his head in denial.
Everyone took their pizzas outside Gabriel basically losing his shit over the pretty garden strewn with cute tables and fairy lights, "Right I want date details now," he demanded choosing not to pass comment.
Luckily Cas looked awake, though mildly panicked, "No everything's fine, sorry I thought it was later."
Cas must have gone away again - like he had in Dean's car - because suddenly Sam had stepped away and he was confronted by an orange dinosaur with three horns on its head. "This is Chomps, Cas I brought him for you to hold."
"On the condition he doesn't show you anymore pranks," declared Dean making a note to remind Gabriel of the rule.
He hadn't thought about getting any beers in, preferring to do his drinking outside of his apartment. On some level, he worries about becoming like John, that one day he'll go the way of his father and lose his hurt at the bottom of a bottle. Still, one six pack wouldn't have hurt.
They walked off in no particular direction, simply following the gravel path entwined throughout the little landscapes. Cas was in his element, eyes bright with intensity as he listed plant after plant on occasion talking about a client or even his Grandfather. Seeing Cas like this had Dean feeling lighter than he had in days, he spent the last week in a funk so bad anyone smart enough had avoided his sorry ass at work.
Sam had told him his favorite artist would be there too, so what if Dean might have brought a comic along for her to sign. Hopefully, he had enough cash to buy an original but who knows how much that would cost.
He waited until another customer entered, moving quickly to follow them in. It was a nice spot, a door with huge glass windows on either side. The inside was bright and cheerful, splashes of color never clashing. No doubt the best feature was the wraparound chalkboard at an obvious height for children, Henry would have a field day when he brought him next time.
Maybe he's overreacting, Bobby pays him well and it's not like he's going to be here every day. Only he has bills and likes giving money to Sam: no matter how much the kid protests it, Dean is the big brother.
It wasn't often Dean talked like this, Sam liked it when he did, "So what went down, don't tell me he turned you down."
It was gone eleven when Sam returned, Henry was long tucked up in bed. Dean, however, was on the couch he wasn't waiting for Sam he just wasn't tired. His conversation with Charlie had helped with that, his feelings, emotions were a tangled mess and had been for some time.
"Doable, right we'll need cases and pretty much everything Sam just put away," Henry burst into laughter pointing at Sam while he did so. Gabriel felt his heart flutter, the laughter made him feel light, in fact, the whole day had.
Moving to his bed he pulls down the comforter so he can lie on the fresh sheets while keeping his toes toasty under the covers.
Jo and Ash are the first to go, leaving with the same goofy smile. Bobby, Ellen, and Rufus soon after to set up The Roadhouse, Sam tagging along he's glad for it his brother doesn't do much other than work a night out will be good for him.
What! Cas was coming and Dean was heading toward drunkville. This was not good, he had absolutely no idea what kind of drunk he was, would he get all chatty and start running his mouth. What if he sat Cas down and spoke to him in-depth about his eyes?
The next morning Sam and Dean were sat nervously at the map table as if waiting for a meeting of their enemies, not their future spouses, Sam glanced at Dean who nodded giving the go ahead to call the Angles down.
"Dean, she's beautiful." Dean can't help but preen from the compliment, as for Cas its another definite point in his favor. Dean can appreciate any man with a love of classic cars. Unlike his hybrid loving brother - God the shame of it.
"I drove here, I really believe Gabriel and I need to speak about our past, its been something pushed under the carpet for so long."
"So you didn't know?" After putting Henry to bed the night of the kiss Dean had waited for the talk all night, he'd survived an hour before retreating out of fear.
"That was one time!" shouts Dean a little too loudly, once he's certain everyone stopped staring he continues, "I need help choosing a gift, several actually."
"Doubtful, it'll get worse." says the man whose almost as tall as Sam, he's been working at Winchester Auto for almost a year. Dean likes him a lot because he's well-meaning and can appreciate silence.
"Hello Dean," smiles Cas as if this is an everyday event, Dean watches dumbfounded as Cas moves around putting dishes away before his eyes notice the light coming from the oven.
"Let's just say you really put the 'char' in chargrilled!" teased Cas as Ellen tried to conceal her own laughter as she placed the plates in front of them.
"So Aaron you like working for me?" it's not an innocent question but Dean likes teasing the newbies, the expression of the kid sure tells him its worked. "Relax kid it's not a trick question, you're coming to the end of your trial, you're a hard worker and if you're happy we can make things permanent."
"We need Rice Krispies, maple syrup and candy melts, to make cacti to place into the cupcakes, Sam they should be in that cupboard behind you." directed Gabriel to his decoration hidey-hole.
Deciding to read his own message Dean can't stop the smile at seeing Cas' name on the screen, it read:
Dean got up from his chair feeling incredibly eager for December, those two minutes of never seen before footage had been the perfect tease. Exiting the room his high immediately morphed into nervousness on sight of not only Gabriel but Castiel.
"Do you think you got mad at Sam because deep down you want to go on a date with Cas." Charlie's voice was quiet and calm as if she was talking about something inconsequential and not something hugely affecting to Dean's life.
"Hey I promised to keep it a secret from the general public not your own brother," said Sam placing a kiss to Gabriel's cheek.
He was willing to give the kid a chance and Charlie was chomping at the bit to have someone enthusiastic about figures and invoices. Dean could manage it himself of course but he'd rather get his hands dirty rebuilding a car.
God, it felt good. The panties were tight making the friction so much better. Dean was so hard that the panties were getting wet. Letting his mind wander Dean found himself back to the day of gardening, his cock jerks at the memory of all that golden sun-kissed skin and how good it would feel to touch it.
It hadn't taken him much to face his fear: cheap tickets, a longer stay at the Convention and arriving on (what should be a public holiday) May the fourth. It also allowed them to splurge for high passes, giving them entry to the Star Wars Panel discussion with the actual cast.
Gabriel pulled a freshly baked apple pie out of the oven to the rapt attention of Henry, "Wow Kid, I'm certainly more than impressed with your pie making skills, what else would you like to make?" asked Gabriel watching Henry's eyes go wide and Sam cleared the mess to make room for the pie.
He waited to watch everyone pile into the car and drive off before entering the house slightly regretting his decision not to go until the delicious scent of pie hit his nose. His Mom didn't mention anything, meaning nothing was stopping him eating the whole thing Homer Simpson style.
"Dean, we could have cooked together or actually gone to The Roadhouse for food." offered Cas, wasting no time diving in to tackle his fries.
“You sure about that, Son? Cos it strikes me you’re doing a mighty fine impression of him right now.”
"Thank you, consider yourself hired." Dean smiles, in fact, he can't keep it off his face. To land a contract, even without those fancy business cards Charlie insists he carries is a fantastic feeling he will gladly lord over her.
"So first one to hurl loses," the suggestion was met with a resounding no from everyone. Looking a little dishearted Gabriel soon cheered up with a kiss and some hidden candy from Sam.
"Ew, gross." Henry grimaces over dramatically sticking his tongue out like he can taste something bad.
"Yeah" running a hand over his face Dean founding himself asking another question entirely. "Hey, do you like burgers?"
"Alfie gave it to me, he found it in the library at lunch but thought it was too public to give it to me." so that was what Alfie had told Cas.
God, he wants that chance. Dean figures this is his last big hurdle if he wants to pursue a relationship with Cas he has to tell him the horrid truth. Not only the bits he's deemed suitable but everything, his fears and hopes too.
Ignoring it for the moment he continues, "Yeah, it's different this time, the person is really special, he's..."
"How dare you bring up a ladies age!" once again Cas rolled his eyes, already regretting his decision to share.
Smirking Gabriel continued "Well you know what they say honey makes a better trap than vinegar," throwing a wink at his boyfriend had him laughing.
Cas picked up the potted cactus before declaring, "Not at all Dean, you've definitely passed muster." he placed it back next to Starfire before moving to the window, his eyes looking at the sky rather than the activity in the yard below. "I saw Sam today."
The next morning Dean opens his eyes to sunshine, feeling too antsy to stay for breakfast Dean's out the door once he's dry from the shower. The tempting smells of Bobby's best pancakes not enough to make him stay.
"Absolutely, so do we just start digging?" asked Dean watching as Henry facepalmed and Cas sent him a look.
He'd never said no, which Dean appreciated. Dean found he was really beginning to like Cas, how his texts were always proper sentences including fucking capitalization and shit. It felt like he was making a new friend which hadn't happened in a while.
"Of course, I forgot how hot the kitchen can get when we have sandwiches," Sam smirked at him before continuing his work before he incurred Dean's wrath. Of course, Dean would let it go (for now) since they had a guest. Let it be known Dean Winchester can fake it while in the presence of company.
He made sure to get everyone watching out for Alfie too, especially when the kid confessed he was basically blackmailed into giving Castiel the gift. Luckily he was smart since the culprits never told him specifically when to give it to Cas and had since found kinship with Kevin and perhaps more with Benny.
"Cas, that's horrible, but no that's definitely not part of the plan today." smiled Dean, his free hand going to his neck. "You don't have to close your eyes if it makes you feel safer."
A tap on his shoulder forces him back to the present, oh, he's next in line. Approaching slowly Charlie comes into focus, she has her awesome red hair down showing her fandom pride by sporting a Maz Katana t-shirt, Dean had obviously opted for Han Solo.
"Of course, but Henry this is his job it's important. I need for you to be good and not make Cas feel bad, I'm sure he'll call you later if he's too busy now." Henry nodded at what would no doubt leave his head in few minutes.
"Keep telling yourself that," he joked as a call announced they would be boarding in fifteen minutes.
"Hey Bud, we may not be able to stay long okay, Cas is going to be busy." Dean met his son's eyes in the review mirror a look of disappointment clear to see. His school trip was a to a nature reserve meaning he had a load of photos he was desperate to share. Because Cas would enjoy it more, according to Henry.
To hide his glee Dean quickly busied himself by ripping some paper into four to write their names on, once folded he placed them into a bowl.
Knowing at times you had to join in rather be left behind Dean spoke, "We'll take ten each of the apple and Cranberry jellos" Cas smiled gleefully. "Cas shall we mainly get green veg?" asked Dean.
"Cool, how is the little tyke? Ellen was wondering if he'd like to spend his birthday night here, after whatever fun and games you have planned." Dean smiled knowing Henry would love the idea and not just for the extra candy he'll be able to scoff scot-free. Telling Bobby as much, he also adds a warning.
But what could he say? That he was stupid and ignored all the signs until the last minute when everything backfired spectacularly and lead them here. No thanks at least not for the moment anyway, no matter what Dean said he was guilty.
"Hell no, Henry would be so mad he'll want veto power in where every little plant should go." they both laughed, Henry was constantly asking about the all the cactus' he got and was delighted when Dean had given him his phone to look at all the selfies Charlie had taken of his work crew posing with the one in the break room.
Stupidly Meg hadn't expected anything to change since her mother died it had been them against the world. Father dearest hadn't seen it that way, he no longer wanted to care for some brat that wasn't his, so he dumped her at Aunt Ruby's door and fled.
"I believe it's known that humans sometimes only decorate the rooms they inhabit the most," offered Cas in way of explanation.
Reaching forward Cas found a cute pen with a metal bee on the lid and a little notebook, taking it over to the counter he looked at everything together feeling incredibly happy.
Winking Sam finally got up bringing all that glorious sun-kissed skin into the light, he was so fucking beautiful. "See something you like?"
Everyone had joined them now hovering for something sweet, "And we have pie, not the most amazing pie I've ever tasted but you can all blame Sam for that." announced Dean, his hunt for the bakery had been far from a success and he hadn't had the time to venture out for another trip.
"Yeah, it's plain to see how close you are to each other," smiled Cas "Having trouble thinking of something?"
"Thank you Cas, I love it." after Dean and Sam gave their thanks along with Henry's they headed out for the cinema.
Sam moved himself to sit with Henry, grabbing the sweets: Dean hoped not for a sugar lecture. "Quite the haul here Henry, how about we share out some fish huh? That way we can still grab something for during the film."
"Cool, we're here mainly for Pringles anyway," Kevin told him coming over to the counter as Charlie went to stock up. "Ohh, great book, I love Sherlock." Cas smiled as Kevin flicked through to Cas' bookmark soon snickering to himself.
"No Bal, I don't want things getting any weirder, it's bad enough Gabriel asked him to fix my car. Look I'll see you tomorrow, okay." thankfully he obliged, with a quick hug he was gone. The next half hour passed with a steady stream of customers: most stopping for petrol, the occasional half dead flower purchase and luckily only one alcohol sale meaning he'd had to interrupt his bosses Netflix perusal.
"Sorry, I felt okay when I was in the room but I felt I had to be because Alfie was trying so hard and then it just caught up with me." sniffled Sam.
“You sure about this?” asked Dean trying to shake away his memories, focusing on Sam Dean took a knife hold.
Thoughts of Sam plagued him all afternoon, even during art class where his main worry should've have been making a fool of himself in front of Cas. Being the only lesson they had together he'd readied himself for it.
Gabriel made that go away, before getting together Sam had felt like jelly around the guy and after becoming a couple it was the same but different. A quick internet search had him down the submissive rabbit hole (though nothing hardcore, thank you) luckily Gabriel had been quick to figure things out and was totally on board, with necessary rules.
"Ask him," great didn't that make him feel like the father of the year. "Look we've had a really great time, Henry thinks you don't like the place," added Sam, leaving Dean with the feeling he'd left something unspoken.
"Right, anyway these live for over two years." he finished getting back on track, pointing to the first group of red, pink, and yellow plants. "The second ones are the evergreen shrubs for Winter," it was a mostly green pile along with what Dean recognized to be lavender. "Lastly the annuals these are all year." Henry finished pointing out the last group of purple, yellow, pink and some weird fluffy white flowers. Dean was sure the garden would look really good once it was done.
"Dean! You're here." The shock in Cas' voice is like a stab through Dean, did Cas really believe Dean would let him face the bad alone. Cas looks so scared, his face streaked with tears, his whole body shaking.
Dammit, he supposes a few hours under wraps was something, trust Mary Winchester to see right through him.
Nodding his agreement Dean sat happily watching her greet fans, joking along and giving them attention. She made sure to give her time, never rushing, he liked that very much.
"What's going on?" he asks, directing the question at Sam hoping neither of them will ask about Cas.
Cas nodded before walking over to his brother, Sam and Dean (soon to be boyfriend, oh God) Sam was currently wrapped around Gabriel like an octopus, an impressive feat considering Sam's recent growing surge. His eyes were red easily noticing tear tracks on his cheeks, Sam was such a gentle boy, Cas hated seeing him so upset.
"Oh Dean, I'm sorry and I hope you don't feel that way anymore. You're so strong Dean and beautiful."
"You really do have it bad, Son. It's nice to see." John is smiling at him, which is what? A form of help? Dean certainly hopes not he needs actual advice not blessings and encouraging smiles.
"My Grandfather left his 1957 Corvette to me and my brother, it needs a ton of work." if at all possible Cas felt certain he saw Dean's eyes get even wider.
"Oh God, is Big Bird going to jump out in front of me or something?" questioned Cas, his voice completely serious. "It was a recurring childhood nightmare." he clarified.
They were both muscled, one was white with a shaved head wearing blue jeans and a red blacked checked shirt, the other looked Latino with thick dark hair, jeans and a white t-shirt.
"Thank you, but I'd love to speak with him, in fact, we have something to discuss," Dean turned his eyebrows raised in question. "It's a surprise."
Navigating the aisles was a complete nightmare and Cas was gone as soon as he spotted something red or green.
"I really wished you'd sent me a text, Baby," said Gabriel kissing Sam on the forehead, "Or even one to Dean,"
"He had to leave Daddy," Informed Henry who reached out, Dean taking the bait lifted his son up. "He said to say hello, can we eat I'm starving."
Dean says goodbye, casting a quick glance around the place. Was the overly tidy apartment and food too much? Sam had told him to be himself and food is very much Dean. With the talking to finished, he opens the door finding Cas holding his note and looking extremely hot in tight black jeans and a button down shirt.
"Sam's my brother." Dean practically shouts causing not just Sam and Castiel to look at him, once the words sink in Castiel gives him another huge smile. It makes him feel all warm inside, and not the idiot he feels: considering those are the first words he's spoken, since shouting to get his attention.
"Okay hold it," he whispered in Cas' ear, before letting his hands fall from Cas' body, immediately they felt empty. "Open your eyes, Cas." standing by his side Dean watched as he did so, the action quickly followed by an intake of breath.
"It wasn't but I still had Sammy." the love and pride in his voice unmistakable. "You mentioned a brother earlier, do you have any other family here Cas?" he asked wanting to know more about the man.
Sam wanders over to the bed, lying flat on his back his stomach full of delicious soups and fried carp, Gabriel had pretty much eaten his weight in cookies.
"You own this car?" asked the guy in red, Dean nodded his answer, "She's beautiful, to be honest, she should be in there." said the guy.
"No, they're probably just baking, Gabriel can get very into the zone, I think it's the only thing that makes him switch off." Cas finished stopping in his steps when he felt Dean tense beside him, following the other man's gaze he noticed the cause, two guys were stood by Baby.
How had this gotten there? Deciding to figure that out later Cas flipped it over eager to read what it said: A late night treasure hunt follow these three clues to find items to help you create.
Padding downstairs, Henry spots Uncle Sammy through the door crack sitting on the sofa looking worried. Seeing his bigfoot of an uncle is calming, the icy knot warming; it's not completely gone but its better.
"Oh fuck, that's so hot!" cried Gabriel as Sam placed him on the couch before moving to pull a bag out from under the bed.
Running back down the stairs, his mood in complete polar opposite to when he had ascended them. Dean reaches into his pocket for his keys desperately doing his best not to fumble them.
Fucking timing, their arrival had interrupted Sam's first kiss with Gabriel, knowing what that meant to Sam, Dean quickly moved to his brother pulling him into a hug. He felt Sam's surprise at the embrace but neither said anything.
The next thing to happen was the plane announcing it was preparing to take off, wow, who knew planes were so advanced!
"Hey!" cried Gabriel jumping up in outrage, sending a glare at Castiel before sitting back down Sam quickly following after glancing at Dean once more. Straight away he could hear the hushed tones of Sammy and Gabriel talking, he couldn't make anything out but it was oddly comforting.
He makes it ignoring the daggers he can feel boring into his back. Dean's quick to knock the door before she "accidentally" loses the connection. Hearing the usual huff of Bobby he enters the office.
He heard Sam sigh before replying. "Look Henry wanted to show it to me and he only asked once you left."
Cas was no fetish, he was himself and for whatever reason evoked feelings in Dean. Big scary feelings.
So safe to say a career as a spy wasn't in his near future, though it was hardly that big of a secret. Cas was an author, releasing new books was kind of there thing and it was being announced in a few hours.
"Dean, this is the best burger I've ever had. Thank you for bringing me here." Cas was looking at him with delight in his eyes, could that be possible? He hadn't really done anything that amazing. But maybe to Cas, he had if his issues or whatever wouldn't normally bring him to a place like this. Then perhaps Dean had given him something special.
"Dad, that's not my code name," he whined making them both smile. They were always changing, last week it was Red Eagle. Dean decided to go with the direct approach.
"Hell, I will," whoop, one point for the man with the really hot accent, maybe Sam could do accents, worth a shot. While waiting for the photoshoot to be over and sent Gabriel fired a quick text off to Sammy, once done his phone buzzed with a message from an unknown number, this Benny guy was direct and extremely keen, Gabriel quickly opened the photo.
On closer inspection, it's plain to see the note has no signature, fuck he's such an idiot. And he knows all about not calling himself bad names, but he's doing it anyway. "Yes, I didn't realize." Cas shrugs as if telling him it's no big deal. "Does that mean you're coming in?"
"Dean have you really seen it in here?" shouted Cas from the backseat of the Impala. Dean just wanted to get Baby free of decorations and payback on Gabriel.
He called every week, more since Dean had finally felt ready to move out of Bobby's. Growing up Dean had taken care of Sam, while John lost himself in whiskey, spinning a web of vicious words at Dean, tying him into knots.
Wait, harassed? Just how long had this been going on? Since before they met? Was this what Sam had been on about, why Gabriel was so stressed out?
"No, Henry she's my employee. I'm single currently." Dean's head shot up at that, single? How the hell was Cas single? The man was beautiful, objectively speaking of course. Also, did Dean detect a little hopefulness in Cas' voice, did he think he wouldn't be single for much longer. Did Cas have his eye on someone?
"Sorry I didn't mean anything, I only ask because I matched too, I figured he was one because no-one else has been up to my booth in like three hours," she said smiling making Dean relax.
Hours after the funeral of their father on a grey February afternoon, Sam and Dean Winchester were in the Bunker kitchen, two knives on the table to cut the tattoos they never wanted.
"Castiel Novak," the man offers his hand before continuing, "I really didn't mean to startle you, only I had to come over for a closer look. I've been admiring her for weeks."
"Yeah, I want your thoughts on the pie." after saying goodbye Dean noticed a text waiting for him from Sam:
He smiled surprised she had even remembered having told her he was now coming by plane, they had started interacting ages ago when Dean commented on a post sharing favorite artists. She had taken a real liking to his handle name and complimented a few of his own drawings asking him to post more if he had any.
Currently, he was home after a long day, Sammy was doing God knows what in the kitchen while Henry was playing (or possibly napping) in his room. The pinging noise of his cell had Dean smiling, he and Cas had been texting all day, more importantly, Cas had said yes.
"Gabriel, hey, um is Alfie back at the bakery?" Ooh, this was interesting and again way better than paperwork. God, was this reward for powering through or what? Something had been off with Alfie since he returned from his deliveries, Gabriel had gotten zip out of asking except a far off dreamy look which soon morphed into panic on realizing he had an audience.
Once there was a lull in the queue, Charlie came back passing him a cup of coffee he hadn't noticed until now. "So how was the flight?" Oh God, how he wished he had driven, stupid cheap flights and puppy-eyed Sam.
“They wanted me to give it to him but I refused, I thought they were doing it to torture me that if I said no they wouldn't go ahead,” spewing the truth like that actually felt good, “What happened?”
"So the opposite then?" Dean stilled once again his attempt at a reply coming out only in vowel sounds.
Finding the reception area empty he heads for the break room, finding her messing around with Benny. "I'm off now guys, Charlie you should do the same." she'd come in to help before he was called, as far as he's concerned his days off aren't more important than anyone else's. Especially when it was his mistake, or more specifically his crappy filing.
"Sorry Bro, I can't take you home cos I'm taking Sammy to the cinema." announced Gabriel, his eyes sparkling with a gleam Dean really didn't like.
Dean hadn't allowed himself to think past the end of his gift giving, Bobby had offered to have the parts for Cas' car fast-tracked but he'd refused, wanting to give himself more time.
He'd never thought about this before, even when Sam came out, it didn't force him down a path of analysis. Sure he's always loved Han Solo, but even Sammy loves him.
"You really think so?" asked Cas only to be confronted with Meg's are you serious expression, "I mean sure it tastes good but will Dean think the same,"
"Ah, no it was always an empty threat, Sam was always quick to retreat." he appeased. "Just how close are our brothers?"
"I could show you?" Dean nodded feeling things begin to perk up. Cas took his hands placing them on his hips before rolling them.
"Yes, Gabriel, he's older than me, the joker of the family." Cas suddenly stopped on that word, Dean was starting to believe something bad was lurking in his past.
They were discussing what to do after lunch when his cell rang, Sam reached for it glad to see it was Dean calling. This should be interesting, was Dean being as pissy as Henry had mentioned, he really hoped not.
"Really brother, I think you and Cas are like endgame or something," Benny nodded his head before departing leaving Dean with a lot to think about.
"Wait, if you got a lift with Bal why didn't he just give you this?" Cas watched curiously as Gabriel reached into his bag pulling out a white envelope and a small wrapped package tied with ribbon.
The journey was quick, Henry happily singing along to a Disney soundtrack (in all honesty so was Sam). On their arrival Sam made sure to park as close to the entrance as possible, knowing Henry would be likely to run off in his excitement.
"Cas, it smells amazing," Dean quickly looked behind him as if expecting his Mom to have reappeared by magic before continuing, "Don't repeat this but it smells better than my Mom's.
Sure Cas is older, more experienced and oh so hot but Dean wants him. The thought of experiencing any relationship stuff with someone other than Cas feels wrong. Crawling into bed Dean vows that tomorrow he'll ask Cas on a date, he'll be gracious with whatever answer he receives and until then he'll try Bobby's positivity thing.
She gulped this time embracing the guilt and hurt she was feeling for Cas, “Please tell me they didn’t?”
"But he raised you, doesn't that mean anything?" asked Cas hoping he wasn't hurting her with the question.
"I agree, which is why you took the time to get happy or at ease in your own skin before finding anyone. But it's no longer the case is it." God, for someone who hides their heart under a load of false bark, Bobby can be really deep.
"Writing used to be a hobby for me as well but no-one told it couldn't be more. Whoever has swayed you to believe that did you a disservice. The choice is yours, Dean, however, I've been informed that we live pretty close together, perhaps today is down to the power of the force." smirked Cas, oh God the man was using Star Wars to coax him into agreeing.
"That is your decision, I would really love to go on that date though." wow, an actual honest to God offer of a date with Cas!
Once he'd gained control over himself he returned downstairs to find Henry waiting to open Cas' gift along with Sam and Cas who were being weird with each. Remaining on the stairs Dean stood to spy a little, Sam looked ashen often throwing glances at Cas as if seeing him for the first time.
Cas was trying to get his work done only he couldn't stop thinking about Dean. Ever since he had moved in, Cas had been enthralled, his arrival had felt like a turning point. The sight
"Gabriel, you've been in there for ten minutes, are you okay?" oh shit, sucking it up Gabriel opened the door. "I wished you'd stop running away from me."
Heading to his usual table he was glad to see Sam and Gabriel already there and to a lesser (bigger) extent Balthazar. He wasn't overly impressed with the guy, he was British (which had most fawning over his accent) and talked funny.
"Oh, it's alright someone's sending me gifts, it's perfectly fine," answered Cas misunderstanding Dean's alarm.
The sound on the school door opening had Cas looking up to find Sam and Alfie heading toward them, looking distraught. Gabriel took off immediately pulling Sam into his arms once he was able, Alfie proceeded to walk over to them, Benny only managing to hold himself still, Dean was the first to speak.
No, he had to salvage this before he lost his nerve and it took another two months or longer and Cas got sick of waiting.
“Cas don’t worry about Sam we’ve been texting all day, I thought telling him about the date would cheer him up,” informed Alfie his cheeks blushing.
On the nights he'd spent with women to make his father proud, he'd felt nothing. When times were really bad, he would slip away to a bar for liaisons of a different kind. Encounters that ended with him on his knees, humiliated, hard and wanting from men who didn't reciprocate. It always led him back to John's rhetoric that his desires were disgusting.
Oh! It sounded doable in theory because he wanted to go, surely he should feel safe now. Yet he had always felt safe at Hive until now. "I don't know."
Luckily now was the time Bobby and Ellen turned up along with Rufus. After apologizing for not arriving sooner they head over to Sam, (Rufus remaining near the pie because he's no idiot) no doubt to chew him out over his lack of visibility in recent weeks. The kid looks suitably chastised before he's pulled into a hug by Ellen which is no mean feat.
"Dad that's so cool, does that mean you're okay with me liking plants?" Dean feels blindsided by the comment until he remembers his conversation with Sam when they had absconded to Hive.
He gave a weak smile that didn't reach his eyes, "Better I'm here, did Alfie get his date?" Cas nodded happy to see Sam's eyes light up at the news.
Perfect silence was broken by the sound of heavy footsteps descending the stairs. "Is that Cas?" asked Sam.
"Unsurprisingly no, it's best to work out where you want everything to be first for optimal growth and to make sure your happy with how it looks," Cas informed. His tone loaded with sass at Dean, not that he was annoyed, far from it. This was proof that Cas was comfortable with them - though he was in his element - ever since he'd learn about his anxieties it was a concern for Dean.
Quickly checking that Cas' car was still out - it was - Dean grabbed a pen and paper to write a quick note. He ran to place it on his door, hoping for the best on his return. He'd asked Cas to come around at seven when the game started (there was always something on) so he now had two hours to tidy, rustle up some food, and above all not freak out.
"What do you want Meg?" he asked hoping to get attention off him for a moment as he walked back to the counter, stepping behind it he closed the latch to put something between them.
"Rebound or not I'll treat him good." Dean knows he would, Benny is a good guy but the thought of him and Cas rubs him the wrong way.
"You can have these anytime you want, I need to have my fill, Dean! They're fucking delicious," whines Cas. He doesn't need to see the blush to know its there, what the hell was he meant to say to that?
Bobby passes Dean a cold beer, he'd come around with a pizza to check on him, in no way to avoid Cas.
After cleaning up with Sam, Dean heads up to his room and straight for his stash of money that Sam doesn't know about. Uncle Bobby was nice enough to give him a job fixing cars, he enjoys it but perhaps not enough to be a long-term thing.
"I haven't been since Henry was born, with work I just wanted to spend my weekends with him at the park or playing astronauts versus dinosaurs." Cas melted, Dean was so giving and beautiful. He had such lovely freckles and those eyes!
"It was my Grandfather's, he left it to us, we love it too much to sell," he said quickly grabbing his clothes from the back.
Not wanting to seem overeager they had waited until December to head down to the Bunker rather than straight after Thanksgiving, hoping their humans would make use of the extra couple of days to make everything perfect.
"See what I mean," Cas nodded at Sam only Dean didn't see anything, what were they discussing again.
"Gabe did, only he stopped since I'm hopeless with pranks. This week though he got me, the way he goes on you think being tidy would be a crime!" Dean couldn't help the laugh never hearing Cas so hysterical before, "I was tidying his stuff and he said there was porn amongst it." Dean shuffled a little in his seat, that prank sounded weirdly familiar.
Had he? Perhaps but he wasn't taking Sammy's word for it at least not yet because he had a day out to organize.
"Stop teasing or I'll have to punish you later," smirked Sam his voice sounding strong and confident knowing exactly what it did to Gabriel.
None of this was real, it was like walking through a dream or fairytale. Gabriel had always been good at those coming up with exciting stories before bed, occasionally they featured boy being saved by a dashing knight. It was never spoken about outside of those times, it didn't need to be.
Huffing again Dean did as he was told, it felt like Cas was taking care of him and he was beginning to like it, against his better judgment.
"Wait a sec, Dean," said Cas stopping midway to yet another tree, obviously Gabriel was responding again.
This information had Cesar clapping his hands, "I told you, Jesse, I had a good feeling the moment I saw her say Dean are you a professional?"
"Um, well sorry Cassie only Sammy was taking a nap and I couldn't bare to wake him when he looked all snug and cute," rambled Gabriel as Sam blushed and Dean looked like he wanted away from the whole thing.
"Dean, are you okay?" asks Cas pulling him away from the traffic of the shop, he was literally moments away from pushing past Cas and running home, only that voice has him spilling his secrets.
Walking back to his car, fishing out the keys from his pocket Dean opens the boot grabbing the spare overall he keeps there. Once he's suitably fitted out Dean heads for the troublesome vehicle popping the hood.
"Has Meg approached you?" he asked feeling better when Sam shook his head. Sam had been as much Meg's friend as Cas, all of them sharing a dry sense of humor no-one else understood until in Dean's words Meg had been seduced by the dark side.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, "Cassie, I'm not risking Sam's heart on 101 steps for an Angel/Human relationship, I want to add some flare." especially when he could feel Sam was hiding some part of himself he thought was wrong.
After the initial shock wore off Meg knew she no longer wanted to feel anything, something hard to accomplish when your friends were such bleeding hearts all the time. Alistair and Lillith offered her an escape, they put others down, weak shy kids who wanted to learn without ever spoiling their appetite.
"What! Charlie of course not. We just talked." Dean could hear groaning on the line but didn't take it to heart knowing Charlie was only mocking him.
"You can be whatever you want and I'd fucking love to top you, Baby," Sam gasped hearing those words, he felt soothed. "Right, how about we get under the covers and I hold you while we sleep?"
"I took something and made an utter fool of myself in front of a really hot guy!" moaned Dean shutting his eyes he missed an odd look from Charlie before she burst into laughter.
"I think I can manage that, in fact, I may have just what you're looking for." he motions them to follow him, after quickly checking it's okay with Sam they both follow. "Now I know you said orange or yellow, but I happen to think these Shasta Daisies will be very striking with the Felicia." lifting a small pot he brings it down to Henry for his approval.
He thinks so, he may have always been rushing but did anyone ever stop him? Sometimes he thinks he'd like someone to take their time, to love him.
"Cool, probably best Henry doesn't see you if you can't stay." he says as the bell above the door sounds, there's no double take because the man coming through the door is so clear, filling his vision immediately. Dean feels his cheeks blush, ducking his head to look at the table. Feeling Sam's eyes on him makes him want to run away, why is he acting this way?
After the little display at the coffee shop, he felt certain Dean had a crush. Getting through to Dean and past his hang-ups wasn't a task he was relishing. Also, he was a little jealous, things were going to change so much for Dean if he was willing. Sam wanted someone, someone he could look after and build a life with.
Dean gasped out his body responding in zings of pleasure, screw the metaphor he was closing in on full hardness. "Fuck Cas, do that again?"
Dean was winding down at his construction job and Sam had a few days of college left before the holidays, while things became more intense for the Angels. Though they always made it down to the bunker every night for dinner and whatever Christmas movie was at the top of the pile.
"And I'm guessing you didn't head to his apartment to give him the mail." oh, Dean hadn't thought of that, he'd placed it under the door when Cas was out.
All four of them piled in grabbing something, Henry attempting a big one before finally conceding defeat and taking something smaller. Soon he found more enjoyment in barking out orders to the others, something he relished too much in Dean's opinion. After many layouts they finally found the one, it was joyous news all around since the sun had come out and everyone was sweaty.
"What is it with you youngsters, you shouldn't go into a relationship thinking it'll go down the john. It's meant to be exciting and you should carry hope for it, that it'll go right and you won't have to say goodbye to each other." Bobby offered a weak smile his eyes a little watery, Dean knew he was thinking about his wife Karen who he'd been parted from too soon.
"Don't be, I know Gabriel can be too much. You don't have a problem with him and Sam, do you?" Dean was shaking his head before Cas even finished.
"I'm pretty sure he's doing that mainly to make me jealous," that a man some had to get Dean to see the light.
"Yeah, not drool over the thing." throwing his eyes at Sam he found his brother to no one's surprise to be eating a bowl full of vegetables.
"The film! Dad I'd almost forgot, Inias is coming right?" Inias was Henry's new friend and apparently totally awesome.
"My thoughts exactly, now as much as I'd love for you to stay I don't think it wise," said Cas leaving Dean to scoff at his adult reasoning.
Sam had come home later with some of the treats Henry had made with Gabriel, at first the poor kid had been worried he was in trouble over the prank. Dean soon got him laughing again with many many compliments and a tickle war.
"I assume this is from you since I doubt anyone else knows my name. Or at least no-one I'd want to spend time with anyway." Oh God, that sounded like flirting. He thought so anyway, was gay flirting different to straight flirting? Dean had no clue.
Henry drops the bag to the floor shuffling a bit until he's more in the center. Meaning Dean will have on one dead leg when he tries to get up and Cas will be in the same boat. Cas doesn't object just gives that smile Dean likes so much before giving his attention to Henry.
His eyes come to meet the man's behind the counter his earlier assessment was right the guy was short, his hair a golden color, eyes much the same carrying a look of mischief. He was wearing a navy apron with gold writing telling all he was 'Archangel of the Kitchen'.
Castiel is talking throughout, pointing and spilling information to Henry's attentive ears. He watches his son feeling disbelief at the focus he's witnessing, he can't help feeling proud too.
"So the guy can read me like a book, he'll know I know when he tells me Cas received whatever it is." Sam sighed.
Dean was pretty sure Cas could get him to do anything with that voice and his eyes alone, "You really like them that much?" asked Dean battling old memories.
Safe in the knowledge, Gabriel would be with him and Cas and Dean were heading to the cinema for a double bill of Star Wars and a Christmas Movie, Sam took Gabriel's hand.
"Please, I just saved your ass, don't fuck this up, Winchester. I want my brother happy," he said walking out the door as Dean's heart rate kicked up, that right there was proof Dean had a chance.
Okay now, what? As mentioned Dean isn't one for waiting, normally he'd just shove his hands down his pants until the desired effect was achieved. That wasn't going slow and if he wanted to know if this was his bag he needed to at least incorporate the panties.
"Be sure you do Winchester," she warns punching his arm playfully. "Mom and Bobby will be along later, is Ash here?" she asks her voice hopeful.
"Gabriel, I think you're good for Sam and I really can't see you two fizzling out, ever." any responses were interrupted by the door opening, Mary stepped out of the house in a deep green dress.
"Well what did he say?" asked Benny sounding desperate, this was no surprise the man always became a live wire whenever someone caught his interest.
"I should be getting back to Gabriel he'll want a report about Sam." Dean really didn't want him to go, though he'd rather have him far away from Benny's seductive accent.
What the hell was it with cafeterias? Was this his life now? Revelations and awkward moments surrounded by the din of high schoolers. Wondered Dean after selecting his lunch (chili fries and a large slice of pie) after watching Cas' conversation with Bal and Gabriel earlier he needed some comforting.
On top of the crowds fighting over the last few items on the shelf, Dean had to deal with an over-excited Angel. Luckily Cas was super cute and completely awestruck by the Christmas foods on offer firing a neverending barrage of questions at Dean: What is this? How does it taste? Are there new things every year? And on and on the why never coming into question because Christmas was reason enough.
