"They're too big!"
"Sherlock, what do you want for Christmas?" John asked. "I've got to get my shopping done this week. Next week will probably be hectic for me at the clinic."
He stripped down quickly, piling his clothes in the middle of the room as far away from anything else as possible. Half of it was because his clothes were filthy and possibly had lice, but the other was that he found an odd-looking experimental contraption set up on the bathroom counter, and didn't want the clothes he might end up wearing again to get contaminated with a potentially biohazardous material.
John carried on with his day as usual, sitting in his usual spot and carrying on his usual hobby of people-watching. But that was the day that John saw the most unusual of people pop up out of the crowd and come closer.
“H-how did you know I was at the door?” Sherlock stammered.
And just when Sherlock’s heart was almost back to normal, John said, “Good,” and caused it to leap ridiculously inside his chest again.
John looked at Sherlock.
"I think there are some insights to be had by partaking in this activity," Sherlock replied with a shrug. "It might turn out to be more fun than I imagined it to be."
The murderer also got ahold of an epee, and the two of them circled each other. John sighed and shook his head. Neither of the swords were sharp, each of them tipped with a little button that would do no real damage. John texted Lestrade and awaited back-up.
“Oh,” John said quietly. “And you’re sure?”
Then, as quickly as he’d come, he left. And I was left in my quasi-embrace with John. I tried to let him go quickly, but he kept his arms around me. I didn’t understand. We needed to go and investigate what was going on. But my heart was still beating drum-like against my ribs, and I was loathe to let go of him.
Sherlock complied, pressing the insides of his wrists together for John to finish tying. That didn't take long, and John considered the logistics of the next tie carefully before doing anything.
John removed the crop and then ran it up from the soft skin behind Sherlock's knee up to where his thighs met his arse. He ever so lightly brushed the leather over Sherlock's bollocks and grinned when Sherlock inhaled sharply.
John swung around, as if he'd been waiting for just such a cue as this.
Sherlock struggled to reach the paperclip again and only succeeded in knocking it off the bed altogether. But he soon forgot the wayward item as John pushed his jeans over his hipbones and down to his knees. Sherlock's eyes went immediately to the cotton pants John was wearing, which had a promising bulge in the front of them – and John wasn't even hard yet.
“What do you think?”
"Hello?" John said. "Yes, of course we can. Where are you? We'll be on our way shortly. Sherlock, case."
"Ah, but that's not what you said," John said with a grin. "You said that nothing I do would distract you."
"Yeah, what did I say? Don't you trust me?"
"I... liked it," Sherlock said, and he was still so flushed from their activity that John only knew he was embarrassed by the way he dipped his chin down and wouldn't look John in the eye.
"Chopping up food hardly constitutes "making," John," Sherlock said.
Donovan backed up a few feet and took a run at it. Sherlock hadn't expected her to do
"Is it because it would be embarrassing for you, or embarrassing for me?" John asked. "Remember, I'm a doctor. I've heard it all."
Sherlock gulped, and then John reached down for one of his hands and brought it up to his neck. At first, Sherlock wasn't sure what John was trying to say, but then, he felt it underneath his fingertips. John's pulse was throbbing away desperately, fierce and strong. Sherlock looked up and met John's eyes. His pupils were full and dark, the iris a ring of blue eclipsed by exhilaration.
"It's not that – ouch!" Sherlock turned their head and glared.
"Really, John?"
John held a finger to his lips. I rolled my eyes – obviously!
He’d been such an idiot.
“I’ve got to go,” Sherlock said, shuffling his feet. “Got class.”
"Yes," Sherlock said. "It's a twisted place, and we've both already been there."
"Better," John said, amused.
"John, you're brilliant," he said, and rushed over to look at the kegs.
Sherlock clenched his hands in the sheet and waited.
Like he'd discovered, his predictions regarding reactions of John Watson were increasingly likely to be wrong when it came to a major event. This was the opposite of what he expected. John never gave into anything that might suggest he had any sort of sexual or romantic attachment to men, and it seemed especially so with Sherlock.
Sherlock, lying on Mrs. Hudson's couch with his feet in John's lap as they watched telly, didn't notice that the evening was creeping up on them and that eventually John would want to sleep. When John yawned and slowly got to his feet, Sherlock followed him all the way up the stairs to his room, and John didn't protest.
"And you're certain he hasn't noticed you following him?" Sherlock input sardonically.
"Think you're up to a little more?" John asked gently, pushing his fingers through Sherlock's damp curls.
"John!" Sherlock cried.
Sherlock woke to the image of falling snow going past his window. He rose groggily, wrapped up in his sheet, and went into the living room.
“Where did you learn to make curry?” asked Sherlock, just to break the silence.
John actually had an address book, a physical one, with a battered cover and worn out edges. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Why couldn't John just use his phone? It was far more efficient.
"It makes it hard to concentrate on the Work if I'm trying to fight off my reactions as well," Sherlock said. "It's harder than I thought it would be."
"What are you doing in here, anyway?" John asked.
"Very much so," John said.
Sherlock was heartily tired of it, but unfortunately, he couldn't get rid of it. Sherlock looked pointedly at John, who realized Sherlock's present difficulty.
As they were washing their hands, they suddenly caught their reflection in the mirror and stopped dead. They had been in such a state of euphoria that they had almost completely forgotten how it all came about. They reached up to tentatively poke at their still-ruined hair.
"It's more than that," John protested. "I have strong feelings for you that I am unable to articulate yet. Is that better?"
Happy birthday
It was supposed to be a case that brought them here, but so far, there hadn't been anything resembling detective work happening at all. There had been a lot of delicious food and drinking wine while sitting on their balcony at night, looking out at the city and hearing the sound of the ocean.
“Yes,” I answered honestly, unthinkingly.
John left again, and Sherlock sighed, lying back down on the bed. Just as Sherlock thought that they were alone, there was a muffled thump against their door.
Molly prepared everything, and Sherlock got a pair of gloves for himself. Then the pair of them spent the afternoon stabbing various chunks of meat with all manner of things, including knives, screwdrivers, nail files, letter openers, and even pens and pencils.
Mycroft could go and deal with the country's problems without Sherlock, as far as Sherlock was concerned. His biggest problem was that he was far too big to get into his laboratory to get his notes and equipment to do experiments with.
He was hungry, and it looked as if he would be fed, so staying up here would be silly. He eyed the door warily. This wasn't a situation that he was used to, eating with people he barely knew. In the army, it hadn't been hard, not when the familiarity of military routine bonded them all together. John felt like he wasn't really supposed to be here, that he was intruding somehow, and the anxiety sat in his gut like a weight.
"Whatever you like, so long as I don't have to look upon the thing again," Sherlock replied. "If you weren't currently wearing that one, I'd have tossed it out, too."
"I won't," John promised.
“At least you're not literally police,” said Lestrade. “I could sent in two of my best officers, but between the investigation and pretending to be a gay couple and not giving the game away, it might be too dangerous. I need to send you.”
"Oh, you," he said, disappointed. "What do you want?"
"I'm coming over, Sherlock," John said. "Just stay there."
He cherished the look on everyone's face as he proclaimed, "Actually, he's my boyfriend."
John blinked awake, and Gladstone sat up, tail wagging. Apparently she recognized Mrs. Hudson's voice as well. She jumped off the bed and went to the door, looking back over her shoulder at John pleadingly.
"This isn't your usual type of entertainment," John said suddenly. "Why did you decide to come? Not that I mind or anything, just curious."
This isn't the end of John's involvement with the homeless network, or Wiggins.
Well, Mary obviously.
"Yes," John whispered, and leaned forward to gently press his mouth against Sherlock's.
Sherlock looked briefly around the stage, eyes alighting on a block full of fencing swords. He bounded towards it, seized one by the handle, brandishing it with a flourish.
Sherlock flushed and hid his face against John's shoulder. John laughed lightly and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's body. They were curled up together impossibly, and Sherlock couldn't tell how they fit so well intertwined. It was a lot more comfortable than he had imagined it being.
“Yes,” John said, breath hissing through his teeth. “I know.”
John left the room to go find the bag of shopping he'd gotten earlier. He had decided on going to the sex shop from the case, the one that had started this entire venture. It seemed fitting. He wasn't going to use everything he'd bought just yet. But Sherlock didn't have to know that.
Sherlock was so lucky they'd managed to get John for a roommate. At the beginning, Sherlock had never imagined they'd be able to find a roommate that they could stand living with, but John was a minor miracle in many ways. But she wasn't anyone else's miracle, just Sherlock's, a short girl who dressed in the world's ugliest jumpers.
"Slightly," Sherlock replied. "Expand on that point, if you would."
John stared suspiciously at the door of Sherlock's closed bedroom door.
John ran at the naga, dodging the snake’s coils, jumping and leaping towards his goal. He was so preoccupied with the snake half of the naga that he forgot that there was another half. To his surprise, as he got near enough to stab the creature, it whirled around and punched him. The punch sent John effortlessly flying through the air to land on the ground several feet away.
“Hey freak,” someone said behind him, and jostled him.
"I'm not sure what you mean, mate," John said.
. Sherlock lost himself in the slide of their mouths together, the gentle push and pull of it. It had a rhythm to it, one that his body somehow knew already, without any input from his thinking processors.
C won out this time! And now we're finally getting into the actual case. I hope everyone's ready to help Sherlock and John solve a murder!
Gladstone was sleeping outside his door.
"The police, as usual, are focusing on the wrong thing," Posh Bloke said, rolling his eyes. "Obviously, Maggie Jones didn't burn down her own establishment. There are plenty of other charges to bring her up on, but the two deaths of the people locked inside her walk-in refrigerator weren't her fault. Yet. She was probably going to kill them at some point, but not in a way that would bring a ton of police officers snooping around."
"If you say so," John said, eying Sherlock dubiously.
The tip of the sword caught the unfortunate opponent right in the nipple, and John conceded that that had probably hurt a lot. The murderer yowled angrily, hand coming up protectively over the injury. While he was distracted, Sherlock threw the sword away and tackled him.
"Come on, John," Sherlock said, in high excitement. "Case!"
"Come on," John said, walking backwards, pulling Sherlock along by the front of his shirt.
D) Get Mycroft involved.
"Your stop," the cab driver suddenly said, and the bottom dropped out of Sherlock’s stomach.
He found out that he had been in Berlin for almost two weeks, and in between multiple surgeries and the added complication of an infection, he'd been out of it the entire time. The nurses told him that Gladstone had stood guard over him the throughout, and that doctors had decided then that he and Gladstone wouldn't be separated.
The first time they'd tried this, with the handcuffs, had probably been a bit not good. It had ended in a satisfying way for both, luckily, but what it it hadn't? If Sherlock had panicked, he could have done himself some real damage. John wanted to do this type of thing properly this time round, or not at all.
"Thank my cousin," Sherlock said dryly.
“Ah, yes, I did.” Sherlock blushed again.
221b Baker street was a neat little place tucked in between another apartment building and a sandwich shop. John frowned, looking up at it. Surely the enigmatic Sherlock Holmes didn't live in a place like this? But it was the only address he had, so he rang the buzzer, and then clenched his arms nervously behind his back as he waited.
Sherlock froze.
"When I get back, I want you on the bed with the book open to the page, and all the rope we'll need laid out for me," John said, then went back into the kitchen.
"That's just on special occasions then," John said, with a smile that made the corners of his eyes crinkle in a way that made Sherlock’s heart jump.
Reluctantly, Sherlock lay on their stomach on the floor and hid their face in their arms.
protective of his brother.
“You mean I can come with you?” Greg asked in astonishment.
She and John began chatting about inane topics, and Sherlock turned to the aforementioned Mr. Fielding. Sherlock sighed. Well, here went nothing.
"I could just come from this," Sherlock panted.
The dust was finally starting to settle, but Sherlock still didn't know how things could possibly go back to what constituted as normal at Baker street, not after all that had happened.
"John," Sherlock whined, shuffling backwards on his knees, begging John to touch him.
“Bedroom?” John suggested, voice rough, and breath ghosting hot and wet against his throat.
There was a case now.
John finished writing out messages in the Christmas cards and tracking down all the various addresses. Then, horror of horrors, he came over and plopped the stack of cards and envelopes in front of him.
"But why did someone stab him with such a small object?" Lestrade asked. "It probably wouldn't have killed him."
I sighed and accepted my fate. “Very well. Give me a dossier on the case and we'll leave immediately.”
“It is about me,” I said instead. “I don’t want to cause you any discomfort. Especially as you do go on about not being gay.”
I love this chapter a lot. Hope it was worth the wait, to all you chaps who are following this story.
"And you've a got a bit of flour just – here!" John said, running a white flour-covered finger over his cheekbone.
"Why should I do that?" John demanded.
Sherlock felt the blood drain out of his cheeks. He clamped down on the first thought that entered his head and shoved it back down mercilessly. He had taken a long time to learn what to say to a grieving person, and while his initial response was, "How can you still be feeling grief for me, after all this time, and knowing that I'm actually alive," he knew now that it would have been a terribly cruel thing to say to a person.
"What happens next?" John asked.
A) Sherlock wakes up John with nightmares
“A book,” said John. He thought for a second, but couldn’t remember if he’d seen the young woman with a book. He’d been a bit preoccupied at the time.
John trailed his fingers up and down for a while, touching Sherlock in different places. Here, just his fingertips grazing his neck and here, his whole palm cupping Sherlock's knee. As he touched Sherlock, Sherlock would arch into the touched, nudging at John's hands and sighing happily whenever John increased the pressure of his touches.
As far as Sherlock was concerned, this was perfect. Now he could kiss John whenever he liked, and if John was grumpy because of eyeballs in the fridge or forgetting to go get milk, then Sherlock could just kiss him and distract him.
John got his shirt and jeans off, aware that Sherlock was watching him undress. John's pants were damp with precome, and his cock was flushed and thick as it sprung free from its confines.
I drew back, and the first thought that came into my mind was, “John, we’re kissing in a murderer’s closet.”
"He did," John said ruefully. "Told me he hoped you weren't leading me on, like you did him. And I was surprised, because he assumed I was your girlfriend."
C) Tell the truth about the dream
John hesitated, but he hadn't had Chinese in months. Years even.
"Kiss me," Sherlock asked shyly, and John did.
"What does that mean?" John asked defensively.
"What's going on? What are you doing locked in your room?" John asked. "You're normally at the lab till late, or working on your own experiments."
John's weight was warm against their back, and Sherlock closed their eyes.
At first, John thought she meant him and bristled defensively, but then he remembered that Gladstone was also poking around the ruins. She was sniffing the grate and whining in distress, pawing at the drain.
Sherlock stopped and blinked. And blinked again.
"Well, what will it be, Sherlock?" Mycroft asked. "Think you can hold off the insults?"
“I...” I tried to protest.
It was an embarrassingly short time later that he was writhing mindlessly on the bed, tugging at John’s hand to try and warn him of Sherlock’s impending orgasm.
The bartender had gone to start cleaning off empty tables, so John felt safe to reply, "I go through their rubbish bins, of course I know him."
John sighed but followed me.
"That was a good afternoon, wasn't it," Molly said. "I'm sure John must be done whatever it was he was doing now. Do you think it was the letter opener?"
"What?" John asked.
While John had been considering this, he'd missed what had been decided, and Sally and Sherlock had moved on to bickering about something else.
"Sherlock, coming –" John gasped, roughly pulling on his cock as he spilled all over Sherlock's chest as Sherlock kept licking and pressing with his thumb.
But the real problem was that Sherlock smelled divine, and John wanted those same things that Sherlock was thinking about. But that was the main problem for John – he had always wanted to do those things, right from the very first day he'd seen a leggy, skinny git with riotous curls demanding a mobile. But Sherlock only wanted it now because he was in heat.
"It certainly was," John said, and laughed awkwardly.
It turned out, it was not. The naga coiled around again and started surrounding John with its sinuous body. John took a running leap over the coils and did a rolling dodge as the end of the naga’s tail came around.
John followed the path of the ice cube with his tongue, playing with the different sensations. Once the ice cube finally melted completely, John sucked at Sherlock's nipple until Sherlock was arching up underneath him and throwing his head back against his pillow, biting his lip to try and keep the cut-off little noises behind his teeth.
When Sherlock was finally finished, he was shuddering all over.
"Alright," John said gently. "Just choose one."
"No!" Sherlock said.
a) Ask after Malcolm Alexander
John lapped at him in earnest now, the broad flat of his tongue covering him and delving into him, dipping in and teasing him. It was the most pleasant torture Sherlock had ever endured.
D) Say nothing
He didn’t dare hope that John would consider.... No. John had never before given any consideration towards men, let alone Sherlock.
Sherlock lifted the sheet, and John grunted.
Ever the careful friend, my John.
"Nope, wasn't allowed one," John said. "I wanted one. I really wanted an English bulldog, but by the time I got out of school, I'd decided to join the army."
Sherlock hadn't thought of that, actually, but John didn't need to know that. "If I told you, it would ruin the experiment."
"John, if I wanted easy, I wouldn't be me."
He could hear Sherlock's breathing getting louder and pitchier as he licked at Sherlock's hole. He flattened his tongue against Sherlock's perineum and dragged it up slowly and firmly. Sherlock shoulders quivered, and he was muffling whimpers in the pillow underneath his head. John wiggled his tongue agains his opening, pushing and slicking it with saliva.
"Good," said John, and did.
Sherlock sat and realized that John had even gone and got a bottle of wine and some wine glasses that he didn’t remember John owning the last time he’d visited him. A plate of pasta was set in front of him, and another bowl of sliced garlic bread set in between them. John got a corkscrew and opened the wine, pouring them both a glass.
“You alright?” John asked in concern as Sherlock waved his hand about, hissing through clenched teeth.
“It’s true, but Malcolm’s husband Xavier is a local lad. You know, I see him in town quite often. More often than I thought I’d see someone who generally lives in London.”
This is what it came down to: he had to question Mr. Fielding somehow, and that meant researching how to communicate even if both of them had the same impediment. He couldn’t give up over a minor inconvenience.
"If you feel anything stretching too much..."
"As if I give a toss about that," Sherlock sighed, then sank down into his bed. "Besides, you're tired and your shoulder hurts after wrestling the thief to the ground. The position you're currently in will exacerbate it."
"Nothing," Sherlock slurred, trying to cover up again ineffectually.
"Good lad," John soothed, kissing his back.
When he asked John, John had simply said, "It's because I love you, you git."
"I am past my depth in lust and I must swim or drown," Sherlock said, then clapped his hands over his mouth in shock.
"I don't care how much you want to go on a case, Sherlock," John said. "This relationship is finally working out for me, and I don't want to ruin it. You'll just have to go by yourself."
"It's..." Sherlock said, still hesitating. "You'll just think I'm a freak."
Sherlock retaliated by picking up some Thai takeaway on one of the days John hadn’t left him a note and knocking on John’s door.
“Even so, I will give you this amulet,” Mycroft said, reaching into an ornate box and pulling out a necklace with a red crystal. “This stone will start to glow the closer that you get to Sherlock.”
He was starting to get hard again, and John had plans for when he was fully aroused.
Normal was drinking tea, and crosswords, and crap telly on Sundays. Sherlock wanted more than anything in the world that he could get that back, to return to the days where they could collapse against the wall in the hallway and giggle after a case. But that just wasn't a realistic expectation. Not anymore. The two of them had too many scars now.
They finished off the half bottle that was left while sleepily entwined, and once that was done, Sherlock snuggled down into the sheets and pulled John against him.
When he next spoke, his voice was still rough, but deep and rumbling, like a big cat.
He couldn't be doing it on purpose. Not his Sherlock, disdainful of human contact and consummately unaffected. John glanced up again and broke the tip of his pencil, scattering dark grey shards all over his crossword. Sherlock was doing it nonetheless, whether or not it was on purpose.
It was warmer in John's room than out in the hallway, and Sherlock hastily shut the door behind him, leaving John's room in muted light. London was never truly dark. Carefully, he padded to the far side of John's bed and very slowly shifted the covers back.
“Do you… do you like it?” John asked hesitantly from behind him.
"Rough," Sherlock said, his voice husky.
"He thinks he's above the law," Wiggins said with a shrug. "And you know what, he very well might be. But not you and me. We're below the law."
Sherlock gets a little bit turned around, but John doesn't mind.
Sherlock sighed. It was Sebastian Wilkes and one of his cronies. He’d met Wilkes in his undergrad year, and had made a fast enemy. Wilkes had tried to play around with him, like he did so many other people, trying to get them to dance to his tune. Sherlock had seen through it, but not before Wilkes had made Sherlock think he actually had a friend in him.
"It could have been like that before," Lestrade said.
I was ready. I needed to tell John how I felt right now.
"I'll find more evidence later. Ongoing investigation you know. Come, John, let's get out of here," Sherlock edged toward the stairs back up and began quickly and silently making his way up them.
It took Sherlock until midnight that night to realize something very important. He snapped out of his daze on the couch and shot upright. John was asleep, so he couldn’t show him what he had discovered.
Sherlock's insides ached to be filled properly, and not with this rubber replacement. It was impossible to get anything done without the plug in place, and even that only helped a little. Sherlock could feel the slick lubricant dripping down between his thighs, making his pants sticky. This was why he generally avoided this whole mess.
"I know that," Sherlock snapped. "I've tried melting the runes off the rock already, and that hasn't worked."
"We don't know yet," Lestrade said. "We haven't managed to discover his name or anything."
Merlin Consulting, it was called.
Thanks for being patient everyone! I have been doing lots of work over the semester and am writing an 18 page paper for my PhD courses. So I hope you enjoy the fruits of my labour!
"Just say it, John," Sherlock begged. "I promise I won't be angry."
They stepped out of the door, and John whistled. It was a lovely resort, with little houses interspaced with streams and a path with little bridges leading to every one.
"Oi, mate, I can't let that dog in the car," the driver said through the window.
"Are you a good boy, Sherlock?" John asked.
This was more terrible than even before. Cutting it had been a mistake. Now people would really stare at them, at this gigantic mess of hair.
He went back downstairs and found Sherlock in their room, standing at attention. His eyes widened fractionally at the sight of John in his actual uniform, and his throat bobbed. Right on the money, Sherlock was aroused by John wearing combats.
The prompt was Injury!
"Oh!" the woman perked up somewhat. "I even see the resemblance! Yes, he did email me, saying that he couldn't make his reservation, but that he passed it on to you and your boyfriend."
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said.
"Accidentally burned a hole in the wall of my place at Montague," Sherlock said, cheerfully unrepetent. "I'll see you later, Dr. Watson."
“I like that plan better,” said Greg, just as the naga charged.
"Don't be like that, you sod," John said. "We all love hearing you play on the violin."
"Mmm?" Sherlock hummed in return.
"Do you have another suggestion?" Lestrade asked, raising his eyebrows.
"I'm not tying you up this time, Sherlock," John said, running the leather tip along Sherlock's inner thigh. "Your only restraints will be your own willpower. You will keep your hands where they are now."
John was about to say something, but then Sherlock lapped at the underside of his cock, rendering him momentarily speechless. He groaned as Sherlock wrapped a hand around the base, steering the tip into his mouth. His lips looked luscious wrapped around his length, tongue working the underside.
“Where do we start?” asked Molly.
"The daggers already been used on someone today, mate," John said, and Sherlock cringed. Why did John feel like he had to use such chummy words? They hadn't been like that before, and if completely baffled Sherlock as to why John felt the need to call him those types of friendly word now. Unless it was to distance himself from Sherlock.
This was a disaster. They could only hope that once they got home, they'd be able to fix it.
“Are you going to tell me about your nightmare?” he asked.
There was something different about this nightmare. Sherlock had woken John from countless nightmares after they had first met. But none of those instances compared to what he was listening to now.
At the crime scene, Anderson was already leaning over a body and photographing it. Sherlock hastily joined him without even saying anything to Lestrade, who was waiting for them.
John rolled his eyes. What a stupid name, but it was the bard that had given it to him, so what could he do.
John fluttered a kiss over Sherlock's pink, furled hole and Sherlock bucked and whined. Holding him still with his hands, John kissed him again more firmly and mouthed against it, his heated breath making Sherlock shudder.
a) Listen to the conversation and try to ignore John
Not that he was ever going to stop, but it sure made making friends difficult.
"Soon you'll be done, just a few more," John said, even as he laid another mark on Sherlock's cheek.
That's when John knocked on the door, and Sherlock jolted upright in surprise.
Sherlock's heart leapt, expecting that at any moment John would let go, but he didn't. They had been dancing around this for ages, ever since Mary had left. It had never gone farther than touches that could be construed as friendly, however.
He beckoned to John, who came to crouch next to him.
"At least it isn't pink," Sherlock said, collapsing on the bed with a groan.
He lifted his leg and got one foot on the next stair. That was good, he'd already made it as far as he had the previous night. He lifted his other foot, wavered for a moment, and plonked it down next to the other one. Good. Progress.
Sherlock dashed off before things could become even more pedestrian. His skin all along his collar felt hot, and he had the terrible suspicion that he might be blushing. There was a full length mirror in the lobby, and it confirmed them. Dreadful. His cheekbones and the tips of his ears were all rather noticeably flushed.
"Yes, of course I do," John said heavily.
"Of course we must," John said. "Can't leave out Mrs. Hudson."
Good?
There was a noise on the stairs, and Gladstone bounded up them, looking all sleek and clean as well. John knelt down the hug her, and she wagged her tail. Two people followed her up the stairs.
“Whatever you’re thinking, it’s not like that at all. I promise,” John said. “Now come on, get the curry, and come with me.”
"I... I, um," Sherlock said.
John checked the shower as well, just to be sure, before turning it to its actual purpose.
John kissed the tip of their nose and giggled. Sherlock blinked and looked down at John, who was highlighted by the citylight coming in through the window.
"John?" he asked when the bed gave a little as John sat back down.
"Spit it out, Holmes," he barked.
They left the old warehouse, and Sherlock dusted himself off thoroughly before John hailed a cab to take them to the Diogenes Club, which is where Sherlock knew Mycroft frequented on this day of the week. Sherlock wanted to remind John that speaking wasn't allowed, but was unsure of how it would come out.
John seemed to fall asleep almost straight away, his soft snores filling the room. But I couldn’t seem to get there, chasing dreams and foggy inspiration well unto midnight. It was so strange sharing a bed with John. He was so far away from me, but also so close. If I shifted just a little I’d be able to feel the heat radiating off him in the night. It too me a long while to fall asleep.
His neighbour’s door was wide open, and there were stacks of boxes piled up in the hallway and propping the door open.
"Why should I come, give me one good reason," Sherlock demanded.
"Mine," Sherlock said regretfully, since he rather enjoyed lying surrounded by John's scent. "I can have control of the environment if it's mine."
"Yes, damn it, I am!" Sherlock yelled, throwing his head back. "I'm begging you!"
"I... " Sherlock swallowed hard. "I could scrub the latrines, sir."
John grinned and hovered over Sherlock, straddling his torso, but not putting any weight on him, not yet. He started unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt. With his arms shackled above his head like that, John couldn't completely remove it, but that was just fine with John. He could reach what he was after anyway.
They went back and forth for a while. Sherlock found out that John had never broken a bone, gone to Australia (full of poison things John), set himself on fire (it was
“What do you mean you don’t know where they went?” asked Malcolm sharply, but I hardly registered that this might be a bad situation.
"Oh, Sherlock," John said, coming to sit next to them on the floor. "What have you done?"
Before Sherlock had quite processed what was happening, John broke away and asked, "Is that... alright?"
John looked up at him and frowned.
“My turn,” he slurred, still a little out of it from all the endorphins rushing through his bloodstream.
But this was very interesting information. John had, by his own admittance, given somebody a blowjob. Of course, that person could have been a trans woman, but John's reaction suggested that was not the case. Who had it been? Somebody in the army? Now that Sherlock knew that, he wondered if John had ever slept with a man.
Sherlock looked at him sheepishly. "I just wanted to try it out..."
Now, Alice wasn’t supposed to even be a suspect, but she’d been in contact with Malcolm a few days before the murder. And she’d been in contact with him before every murder that had happened. Malcolm, too, upon investigation, had been in the area of several of the murders, but there hadn’t been many witnesses.
Sherlock considered that maybe it was worth a papercut for the excuse of having John kiss him better.
But something deeper inside of Sherlock was begging as well, and he cried out in pleasurable agony.
"Ah, yes, the dog," said the nurse. "We were told not to separate you. The doctors said that it would be best, would help with the recovery process. It is not usual, but this is a special circumstance."
B) Offer to sleep on the floor
Gladstone knew what to do. Gladstone was an army dog, and had been trained well by Bill. John didn't order the dog to do a thing, but she still got her head under his good arm and tried to help him move. The only thing John could do to help was hook his arm around her shoulders and hang on as she tried to drag him to safety.
"That's a kid's game, John." Sherlock said with an eyeroll. "I'm 36."
"Oh, John," he said, turning to look at him from the doorway. "One more thing."
They were doing this together, whatever it was. Sherlock had to remember this, above all else, that he wasn't doing this alone anymore.
"But –"
"You still act about five at times," John said, and grinned.
"Not that we've found," Donovan snapped. "Why?"
Sherlock closed his eyes.
"Handcuffs," John said.
"I didn't think so," Sherlock said. "Well, now that you know what's going on, you should go away and let me get through this on my own."
"Obviously," Sherlock said, rolling their eyes.
John sank his fingers into Sherlock's curls and pulled his head down so that he could press their lips together. He teased Sherlock's lips with his, brushing lightly, sipping at Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock made a pleading noise in his throat and squirmed in John's lap. John gasped, hands going down to Sherlock's hips and thrusting up. He brushed against the end of the plug, which was still inside Sherlock.
He picked up the riding crop and examined it, turning it over in his hands. Real leather, supple, springy – this was an actual riding crop and not just a prop. Expensive. Someone had oiled it recently.
John unlocked the door for them, as Sherlock’s fingers were trembling too much to be of much use. John took him by the hand, much more gently than Sherlock had anticipated, and drew him along behind him. Sherlock followed, heart still pounding.
Had got the note. In fact, it was in his pocket at this very moment, where Sherlock had put it, and was going to take out again later to admire. A note for Sherlock. A note written in John’s jagged handwriting. A note signed with John’s initials. For Sherlock.
Sherlock tried to get across the idea of Mycroftness through mime. It was better than whatever verse it was he was speaking now. John was right, it probably wasn't Shakespeare. Whatever it was, it was probably even more difficult to comprehend.
That was heavenly. Just the fact he had hot water was excellent, but the fact it was also sluicing away layers of grime was wonderful. There were a bunch of posh-looking bottles with shampoo and soap in them that smelled of sandalwood. He scrubbed his mess of hair out at least five times and was thrilled to feel the squeak of cleanliness.
John put the bookend down.
John shifted even closer to me, and for a moment I wondered what he could be doing. My breath hitched.
"No." Sherlock sighed.
At that very moment, someone knocked at the open door.
"Only every other – ah!" Sherlock lifted his head and glared down at John. "Not the stomach, I told you!"
And wasn't that just the problem. He was already in too deep, and he'd only been here for one night. Therapists had told him he'd had trust issues, of all things, and here he was just going along with this madman on whatever adventure he wanted. John hardly knew anything about him, but damn him, he was the best thing to happen to John since he'd been shot.
"You're so lovely," he murmured, running his fingers down Sherlock's side.
He moved, and his head hurt, dehydration hitting him. He hadn't wanted to move before, and now he wanted to move even less. He knew he should drink some water, maybe take something for the pain in his head, but logic wasn't working at this moment.
“Indeed,” said Sherlock. “You’ll have to try something else.”
“Who are you? What do you want?” he demanded, reaching for his sword.
John wasn’t even that interesting. He was just another neighbour, albeit a slightly less annoying one than before.
John had insisted they go shopping together for presents after Sherlock had said that John could just put both their names on the gifts. Somehow, that had translated to being here, during the Christmas rush.
“I considered putting some of my agents on this case as well,” Mycroft continued. “But it still stands that you are the best at fieldwork. Not to mention your relationship with Dr. Watson has always been suspect in the media.”
Rooftops. Sherlock really needed to take far more cases involving chasing suspects across rooftops if it made John look like that.
The naga simply hissed and laughed at her, coiling and uncoiling its iridescent body as it moved closer.
Sherlock blinked at the note and then looked at the stuff he’d just put down. He’d borrowed a few things from the chem lab in order to carry out a few experiments at home. Also all of his textbooks, because it turned out most of them were useless to him and he planned to use them as bookends, since they were heavy enough.
Sherlock missed John, and wished that he could be here. Rather, wished he was back at Baker street. John would probably be watching telly right now.
"Do you want to stop?" John asked.
He picked up some dog food for Gladstone, and a sandwich for himself, and as he was leaving, he remembered that Wiggins had mentioned a kid with infected track marks and got some rubbing alcohol and cotton balls. He pointedly ignored the fact that as he'd made his way around the store, one of the employees had started tailing him, trying to covertly keep an eye on him. It was painfully obvious, but John had found that confrontation never worked in his favour, however much it mortified him to be considered nothing more than a criminal waiting to happen.
"Is this better?" John asked.
The thing was, Sherlock hadn't thought they would be able to escape. And he'd brought a lot of them – an excessive amount, now that he reconsidered the number based on the fact they had escaped and were loose in the flat. Sherlock hadn't even noticed they'd escaped for the majority of the day, because he'd been distracted by a cold case from Lestrade.
“Come on over, I’ll get the front door - oops!”
“What?” she asked, wrinkling her nose. “What the hell do you mean by that?”
"Okay," Sherlock said.
"A cigarette lighter?" Sherlock asked, breathlessly.
He took out the glowing amulet, which had grown brighter the closer that he got to the cliffs edge when he had checked earlier. But now that it was out in the open, it was glowing brighter than ever, and blinking quickly, like a heartbeat.
"Renegotiate?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
"The battlefields of London, you said," John murmured.
"What if you're outed, and then you ruin the investigation?" Sherlock argued. "John and I can handle it ourselves!"
John sheathed his sword and went around the dead naga’s body. Sherlock really had torn the monster in half as if it were nothing. He searched around in the bush, doing a grid pattern like he’d been taught in knight training.
He left.
“What?” Sherlock asked self-consciously, reaching up to flatten his hair.
Sherlock made a high-pitched yelp and his hands grabbed onto the scarves and clung on. John circled Sherlock's nipple with the ice cube, watching as it slowly melted, dribbling tiny rivulets of water down Sherlock's side. Sherlock made little gasping pants and then whined as John closed his mouth around the same nipple.
"I'm sorry, what?" John asked incredulously.
It took much too long to realize that there were warm arms wrapped tightly around me, and a soft voice was saying in my ear, “You’re okay, Sherlock. You’re okay; I’m here for you.”
“How do you expect to find them?” asked Mycroft.
“A lifetime’s worth, if possible,” John said back.
And then, John was struck with a marvelous idea.
I wasn’t going to, but I found myself drifting into sleep.
"Bugger that lot," John said, pulling Sherlock closer against her. "If anyone says anything about it, I'll punch them for you. How does that sound?"
"I have no idea," Sherlock responded honestly. "I haven't ever orgasmed during a sexual encounter."
"Yes," Sherlock said, their mouth tightening unhappily.
One finger slid down his back, tracing a scar.
Sherlock nodded.
John seemed strangely complacent about the fact their flat was mostly uninhabitable, and didn't even complain as the two of them ate Chinese out of take away boxes on the stairs. John had gone upstairs while they were waiting and found Sherlock a t-shirt and shorts to wear. They invaded Mrs. Hudson's flat to watch some telly, and Mrs. Hudson admonished Sherlock's carelessness.
"Well," John replied, voice husky. "I've got you."
"You're so tall," John giggled against their throat. "Come here."
And he couldn’t even say John’s name to get his attention.
Sherlock's lip wobbled, and he repeated, "I want you to fuck me... John."
"Got it!" Donovan crowed.
"Can it stop doing that?" Donovan asked. "Service dog, my arse."
"You'll get a reward if you're a good lad and eat the food I made," John said.
"We could take the tube," Sherlock said.
Should have somehow made it better.
"What was that, Sherlock?" Molly asked.
"I'm not afraid," John said. "They're just creepy. Ugh, gives me the heeby-jeebies."
," Sherlock argued.
“You study at the university?” John asked.
"Are you all right, Mr. Fielding?" asked Chantelle, looking up from her conversation with John. "If he's getting upset, maybe you should go."
"What about you?" Lestrade asked. "Do you think you could act like a couple successfully with Sally or John?"
"What do you
Sherlock wanted to say, 'Only with you by my side, John,' but he couldn't say anything without it coming out in lines of Shakespeare. With all of Shakespeare's love sonnets out there, that would probably end in disaster.
"Come on, Sherlock," John cajoled. "I'd feel weird buying Christmas presents for everyone else and not getting one for my favourite person."
"Sorry?" Molly asked in surprise.
The figure made a small, outraged noise before slumping in defeat.
John looked up slowly and regarded the person in front of him with a level gaze. It was a store clerk from the shop next door to the bench.
The door clicked open, and Posh Bloke dashed through.
John wouldn't have thought anything of that except for the man himself was somehow otherworldly. John couldn't say exactly why he thought that, and if asked, wouldn't have been able to put his finger on the oddity that surrounded him.
John came out of the bathroom, hair still damp. My heart did something odd in my chest and I grimaced at the sharpness of its bite. John came up beside me, and he smelled of damp skin and soap.
"Harder," he pleaded. "I need – harder,
"Ah, there he is!" Posh Bloke exclaimed in an excited whisper. "He's leaving... yes, good. Locking up for the night."
"I'm sure there'll be another one soon," John said soothingly, grabbing his hand and rubbing the back with his thumb.
It was in a shop window, displayed to perfection, and Sherlock knew right then, that this was what they needed to complete the image they wanted to present.
"So you got him to come out then?" he asked John. "How'd you manage that?"
"What?" Sherlock asked breathlessly.
Sherlock stood at the bottom of the stairs to John's room and stared up at John's door. After the "experimental" bed sharing incident, Sherlock told John that he didn't need any further experimental sessions. John had been completely neutral about this announcement, neither disappointed nor relieved.
"No, I just thought that since we can't even enter most of our flat, we should go out to get dinner," John said reasonably.
John was generally accepting of the strangest things, even Sherlock's oddities, but Sherlock still didn't know how she would react to Sherlock's gender identity.
"I'm not hungry," Sherlock replied through the door.
Sherlock was down there somewhere getting them both some coffee. It wasn't the coffee he was used to, but he liked it. Sherlock loved it, and John wondered if he'd bring some back to London.
“Liar, Sherlock,” said Molly.
"Ha!" Sherlock cried as one of his thrusts broke through the murderer's defense.
"Whatever you would like," John replied.
"Have I got plans for you," he said to Sherlock, voice pitched just for his ears.
"Will be?" John asked in confusion.
"Never!" John replied, grinning.
Very slowly, I shuffled closer to the centre as John climbed in as well and snuggled down.
"Later, Sherlock," John said, shaking his head. "Now, where's the book?"
And then, Gladstone rushed off, rounded the end of the bar and went behind. John followed, frowning as he watched her start pawing at the rubber mat underneath her feet. It was one of those ones bar owners put down for traction behind the bar. John lifted it up and found that there was a trapdoor, probably to a cellar underneath to store barrels to feed beer up to the taps.
"She did..." Sherlock said. "But I was about five."
John had largely given up on trying to hide new acquisitions from Sherlock, because somehow, he always knew when John was up to something. So he ordered his latest new toys from a website, using his own email, and directed it to be delivered to 221b. He knew Sherlock would figure it out.
This is a very belated birthday for Scarlet-Dragonwill. Sorry I didn't see your message in my overflowing inbox until now!
He was falling – down, down, down...
Sherlock threw it across the room, thought better of it, retrieved it, soaked it in ethanol solution with their gloved hands shaking, and set it ablaze. It didn't burn for long, and in the meantime, Sherlock frantically searched for an alternate hair-tying implement.
"What's tomorrow?" Sherlock asked sulkily from the sofa.
"Oh, I like that noise," John murmured against his lips. "Let's see if there are other ways to make you make it."
"Have some mulled wine?" John asked.
“Another reason that you two will blend in,” said Mycroft. “Given that you're always in the news.”
“Don’t stop!” Sherlock said, clinging to that one word in terror. He grasped John around the shoulders and refused to let go.
"Is this okay," John asked, holding the dildo up.
"If I open the door, do you promise not to laugh?" they finally asked.
"But..."
Sherlock Holmes, world's only consulting detective, whirled around their crime scene in delight. There were three victims already, and the fourth was about to break this case wide open.
"Fuck," he said again, because he couldn't think of anything else to say.
“Sshh,” John said. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
"I've already taken my own advice to heart," John said with a chuckle. "I'm just more used to it than you are."
"You have chlamydia, you're cheating on your wife with that guy, and that guy's secretly a drag queen. Also, half of you are coming off a marijuana high right now. Good marijuana, imported from Canada," Sherlock said, spouting off the information without really thinking about it.
"Not as far as I could throw you. Now remember, unless this goes off without a hitch, you won't see a single quid."
And then Sherlock knew: he was being seduced.
"Gladstone is a service dog," John said slowly. "Is there any way to get underneath this butcher shop? A trap door, walk space, anything?"
While John was making them both dinner by mixing in some frozen vegetables with instant ramen noodles, Sherlock received a text from Mycroft. As tempted as they were to ignore it, Sherlock knew that Mycroft would just pester them, and the continuous texts might draw John's attention.
"I'm not like Victor Trevor," John said.
Sherlock snorted and rolled over. He knew who Shakespeare was, which was good enough for the spirit of British pride, wasn't it?
“Yes, if they’re somewhere snooping around, I’ll find them,” said Malcolm.
Mr. Fielding just shrugged and shook his head, so Sherlock had no idea whether he had been understood or not. Well, he had gotten everything that he could from this visit at least.
B) Lie
The tailor was obviously high-end, but although their dimensions were obviously not what was expected, the name Holmes made the tailor switch from reticent to accommodating in moments.
Mycroft had even used "they" like Sherlock did in their own mind. John hadn't appeared to even notice this variation, but Sherlock had picked up on it immediately.
“I’m sure they’ll fix it eventually,” Sherlock said, without holding out any real hope for such an event.
"Here you are, Mr. Fielding. This is Sherlock Holmes and John Watson! They want to talk to you," Chantelle said brightly, smiling at John.
When they got back, Sherlock went and dug around under his bed, pulling out a rather impressive collection of different kinds of rope. Never mind John's book, how had Sherlock managed to hide all
What he could do was try and find out more about the building itself. Who owned it, and why was it in such a state of disrepair? Why had Mr. Fielding circled it on the map when he had been found surrounded by the matchboxes elsewhere, on the other side of London, in fact?
"Obvious. It's exactly the same distance away from the door hinge as the door is wide. Why do I have to explain things to imbeciles?" Sherlock said.
He married. He loved and lost. And then he fell into a quagmire without letting me know how I could help. And still, I wondered if it were a conflict of interest, because I loved him, and I wanted him to be happy.
"Harder, you say?" John said softly, his breath whispering over the slick head of Sherlock's erection. "You know, Sherlock, only good boys get what they ask for."
"There's a good lad," John whispered, and kissed the back of his neck.
Sherlock undressed slowly and laid his suit out over one of the chairs for the next day. Because he hadn't been able to plan for an overnight stay without giving away his plan, he didn't have a change of clothes. He shimmied into the bed next to John, and sighed as the heat of the hot water bottle warmed him up. He hadn't even realized he'd been chilly.
John said, "I could jump your bones all over again in this moment, Sherlock Holmes."
“Yes, I know that detective and his sidekick are here. No, they won’t catch us. I have an airtight alibi ready to deploy, as always.”
"It just does, Sherlock!" John said, voice raised. "It just does."
"You love it," Sherlock said with a grin.
"Oh," Sherlock said, hands hesitant to touch, but clearly wanting to.
And then promptly whined as John wrapped his lips around Sherlock's cock and bobbed his head up and down, licking at the underside and rubbing at that soft spot behind his balls. He made a soft, desperate noise when John drew away, and went back to his design.
to find out, had to be the one to discover all the secret nooks and crannies of John Watson.
Sherlock slunk up behind the couch and waited for John to turn around, but John seemed captivated by what was happening on the screen.
"Sandwich," John said with a small smile. "Got chased off a bench though."
"Don't call him that," John said. "If it wasn't for him, you'd never have found the entrance, nor would you have realized that there was a person trapped down there to begin with."
Sherlock came back from class to find a note on his door. He grabbed it off the door with his teeth, carrying too much and not wanting to put any of it down. He scrabbled with his keys, kicked the door open and immediately dropped everything he’d been carrying and took the note out of his mouth.
"It looks like Santa is on the naughty list this year," Lestrade said from nearby.
John stood, leaving Sherlock on the couch.
"There you are, sweetheart, come on, come for me," John said.
Sherlock felt beloved.
“Well,” John said. “Let’s get a cab then.”
"Really, you can promise that?" Sherlock asked.
"We should make this into a game," Sherlock suggested.
"Hurry and get in, you're letting the cold in!" John mumbled.
“Oh, Sherlock, it’s not like that,” John said. “We were just studying, that’s all.”
I forgot. I forgot what I was going to say.
Sherlock got in the door of 221b and immediately dropped all of the bags he had been carrying. Now that they were in the flat, John could deal with the pesky task of wrapping, thanks ever so.
"Shut up," he whispered in return, and slipped into the bed next to John.
I must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next thing I knew, someone was nudging me awake.
"I wouldn't rather," Sherlock said. "Stay."
He didn't expect to see the strange man with the long coat again.
“I suppose I should go, let you get your stuff unpacked,” Sherlock said eventually, still feeling odd and out of sorts.
John and Sherlock investigate some rooms.
He found a tiny, miserable little bedsit to hole up in for a while. It was like being a spy or a secret agent – trying to blend in with this world of the ordinary, trying to pass for one of them was stressful. He felt like they could see right through him, like if they looked at him, they would see right down to his sand-blasted soul, see the people he'd shot while looking down the barrel of his Sig, see his blood-stained fingers still trying to hold someone's organs inside them.
"And the gag?" John asked. "Mind you, I know a lot of people who would love to gag you, but I'd never have thought you would voluntarily let that happen."
"Because she only reacts like that when she's found someone trapped underneath rubble and wants us to help get them out," John said. "She's only urgent about getting our attention if there's a chance we can save them and we're not just recovering bodies. Which means –"
“It amazes me that you are still able to antagonize your brother when you can only speak in literary gibberish,” John said.
“I think maybe a nice train ride will do us some good,” he said.
He took a step forward and froze again.
Sherlock took out the matchbox from his pocket, and upon seeing it, Mr. Fielding quickly backed away, eyes wide.
b) Let John figure out the situation
Some of the Yarders, including Lestrade and Donovan climbed down to help investigate, but it didn't seem to be helping. There was nothing to see down there except dust and dirt. Sherlock was getting more and more frustrated, and taking it out on the Yarders.
“It’s utter nonsense,” Sherlock replied. “But I suppose I could.”
He never did get his text sent off to John.
"My early birthday present?" asked John. "This better not be all you got me, you naughty creature."
"My legs are still trembling too much to stand," Sherlock said, looking awed. "You have literally incapacitated me with pleasure."
John reached his hand in between their sweat-slicked bellies and grasped Sherlock's cock. He took them both in hand. Sherlock gasped wordlessly.
John considered this, and then shook his head.
"I did," Lestrade said. "She claims that she had no enemies and can't think of who could possible want to burn her restaurant down. However, not only have we found clear signs this was an arson, but we happen to know that Maggie Jones was definitely running drugs out of this restaurant, if not currently, at least in the past."
“Like you didn’t already know who I am, Sir John,” said the dragon. “But if you insist on niceties. I’m Sherlock.”
Happy birthday
take you!”
He didn't bother putting on anything but his combat trousers and boots. They did still fit, if a bit tightly around the middle, but it wasn't as if they were staying on for that long anyway.
Most people also seemed to think that they should apply the word to his emotions as well. But Sherlock had to admit that he wasn't always as withdrawn from emotions as he wished.
"Should I guess which word came to your mind?" Sherlock asked.
"Yes, fine, just don't try and come in," Sherlock replied.
. Sherlock yelped. "Punished."
"Think she'd like bath salts?" John asked.
Happy birthday
"You're not weak, Sherlock," John said. "You know I've known soldiers that have been captured and tortured, and I didn't once think they were weak. Rather, you're stronger than you can even imagine."
"Well, I'm kind of in the middle of something," John said, glancing at Sherlock. "Yeah, I'll keep you updated. I think we'll be done with this soon though."
Sherlock's case is getting more and more complicated.
"Yes, and as fast as we can," John determined. He addressed the man himself. "Hello? Hello, can you hear me? My name is John Watson. I'm a doctor. We're here to help you."
"O, let me not me mad, not mad, sweet heaven; keep me in temper; I would not be mad!" Sherlock exclaimed, and then pouted.
Sherlock felt a lump in their stomach, and they inched away from John. Just when they thought everything would clear up, John had to bring up this awkward topic. Of course, she didn't know that Sherlock was in love with her, but it was still horrible to have to pretend that it didn't mean anything to them at all.
"You're going to come," John observed.
It seemed simple enough. I just had to do some snooping around while also pretending to be John’s... ugh... boyfriend and it would be an easy open and shut case.
"Good," John said.
"Will you come out of there?" John asked. "I hate yelling at you through the door."
“I think that was mentioned, yeah, but Mycroft was mostly concerned about you,” said John. “He wants to turn you into a human again.”
"Where's Gladstone?" John asked.
“Boring,” I said, not looking up from my experiment.
Sherlock watched as John slid the dildo into a condom and slicked it up with lube. First, John slid his fingers into Sherlock, searching around until he found the bump of Sherlock's prostate. Sherlock was leaking in earnest onto his flat stomach, and when John hit his prostate, his cock jerked slightly against his belly and dripped more sticky fluid next to his navel.
John gave him a pointed look. Sherlock scowled in return and took a sip of his bourbon. He accidentally took a larger gulp than he meant to and ended up coughing and sputtering as some of it went down the wrong way.
John sucked at the head of Sherlock's cock, pleased to taste the salty-bitter flavoured pre-ejaculate leaking from his slit. He lapped at it, teasing more out. He pulled back and slowly stroked his wet hand over Sherlock's cock while simultaneously reaching into the bag until he found what he needed.
"You can see them, there and there. This whole hallway is covered," Lestrade slumped. "No one except the nurses and a single doctor are on that camera. Obviously we have anyone who entered the room in custody for questioning, but not a single one can tell us what happened. It's as if a ghost killed him."
He stayed there for a good ten more minutes before he managed the next step. The next one was easier, and to Sherlock's surprise, the higher he climbed, the easier it was. All he'd had to do was get the ball rolling, as it were.
John licked the left wing of Sherlock's collarbone, that curved as gracefully as the arch of any fine work of architecture. He exhaled hotly into the space between Sherlock's pecs, and it stirred the delicate hairs decorating that area.
Living rough was hard sometimes, but whenever he thought about it, returning to his old life, he was terrified. He might never go back now.
to a compliment?
"Don't get used to this, I'm not your housekeeper!" a voice from downstairs said.
"I don't know, perhaps if my brother is quite finished with the insults in Shakespeare's tongue, then I can help you with a little something," Mycroft said. "That, and my earlier requirement."
Sherlock opens the door.
Finally, he was in front of the door, and everything was quiet.
It was Sherlock who had excluded Sherlock, because Sherlock didn't think that anyone would be attracted to them, never mind the one person they actually had feelings for.
"Never have I ever kissed a dominatrix," John said, grinning triumphantly.
I raised my eyebrows and gestured my head in John's direction. “What he said.”
"That was barely a two," Sherlock complained as he and John started walking back to Baker Street.
"Yeah, well," John said in a funny, half-hysterical sort of way. "Like I said, if something can't be described accurately in one word, you should be able to use two."
John's fingers jolted them out of their daze as they found the edge of Sherlock's sports bra. Sherlock reached up to stop them.
“It’s almost time to start again,” John said. “Sherlock…”
They were punished.
Sherlock ignored the museum curators histrionics in favour of watching John hold the thief's arm behind his back as he sat across the backs of his knees to prevent his escape. He was so engaged with Watson-watching that he didn't notice as Sally Donovan got an arm under him and half-lifted half-dragged him out to the back of an ambulance.
“I’m about ready to call it for the day,” said John.
"Remind me what your safeword is," John said, running the crop over the mark he'd left.
"Do you mind?" John asked, mouth hovering next to his ear.
Eventually, Sherlock managed to get his point across by finding the newspaper clipping from the case and underlining the relevant information.
“I noticed that you have an amulet,” the owner of the inn said.
Mycroft paused mid-speech and snapped his mouth shut. He looked at John very closely for a few long seconds, before nodding slowly.
And he certainly didn't want to be cruel to John.
"No, I am not happy!" John said back.
"You would bring that up," John said.
"Because I want you to be there," John said.
John refuses to give up without an answer
“Looks like we need to get rid of these,” John said, hooking his thumbs in the waistband and pulling them off carefully.
"By Music, minds an equal temper know, nor swell too high, nor sink too low. If in the breast tumultuous joys arise, music her soft, assuasive voice applies," Sherlock said, playing something softer as he thought of John going away with Chantelle and leaving Sherlock by himself.
Eventually, it happened. John knew it was coming.
"Ah, perfect," he murmured to himself as he found what he wanted inside.
"Sherlock, let your mother have her fuss," said his father. "You know how she worries."
"And if I move them?" Sherlock asked, his voice a low rumble.
Hello all! I finally updated this fic. I'm hoping to finish it sometime in the future. Let me know what you think. This is pretty much a crack fic, but in the very least there will be some John/Sherlock action in the future chapters.
knight.”
"Sherlock," he said gently. "I can't help but notice how you react to certain touches. I think we need to discuss what won't alarm you, so that we can avoid those particular touches. Otherwise, our cover will be blown. Real couples don't jerk away from one another unless they're angry with each other."
I hope you all like Gladstone. I just really like German Shepherds.
"I'm alright, girl," he said, scratching her ruff. "Just let me up, will you, girl?"
"What isn't?" John asked.
"It'll burn to the ground, I promise, Len."
“Sorry!” the man yelled, voice muffled from behind the stack.
*~*~*
Sherlock found a ring one day, hidden in John's sock drawer. It wasn't an elaborate ring. It was a plain gold band, quite heavy, and polished until gleaming bright. It didn't have an inscription.
"Give thy thoughts no tongue," Sherlock said.
"Huh," John said musingly. "Why do you always make me fight the criminals then?"
“Molly is
“No, she definitely ran away so she wouldn’t have to marry anyone old and annoying,” said Sherlock. “That’s something I can respect.”
"Sherlock!" he admonished. "What did you do now? Why do you have that homeless guy's dog?"
Happy birthday
of this, so excuse me for being a little worried!" John replied angrily.
a) wait for Malcolm and his accomplice in the garden
"Mmm," Sherlock murmured, hands pressing to John's chest, which hadn't lost all of its definition from John's army days.
"Wrong," Sherlock said with a smile. "There is every need to be smug."
my one true love,” said Sherlock with another laugh. “I don’t have a true love.”
Sherlock groaned and thrust up as John palmed him through his borrowed boxers.
He chose not to mention all the traffic difficulties of snow and how the hospitals and the police would probably be very busy today. Not to mention, anyone that slipped in it would be showing up at the clinic today.
Sherlock lay there panting for several minutes, little shivers still running through his body. John waited patiently, even though his cock was throbbing against the zip of his jeans.
"You're thinking of leaving," Sherlock said quietly.
, it had big barrels of beer lined up with feeds to take the beer up to the taps above. There were spare barrels of the local favourites around, but not much else besides.
"But he was in the hospital," John protested.
Slowly, Sherlock relaxed into the mattress, and he buried his nose in the comforter.
The room spun into focus, and the glare of the clock on the nightstand bore right into my eyes. It was okay, I was okay, I was safe.
He was so ridiculous.
“Sherlock,” he said.
"Police," Sherlock said. "Obvious."
"It's fine," Sherlock said, waving a hand. "I'll become accustomed soon, and then you needn't worry."
Sherlock would never know how long it would have taken for John to get around to putting his mouth somewhere interesting, because at that exact moment, the fire alarm went off. Not just the alarm in the flat, but inside the building. It broke the silence in an intrusively blaring fashion, causing Sherlock to scramble backwards and right off the other side of the bed in surprise.
Sherlock wanted to say not to worry, that he and John were going to catch whoever had made all these matchboxes and find a way to fix them. Instead, he held the man's eyes and nodded briefly, then went over to the pile of old newspapers lying on one of the tables. He rapidly searched through until he found the one announcing his return. He brought it back to the table where Mr. Fielding was.
Donovan was already standing by the dart board, and Sherlock watched as she sunk a dart into the board, very close to the bullseye mark. She grinned and threw a couple more, both of which came equally close. She collected the darts and handed them off to Lestrade, and he also put them somewhat close to the centre. They weren't playing by the rules, as far as Sherlock could deduce, but he didn't think that was the point anyway.
"You know why," Sherlock said, and huddled further into his seat.
"John, please just fuck me already," Sherlock pleaded.
He was babbling, and he didn't care, as something hot and simmering built up in his lower abdomen. He was so close, he just needed a bit more.
John turned to him, and before he could stop himself, his mouth was off and running.
“There’s a lad,” he said. “No need to be scared. I’m here.”
"I..." Sherlock looked away, afraid of disappointing John. "I would prefer to keep this on."
"Okay," John said gently.
Btw, I don't currently have any social media connected to my fanfiction writing since I deleted my Tumblr about a year ago. What social media does everyone here have and what kind of account would you recommend I get? I have other personal accounts, but no fanfiction or fanart account, so I'd like everyone's advice. Thanks!
"I'm not going after a bad boy if that's what you're thinking," John snorted. "As if that ever ends well."
“What do you mean by that, John,” I asked, but I knew. And he knew.
Sherlock nodded again. Chicago wasn't the worst one he could be forced to see. At least there was murder in it.
John carefully set the cups down.
John looked down at him in concern.
paying attention after all. Sherlock shifted closer again with more purpose, until a line of warmth from John's close proximity burned up his side.
"J-john, John," Sherlock's ragged voice against his ear made John's groin throb.
"Is this a good position for you?" John asked.
John grinned, the started drawing something very complex just over Sherlock's stomach, making it quiver slightly. He could see Sherlock trying to work it out, fingers flexing over the scarves tying him to the bedframe.
"I see you've figured it out," a voice said to his left.
Eventually, Sherlock raised his head and smiled, eyes still blown wide from the rush of endorphins.
"You have a concussion," John reminded him.
Sherlock sighed. What to do, what to do?
The problem was, they were all poisoned.
Sherlock finally meets John and makes an interesting choice.
He took out his violin.
He came back and knocked on the door, trying to breathe through his mouth to stop himself from inhaling any of the sweet scent of omega.
“No,” John said flatly.
A gentle snore from my right indicated that John had fallen asleep on my shoulder. I sighed. It seemed to easy for John, so why was it so hard for me? Maybe because my feelings were real. I carefully rested my cheek on top of John’s head and went back to reading the dossier.
"My crime scene assistance?" John shook his head, wondering when he'd ended up in a dream world like this one. "About that, I don't even know what you want me to do!"
John reached down and started stroking Sherlock's cock again, feeling it throb in his hand, slick with leaking fluid.
He waited for John to be finished, then said triumphantly, "Adrenaline!"
Ten years later...
"Good lad," John said, and gently rubbed Sherlock's nipple with his thumb. "Now, we're going to play a game Sherlock. You're allowed to speak for this one, but only in one-word answers. Is that clear?"
Sherlock gaped at him.
Sherlock glared, and John answered by lifting his arms up to remove his jumper. He made sure to stretch his arms up above his head to expose the line of flesh right between his vest and his jeans.
Sherlock swallowed again, hard. This was unexpected. A frisson of heat ran down his spine and settled in his abdomen. Sherlock wasn't sure how to describe John's expression, but he looked as if only his sense of decency was holding him back from ravaging Sherlock right there in the back of the cab.
My back burned, and although I hadn’t made a sound in reality, in my dream I screamed.
He wasn't wrong.
"This is my assistant, Doctor John Watson," Sherlock said. "He's a veteran, and this is Gladstone, his service dog."
There was a row of square-shaped seats to sit on and a little shelf outside the lab for scientists to put their food and beverages on. John sat on one of the seats, and Sherlock joined her, leaning back against the wall.
“You didn’t make a mistake,” John said quietly. “You brought curry? Let’s reheat it, go back to mine, watch some telly.”
It turned out that Sherlock hadn't completely escaped the scourge of ugly Christmas jumpers. Mummy had made some as well, and insisted on Sherlock wearing it. The only upside to this was that Mycroft had to wear one too.
“Be that as it may -”
John kissed his tailbone. "Yes, love?"
"Ah, ah, ah. I don't think so," John said. "Stay here."
"Look, I don't want to get involved in some business dispute," John said. "Not my problem."
John sat down on the edge of the bed and patted his lap.
Sherlock reached out and grasped John by his belt loops, leaning his forehead against John's. John grinned up at him and nipped at his lower lip again. They tumbled backwards as they came up against Sherlock’s bed, and John expertly flipped them over. Reverently, he started unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, and Sherlock struggled out of it awkwardly. John had obviously had recent practice, and Sherlock had no idea what he was doing. Fumbling university tumbles didn't really count as experience as far as Sherlock was concerned.
"Let go, darling, I'm right here," John groaned.
What did that mean?
"I wanted a softer alternative anyway," John said. "I didn't much like the cuts on your wrists after last time."
"It's none of your business!" Sherlock spat, crossing their arms. "Leave me alone!"
Oh, already Chantelle was trying to reel John in by introducing him to her close friends and co-workers. What she didn't realize was that John was skittish about committment, and would rather not meet friends until much later on in the dating timeline. Many before her had made the same mistake.
Once John had returned with it, put it under the covers and snuggled in himself, Sherlock said, "You've been oddly complacent about our change of plans."
"We could try holding on to one another," John suggested.
“Well, then, what we need to do is figure out how to make you a man again,” Molly said.
"No criminal is going to go out in this weather," Sherlock said, waving his hand at the window. "Look at it out. Argh!"
Well shit.
John sighed. "Berk."
“Oh, the curse, right,” said John. “It’s simple. A kiss from your one true love will break it, easy peasy.”
“Yes, Sherlock, that’s absolutely fine,” John said, and programmed his number into Sherlock’s phone.
There was nothing for it but to open the door, and to try and school his expression, not give away how defeated he suddenly felt. It mustn’t have worked, because John’s worried face turned even more anxious when he saw Sherlock’s.
“It does,” John said. “But that's not what I'm here for.”
Sherlock had said to come find him, but now that he was here, he wasn't so sure that Wiggins wasn't right. Gladstone sat down at his side and waited too, tongue lolling out. She wasn't nervous at all, in spite of John's worry.
"Idiot. You're so lucky I..." John said, and shook his head without finishing the thought. "What are you going to wear?"
"Bad things?" John laughed. "This is no minor thing that I can just get rid of. As if you'd know."
"Go on," Sherlock said in what he imagined was a very supportive manner.
Sherlock whimpered as John said that. He loved it when John called him his good lad, so John made sure to say it at least once during their more forceful sessions. To be honest, John rather liked calling Sherlock his anything, and it was adorable how much Sherlock grew flustered when he was called the endearment unexpectedly.
"Do you like her?" John asked tentatively.
Sherlock just smiled sleepily and tried to turn around in John’s arms so that he could finally kiss him. It took a lot more effort to turn over while tangled up in bedsheets, but Sherlock managed. He kissed John’s mouth and breathed in the soft, sweet smell of their combined scents after sleeping in the same bed all night.
While John showered, I broke out the file and flipped through the pages.
"Settle down, would you, chap?" John asked.
John came and stood right outside their door and rapped on it. "I know you hate hanging out in your room – who wouldn't, with it being as tiny as it is. Just come out, I promise I'll be quiet."
“That’s what I said,” Sally said.
"I'm ready," Sherlock said, with difficulty, his hair sticking to his sweat-damp forehead.
I was still feeling trapped and terrified when I woke up suddenly.
They were still contemplating getting up, because it was still late morning, when Sherlock's phone went off next to their ear. Sherlock leapt to get it, forgetting that sudden movements might exacerbate the issue of Sherlock's behind. He hissed in a breath, but answered the phone.
Sherlock was fairly selfish, he realized, but he would give up the experiments, and the organs in the fridge, and never cleaning up after himself if he could just have this one thing.
"Sherlock," John said, sounding more amused than stern. "What am I going to tell Mrs. Hudson?"
Mr. Fielding, who hadn't looked at all like he was inclined to talk to Sherlock at all, suddenly turned to stare at him.
It was snowing outside as Sherlock rested his head against John's thigh on the couch. The fire was going, and everything was pleasantly warm and comfortable. John was pretending to watch some gameshow on BBC Two.
"Hey now, don't be like that," John said, coming over to sit on the couch next to him.
Sherlock was up and out of his chair, scrambling for the bedroom as soon as John was finished speaking. John smiled and breathed in the scent of leather. Ah, it was lovely. He wanted this. It was something he'd wanted for a while now, but he hadn't been sure if Sherlock was okay with impact play. They had been having quite a lot of fun with bondage over the past few weeks, and that had been working out fine for them.
And then John said, "Pupils dilated, pulse is at 90 bpm, flushed skin."
Sherlock made a mental note to glare at the next CCTV camera they saw.
The tape of the van took place after Mr. Fielding had ended up in the hospital. And that meant that somebody else had been driving it out of the warehouse. It could possibly be a family member, but why would they go to the warehouse in the first place?
Happy birthday
“Come on,” he said. “Bring the wine.”
John was called by a boy's name. Sherlock knew for a fact that John was a bit touchy over this subject, because her father had wanted boys and instead had ended up with two girls. So Johanna and Harriet Watson were instead nicknamed John and Harry, and so it had been for their entire lives. Sherlock understood, John had always been pressured into masculine things by her father, and that didn't make her any less a woman. Lots of people said John was "mannish" and more often than not, John said, "Man this!" and punched them in the nose.
"No, he hasn't," Lestrade snapped. "Anyway, we know that this year, he's checking into a resort for Valentine's weekend using the credit card from one Dennis Tanner. His real name is Daniel McQuade, but I imagine he'll be using the name on the card to introduce himself."
"It's real," John said, kissing the back of their hand. "You had better believe it."
"At least an eight, Lestrade said," John said.
b) Walk around the town of Newquay
Who to talk to first?
"You're running away?" Sherlock asked, interest piqued.
John reached up and fastened it around his neck, the doctor in him making sure to check that there was enough room for him to breath easily. Sherlock seemed to puff up once he had the collar on, preening.
He told Gladstone to stay, and went inside.
"Do you mind if I take off my kit?" John asked, hands going to the edge of her abominable jumper.
He finished tuning his violin and set bow to string. John looked up as the first note sang forth, and watched appreciatively as Sherlock played. Sherlock smiled very slightly, relishing in John’s attention.
“His sword vanquishes demons!” he said.
John grabbed her hand and picked up the pace, although her shorter legs meant that Sherlock could keep up with her easily. Sherlock stared down at their joined hands and grimaced slightly. John was always doing things like that, casually touching them or hugging them, or even holding hands, because "girls" were allowed to get away with it.
Sherlock had to say, in spite of his initial embarrassment, it was very pleasing not only to see every officer they met greeting them with a double take, but also for everyone to know that he was very much taken. John kept a rather possessive arm around his waist the entire time they were there, and Sherlock thrilled with pleasure over this development.
"I thought you might show up sooner or later," Molly said. "Looks like we've got an interesting one now. He has some strange stab wounds, superficial and not what caused death."
He sat down on the stair in despair. Gladstone came up beside him, whining in concern, putting half her body onto his lap. John put his arms around her and hugged her, burying his face in her fur. She licked his ear.
"Cheer up, Scrooge," John said. "It's happening, and there's nothing you can do about it."
Sherlock hurried into the shop and admired the coat in all its glory. They completely ignored the shopkeeper, leaving John to sort it out in favour of dreamily gazing at it. The coat was long, dark, and swishy – plus, it had a collar. It was everything they'd been searching for. Reverently, they lifted one from its hanger and twirled it over their shoulders, where it spun and settled around them. Yes. This was it.
"Ah, about that," John said. "The most recent case has rendered Sherlock unable to speak except in some sort of verse. He's branched out a bit from Shakespeare, we think, but he can't speak normally at all."
John had never thought that Sherlock would be the kind of person to go to reunions – in the very least, he never went to family ones. But one day, a letter came in the post addressed to Sherlock with a university crest stamped on the back with wax. Sherlock had not only opened it, but read it, and on top of that, nodded solemnly.
The second, John had read an additional forty-five pages and fallen asleep with the reading light on, book still open to the spot. His phone alarm woke him up, and Sherlock at the same time.
Once he was done, he once again drew back to look at Sherlock laid out in front of him, helpless to do anything but squirm. It was delightful, and John felt a thrill run down his spine.
"I can go, if you'd rather," John said.
Or perhaps it was the person beneath.
b) Ask John his feelings before divulging your own
We decided to start with Malcolm and Xavier’s shared room. It wasn’t hard to find as I knew for a fact that all of the celebrity couples were on the same floor as us.
"You can also move them out of alignment with each other," Molly suggested.
"It certainly was," John said. "Are you okay?"
As John was looking up, he noticed a strange shape in the clouds. It was large and black, and he would have said it was a bird, but it seemed rather too large to be a bird. John frowned and took out a brass telescope from the bag hanging from his belt. But by the time he had gotten the scope to his eye, it was too late. The shape had disappeared.
Sherlock nodded, eyes shy.
"Thank you," he said with difficulty.
"I suppose we'll see,"John said, but he wasn't done with that argument quite yet.
“And you, John Watson,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock took out an electric razor and sheered away the hair that had grown rather longer than John liked while he hadn't had access to scissors. One time, John had hacked it off with a knife, which hadn't done much good and was painful besides.
Sherlock sighed and said, "Don't bother."
"Oh, my dear, you are in no position to order anyone around," John purred, and ran the tip of his tongue down Sherlock's neck, following his carotid artery.
"I've got some bourbon we should finish off," John said. "Up in the cupboard. You go get that and some glasses, and I'll get the first aid kit."
"I should have known Sherlock Holmes would hate jumpers, whatever their gender," John laughed.
“You... you have been,” he said in surprise.
"Don't be daft, Sherlock, I can tell when someone's avoiding me," John said. "You haven't just been avoiding the flat, but you've been avoiding looking at me or talking to me. What's this all about, Sherlock?"
“Yes, well, it doesn’t much matter,” Sherlock said, looking down at his feet. “I made a mistake. It’s not a problem I can’t handle. Don’t worry about it.”
“Hello,” I said, putting on my most charming smile. “We’re here for the couples retreat this weekend and wanted to know if there were any events in town.”
"I doubt it will be that long. Besides, I don't
a) Stay as still as possible and hope that Malcolm leaves
The world was red.
"My 	slumber – if I slumber – are not sleep, but a continuance of 	enduring thought, which I can resist not," Sherlock murmured sleepily and turned over.
Finally, after all this time, this fic of porn is finally finished. Don't worry, I did say this series was a quartet, meaning there's one more fic to go, but this one is over. Hope you enjoyed it! But really. So much porn.
"There's someone trapped down there," Sherlock finished. "And they're still alive."
Sherlock had thankfully disposed of the rope somewhere, hopefully somewhere where it would be burned. John helped wheel the bodies back to their homes in the morgue drawers.
"Never have I ever slept with someone who worked for a broadcasting company," John said.
"You want this," John said, sounding surprised and awed.
It was a perfect end to the year, and a perfect beginning to a new one.
Sherlock is being distracting again.
"I'll have to ask Molly if rope marks show up later," Sherlock mused.
John knocked on their door.
"You really think so?" Sherlock asked shyly.
Wrong, wrong, wrong! That was the worst news that Sherlock had heard all day, and that included his fatness Mycroft paying a visit and telling him that he had to go watch a musical with their parents.
Sherlock had heard the word "machine" used to describe his brain many times. It wasn't a novel idea, and the very same word had been used on Sherlock himself. Something about the complexity of his mind scared people and they attributed his seemingly super-human attention to detail as non-human.
"Tw-twenty-four," Sherlock burst out belatedly. It was a slow reaction, but John would let it slide.
"He was diabetic," John said. "Whoever stabbed him took his wallet, and also took his insulin. He died because whoever it was that stabbed him took it."
Somehow, it held, creaking ominously. John watched with trepidation as Sherlock slowly climbed up the side of the house. The ivy was thick and was holding up Sherlock more than the actual trellis.
Sherlock beamed.
“Much,” Sherlock said. “All the thought in the world. For ages now.”
"I might have overheard something about that," John admitted. "The incriminating kind of stuff."
“The rooms, John,” I said, leading him away by the elbow. “I need to see what’s in those rooms!”
“Excellent,” Mycroft said before I could say a word. “I’ll get Anthea to arrange it.”
Sherlock was wearing a bespoke silk purple shirt and trousers, as well as bespoke brogues. They were presenting as more masculine today, but had long ago become used to their gender presentation being a strange mix of masculine, feminine, and something in between. Many people were often confused by this, but Sherlock never explained, leaving that to John, should she be so inclined to bother with an explanation.
"Christ, Sherlock!" John yelped, scrunching his eyes shut.
"If you hadn't thrown out your new jumper, you'd be quite warm right now," John said.
"That would be most excellent," John replied happily.
"Budge over you," John said.
"Stay still, Sherlock, I'm putting some knuckle into this," John said.
He picked it up in excitement, wondering if it were John.
"You don't want to act like you're affected," John realized aloud. "Or admit you are."
John was in Speedy's, just sitting and enjoying a good roast beef sandwich and a cup of tea when Lestrade found him. John sighed and waited for Lestrade to get himself settled.
Today, I was dreaming about being tortured. I never did get the therapy usually required after undergoing such events. I didn’t want to. I didn’t want some stranger prying into the vulnerability found underneath the armour I wear constantly.
“It’s never done that before,” Greg said, peering at it.
Sherlock stopped moping, as much as he wanted to wallow in self pity for a little while longer. He needed to figure out what it was that was keeping him from talking normally, and if there was a way to fix it. There was a part of him that still couldn't imagine that this was magic. There had to be something. A neurotoxin or hallucinogen – something that was messing around with the fundamentals of his brain.
“Or it could be all the mold in the walls has caught fire,” John shot back.
Finally, John said, “So, you must know why I’m here.”
2. Misfit
Once again, Sherlock was distracted from his main mission, which was to get his proper voice back, by John and his insistence on dating insipid women.
Sherlock nodded, pliant and warm, like a large cat.
"I shall get you a scarf," Sherlock shot back, and sat him down at the kitchen table.
"Bedside table," Sherlock said.
As I was thinking, the three people in the hotel room were quickly packing up. They would be gone within a minute.
Nothing.
"Yes, but I want you to say it," Mycroft said. "I can get this car to turn around right now if you would just tell me what it is that makes it so important to return to 221b."
"Have you eaten today, Sherlock?" John asked.
B) the news anchor’s husband (status unknown)
It was Christmas morning, and although Sherlock hadn't expected it, John had responded well to Sherlock's hesitant hand underneath his shirt. One thing led to another, and here they were.
He put his shoulder to it, and it made a very loud thump, but it didn't budge. He tried again, and was about to try for another, when a voice shouted through the door.
meant "that which is denied is desired." It spoke of repression of feeling that would burst out if kept bottled up. Sherlock did not like the sounds of that. If anything, he definitely wanted to keep his unfortunate feelings hidden. John was not to know.
“John, I...”
I looked at John.
"Used to box," Sherlock said.
Mistletoe. Sherlock froze and felt his face flush up to his ears. John blinked and slowly descended the ladder. He moved it out of the way carefully.
"Just look," John said.
Sherlock couldn’t roll his eyes because draconic eyes didn’t go all the way around, but he did snort, sending a puff of steam out of his nostrils. “Clearly, you’re here to rescue Princess Molly from my dread clutches.”
As they settled in to watch the EastEnders, Sherlock snuggled into John's side, and John allowed him without any bother.
"You have to drink the whole glass," Anderson said helpfully as Sherlock stared.
So Sherlock waited, had been for an hour. It was rather unlike John to be this mysterious.
“That's where they went?” Greg asked, and whistled. “Brave of them.”
"This is still a police investigation," Sally shot back. "Besides, you still have to act like a convincing couple, so I'm not sure you should go anyway."
“Here, hand under this lukewarm water, steady on,” John said, turning the tap on for him.
With gentle pressure, John opened him up with his lips and tongue, coaxing him to loosen. Sherlock's hole was pink and wet with the attention John lavished on it, and fluttered with every touch. Sherlock took gulping breaths around long, deep moans.
What kind of mindless drivel was this? He tried again.
"They'll never take us," John said mournfully. "We smell like the Thames and soaking wet besides."
from him?
Sherlock was right. The bikers did
Sherlock helps John decorate the tree.
"Why would you do that?" Sherlock asked, with a sigh that spilled hot water over his jaws. "I don't believe you even can do that."
Sherlock approached the other side of the bed with some trepidation. He hadn't had to share a bed anytime in the past three-odd decades of his life. He had no idea how his transport would react in sleep to bed-sharing. Especially with John.
"You're lucky they let you come with me," John said. "You couldn't tell them the name of our current prime minister."
"And – " Sherlock looked down again and swallowed hard. Continuing, he struggled on, and said, "I want y-you to fuck me, sir."
"Twenty-six," Sherlock gasped, his voice going wobbly.
Hey everyone,
Sherlock already knew that about John, but it still stung to hear. He left without saying anything, too intent upon the case to linger long where there were no more leads.
Sherlock's eyes darkened, and he started unbuttoning his shirt, pulling it out from where it was tucked into his trousers. John unfolded the rope, running it through his hands as he watched Sherlock quickly shuck his trousers as well, eyes fastened on John's hands.
"That could work," John said, without really meaning to. He wanted to, but it probably wasn't advisable, at least on the part of someone who was pretending to be in love with someone he was pretending not to be in love with.
Sherlock's train of thought halted abruptly and derailed as John calmly got them a double room without even asking after two singles, as he'd predicted. John caught sight of his muddled expression and laughed.
It wasn't even the fact that Sherlock had lost his shoe, it was the fact he'd also lost his sock that made him angry. Those had been his favourite socks, and now he only had one. Most people would think that Sherlock was above having a favourite pair of socks. They would be wrong. His favourite pair of socks was grey, the exact shade of tobacco ash sample #243.
Afghanistan. I knew he also had nightmares about his time spent there. No doubt he’d been wrist-deep in more people’s insides than he could count. Maybe he’d even seen cases of torture before.
See you all soon.
Sherlock waved his hand in a shooing motion, and Mycroft’s mouth thinned.
At least Lestrade was learning to ask sort of the right questions. Sherlock turned the body over and immediately had his answer. The man was obviously a serial adulterer. This crime had likely been committed by two people. Although, whether they meant for him to die from his wounds wasn't apparent.
"Good lad, get up."
I looked at John. What could we do in this situation? If we were discovered, this could be bad for everyone involved. I didn’t particularly want to be shot at close range. Neither did I want to put our case in jeopardy. But if our lives were in danger, what could I do? There was one other option... but I was loathe to get help from anyone.
It was around 6 that he and Gladstone went to dig through the dumpster behind the local pub. If John was lucky, he'd sometimes find half-eaten burgers or leftover fries.
This was the most frustrated Sherlock had ever been. How could this have happened to him? And of course, John was being most useless in this case because the pretty nurse had taken his attention away. Sherlock glowered at them briefly, before turning back to Mr. Fielding.
“I’m not gay...” he said.
"Can I touch you back, John?" he asked in a low, slightly hoarse voice.
“Ah, I’ve done a bad job at this,” John said, scrubbing a hand through his hair. “But I was sort of intimidated by you, you know? I wasn’t sure if you would like it if I…”
John almost added that he wasn't gay, but clamped his mouth shut around the words. Maybe he wasn't entirely gay, because he did like women, but he also liked Sherlock, who was quite decidedly a man. There was no rule that he had to be one or the other, at least according to Harry, who had on other occasions insisted he was bisexual. John wasn't sure exactly what fit anymore, but he was beginning to think she might be right, after all.
He was unexpectedly met with John standing on a ladder hanging up something from the middle of the doorframe. He was about to demand attention when John noticed him.
He slowed down a little as he opened the zip on his duffle. He was long over being forced to leave the army because of his injury, but it had been a long time since he'd thought of putting on his uniform again. He would never wear it in public, no. But a little fun around the house when it obviously turned Sherlock on to no end? That would be fine by him.
Sherlock sat in the back of the car Mycroft had come and kidnapped him in with his back to his older brother, arms crossed and staring out the window.
Donovan looked at them and nodded. "Come on, you two."
"Then there must be something about the beer that can tell us something," John said with a shrug. "If it really is the only thing down here."
His heart was hammering now, a sudden flight-or-flight response hitting him in the chest and squeezing. He felt as if he were trapped, almost claustrophobic, and Sherlock was still fluttering around the flat without a care while John started hyperventilating. Gladstone whined, at his side at the first signs of distress.
"Are you ready for my fingers, sweetheart?" John asked.
Alice was the daughter of a government official. She had access to information that she otherwise wouldn’t have. She had gone to school for computer science. Possibility of her being a hacker of some kind. She was supplying Malcolm with information of some kind.
John hit him three more times, alternating cheeks and working his way up over Sherlock's arse, intent on covering his entire bottom in stinging pink marks. They stood out so beautifully against Sherlock's alabaster skin. With each hit, Sherlock made a little gasping inhale before counting it dutifully. John added another six on top of that, keeping the pacing fairly regular, until he'd painted Sherlock's entire backside with pink marks.
John emerged with a towel around his waist, hair still spiky and wet, damp drops sticking to his skin. Sherlock's mouth went dry, and he licked his lips without thinking about it.
“They can’t have left already,” Xavier replied. “They haven’t solved the case yet.”
OOooOO
"Oh, I know," John said with a smile. "But you won't."
"Let me go," he hissed. "He's my friend. No, he's my friend."
An unknown and untraceable number had texted him: Two days. It was obviously Mycroft reminding him that he had agreed to take their parents to see Chicago. He remembered well enough, as much as he would like to delete it. He threw his phone across the room and lay back on the couch again.
"Yes," Sherlock said quickly, in case John got the wrong idea.
"Haven't done this much, have you?" John asked softly against their mouth.
I actually got to write this within a reasonable amount of time! Hope everyone is ready! I have a feeling we're getting close to the end!
Sherlock ran his hands over John's shoulders and down his back. John was still very fit, and Sherlock marvelled at the flex of muscle beneath his palms. John became preoccupied with biting and kissing Sherlock’s neck again, and Sherlock’s whole back arched as John sucked a mark into his skin. Sherlock’s groin throbbed in time with the newly-made mark.
“As you say, Sherlock,” John said with a groan. “Well, that was an interesting date.”
John was holding me in his arms and saying soothing things in a gentle voice.
“You were whimpering in your sleep,” John said matter-of-factly.
Sherlock nodded and frowned. That didn’t help them much, and he really should have considered that the tire marks would belong to Mr. Fielding. After all, it had been Mr. Fielding who had lead them to the warehouse in the first place. Back to square one again.
Sherlock knew that, having had much more grievous injuries than shredded knuckles. He just liked complaining. He made a few more grumbling whines as John finished cleaning out the injuries. John just hummed and started wrapping gauze around his knuckles. Once he'd finished, he surveyed his completed work with satisfaction.
“Didn’t look like it from my end,” said the dragon.
The real problem was that John Watson's reactions to situations could not be reliably counted on to be predictable. They should be, but they absolutely weren't. Sherlock had that underlined in his notes, because Sherlock had run countless tests on John's reactions to a variety of stimuli only to find that no matter how well Sherlock had determined that he knew John, he could only accurately predict his reaction to 75% of situations. Not only that, the data was skewed, because Sherlock could accurately predict the vast majority of minor situations, such as when they ran out of milk, or if Sherlock demanded a cup of tea. He almost had 100% accuracy for small, pointless interactions.
Sherlock, on the other hand, really needed to
Mycroft obviously realized what he was thinking and rolled his eyes. "Don't get too excited. I'm going to return you to your proper state as soon as I can find the best curse-breaker in the region."
d) Investigate the rooms
"In a
There was no such thing as Santa Claus, but Sherlock let John handle trying to explain to the horrified children waiting in line to see him. This particular Santa had been involved in a child pornography ring, which Sherlock was also leaving John to explain to the equally horrified parents.
Sherlock receives what he asked for.
He was so warm, and solid, and
The Waving Cat was a tiny little place that John normally would have overlooked. The lights shining through the paned glass were dim, and the building narrow. John stepped through and looked around at the little booths with red seat cushions and paper lanterns.
"Sun."
"Follow me," Lestrade nodded them down a hallway.
"Oh..." Sherlock groaned, low in his throat, wiggling in his bonds.
Sherlock, who fully expected to stay awake all night lying next to John instead found himself drifting off. There were worse things than falling asleep next to John Watson, and so Sherlock allowed himself to succumb to sleep
"This bench is for paying customers," the clerk said, crossing his arms.
It was better, damn him, and damn logic which dictated that there was absolutely no reason for it to feel better. Except sentiment. Cursed sentiment, which still lodged his throat with an immovable lump and sent a cascade of butterflies through his digestive system.
“What's so funny?” asked Greg.
"You do look very handsome," she said.
John didn't want to be reassured. Grim reality was what he knew, and John knew damn well that sometimes things went wrong, and they couldn't be fixed. Knew it as he walked the streets of London by flitting through back alleyways and across empty lots rather than brave the crowded boulevards filled with people. Knew it as his dogtags clinked together as he walked, knew it as Bill Murray's dog followed him everywhere – his only by default.
"You are not sensible enough to be the one in charge," John murmured, nipping at that spot again, making Sherlock squirm. "Now be a good lad and don't move too much."
"Perhaps not," Sherlock said, running over to the stairs and popping his head out of the trapdoor. "Let's see if it has a corresponding tap."
He and Gladstone drifted to sleep together, still comrades-in-arms.
"I can act like I'm John's boyfriend," Sherlock said stiffly, belying his words.
"And you weren't alarmed by either, which is probably not good."
Sherlock bit back a whine at their proximity and concentrated on the technique.
“Not usually on first sight, actually,” John said.
He didn't consider for a moment that Sherlock would bother using the trash bin for anything that day, because he never did. Anything related to chores was relegated to John, as exasperating as that was.
"You have condoms?" John asked, seeming surprised.
Of course Sherlock Holmes knew how to fence.
A) Take Mycroft's car
We held very still and waited. There was movement about the room outside the closet door. The sliding door to the balcony opened, and a waft of air came in with the smell of cigarette smoke. John made a face, and I came to the sudden realization that he was going to sneeze. In a fit of inspiration or panic, I shoved my hand over his mouth.
He reached into the side drawer where the lube was stashed and dribbled some onto his fingers. Slicking it between his fingers, he warmed it up before pressing his index finger against Sherlock's hole. It slid in easily, but John still eased him open slightly before adding a second. Sherlock's cock was hard again, lying flat against his stomach and leaking precome.
"John?" Sherlock asked in confusion.
"Oh, I see," John said. "Well, you're going to have to wait until I've finished breakfast, at least."
He felt his eyes welling up and dashed them away angrily. This was nothing to cry over, Sherlock making another mistake like this. He should be used to it by now, not being able to tell when someone liked him or not.
"We haven't even got started, sweet-pea," he said.
"I told you we wouldn't want to move after this," John said as he poured them both a glass.
"First of all, I haven't kissed a dominatrix. Second of all, yes you have. The one with the spots. She left very characteristic bruising patterns on you after you'd slept together. Probably also why that relationship didn't work out. You wanted to dominate as well, and your forceful bedroom personalities clashed. Neither of you is a switch," Sherlock said.
It was a soft look, a look that dislodged butterflies from the lining of his stomach. Sherlock took another sip of wine to quench his suddenly dry mouth. They hadn’t even said anything yet, just looked at one another across the table, faces lit by the softer, warmer candlelight.
d) Comment on the weather
Sherlock approached the box carefully, and as he did, it shuffled suddenly. Something alive was inside.
But John was already bustling around the kitchen gathering ingredients and throwing them into a large pot.
By the time morning came, John was awake again, but hadn't left Sherlock's side. Sherlock didn't even have to ask, he just knew that John had called into work and was staying home with him today. With a small smile, Sherlock went back to sleep, looking forward to waking up in Doctor Watson's care.
“There,” John said, sounding pleased.
And Sherlock resented her, just the tiniest bit, for being yet another reason not to cut their hair.
"Nothing," John said, and looked away, as calmly as he could.
“Not anytime soon, I’m guessing,” Sherlock sighed. “Alas.”
It was an ordinary start to the day, and John hummed contentedly as he made himself and his still-sleeping lover some tea. He hardly paid any attention as Sherlock shuffled into the living room, wrapped up in only a white sheet. He made their cups up and brought them over to the table only to find that Sherlock had left him a present on top of his morning newspaper.
"Good lad," John whispered, and Sherlock shivered.
"I'll warm you up, you daft git," John said cheerfully.
"So, I stole his notes, and I've determined that all you have to do is destroy the pattern made by the stones he's drawn runes on that make your prison," Molly said.
"Right then," John said, patting their shoulder lightly. "That's done. You should get some sleep. Early class tomorrow, right?"
"And I get to choose?" Sherlock asked, sounding amused. "I thought the point of this exercise was you being in control."
She wanted to become a doctor, too, obviously. They’d be the perfect couple.
That had been on Sherlock's list of things to check out, but it was good to know that he and Mr. Fielding were on the same page. Not that he needed Mr. Fielding's permission to go to his house. He would have with or without his agreement.
"He wanted to come," John said. "I'll get us something to drink."
They both shimmied out of their trousers at the same time, and once they were only in their pants, it seemed to Sherlock like they both suddenly became shy. John tentatively reached for Sherlock and pulled him close, chest to chest. They were so close now, and John's skin was sliding against his. It was more intimate, and sent more sensation through him.
Sherlock took a deep breath, and continued. "It's for science."
The first thing that Sherlock saw that morning was John, who was sporting a hideous monstrosity, and he didn't bother to hold back his greeting of, "What on Earth are you wearing?"
"So you can smell it," Sherlock said.
"We need a safeword," John said quietly, rubbing a slow circle into the skin below Sherlock's navel.
"Hey, move along there. You can't sit here."
"Oh," John looked thoughtful and said, "that makes sense, now that I think about it. What do you mean, I thought you... and Irene Adler..."
Gentle fingers under his chin lifted his eyes up to John’s, and John looked at him seriously. Neither of them said a word, caught up in the other’s gaze. Sherlock’s heart was rocketing furiously, the pulse of his blood so close to the pads of John’s fingers.
“Fuck,” John gasped. “That’s fucking brilliant.”
What would he say first? Possibly that he knew that she often lived beyond her means in order to try and make herself look flashy and attract attention? How he knew that she was going grey but was covering up with hair dye? Or perhaps that she would sometimes switch around people's stuff in their rooms just to cause drama? The last one was the one most likely to drive John away from her. He took his duty to people seriously, whereas she liked being in charge of vulnerable people for more malicious reasons.
“Not exactly pretty, is it?” I said. “The truth.”
"And yet here you are," Posh Bloke said musingly. "You'll do. Come on, he's shutting down."
It was no good, Sherlock was stuck there for the time being.
"And here I thought you'd never get here," John said. "Well, let's go then."
"Lads," Sherlock said, mouth thinning. "Not really my area."
"We need to interrogate her, then. I can't let Lestrade do it, he'll make a muck of it," Sherlock argued, pacing back and forth across the path in agitation.
He was, but he paused before answering. Sherlock didn’t want to seem too desperate, wanted John to think he could be calm and relaxed in situations like this. But the fact of the matter was, his heart was pounding so loudly that it was all he could hear, and his knees felt weak enough that he had to sit down for a moment to get his bearings again. Suave was the last word Sherlock would use to describe his romantic ability.
"I..." Sherlock said, but didn't continue.
Of course the one person to see through their feminine facade was also the least supportive and understanding person on the planet. How had Mycroft even figured it out? Mycroft had just started some dull government job. Maybe they were using it to spy on them?
Sherlock dropped his stance, moving his stiff fingers to try and get the blood flowing into them again. He loosened the strings of his violin, and he put it away.
B) Wait for them to leave and follow them.
"No, I won't," Mycroft nodded. "This whole incident means I can pressure them into forgiving our trading debt in exchange for not holding a grudge over your current state."
“She said she wouldn’t mind!” John said. “Looks like something is going right for once.”
"We can get to the morgue from here on foot," John said cheerfully. "No need for a cab."
Donovan wrapped a leg around John's (thankfully good) shoulder in order to stop herself from falling off. John staggered under her weight, but righted himself by grabbing onto Lestrade, who was just getting up. Lestrade fell over again, and Donovan was pointing at the dart and reaching for it.
He only barely got himself off of Sherlock and turned around before collapsing.
"I think I've heard of it," John said hesitantly. "Are you..."
“This is delicious, John,” he said softly.
John watched him for a moment, battling with himself over whether or not he should bring up Sherlock's reluctance to engage in couple-like behaviour. On a personal level, it made him rather depressed that Sherlock wasn't comfortable with John touching him. If that was the only reason to bring it up, John would have left it. However, it was interfering with the case as well.
“I guess we’re just going to stay like this then,” John said.
John twined their fingers together, and Sherlock nearly crushed them as John went back to lapping at the head of his cock, tonguing the slit wetly. Sherlock made another loud and embarrassing noise, but it appeared to please John immensely, so Sherlock allowed himself the private moment.
His cock was already beginning to stir against the front of his jeans. He palmed himself briefly through the rough fabric, then got up out of his seat and tested the swish-crack of the crop against his hand again. No, it wouldn't break the skin, but how it would sting against Sherlock's skin.
He put his hands on Sherlock's cheeks, and Sherlock whined as John's thumbs pressed against his sore flesh. John spread him open, looking down at the little whorl of his hole, pink and perfect, nestled in between his bright red arse cheeks. John leaned in and licked a stripe up his crack, right up to his balls. Sherlock moaned, and tried to spread his legs even more, although that was impossible by this point. John delved in pressing his tongue to Sherlock's hole and wiggling. He circled the tip of his tongue over each ridge, trying to gain access. Sherlock panted and gasped with each pass of John's tongue, pushing back against the intrusion.
"You have a safeword."
Hello all! So sorry I haven't updated in ages. I just have been so busy with PhD courses and everything. I hope you enjoy the next small chapter and that it moves the story in the right direction!
"You should do my upper body, too," Sherlock said, sounding hesitant.
But how Sherlock wanted that, to be sometimes mistaken for a man, to have people treat her like one, and above all, she wished she had John's short hair. John had a pixie cut, and Sherlock knew it was a girls' short haircut, but what Sherlock wouldn't give for short hair!
"I don't think I'd like that," Sherlock admitted. "I don't think you would either, for that matter."
"No, that's not it," John said pleadingly. "I've... I've wanted you for ages. For a long time, I promise I did, this is just bringing it all up to the forefront. I can't resist."
“We need books on magic,” said Sherlock. “We need to go find a town that has a bookstore.”
“No, I can’t even read it without help,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock made a huffing sound and tried to buck his hips up again.
Knowing this, I needed to first establish some things about the case. For that, I needed the hotel worker’s information.
"You did?" John asked in surprise. "When?"
But John tugged him over, revealing his blushes. At first, he tried to cover his face, but John pulled his hands down.
John frowned at me, and I slowly removed my hand from his face, but otherwise didn’t move. I had to listen.
“I’m sorry,” John said. “I definitely would have been okay, though.”
Gladstone was still whining, but John hushed her, still watching the verbal sparring match taking place between Sherlock and the members of the Yard.
Sherlock cleared his throat and said, "Shall we?"
"Excellent, John," Sherlock said. "I was hoping you would show up and I wouldn't have to send Wiggins for you."
John's hand slipped into his and squeezed.
"Your hair," John said, fingers brushing over their rampant curls. "I didn't imagine that you'd cut off this much of it from the amount in the sink."
He needed to know how it tasted. Not just for data, he had an aching need to know. And so he went to find out, dipping his head down and licking a short stripe over the glans. John yelled in surprise. Sherlock found he quite liked the musky taste and licked again, more firmly. He grasped the base in one hand and carefully fit his mouth over John's cock, going down as far as he could before gagging. He couldn't deep-throat, like in porn, but it felt good to have his mouth so full.
"But I need you!" Sherlock wanted to scream, but what came out was: "Thus let me live, unseen, unknown; thus unlamented let me dye; steal from the world, and not a stone tell where I lye."
"You look better while doing it," Sherlock replied.
"Too late," Sherlock said breathlessly.
A more posh and unbearable bunch John had never met. Sebastian Wilkes was there as well, and the lot of them made pointed comments about Sherlock's social ability, sneering and carrying on. Sherlock hadn't replied, simply stiffly introduced John to them.
"Try me," John said.
"No," he whispered.
John drew back again, and Sherlock made a devastated noise. John slipped the two fingers back in and crooked them deliberately against Sherlock's soft inner walls. Sherlock cried out roughly, breathing ragged as John pumped his fingers in again.
The cab ride was a rather long one, going to the outskirts of London. Sherlock had ample time to brood about John.
"K-keep going," Sherlock gasped, eyes fluttering closed, mouth open in a gasp.
"I... I like you," John said.
He got Gladstone to stay in a nearby alleyway, and although she watched him leave anxiously, she did as he said. As soon as he got into the store, he remembered why he never went in.
Sherlock returned to the flat to the smell of spices and fruit. It seemed that John was making something on the stovetop, stirring a pot and humming faintly. Sherlock crept closer to have a look, curious in spite of himself. It smelled wonderful, and perhaps John would let him have some.
There were footsteps on the stairs, and John came in with a box.
"You want to know who burned the Crow down," John said, eyes narrowing.
"John!" Sherlock said again, demandingly.
Sherlock really had not good explanation for why they had suddenly chopped off the majority of their hair. Most of if wasn't going to fit in a hair tie anymore, because the more they tried to even it out, the shorter and more lop-sided it got.
"You certainly are one for dramatics," John said. "Fine, will you bloody well tell me your name, you posh bastard?"
"I know," John said. "I won't stop touching you, as long as you don't mind."
"I didn't say not ever," John said. "Just not now."
John said, "I love you, too, Sherlock. Have done for ages, I hope you realize. Head over heels, as they say. You know this type of thing never came easy to me. I've had to write it piece by piece, just so I could say it to you now."
“Yes!” Sherlock forced from his lungs.
Sherlock's head whirled, and his entire planet of being tilted on its axis, because it was just to much to take in. John was... John was going to...
"Tomorrow afternoon," Sherlock said. "Everything is already in motion, we just have to be there."
John's entire left upper quadrant was on fire, but John was used to pain. Pain didn't bother him as much as the fact that he couldn't bloody move. Was anyone still alive at this point? Not that it mattered, they were still pinned down. He would probably empty his life blood into the sand before anyone got to him. John decided there was no use panicking about the inevitable.
He was so obvious. Came from a middle class family. Had two family members with drinking problems, one of whom was about his age - probably a sibling. Played rugby in his teenage years, possibly even his undergraduate years. Was studying to become a doctor.
Sherlock and John are in Lebanon. Sherlock says it's for a case - but is it?
"I, uh," he said. "That is, I... erm."
John put up with a lot from him, Sherlock acknowledged. John had been through a lot – too much for any ordinary person to have not only stayed by his side, but forgiven him.
John chuckled slightly. "No, of course not. It's a beautiful brain. It's wonderous."
"Oh," John said. "You want – "
"Don't worry, Mrs. Hudson would never evict us," Sherlock said airily. "She owes me too much."
John reached around and used the same lube to slick up Sherlock's erection, although it was hardly necessary with how much he'd been leaking. Sherlock made another whimpering noise as John started slowly but firmly stroke his cock from root to tip, swirling his thumb over the head. Sherlock pushed up into his fist and then ground down into John's lap.
"Good lad, Sherlock," he whispered. "Now finish the rest."
Sherlock nodded and waved his hand. They knew him well enough that he didn’t even have to say anything, which was good for him, in his current condition.
"Sherlock?" John said, pausing to make sure he had his attention.
“Torture,” I said. “I was dreaming of being tortured.”
"John," a subdued voice said from behind him.
Sherlock nodded eagerly, practically squirming.
John reached up and cupped Sherlock's face in his hands. Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, and he let out a soft whine almost too quiet to hear.
John handed them a magazine already flipped open to a page. Sherlock took it, and their eyes boggled. All of the people on this page were men with curly hair. Sherlock blinked in surprise. Somehow, they had still expected to get a women's haircut when they came in, but John had blown the door open on the possibilities.
As they both ran down the stairs in a tumble, Sherlock remembered to slow down to wait for John. Her limp, while it wasn't as terrible when she first returned from Afghanistan, still came and went at times. The first few times Sherlock had accidentally rushed ahead without John, they had felt terrible after remembering. John was still coming down the stairs at a steady pace, which was nonetheless slower than usual. To appease John's pride, Sherlock stopped to look back up the gap in the upward spiralling-banisters at Lestrade.
The bottom line was, Sherlock was acting stupidly about this, and it had to stop before John figured it out.
The mobile chimed again, but this time, Sherlock turned it off rather than endure more of Mycroft's annoyingly snide and patronizing remarks.
Sherlock blushed and automatically jerked away from John. "He was just mad because he was trying to get into my pants and didn't realize I only like women."
"Drunk," John said. "Consent. In the morning. When morning comes, we can talk."
Just as he thought that, something snapped. Sherlock hung on momentarily, feet dangling, and dropped back to the ground. John automatically put himself underneath to slow Sherlock's descent. Sherlock knocked them both to the ground.
Unacceptable.
"You didn't make half so many cute noises until now," John murmured, and Sherlock blushed. "Let's see how many more you can make."
He hadn't really expected to find anything when looking at it under a microscope. He was just bored, and this was proving to be a nice distraction from the monotony of the time in between cases.
John Watson was some sort of miracle worker clad in ugly jumpers. He wouldn't be winning any prizes for fashion, that was for certain. But the jumpers didn't matter, not when Sherlock had John there. John smoothed the way through all the tedium of dealing with ordinary people. He was a compass for Sherlock when it came to social interaction. He knew when Sherlock's silence meant he was in his Mind Palace and wanted to be left alone, or if he was sulking, and in spite of all protest to the contrary, definitely wanted to be bothered.
There weren’t many people who would bother Sherlock at this early hour of the morning, so Sherlock turned over and nestled back into the blankets. He didn’t much care if stupid Mycroft was left waiting. Sherlock lay there until John came back into his room and shoved at his shoulder.
“Do you reckon you could do it again?”
I must have only slept an hour or two, because I woke at 2 am frozen in fear.
“Oh,” he said. “I'm sorry.”
"Yes, and we shouldn't be breaking and entering," John said, folding his arms.
He suddenly became aware that they were still sitting close together on the couch, and every inch seemed like miles, but at the same time, close enough that the surface of his skin tingled. John looked up at him through his eyelashes, and Sherlock felt his heart jump in response. John was far too attractive to look at Sherlock like that.
John hailed them a cab, which took longer than it ought to have, but Sherlock felt that if there was a way to hail a taxi in Shakespearean, then he would have done it already.
Before John could say anything else, there were footsteps in the hallway behind him, and a girl appeared over his shoulder. Sherlock froze in surprise. Something must have shown on his face, because John turned to look too.
Sherlock almost didn’t, didn’t want to subject himself to this churning feeling in his gut that was suddenly questioning not only the validity of his feelings, but whether or not all this was even a good idea to begin with. What was he going to do about this, ask John out? Honestly, he was far too -
"Come on, let's go," John said. "I want to make us some dinner, and then we can trade back massages. Sound good to you?"
John drank, frowned, and poured himself some more bourbon. They had both gone through quite a lot of liquor by that point, more than Sherlock thought was advisable.
Sherlock went out onto the street to hail a cab, the map with the location of Mr. Fielding's house circled on it clenched in his hand. He pointed to the spot on the map, and the cab driver obviously understood, because he pulled away from the curb without another word.
"There's no need to be so rude," Molly said. "I've come to break you out."
Sherlock closed his eyes and took several deep breaths, unwinding more with each one.
I wanted to know whether or not John felt the same way that I did before anything else happened. He kissed me, but my brain was coming back online, rebooting like lightning. Did he love me, or was I just ... convenient? I couldn’t help but fear that this meant nothing to John, no matter all that we’d been through together.
Sherlock gave in with bad grace. Then, because Sherlock had been so rude as to suggest leaving out Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock was made to take hers downstairs and deliver it in person.
"We could, if we would just get this dratted talking thing over with," Sherlock said.
Both their group and the bikers were thrown out of the pub, but only after they'd made a right mess. Anderson had actually been picked up and thrown onto the bar. It hadn't been until then that they'd all been booted out.
Hello everyone, this is testosterone-tea! For those of you who are here from Tumblr, I have to tell you that I have very cleverly managed to lock myself out of my account. I'll still be posting works here, but so far, Tumblr support hasn't been very helpful in getting me access to my account. So sorry if you're wondering where I've been.
Each rope was carefully folded and knotted in the middle to make a bow. Most of the ropes were made of hemp of varying lengths, but John also located what he thought he recognized as jute, nylon, and cotton.
D) Life or death love confession
"Right, then, get in," the driver said with a shrug.
"It's not that bad."
John tightened his arms around me. I didn’t know what to do. It was such a surreal situation to be in, John with his arms wrapped around me, snuggled against my back.
John's hands were in his hair.
"You're amazing," John said.
Sherlock sighed, "Technically, yes. But the investigation isn't over yet, so I don't see why we should right now. Who knows when this will wrap up? It's turning into quite the interesting case."
The heating was broken at Baker street, and it was Sherlock's fault. Sherlock was in trouble with Mrs. Hudson on two counts, and now Sherlock was shivering and waiting for John to light the fire.
Sherlock thought he had kept it secret from his unobservant John, until the day he found John sitting on Sherlock's bed, leafing through the drawings of his dedicated blogger. John on his computer, John asleep in the back of a taxi, John making tea… John thumbed through them all.
The naga hissed and relaunched its attack. John tried to back away, but the naga’s tail coiled around him again. John thrust his sword at the naga’s bulging flank, but his sword slid on the rock-hard scales. John would have to get closer to get the naga’s head off.
"Fine, I'm making dinner," John said. "You should eat some."
When he tried it on, the ring was just his size.
"No," John said softly.
John watched the dildo disappear into Sherlock's hole, watched as the pink rim swallowed it up over and over again. John could see tear-tracks on Sherlock's face as he moaned and arched his back.
"Of course you would," John said fondly.
He put the plug back in place and wandered back over to the kitchen.
Still pressing against him gently with his fingertips, John drew the last chemical compound onto Sherlock's skin.
"Doc Watson," Sherlock said. "Wiggins said, I just didn't think he meant you were an actual doctor, and it wasn't just a nickname. An army doctor. How interesting." He paused, then continued, "If you ever need to find me, just ring up at 221b Baker Street. That's where I'll be found."
John Watson looked like an alien, with his short hair, smooth face, and posh silk robe. John didn't know who that man was anymore, and he felt such a strong sense of disassociation that he had to look away again. Whoever he was, the image in the mirror lied. It wasn't him anymore.
I knew that I was trying to avoid the situation out of embarrassment. John could not find out how I felt, and this was a dangerous too-close-to-the-truth game.
Now that NaNoWriMo is over, hopefully I will be able to add more to this more often!
“The closest town to the Wasting Sea was that one we passed over on the coast, remember?” Molly said. “Should we start there?”
“Very funny, my ungrateful sibling,” Mycroft said, shaking his head. “I’ll just be going before Sherlock spouts any more drivel.”
Bending his knees, he lowered himself until he felt Sherlock's lips on his sack and groaned at the heat and wetness. Sherlock's lips moved, mouthing at his sensitive skin and darting out with his tongue. John felt a throb low in his gut, and he bobbed himself lower until his testicles were enveloped in wet heat.
"We don't," Sherlock said dreamily. "There's nothing you could give me that I wouldn't take."
"What am I supposed to do now?" Sherlock complained loudly. "How am I supposed to conduct experiments in this state?"
Sherlock wasn’t quite good enough to get John to come just from having his mouth on him, although John assured him that was completely fine. He finished John off with his hand and a generous helping of lube.
"Mycroft," he said suddenly. "Take me to Baker street. Take me back."
is the front for a drug cartel. Wiggins should have told you that, and maybe he would have if you'd bothered to find out what my name was."
"There's a window," John pointed out.
He needn't have worried. At least, not about Molly.
"Never have I ever committed an act of sexual voyeurism," Sherlock said quickly.
This was really Sherlock’s own fault. He had, of course, determined that John suffered from latent bisexuality that he was in denial about, but Sherlock never pushed the matter. It could backfire, of course, and Sherlock was terrible at feelings. He didn’t know how John would react to being challenged on his sexuality. Likely, it wouldn’t go well.
OOooOO
“Tea would be good,” Sherlock said, and sat tentatively on the edge of the couch.
A wet nose against his hand made him start, and he looked over, even that a struggle. A pair of eager brown eyes looked back at him.
Sherlock finds a surprise.
"Oi!"
The cab pulled up to the curb of a suburban house. He was here.
Sherlock, somewhat calmed by the smooth motion of the taxi, looked over and caught John staring at him.
"That's... true," Sherlock said. "I still have... well... female-bodied bits."
"Yes, please, John," Sherlock said. "Yes. Oh, please yes."
Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows again and strained his head back to look.
As if taking this as a cue, John began running his hands up and down Sherlock's body. Sherlock shivered a little from the contact and moaned against John's mouth. John's mouth parted, and he ran his tongue over Sherlock's bottom lip. Sherlock was too surprised to respond at first, but John did it a second time, making his intent clear.
"If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction," Sherlock groused to nobody in particular.
Sherlock was too excited to grimace about the word ‘chap,’ grabbing John’s sleeve and dragging him over to the computer screen. He pointed at the vehicle on the screen and beamed.
"I love you," Sherlock blurted without any finesse whatsoever. "Like that song. If this relationship is all I receive this year, I would be satisfied."
"Credit card fraud," Lestrade said. "Which is how we think we've got him. He never leaves behind enough evidence – "
“I have to go with you,” said the Captain, running a hand through his greying hair.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock hastily said, standing up. “Just… a little warm in here is all.”
It was the hand in his hair that decided him, and Sherlock groaned as he came to stand in front of the tree. John had set it up without assistance, and even put lights on it. Sherlock began hanging bulbs with as even intervals as he could manage.
"Human?" Donovan looked around the room, aghast. "Isn't this a butchery?"
A case comes Sherlock's way which necessitates him to pretend to be a couple with John. What will happen next?
"Come on," John murmured. "Let's get these off you, love."
Sherlock went back to his flat, and when he got there, there was already a message on his phone, waiting for him.
“Maybe we can finally get to the bottom of this,” John said. “Do you want to go right now?”
As he said this, he quickly searched the area and found a metal panel. He opened it, revealing the switchboard for the tavern. He flicked them all off, cutting power to the lights. John grudgingly admitted that that was a clever move on Sherlock's part.
“What does this case entail?” I finally asked.
"Ship."
He hid it in a pile of old porn magazines that he didn't use anymore and didn't know how to get rid of. It was called the "Hands-on Handbook of Bondage" and John was trying to finish reading it before Sherlock found it. He tried to memorize the steps for some of the easier knots, but John was more of a kinesthetic learner. He had to do in order to learn, so seeing the words on the page didn't help out much.
They lay there for a little while, simply breathing together, settling into each other's presence, soaking it up like plants unfurling for the sun. Then John began tracing patterns on his back. Sherlock made a valiant effort not to tense up, but John must have noticed the tightening of his shoulders, because he stopped.
John still didn't know what was expected of him, so he simply shrugged and dug into his breakfast. It was a proper fry up, and he wasn't certain that, after all this time of half-starvation, he'd even be able to finish it. Once he'd gulped the majority of it down, he looked at Sherlock, wondering what he could be thinking.
Thinking of presents brought Sherlock to his current dilemma. He had already bought John a navy blue jumper that he thought would bring out John's eyes. He knew John would appreciate it. But was he supposed to get something extra special now that they were together?
John nodded. He'd figured that. Not just anyone could summon him to their side, no matter what John had said about kings and queens earlier. Anyone who needed John for a quest paid a hefty price – not to John – but to their people. Mycroft would be donating millions of gold to the poor for the next decade in exchange for him finding Sherlock. Mycroft was definitely
Molly was the one that had found the caves hidden by an overgrowth of vegetation which Sherlock had torn down so that they could find their way inside. It had taken a lot of cleaning up, but between the two of them, they managed to get the caves into a condition that might be considered liveable.
But what to say?
Sherlock was just glad that she'd come back in one piece (mostly).
"I have other methods of making sure he doesn't misbehave," John said.
The remembered scent of John had him whimpering again, rolling his hips up against the intrusion, trying to hit his sweet spot. John would be able to. John had strong thighs, and Sherlock ached to wrap his legs around John's hips.
It took only a split second to jump up and close the door to their room, and to hide their head underneath a blanket, just in case.
John smiled and wiped off his hands. He slowly walked across the kitchen, a distance that seemed infinite in that moment. He tucked his thumbs into Sherlock's belt loops and pulled him close.
"Which is in evidence," Lestrade said with a sigh. "I'll get Anderson to go get it."
Sherlock and John are listening to a conversation. What do they hear?
“I’m going to put my mouth on you, is that okay?”
John nodded, then said, "Get your kit off, then."
"Come here," he said, and pulled Sherlock over into his lap.
Sherlock didn't think it was good etiquette to leave one's partner asleep, but their bladder was rather insistent on them getting up. Extracting themself from John's possessive hold on them was something of a challenge, but Sherlock didn't mind John's clinging. They rather wanted to cling back and possibly never let go.
"Um... I... yes?" John said, not sure what she meant by that.
"Please, Mummy, it's not as if we're getting married," snapped Sherlock.
"This is public property," John said.
John sucked on his fingers for a few seconds and then massaged Sherlock's furled hole gently. Sherlock sighed and wrapped one of his legs around John's waist. As soon as John touched him there he went soft and pliant.
Sherlock bit his lip again, and John smoothed his thumb over it again.
The housekeeper was clearly not impressed by this display, and he threw his hands in the air in a sign of great annoyance. As he was doing so, I saw the keycard on a lanyard sticking out of his pocket. I quickly pickpocketed him as he was watching the fiasco down the hall.
His feet were cold – it was moving into increasingly chilly weather, and he had forgotten slippers in this expedition. He sat down on the bottom stair and sighed.
"It's not that!" Sherlock said quickly, feeling their cheeks heating up.
"Day." Easy.
"I do like it!" Sherlock replied, and immediately wished they could take it back.
John tried to keep very still as definitely-a-cop Lestrade and Sherlock had an argument that sounded a lot like a petulant five year old arguing with an authority figure. Why had he come here? And why did he have the bad luck of arriving just when a cop was visiting Sherlock? Although, it sounded like Wiggins was right, Sherlock did have some sway with them. He probably wouldn't be arrested, at least seriously. John, on the other hand, could very well end up in a bad situation.
"Yeah," John said, and smiled. "Oh."
"Don't you dare spoil it for me, you bastard," John said. "Now, are you going to sleep, or what? Not much else to do in this place anyway."
He’d just lit up when the balcony door next to him slid open, and John stepped out.
"You'd be the first, then," Sherlock muttered, but snuggled closer.
“Well, you’ve stolen my friend Molly from me,” Sherlock mused. “And I can’t force you to give her back. She’s probably better off being rescued anyways.”
"Really, John?" Sherlock asked. "Bit bachelor-esque don't you think?"
"Agreed," Sherlock said carefully.
"Don't erase them," Sherlock murmured.
"What bloody man is that?" Sherlock demanded the moment they were on the scene.
"Your shoulders are going to be killing you tonight," John said cheerfully. "How long have you been in the lab, already? At least eight hours, I'd say."
But it was far away, and Sherlock didn't feel like telling Mycroft that he needed it back for soothing still-traumatized soldiers back to sleep.
He didn’t even need to focus entirely on the tape because it was such menial work that his brain could focus on more than one thing at once.
Sherlock stopped in mid-rant, blinking in surprise at John's sudden change in stance.
John smiled and said, "Look into my eyes, Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock sighed, but nodded.
Why was everything going terribly? Sherlock frowned mightily at the screen and scowled. John was too caught up in humming and making himself tea to notice. Sherlock couldn’t even ask for a cup for himself thanks to this blasted whatever-it-was.
"We didn't take anything," John protested.
There would be a CCTV camera set up outside on the corner as well, and Sherlock would be able to figure out which car it was based on the tire treads. It would be easy.
"John, please touch me harder," Sherlock begged.
Epilogue
Against his will.
"Or are you a naughty lad?" John asked. "It looks like you are. Nicking Lestrade's handcuffs."
The first person that they saw upon their arrival at the Yard was Sally Donovan. Sally frowned at the sight of them and put a hand on her hip in clear disapproval.
"What about my boots?" asked John.
John giggled. “Well, I don’t know where all your clothes ended up…”
"Yes, John," Sherlock hiccuped.
There was still one scarf left, and Sherlock said, "Tie it around my eyes."
The field hospital made two more appearances, as did the back of a med-evac jeep. He must be delirious, because he swore that there was a warm presence curled up beside him on the way.
With a tired groan, John got to his feet and padded over to the door. He opened it, and Gladstone looked up at him and grinned, her tail thumping against the floor.
Gladstone immediately rushed up and jumped the bar counter, knocked McTavish clear off his feet. John grabbed Sherlock's arm and dragged him out the door, Gladstone close behind them. She hadn't actually hurt McTavish, although getting knocked over by a seventy pound animal was terrifying enough. They ran as fast as they could, and it wasn't until they were several blocks away that John realized he still had Sherlock's sleeve clenched in his hand.
"I did most of it at the university," Sherlock said unhappily. "I just got so... angry and cut it all off."
Sherlock felt all wrong-footed as he collected the curry from the fridge and followed John next door. John put the curry in the microwave and found them some cutlery. They were too subdued, not talking with their usual banter, and it was unnerving. Sherlock cursed himself silently. Why had he decided to come over? He knew he didn’t know how to handle situations like this well, so why had he subjected himself to it again?
That was apparently the wrong thing to say to get him to leave. The other alpha bristled angrily and stood up taller, trying to make himself look as large as possible. John squared himself up as well. The air between them was tight with tension.
"Look what a mess you've made," John whispered, pushing the crop up against his mouth. "So eager for it, my dirty little cock slut."
I ducked my head down to look at our shoes. I couldn’t meet his knowing eyes, not like this.
John put an arm around Gladstone protectively. Gladstone was very conspicuous, and even if someone didn't know about his connection to the break-in, they might report him for having an unleashed dog. And if they arrested John, they would take her away from him. John didn't like to think of what would happen then.
"And you think you could act all lovey-dovey with Sherlock?" Sally asked, eyebrows raised.
John gasped at the sight, tore down his jeans and pants quickly, and took himself in his hand which was still sticky with Sherlock's release. Several rough strokes later and his come coated Sherlock's stomach as well.
"Don't touch that, Sherlock," John said. "We need to have them sent to a lab or something to be tested."
"Yeah, right after I..." John mumbled, his lips so close that Sherlock felt his exhale on his skin.
"No," said both brothers, glaring at one another across the room.
He tightened one arm around my waist, drawing me closer. We were so close.
"Oh," John said belatedly. "You're back."
This time, Mr. Fielding turned red, and looked angry. He clenched his hands into fists and shook his head. He gestured at Sherlock for the map. He drew another circle around a spot on the map in a residential area of London, and then patted his own chest again. His house.
“I think I can handle it,” Molly said.
"You would find it fun, correct?" Sherlock asked.
"Hurry, John," Sherlock said, jumping up and pacing around.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows, and suddenly caught on. "No."
John approached the table and sat down. He blinked hard as he looked at the spread before him. There were nice fat sausages, perfectly golden brown, baked beans, fried eggs, and even some fried tomatoes. John could hardly think of what to say as Mrs. Hudson put a full plate in front of him. She had made him breakfast.
“I’ll see you soon,” he said.
had happened on the stag night.
"But you help him, don't you?" John asked. "Sherlock knows who you are."
John looked scandalized. “How can you not have a fridge? That’s illegal, isn’t it?”
"It's a Christmas jumper," John said. "Mrs. Hudson made it.You've got one, too."
"Just six more, darling," John said, running a hand over his heated skin. "You're doing so well. My good lad."
“Um…” Sherlock said.
Before anyone could say anything, Sherlock's phone went off. Sherlock grabbed it and saw that Lestrade was on the line. He quickly handed his phone to John, who answered promptly. Lestrade wouldn't even think it strange that John was answering his phone, since it happened so often.
"Must be a rush order," John said in a low voice as they exited the shop.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" John asked in a low, husky voice.
"Why do you need to send Sherlock in?" John said. "He could get killed!"
"Really," John said. "How long have you been here?"
John sipped his coffee and sighed happily. Strangely, he didn't mind that there wasn't a case right now. Sherlock had promised to take him out later that night and show him the city.
"Is there, now," John said. "I'll deal with it."
Sherlock hated shopping for gifts. Christmas one of those times when everyone around him seemed determined to wish him good cheer. It was very annoying, and quite often, Sherlock was tempted to tell their children that Santa didn't exist in order to get back at them.
John smacked his exposed arse, on the right cheek this time. "When was it?"
And John had finally had enough. He put his arm around Sherlock's back and straightened his shoulders.
"But you do want to stay," Sherlock said, and John caught the look of vulnerability in his eyes before he looked away.
Hello all! Sorry about the late update, but I'm moving home again. I also got a Twitter account (@TeaTestosterone) if you want to follow me there. If you follow me, I follow back. Just a quick question. Does anyone want me to update faster (like every 3-4 days) because the chapters are so short? Or is a week a good amount of time for deciding the next move? You can answer in the comments or chat with me on Twitter. Also! What hashtags do we use on Twitter??? Thanks everyone!
"Come on, Sherlock, Donovan has offered us a ride back to Baker street," John said.
Shaking his head, John searched the bar area, scorched as it was, and turned up a torch. Miraculously, it still worked, and he followed them down. The fire hadn't touched anything down here, it seemed. The brick walls and metal door had preserved it somewhat. Like Len's place, the
John's hand ran up Sherlock's spine and back down. Sherlock's legs shook, and John had hardly done a thing to him. John kissed the middle of his spine and seemed determined to press his mouth to every single vertebrae on the way down.
John looked down as Sherlock whined and squirmed. Sherlock was tenting his trousers already, and John took pity on him and undid his flies.
"Sherlock, there you are. I brought you a coffee!"
Sherlock matched his breathing to John's, and John sighed contentedly. He liked cuddling, and hadn't been indulged by anyone in quite some time. It was nice, and warm, and intimate. Sherlock had relaxed into John's embrace by this point, and almost seemed to have gone into a light doze.
Sherlock avoided sitting down on anything for the rest of the day, much to John's amusement and Sherlock's mortification. It was obvious that Lestrade's team knew something was going on, but didn't know what. John wouldn't actually reveal the real cause behind Sherlock's seemingly strange unwillingness to sit down, but it was fun to tease.
"Why would you want to do that?" Sherlock asked. "The flat will be filled with loud, messy people who we only marginally know through work."
Hello everyone, I hope this story is still interesting! It's getting fun, and I hope you can solve the case!
"Okay, if you're sure."
Sherlock's cheeks burned at the word, at John using it to describe him, he was both completely mortified and absurdly delighted by it. John's nose brushed against his, and then John's mouth found his. Sherlock's hands came up and clutched at John's shoulders.
His neighbour was a nutjob. He kept banging on Sherlock’s door telling him to keep the noise down. Sherlock conceded that sometimes his experiments were rather loud, but this sort of thing happened even when Sherlock was asleep.
“The trade debts were the only reason I even considered Sherlock as a husband for my Molly. Oh, dear Molly, probably scared out of her wits -”
There was one thing they did know about John, and that was that she never stayed the night with a one-night stand. And here she was with Sherlock, still asleep, one arm draped around Sherlock's waist and the other pillowing Sherlock's head. She smelled soft and somehow warm, nestled up against Sherlock's side. She was still asleep, and Sherlock was tempted to simply watch her for most of the day, just lying there, breathing.
"I didn't realize," John said faintly. "So..."
“What, are you not going to let me go until I tell you?” I asked sarcastically.
"No," Sherlock said sulkily.
John stood, and taking Sherlock's hand, lead him down the hall to the bedroom. He expected it to be just as cluttered as the rest of the house. It was surprisingly clean, which made John smile. Of course he'd keep his own room clean.
John couldn't bring himself to move, even though he knew he had to be crushing Sherlock with his weight. His muscles were still trembling, and his thighs felt watery enough that John wasn't confident with his ability to walk straight. Eventually, he tried to roll off of Sherlock, but Sherlock made a sound of protest and tightened his arms around John's neck.
"Holy, Doc Watson, is that what you really look like?" Wiggins asked.
“What?” asked the young woman in surprise.
"Come on, Sherlock, just slow down and enjoy the view for once," John admonished, and slipped his arm through Sherlock's.
"Was he missing for long?" Sherlock asked.
"I don't care who you send with me as long as they don't undermine the investigation," Sherlock said loudly.
Sherlock could hear John and the other alpha arguing through the door and groaned low in his throat. The primal part of Sherlock thrilled with pleasure. Two alphas were fighting over him, and he stifled a mewl with the back of his hand. There was a part of him that wanted to simply open the door to incite them to further confrontation.
"Chantelle," the nurse said.
"I really don't want to know," Lestrade said.
"What's there to talk about?" Sherlock asked.
"Yes," Sherlock replied. "Today... I just couldn't stand it anymore. I went a bit... mad, I suppose, and just cut it off. But I just made it worse!"
"I'll get some biscuits and tea," Mrs. Hudson said, and bustled back out.
I'm going to do with it?" he asked sharply.
"Not as such, no," John said. Though he should have, come to think of it.
He was really close to me, and it made my brain fog up a little, making the decision difficult.
But I had to know.
"That's a start," John replied, and slowly slipped his index finger up inside.
John smacked him again a moment later, keeping the beats between them in his head like the cadence of marching.
John, who had been lying on his side, head propped up on one elbow, grimaced.
"Do you have a double room available?" John asked.
Malcolm shoved his gun in the waistband of his pants and covered it with his blazer.
It could have been an accident.
With a lot of grumbling regarding physical labour, Sherlock managed to move one of the rocks, and soon both he and Molly were free of the castle and in the air.
“Yes,” Sherlock snarled.
So he was also interested in the fire at
"How do you pay bills?" John asked faintly. "Afford a flat in this area of London?"
"How did you know my size?" John asked. "They probably won't fit."
Walking down the sidewalk, it was already apparent how his changed appearance changed how people saw him. John had never been so happy to have indifference directed at him rather than scorn, and in some cases, outright hostility. He realized he was being rather quiet once they found a cab, immersed in reflections of his life.
“Yes,” John agreed with a lop-sided grin.
"Okay," John said. "I won't stop. Just... will you tell me what I did wrong, Sherlock? Whatever it was, I didn't mean to hurt you, in spite of the fact that I obviously did, somehow. Please just tell me what it was."
I knocked on the door and said, “Housekeeping!”
Sherlock tried to do as requested, but his muscles were trembling too much, and John had to help. Considering the position he wanted Sherlock in, he untied his arms, massaging them carefully. He retied them up in front of him. As he did, John checked his fingers and toes for signs of circulation problems.
"Why not?" Sherlock said.
"That's it, love," John said. "Come on, I know you can do it."
"This is so..." Sherlock said, unable to come up with a word for it in the moment. They felt remarkably light-headed, and swayed in John's arms.
“That sounds like a solid idea,” John said. “Let’s get ready then.”
Lestrade reached out and shook his hand.
Once the show was over, John said, “I should really give you my mobile number. Then you can call me whenever you want to make plans.”
"My sock!" Sherlock said sulkily. "You can't have one favourite sock."
"Oh, shush, Sherlock, sit down and have some tea," Mrs. Hudson scolded him.
John grimaced and drank. "Never have I ever fake dated anyone."
“Ugh, and she was going to get me a book in order to try and break the spell,” said Sherlock. “I can’t just figure everything out on my own.”
This kiss was so different than the one he had shared with Janine. Objectively, Janine's mouth was fuller and softer than John's, but kissing Janine had felt mechanical and void of emotion. Sherlock had calculated every angle of attack, where he should put his hands, what his face should look like when they drew back, John's reaction in the background.
“It’s probably a false alarm,” Sherlock said, looking down at his now-soft groin morosely.
“Or Anthea,” input Mycroft.
*~*~*
Sherlock hated being obvious. He also hated revealing his own design before he knew what the risks were, and what likelihood he had of failure versus success. This was maddening.
There was a twitch at the corner of John's mouth. Aha! John
"And I had them all memorized," Sherlock sighed.
C) Reveal yourself and demand answers.
John smiled, leaning down to brush a soft kiss over his mouth. Sherlock leaned up, hand coming up to curl around the back of John’s neck, pulling him down. All that warm skin made contact, and Sherlock groaned against John’s mouth as their bodies settled together. Sherlock spread his legs and John slotted in between them, aligning their groins.
The further John got down the street, the more Sherlock felt as if he'd made a dreadful mistake. A mistake that could be rectified. He trembled on the edge, wanting to call out to John, but also being afraid of what calling out would bring. Fear held him back until suddenly, something inside him switched on.
"I'm okay," Sherlock slurred, pulling his tied knees up so that John could see his wet hole.
"God, yes," he gasped. "I've wanted you to for ages, John. I just didn't..."
"Yes, I thought it might be," John said, nodding towards the clipboard in Sherlock's hands.
Lestrade and Sherlock got into an argument, while John looked around the flat. It had a home-y feel in spite of the clutter, and was very odd. There were all sorts of strange books on the shelf about poisons, chemistry, old murder cases, and bee-keeping. There were two squat chairs facing each other, and John found he rather liked them, wishing he'd sat down in one of them instead. Beyond that, the kitchen was covered in tubes and pipes, a microscope, and a bunsen burner. Interesting.
Sherlock immediately ducked down to crouch next to the body. Mid-50's man with obvious cholesterol problems who had been viciously stabbed several times in the back with... a very small, thin edged object. Probably a nail file. But the stabs were very shallow and superficial. They weren't what had killed the victim.
The door downstairs opened, and Sherlock heard John coming up the stairs and smiled.
"Nothing from the morgue for you today, Sherlock," Molly said sternly.
"What's that about angels?" John asked in bemusement. "I'd almost say you were doing that on purpose now, if I didn't know that you know absolutely nothing about literature."
"No, wait, Sherlock..." John said helplessly.
Sherlock shrugged. Even if he were inclined to be supportive of John’s dating habits, which he wasn’t, he had no idea what constituted a proper date. He imagined most dates didn’t go according to the mainstream romantic ideal.
"God no," John said, looking to where the Cluedo board was still, even after all this time, pinned to the wall with a knife.
"I had a dog named Redbeard," Sherlock said. "An Irish setter. He was my only friend."
Sherlock whined and kissed John again. John ran his hands up Sherlock's side, and Sherlock whined and grinded himself back against John's hardened length, which was settled in the curve of his arse.
"I suppose it is," allowed Sherlock.
The only thing was, what if he'd been getting it wrong this entire time?
and made a move to stop her, but it was too late by then. Donovan had launched herself off of Sherlock’s raised knee and Lestrade had had a few too many to catch someone with her forward momentum. John managed admirably, but Lestrade fell over.
Rather than say anything, because nothing he said made any sense anyway, Sherlock went over to the table and picked up a matchbox.
John had always wondered what hearing Sherlock babble would be like. He'd imagined that it would be cute, but instead it was just terrifying. Sherlock wasn't watching the things that came out of his mouth. Sherlock hated drivel, and he would probably consider the things he was saying as such.
Sherlock stumbled backwards, hands clinging to John's shirtfront. They tumbled back onto the bed as Sherlock's knees hit the edge.
“Sarah,” John said. “I told you I’d just be a minute-”
Sherlock clambered up, and John lay him out on the bed, hovering over him. John reached up and undid the cuffs, dropping them off the side of the bed. He left the collar, but started undressing Sherlock, getting him out of the silly little costume.
Sherlock wrestled with the hateful necessity of letting anyone know anything about their vulnerabilities and letting John in. They wanted to trust John, to be able to tell her what was wrong. There was always that insufferable hope in the back of their mind that John would simply accept them as they were.
"Not now."
"Oh, I see," Molly said. "Well... shall we, then?"
“Hey,” John whispered. “It’s okay, you know. There’ll be other times.”
He was so angry, he marched down the street without realizing that Gladstone had bounded after him in pursuit. He walked for a long time, without seeing anything around him, he was just so angry, the hot rage burning in his chest like heart-burn.
But this game had other days.
John dug around the boxes until he located his kettle and his tea, then put the kettle on the empty counter. Sherlock fidgeted while they waited for the kettle to boil.
“I want us to be a couple. A proper couple,” John said carefully. “And if you don’t want that, too, we should stop right now.”
"You can't," John said. "But we can try our hardest to make things work. And I know you, and you know me, as well as any two people can know one another. We have to trust one another, and if something happens, we have to work together to fix it."
"What do you think I was doing in here earlier?" Posh Bloke scoffed. "I was making sure that there weren't alarms and cameras. The one in the corner is obviously fake."
“Indeed,” John answered. “Thought the name might give it away.”
Sherlock sat and waited, knowing that John was in the clinic and wouldn't answer. The car pulled up to a house, and Mummy was there waiting to greet them. Sherlock allowed her to kiss his cheek and fuss over him.
He was still drowsing when John moved. At first, he thought that John had grown tired of snuggling and was going to go do something else, such as make tea, or breakfast. But he tugged at Sherlock's shoulders until Sherlock was lying prone on John's bed. Sherlock was momentarily confused, but then John kissed the back of his neck. Sherlock froze.
“Yes. I - um - yes,” Sherlock said, and he could feel himself blushing.
They cleaned up the bathroom as best they could in their panic, and all but ran back to the lab. No one was there still, but one of their fellow grad students had left a hoodie near the lab bench. Sherlock put it on, throwing the over-sized hood up over their head.
Sherlock hazily came back to himself and became aware of the semen cooling on his skin and gluing him to John, collapsed on top of him. He smiled slowly and twined his legs with John's, feeling very satisfied and satiated.
"Missing," Sherlock spat. "All that's down here is beer!"
My heart pounded against my ribs, and the feeling in my chest ached. I made a rather embarrassing noise against John’s lips and pressed back, eyes sliding shut. John tilted my head slightly, and our mouths slid together more firmly, slotting together like puzzle pieces. I was so intent on kissing him, that I forgot to breathe.
"Yes, yes, you'll need some clothes and things. We'll get that, no trouble at all."
"And I'm not interested in a dragon," Molly shot back. "I overheard you the other day about experiments. I'd love to help you with those."
Sherlock hates jumpers more than usual.
The best thing that Sherlock had discovered about being with John is that he could demand a hug anytime he wanted. Mostly, he would come and stand very close to John and lean on him until John realized what he wanted.
–" Sherlock cried out and came hard, clenching around the dildo and shuddering as his release spilled all over his stomach and chest.
"Fancy going round to the pub with Lestrade and some of the Yarders?" John asked as he entered the flat.
“It is,” Sherlock said, looking out over his beloved city.
He was just so...
"Shove over," John grumbled, and got back into the bed.
Sherlock shook his head.
"This is very ill-advised," Sherlock said.
"Dominatrix," Sherlock said, and then blushed. That wasn't supposed to come out.
"I thought you were
"Rubbing alcohol isn't meant for human consumption," John retorted bluntly. "It's made of a different type of alcohol than spirits. I really hope you're not drinking this, it could do major damage to your central nervous system."
Sherlock did like Italian, and could have brought them both some excellent pasta from down the street. But something about John cooking for him, making him something with his own two hands and then serving it to Sherlock was very appealing. A warm flutter in his abdomen seconded this thought.
John grinned at him sheepishly.
I fought down a blush at his words. He was just being a caregiver again, no need to get worked up.
I felt like I was falling, and it took a second to realize that my knees were shaking. I was still trembling as if I could rattle myself right out of my skin. John’s fingers carded through my hair and I groaned into the kiss hungrily. John crowded close to me, and we were close, so close. I could feel his chest heaving against mine. He was as affected as I was.
“Are you moving in?” Sherlock asked.
"We don't need the handcuffs," John repeated, and Sherlock sat up at the tone in his voice.
Sherlock and John get a little giggly during bedtime.
“We can't go back,” Molly said. “We'd be trapped again.”
"And you, here!" Sherlock said, putting his hands in the flour on the counter and pressing them to John's jumper.
“I suppose the public might find your choice of dress indecent,” John said, and Sherlock could tell he was hiding a smile.
It had happened once or twice after John's stag party. The one that chiefly stood out in his mind was the night that John's divorce was finalized. John had insisted that Sherlock drink, too, and Sherlock, not wanting to reject this invitation of solidarity, had gotten completely plastered. He was still embarrassingly incapable of holding his drink, but at least he hadn't thrown up this time.
"I – I – I don't mind!" Sherlock stuttered. "That's not it at all, John."
Sherlock has the best Christmas he could have wished for.
John felt like two days of hiding out were all he could handle. He itched to get back out, and even worse – he wanted to find Sherlock again. He had his address even. All he had to do was offer to help out with the case, and he had an in. He didn't have to do anything illegal – he could be a look out, or a spy, that sort of thing.
"For afterward," John explained. "Trust me when I say we won't want to move after this."
John's forehead wrinkled, and he asked, "Are you quoting Shakespeare or something? I didn't think you knew any Shakespeare."
John took Sherlock's throbbing cock in his mouth and sucked once in a long, hard pull.
John was sitting on the sofa watching some dull Christmas movie, one in black and white. A small child was talking about an angel getting its wings or some such rot. Anyhow, the point was, John was not paying attention to Sherlock.
"Oh, I've put my foot in it now," Lestrade groaned. "You're the chap from last night, aren't you. And that's the very same dog that I complained about not having a leash."
“Written on every single box you own,” Sherlock said, smiling.
Sherlock watched morosely as John left and muttered to himself, "Yet if hope has flown away in a night, or in a day, in a vision, or in none, is it therefore the less gone?"
"Nothing would distract you at all. Not even a little bit?" John pressed.
By the time Lestrade left, Sherlock was even more stroppy than usual. John just smiled and closed the door behind him as he went.
"Never mind, I'll find someone like you," he sang, going to sit on the edge of John's bed, the one farthest away from John's sleeping form.
Sherlock took his chance and nuzzled his head into John's neck. John's hand left his shoulder and slid into his hair, stroking gently. Sherlock made a sound remarkably like a purr and pushed up into John's hand. His scalp tingled.
B) Lie about what the dream was about
Sherlock whimpered and clung to John's back, fingers slipping in sweat, nails scoring the broad expand of skin.
"You're like a cat, you are," John said, sounding pleased.
"We need to send Christmas cards to everyone," John said that day over breakfast.
"Definitely a concussion," one of the ambulance attendants asserted.
John started to get a niggling feeling that this wasn't a good place for him to be right now.
"I will," Lestrade said. "Doctor Watson can follow me."
a) Babble some excuse at John
"Oh, this is some Sweeney Todd shite, isn't it?" Lestrade moaned and closed his eyes. "Christ. I need more coffee. Let Donovan know about the blood."
Before anyone could move, the Woman had disappeared in a puff of green smoke. The guards ran towards the lingering cloud anyway, even though it was clear that Irene Adler had gotten clean away.
John ran the riding crop up Sherlock's arm, watching goosebumps prickle up his forearm. He followed his bone structure right up the the swell of his shoulders, and then ran the rich leather down the ridged length of his spine. Sherlock shivered under the attention, and almost seemed to preen, although he didn't move.
"There's blood," John pointed out grimly as he pointed up at the grate. "Might want to run an HIV screen on him as well."
“I would...” Lestrade said. “But I need two people who work well together to do it.”
As the two of them walked along the street hand-in-hand, Sherlock still couldn't shake the feeling that this was a dream.
Sherlock blushed harder.
Sherlock took that as a compliment, and snuggled a bit smugly against John's sated form. John pulled Sherlock against him clumsily, arm still not working properly after the effects of orgasm.
Oh. Sherlock had never considered that possibility. An understandable oversight.
“Lestrade,” I began to say.
"I'm not me anymore," John said. "I think you've taken over my life, and you've only been in it a few days."
"There, good as new," John proclaimed.
“Just come at me, I dare you,” said the woman, waving the stick.
Secondly, Sherlock didn't like boys and never had. They had struggled to try and find any delight in the male form and in their rough boyish personalities, but they never did find them appealing in the least. On the other hand... Sherlock loved girls. They loved their faces, and their hair, and the way they moved, the way they always smelled so nice. And Sherlock liked one girl in particular, although they were having trouble telling the girl in question.
"Yes, yes, I wasn't gone that long," John said, hands stroking over her ears.
Sherlock stared around the crime scene in dismay. It was blatantly obvious what had happened, but the real problem was the cupcakes. He was surrounded by cupcakes of all shapes and sizes, all decorated beautifully. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to take a bite out of one.
"Please," John said, then cut himself short. "No, never mind. This isn't how I imagined this happening."
John got a funny twinge in his stomach.
"Eyes" John must be thinking of the eyeballs Sherlock had left there yesterday.
John kissed his neck again, and then between his shoulderblades. He kissed the curve of one shoulder and then the other. His mouth was warm and soft as he trailed it down one shoulderblade, and then down his spine. Sherlock couldn't handle the contact, burying his face in the pillow under his head to hide his furiously red face.
“Now what are you doing here?” he asked, seeming puzzled as to why they were voluntarily spending time with Sally.
“Oh,” he said, a little more breathily than he’d have liked in order to appear unaffected.
"Where were the cameras pointing?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock was in such a state of mind now, his thoughts spiralling ever downward, that he couldn't bring himself to pick up the flash drive and begin trying to figure out what it was that had rendered him basically mute.
Gladstone was actually pawing at the door, impatient for John to finish dressing. She was used to action, and soldiers flinging their clothes on as fast as possible. This dawdling was getting in the way of breakfast, as far as she was concerned.
His phone was on the bedside table, and he backed up to get a wide shot of Sherlock that fit all of the bondage work done on him, then came closer to take close-ups of the knots he'd used. He brought the phone down next to Sherlock's face and flicked through them.
"Radiation."
“Watch an episode of the East Enders with me?” John asked with a yawn.
Sherlock did, and it was just as enjoyable as it had been all the other times. He hummed in pure happiness, and his arms went around John again. He ran his hand up John's back, half scientific curiosity, half desire for John's body. He had firm muscles, and the slope of his shoulders was a pleasing degree.
"But you didn't find anything besides his drug stash," John said. "Anyway, you can't use it as evidence if you break and enter."
"Prove it," Sally said.
c) Try to listen and move at the same time
Once they got into their flat, Sherlock quickly shrugged his way out of his coat and shoes, John following suit. To his surprise, John went to the cupboard and grabbed a bottle of wine and two glasses.
John quickly accessed him.
"Sherlock, are you home already?" John called from the front door.
Sherlock managed to kiss back this time, but he felt clumsy, as if he didn’t know what to do. That wasn’t far off. He had only kissed people when it came to a case, and even then, that hadn’t been often. Janine had insisted, but it had felt mechanical, as if Sherlock were kissing a mannequin.
There was a narrow little hallway leading back in the direction of the kitchen, and the ceiling was low. John didn't have to duck, but ahead of him, Lestrade grumbled and shielded his head.
"Dinner?" he asked, looking suddenly unsure of himself.
