“Thank you, but I’m okay Jarvis,” he murmured. “Can you-can you check to make sure no one’s found anything out about the bunker?”
“Hey, you should be going to sleep. Can’t work in the lab tired, it’s too dangerous.” Steve gently scolded, holding what looked to be like a small phone in his hand. “I was going to give this to you tomorrow, but I figured you may have something soothing in here that’ll help you sleep.”
She held out her hand for him to shake, “Carol Danvers.”
Instead, the two men think that Tony is afraid of what he experienced and promise to not leave him alone.  Promise to protect him.
“Oh god, I’m not ready,” Tony moaned. Thank god Julia was in Steve’s arms or else Tony was going to run away with his daughter.
“You deserve it,” Pepper said. “And we've been hearing good things about you from SI Scholars and SEG.”
“Have fun, you two.” Pops waved a hand. A silver car stopped just in front, Da at the wheel, Pops got in and they immediately left.
“Or me,” Natasha commented. “I already know mine.”
“Come on. It's okay, my love. It’s just a shot,” Tony said. “Sometimes things can hurt and… and it’s okay if you cry about it.”
There was a beep. “Sir, Miss Gail has arrived at the lobby,” JARVIS said.
[Image 2: Tony is cradling a sleepy Juliana to his chest with Steve’s arm wrapped around both of them and his other arm holding up the camera. Tony’s nose and cheeks are red and Steve still looked teary-eyed, but they’re beaming.]
Happy chuckled. “Well, I don’t know much about science, but I’ve got nieces and nephews of my own. Sometimes they just need a bit of novelty and a new face doting on them.”
Something inside Steve tightened with so much love and affection for this man. He cleared his throat. If he made a big deal of this – because it was a really huge, really thoughtful deal – Tony was bound to flee.
“Thanks, Thor,” Steve said, relieved someone was being appropriate.
He smacked a kiss on Julia’s cheek one last time and handed out hugs and back slaps to the guys and a chivalrous kiss to Natasha’s dainty hand before walking out to the pad. Tony trailed after him.
child was finally here, finally home. This child was going to grow up surrounded by heroes and robots and… and a lot of bad things Tony wasn’t going to think about right now. But good things! Yes, a lot of good things! Think of the good things!
Wade grinned, blue eyes so, so bright behind his glasses, and his smile softened. “Honestly, Petey. It’s fine. Don’t be embarrassed. Your dads are nice and they’re… well, your parents can afford to go anywhere around the world, but they decided to go where you are. That doesn’t seem so bad.”
“Da.” Peter groaned.
“So you’re wearing nothing under there?” Tony asked, walking over and peering at the armor as if he could see through them. At the back of his mind, Steve wondered how he even knew what Tony’s perving-on-Rhodey face was.
Tony wasn’t even fazed. “Oops. Well at least now you have your excuse.” He waved his hands in shooing motions. “Now, chop, chop, porkchop, go and have the bots take that armor off.” He paused. “But since you’re going
“Don’t call him that,” Clint made a face.
“HA!” Clint exclaimed, before sitting down. “Eh.”
Having a child in the tower seemed to have brought them all a bit of perspective… and peace.
“Darce, don’t call her a spawn, and Tony, I love you, but I’m going to kick your behind for suddenly dumping all my stuff in the hall,” Gail said, huffing tiredly.
“It’ll be fine, Tony,” Steve said, cutting through his thoughts. He smiled gently, leaning forward to kiss Tony’s cheek and press their little bundle of joy between them. “We can trust your bots, and JARVIS will be there to help us out. Right, JARVIS?”
“Okay then.” He pressed another number on the door’s keypad. “JARVIS, how are the boys?”
“JARVIS reads to her a lot,” Steve said, like it was so normal to have the most advanced AI in the world reading to their daughter at night.
Everybody knew Miss Hauer. She was the elderly Head of Accounting and knew every single agent, recruit and trainee in SHIELD. She and Tony got along like a house on fire and she was one of the few people Steve personally told in confidence when he and Tony finally decided to start dating. She called herself a diehard fan of theirs, said they were well-suited together.
, gorgeous royal violet blanket Thor gave, well, only Steve knew about that.
“Hey, pretty Momma,” Darcy greeted. Clint waved a hand.
Clint smacked a kiss her cap-covered head. “Wow, Juju-bean! You look so cute in your onesie! And look what I have!” He showed her the milk bottle. He helped Bucky offer the milk until Juliana was happy sucking her bottle and waving her feet in the air.
Steve held it up to show Tony, who groaned, while DUM-E waved his arm in excitement.
The large-screen TV flared to life, showing a slideshow of four photos.
He sighed. He really needed to get them to help with more chores around here.
[Image 10: Juliana looking up at the balloons, wide-eyed and fascinated.]
“No, no, no, no. Not us. Just you.” Tony tried to grab his phone, which was really pretty unfair for him considering how much stronger Steve was physically. But Steve knew how scrappy and devious his husband could be.
[Image 1: It’s a black and white photo with the only splash of color being Pepper’s long, red hair. Pepper and Happy are facing one another. Happy is laughing with his arms around Pepper, who is smiling brightly. Juliana is curled up in her arms between them, giggling and the fingers of one hand are wrapped around a long lock of red hair.]
“Already did, sir, and recorded it as well,” JARVIS replied.
He probably would be less annoyed if his parents didn’t look like they were enjoying themselves so much as they (not really) hid in the restaurant just across the hotel where Peter and the other interns were staying. They were even wearing matching outfits for god’s sake – matching rose gold tinted sunglasses, matching open-toed sandals, and matching white linen beach shirts with red and blue flowers – red for Da and blue for Pops, of course, because they were both ridiculous about their colors even when out of their uniform). Pops was wearing dark cargo shorts while Da, ever dramatic, was in long, black, flowy harem pants.
“Hey! Julia learned how to blow a raspberry!” Clint cheered.
“Our comrades have returned safe and hale.” Thor clapped his large hands. He lifted Julia out of the playpen and let her crawl to them.
“Ooh yeah. Nobody wants that.” Tony winced. “Okay, so Happy gets the baby by lunch, then maybe we can get Thor to babysit her for dinner. That’ll keep his mind off this.” He gave Julia a little jiggle. “Here that, baby girl? You have to make sure you’re all cute for Uncle Thor so we don’t get his sad eyes. They’re deadlier than your baby blues when you cry.”
After his Ma had passed, Steve always looked back fondly, if a bit bittersweet, at the memories. The winter holidays most especially had a thing for making him feel melancholic.
He pushed the door and, on instinct, stepped forward first, shielding Steve and his baby from the room. The room was far more orderly than he had left it a few days ago. He and Steve had been hanging out at the time, Tony with his soldering iron and Steve with his sketchbook, when they got the call from the birth mother that her water broke. They high-tailed it out of there like their asses were on fire. It was unexpected. Their baby was a few days early. Steve claimed their baby no doubt inherited Tony’s impatience, but for Tony it was all about Steve’s preference on arriving early.
Thor, ever curious about Midgardian’s odd customs, had joined in, asking Nat to read a few interesting passages to him. Clint was being a mess and adding commentary. Bucky scoffed, but wasn’t fooling anyone with how attentive he was.
Tony had tried to explain the baby to the bots a few months ago. JARVIS obviously knew what was up. He was the one who compiled all sorts of information on adoption, surrogacy, agencies, laws specifically for gay parents, etc. for Tony and Steve the moment they decided they really, really wanted a child of their own. So Tony knew JARVIS probably imparted the knowledge (a.k.a. data) to the other bots sometime along the way. But Tony still felt the need to explain it to them and to JARVIS. More than just his attachment to and affection for his creations, Tony felt he needed to say it out loud too, so that it would also really sink into him that he, Tony Stark-Rogers, and his husband of two years, Steve Stark-Rogers, were going to have a baby.
“It’ll be fine, Big Bird,” Darcy said. “Secret Secret Agent, Frozen Popsicle Number 2, and Her Gorgeousness will be back before you know it.” She pressed a kiss to a chubby baby cheek and then held Juliana up to Clint. “Now here. Channel all that depression into positivity and hug the mini-Avenger.”
“I’m fine, Tony. We’re fine.”
Wade raised an eyebrow at him, which reminded Peter that it was in bad form to talk about injuries that way, especially not to a teenager who had eighty percent of his entire body burned.
Steve himself didn’t have a lot of photographs or mementos, at least, not a lot of personal ones. And no, the museum collections dedicated to him didn’t count. His few pictures and personal and private effects were kept by the army and then scrounged up by Howard and then Tony himself. But he liked pictures. They were a form of art, which Steve appreciated. And while he wasn’t into taking pictures of himself – selfies as Tony kept telling him – he liked group pictures – groufies, and seriously, these nicknames were sometimes really weird. He especially liked the ones with the team, and he really, really liked random ones, the candid shots that captured real moments. He much preferred pictures of Tony than himself though, and now with a baby,
“I want to!” Peter said, far too enthusiastically. “If– if you’re free, I mean? And if you think you can handle a room full of crazies, superheroes, spies, scientists–”
Pops rolled his eyes and downed the rest of his coffee. He licked his lips. “Huh. You know, Greek coffee tastes really good.”
“For Petey-pie’s sake, let’s not.” Da smacked a kiss on Peter’s forehead so he knew there were no hard feelings. He turned around.
“Brucie, my scintillating, science side piece,” Tony fluttered his eyelashes flirtatiously. “Darling, dearest, sweetums, you know I love you, don’t you?”
“Yes, sir,” JARVIS replied.
“Hey!” Tony’s head shot up and he glared at the ceiling. “How’d you know I was here?”
“Juliana is just going on five months,” Steve sighed. “Why are we even talking about her cursing?”
“If you’re not busy,” Steve said. He set about scooping some chicken and curry for Tony. God knew his husband wasn’t going to do it himself what with how busy he was flirting with Bruce.
Pepper shook her head. “No. I’m just dropping this off.” She waved the package. It was rectangular and wrapped in special brown paper with green and black twine.
Bruce looked down at Tony. “Why so long? And where to?”
Apparently, Gail was also pregnant.
As they hit the two-month mark, Tony’s life with his husband and their baby girl could be described in one word: blissful.
The doctor turned to them, eyeing Steve and then Tony. “First of all, she is going to cry. It is a natural reaction. When that happens, Captain, you sit down and hold on to your baby because you are not allowed to punch me.” Steve sputtered denials, but Dr. Pius ignored him. “And you, Mr. Stark, are not allowed to sue me for a normal and perfectly safe procedure or faint on my clean floors, because I will never let you live it down and I will tell your daughter the story every single time.”
Bruce reached over for a few colorful pieces and waved them over Juliana’s head. She looked at them transfixed. At least Bruce stopped trying to give her away.
“Let’s call Pepper.” Steve plucked Tony’s phone from where it fell on the bed.
Which meant that Wade was also part of this trip as well.
“You’re such a pushover,” Tony said, poking his husband lightly on the back. “You’re going to let them get away with everything.”
“Well, don’t tell him that. He’ll make that sad face,” Steve said, looking up from his phone.
Tony was pouting. “If I had known this was going to happen, I wouldn’t have called Rhodey here!”
“Yeah, the Avengers are constant customers,” Peter said, sitting down. He noticed his mangled shooter on the table and pushed it to one side.
Tony clapped his hands together. “To the Thanksgiving Day Parade, of course! It’s on Tuesday, actually.”
fingers curled around his thumb.
“We’ve already got scientists working on inhalable vaccines,” Bruce piped up, gathering his notes and tablet. “But it’s still touch and go on the effectivity.”
“Wait!” Da struggled against Pops’ hold. “Wait wait wait wait wait! Steve! Lemme go!”
“Okay.” Bruce skipped a few questions. They all agreed to skip the cliché relationship ones. “Oh, this one: First mobile phone and first person you ever called?”
Steve chuckled in amusement. “Hello, DUM-E, U, Butterfingers. We’ve missed you all.”
Steve: “Oh, that would be wonderful, JARVIS. That’s a good idea to use to the Iron Man armor. While you ready that, I’ll go get Julia.”
“Aaaand Tony already emailed you the list, okay, got it.” Steve sighed.
“Who is it, Jay?” he asked.
At the corner of his eye, Steve noticed Natasha’s cheek twitch, so slight that Steve wouldn’t have noticed it if his eyesight wasn’t so sharp.
Tony looked so slighted at that Steve had to stifle a chuckle. He motioned for Tony to keep quiet.
Steve suddenly realized the compromising position they’re in. “Phil–”
Steve looked down at his quiet daughter, smiling down at her and rubbing gentle fingers through her hair and her headband. They already fed Juliana before leaving the tower, so she’s fine munching on her own fingers for a while.
While Tony let Juliana listen to Pepper’s voice, Steve got her dressed and talked to Dr. Pius. Tony let him take care of that, listening to Pepper’s soothing voice talking to their baby. Juliana seemed to like it, getting a little smile as she listened to whatever Pepper was saying, probably something about shoes, or strategies to take over the world, or about how Tony was a bigger crybaby.
Julia smacked her lips, smiling when Dr. Pius pressed the stethoscope to her chest. She wiggled about and Tony had to hold her hands and kiss her quiet until she was agreeable enough.
“A monthly baby photo book,” Tony said, grinning. “Kids grow like a weed and while we’ve both got eidetic memory and an AI that could record every single moment of our child’s life in this tower and beyond–”
Rhodey nodded. “I’ll call you as soon as I can.”
Tony chortled. “You know, if a stranger heard that, it’d cause quite a scandal. They’d think Captain America was cheating.”
Ned grabbed Peter in a headlock. “That is so cool, man! All those all-nighters paid off! And you were so worried about it.”
“Where are you taking her?” Tony asked. “And while you may be her fairy godmother, you are not allowed to kidnap my baby.”
Peter yelped and ducked, feeling the electricity singe his side. He fired a web, using it to pull himself into safety. Behind an overturned stall, he grabbed a brick and threw it across the way at the direction of the attacker. The brick exploded when it hit an electric shot. Peter noticed a metal table at a café across and webbed it, pulling it and then whipping it around the corner before letting go. There was a thud and a shout and Peter knew he made contact.
Pepper knew better and didn’t choose a side, simply saying she’d love their baby no matter who was the genetic donor. Happy, always so jovial, simply said the same as his wife. Rhodey hung up the phone the moment Tony asked, while Bucky slammed the door in Steve’s face in much the same way. Clint had said they shoot in a cup without labels and let Fate decide. Thor offered to ask his mother Frigga if it was possible for Midgardian men to conceive, which scared Tony badly, so they immediately dissuaded him from making the trip. The others only offered their opinion because they were sick and tired of all the questions and arguments. Natasha suggested twins, while Phil said they could have two children at any point anyway if they didn’t want two kids right off the bat. Nick simply said that ‘he didn’t fucking care whose damn kid it was going to damn well be.’ Maria just looked at them like they were crazy.
Steve had actually walked in on that conversation and instead of laughing it off, he had been mildly upset and accused Tony of giving them ‘the talk’ without him. But since Steve was perfect and ridiculously patient and wonderful, he forgave Tony and held his hand as they
“Or what? Or what?” Thor asked, wide-eyed and curious.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I just said it was going to be Barnes, so there. And besides, honey bear still has those top secret missions he thinks I don’t know about, so we can get Robocop in front of the camera instead. Win-win! Rhodey’ll understand why he’s relegated to fourth. It’s his fault anyway. I mean, honestly, he got all of Julia’s emails and if he wanted to be on the roster, he’d make the time.” He then went on a somewhat unintelligible rant about some mission Rhodey was in.
Tony clutched his chest and screamed, and everything once again, went black.
“Look,” Steve speaks softly. “I want to call a truce with you.”
They avoided the subject of his captivity, knowing that the genius couldn’t afford to focus on the past without being thrown into a panic attack.
Tony whimpered again, the words not processing as all he could feel was the water going up to his chest. He could hear the screams, the anger. Finally, managing to work his muscles enough, “please.”
Tony had finally managed to get a hold of his laughter, but upon the look on everyone’s faces in the room, he immediately lost it again. Both hands wrapping around his stomach as he doubled over, hearing Shuri start to join in.
Glancing at the beams of wood that someone had put on the grass, he made out what looked like pieces that could be made into a swing set. Normally he’d need a few people to get something so heavy up, but with Steve it would be almost too easy.
And right there, on the screen positioned just next to a dock in California, was a flashing light. But it was more than that, the plan that had ultimately been set in motion so long ago had worked.
“Go to sleep doll, we’ll be here when you wake up.” Bucky planted a chaste kiss on Tony’s lips before leaning back and curling around him, the television turning on so that a movie played quietly in the background.
The genius knew that the kid wouldn’t be returning to the surface anytime soon. When Peter had finally grown enough courage to show his face around Tony, it had been to burst into tears and beg for forgiveness.
“Your fever finally broke, why were you drinking Tony?” The man seemed genuinely confused as to why the billionaire would have been in a state of panic when they went after him, like they were the sane ones and the person they had been virtually kidnapping was in the wrong.
If Tony had to listen to the heart monitor beeping in his ear one more time, he was going to have the conniption Peter had been threatened with. The sound of furious typing at a computer to his right made him realize that he’d have to teach Rhodey a thing or two about using machinery without breaking it.
---------------------------------------------------------
“And what’s the name of your group?” Tony had a feeling he knew, but he had to ask.
With a disgruntled sigh, the genius sat back on another sofa that had been placed in the warehouse. He noticed that the place was filled with large shipping crates, although T’Challa claimed only a handful were full.
He was laid out on a worn sofa, inside what looked like an office that obviously belonged in a warehouse. The walls were covered in graphs and lists, numbers and photos. A large desk sat nearby with an old computer humming softly.
He’d given her the advice to act like an unknowing child, and then had explained to Bucky that she had been distressed because she couldn’t remember where she was and thought she had been kidnapped. It was easy to convince the men that she was truly a child, and not for the first or last time, he’d question what Loki was up to.
“Not for Tony.”
The man snorted, knowing that Tony was far from the curse word Nazi, the kid’s aunt, however…
For the life of him, Tony could not begin to figure out what the two men had gone looking for. No matter how much he tried to dig into his own memories, he couldn’t remember a conversation that spoke of them leaving.
They walked into a large kitchen, where Pietro and an older man sat around a tall island. The counter had freshly cut fruit, and it looked like someone was baking bread in the oven.
It was strange, that they wanted to do so. It was their fault he was in distress in the first place.
The smaller brunette met his eyes, brows furrowed as he tried understanding exactly what was going on with the genius.
“He’s a child, he needs to eat.” He whispered the words, conscious that he didn’t want to cause the little boy to wake up.
“I’ve made weapons… I’m responsible for so much death.” Tony instantly replied.
Half of him wanted to scream. Scream like Natasha had insisted he do when he needed help. He was sure that the occasion called for it. To scream until the feelings bled away. He was sinking in quick sand, and there was nothing he could do.
It wasn’t until two days later that he finally managed to get Peter alone. The group had fallen for the A.I.’s lie about taking stock, and had stopped questioning why the five suits were slowly moving everything into the escape ship. Only Rhodey had thrown suspicious looks Tony’s way but hadn’t verbalized his thoughts… yet.
“Tony, we can’t just…” Steve started to argue, cut off by another kiss.
When Tony had fallen asleep both Peter and Rhodey agreed that he couldn’t continue to bleed from his wrist, and sent for the doctor to help him heal. They had refused to leave Tony when the other man had been summoned, but agreed to set him down so that the genius could be looked over without the bodies to block the path.
Flicking on the shower, Tony turned and faced himself in the small mirror above the sink for the first time.
Peter had also explained that Dum-E and U would be especially excited to see him. Apparently, they had been a nightmare without their creator, and even the princess of Wakanda hadn’t managed to completely tame them.
“I was told to bring this, and to let you know that you should put Peter to bed and go back to your room.” She spoke without emotion.
No one was looking for him. They knew that Tony was with a mutant (genetically enhanced, but Peter didn’t have to explain that to anyone), but not what he looked like. Hell, even the picture they had broadcast of Tony was old. The billionaire’s hair had grown to fall in styled waves to his ears, the goatee replaced with stubble. No one was after Peter.
There was absolutely no warning when the man used both hands to rip the pants right off of the genius’ body, mouth wrapping around Tony so quickly that there was no way the genius could withhold his shout.
Still sick, the genius passes out halfway through the film.
Per usual, on nights when they all trained, he was left in the apartments to do as he pleased. They had placed a bracelet on his wrist that was created from a heavy metal, a tracker.
“Good morning,” Tony chirped, sitting up slowly.
“As you know, we have undergone several changes in the past few years. And while some of these changes have come at a price, they have been for the betterment of humanity. Crime rates have virtually disappeared, and we have kept you safe from all attacks.” The man took a moment to take in the applause of the group in front of them; the world had slowly started to warp into the thought that the Avengers were exactly where they belonged. In charge.
So, he could only venture that he was in some sort of area that was meant for prisoners or a safeguard. An area that had been created solely to keep people’s prying eyes out, or someone locked in.
“Tony, what in the world makes you think I’m alone in escaping from here?” She raised a brow.
“If something does happen,” Tony raised a hand to stop the protest. “If something happens, you have to promise me you’re going to keep the kid safe.”
When there was a lull, and most details had been discussed, the man spoke softly. “So, what city are we headed to? I’m assuming someone wanting to hide super powers is going to try their best to blend in, and you can disappear in a big city pretty easily.”
It was an instant shake of the head, there was no way that Edwin had ever raised a hand to him. Howard, however, was a different story. “You’d never lay a hand on me.”
“Peter,” Tony sighed in relief, slumping into the kid’s hold. From the side of his eye he could see Rogers take a concerned step forward, realizing that Tony was truly not doing well.
“Goodnight kiddo, feel free to come get me if you need me.” Tony stands, not sure how he feels about willingly returning to the other room.
Tony met her eyes, quiet as he looked between his palm and her face.
Hope you enjoyed! Thank you for being awesome! Happy Halloween!
With a snarl, Tony twisted to face the door. One fist slamming on the wall and sending a large thump through the room. “You took my kid, turned him into a toddler, and trapped us in this house! And you’re asking if I’m okay? Get the fuck out!”
“You’re really intelligent,” Tony finally spoke, making the observation with a raised brow as he shot a look at the girl over his shoulder. “I know you don’t want to be here,” and it seemed the words seemed to settle something in the teenager. She heard the unspoken words, that he had no choice in the matter either, they were both stuck.
Tony is glad that neither men are looking at his horrified face, as he tries desperately to throw up the mask he spent years perfecting as a child. With such a tragic childhood and having to socialize with other rich people he didn’t like, Tony had learned how to be a phenomenal actor.
“I have,” Tony spoke softly, a smile gracing his lips. “My favorite was this one kid that I had to get out of Queens. I didn’t realize it at the time, but he’d basically become my son, you know?”
“This is one of our weapons depots, it holds some of our new tech. I was hoping you’d look at them see if there’s anything we can improve on.” She paused, seeing a look of complete terror take over the genius’ expression.
And now, Tony realized that he hadn’t just sent his family to safety, he’d sent them directly to the heart of the rebellion. And that, just maybe, had saved his life.
Iron Man threw a shot at the man, and watched as it diverted his path long enough for the suit to swoop down and safely deposit Tony on the ground. With JARVIS as the operator, it flew further into the city, sending the group off after an empty machine.
Tony’s hysterical laughter lasted several minutes before he’d fallen into ugly sobs, arms reaching forward and pulling the little boy to his chest. The soft glow of the arc reactor shining through the shirt and illuminating Peter’s face.
Tony scoffed, “I’m not out of it platypus, he didn’t say much at all, if that.” The genius grinned, the atmosphere of the room easing as he started to try to forget the episode he’d had only moments before. “Why don’t we at least head towards our transport? Seriously, what’s the worst that can happen?”
“It’s time for bed,” Bucky grumbled. “You can start fixing the coffee machine tomorrow morning punk.” The brunette sauntered away from the two towards the door, Steve quickly grabbing a hold of Tony’s chair and following behind.
As soon as he moved into the room, the child held up his arms directly towards Tony, not even looking at the other two men as he made hands for the genius to lift him. “Daddy!” The little boy cried again, big tears streaming down his face.
What no one could have planned for was that de-aging Tony would have also made the man more susceptible to things that had happened in his early twenties.
Tony vaguely makes out promises from the two men, told that he’ll be protected. Told that he won’t suffer again. But he tunes it out, curling into the warmth that is suddenly around him as he delves into the darkness with an open embrace.
For the first time in a while, Tony glanced up at his reflection and saw a light in his eyes that had been missing for some time. Sure, another one had replaced it when he’d started to immerse himself into the new environment. Now it was gone again, and the little glint of determination that had almost faded to nothing but ash was quickly burning into a wildfire.
The Captain did not look amused, his arms crossed as he glared at the back of the technicians. They were the best of the best, but none could find a single way to track down Tony Stark’s whereabouts.
“Bucky?” Tony spoke after a moment; the brunette having only sat on the edge of the bed. “Do you mind if we eat in here today? I’m just… tired?”
Tony began to pace, clenching his hands into fists. “You took away everything that made him Peter!”
The room was silent.
“Son-of-Stark!” Thor booms, his attention finally free from a rather loud conversation about weapons with Clint.
Tony knows that it’s wrong. He knows that, rationally, the man holding him is the reason he’s even in such a state. But he can’t stop himself, he can’t help it. A hand locks onto the blonde’s shirt and Tony finds himself curling further into the warmth the man provides. Eyes closing.
T’Challa had explained that once Jarvis was transferred, the group would be boarding the craft to get back to his home country. There, it would be safer for the group to be off the radar from the Avengers. Their technology was beyond anything that Tony could imagine, at least that’s what his Platypus had assured him.
With an indignant squawk and flailing arms, the genius watched the hammer that had been in his hand sail into the air and hit Steve square in the chest. The captain, completely unprepared for the tool, had dodged back and failed to catch Tony as he slammed into the grass.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to say anything,” Steve all but cooed. Before the tone could get the genius’ heckles up, the male leaned down and planted a gentle kiss on his temple. “Why don’t we sit up sweetheart?”
Gazing around the genius decided he would just wear his pajamas, feet bare as he padded to the hall door to see if they had left it unlocked.
He threw his hands over his ears, trying to smack the memories back into the correct order. He hated the soldiers, he wasn’t supposed to be there. But they loved him, took care of him, made sure he was well fed and healthy. They watched movies with him, played games, and let him ramble about the bad mechanics of the television.
“My systems are at eighty percent, sir. I spaced myself out over too much data and am currently reconfiguring in this facility. I believe it is Princess Shuri’s intention to allow me back into the Wakanda network once I have recovered.”
Tony didn’t bother to withhold the groan at hearing the same familiar beeping of a heart monitor nearby. Was he in medical again?
“Hey, why don’t we move everything to the living room? We can watch a movie. Peter can pick.”
Removing anything that the genius could use to potentially harm himself or others, the two soldiers had sat beside Tony and explained that they would be returning soon. Bucky had kissed him on the cheek, Steve on the head, and the two had disappeared with the audible click of the door lock.
Throwing back the drink and taking a few gulps from the bottle itself, Tony managed to get himself to his feet and stumble across the room to the bed. He was feverish, the shaking had started up again as he found that the lack of friendly voices in his ears were haunting.
They had gone to some sort of warehouse, Tony having injured himself before they got there. It had led to his hands being wrapped…. Right?
“Don’t you want to come with me?” She asked.
Tony is gently placed on a very soft cushion, the blanket following to curl up around him as pillows are propped to keep him sitting up. He’d be offended at being treated like a child, if he weren’t grateful for the fact that the props are helping him stay up.
The genius had to immediately throw himself at Steve to avoid the little hand that flailed to smack him. The former Captain didn’t seem to mind, his arm wrapped around the man’s shoulders as he grinned.
Natasha raised an eyebrow at Steve. “Donut bumper?”
“Two hundred, twenty-three pictures and videos over the past few days, to be exact, Sir,” JARVIS said. “And that’s not counting the Captain’s own collection.”
“How about you?” Bruce asked Steve and Tony.
Steve’s boys both looked so dapper.
Tony: “For god’s– Just make sure it’s nothing top secret! And–and you can use the armor!”
“I think I can handle all that, Peter,” Wade said. “Thanks for having me.”
“Good job! Yeah, you tell him!” Tony cheer-whispered. “Tell him to stop brooding and pay attention to you!”
Darcy smiled him, eyes soft behind her glasses. “That’s good to hear.”
It was so different from the gorgeous, flamboyant, overconfident man Steve had first met, or the more gorgeous, more flamboyant, more overconfident, gentle, kind, self-sacrificing, lovely man Steve had fallen in love with.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know. We’ll think of something. Now, come on. You’re a mess and you need a shower, dinner, a movie, and then bed.”
Pepper laughed as the teens all exited the room. “I’m going to go before I get involved in your shenanigans.” She kissed Tony’s cheek then Steve's. “But keep me updated on that cute little development.” She walked off, radiating amusement.
“She’s brave to go through it alone,” was all Pepper said, before she and the Avengers commandeered Tony and Steve’s attention to stop their fretting.
“I guess you found that already.” Steve grinned, ruffling Peter’s hair affectionately. “Yeah, Da told me. He wanted it to be a surprise. We’re so proud of you. He said you, Ned, and MJ can even try it out before the Opening Ceremony before everybody else.”
Tony looked up at him, smiling. “We’ll do it? We’ll do a monthly photo book for our baby?”
“He’s planned it all out, Bruce, and you know he won’t stop nagging.” Steve smiled. “And I agree with Tony anyway.”
Tony: “It was MY idea!”]
Tony looked down, busying himself with Julia. He kissed her chubby cheek and slowly eased her on her tummy on the nursing pillow, straightening her dress. She made a displeased noise. She hated tummy time, but she wasn’t crying yet, which was a good sign.
“Hey! Let me go!” Tony resisted weakly.
“Au contraire, I am adorable,” Tony sniffed. “Aren’t I, tartlet?”
“Stop being so wiggly, munchkin,” Tony laughed. “Stop it. Stop it.”
going off topic?” Steve rolled his eyes.
“She’s having another one of her crazy episodes,” Tony mumbled, glaring at his coffee.
“Just yours,” Steve mumbled, still a little flushed.
“Of course, Sir,” JARVIS said.
“Thank god for Pepper,” Steve said.
“See you later, boss,” Happy called out, baby and bag on hand and Steve felt his heart drop down to his knees. But he trusted Pepper and Happy and he knew Juliana was in safe hands.
“I know you won’t steal my baby, Gail Antera,” he said, slowly sliding out of bed and placing a pillow in his place. “So just make sure no one else does.”
“Why would you put confetti in here, you idiot?” Rhodey asked, sighing.
Clint scoffed. “Don’t bother, Darce. The parentals already made the announcement. No photo-op this month. Boo-hoo.”
“JARVIS, can you see her?” Steve asked, looking up at the ceiling on habit.
Steve had always thought that anybody would be lucky to have Pepper in their corner and Tony had never been shy in admitting that Pepper was a godsend and that he would literally fall apart without her. Steve had felt a similar gratitude when he befriended Pepper – and yeah, maybe getting into her good graces was part of his attempt to woo Tony – because her support, understanding and the way she displayed such kindness and regard helped soothe Steve in the big, bad, shiny modern world.
“Oh, oh, um, let me help,” Peter said, reaching out.
Natasha walked over to take Julia from Steve. She couldn’t hand the baby over with the armor in the way, but she held her up to the War Machine. In the background, Tony was still whining, which was probably what Natasha wanted as Julia smiled gummily at the armor.
“Hey, Steve, Clint, Darcy, and hello, my little miracle,” Gail walked over and leaned down to kiss Julia’s chubby cheek and rub her head. “And just look at those curly locks. You certainly didn’t get those from me, or those baby blue eyes.”
is my finest moment!”
Tony tilted his head towards her. “Are you going to cry? You know I don’t do well when you cry, even if you’re being sappy and saying mushy, lovely stuff. If you cry, I’m going to cry, then Julia’s going to wake up and cry. It’s not going to be good for Steve’s stress levels.”
“What?” Tony grinned. He used to be embarrassed when Steve stared at him and their daughter in that way, but now he was too used to it. He was sure he looked at Steve and Juliana the same way.
Steve let Tony and Julia play for a while, pleased as punch whenever the three of them were together.
Thor and Julia than proceeded to play catch with Butterfingers, laughing and giggling in amusement.
“With the amount of times you looked at Tony’s behind, grabbed it, talked about it, it’s kind of easy to tell.” Bruce made a face and tucked the magazine under his arm, standing up with his cup of tea. “And honestly, at this point, we all don’t want to know even more than what we already do.”
“Thank you. Those look gorgeous,” she said, her brown eyes shining. “And I’m perfectly fine. How about the new Dads? You two seem stressed.” She grinned.
Steve frowned. “That’s not nice. I think we should tell them so that they don’t feel as if they’re competing. Maybe send out a schedule.” He grabbed his phone, taking pictures as Juliana started trying to roll over, making cute grunting sounds. “Goodness knows we send out enough emails. I don’t want anyone feeling left out. And besides, it’s Thanksgiving.”
So for now, people were as tame as they were going to get. Steve had noticed a lot of cellphones and cameras trained their way and a lot of whispering and pointing, but no one was walking up to them and that was good enough for him. The only one who got close enough were a young couple, two young women who passed them by, one of whom was expecting, who told them they were fans of the Avengers and wished them good luck. They didn’t even try to peek at Julia, just smiled at the baby carrier strapped to Steve’s chest.
There was a beep and Steve turned, managing to duck away when he almost got clonked on the face by a claw.
They were so… just so…
Tony hid behind his pancake, stuffing a large one in his mouth and mumbling nonsensically. He was allergic to feelings on most occasions, but especially during mornings.
“I’m sorry!” Peter said, again. “I’m sorry I left and that I didn’t contact you sooner.”
By the time they were at the lobby waiting for Happy and Juliana was settled against Tony’s chest, Tony noticed the clock on the wall.
“Oh my god– This is– I can’t–” Tony stuttered. He crouched down, leaning against Steve. He wrapped a palm around the back of his husband’s neck to soothe him as well as himself.
“What?” Tony squeezed his middle and fluttered his eyelashes a Steve coquettishly. “This is the twenty-first century, darling. Flirting isn’t all just physical anymore. It can even start online. Imagine that.”
JARVIS was prompt. “Miss Potts already had the baby bag sent to the baby’s room, and the bassinet is in the penthouse. Everything has been ready, Sir, as it has been for weeks now.”
Wade winked at Peter, deftly ignoring Peter’s parents bickering good-naturedly behind him. Wade didn’t seem at all weirded out or averse to Peter’s life as the son of superheroes, and Peter couldn’t help feeling Wade was going to fit right in.
Peter sighed, rubbing his forehead. “Da, we’ve been texting and calling every night since I left. You said you were both going on a trip, but you couldn’t even tell me you guys were
“Gail. How are you?” Steve asked as they approached her bedside. “These are for you.”
Gail laughed. “Well, I’m the only mother in this equation, so any nickname is fine.”
Steve smiled, reaching a hand up to secure the flailing Juliana. He turned to Phil. “Thanks for helping us out, Phil.”
“I might just up their budget next year.” Tony winked. “Come on. How about I take you on a tour before we check on those kids?”
Steve thought about that. It was a pretty good idea, some mementos for their child when they were older and it was also something of a family project for him, Tony, and their baby. “That sounds like a good idea,” he said. “It’ll be fun.”
And just to make it clear to everyone – to Tony that his gesture was appreciated and to Bucky that the gesture was genuine – Steve invited Bucky to be part of Juliana’s photo book during breakfast the next day, where it was just Steve, who was feeding Juliana; Tony, who was half-awake over his plate of pancakes; and Bucky, who had his own plate and was watching Juliana demolish her first bottle of the day.
“Good. Thank you.” Tony knew JARVIS was feeling just as frantic going by the fact that the elevator had already dinged open and was ready and waiting.
“I do have a concern though,” Phil spoke up, and Steve immediately straightened. “Nothing serious, Steve. Don’t worry.” He pulled out two folders among the few he had on hand. “I’ve been meaning to give these to you, actually. I guess now’s a good time.”
(Honestly, Pops could cuss better than Da sometimes, but the public would never believe that.)
Steve had a feeling this was all Clint’s fault. He was the only one who would even dare bring a Teen Vogue magazine into the Tower and leave it on the coffee table in the common area living room in full view of the other residents of the Tower who, despite not interested in toting around that kind of reading material, would certainly still flip through it when they saw it - those gossipy birds.
Steve sighed, but stood up, hitching Tony up with him with his hands under his man’s… well, voluptuous behind. Tony’s eyes darkened as he hung from Steve’s arms.
“Let’s do Disney tonight. Something for Julia and something I can sleep through,” Bucky said. Both Natasha and Phil nodded.
Tony jumped up. “Perfect! Everyone else is also invited!”
Steve nodded Happy over to sit at the island with everyone while he paced and rocked Julia back and forth to calm her. She had been feeling finicky most of the night and all of the morning and nothing they did would soothe her. Tony was nursing a cup of coffee, watching them both and looking sulky and tired. He had taken over most of the night shift wrangling and Steve knew his husband was probably cranky and emotionally fraught right now. Tony absolutely hated it when Juliana cared. So despite his supersoldier ears ringing, Steve stepped up to the plate this morning to give his husband a break.
And Steve had Juliana.
Tony was silent, one hand holding his tablet with a white-knuckled grip. His eyes were wide and so disbelieving, as if any second Steve was going to take it back and laugh at him.
Tony pulled out everything Steve packed, some sandwiches, a container of sliced fruits, some of the leftover lemon bars Bucky made, a thermos of coffee, and a few water bottles. He set them out between them and Steve snagged a sandwich, while Tony started work on the berries and sliced bananas.
Wade glanced at it, curiously, but didn’t say anything.
“Will do, Captain.”
Clint had put the pretzels away and moved to sit inside the playpen with Julia, playing with the blocks Thor and Queen Frigga had gifted her. They were made of some type of springy material, bouncing like a ball and changing colors whenever they were thrown around.
Thor had stood up, wide-eyed and already sparking a little at the tips of his hair from excitement. “Truly? You have invited Lady Jane, Lady Darcy, and Erik?”
“So? Can I send them the schedule?”
“We have an appointment on Wednesday with a very important person,” Tony declared. “And by we, I mean Julia, and by appointment, I mean babysitting, and by VIP, I mean Pepper.”
Bucky looked up when he felt something on his forehead, only to see that Julia had scooted over by his head. “Why do I have a baby leaking all over me?”
Steve chuckled as he watched Julia tumble backwards against Clint’s leg, catching her toes in her mouth and gumming them. Clint chuckled and tugged them away.
Peter shouldered past Wade and ran after the man, who was waving his gauntlet around as he ran and sending electricity in all directions. Peter cursed when he noticed several more bodies fell, some of the buildings shudder, and dust and rubble erupt everywhere.
“Tony.”
Despite only just giving birth, Gail looked like a vision. Her long, dark hair tumbled about her shoulders and face. She looked tired, but she was glowing and smiling widely as she cradled a bundle to her chest.
Peter crawled around the stall, trying to find a way to target the man. The webs were strong. A direct hit and he’d be able to web the guy and incapacitate him without a problem.
If Tony wasn’t in the presence of incredibly deadly, sharp superheroes and his own husband, he might have gotten away with the subtle twitch to his eyebrow.
“We got Gail to thank for all that,” Tony said. “And whoever knocked her up, I guess, but I prefer thinking it’s all Gail.”
“Ok then,” Tony said, voice and hand shaky. Steve had to hold him. “Mommy Gail and baby...” He took a deep breath. Gail had told them the baby’s name just before she was wheeled inside the delivery room, and he and Steve had been murmuring the name between them like a mantra for hours now.
Thor nodded attentively. “Oh, I see. But I have always wondered at such medical methods. I would think Midgardian parents would rather not inflict pain on their offspring or on themselves for that manner.”
“It’s not that, though I look good in purple so hush your mouth, Metal Man,” Clint said, flapping at hand at Tony’s face, who pushed it away. “I tend to notice what people are wearing and what they’re
Tony had a really, really sweet tooth. It was one of Pepper and Rhodey’s tried-and-true methods to get Tony to sit still or for suitors to butter him up and win his favor. Steve had been steering it into healthier stuff the past months, especially as it was bad enough that the other occupants of the Tower were awful enablers (see: Clint, Thor, Bucky, Darcy, and surprisingly Phil).
Clint snickered. “That’s true. Nothing like a good dose of profanity to get the blood pumping.”
[Image: Rhodey and Juliana are in the nursey. Rhodey is on the rocking chair with Juliana on his lap. They’re reading and listening to Julia’s ‘Amazing Animals’ play-a-sound book. Rhodey is pressing a button and Juliana is wide-eyed with her mouth in an ‘O’ looking surprised. Half of the War Machine armor is visible, standing guard off to the side.]
Clint raised a hand, grinning lazily. “I’m in. I’m not turning down an all-expenses paid hotel by Tony Stark.”
Her former irate tone turned suspicious.
“And now I kissed Captain America!” she cheered. “Best day ever!”
Juliana finally finished her bottle, letting the nipple pop out of her mouth. She waved her fists demandingly.
“You know what I mean, mon capitaine,” Darcy said, sticking her tongue out at him.
“Come on, munchkin. Let’s get you dressed up and then we’ll head home and get our snuggle on.”
“Yes you are, darling,” Steve commented, busy attending to his daughter. Julia looked exhausted, but she smiled when Steve kissed her soft, warm, chubby cheek. She let out a weak raspberry making Steve chuckle.
“Okay then, kids. We need to get the baby settled in her room, okay?” Tony said, standing up and helping Steve get up slowly as he shushed Juliana sweetly.
Pepper scoffed, though her eyes looked a little shiny. “I’m not going to cry. What I mean is…” she cleared her throat. “You both have a daughter now and honestly, I never thought that would happen, at least… legitimately or planned or without lawsuits and screaming and scandals happening. But you have a daughter now and I’m confident enough to say I’m family–”
“Thank you, Thor,” Steve said. “And Tony and I still need to give your mother a thank you gift. Julia needs to be years older before we’ll even think of taking her anywhere, but you know your mother and your people are welcome here if they can make the trip.”
“What’d you do, Juju-bean?” Clint asked her.
“Aww, don’t mind the birdie, Iron Pot,” Darcy commented, just as Julia reached her. “He’s just being prissy and jealous because a certain
They were embarrassing, but Peter liked that they were having fun. It was bad enough always being celebrities Tony and Steve Stark-Rogers, but also being superheroes Iron Man and Captain America were titles that always followed them around. It was nice that they could just be husband and husband, no matter how sickeningly sweet they acted.
Iron Man in armor sans helmet and a casually-dressed yet shield-toting Captain America landed in front of Peter in a defensive cover.
Tony mumbled something.
“The birth mother is coming?” Thor asked, suddenly excited.
Tony and Steve’s conclusion: They were going to adopt.
Tony ignored Steve, busy giving Rhodey the stink eye. “What are you wearing under that? Did you even wear what I told you to?”
baby somewhere, it would most likely be for something good and because I deserve it.”
“She’s fine for now, Thor,” Steve hastily said. “Her tummy won’t like it if she drinks more. Don’t forget to burp her.”
“Clothes / What they’re wearing,” Bucky and Clint blurted out at nearly the same time before glancing at one another and bumping fists.
“Are you dead, soldier-boy?” Tony asked.
“I was pretty worried,” Wade admitted. “I couldn’t help coming over. I’m glad to see he’s okay though.”
“Steve is fine, son,” Pops said. “And thanks for the treat. I take it you came to see how Petey’s doing?”
“Quite, but I have taken care to ignore his more outrageous demands,” JARVIS said.
“Remember what we talked about?” Steve asked, not even the least bit awkward at talking to the bots as if they were real. “Juliana is just a baby and she’s still really small and really fragile. So you guys can’t touch her or carry her yet.”
Julia drank her milk slowly, blue eyes blinking slowly before latching on to the mobile over her head.
Steve smiled. “Good. Thank you, JARVIS.”
“I'm so proud of you too, Peter,” Pepper said, smiling. “Stark E-Games Division has been drumming up attention for it and a few investors have even expressed interest. We’re all very excited for the showing.”
“Is that Gail?” Tony asked. “Can she make it today?”
“I don’t know who you’re talking to because that’s certainly not my surname,” Pops said, grabbing two donuts, “anymore, at least.”
“It’s definitely a keeper,” Rhodey said. “Julia’s a beauty.” He made to twist the cap of the tube.
(See the end of the chapter for
The two exchanged one last hug and they all watched Rhodey get suited up by the bots on the landing pad before he jetted off with a final wave.
Julia had been sleeping with them since the first hint of snow in the air and now that Gail was staying over the weekend before Christmas, she was spending the night with her Mama at the guest room just down the hall from Tony’s and Steve’s, all toasty and warm as JARVIS watched after all of them.
“Oh, definitely,” Tony said, checking his watch. “We’ve got some corporate sponsored gamers coming in to try, and you can either join them or go before them, whichever you guys wa–”
[Image 4: Bucky is in the kitchen, wearing a black apron with the words ‘This Is A Manly Apron, For A Manly Man, Doing Manly Things, With Manly Food.’ Phil is in the background, waving a pair of tongs and wearing a blue apron with the words ‘The Grillfather’ on it.]
“Oh, he’s probably done something, like always, but that’s not why I was calling. I was looking at the calendar on Tony’s phone and noticed you had an appointment with Julia. I was just wondering what that was for.”
“Y-You want to what?” Tony asked, eyes wide and almost dropping his tablet.
Bucky scooped her up, kissing her cheeks until she was shrieking with laughter. “Zvonochek, when you grow up, I’m going to teach you the fine art of baking. It’s all about technique, ya know? An’ good instincts an’ good taste…”
“Tony is my family, certainly much more than my own family.” Pepper said, voice soft and smiling fondly at them. “Then Rhodey came, and Happy, and the Avengers blew up New York. Then the two of you started dating…”
Steve had browsed through thousands and thousands of monthly baby photos. Most parents took pictures of the babies and added cute little captions on what milestones they had achieved over the past month or some cute little fact about them. They were all so adorable and while Steve wanted to make one for Juliana, it was kind of redundant and common. Also Tony, so pleased with just about every single thing his daughter did, had already made ‘JJ Stark-Rogers’ Calendar of Awesomeness,’ where he had JARVIS jot down almost every single milestone, reaction, and trivia about their daughter. Steve had made a habit of it too, asking JARVIS to take a picture or take note whenever Steve noticed something so compelling about his baby, never mind that his baby usually just slept, pooped, ate or stared at them, rinse and repeat.
Steve noticed that Ned and Peter were gaping and whispering furiously and slapping each other as MJ trained a camera on Wade.
Juliana was growing – so much growing! – into quite an adorable baby and, by twist of fate, seemed to be the perfect combination of her parents for all that she was adopted. Her hair was reminiscent of Tony’s curly locks and her blue eyes were slowly growing brighter into Steve’s baby blues. She had a dimple on her left cheek just like Steve, and a smattering of moles on her back almost in the same pattern as Tony’s. Steve said Julia and Tony also had the same giggle, but according to the baby books it was all just reflexive laughing for now and the real thing happened in about three or four months. Maybe their baby was ahead of the curve, but Tony didn’t want to put pressure on her. She was a happy baby, that was enough.
Steve looked up and it was true. War Machine was bypassing the landing deck and was headed straight for the doorway.
Steve shrugged. “Yeah, but Gail gave us this weekend because she can’t be here for Christmas. How was she supposed to know Thor and Jane would suddenly decide to take a trip?”
(Steve had seen Bucky staring at the photo a few times, always with that tiny, content, disbelieving smile on his face.)
Darcy was suddenly standing on the couch, wide-eyed and arms waving madly. “I taught her something! Oh my god! I have imparted knowledge! I take it back!
Tony melted and he leaned forward, ready for the soft kiss Steve pressed to his lips.
is my finest moment!”
“Come on. I made breakfast, and Julia’s bottle is ready.” He offered his arm like the gentleman he was and led them to the elevator.
Thor bounced off, leaving a disheveled Tony melting across Steve’s lap.
Bucky jolted up, plucking a gun from thin air and pointing it at the window. “Whozit? Whazit? I’ll shoo’em.”
“What kind of photos are in there?” Natasha asked, curious.
“What’s for dessert, Buckeroo?” Tony asked.
It wasn’t as if the Avengers weren’t aware of Juliana’s monthly baby photo book. They had all received Juliana’s daily emails after all – and yes, Tony went and made or bought their daughter her own email and domain, or something of the sort – and none of them would miss the email blasts of ‘Juliana’s Monthlys!!!’ Not to mention the fact that the photos were hanging on the nursery wall.
“You’re so smart, zvonochek,” Bucky said, rolling over to his front and pillowing his head in his arms. He let Julia grab a finger. “Now baby, say Bucky!”
It wasn’t that Peter didn’t love his parents. He did. God knew it was probably weird having superheroes-slash-celebrities as parents, not to mention having to put up with his Da’s paranoia and his Pops’ overprotectiveness. But they had always been first and foremost Peter’s fathers. They were supportive and understanding and, coupled with Peter’s extensive, nosy and occasionally overbearing extended family, Peter was in want of nothing in his life.
Tony made a noise of disgust. “I resent my AI being called an app. How degrading.”
“When the bots first met Julia almost a month ago when we took her home, we already called them her brothers. I meant it then, I mean it now, and I will always, always believe it.” Steve smiled and pressed a kiss to his silly husband’s nose. “Those bots are your family, have been your family far longer than the Avengers, than me, hell, even Pepper and Rhodey. They’re your family and because of that they’re my family too, and Julia’s.”
“What do you mean you already know yours?” Tony asked, narrow-eyed.
“I hope she doesn’t cry a lot,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to her curls.
“MJ?” Tony called out.
The door slid open just as War Machine flew in, landing in the middle of the living room with a thump.
They looked it up online and they found that one of the ways to keep their child calm and at ease during injections was to hold them. It was a no-brainer for Steve to step up to bat at that. He had been worried about his strength, but Tony knew Steve was only ever gentle with their daughter, always. And this was better because once Juliana cried, Steve wouldn’t have a free hand to punch the old doctor with.
Steve sat close, legs crossed, facing the same way Tony was, their shoulders touching.
New York City was at its best and brightest during the Christmas season. Steve had always loved it, even back in the old days despite how much his health usually suffered because of the cold weather and the lack of hearty things to eat. Those were the times Steve’s Ma really had to tighten her belt, always trying to make sure Steve was as well-fed and warm as possible and scrambling for medicine whenever he couldn’t avoid getting the chills.
Tony tossed a few keycards on the table. “Or we could ignore all that and go for Julia’s first Thanksgiving Parade!” He waved his hands in the air, excited as he talked. Julia waved her hands, making grabby motions too.
“Love you too, boss,” Happy said, grinning. “We’ll send pictures and updates.” And just like that, the elevator doors closed, leaving Steve bereft of his child. He squared his shoulders and turned to his husband, who was indeed close to face planting on his coffee cup as Natasha took photos.
The elevator doors slid open.
“Aah,” Juliana sighed and waved her hands at the onesie.
, human that couldn’t protect itself, couldn’t understand what was happening around it, could hardly move even, especially at only a handful of days old.
Tony heard Juliana sniff her last and he leaned her back.
“And she’s got Mr. Stark’s brown curls, how coincidental,” Dr. Pius said, stroking the baby’s head. “Seems a perfect combination of you two.”
Juliana paused from slobbering all over her new toy and regarded Bucky with a gummy smile. She raised a hand towards him, making grabbing motions.
“I can feel the sap you’re broadcasting our way, Rogers,” Tony said teasingly, glancing at him.
“How long is the Colonel’s leave this time?” Phil asked, watching Rhodey playing peek-a-boo with Juliana, who was shrieking at him and laughing as loudly as her little lungs could go. She had a thing for screaming now, which wasn’t good for super soldiers with super hearing. Tony was belly down on the carpet, camera tilted at them, claiming to be taking some kind of creative shot if only Rhodey would cooperate. Rhodey was intensely ignoring him.
So, yeah. Steve could relate to Clint’s predicament. But he still had Tony and Julia, so the past three days they were gone flew by pretty fast. With no Bucky to join in his schemes, no Natasha to reign him in, and no Phil to keep him entertained, Clint was left releasing all his pent up energy, moodiness, and general moroseness on the remaining Tower residents and their guests.
Yeah, this was definitely their kid.
“Hey, doc,” Tony grinned, “You haven’t aged a day.”
(Director Nick Fury gave them really beautiful high-grade baby monitors, which was… kind of to be expected from the man, really. Tony immediately broke them down to check for bugs, to which Steve didn’t really protest. In comparison, Agent Hill gave them a lovely, stress-free baby bathtub.)
“I don’t really know. Maybe their face or their smile?” Bruce smiled sheepishly. “I, uh, back when I was on the run, I had to figure out quickly if people recognized me or if they were sincere or going to be welcoming.”
Bruce scratched his head. “You can’t actually gauge a person’s strength at first glance.”
Thor perked up. “That sounds like a mighty treat, Friend Barnes. I would also want some.”
Natasha raised an eyebrow at Tony. “I’ll give you a pass this time, Tony, considering you’re probably far too sleep-deprived to have thought that comment through.”
“–everyone knows we’re doing monthly family photos. And we’ve already gone with family, or at least the closest ones. I’ve got Pep, Rhodes and Happy and you have Barnes. So now it’s just a question of who’s up next.” Tony shrugged.
Pepper didn’t seem surprised at being called out.
Julia made a face and pursed her lips, letting out a raspberry. Her eyes lit up and she turned to Steve with a huge laugh.
Steve glanced at her, but Natasha just seemed genuinely curious.
“Oh.” Gail looked so surprised, which made Steve feel smug, warm and giddy. They very rarely managed to get one up on the smart lady. She looked confused, unsure even. “Are you… are you sure? But you’re her dads.”
[Image 4: Tony is lying sideways across the table, head propped on a fist. He is wearing sunglasses, a tight black crop top that hid the arc reactor but showed off his abs, and the metal jetboots of the suit. An Iron Man helmet is placed strategically over the crotch area. It’s signed ‘With love, Tony,’ with a red kiss mark. Tony’s lips in the photo looked like a matching shade.]
He was wrapped up as always in a long-sleeved sweater, jeans, and a facemask and beanie. He was also toting two boxes and a paper bag.
“You okay, Pete?” was Pops’ first question, while Da asked, “How’re the webs?”
“Tony, you…” Steve stuttered. The fourth photo appeared on screen and he flushed. Bruce and Phil groaned. Natasha just laughed. “JARVIS, send a message to Colonel Rhodes! Now!”
The sound of repulsors had never sounded sweeter, nor did the sound of metal whizzing through the air when shield and electricity collided, saving Peter.
“I have an idea,” Tony said, so obvious and unconvincing that Steve just sighed and Pepper coughed lightly to hide a giggle. “Why don’t you, Ned, MJ, and Wade go and try out the new VR console before everybody else comes? Perks of being the one to actually design the system is that you get first dibs.”
“But I did,” Tony whispered to Steve fiercely. Steve shushed him.
“Julia’s two months old. It’s time for her shots,” Steve said. Clint made a face. “We’re not looking forward to it either, least of all for her.”
Peter had done most of his shopping and was helping Wade pick gifts from some of the esports players on his team. They were ambling down the block to a museum Wade thought seemed interesting.
Dr. Pius also took no lip from anyone, so Tony couldn’t help but be impressed.
Which his parents very well knew because they were nosy and insufferable.
“Hello, Little Miss. Good morning,” JARVIS greeted, sounding a little soft and warm.
Gail was far too used to Tony’s babbling mouth and tendency to go off topic and simply nodded. “Oh, as in taking a picture of her every month? That sounds like a good idea.”
“She didn’t know how to do that before,” Natasha commented, huffing tiredly. “Good job, Yulia.”
“You really did put confetti in there,” Natasha said, rolling her eyes, though she couldn’t hide her amusement when Tony tossed a handful her way.
He turned away and walked back down the hall.
“Love you too, sap,” Tony grinned.
“Anyway, what I was actually saying, is that the mobile’s quite beautiful,” she said, motioning to the mobile over her head. “The stone is definitely eye-catching. A team effort, you said?”
Tony saw a familiar car pull up outside.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s you, you big baby.” Tony grumbled, flicking DUM-E’s camera lightly.
Tony was smug. His job was to make money and he always pulled it through. Who was crazy now?
Julia giggled and smacked her lips, grabbing hold of Steve’s nose.
“We have an appointment on Wednesday with a very important person,” Tony declared. “And by we, I mean Julia, and by appointment, I mean babysitting, and by VIP, I mean Pepper.”
about what she’s going to do and where she’s going to take
Natasha smirked. “Now
The door to the restaurant let out a tell-talte ring as it was pushed open, and a familiar form walked in, peering around until he spotted Peter near the window.
She was letting her little tongue out and her gaze, unable to focus yet, passed over the three bots peering at her.
“Oh!”
Tony was quiet, busy munching on sandwiches to avoid talking. Steve usually appreciated that method of deflection. Anything that made Tony eat was a plus in his book, but he wasn’t getting away this time.
Phil just raised a judgmental eyebrow at them. “My one hour is up. Here is your child.”
“Fine. You’re such a nag, Stevie.” Bucky inhaled his remaining pancake and then downed a glass of water. “We doing tummy time?”
“Fine then.” Tony sighed. “You can go with SHIELD’s supposed banning, which is not legal or binding anyway–”
“Ooh, the others are so going to be pissed they missed this.” Darcy got down on the floor and started tickling the baby. Baby giggles erupted in the air and Steve watched as Clint swooped down with a cry and ran off to save the baby from the cackling Darcy following behind.
It was a rather overcast Thursday afternoon and the Avengers were having a rare downtime in the communal living room. Steve was on the couch sketching while Tony was curled up with his head on Steve’s lap, reading on his tablet. Juliana was on her favorite blue blanket, sitting between Clint’s legs. She had recently discovered her toes and was either tickling herself or bringing her toes to her mouth. Natasha was taking pictures of them, book forgotten on her lap, and subtly convincing Clint to see if he could fit his toes in his mouth like Juliana. Bucky was snoring up a storm on the other couch. Bruce and Thor, who was back from New Mexico, were in the kitchen making lunch because it was their turn today.
Bucky shrugged. “I stole one back when I was on the run, yeah, but Stevie was the one who kept calling
“I resent that! Take that back, Rogers!” Da protested.
“Tony!” Steve ducked his head, ears flushing. He was glad Julia was with Phil right now.
Peter was in the living room of Stark Tower that afternoon, arm and back wrapped up from minor electrical burns, when JARVIS announced that he had a visitor. He looked up from the second web shooter he had been fixing in the taller kitchen tables. Hunching over on the shorter tables put a bit of strain in his back and shoulder and he really wanted to recover as soon as possible.
Pops perked up. “Ooh, that’ll be exciting.” He finished the rest of his coffee. “A walk through the oldest neighborhood in Athens will no doubt be so inspiring. Did you bring my–”
Tony reached under the couch and pulled out a box. He reached in and threw a handful of paper confetti in the air.
Rhodey waved a hand, giving Phil a slightly apologetic look. “I tried to stop him, but he used a baby against me. I was weak.”
“Brucie, my scintillating, science side piece,” Tony fluttered his eyelashes flirtatiously. “Darling, dearest, sweetums, you know I love you, don’t you?”
“Come on, Tony. Bed time for you,” Steve said. Maybe he should take a nap too. He missed his baby already.
Neither Pepper nor Tony were going to make a speech, which was unusual for any Stark Industries major event, but Tony claimed it was better to let their e-sports team handle it and get the credit. With the way the two were now, so relaxed and laughing and smiling, it was obvious they enjoyed taking a break from being hosts.
“Safe flight,” Tony said.
Tony was torn between being amused and indignant that didn’t even have time to think of a retort before Dr. Pius moved on, rubbing Juliana’s chubby baby legs with the wipes.
Steve patted Bucky’s shoulder. “Breakfast is in fifteen, okay? Don’t be late or else Julia will get fussy.”
As with any mention of being godfather to their child, Bucky ducked his head, fingers of his metal hand twitching, but he couldn’t hide that pleased look from Steve’s sharp eyes.
Tony stuck his tongue out. “I’m really trying not to cry and scream and faint all at the same time here, so cut me some slack.”
Rhodey just rolled his eyes and hauled the genius up with a grin, before wrapping him in a bear hug. For all his pretending, Tony hugged him back just as fiercely.
“I know. Thanks again. See you later.” Steve waved a hand as Phil walked down the hall.
“Nuh-uh, no way.” Wade sidestepped him. “I can see the bandage around your arm and the ones peeking out from your shirt collar. I’ve got this.” He smiled under his glasses and mask. “Kitchen? I bought dessert.” He stepped forward.
Peter grabbed his watch. Another thing about coming from a superhero family, and also having a tech genius for a father, you always had options on hand. He pressed a button for an SOS call, which would most likely go to his parents since they were in the same country, and then tugged at the watch face until it unraveled, revealing the web shooter he had been designing for weeks.
“Shit! Shit!” He ran off, but a ball of electricity hit the ground in front of him, sending him stumbling back hard.
Julia let out a cry and Tony lied down in front of her to distract her, cooing at her and telling her that tummy time sucked but it was good for her and later she could go tummy time on Poppa’s chest because Poppa’s chest was big and broad and warm and good for tummy times.
“See there? See?” Tony poked him on the cheek. “That’s what I mean, watermelon. I mean, you can lie about some things maybe, like in front of SHIELD or when duping bad guys, but about the important things? Like whose turn is it to change Julia’s diapers, or who broke the microwave, or who ate the last of the ice cream, or when you tell me that no, you don’t want to get a blowjob in between SHIELD meetings–”
Natasha punched Tony in the shoulder. (“Ow! Hey! That actually really hurt!”)
Before Tony could protest or let the cloud over his head grow larger, Steve handed her over. Tony immediately held Juliana to his chest, mindful of the arc reactor under his shirt. Juliana immediately nuzzled against him, crying against his neck.
“Not a snag,” Steve said, leaning up to kiss Tony. “Just good taste.”
“I am also free,” Phil commented. Steve was pretty sure he wasn’t, but he was also sure Phil would
It was that memory that actually inspired the whole idea.
. First call I ever made when I was myself,” he grinned, “was to you, birdbrain.”
“None taken, Agent Barton,” JARVIS replied. “I was as surprised as you all.” As if on cue, Juliana turned her head to the side, hearing his voice.
“Wade, good to see you, kid.” Da smiled, standing up to shake Wade’s hand. “Sorry if your guide was worried. Peter saw us and came over.”
Tony grabbed his arm. “Hey, hey, hey! Don’t open that now! I was real careful wrapping it up and I might have confetti in there, you never know!”
Steve chuckled. He shifted Julia to step on his thigh and look over the crook of his elbow out the window and the view below. She immediately started banging on the glass, making ‘ooh’ sounds. A little hologram appeared on the window showing a cartoon Santa Claus and his reindeers dancing, JARVIS’s work no doubt. It made Julia laugh.
It struck Steve again, as it did sometimes, of how much he loved Tony, this man who had offered his heart and home and returned Steve’s awkward affection with such deep trust and warmest regard despite all those before who had tried to beat it out of him. Tony, who grounded Steve and gave him something to look forward to, a family and a future filled with possibilities.
Wade’s blue eyes crinkled, obviously grinning under his facemask. Wade had an accident when he was a kid that took his parents and most of his body. He was scarred all over and usually wore face masks, gloves, long sleeves, and hoodies to hide himself. Like right now he had on a thin, long-sleeved shirt, a beanie, gloves, and a facemask despite the heat.
“People wear either too much stuff or not enough, too colorful or too, what do you call it, emo,” Bucky explained.
“You are so adorable, my chocolate latte,” Tony said, patting Rhodey’s armored arm. “And to answer your question, husband mine, I had to, okay? If I didn’t, Rhodey is going to miss another month, like a heathen.”
Gail was also an easy birth mother. She was calm, confident, and endlessly patient at all the hovering, calling, guarding, and constant visits to her apartment. She only had five conditions – one, that she name the baby; two, that she was not going to move into the Avengers Tower; three, that Tony not spend too much money on the baby or on Gail; four, only the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy and Phil were allowed near her. SHIELD and any other superheroes were not invited. And five, everybody could come to the hospital, but no one was going to come with her inside the delivery room when she gave birth.
“It’s completely uncanny,” Jane said, patting Thor’s head from where it was buried in her lap, his massive arms wrapped around her tiny waist.
Bruce checked the list in between sips of tea. “The first wedding you attended?”
Tony pointed a finger at him, eyes not leaving his tablet. “Your math is atrocious as always, Barton, but I’ll let it pass because it’s also a universal truth: My baby is fucking adorable.”
Steve made a mental note to remind Bucky never to have weapons on him when he was playing with Julia. He knew Bucky was careful, but there was nothing wrong with reminding him. He then made a hand motion towards Clint, who handed the baby over. The archer then grabbed the metal-armed supersoldier and dragged him off to the kitchen.
Pepper snorted.
Peter bounced up to Steve, brandishing the Program. “They’re going to showcase the new Stark VR console! The same one I helped Da design!”
“Don’t worry, Steve,” Phil said, as he, Steve and Natasha handed out the plates. “I made sure Clint cleaned it before handing it over.”
They all pivoted, weapons at ready, when the now familiar sound of the A.I. spoke up from behind the group.
“Sir, would you like me to inform someone of your distress?” Jarvis asked gently.
At least, that’s what the group believed as Steve lifted Tony into a chair that one of their cronies had retrieved. There was a huge hole on the top left of the chair where the bot had managed to hit the back, showing just how close the thing had been to actually hurting the genius.
Carol and T’Challa both seemed to be holding their breath, staring between the two men in the room that both appraised the other with looks of awe and anguish.
“Tony? Is everything okay?”
“Surveillance.”
“Hey Pep? Hey Pep? Is that all you can say to me?” She countered, arms crossing over her chest as she glared daggers at him. Everyone had taken a step back, not wanting to be in the war path of one of Tony’s oldest friends.
Without a word, Steve placed a plate of wrapped cookies and two cups of milk in front of them.
“And we can get cake, so you can eat as much of it as you want!” He continued to attempt to bribe the small child.
The Dora Milaje were waved off as the enraged genius marched forward, “you left them! You fucking left them behind!”
Rogers has changed their positions so that the genius is now completely on top of him. The blond is sitting up in the bed, his legs splayed open so that Tony’s body can rest peacefully between them, with his head resting on the blonde’s lower abdomen. A hand is absently running through Tony’s hair, the other holding a book up to the gentle light of a lamp Tony didn’t notice before. It’s obvious that Steve is caught up in whatever book he’s reading, a custom cover hiding the title from prying eyes.
“Daddy!” The wobbly, crying voice made Tony feel extremely guilty.  It appeared the PTSD that had been subdued was back in full speed with the de-aging, and that meant he would need more therapy… joy.
“Well, they may have the muscle, but we have the brains.” The little boy giggled, pointing a finger at his head. “So why don’t we play into their game?”
The red hue slowly lifted Tony so that the genius floated towards the girl, setting him gently to attention in front of her. His eyes wide in horror at whatever this stranger wanted.
--------------------
“Come on, kid. You’re too quiet; don’t you feel like blowing something up?” Tony grinned.
The group had started to leave them alone after realizing that with her size and lack of powers, there was no way she could harm Tony. And with the genius being so compliant of everyone’s demands and his new life, no one questioned that he would try anything funny. Not anymore.
Focusing on the screen, Tony frowned as he took in the woman that they had come to rescue.
Taking a deep breath, Tony figured that the reason his memory was so fuzzy was due to the debris that had smacked him. But there was no cause to panic when the kid he absolutely adored had gotten away from the former Avengers.
Here's another chapter! I'm having major writers block so I hope you guys don't totally hate this chapter. It is a set-up towards a climax! So... I hope it's not too bad! Thanks for being awesome and sticking around! :)
He had to stop himself from jumping when he heard the door open, the blond stepping through the doorway with a large smile donning his full lips. He had a small plate with what looked like two cookies, although Tony wondered how it could possibly be a surprise since it was such a small amount.
“No, I am not a honeybee. You are not nicknaming me honeybee.” Tony admonished. “I swear if you call me that, I will find a way to make you regret it.”
me?!”
“Then they get hurt, and life moves on. You’re never going to do anything that would take away my love for you Tony.” Edwin brought the genius into his arms, squeezing tight. “I will always love you kid.”
Again, he was taken by surprise. Tony hadn’t expected any sort of praise from a man whom he’d once helped imprison.
“Run protocol S398. If anyone asks what you’re doing, tell them you’re sorting through provisions and taking stock.” Tony was expecting questions from the group if they saw the suits suddenly moving their things into the escape ship, but he hadn’t expected it from Jarvis.
The redhead smiled gently, grabbing a stool from nearby and moving it so that she could sit directly next to Tony at the workbench. Once upon a time there was speculation that the two of them were an item, and while neither had fought the rumors, it was never true. Pepper was too focused on making the business work, and Tony didn’t exactly swing in her direction.
“I finally understand why you wanted a metal suit around you at all times, you attract danger honeybee.” Clint teased, wincing slightly as the nurse pressed too hard on his injury.
“Cheeseburger or hot dog?” Steve inquired from the side, putting together a single plate for the two. The genius was quickly reminded how little the captain knew about him, about his true, tiny traits that only the people he loved would know.
Running his good hand over his face, Tony tried to wake himself without rustling his kid. Unfortunately, Peter was sensitive to the movements and instantly shot awake, sitting up with a cry.
Although, what would they do to the individual if Tony said no?
“Tony, what are you thinking?” Pepper asked after a pause.
The terrible sound of something crunching resounded in an echo, chilling the other men to the bone as Bucky easily crushed the man’s wind pipe. Throwing the body to the side, the Winter Soldier pointed towards the door.
“You can keep him, kiddo.” Tony affirmed.
He’s grateful for the blanket, it makes it easier to hide the fact that his heart is pounding. He’s so caught up in the film he doesn’t protest when Steve reaches forward and maneuvers him so that he’s leaning comfortably against the man’s chest. He doesn’t protest when Bucky tucks his feet into his lap.
He vaguely caught the sound of the two soldiers yelling his name, head pounding from its impact on the ground.
Soon enough, both Tony and Clint were in full hysterics, Thor (whom had appeared without Loki) had started to release his own contagious laughs that had led to Bruce joining in. Natasha’s lip had curled up, an indication of her amusement. And soon enough the only person looking unamused was Bucky, watching as even Steve started to chuckle with the contagious laughter.
When the sun began to set and indicated that they were hours from being separated once again, T’Challa reappeared. He joined them for dinner alongside Carol.
Making his way to the bed, Steve grinned and placed the plate on his lap. “I had to argue for these, but I managed to steal two and run away before they could stop me.”
Both himself and the deadly assassin were still covered in blood. The thought made Tony blanche and immediately he was moved through the room and to the furthest door. Like before, the bathroom was luxurious in a mix of gold and white, but he didn’t have time to look around as Bucky leaned him over the toilet.
Carol Danvers, he realized with a start. Captain Marvel, his companion. She had helped him escape with Jarvis, she had been the reason he got out. Was she alright? Had she been in the warehouse? No, she’d gone with the family… they’d… they’d split up.
“Do they know that you saved me?” He inquired softly, gaze now on the wound so as not to show his raw emotions to T’Challa.
For once, Tony was grateful for the attire that they consistently put him in.
Leaving the clothes on the bed, he ambled to the only other door in the room. The bathroom was small, with a shower, toilet, and sink all squeezed into the space. He could probably hold his arms out and touch wall to wall. A hook with a clean towel hung on the back of the door, and the fluffy blue carpet kept his toes from teaching cold tile.
His sass is amusing, and Bucky doesn’t hide his affectionate laugh as he moves to stand and leave Tony to his work. “Alright, I’ll get the team ready to try them out.”
He knew better than to reply. Instead, Tony threw himself back and watched as they all moved to grab him. His battered suit, powered by JARVIS, threw itself forward and blew, causing enough diversion to let Iron Man take to the sky.
“Right here! You’re going here!” Tony clapped his hand like he had just found the most brilliant secret to have ever been discovered.
Tony laughed, “but that’s not the end of the story!”
“Mr. Stark, you’re finally back!” She grinned wide, a hand moving to a large metallic bracelet on one arm where she pressed a glowing blue button.
The soldier frowned, but then shook his head. He’d never dealt with a genius for a child, and rumor had it the kid was as smart as Tony if not smarter. Chances were that Peter was right where he needed to be, although he would ask Bruce later as the man might have more of an understanding of children’s development.
Startled, Tony started to scramble backwards in fear when a blur of blue and red passed him and knocked right into the Captain.
Dr. Eskrine leaned back, unable to hide his surprise at the sudden hostility. However, after a moment he slumped and sighed, leaning forward as he spoke. “I thought what I was doing was right… I was wrong.” He looked at his clasped hands as he spoke, Wanda and Pietro having taken a seat on the other side of the island. “We all do things we think is right, even if we’re wrong. It’s part of being human. And you, son, are about to do the same thing.”
The man barely registered when fingers pried his hands away from the kid and a solid body lifted him onto their lap on the sofa. Fingers gently making circular motions on his back in a useless effort to calm the hysterical genius down.
Thank you for everything guys! I'm trying to keep up, I swear, life is just... busy. No Endgame spoilers, this will still stay on track.
Finally, Steve turned the handle and opened the doors, leading the way into one of the largest rooms Tony had seen since his own penthouse suite. The room featured floor to ceiling windows, displaying all of New York. They were high up, and if Tony squinted he could barely make out that this was no longer the city he remembered.
“We can figure it out!” Clint argued, finally managing to steal two pieces from the toddler whom was slowly turning redder by the minute.
Immediately Peter’s jaw dropped open, completely flabbergasted by the fact that the soldier had chosen to focus on the least important part of Tony’s words.
Tony was shaking again, unable to stop the whimpers. He raised a tired hand and tried to paw away at the oxygen mask still tightly clasped over his mouth.
“You have to give trust to get it,” Bucky’s voice was right above him. Tony hadn’t expected the man to be the one running his hand through his hair, and startled.
“We couldn’t find him though,” Steve continued.
“Daddy!” The bundle of energy bounced.
“And there’s Stevie with the baby!” Bucky chirped, removing Tony’s attention from a retreating Clint Barton to the car.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Tony threw up a hand. He reached forward, pulling Peter from the wall to hold him to his chest. The motion came naturally, father to adopted son.
“I’m still okay, I’m heading back right now you guys.” He stood, brushing the grass stains from his jeans. “I told him about you guys, he would have wanted to meet you.”
Taking a moment to catch his breath, he plopped himself into the chair across from Carol and leaned forward. His eyes were panicked, thinking on how he was absolutely growing dependent on the two men, and how the affection only left him feeling warm and not sick.
Some of it was updated, others had new upgrades that were completely unnecessary but would likely be deemed “cool” by Clint.
An old trunk sits at the end of the bed, and Tony can only guess that it holds more covers and pillows, if not clothing. Below the flat screen are two small vintage bookshelves, the wood worn from the years of use. Several books (well read from the state of the spines) are put neatly in alphabetical order on the shelves.
With Bucky gone, the other two settled onto each other. The television providing a bit of white noise that Tony didn’t bother paying attention to as his mind traveled to his situation on hand.
The arm that hadn’t been ripped from whomever had grasped it was moved so that it was held out straight, a needle inserted before Tony felt a complete sense of calm fall over him. He made a sound akin to a wounded animal, although the air started to return as the world started to fade.
Mock gasping, the brunette reached for the younger kid and laughed when Peter ducked but ended up sprawling on Shuri’s chair instead, sending both the teen and princess to the floor. He would have been able to keep up the expression too, if Peter hadn’t turned a particular shade of red as he stuttered and tried to disentangle himself from Shuri.
In seconds, the transfer was complete and the remote in Tony’s hand crumbled. For the first time since he had entered the bunker, it was silent of happy voices or remarks from the A.I.
A trunk that had been repurposed as a bench sat at the foot of the bed, a beige cushion making it more comfortable to perch on.
“Tony,” Bucky murmured, “you can’t deny us access to our own child.”
Every wall, every ounce of strength that had pulled Tony through the last few months, every haunting feeling that raised self-doubt and killed his spirit, everything disappeared and grew at the same time. There was a tight feeling in his chest that he hadn’t felt in a long time, a ball that was spiraling round and round.
“So instead of hurting you, they turned you into my tiny little pipsqueak,” he teased, a soft smile finally lifting the corner of his lips as the little boy openly scowled. While the personality of the kid was one hundred percent his teenager, the expression was one hundred percent toddler and it made Tony’s heart thump in warmth.
“He’s not your kid!” Tony howled, stopping in the door frame.
Sure, he woke up worse than before. On top of the weakness of the attack (he didn’t want to face the idea that his heart had tried to give out on him), he was now coughing, shaking, and had a fever that was dangerously high. But, he had his family.
Without the mug the tremors in his hands didn’t go unnoticed, but he soldiered on, knowing that if he didn’t get the words out he may never do it. “You take the kid, you take Rhodey, May, and Happy, and you keep them safe. I…. I’m almost positive that if they get their hands on any of you, they’ll use you against me.”
Tony couldn’t deny that the idea of leaving the soldiers was difficult. He was ready to leave, to go back to a semi-freedom that came without someone hovering over his shoulder. But there was a feeling in the pit of his stomach that also told him what was happening was wrong. Despite everything, a small part wanted nothing more than to cling to Steve and Bucky, and never leave. To be taken care of and never worry about anything.
However, everything went quiet when Peter released a cry of pure agony before no sounds followed. Tony was panting, like he’d run a marathon, body trembling as he tried desperately to catch some sort of affirmation that Peter had gotten away.  That he’d left the communicator behind and run.
The genius only has one moment to breathe before two bots appear in the broken window, scanning the booth for an enemy. Tony releases a breath, but freezes when the machines zero in on him, guns revving up as they’re suddenly swinging forward.
It took a few minutes for Tony to gather himself, a hand held out to stop an obviously worried Bucky from lifting Peter off him, or the two of them off the ground.
“Jarvis likes to leave the drama for Tony to pursue,” Rhodey piped in, having moved closer to the group from the hall.
Both men froze, waiting until Peter once again buried his face further into Bucky’s chest to snore quietly before moving.
“And took away free will,” Tony was quick to point out.
A little more awake, the genius frowned as he managed to push himself up just enough to make out the form of the two super soldiers on either side. Weren’t they supposed to wake him for dinner?
With a shake of his head the genius leaned forward and planted a kiss on the man’s lips, glad for the quick response. At first, the kiss was innocent enough, but the second Tony whined it turned into something more.
Bucky takes a seat next to him, settling down to simply watch Tony eat. He snatches a few of the chips for himself, grinning when he gets another annoyed look from the genius. They had heard of Tony’s habits of disappearing for hours into the labs, and both he and Steve wanted to make sure that the genius was taking his health into consideration.
His fist was trembling, the gift he’d been given unused for so long, he’d almost forgotten about it. Clenching down, he brought it down to his lap and stared ahead for a moment. If using the talent for one night meant getting Carol to go to safety without him, then he’d do it. After all, it wasn’t like he was scared of his own memories… right?
Quickly discarding his clothes and leaving them on the ground (had he been wearing those?) the genius stepped into the shower for the quickest wash of his life. He hadn’t planned on making it so quick, but after having washed his unusually long hair Tony had come to realize that the scar from his leg wound was gone. In fact, almost everything he had gotten since becoming Iron Man had vanished.
“Uh-huh,” a voice humored him gently.
Instead, the child steps forward and hugs Tony around the neck so that his arms can completely encircle him. “You’re not alone this time dad.”
“You have people who love you, rely on you, to be okay. Your current time spent with the two super soldiers isn’t real. They think they love you, and in a weird way, maybe they do. But Tony, love doesn’t mean trapping someone. Love isn’t making someone hurt. Just ask yourself, did I hurt you?”
Sighing, and realizing quickly that he finally understood why Pepper was rolling her eyes at him so many times in the past, Tony stepped forward.
The soldier hums, as if to comfort him, as Bruce starts the process of removing the broken stitches and fixing it up again. Tony doesn’t mind the needles considering how many injuries he’s had to deal with but looking at them seems to make it worse.
Tony powered through his own tears, his grin so wide as he focused his phone on the mother-daughter pair on the bed.
“Yep,” Tony said, grinning. “And it’s so weird that you’re the only one who hasn’t met her in person yet, Point Break. Like, she was pregnant for a few months and then she gave birth… it’s either you’re out of the freaking planet or you’re at New Mexico or Gail’s got her own thing.”
He looked back at Steve and the tiny,
come, I said I
It wasn’t as if Steve hadn’t seen pictures of a younger Tony before. Those kinds of things tend to come up if you’d been together for years, your husband was a celebrity and a superhero with websites and blogs dedicated to photos of him, and when you had incredibly nosy teammates. But these were something else, more personal images that Tony kept close to his chest.
Phil got off, waving a hand. “Take some time to think about it. There’s no rush, and I’m sure you won’t find a shortage of babysitters with the Avengers.” The ‘and myself’ was implied.
“Oh, well if that’s the case, I don’t mind giving Julia some time with her Auntie Pepper,” Steve said.
Peter crossed his arms over his chest. “Stark Industries paid for this trip, so by extension, I should thank Aunty Pep.”
[Image: Bucky is leaning back on the couch, his feet propped up to cage Juliana against his chest. Juliana is on her tummy on top of his chest, her tiny palm on Bucky’s cheek. Bucky’s metal arm is curled protectively under Juliana’s butt and the other is on her back. Juliana is laughing and Bucky is smiling back at her.]
“Now that I think about it, this is DUM-E’s first photo, and his first photo with you,” Steve said. “It makes sense for him to keep it.”
Tony gasped again. “SHE DID!” He stomped his foot in petulance. “I showed her the Iron Man armor last month and she just stared at me! This is not fair!”
“She’s fine, guys, just hungry,” Steve said. He talked to the bots in soothing tones, explaining that what she needed mostly was to sleep and drink a lot to grow big and strong. He then took one small fist gently, so gently, and showed it off as her tiny,
It was only that much respect, fondness and love for Gail that kept Steve and Tony from respectively punching and suing the hospital staff when they reminded them that according to Gail’s wishes, no one was allowed inside the delivery room apart from the medical staff. Not even Bruce, even though Tony insisted he was their baby’s physicist.
“That’s a new development. Hopefully, she doesn’t feel the need to start throwing things,” Tony commented. “Jay, calendar that: First time Julia tossed her bottle after being done with it.”
Steve chuckled. “You only have yourself to blame, dear.”
Wade suddenly flushed behind his mask. “O-Oh, well that’s… yeah, I’m pretty proud of that, er, for both. T-Thanks.” His eyes crinkled behind his glasses and his mask creased in a big smile.
saw those telling smirks on Pops’ and Da’s faces.
There was a pause and Steve immediately turned to his husband. “Tony! You told Rhodey there was an emergency?”
“Me?” Tony asked and he could feel his usual cloud of insecurity starting to form.
Steve kept his gaze on Tony, who was trying not to be cowed. “JARVIS, what photos did Tony–”
“It’ll be fun, for everyone.” Tony batted Steve away. “Right, Brucie bear? No takebacks.”
“…May I see them?”
“Poster-sized, of course, because they were adorable,” Tony nodded.
Some of the items were too big and too advanced for the still-little, still-young Juliana, but most could be used and Tony couldn’t wait until she was old enough to play with all of Uncle Thor’s gifts.
Tony nodded, pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips and then another on the head of the tiny,
“Ugh, you guys are sickening. Thank god your baby’s cute.” Bucky rolled his eyes, stepping forward and swooping in to take Julia in his arms. “Come on, zvonochek. Time for breakfast. Let’s get you away from your gross Dads.”
Rhodey’s sigh was evident through the suit. He looked at Tony then shook his head.
“Oh, Tony.” Steve swooped forward, folding his arms around his husband and pressing a soft kiss to his lips.
“Come on, beastie. Let’s drown those murderous urges in some chocolate, okay? And since you’re our resident baker, you can go save Thor’s soufflé when it does inevitably deflate.”
Julia cooed at the view of the trees and the sky overhead, hands and feet waving and drooling a little. She was in a white dress with flowers embroidered on the bottom and yellow socks with a matching yellow flower headband. She was so adorable and Steve didn’t even bother stopping Tony from taking pictures of her. They were gifts from Sam Wilson, a nice guy from the VA Steve met a few weeks ago.
He chatted with his husband, about plans to take Juliana to visit Gail, about Stark Industries, SHIELD, and when their last day of leave was. Ever since they became fathers, he and Tony had taken a (conditional) paternity leave from SHIELD and the Avengers. Thanks to Phil’s arrangements with Director Fury, SHIELD had been gracious enough to allow Steve as much time off as he wanted and to call on him only for the most extreme emergencies or missions. Stark Industries was flexible enough thanks to Pepper, so Tony also had time off as long as he remained in contact.
“Hush, hush.” Tony rubbed DUM-E’s arm and Butterfingers’ left hydraulic cylinder. “And where did you get that, U? What’s up with that?” He raised an eyebrow at the camera U was pointing right at his face.
“Shower, food, then sleep-slash-movie,” Tony said. “Jay, queue our Disney playlist!”
“Yours is. Pepper has the paperwork for it,” Phil piped up.
“It did take a long time to calm her. I guess the shots really surprised her,” Steve said, checking his phone for messages. “Aww. Damn.”
“Sorry about that.” Peter sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. It felt so warm.
Steve chuckled. “We’ll all love it and Julia will love it whenever you’ll get the picture taken, Darcy. Don’t worry about it.”
Tony made a face despite the grin obviously tugging at his lips. “It’s why he’s always so careful with his stupid phone even though I told him JARVIS saves everything and can transfer stuff to the new one.”
“Felled by two fearsome ladies, tis an honor.” Thor grinned widely. “How about you, Fair Natasha?”
Steve frowned, sitting down beside him on the bed. “What are you talking about? I can so… I mean, people shouldn’t lie, but–”
Julia let out a peal of laughter and Steve couldn’t resist running his fingers along her soft head and curly hair. Julia turned his way, waving a drool-covered fist. Steve let Natasha carry her off though, reminded of Natasha’s telling twitch.
Gail was perfect for them. She was in her mid-twenties, petite, with straight, dark hair and brown eyes, and matched Tony’s brilliance, brightness, and confidence. She was also a health nut. She jogged every morning, did yoga, played volleyball, and even drank the same health smoothie as Steve at that hippie place close to the tower. She didn’t tell them who the father was, only that he was a fling by the name of Noah, but she did manage to provide them basic health records, enough to appease even Bruce, who had been keen to make sure their child wasn’t going to have any medical surprises.
Steve managed to press the Call button on Pepper’s name, before tossing it farther up the bed. He pinned Tony between his legs, but Tony was wiggling around in a way that made Steve suddenly realize this was a bad idea. It seemed Tony had the same thought, because he grinned widely, deliberately slid down Steve’s body and rolled his hips just so.
Thor roared – a controlled roar, mindful of little ears –and immediately swooped Tony up in an embrace and shaking him.
He and Da had always meant to try this out and well, here’s the chance. He only had one so he was going to have to do this left-handed, but thank god for ambidexterity.
Steve winced. Juliana’s disdain for tummy time was well-known around the Tower.
Steve sighed and led his husband to the shower. He really needed to get Julia on a sleep schedule. That was the only way Tony was going to do the same.
Steve knew he and Tony lucked out big time when it came to birth mothers. Gail Antera was beautiful, brilliant, incredibly kind, and doubly patient, which was no mean feat considering how overprotective he and Tony became the moment Gail agreed to allow them to adopt her unborn child. Steve was usually the calmer of the two of them, but even he had almost agreed with Tony when he just about wanted to stash Gail away at the Avengers Tower so she and the baby were safe.
Steve chuckled. “Don’t look at us. We already ironed out the kinks. He’s Dada and I’m Poppa.”
“I feel like I should be offended, but I’m not,” Tony piped up, smiling at Juliana. “You can all eat your hearts out. I’m the one banging Captain America.”
“I did,” Rhodey said. He held up a red document tube. “Tony printed it out for me.”
“Ah. Dearest Gail. Fate has yet to see our paths cross.” Thor sighed. He smiled down at Julia as he fed her, so gentle despite his large, firm stature. Through some odd coincidences, Thor and Gail always had conflicting schedules. No matter how hard Steve tried to set something up, things never worked out and they had never met one another in person.
Rhodey frowned. “Stop being dramatic. I didn’t say I
MJ rolled her eyes, waving her phone. “I’m on it, Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
“Because we know you’d take it the wrong way,” Da spoke up, and because he always had to have the last word, he added, “And besides, we arrived like, a day before you guys did, so by default
Tony didn’t even look up. “Okay. Rhodey and I will keep the munchkin entertained.”
Tony ignored him. “You blush and stutter and then you fold faster than Clint when faced in front of anything bite-sized and edible or Thor when faced with Pop Tarts and Pop Rocks candy, which we all know is as fast as hell. All of which culminates to the point that Pepper wouldn’t want to worry
Steve sighed. “Thanks, Happy. Say thanks to Pepper for us.” He leaned down to kiss Juliana’s head. “Be good, darling. Dada and Poppa miss you already.”
“What’s that?” Gail asked again.
“That’s so good, baby girl!” Steve reached for her, always so proud of whatever his baby did.
[Image 4: Tony, Steve and Julia are dressed in matching red and green sweaters standing in front of their Christmas tree. Tony has Julia in his arms and Steve is holding a mistletoe over their heads as they both place a kiss on their giggling girl’s cheeks.]
And Tony, who was a bit high from a thirty-plus hour work binge – still not done, just taking a break, much to Steve’s chagrin – was the one to notice the words on the magazine cover and have them turn to Page Sixty-Two.
He pretended not to notice the bashfulness that crossed Tony’s face or the way DUM-E patted his creator’s head and how Tony subsequently karate-chopped him. Instead, Steve held up the photo against the hologram of Tony’s seventeen year old family photo. It made his chest ache thinking that compared to his family photo, young Tony looked happier beside DUM-E with the little half-smirk on his face and the bright, mischievous look in his eyes.
Happy smiled, rocking her. “Hey there, pretty girl. What’s wrong? Having a bad day already?”
“She’s fine, boys. She’s probably just a mix of hungry and sleepy,” Steve said as Juliana wiggled in his arms, the bottle’s nipple slipping from her lips as she let out a cry.
Despite Darcy’s enthusiasm though, it was obvious that Clint resolutely remained down in the dumps.
Tony smiled back and reached out to tuck Steve’s blankets around his shoulders. “How about I make us some hot chocolate and we can–”
“Oh, see you around then, Sirs. Have fun.” Wade waved.
“Sleep first, then sex,” Steve stressed.
Steve chuckled, moving over to sit beside Clint and Julia. “It’s Christmas and everyone’s here. It wouldn’t be fair to pick just one. So we decided we’ll have our first ever Christmas family photo for her.”
“Jae definitely seems to love that stone,” Gail muttered, looking up at the mobile again.
“Oh, these?” Da looked too pleased. “No, no, dear. This is fashion. When you have gorgeous legs, you never hide them.” He tutted, waving a rather toned leg around. Pops just laughed.
“He’s going to open that tube in front of the Air Force! What if they see those?” Steve shouted as the third photo appeared.
“Your sketchbook is in my bag,” Da said. “I’ll bring the car around.”
“The Parade is loud, Tony. And there are a lot of people,” Bruce protested weakly.
“U probably just wanted to capture the moment,” Steve said chuckled, watching them fondly as he cradled the bundle to his chest and did that cute side-to-side rocking motion.
“Aww, Tony. I just finished folding those.”
“A monthly what?” Steve asked.
Steve sighed, watching his husband and his best friend and their manic avalanche of words that were secretly saying: ‘I am secretly super happy my best friend is here and I pissed him off so I will keep talking to distract him’. Rhodey was glaring at Tony, but even he knew that look: ‘I am secretly super happy to be here, but my best friend is an ass and I am not going to let him off easy.’
Steve turned to Natasha, motioning with a hand. “They’re going to take a while. Come on.”
“We’re glad you stayed a while,” Steve said, reaching out to take Juliana. She let out a displeased gurgle but was soothed when Steve bounced her gently.
Thor caught the hammer before it could hit Jane and then let his arm flop down, sending the hammer thudding against the carpet.
Two days later, Steve and Juliana knocked on Bucky’s bedroom door. Bucky opened the door, messy-haired, shirtless, barefooted, and grumpy.
Juliana’s mother’s name was Gail Antera. She was a Stark Industries Biotech intern and had been talking to Pepper the day Steve and Tony happened to drop by. Gail was confident, beautiful, and immensely brilliant, and Pepper already had an offer and a recruitment packet ready for her on the last day of her internship. Tony had even readily signed all the forms, already certain he was going to bring her into the fold of his top and trusted scientists once she gained more experience.
Bruce was surprisingly a lot calmer than they expected. He had admitted that Juliana’s cry was really quite disconcerting, but he wasn’t unbothered mainly because the scientific part of his mind understood that babies cried all the time. And since she was already crying, the Other Guy would get antsier leaving her without seeing her calm down.
It was two days before Juliana’s first month in this good old earth when Steve thought about a good theme for Juliana’s baby photos.
Tony had to stifle a too-happy, too-loud, too-giddy laugh against Steve’s neck.
“Yesss,” Tony hiss-whispered. “Tell him, baby girl. Tell him he’s being a… a… a gigglenoodle.”
Juliana’s cries slowly tapered in the face of her new audience. She flailed a little, still red-faced and teary. Happy kept on rocking her and talking to her, and Steve was definitely not exaggerating when all the Avengers let out a collective sigh when Juliana finally quieted in Happy’s arms.
Da placed a hand on Pops’ shoulder. “And here you thought our honeymoon was going to be villain free, snookums.”
“Sure.” Tony was stretched out on the couch, busy with his tablet. He didn’t even look up, probably hadn’t even heard him.
Steve: “Tony, that’s not nice. He’s just trying to figure out which holographs to use.”
“We’ll have to give you a bit of tummy time later, okay?” Tony said, letting their daughter catch his forefinger in one tiny palm and wiping her face with a bib with his other hand. “I know you hate it, but it’s good for your back and neck and sometimes we gotta do what we gotta do, kiddo.”
“You okay, babe?” he asked, smile soft and eyes softer, knowing.
Steve smiled. “Ring them down later, would you JARVIS?”
“–and this is Peter, Mr. Stark-Rogers’ son,” Pepper said, motioning to a flushed and fidgety Peter.
“Go see your friend, Peter. We’re good here,” Pops called out. “Send him up, Jay.”
Wade laughed. “I can imagine having superhero parents constantly hovering over you is definitely cause for talk.”
“That was nice of you,” Steve said, wrapping an arm around him and kissing him gently on the corner of his mouth twice. “You’re sweet.”
Thor turned to Natasha with a frown. “I am familiar with shots as you Midgardians call it during times of altercations and as the case may be with your medicinal needs. However, I did not know this applies to newborns.”
“To- gurk!” Steve almost swallowed his tongue. Okay, bad idea, bad idea. He shouldn’t have. “Tony, stop it!”
Tony scoffed, all shifty-eyed, which Steve knew was a sign of an upcoming deflection if he ever saw one. “Um, I just said that, didn’t I? Is your hearing going? Am I going to have to pull out the old man jokes on y–”
Steve moved, sinking down gently and gracefully onto the couch. He arranged the bundle against his chest, tucking blankets into place. Tony turned back to the bots and gave them a stern look.
War Machine looked around, repulsors primed. “I’m here! What’s the emergency! What do you need?”
Peter saw his Da visibly soften and rolled his eyes at them. He glanced at Wade, who was chuckling, face creasing under his glasses and mask.
Steve remembered that moment. Tony was telling Bruce to serve the turkey and he passed Bruce a large pot. Bruce had been a bit out of it, probably a little high on the good company and conversation as they all were, and was surprised to see a beaming Julia inside the pot. He was so surprised he had laughed.
He walked over and Steve felt just a tad guilty at how hastily he handed his baby over, but he knew Juliana was in good hands. Happy had taken care of Tony for years, especially during his… er, tumultuous bachelorhood, and even Steve could admit that his husband was occasionally more demanding than even a newborn.
…especially since he and Steve now had a real,
with baby Stark-Rogers.”
Peter sighed. His parents might have been following him around, but this was the first time Peter saw them and confronted them. So yeah, they were both pretty well-behaved. And they did seem really engrossed in one another and not on Peter – stress on
Tony didn’t answer at first, glancing at Steve, who looked back.
“If only,” Clint piped up, his smirk a bit bittersweet.
“I’m really sorry about leaving you in Greece.” Peter blurted out.
“And you?” Clint asked Steve. He paused as Tony started snickering in the background. “Nah, never mind. I know what it is.”
“Here’s hoping.” Steve sighed. “She wanted to be there for Julia’s doctor’s appointment too, but she couldn’t make it.”
Juliana turned her head towards them lazily, sucking her bottle peacefully.
Tony had turned to Steve to see his husband already staring back at him.
Tony got his groove soon enough and leaned over to the bags to the side. They brought two, Julia’s diaper bag which was apple green with the letters JJSR stamped on it, and a matching blue one with SGSR on the side. Tony had one in red with the letters TONY in gold. As per their agreement – and to prevent accidents from happening again, because Steve really didn’t want a repeat of Pepper complaining that Tony brought diapers and baby formula to a meeting with an important foreign investor – whoever packed their stuff packed it in their own bags.
“Woah.” Wade was trawling through the takeaway bag. “Your parents are really something, Pete.”
name in technology. And later, after they almost lost New York and Steve and Tony began to build their friendship, Steve started to see that technology was more than just a means to an end to Tony. They called him a futurist for a reason, and while most people would just equate Tony’s tech to his genius, as the product of his mind and were mere inventions… Look at it this way: It was like Tony’s arc reactor. His tech, his inventions, his ideas, they kept him alive, kept him moving forward, kept him believing that there was more to do and that he could do it… even if he had to do it alone. Even without parsing through the minefield that was Tony’s childhood, Steve could understand that fact most especially whenever he looked at DUM-E, Tony’s pride and joy, his first robot baby, his eldest, his favorite, built when he was only seventeen years old and needed a friend more than most.
“How about the R2-D2 one from Rhodey? It has a matching cap, good for when we go outside,” Steve suggested, ruffling around the cabinet and pulling out the items. It had R2-D2’s body on the onesie and its dome head on the cap. He turned back to the phone. “Oh, Tony’s dressing Julia today. Yes, in about an hour. We’re fine, nervous, probably more nervous than Julia.”
It was a low-risk mission, so technically there wasn’t much to worry about. But Steve couldn’t help feeling antsy, and all three of them, Bucky moreso, had bluntly told Steve to stop calling every hour.
On the sixth day of their trip, their last day before they go back to New York tomorrow, the entire thing went sour.
“We want to avoid as much of her crazy episodes as possible.” Tony waved a hand, sleep still clinging around the edges. “Need anything, Pep? Anything wrong with the prototypes?”
Steve just smiled and repeated himself patiently. “I said that for Julia’s first month for her book, we could take a photo of her with her brothers.”
Dr. Pius made a face. “Oh, she definitely didn’t like that. She’s got a powerful cry, even makes me want to kill something, maybe a waffle or a croissant.” He shook his head as he cleaned up.
Steve gave Tony a warning look and waved a hand.
“Pops! Look! Look!”
“My tower, my rules. Take off the hearing aids if you’re so nauseated,” Tony bit back.
“Concentrate,” Tony said again, before turning to his prey. “So Brucie-bear, you good for next week?”
Tony wasn’t sure what words were coming out of his mouth, but it was probably a variation of what Steve was also murmuring.
He smirked at Bruce. “I just invited Brucie bear first so he can’t talk his way out of it.”
“Where did he even get this?” Steve asked, rubbing DUM-E’s pump valve in contrast.
Steve grinned and leaned his temple against Tony’s.
listening in, and it was both hilarious and ridiculously heart-warming listening to Steve explain that the baby was theirs, his and Tony’s and the birth mother’s; no, the birth mother was not going to take the baby away at any point; yes, the baby was going to take up much of their time, but that didn’t mean Tony and Steve loved the bots and JARVIS any less, and they were always welcome to talk to them if they needed anything.
“Jay, take a shot of that smile and send it to the bot nannies, my phone, Steve’s phone, Gail, Pepper, Rhodes,” Tony waved a hand, “Hell, send it to everyone. They need to see how adorable my baby is.”
“See you later, kiddos.” Tony waved at the bots, pleased when they waved back. They immediately crowded towards the charging station, watching the slideshow and videos JARVIS had brought up.
“Yeah, everyone pitched in,” Steve said, pressing another kiss to Julia’s cheek before handing her to her mother. “Here you go, sweetheart. Snug and warm with Mama.”
[Image 9: A group picture of everyone gathered around the dinner table, with three gleaming turkeys in the middle and Julia in her high chair.]
“Yeah. She died about two months after I turned eighteen, the only reason I didn't end up in the system.”
“…which is why Miss Potts and I have a solution.” Phil motioned to the other folder.
“Technically, the family business would be Stark Industries,” Steve answered.
Peter beamed and he and his friends immediately started gushing about the new toy Tony and Peter built.
“Lemme go!” Bucky growled, but was unable to resist the lure of sweets.
“There we go.” Tony strapped the diaper on securely and looked at the options he had pulled out. “Okay, baby girl, what do you want to wear today?” He held up the onesies, one was yellow with a drawing of an acute angle and the words ‘ACUTE BABY,’ and the second was blue with the Tardis POLICE BOX sign and windows on the chest.
Again and again, he slammed his fists against the metal. Tony didn’t even seem to notice that he was bloodying his hands, screaming in desperation that they turn around. Already, all the scenarios of what the men would do to his family were running through his head.
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, subscriptions, and comments! You guys keep me going on this story. This chapter was a little difficult, but I didn't want to leave you guys hanging... I hope you like it!
Two large windows sat right above where he lay, and as Tony sat up he heard the voices floating from the room beyond. He quickly identified them as T’Challa and a female voice he didn’t quite know, although they sounded as if they were familiar with each other.
“Yeah,” he agreed weakly. “I can do that.”
The soldiers had educated themselves with a few classic films, and he was glad that he knew a little bit of the hype that came with the flicks.
Her solid green eyes met Tony’s, a moment of understanding passed between the two. Tony could see that she would not bend to these men, and that she would have the same ending as the men before her. Instantly, seeing someone else in her eyes, the genius twisted so he was facing Rogers. He started to beg, plead.
“You’re too out of shape, you need the exercise.” She quipped in return.
The variety of choices on display are things that Jarvis’ wife used to make him. Things that he used to eat as a kid when he felt ill, or when he needed the comfort that only food could provide. Well, comfort his immediate family would never provide.
They’d gone to a warehouse where T’Challa had helped the mutant leave, and Tony had started to transfer Jarvis to Wakanda with the help of the princess and his kid. They had been cleaning up the warehouse when the former Avengers had attacked. Peter had called him dad.
“A watch? Are you okay?” Carol slipped it on her wrist, watching as it tightened so that it wouldn’t fall off.
After T’Challa had come into the room and spoken, they had all witnessed firsthand just how negatively Tony had been affected from his stay with the soldiers.
“Lunch time!” Bucky calls into the room, walking in carrying two plates. He sets one in front of Bruce before walking over to settle next to Tony, the man not emerging from under the bot.
“Doll! You’re awake!” Bucky exclaims, taking in the huffing genius in the doorway. “And dripping wet, come ‘ere.”
“Easy Tones, we’re not gonna hurt you,” Bucky spoke, arms out as if he was suddenly facing a wild cornered animal.
His hand unconsciously reached forward, wrapping gingerly around the cup and dragging it like a zombie back to his mouth. After taking a sip, his tired brown eyes lifted to meet those of Pepper Potts.
The sound of the water finally stopped, and when Tony settled in the man’s arms from his exhaustion Bucky finally stood. He easily lifted Tony bridal style in his arms, throwing a look at the oxygen tank still attached to the wheelchair as he had a silent conversation with Rogers.
The transfer was already at seventy-five percent, but that didn’t mean that the A.I. wouldn’t lose a part of him if something were to happen at that moment.
“A few of us got a little roughed up,” his friend’s voice admits. “But we’re all okay. But… Jarvis… I’m so sorry Tony.”
“How did it end?” Peter asked, tilting his head as he paused after coming back from depositing another box into the craft.
Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes were dressed in their battle gear. Both figures menacing as they took in each person that was hurrying towards the craft. However, unlike the rest of the group Rhodey turned and activated the suit.
A high tech city appeared before them, lights shining in the distance. Pepper could make out technology that they had only dreamt of creating at Stark Industries. She threw a glance back at the smiling Tony, but found she couldn’t tear her eyes away from the city.
“Hey,” the man held up a hand to stop Tony from talking. “Take it easy, the oxygen mask was a necessity and I don’t want you to have another attack so soon. We’ve kept you under for a good three days.”
Tony didn’t protest as he was lifted into a bed and made to lay against Bucky’s chest as Bruce unwraps the leg, whistling when he sees the wreck it’s become. Without waiting, the genius buries his face as far back as he can so that he’s practically hidden in Bucky’s bicep that’s wrapped around his torso.
“Jarvis,” Carol called, encased in the very armor that Tony had created for her.
Steve growled, shield appearing as if seemingly from nowhere as the music played. The banging on the wall continuing as more suits attacked the building.
Bruce, having worked with Helen for so long outside of being the Hulk, had picked up several good skills. In moments he had finished stitching Tony up and turned to help the nurse they’d called in to take care of the other team members.
“So, you’re the one that’s going to put me out of business one day?” Tony grinned.
In an underground bunker, where darkness was around every corner until Jarvis turned on lights, it meant that ghost stories were strictly out of the question.
Tony felt his fists clench, his stance widening even as his breath started to pick up. He knew that if they both came at him at the same time, he’d go down, but he’d go down swinging.
By the fourth victim, an older man, Tony had started to beg. The man had been convicted of arson, and his crime had left a few victims burnt, but alive. However, in the regime of the soldiers, that didn’t mean anything. Like the men before him, the arson got to feel the savagery of a weapon that was never meant to be on the market. The only sound beyond his screams were those of Tony begging for them to stop.
Before the genius could deny the question, his stomach decided to complain rather loudly. The blush of embarrassment spread all the way from his cheeks to the tip of his toes, and Tony had to withhold a groan as the little boy whimpered from behind him.
Carol had come in, sipping a cup of coffee and looking comfortable with her hair up and sweats. When she’d been thrown a look of surprise from Rhodey, her glare had quickly beat the man’s expression back into something neutral.
Tony spun, ready to give whoever had grabbed him a piece of his mind when his gaze fell on a frightened Peter Parker.
Reaching forward he carefully pulled three visible pieces out, cringing when Peter winced and tried to pull away although he didn’t use his full strength.
His muscles had locked, and all he could do was helplessly watch the screen from the confinement of his blanket.
“You know, give it like, thirteen years and you’re going to be in the same place kid. I’m old,” he murmured.
Rogers grinned, nodding as he thought of all that was to come. “You’re right.”
The machines were attacking them without mercy, trying to tear them apart while others flew overhead to add to the confusion. “Hello, my name is Jarvis. Please desist from going after Mr. Stark.” The machines had repeated several times, even as one by one they were taken down.
“Tony?” Roger’s voice broke the now silent room.
His knees gave out, and Tony found himself falling to the ground in his relief. The room spun for a moment as he tried to focus on the fact that the kid was okay, that nothing had happened to Peter. Not yet.
-----------------------------
“Go home.”
It would be a hinderance, as he was certainly more useful with the ability to use his hands.
He figures that if Carol is behind the cat coming to the mansion, there must be a reason. The woman was intelligent, so she wouldn’t have done something without reason, right?
“Alone?” She inquired softly.
After the escape, they had gathered the heads of their security teams, as well as their two lead technicians, and put them all in one room. In order to keep their own lives, the rest of the security detail had eagerly volunteered to stand guard in the corners of the room. No one making a sound, as if standing like a statue would save them from a fate worse than they could begin to imagine.
The sound of gears shifting and the sunlight that suddenly hit the hallway was enough to tell the man that they were getting off the plane. Rhodey, whom had been absent for the ride, was suddenly heading down the hall with a grimace.
“Temporarily blocked it, at least,” she grinned. “But when they come back, I’m getting out of here.”
Brown eyes flick to the ceiling, secretly glad for the oxygen mask as he’s finally able to catch his breath. He started to think on what he’d seen when he’d been in the corridor. Obviously, they had some sort of security to watch over him. Now whether they’d be shooting at him again or not was another question entirely, and that meant escape was a bit tricky if his guards were trigger happy.
Tony is just glad that the soldier is showing kindness rather than the commanding attitude he’d shown before everything. At least the captain was letting him do things on his own. His mind screamed that it was a ploy, a way to relax him in the situation, but he chose to push it back and follow the man down the stairs and to the backyard.
It was such a revelation, that Tony didn’t protest on the fourth night to the sleeping arrangement. Even after having received a new ‘punishment’ from Bucky earlier on in the day, he found himself taking comfort in the presence of the two men.
“I’m not a child, you know that right?” She inquired.
He didn’t know what he could do, but he had to stop him.
The genius frowned, realizing that she still didn’t understand that he was a danger to her escape, and that she needed to leave him behind. “I can’t be there for you Carol, you have to do it alone. But at least with a little he-“ He was cut off when she raised a hand to his lips and shook her head.
The genius had seemed the most understanding out of all of them.
“You almost gave Peter his own heart attack, don’t do it again.” The voice was soft, spoken from the porch of a house Tony had only seen in his dreams.
He flipped the light switch off so that the room went dark, and curled up on the sofa, bowl of popcorn in his lap. With a grin Tony started looking through several different choices before settling on a playlist of films that Clint had titled “for a rainy day.”
They had been in a warehouse, and he had been joyfully speaking to… someone… when the whole place had gone into a panic. Tony remembered Peter grabbing his hand, the two of them running for the aircraft that was threatening to leave them behind. The genius had tripped, fallen to the ground and gotten hit on the head by debris falling from the building.
The cut, although deep, had stopped bleeding. And while serious, it was obvious that he could hold off on getting it treated until they had at least a small conversation.
Without speaking a word, the soldiers worked in sync to get the genius’ tank, leaving the chair behind as they stepped from the room. Rogers left the weapon behind, barking orders at a soldier nearby before the two men started down the corridor.
“J, please prevent sound from leaving this room.” He waited until the A.I. confirmed the order before continuing, knowing that now the occupants of the bunker couldn’t hear the conversation.
The entire group looked clean, too clean for what they were doing to the world.
Immediately, he turned and found that he couldn’t figure out the emotion swirling in his chest. Was it fear? Joy? A weird mixture of both fought for dominance as the woman approached, her face almost as red as her hair in her rage.
“I got you, sweetheart.” The voice was quiet, the arms pulling him up from the ground strong.
The soldier had caught the man trying to sneak out of the room, taking advantage that Bucky was in the restroom to inspect the door. Quickly, he’d been thrown over the man’s lap like a disobedient child and gotten a rather harsh spanking. And while it was humiliating enough, Bucky hadn’t stopped when the door had opened to admit Natasha.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, truly! I felt like I wrote it a little scrambled, but I'm doing my best. If you're like, what happened that night!? Don't worry, it'll be returning sooner or later.
They calculated that it would take approximately thirty minutes for Jarvis to completely transfer to a new system.
“But, I just wanted-” Peter tried to cut in, but Tony continued.
Loki had been pleased with the development and had been waiting for such an opportunity of revolt to take over. The rebellion had quickly died down with the two God’s present, and both had been left in charge of cleaning up the mess and ruling the area with an iron fist to make sure it didn’t happen again.
“I’m just tired, that’s all.” He met Bucky’s eyes in the mirror, the blue filled with concern even when Tony’s lips lifted fractionally in a smile.
Someone is calling his name, but all Tony can hear are the screams of the victims of his cartoon gun. Fingers are stroking his face, a hand has grabbed his and set it against a chest, reminding him to breathe. When he finally starts to calm down, the first thing Tony sees are the worried blue eyes of Steve Rogers as the man crouches down in front of the wheelchair.
Thank you for the comments and kudos and everything! You guys are actually giving me ideas on where this is going, what questions to answer, and thus forth. That being said, I hope you don't hate me after this one.... Let me know what you think :)
Steve stepped forward, standing next to the soldier as he let his gaze fall on the quivering figure in front of them. “You failed,” it was a statement. “You claimed to be the best at your job, and you failed.”
As the pilot decided to land the plane just to the front of the house, right before the crops started, Tony recognized that whomever they were rescuing was rather thorough about their security. They had set up several surveillance points around the entire property consisting of cameras, in order to be able to see if anyone was coming onto the farm unwelcome.
He had stated that he hadn’t revealed a single thing while in captivity, and that they had tortured him in hopes that he would speak, but Peter hadn’t cracked. Peter had also explained that he had truly thought there was no danger, that the group of former heroes were supposed to have been in Russia. Had it been their enforcement squad going after the teen, he would have easily gotten away.
(See the end of the chapter for
Knowing that he had the strength and mind to get up if needed, Tony allowed himself to relax and fall back into the pillows, turning on his side so he could face Peter with minimum effort.
However, that didn’t matter. No one should have to feel their skin and organs melting from their bodies. It was a horrible way to die, being turned into human soup. It was a slow way to die. Agonizing.
“Anthony Stark, if you ever do something that stupid again, I will find you and kill you myself!” Pepper Potts shrieked, her eyes watering as she glared at the stunned man.
“He’s not your kid, you fucking psychopath!” He repeated.
Tony almost sagged in relief, Rogers was no longer paying attention to the struggling prisoner, it meant perhaps that they would just let it go. He looked up to meet the blue eyes of the insane leader of the team, unable to hide the tears that were quickly surfacing from the high emotions of the tense room.
Trying desperately to dissipate the panic, T’Challa had dropped to one knee in front of the genius and laid a reassuring hand on his knee. It had clearly been the wrong action as Tony had all but whined and pulled himself into a ball on the cushion, shivering terribly and mumbling that he was “sorry” for everything. That he didn’t want to go back.
“You killed him,” was the first thing he managed to say, ignoring the look sent his way when he threw the oxygen mask off of his face.
“What is that?” Peter asked, leaning slightly forward to get a better look at the strange purple veins.
“I’ve got you Tones,” the blond reassured, “I’ve got you.”
Instantly, Bucky stepped into the water and held out his arms, taking the now slightly struggling man into his hold. He didn’t lower Tony into the water immediately, waiting until Steve was in before the two moved together. They only let the water hit up to Tony’s lower chest, speaking gentle reassurances to the man as they washed him.
(See the end of the chapter for
One week.
His fingers started to squeeze into Peter’s clothing, surprised when the teen pulled back to meet his gaze. The brown eyes that reflected Tony’s so beautifully stared right back at him, a mixture of relief and anger crossing the kid’s expression.
It took a second, but suddenly Rhodey was laughing at how pink Peter turned, and Happy had slapped the kid on the back as if to tell him that he were proud that the boy had finally called Tony by his real title.
He felt like the Captain America that Tony had gotten to know before everything went to hell. The one that Howard had been obsessed with, the one that had gained America’s trust and love. It was strange.
With a sigh, Tony finally decided to give in. Unable to fight as the adrenaline completely deserted his body, Tony’s form became a limp noodle.
“And while we have apprehended several dangerous criminals, such as Miss Wanda Maximoff, we will continue to look for others who threaten our peace.” The room turned quiet, Tony found himself leaning forward alongside Peter. The man failed to mention that the woman’s brother had been killed when they had captured her.
But he knew that Carol needed to get away. He just wasn’t quite sure he wanted to go with her.
“My music is my business birdbrain,” he growled.
“Tones,” Steve tried.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been watching the screen, eyes wide and body trembling, unable to move to grab the remote.
For several hours Tony drifted in and out of sleep. He always felt someone nearby, but it seemed that the shock of what he’d witnessed had truly exhausted him.
“Tony,” Edwin smiled. “Tony…”
“Movie daddy! We can watch a movie! I pick!” He ignored the look on Tony’s face of confusion, instead listening to the chuckle that came from the super soldier.
“Take a break doll, you need to eat,” Bucky puts a hand on Tony’s leg, a threat that he’ll pull the man out if he doesn’t appear on his own.
Unlike what he had quickly grown used to, Tony realized that for the first time he was waking up alone. No Bucky wrapping an arm around his waist, no Steve to keep him warm with his bizarre furnace-like heat. It was a weird feeling that he couldn’t begin to acknowledge, but it grew even worse when he realized that he was the only person in the room.
But then again, people liked to gossip, and that usually meant that secrets weren’t a thing in small places. Wouldn’t they have outed the girl to the people who ruled the world?
“Get out Barnes! Now!” Tony repeated.
In fact, the minute they had started to fly over green pasture and crops, Tony had started to make quips about the children of the corn being the most worrisome thing they’d have to look out for. Of course, that had led to Peter making fun of him for watching old films.
The plush carpeting of the room was a soft beige, complimented by a large sapphire rug that covered a huge part of the floor. A bed that could easily fit six people had been set in the middle of the wall to his left, the duvet an off white with patterned silver and azure pillows. Mahogany bed posts that had been obviously carved by hand stretched almost to the ceiling, only hidden by a soft canopy that swayed softly from the air conditioning.
For some reason, dread built in his stomach. Something told Tony not to turn around and face whomever had stepped into the room. But he wasn’t a coward, and with a swift intake of breath to brace himself, he spun in place.
“The itsy-bitsy spider went up the waterspout,” a very familiar voice sung eerily into the com. “Down came the rain and washed the spider out.” And the com went dead.
“Tony, it’s been too long, my friend.”
As if taking pity on Tony’s pale and shaking demeanor, Bucky sat forward on his chair and spoke up. “We didn’t want to hurt him. Like you, he’s spirited and smart. He was hurting himself trying to get to you… we didn’t want to hurt him, but we didn’t want you to lose him again either.”
Tony shoots her a smile, sitting idly in the lab chair as Bruce lingers nearby, in case the genius needs help. Not that he would considering she’s almost half his size.
The sudden surprised shriek from Peter did nothing to calm the genius down, especially when he felt something pinch him right between his neck and shoulder. “Daddy!” The kid screamed, pulling back in horror as Tony realized someone had hit him with some sort of muscle relaxant, body slowly starting to fall apart.
If they could retrieve someone from the rebellion, it was likely they could garner where the group was keeping Tony. Well, at least that was one of their choices when it came to finding the genius.
Tony, snarling and without thought, grabbed the lamp on the nightstand and swung it to hit the man, hoping to somehow just get out of the nightmare he’d found himself in. Instead of making contact, he found the item being used for the momentum the swing had produced.
It had been Steve.
Carol had also observed enough to know that he was likely her only chance at survival in the crazy situation and would make an easy ally.
Silently telling himself not to panic, the genius reminded himself that the only way to get answers was to play by the rules of the other men. He had to be civil to the two psychopaths that loved him, even if it meant falling down the rabbit hole a little bit himself.
When the sound came again, the screeching of metal was closer than before, and they all turned as a unit to stare as the metal door that slide open into the warehouse bended slightly after the noise.
“Stevie’s back!” The other exclaimed.
“I want you to use this tonight,” she ignored how his eyes widened, realizing that she somehow knew about what Wanda had done.
“Star Wars,” Tony grumbled, rolling his eyes. “Why don’t we start on the first one? The Phantom Menace, right?”
“We’re at ninety-eight percent, we can set the transfer to start automatically, if you’d follow me?” She was being polite, which meant that the two teens were likely eager to see his mind at work.
---------------------------------------------------
Peter then proceeded to skid right between Tony’s legs, dodging Sam with a shriek and running at full speed in the opposite direction.
“Where’s Peter?” She asked, seeing how pale the genius had become.
Tony, ever so quick on his feet, had slipped an easy smile and explained that he had “adopted” Carol as one of his own. That when he had taken in Peter, the boy’s nickname had quickly turned into a simple “kid,” and it had been the factor that had truly bonded them. Well, a small part of the reason anyway.
The question seems to go through his eyes, as Barnes pulls back with a nod towards Rogers to explain what the genius is witnessing. “This was your design,” is all he says.
When they landed, it was on the outskirts of a large city that Tony hadn’t visited before. The buildings weren’t skyscrapers, but it still had an equal amount of people walking around so that it would be easier to get lost in the crowd. Carol, after Tony had stepped out of the suit clutching his wounded arm, grabbed onto his shoulder and all but steered him into what looked like an abandoned subway.
When no answer came for his question, Tony sighed and pointed towards the door using an entire hand. “How about I leave you two alone to argue, and I’ll go find Rhodey?”
However, it became inevitable.
The genius had almost snapped at the man to bring over the whole box but refrained as he wasn’t sure how the man would react to his growing annoyance.
Oh... and who would make Tony Stark a mission? I mean... seriously..... ;)
“You’re really cute when you sleep,” Steve admitted in a gentle whisper. “And you needed the rest, now hush, you’re going to wake Peter.”
I wanted to keep writing a little more.
“Then I guess you’re out of luck until he shares the rest,” Tony quipped. “Where is he anyway? I’m assuming the cooking disaster didn’t burn down the house since I’m still in it.”
While there was some tension in the room, it was broken when Peter accidentally let out a large belch and was promptly smacked upside the head by May. Tony had started laughing to the point that tears streamed down his face, and the rest of the room had found the situation hilarious too.
He didn’t know how he felt about it.
“Run the protocol,” he repeated.
Maybe it was the fact that he had gone so long without having something go wrong, that he just imagined there was no other way?
I honestly don't know what to say... don't kill me?
Wanda smiles, and the bullet paints the room in her blood as she collapses to the floor.
“Bye,” she mumbles gently, just as she spins in place and lashes out at the group trying to get in. Tony is sent flying across the room in what looks like a violent attack, but only slams into the bed and headboard. It hurts, but it doesn’t become any lasting injury.
Bucky, still dripping with water beside them, settled his hand on Tony’s shoulder to gently nudge him from what could quickly turn into a panic attack.
Carol, like Pepper, brought him back to earth.
“Please, I don’t want to hurt anyone,” Tony pleads.
It was time to start playing their game, and Tony was ashamed at how grateful he was that Peter would be along for the ride.
showed me so many snuff films that even fake blood gives me nightmares! But you didn't
As soon as he hit the slanted metal ramp, the oncoming group trampled past him. T’Challa stopping to grab his shoulder and stop Tony from running right into the fight without a weapon.
“Who shot him?” Three words, but the sudden tension in the corridor could have been cut with a knife.
He leans down so he’s eye level with Tony, taking the man’s face in both hands so that brown eyes can no longer look at the blond across the room.
“So what film are we watching?” Steve inquired, relaxing on Tony’s other side. It was the first time the man realized that instead of taking the other open areas, the two men had quickly taken the opportunity to crowd him and the little boy.
Clint and Sam also started to come into his room, and Tony quickly realized that if Bucky or Steve weren’t with him, one or two of the other team members would take their place. He was never quite alone and had barely convinced the group to at least let him use the restroom without them. Unfortunately, Steve and Bucky still supervised showers, although they weren’t as involved as they had been the first time.
When the little boy nodded again, the blond soldier leaned back where he sat, Bucky leaning against the bedpost nearby. “Peter, did what happened to your daddy scare you?”
The genius immediately pulled back, frowning as he gazed at the three people in the kitchen. “All of you?”
That night, everything begun to rearrange itself.
Tony squeezed his hand into a fist, reminded of Wanda and her warning that he should try to grow closer to the group. To find their weakness. He was their last hope? Tony glanced up at Steve who was retrieving a wheelchair from the corner of the room.
Expecting to be chained to the bed, it comes as a surprise when his sluggish arm raises to touch the mask on his face. Slowly, so as not to aggravate anything further, Tony manages to sit up and glance around the new room.
I'm the slowest writer in history, but I won't abandon the story, I swear! This chapter is a little shorter than the rest, but I wanted to add it so that you also know that it's still coming (I don't like doing author notes as chapters). I'm hoping my writer's block doesn't continue so I can write faster, but please be aware that I do have a plan and it will come into fruition.
However, before anyone could make a move, before fists could start to fly, a small voice screamed from the second floor.
Throwing the kid an amused smile, Tony turned to glance back at the other screens and frowned when he caught a few of the crops looking like they were moving. That was definitively not the wind, but no person could be seen actually moving the things.
“Jarvis, any updates?” The A.I. had remained quite until that point, quickly replying that the Avengers had not announced their capture of Peter, and that no one had seen or heard of the child.
Trying to voice a protest, Tony had to hide back a scowl at the whine that sounded from his throat instead.
“Look, let’s not talk about that right now.” Tony finally managed, wheezing only slightly. “What do I have to do to get Peter back you son of a bitch?”
“I may have to reinsert some of these, but you’re mostly in the clear.” He pointed towards Tony’s wrist, making sure the man could see it before explaining. “We had to wrap this up, you tore it up and we had to stitch it closed. It’ll get better soon enough, but you can’t move it too much.”
Temper finally rising, Tony had given him a tongue lashing. The food tray having gone flying across the room as the man attempted to get off the bed and away from the super soldier. He hadn’t been prepared for Steve to lunge.
When the archer immediately agreed to the terms, he found a weight lifted as Peter’s childish glare faded.
It looked like everyone had scattered, the food cleaned up so that by the time they reached the kitchen only Steve and Sam were in the room. They’d spent enough time in the bathroom that the sun was starting to set, casting the room into different shades of pink.
“No sweetie,” Steve corrected gently. “That’s a cat.”
Tony’s brows furrow as he watched the blond move, nodding again to the person he can safely say was behind him, just out of view.  However, knowing that someone was nearby did not stop the fact that he wanted to freak out the moment a hand settled on his shoulder. The only thing that kept the genius from having another panic attack was the small child whom curled closer as if sensing his distress.
Bucky hummed again, “I just want to wrap you up in bubble wrap doll, you’re prone to danger.”
Was this how he was going to regret what he had done? Were they finally going to kill him?
He groaned, hearing Rogers reassure him that he could sleep, that it would all be over soon and that Tony would be safe.
“Tony or dad, you can’t call me anything else kiddo,” he groaned.
His voice was dry, and it was hard not to start coughing as the question came out. “Let’s eat some soup and then we can talk about her,” Rogers was quick to reply.
When Pepper came into the room, Tony threw the communicator on the bed, barely keeping the IV from ripping out of his arm. He was still panting as he ordered Jarvis to make the video call.
Tony holds up a hand, stopping the words. “Not now… I can’t… focus on that right now.” His smile is a little stiff, but he leans forward and places a gentle kiss on the boy’s temple.
“How long have I been out?” He asked.
Steve leaned forward so that he was partially covering the genius with his body, tongue seeking out Tony’s as he completely took over the action.
“Home,” Wanda shrugged, leading the way up to the white painted door and not bothering to knock.
-------------------------------------------
He doesn’t see the dark smile that lifts the corner of Tony’s lips, one hand clenched in a fist.
“Mississippi,” the blond answered, heading out of the room to their weapons depot, the one’s Tony hadn’t had access to.  “We’ve got another superhuman to catch.”
The backup generator finally turned on, the red lights installed to indicate that something was wrong giving the air a creepy glow.
“You see, I don’t want to hurt you Tony, neither of us do.” Steve started up again. “But we still need to show you that there are consequences to your childish actions. If you don’t let us take care of you, then how are we going to keep our promise?”
Right?
Captain America narrowed his eyes, before he finally gave a terse nod. “Find him, and soon. If you don’t… well…” He didn’t finish, smiling darkly when the man gave a scared shriek when Natasha’s hand landed on his shoulder.
“Soldiers on the right! Soldiers on the right!” The words were screamed by Peter after he slammed his hand onto the com.
Life is a little hectic at the moment, biggest event of the year at work means stress galore... plus KH3 came out, and I learned to crochet and am currently making Avengers dolls... starting with Iron Man... so yep. But I will not be giving up on this story, so please stay with me. I will try to get the chapters out as often as I can, but I also want to make sure I'm not writing something that doesn't feel right. (I rewrote this chapter about five times).
He’s so caught in trying to figure out what the name of the painting is that he doesn’t see the door by the television open, doesn’t notice as the two men step into the room. Not until one of them clears his throat to alert him of their presence.
Steve, while not completely inept, was absolutely someone that was driving the genius towards the edge. The captain had tried valiantly to be helpful, running back and forth from the toolbox and Tony like a puppy retrieving for its owner.
In what appeared to be a caring motion, Bucky reached forward and scooped both up without a second’s hesitation while Steve pulled back the covers to arrange them over the pair when they were set down.
“My cat,” Peter shrugged again, although the smile on his face told Tony he was holding onto information he didn’t want to share quiet yet. However, when the kid nodded towards the door, the genius turned.
Wanda is crying, he realizes with a start.
It was Tony’s willing participation that had them feeling comfortable leaving him alone in his room that day. There was news of another uprising, and the entire team was required to help handle the group of rowdy citizens.
Tony looked between the two, and instead of focusing on the medicine or the tray that was still covered, releasing a gentle warmth into his lap that he appreciated, he asked. “The girl?”
The team was furious.
Moving up as much as Bucky would let him, Tony turned to the archer with a brow raised. He would never admit that he was pouting. “Did you just call me honeybee?”
The hand from earlier sneaked under his shirt once more, but the human contact was the comfort Tony needed as he allowed the man’s fingers to gently brush over his skin in a reassuring pattern. He explained that the other two men had committed similar crimes in which people had ended up dying, even if the information hadn’t gotten out to the press. One had been a child molester that had gotten away with his crimes for years.
