Except it was too loud to have been his stomach.
Sam shifted under her gaze uncomfortably before he realized she was waiting for him to introduce himself and his brother. She raised a single perfect eyebrow at him and he blushed and quickly looked away. “My name is Samuel-Sam, Winchester and this is my brother, Dean”.
Jody  dropped to her seat, staring at the spot where Crowley had been. She began to wonder if those bodies had been returned or if Crowley was too preoccupied to make good on his threat.
The maid wrung her hands “No, Sir Gabriel. Her Ladyship left no word as to what you are expected to do. I was only to tell Sir Castiel to meet her in the library and to take our guests to their room. Perhaps you might find amusement in the garden? I understand Joshua and Miss Missouri are trying to remove articles of clothing from the trees. Including a rather large pair of britches”.
"You've reached Sheriff Jody Mills, of the Sioux Falls police department. I can't..." Claire let out a strangled cry and threw the phone against the wall.
“Okay. So, why not attack the house? Why just the livestock?” asked Gabriel.
it's old Hebrew for "password"".
"Ugh! I don't need to know the details! I just ...is it just sex or are you guys like a couple?"
" Yes. We did.Same thing. No answer" said Jody.
"What happened?" He asked. His voice sounded weird. Raspy. Like he swallowed shards of glass. Felt like it too.
" That's my boy" Alistair was gloating as he ran a hand over Dean's trembling torso. "I remember. You like it nice and slow. You love the build just before", he looked up at Dean as he finished the sentence," the climax". He pushed his hand into the cut he just made and Deans body jerked with pain.  Alistair then licked the blood from his fingers and gave a sigh of satisfaction. " Let's see how long it takes to get you to scream".
"Yet here we are, still stuck in them!" Dean kicked his door and a trickle of rock dust fell but the door held firmly in place. "Stop giving me your
Donna was unusually quiet as Jody drove them back towards town. She had her forehead pressed against the cool glass of the passenger window and stared blankly into the darkness.
I hope you're enjoying the story thus far!  With a little help from a friend, Dean is going to be up and about soon! ;)
Apparently it was.
Both began scanning the fields and woods for any sign of somewhere they could hide from the impending storm. Hail began to pelt down on them and the horses were now straining against their tethers. The wind screamed around them. As a tree bent, Dean glimpsed a rooftop just beyond it. “There!” he yelled at Sam and without hesitation, Sam turned the wagon towards an overgrown path and the horses raced down it at a breakneck speed.
"Don't flatter yourself," said Dean while trying to remain calm. " I only came to get my brother and the angel"
Reluctantly they had agreed. Sam had a bad feeling about it but kept his apprehensions to himself.
Jody was glad Alex was staying with Donna. She was certain her friend would be more than happy to have the company and both knew how to protect themselves.
The front door was left open and the wind and snow continued to swirl through the opening, making Dean shiver in its wake. Despite this, he managed to lit his chin and square his shoulders in defiance. He did not like this man, not one little bit, beside him he could feel Sam mimicking his stance.
"Cas has to be down here somewhere" Dean said, still panting heavily. "You go check out this one and I'll get the next one up".
"I gotta find Dean and the girls. You going to be okay?"
Dean scoffed while Sam shook his head, both brothers disgusted by the man’s reaction to the death of one of his oldest and most loyal servants.
Jody took a half step closer to him. " We don't know. I tried doing the angel/prayer thing that you do but he didn't answer. "
" So, you're saying Dean had astroprojected himself into this secret lair of Alastair's?"said Claire in confusion.
He shook his head hard. That was not a mental image he wanted kicking around in his brain!
“No,” dismissed Gabriel.“It has a hole in the roof and most of the windows are without shutters. You said they needed shelter from the sun this one is too exposed,” Gabriel elaborated when he caught the annoyed expression on Dean’s face.
" Sorry, Red, he's mine" said Alastair. Pushing Rowena through the portal which closed instantly around her.
"Hey! Watch it, Hasslehoff!"
The door swung open and there stood Castiel holding a candle, his hair was mussed as if he had been running his fingers through it, and his shirt unbuttoned enough for Dean to see his collar bone. “Dean?”
Dean blinked back his own tears. "Seven" he said after a long pause. He only glanced up at her before focusing on pulling a loose string on the blanket.
"Of course you don't," sighed Sam, "I meant...not that I have any objection, I think it's great! I just...when did you guys start..."his voice trailing off as he faltered trying to find the words. Why was his brain not working? Fuck. He was too tired to deal with this.
" Yes, hello, Dean. Now if you're done with pleasantries get your ass over here! I canna hold this open much longer!"
Gabriel caught Claire before she fell and zapped them into Sam's room. He laid her down on the bed and carefully tucked her in before he disappeared with a flap of wings.
"There is no coffee" announced Cas coming into the room holding the empty coffee pot, a frown upon his face. He was wearing an uncharacteristic combination of jeans and one of Deans old Zeppelin shirts. His feet were bare and his hair was mussed like he had bed head or...Sam felt his eyes widen as he put two and two together.
Once inside, they closed the door and barred it shut. Sam put the lantern down and disappeared into the darkness. Dean pulled his gun and did a quick sweep while Sam began to line the outside of the horse stalls with salt. When he was certain there was nothing inside the barn besides the horses, Dean pulled out the envelope and held it close to the lantern light.
"So?"
" Shut up, you jerk!" Sam exclaims.
“I’ll go get my sword,” said Dean.
He turned around to look at the shivering forms of Castiel and Gabriel. Part of him wished he could have left them back at the manor house with Dean but he had no idea how many could be inside and he knew it would be too big a job for him to do on his own.
“Thirteen? I’ve only seen six!” exclaimed Sam in dismay.
“Dean?” panted Sam.
" Well geez, Jody. No need to bite a girl's head off."
Sam ignored the accusation and made one of his own; "Yeah, well maybe if you hadn't antagonised them we could have ..."
" Geeze, you kiss your momma with that mouth, Mills?"Donna mumbled as her brown eyes fluttered open.
" Alex, you're sure nothing followed you back from the hospital?" asked Claire as she bit her thumb nail. Her gaze flicked down at the tattered and bloody rag that had been Dean's shirt then back up to watch Alex as she treated his broken ulna.
As Dean leaned against a tree he briefly noted how it looked kinda pretty and that Sam would have liked it. He wondered if his nerdy little brother was still in the library or had moved to the all night diner down the road. His stomach rumbled, reminding him that he hadn't eaten all day. He was so going to order two bacon cheeseburgers and fries once they were done.
"So, where is it?" Jody asked through gritted teeth.
He felt like he was trapped in a silent world of his own. Part of him wished that Dean was outside with him. Every shadow was making him jump as he could swear that it was the large vampire from the barn, the one who killed Pamela, the one which nearly killed his brother and him too...
Someone said " Hospital" and he protested against it.
“Okay,” said Gabriel as he got to his feet. “Now that we know where they are, now what?”
" Dean!"
Soon his examination was complete. Dean had possibly cracked a couple of his ribs, his tailbone was most certainly bruised and his right leg had been broken in a couple of places. It would be months before he would be well enough to travel if he survived his infection that was currently raging through his battered body.
" You have no idea what you're up against! You thought Alistair was bad?! He's wearing kid gloves in comparison to what Oberon has planned for you!" The demon coughed and then chuckled "Little Sammy is already at his mercy! You're all gonna burn alive after he rips your intestines out and shoves them down your throat!"
"Snap out of it, Sherif! Dean needs our help and he needs it now!" The petite red head turned on her heel and walked over to Dean. She ran her hands over his body without touching him. Her face getting more grim as she went. "He's gone back! Damn him and his bloody numpty giant of a brother too!"
“Yes, I was just looking for clues as to who or what had done it when I heard a noise over this way and well...” Sam trailed off as he felt the heat rise in his cheeks.
Jody gave the Desk Sergeant a nod but didn't stop for the usual quick chat. She didn't want to keep the Fire Marshal waiting. With hurried strides she made her way to her office, ignoring the sudden silence as she moved through the small bull pen.
Dean dropped and closed his eyes , meanwhile the fairy looked around in confusion before running towards Sam. The whole corridor shook and then another bright white light erupted from Sam's cell.
" What no witty quip, Dean?" Alistair asked as he ran the knife along Dean's cheekbone . He watched as the hunter's jaw clenched but he didn't flinch. His bright green eyes were boring holes into him. He dragged the knife along the other cheek bone. Watching in fascination as Dean's lip twitched in  barely contained rage. He drank it in, almost giddy from Dean's pain.
" Now, where were we ?" Alastair smiled as he started towards Dean.
Sam stared at the last bottle of beer in the otherwise empty fridge. It was the third time he opened the door in the past five minutes. He doesn't know why he expects food to somehow magically appear. Closing the door again he turned to look at the bare pantry shelves and sighed heavily.
There was no reply to his knock. Frowning he tried again, this time he rapped a little louder. Still no answer. Shaking his head he cracked the door open and peered inside. Both brothers were sprawled out on the beds, clearly, exhaustion had taken over the younger brother. The eldest shifted and Cas could see in the light a shimmer of sweat on his pale brow.
"No," said Gabriel earning another bitch face from Jody. "But I will show you." He clapped his hands before rubbing them together "Lets go!"
"Breakfast of champions" replied Sam giving Dean a salute with the bottle before taking a sip. He winced as the two flavours collided and Dean laughed. It was not a good combination. "Shut-up, jerk".
The coffee had worn off and the tiredness which it had kept at bay was starting to creep back in. Jody cracked the window so the cold air would wake her up and turned the radio up.
The rope burned through his already damaged skin as it suddenly snapped them back up and then swung them against the side of the house hard. Screaming in pain as his broken arm took the brunt of the impact Dean dropped Claire.
“Yeah, sure. Whatever you say, big guy...” Gabriel said less convincingly “I just want to go get Joshua and...”
Smoke was curling out of one of the many chimney's and Dean couldn’t help but think of Poe’s The Fall of the House of Usher..it was derelict in appearance and a great lake seemed to stretch out on either side of the back of the impressive structure.
Grabbing the glass he drank deeply, quickly finishing it he immediately wished he had more. He felt like he hadn't eaten or drank anything in days.
" You were too busy with that faggot at the diner, weren't you?! I saw how you looked at him when we first got here. " spat John as he socked Dean in the stomach with a quick succession of jabs; " You're a worthless piece of shit!"  He threw Dean across the room like a rag doll. " You look at a man like that again and I'll kill you. You hear me, boy? I will end your pathetic life"
“That has to be the one,” said Dean “It has enough space for at least eight of them and it’s the furthest from the main house..”
“Fiance.” stated the dark-haired man while cutting Meg off. “What happened to your brother?”
" Oh. That explains the itch then" said Dean trying to make light of the discovery. " I'm getting cold. Think we could ah finish ?"
Sam’s chin jutted upwards. “All the more reason for us to stay and make sure they are protected! If any are tracking us they will come straight here, whether we stay for one night or a month. We have to stay. We put these people in danger just by stopping here”.
This a short  but necessary chapter.
“You got an eyeful of my brother’s fiance being a little too friendly with the help?” Gabriel grinned widely and Sam couldn’t help but smile back at him.
Claire's head snapped up to see Gabriel standing in the doorway. "Shut up and help him!"she demanded.
Claire put the safety back on and shoved her gun into the back of her jeans. Hooking her arms under Deans she struggled to drag him back into the bedroom. "You gotta stop eating cheeseburgers old man", she whined "God ,you're so fucking heavy!".
His fingers tugged and ripped at Cas’ clothes. They both nipped and caressed treating it like a battle as they fought for domination over one another. Dean reached down and stroked Cas’s very hard cock, eliciting a sweet moan before releasing one of his own as Cas returned the gesture as he reclaimed his top position over Dean.
Both Dean and Claire rolled their eyes.
“What?” sniffed Sam thinking Dean was about to slug him.
The hand print was still pinky in colour. She didn't know what she expected it to look like but it wasn't this. It was like he'd been branded. She felt Dean's gaze and quickly looked away and grabbed the shirt, just like the pants, she gathered the material up and popped the neck hole over his head. Then she saw it. The burn mark that went across his anti possession  tattoo. It was healed but obviously new.
“My name is Dean Winchester, this is my brother Samuel. We were given shelter when a tornado struck some weeks back. I was injured and Miss Masters was kind enough to grant us stay until my injuries are healed. Sam here has been helping Joshua with the livestock and I...”
Dean crossed back over to the table and looked down to where his brother was pointing and then quickly looked up at him again. “No”
“No, sir. It could not have been.” Sam shook his head.
" Donna" began the woman but Donna cut her off.
Slowly she moved closer and offered him a box of tissues. To her surprise he grabbed her and hugged her waist, his head mashed against her mid drift. "It's okay. I got you." She mumbled while awkwardly petting the top of his head. " You're safe Dean". She just kept repeating herself over and over while Dean clung to her. His sobbing shook both of them.
"Well, how do
"Ah, Dean. I didn't think I'd be seeing you again so soon. " Alistairs voice sent chills down Dean's spine. " Just couldn't stay away could ya?"
The demon was now nose to nose with her. It twisted her wrist forcing her to drop her knife. "Where is he?" It demanded. Claire glared back at it.
" God, you're pitiful" Claire exclaims while rolling her eyes. "Here". She hands him the beer that Dean hadn't, up to this point, noticed in her hand.
" Clothes. Unless you want to sneak out in your hospital gown? I'm sure Donna would love a glimpse of your ass."
Another thump at the door moved the chair a couple of inches. " We don't have time for this! Fuck. Don't kill me for trying to save your stupid ass!" She hesitated before slapping him. He didn't react. She tried again but he remained unconscious.
The angel clapped his hands, making Claire jump. "Right! So, our cauldron is special for two reasons, firstly it can create a never ending all you can eat buffet. Which comes in handy if crops are poor or you have more guests for dinner than expected. And secondly, it can bring the dead back to life. If you're engaged in war that cauldron becomes a mighty weapon. A never ending army and the means to sustain them".
" When..." he swallowed the pills and took a sip of water from the glass that was still sitting on the night stand from earlier. Clearing his throat he started again "When did I break my arm?" He asked looking up at her in confusion.
Dean pushed the lump in his own throat down even as the guilt washed over him. Jessica Moore was Sam’s fiance but she had been killed in the same massacre that had killed their father. Dean didn’t want to think about that, so he did what he did best and ignored it to focus on the mission at hand.
“What?” said Sam in confusion “I meant that they are likely to get into a disagreement or trouble of some kind, or both...what do you mean by “attentions”?”
" Yeah, well them's the breaks, Al" as he spoke Dean searched for an escape route.
“Dean...we are three days away from Uncle Bobby’s”, Sam explained. “You are in no condition to be fighting right now and we need to rest up and figure out a plan of attack.”
Claire immediately turned him onto his side watching as more bloody froth spilled out onto his pillow. "Don't you dare die on me! You hear me Hasselhoff?"
Claire shook her head and grabbed the rope. Dragging it back in she looked at Dean. "I'm not leaving you here! Sit up!"
"Somebody needs anger management classes," Gabriel whistled. "What was that about?"
" Here" she handed him a couple of pain meds that Alex had given her " Alex says they're the good stuff."
The truck came barrelling down the street and swerved to a halt on the lawn.Dean watched as Alex flung the  drivers side door open and stood on the rocker panel; gun already in hand and took aim.
“Crap,” the brothers said simultaneously and exchanged a knowing look.
Using both hands Dean held onto Cas’s arm that was pinning him against the wall. “Cas- you know I could not have done this! Think! You said Joshua has only been dead for a few hours...that whatever killed him was different than what killed the pigs!” He sighed when the man squinted his eyes at him but said nothing, so Dean continued to explain “If it was a vampire that killed the pigs... and bit me...then how could I have also killed Joshua? You said yourself it was something different!”
Dean kept eye contact with Alistair but didn't say a word, just curled his lip in defiance. He bit back the scream as Alistair cut open his shirt and then his skin.
done! I guess those long legs of yours come in handy for something!”
" Oh my! That's adorable! You almost sounded like him!" Rowena laughed in delight and bent down to root around in her bag.
Dean took a moment to drink and get his bearings. He wasn't 15. He was in his ..he was older. The woman was watching him like a hawk. He knew her but couldn't recall her name or how he knew her. She wasn't a threat though. He knew that much.
" No! Dad had nothing to do with it!" Dean jumped up and walked away from Sam. Fear clawed at his insides. " It doesn't matter! I'm fine! We're fine. I got the room paid for another couple of days". He ran his fingers through his hair, pushing the memory of the motel managers meaty hands and bad body odor from his mind.
There was a high pitched whine, the walls and windows shook and they could hear the shingles being ripped off the roof. Dishes fell from the cupboards and smashed onto the floor. Furniture shifted while books and pictures flew off the shelves.Then the roof itself was torn open and twisting tendrils of smoke poured in.
“We found Charlie in a crypt...” suggested Gabriel but Sam and Dean both shook their heads at him.
"I'm getting too old for this shit" he thought to himself. Pain was shooting up and down his spine and he was pretty sure that he might have cracked a few ribs. His head throbbed. He wiggled his toes and checked his arms and hands. Nothing seemed broken.
" It is! I knew it was you! Poking around where you shouldn't be, it's a bad habit of yours  Dean".
Dean watched as the twister ate tree after tree then sent them hurtling through the air. Lightning struck a nearby oak and it caught fire. Dean felt like his heart had leaped into his throat. Then he looked towards the front and he saw an old stone manor house looming ahead of them.
There was no doubt about it. Dean had been brutally raped. Alex and Claire exchanged looks of outrage and sadness.
When she pulled away she gave him a pat on the cheek and spoke directly into his ear. "Nothing's free handsome. Time to pay for your drinks"; she nudged him forward to another set of waiting arms.
Dean tossed and turned. He could not seem to quiet his brain. There were just too many thoughts racing through it. Part of him was giddy- He kissed Cas! More importantly, Cas kissed him back! The other part of him was on edge with worry. He did not want Sam doing a solo patrol this night. There was something off...he knew it in his bones that the vampires had found them and were only teasing them by killing the livestock off slowly. A kind of warning maybe?
Sam frowned, recognizing the expression of self-blame on his older brother’s face. “Dean, I could not say if it was or not in all honesty. It moved too fast for me to see what it was!”
Gently as he could manage Sam set Dean down on the faded olive velvet cushions. As he straightened up he took note of the shabbiness of the curtains and the peeling wallpaper. Though despite its obvious age the wood floors gleamed and there was no sign of dirt or dust on any surface.
" Dean, we tried ALL his phones."
The light flickered and went out. " Ha! Take that you bastard!" Jody scrambled over to Donna. Gently she shook Donna's shoulder while saying her name." C'mon! Wake up damn it!"
" What's up?" Claire asked while watching Jody shove the salt into her coat pocket. Neither one of them acknowledged the other's red rimmed eyes or tear streaked cheeks.
" Deputy! It's been a long night. Give me the report" pressed Donna.
The next thing Dean knew they were wrapped around one another. Just like earlier the kiss was all passion and demands. Every inch of him felt like it was on fire as Cas trailed kisses down his neck. Dean needed to feel skin-on-skin contact. He growled in impatience and reversed their positions.
Crowley jumped to his feet. " WHAT?"
"Enough!" Cas exclaimed in frustration. "Nobody is going to bite or blow anyone!"
If they had been alone Dean would have kissed Cas breathless. The resolute look on his face was sexy and Dean could feel his cock twitch in his pants as he looked at him. Then he reminded himself that there was a dead man not six feet from where he was standing. That killed his lust pretty quickly. “Not much, if we could figure out where they are hiding on the property we could maybe take them by surprise and clear them out in one fell swoop...”
“Where is what?” asked Dean stepping closer to the clearly distressed maid.
"Ow!"  He growled and shook his head. Turning with murderous intentions.Then he looked up to see Claire's pale terrified face staring at him. All the rage  drained out of him and all Dean felt now was pure exhaustion. "Sorry" he mumbled and left to go to his room.
"Seriously?" huffed Claire, "To make the world less shitty". Gabriel's expression told her he wasn't buying it. Clenching her hands into fists , Claire explained further, "I need to ensure what happened to me doesn't happen to someone else!"  Claire stood up and began pacing "Angels sure as fuck don't care. Chuck? Chuck is just a dead beat dad who refuses to take responsibility! So, that leaves those of us who know monsters are real to protect those who don't! If that means some kid doesn't have to grow up before it should or a parent gets to go home to their family in one piece instead of a box? I'd call that pretty damn important!"
Sam only laughed and continued to clean himself while Dean got out to dry himself off and to fetch some clean breeches.
" No. Don't touch me," she protested while she threw her hands up in front of herself trying to keep the angel at bay.
“Thank you Charlotte,” said Castiel and without a backward glance left the room.
“Yeah” nodded Sam enthusiastically. “Look here on the South West corner of the property”.
"I said you promised to show me how to create an electronic mail address" repeated Cas, his gravelly voice strained.
She rushed over to the window and dropped the rope . It stopped a mere five feet from the ground. Deciding it was better than jumping she turned to check on Dean.
" Liar" Dean stated. His fingers gently curled around her wrist again. His green eyes full of regret and sympathy "I'm sorry that happened to you. You didn't deserve that, Claire. It's no wonder you hate me and Cas."
She was expecting an angry outburst but instead of the lovely purple from before, his whole face drained of colour. Utter terror replacing the smug expression. She was reminded of Gabriel's reaction from the day before.
The next few days were tense at the manor. What started out as a simple snowfall quickly turned into a full-on storm. The Winchesters stuck to their room when they weren’t helping with the chores. Neither wished to bump into the unpleasant visage of Fergus McLeod.
Donna calls out and starts to give chase. The light however manages to just be out of reach every time she nearly catches up.
Sam stood, his own annoyance clearly showing on his face. “Why not? We have no home! As far as the army knows, we were both killed back in Lawrence during the massacre! Think about it, Dean? No having to scrounge up a meal, no vampires, or ghosts or werewolves, just a warm safe place to lay our heads at night?!”
"Sucks to be him" shrugged Gabriel unsympatheticly.
An attractive woman with kind eyes looked at him with concern on her face. "I was hoping you could tell me", she said while passing him a bottle of water.
Claire provides Dean a shoulder to lean on and a glimpse into her past that makes them comprehend just how much they share in common.
"She's part of my family. Tell me how to get her back or I will shoot you" Jody let go of the tree branch and lifted her gun.
“Shut up Gabriel,” said the brothers in unison which made Castiel chuckle. Before Gabriel could say anything more Charlie appeared in the doorway announcing lunch was served.
“Well, that was not exactly the rousing speech of encouragement I was expecting of you Samuel. I must say I am disappointed.” Gabriel shook his head.
The sound of the approaching guards reminded him that he needed to move quickly. Groaning he gingerly got back up onto his feet. He really didn't want to try the stairs again. That left him only one option.
"We need to talk. Privately," said Gabriel " I need you to tell me what happened in the park and with Alistair".
" What?" said Dean but Cas was gone.
"I am an angel you ass".
"Yeah, okay." Dean nodded. He bent down to remove the pen knife he kept hidden in his boot. Luckily for him the fairies hadn't found it when they searched them. "Ready?"
The hair on the back of his neck stood up and Sam turned quickly. Out of the corner of his eye, he swore he saw a figure disappear into the hedges that lined the pathway to the lake. Shivering in the cool morning air Sam, grabbed the closest weapon he could find and slowly made his way down the path.
Claire turned around, crossed her arms and glared at the angel as she interrupted him with a resounding "No".
Crowley gave her a smirk, "Oh, but you can, Sheriff", he leaned forward, his hazel eyes filled with malice "You see, I cleared those bodies from your house before the authorities found them. Be quite the scandal if anyone were to find out that there was eight bodies riddled with bullets from not one but both of your adopted daughters guns. Especially, during an election year".
Donna locates the Impala and searches it for clues only to find more questions.
" Doesn't matter" she shrugged. "It's not important. I'm here with Jody now. With Alex. I'm fine"
Then she heard it again. This time she could see a shivering silver light between the trees just ahead. She ran. When she finally reached it she came to an abrupt stop.
"Sorta?"
The demon paused, noting the way Dean was trembling and using the door frame to hold himself up, his face covered in sweat from the effort. A wide malicious grin spread across it's face. "Alistair sends his regards".
" They're Claire's," Alex said helpfully, "She bought them online." She only grinned wider when Claire glared at her.
“OR, I could help you study? Sam will be out for a while yet and I can not sleep until he is safe inside again..”Dean felt a blush creep up his face to the tips of his ears as the other man stared at him with those
Dean let out a growl, his eyes filled with rage. " Son of a bitch. Gonna rip his lungs out," he croaked.
The kindling had just caught when Castiel and Gabriel entered the room. Dean trailed in behind them. His face stoic. Cas waved Sam away and began examining the young woman, his frown deepening as he barked orders for Gabriel to get him some hot water in order to clean her head wound.
Dean was shaken out of his shock when he heard them talking about him. He needed to do something or else he was as good as dead...He began laughing.
"That's a loaded question" said Jody wryly as she put the bag she was carrying down on the floor. " Short version? You have a major concussion, a pair of black eyes- as in bruised not demon, broken ribs seven through to ten as well as some muscle bruising ,and too many lacerations to ryhme off. You're lucky to be alive!"
"Claire? What the hell? You sound like a drunk muppet. Just let him do it," Alex demanded in exasperation. Dean scoffed at the comparison earning a delighted grin from Alex. Catching the look on Claire's face though,he decided to try and assure her that it was okay to let Gabriel touch her.
Joshua?” Meg stated in disbelief.
“Out of the two of us, I am the best hunter! You know I am! Hell, I killed one of those sons of bitches with one hand tied behind my back! Literally! Remember back in Lawrence?”
The deep rumble of his voice was comforting and thrilling all at the same time. " Dean" Cas replied while awkwardly patting Dean on the back.
" What's.."
It struck her again, this time splitting her lip open.  Claire just gave him a bloody smile and quipped "Aww, hit a nerve hunh? I bet you're a real momma's boy" she wheezed the last bit out as the demon started choking her.She grasped at it's hands trying to break it's grip.
He was back on the rack in Hell. Alistair was skinning him alive. Unimaginable pain was baring down on him. He passed out only to be cruelly brought back by the snapping of his bones. Then the demon was groping him. Pointed tongue lapping and biting at his wounds, down over his hip bone and then...
" I was eleven the first time it happened to me." She stated flatly while smoothing the cloth across his brow. "Just after my grandma died and I was put in foster care. He was a sick bastard. He liked to..." She took a deep breath, aware of Dean's sudden laser focus on her face, "He would set up a camera and tape what he did...what he made me do..." She swallowed "And then make me watch it with him and some of the other kids that lived there."
"Screw you. I totally can," said Dean making Sam throw another bitch face his way.
Dean remained perfectly still. " You're right. I am scared."
In fact, the whole reason he and Gabriel were at Crossroads Manor in the first place was for Cas and Meg to get to know one another before their impending nuptials and for Gabriel to have a closer look at the estate's financial situation. The absence of Meg’s Uncle was concerning but Cas was certain that the man would return soon enough from whatever rock he probably drank himself under.
Dean and Claire finally get Gabriel to explain what's been going on.
" Stop! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"begged Sam. " I'm sorry, Dean! I won't ask any more!"
, I could never hope to think up such an original name as that”, Sam said, his face deadpan as he teased his brother. “Why you are a regular Shakespeare ain’t ya?.”
The sound of a gun cocking had the witch looking up. Claire had her pistol aimed at Rowena's head. " I'm not joking, bitch. This gun is loaded with witch killing bullets and I will cap your ass. Understood?" Her lip curled up as she held the gun steady.
"Shit" , she exclaimed fighting the urge to run and put it out. There was a soft whooshing noise and flames raced up the wall and along the ceiling. She turned to run back into the room but bounced off of a solid form.
“Whoa!” exclaimed Sam as he tried to cross to Cas but Gabriel pulled his Remington and Sam tossed his hands up in submission instead.”No! Neither one of us are a friggin’ vampire!”
Castiel took a deep breath before he lightly knocked on the bedroom door of the mysterious brothers. There was something about them that he couldn't quite put his finger on. They were hiding something and he was determined to find out what it was, no matter the consequences.
" Hunh. That's disappointing"
Trigger warning pertaining to psychological and physical child abuse  as well as the use of slur words for LGBTTQQIAAP. Adult sexual assault/non con sex.
Charlie shook her head. “Sir Gabriel enjoys being tricked as it does not happen very often. I imagine he will be both immensely pleased and annoyed in equal measure. I must attend to Miss Missouri and dinner. Should you need anything there is a bell pull between the beds. Just give it a tug and I will be up here as quick as I can be”.
“So, what can we do to stop them?”
“No? Then why did Tommy boy here back off as soon as he told him to?” Dean argued, hoping the noise would wake Sam up.
"That's the million dollar question, baby cakes. Only Dean-o can answer that" Gabriel nodded at Dean. Dean just shrugged.
"Xander ain’t the boss of us!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What about you? Why have you not taken on the task of securing your family status here?” asked Sam curiously.
Dean was about to tell Alistair to go fuck himself but the demon stuck the knife in his chest and dragged it downwards, splitting him open from sternum to pubic bone.  He didn't bother to hide the pain. His scream echoed in the vast emptiness.
Dean wrenched himself out of Cas’s vice-like grip. “You would accuse me of being crazy if I told you the truth”.
Dean slumped back down. He was too damn tired to chase after her to apologise. Just another incident to add to his long list of things he's fucked up. He'd find a way to make up for it later.
Dean couldn't answer. He didn't want to look at her. At anyone.  All he could feel was the demons hands on him. He puked again.
Part of Dean wants to tell him. To tell him everything. He opens his mouth but nothing comes out. He can't tell him. Dean can't tell him and ruin what innocence Sam has left. Christ, the kid still believed in the Easter Bunny!
He barely managed to grab some air before the current plunged him under again. This time he was slammed against a rock. His already injured ribs broke upon impact. Dean screamed in pain.
That night Dean finally beat Cas at a game of chess and he was in the middle of a victory speech when he spotted Pamela staring at him from the front window.
A knock on the truck window made both women jump. On the other side was a young officer with a shinny new penny look that marked him as a rookie. Jody rolled down her window.
"It's Old Irish," Sam snapped back. "Now be quiet so I can concentrate!"
“Well what else could it be?” demanded Dean in irritation while running his hands through his hair. He had been stupid to think that something like this wouldn’t happen. They needed to start warding the house...he should have done that sooner...
“Dean”
“And what did Miss Barns have to say?” asked Dean raising his eyebrow. “Please tell me, he is her father and not her husband because he is way too old for that pretty little thing to be stuck with.”
Castiel cocked his head to the side and Gabriel shook his head.
Claire bit her lip. " I don't know" she answered truthfully. "I wasn't here when it happened".
Instinct had him bringing the bow up as he turned to block a sword blow from the fairy he had shot. His whole body screamed in agony from the impact. Pushing through the pain Dean grabbed the arrow that was still lodged in the fairy's shoulder and ripped it out, and he followed up with a kick to it's knee, the bone shattering from Dean's steel toed boots, it screamed as it fell to the ground.
“You think the vampires followed you” stated Cas as he narrowed his eyes at the brothers, who had the sense to look admonished.
“What in bloody hell is going on here?” roared the man.
“Our orders are to leave him be. Father wishes to punish him, himself” replied not Mouse.
Sweat beaded on Rowena's forehead as she repeated the chant for the seventh time.  Her eyes trained on Dean's face.
"One of what?" The man asked coyly.  " Tsk tsk, blondie. I wouldn't do that if I were you". The man turned his head to look at her. Pinning her with his gaze.Donna drew her hand back, her brown eyes wide with fear.
Sam rewarded Dean with a half-smile “Yeah, well someone had to pick up your slack”.
The maid chatted with him as they ascended, she was surprisingly intelligent given her station and Sam found her charming. As they spoke Sam became giddy when he discovered that they both shared a fondness for the works of Lydia Sigourney and Edgar Allan Poe. Though Dean did read, he was not the type to sit and discuss literary works and it was something that Sam dearly loved to do.
Startled he grabbed his cane and hobbled outside as fast as he could manage but she was gone by the time he got out onto the front step. The most disturbing part however was that there was no step under the front window...which was a good seven feet above the ground. Which meant, not even Sam could look into the window let alone be seen from the waist up.
"I don't think we should split up Dean" Sam shook his head in disagreement.
“Shh” hissed Sam.
The skin on his knuckles split and began to bleed. He couldn't stop. He needed to feel the pain. It made him feel
"Fine".
“Good. Now that we know Charlie will be okay, there is something I need to tell both of you”, Dean began, his fists clenching at his sides nervously. “There is no easy way to say this and when I am finished you may think I am nine kinds of crazy...”
“...and that’s how my Jesse managed to tame ol’ Thaddeus. Do you know that son of a gun turned out to be my best breeder? Churned out more than a dozen good strong bulls each spring for five years!‘Course that was before Jesse went and got himself hitched to that pistol in there,” he gestured at Pamela with his thumb. “Thaddeus was killed last winter, same as my Jesse. She found ‘em both out in the field along with a few of the heifers. Wouldn’t let me see. Had the Johnson’s boy help her dispose of everything. Never known the likes of a woman such as her! Still saddens me that she and Jesse never got the chance to do some breeding of their own.” He stared off into the flames sadly, the brothers glanced at one another, unsure of what to say.
"Your girl should have aimed better" it sneered at him." Hey boys! Who wants to play with the Winchester piñata?
Panting, Dean grabbed the sword and tried to catch his breath only to be hit from behind. Cursing, Dean rolled over and got back to his feet quickly facing his opponent. The first guard swung at him again, this time with his sword.
" Exactly!"said Rowena. "How the boy did it I canna tell you."
“What does she mean by “I know what you and your brother are?””, demanded Sam.
The hunt they had been on was supposed to be just a routine vamp kill. A milk run; but it had turned into a two week long shit storm instead that ended badly for everyone involved. Including the eight year old the vamps had used as bait for the hunters.
"Just a sec. Damn rock isn't sharp enough" replied Sam in annoyance.
Besides, it's pronounced like
"Oh stop! I'm blushing like a fledgling!" Gabriel flirted. "As much fun as this has been I need to get Dean home in time for dinner. Check ya later!" With an eyebrow wiggle Gabriel and Dean's astral form disappeared.
“Dean, how did you get those wounds on your neck?” asked Cas. “Do not say it was debris from the tornado”
Castiel then proceeded to remove an empty syringe. He glanced up at Sam, his face stoic. “You mentioned before that the blood of a dead man was like poison to these creatures?”
Green eyes stared pleadingly into blue ones. Finally, Cas nodded and released Dean before turning to look at Sam. “So, it was vampires that killed the pigs...the chickens and the dog too?”
Alex hissed at her and this time it was Claire who giggled.
“Quit hogging the soap!” said Sam as he splashed Dean in the face.
"Ogham (OH-am) is an ancient alphabet used to write Old Irish and other Brythonic/Brittonic languages (such as Pictish, Welsh) from about the 3rd century CE. The Ogham alphabet is sometimes called the 'Celtic Tree Alphabet' as each letter is assigned a tree or plant name"
Vaguely he could hear Cas asking if he was alright but Dean could not speak. Unease settled into his stomach like a heavyweight and Dean knew that something bad was going to happen that night. “I ah need to talk to Sam,” was all he could manage to say.
“Yes, I need some clean towels, a bowl of hot water, and my medic bag, please Charlie.” Cas rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment, as he could feel himself blushing. These were the thoughts he was supposed to lock away. He was engaged for heaven’s sake. Engaged to a woman, who was bright, beautiful, and from a good family. By tying his name with hers he would be able to gain the same respect for his family.
Donna shook her head "I'm fine. You go do your adulting and I'll do mine" said Donna. This time her smile reached her eyes.
“Vampires?” repeated Gabriel with a mirthless chuckle, “Yeah...sure...Vampires took a bite out of you and then decided they would prefer some liquid bacon instead”.
Instead of the anger she expected, Dean pled with her. "Please Jody. I can't relax until I know Sam and Cas are safe".
" Hey, chucklehead!"
"Take that as a no. What about you, blondie? Wanna play?" He wiggled his eyebrows. Donna shook her head at him. The man sighed. " You two are even lamer than my brother and the Losechesters!"
Thank you for reading! I am hoping to get the next chapter done by this weekend.  Very excited about it!
“Tommy!”
Once inside the relative shelter of the sty, the men stared quietly. Gabriel had removed the sow from Joshua’s lap and had tried laying him on the ground but due to the weather, the corpse was frozen stiff into the seated position. Gabriel tried once more to straighten Joshua’s legs out but to no avail. He let out an anguished cry of
"Shit!"thought Claire. If Alex started crying so would she and she wouldn't be able to stop.She couldn't handle a break down. Not when Jody was counting on her and Dean needed her."Yeah, well some how you've managed to look even more pale than usual; Morticia!"
“So, what? A werewolf?” Dean hissed.
Squinting at the bright lights Dean raised his fists and blindly swung. His fist came in contact with something. There was a cry but he wasn't sure who it was. His head was screaming in agony.
Gabriel stepped forward and  placed two fingers on Dean's forehead. All signs of his injuries were gone faster than the blink of an eye. Alex gasped in amazement.
A chorus of laughter erupts and Donna holds her gun up and turns slowly looking for the source.   Starting to back up she startles herself by hitting a solid wall.
Cas frowned down at her and then his frown deepened when he noticed that Dean’s face paled at the woman’s words. “Dean?”
“Yes, little brother?” grinned Gabriel as he noticed that Sam was blushing and looking rather flustered from his attention.
" Nowhere you'll ever find it", smirked Dean. He had no clue what cauldron everyone was talking about but if Alistair wanted it, it couldn't be a good thing.
The silver light formed a circle around Donna's prone body. It was pulsating and every now and then a thread of silver would break from the others and attach itself to Donna making her twitch and jerk about as if being shocked by low voltage electricity.
Sam shook his head and closed the drawer. “Will you not get into trouble for tricking him?”
“We can not say with certainty if it is the
Sam had been feeding the pigs when he heard the distressed cry of Missouri. Dropping the pail of slops he ran to find her standing over the exsanguinated body of their pet hound dog. He knew there was little chance that anything was still about but Sam quickly scanned the grounds but could see nothing.
free her?!"
"You want to know if Dean is my boyfriend?" Cas spoke slowly, as if puzzling out what exactly Sam was driving at.
Dean felt all the anger drain out of him and  guilt took it's place. He pulled Sam into a fierce hug. Clearing his throat, he apologised to Sam.
After a few imaginary tours with her favourite bands Jody pulled up to the station. She wasn't ready to assess the damages to her home quite yet. Taking a few deep breaths and rolling her shoulders back she exited her truck and headed inside.
“We can not say” replied Sam, relieved to see Gabriel put his gun back into his hip holster.
Donna shook her head; switching into her Sheriff role and sliding out of Jody's truck at the same time."Any casualties," she asked as she walked towards her property.
Running his hands over his face Dean grinned. He knew he could always count on Sam when it came to this sort of thing. "Let me guess- Open Sesame!"
“Well?” asked Dean, noticing that the young woman was still staring at them. She gave him a warm smile and Dean beamed at her and boldly added a wink, pleased when he saw her return it with a wink of her own before disappearing inside.
Suddenly the light disappears and Donna realises, too late, that she is deep in the woods and has no idea which direction to take in order to get back to her truck.
" We all need some rest", Alex corrected her and wisely stifled her laughter at Claire's inability to sound threatening because of her injury. She had almost lost it when Claire said "I don lick hicks wiv dings".
"Not on my A-game. Sue me." Dean snaps then takes a swig of the beer. The cold liquid soothes his throat and he has to stop himself from chugging it down in one gulp. He sets the bottle on the stand next to the empty glass and proceeds to open the bottle of aspirin and shakes a few pills out. He downs them with another mouthful of beer. Claire's uncharacteristic silence was beggining to un-nerve him. "What?"he asks looking up at her.
Claire rooted through the first aid kit that was sitting on the night stand and tossed the box across the bed which Alex caught effortlessly. The two worked silently for several minutes, cleaning and bandaging Dean's wounds. Passing the peroxide and gauze back and forth wordlessly.
“We thought it best to keep him separate from his brother,” said a reedy voice.
It made him feel in
“We best get her back to the house and have Castiel look her over” suggested Gabriel.
"Demons burned down my house," Jody said slowly, her voice devoid of emotion. It didn't seem real.
Bad guys 1, Winchesters 0.
Tommy was pulled back by the smallest boy, who also had red hair. The middle-sized one had dark hair but all three shared similar facial features and Dean realized that he was looking at a set of brothers...His stomach rolled as he thought about Josiah’s words about the Johnson’s losing all their boys.
"Winchester!" It spit the word out with enough hatred to send a shiver of fear through Claire.
Rowena rolled her eyes. " Fairies".
The room was a lot bigger than he had expected and was grateful for it. The decor was dated and worn but looked clean. He tossed his duffle onto his bed and took his laptop out along with his phone charger.
Desperate she looked around for something she could use to break the circle. Off to her left she spotted a broken branch of mountain ash . Holstering her gun she grabbed it.
“Nonsense”, said Gabriel “We have had very little by way of entertainment as of late and something tells me that you are very entertaining Samuel Winchester”.
"Fairies? Seriously?" Jody scoffed.
"I think I figured it out!" replied Sam.
" Aye, dearie! An' so much more. Including vengeful. So watch yer step or you'll live to regret it!" Rowena's eyes glowed purple and her power crackled like electricity, making Claire take a step back.  "Now, go get Aunty Rowena's bag from the parlour like a good poppet"
" Keep him safe. That's all you had to do! One lousy job!" As John spoke he punched Dean in the stomach, making him double over in pain. He pulled Dean back up by his hair. The smell of whiskey made Dean gag.
After the bumpy start Gabriel was able to relay the news that Alistair was after a very powerful magical object called The Dagda's Cauldron.
Both stopped and turned to look at him. " Where the hell is Sam?"
The room came roaring back into focus. Jody was standing a few steps back from him. The left side of her face was rapidly swelling and was an angry red.
“Fine”
"Same as Sam," replied Jody. " We're looking. Or rather Claire's looking for Cas while Donna looks for Sam."
“Fine”
Taking one last swing Claire shouted back. "Coming!" She grabbed the pants off the dresser and made her way back to Jody's bedroom, stopping at the linen closet along the way to get clean sheets. The throbing pain in her hands helped to steady her.
Bile rose in her throat but she pushed it back down. Furiously she wiped away her tears. That was enough for now. Once everyone was safe she would let go completley. For now though she needed to figure out what the hell happened at the falls.
" Bull shit!" Her face flushes red in anger. " I know you're lying! "
" Who?"
Claire had jumped up, knife in her hand ready to swing at whatever was attacking. She lowered it as soon as she saw Dean's wide terrified eyes. "Hey. Dean? You're ah...you're okay. You're safe." She tried to sound calm but her voice shook. She wished Jody was there. Jody would have been able to soothe him with her mom voice. She folded the knife and put it back in her pocket.
He was stretched out like a starfish, the blankets kicked onto the floor. His back was arching and there was blood pooling beneath him. More blood was trickling from his mouth and there were pieces of flesh hanging off of his face. The cuts so deep she could see his cheek bones.
"Nope" said Gabriel once again dropping one memory for another.
"Back the way you just came from."
Gabriel just shook his head in
"So, you're telling me that fairies are actually fallen angels?!" Dean asked  incredulously his forkful of bacon forgotton "What the hell?"
Gabriel came around the corner and saw the two of them and with a shake of his head muttered “Just kiss already!” before heading down the stairs.
Adrenaline pumping Dean knocked the bow and arrow aside and slammed his elbow into the fairy's mid section. As the fairy doubled over he grabbed the weapon from it's grasp. Turning he aimed and let loose the arrow.The arrow hit the second fairy in the shoulder with enough impact that it twirled around before falling to the ground. Still holding the bow Dean made a run for it.
" Don't sweat it, Hasselhoff." She said softly. "I ah...I get it. So, no apologies needed".
"We still got seven hours to go. I need you sharp. Last time we tangled with fairies we barely managed a win. So, quit being you and grab some sleep all right?"
All Dean could see were the persons(?) teeth giving him a wolfish grin. A hand was cupping his ass and he was being steered somewhere. He wanted to knock the hand away but he was pretty sure it was the only thing keeping him from staggering all over the place.
His green eyes were blinking and he began coughing from the smoke. "What?" He looked up at her in confusion.
"Of course!" exclaimed Donna, who was relieved to know she wouldn't be left alone. " Stay as long as you need".
The sound of breaking glass startled her. Taking her knife out she moved towards the open doorway.
" Did you try his.." began Dean only to have Donna cut him off.
Before Sam could intervene something struck him in the back of the head and he fell forward into unconsciousness.
that barely covered the sob that escaped his throat.
"For heaven's sake Mike quit dressing it up and spit it out." She wasn't mad at Mike. She would have used the same tactic if the situation were reversed.
Sighing, Sam pulled his collar up and waited as Castiel helped Dean to dress. By the time they caught up to the other two, Fergus was already heading back indoors out of the squall.
"Alex!" Claire turned back to the room searching for her phone. Tripping over Dean in the process. As she lay on the floor between the bed and Jody's closet she spotted it glowing in the dark recess beneath the bed. She had to stretch her arm to reach it but she managed to curl her fingers around the case and draw it towards herself.
" Duh" replied Gabriel. "Took you long enough!"
"His majesty Oberon, King of the fae demands the return of the
"Sorta" answered Sam as he used the chalk rock he found to write the next character down.
As he walked his thoughts drifted to Pamela and he couldn’t help but wonder what she meant by her letter. Had she figured out that he and Sam were deserters from the Union Army? Was she going to turn them in? How was he supposed to explain to her that they left one war to fight another? That devils and monsters were real and it was most likely a vampire that killed her recently departed husband?
Dean opened his mouth to ask a question but he had no voice. He tried screaming and again nothing came out. Claire looked at him in alarm when she noticed his panicked expression.
"That's just a phrase Antoine Galland made up for his French translation of
The sound of squealing tires followed by the growl of a diesel engine announced the arrival of a truck before Dean could even see it.
Dean blinked against the sudden orange glow. In the distance, he could hear Sam yelling and a crackling sound accompanied by the horses whinnying. Pam’s face swam before his and he reached out to touch her but then darkness fell heavily upon him again.
“Who the hell are you two and why are you in my house?”
Dean blinked against the darkness. He couldn’t tell how long he had been out, only that it was not for long as the kid was still on the front step of the Barnes homestead. Wincing he sat up. As the world spun around him he noticed that there were two more small figures joining the first. Black spots were dancing and his head hurt so damn much that it was having trouble focusing...
" That's an understatement" said Rowena with a smirk.
" Freakin' angels", muttered Dean affectionately as he left the bunker without so much as a glance at Sam. As soon as the door shut Sam found the ability to speak again.
"The Fellowship of the Ring- do you want a book report too? Or is that good enough Professor?"demanded Dean.
Jody gave the witch a withering look before heading up to her bedroom. From the open doorway she could see Claire standing at the end of the bed looking terrified. " Claire,what's the matter?"
" It's okay Dean. You're safe. I'm here" Jody helped him up and held his hand as he lay back down and didn't let go until his body stopped trembling and he was sleeping once more.
"Fairy. Are you a fairy?" demanded Jody angrily. She was so tired of this kind of shit.
“Missouri! No!” cried Sam as he whirled to keep the woman from seeing her dead husband's body but he was too slow and she pushed past him.
Rowena pushed past her and into the room. Jody followed close behind. Claire turned to her and Jody instinctively wrapped her into a hug. Her eyes however were trained on Dean.
" Hey, asshat!" Claire said cocking her gun making the Demon turn around. She shot it in the shoulder and the impact sent it a couple steps back.
Sam stood, unable to turn away from the scene in front of him. He was equal parts turned on and shocked. When the women finally broke apart, Meg caught sight of him. Instead of appearing scared or embarrassed she gave him a smile and took Charlie by the hand and lead her away from him.
Figuring that he bought himself a bit of time Dean tried to catch his breath and form a plan. Once again he took stock of what seemed to be a forgotten store room.
“Sam is right,” said Cas, completely oblivious to his brother's anguish, he was crouched next to the body of the sow looking at the wound in its throat. “The pigs were killed before Joshua”.
Sam willed the memory of beheading the kid away. Knowing it would come back to haunt him later.
Feeling uneasy Jody grabs her flashlight and exits her own truck and cautiously approaches the Ford F150 SVT  Raptor first. Placing her hand on the hood she feels nothing but the cold metal beneath her fingers.
“Turn around” commanded Dean.
“Oh come on!” argued Dean, as he shrugged Cas’ hand off “I’ll be fine, everyone knows that they are slower during the daytime!”
Jody was about to say something but was cut off by her phone ringing. Frowning, she answered. "Hey, Alex...WHAT?" She glanced at Donna who was now sitting up and looking at her in concern. "Okay. I want you and Claire to bring Dean to Donna's house. We'll figure something out once you get here...Yes, I found her." Jody gave Donna a sideways glance."We'll talk about it when you get here...Yeah. That'd be great. Do you still have Dean's wallet? Good. Use his card to get plane tickets. I don't want you three on the road for over four hours with demons on your ass...Exactly.If he says anything tell him I told you to use it. Be careful. See you soon".
Retracing her steps Jody moved closer to the object. There wedged between two rocks was a metal six pointed star. Fingers shaking she lifted up and turned it over.
“You okay?” asked Sam as he helped Dean get up off the ground.
There was a simultaneous sound of guns cocking, both women had their weapons aimed at him.The man rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers. The guns vanished only to be replaced with lollipops.
"Well,
In  what seemed like eons instead of minutes she finally found him.  Rushing into the room she watched as his skin tore open from an invisible blade. Blood gushed out of the wound while a pink froth poured from between his lips as he made choking sounds.
The tension in her shoulders visibly eases.  "Heard you were senile. Wasn't sure if you'd remember me, old man." The relief in her voice couldn't be disguised by the sneer that went with it.
Dean turned his glare from Sam to Gabriel instead. “Like I said-you would think it was crazy.”
“We will not know until I try” replied Cas before he slid the needle into a vein. Both waited with bated breath as he depressed the plunger but nothing happened. “Damnit!” hissed Castiel angrily.
" Dean. We got to go.Now" said Jody." Donna called. There's demons on their way here.  She helped him into the wheelchair she had brought him and swiftly rolled him out of the room.
“Why not? They have been known to do so before!”
Alex took a shaky breath before instructing Claire to help her roll Dean over onto his stomach. As soon as he was settled in the new position  Claire let out her own litany of foul language.
" Hey, Hasselhoff; you okay in there?" asked Claire as she knocked and opened the door.
Rowena held up her hands "No apologies necessary, Sherif" she grinned.
"Yeah, well it's five o'clock somewhere" Dean retorts and he and Claire clink their bottles in solidarity.
"There's writing on the bars!" Sam exclaimed excitedly.
Sam bit back his frustration and decided to just share what he had learned with Dean.
blue eyes that seemed to see straight into his soul. He was rewarded with a crooked smile that made the lines crinkle around Cas’s eyes. Something that Dean knew only happened when the man was amused or happy about something.
Dean blinks. He's not in the CBGB. He's back in the unrelenting blackness.
Dean tried giving her a grin but it looked more like grimace. "What can I say? My family brings stubborn to a whole new level." He gingerly looked around the room. " Where's my clothes?"
“Can you carry him?” asked the woman.
"Yes! Despite what you think, I'm not a complete idiot, Sam" barked Dean.
"Or something" echoed Gabriel. "Put your listening ears on, poppa's got a tale for you". Gabriel snapped his fingers and plunged the bunker into darkness save for a single spotlight that shone on the Archangel.
“Cas”
Sam and Cas carried Joshua’s body to the newly repaired carriage house and laid him out on the workbench.
“Uh huh”, said Gabriel as he slowly got up and began to back away from the Winchesters.
Blowing her nose she picked up her phone to check her messages. There were several from Alex the last of which she announced her safe return to work. One from Rowena that simply said "Iron" and one from the department giving her an update on the days cases and progress. She skimmed it but knew her deputy had everything under control.
"Lollipop?" Gabriel asks holding out a grape flavoured one to her while popping a cherry one in his mouth.
" How ...how many more were there?" He asked while sitting up again.
“I know that if I were a blood-sucking former priest that is where I would hide my creepy ass. No place like home, am I right?” smirked Dean.
The man had an infection and this is where it was originating from, Cas decided as he continued to look for other wounds. His patient also had some severe bruising that started at his collar and disappeared under his well-worn clothing. Cas needed to see in order to make sure that there was nothing further that was life-threatening. Pushing his hair off his forehead in annoyance he reached up and pulled the velvet rope that hung between the beds.
Claire returned moments later. She put the bin down on the floor closest to where his head lay. She left and came back again. This time with a wash cloth. She reached to place it on his forehead but he grabbed her wrist.
“What of the other one? He killed Brother James” asked the reedy voice-Dean was really getting annoyed with not knowing his name so he decided to call him Mouse.
"But you can read it?"
"We have yet to define what is between us" answered the angel with trepidation. "You are aware of Dean's inability to deal with emotional concerns."
Anger filled the archangel as he went through several more memories of John beating Dean, sometimes he was barely five years old, others he was in his teens, the latest one had been in his early twenties.
The soft knock at the door startles him and he fumbles the glass and just manages to catch it before it could fall to the floor.       "Yeah? Come in," he carefully places the glass back on the night stand with both his hands.
“Okay! That is more than anyone needs to know!” said Dean. “Look! It is snowing harder!” Dean clapped his hands and moved to look out the large window that also served as a means to exit onto a balcony. The black ironwork stood in stark contrast to the white snow the swirled about the grey skies.
Behind him he heard a strangled cry. Whipping around he saw his baby brother shaking, tears were running down his cheeks. His face full of terror.
“That was beautiful” sniffed Gabriel.
Her stomach tied in knots she started to back away towards the safety of her own truck but something glinted in the halo of the flashlight stopped her.
"I'll throw a party once this is over and then you can judge me" the archangel spat. "We've got bigger issues to deal with right now".
" What, did you just say?" Gabriel asked, all the playfulness gone from his hazel eyes; his voice carrying an edge of anger.
Donna pulled up next to the impala and got out of her truck. She did a quick sweep of the parking lot but could only see two other cars parked at the opposite end closer to the beginning of the hiking trails.
Claire jerked her shoulder " You're the nurse! Isn't it like part of your job to ..." she waved her hands over Dean's naked torso.
Dean brought his head back. Stunning the demon just enough to squirm free. He began to run.  Alastair screamed in rage. Dean ran faster.
Dean rolled his eyes and then crossed back towards Castiel. Gabriel looked at Sam questioningly but the taller man just indicated that he should follow Dean. Leery, Gabriel took a seat by the fireside and waited for Dean to start.
"You mean bad ass, and it's not an act", quipped Claire.
Moonbeams filtered through the tree branches above giving the dark forest little pools of silver light.
made your dramatic entry” said Gabriel before Cas could speak. “Welcome back Fergus”
“Maybe?” replied Sam, feeling the same frustration that his brother was giving off in waves.
"It's fine, Deputy Peterson," Donna spoke up. "This is Sheriff Mills of Sioux Falls. She's here to help. Now, give me your report".
“I think they have an understanding. The "do not question, do not lie", kind of understanding.”
A slender woman with curly nut brown hair and large doe eyes stepped out of the shadows. Her dress shimmered in the unnatural light giving her an ethereal glow.  "That will not work" she shook heard sadly.
“I thought you were the smart brother” teased Gabe.
The large dapple grey stallion, Sam had claimed as his own snorted its annoyance and Dean gave a sigh of his own as he pulled out the second apple from his saddlebag and held it up. The stallion snatched it from his grasp and scuffed the ground with its hoof. “Yeah well, you know the rules-ladies first!” He muttered and wished Sam had given the horse a name so he could at least curse on it properly.
Dean.
The young man nodded his head and they set about the task of removing Dean’s clothes.
? Where'd you get it?," Dean asked.
Dean could hear running. Getting up he saw Sam heading towards him, a sword in his hand.Grinning at him Dean began racing up the stairs. Sam caught up to him in no time. They reached an intermediate landing a few floors up, where another row of cells branched off to their left.
" Go ahead" Claire gestured.
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed. He had awoken in a pitch-black room, his hands and legs bound to the arms of the chair he was sitting in.
" I was seven the ah first time. Dad had left Sammy and me at a sketchy day care. I was so confused about what was happening. I didn't really understand what she did to me until it happened again a few months later.
"To keep Alistair from getting his grubby mitts on it", replied the angel.
Dean took a look at Claire. She was standing with her arms crossed and her chin jutting upwards having a staring contest with the archangel. Dean sighed, he was too fucking tired for this shit.
There was a shout of surprise and then the sounds of grunts and flesh hitting flesh. Something struck the floor and rolled across it. More dust fell and the fighting became more intense. Dean couldn’t hear anything over the sound of his own coughing.
Meanwhile, Sam and Gabriel were nearing the far corner of the family plot when Sam spotted one of the crypt doors hanging slightly off its hinges.
The door swung open and a tall man with a grim expression entered. "Jody" he greeted her and stuck his hand out.
"At the mess hall with Hawkeye and Hunnicut" Claire answered with a sneer.The demon hit her in the nose again making Claire's vision swim and her ears ring.
Twenty minutes later they had parked and were heading into the woods. They hadn't gotten very far before they were attacked.
A task which he never wanted but his brothers left him little choice. Luckily, it had not taken him long to find a suitable match. Meg much like himself was tasked with finding a man with means to save her Uncle’s sizable estate. They were complete opposites in a lot of ways but there was at least a spark between them. Cas desperately hoped it could lead to real love one day.
Claire returned and dropped the large blue carpet bag at Rowena's feet. " If he dies, you die" she stated. Her gaze remained unwavering at the witche's.
“Actually, she is his daughter-in-law. Husband died last winter. She promised three squares and any mending we might need doing as well as the shelter in the barn as payment,” replied Sam as he took the stallion’s reins from Dean and began walking it towards the barn.”Dinner is in an hour and we can wash up behind the house, there’s a creek apparently. She’s leaving us some soap and towels on the back step”
Jody glanced up at him and then tore her gaze away so he wouldn't see her amusement at his sudden shyness.  She lifted the pants up as far as the tops of his knees and then stood and turned around to give Dean some privacy.
" I was hoping you'd play hard to get" smiled Alistair as he slid the knife along Dean's collar bone, drawing blood in it's wake. " Are the scars I gave you still visible, Dean?"
More crates were piled in the corner to his left and to his right was something hidden under a large square of canvas. He limped over to it and yanked it off.
" Well, this isn't as sexy as I thought it would be", said a voice that was all too familiar to Dean.
“So, you told them we would stay until the end of harvesting season?” Dean could not keep the irritation from his voice. “A full month?! You know that we can not stay that long!”
Dean appears fully dressed in his usual jeans, t-shirt and flannel. His hair was still glistening from the quick shower he had taken. He held out a beer bottle to each of them. He huffed in annoyance when Claire and Gabriel looked warily at him. "It's just friggin' beer! We're out of coffee. Just fucking take it will ya?"
John dropped him and Dean ran.
" Ha! Hasselhoff! That's a good one kid!"
"The only legend attached to it is a Native American one about star crossed love between a Sioux man and a Chippewa maidan. They tried running away together but were caught by a group of Chippewa warriors. Supposedly they were killed and buried at the bottom of the falls under the same tree they had tried hiding in." Sam paused to drink his coffee.
" I'm so sorry!"said Dean in horror as guilt washed over him. His stomach lurched and he turned to the near by trash can and puked. His whole body was trembling. Everything hurt so much. Even thinking hurt.
" Then, why don't I remember?!" He blurted out in frustration. " Why does my fucking head still feel like it's being skewered by fondue forks?" Anger was coiling in his stomach and he knew that he was going to snap if he didn't get his temper under control and soon.
Just out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw something move along the tree line that bordered the main house. Crouching down in the long grass Dean laid as still as he could, watching the shadows.
The frown deepened on the woman's face. " Dean, Sam's.. "
*Trigger Warnings of referenced child sexual abuse and rape. *
An owl suddenly cried out and flew so close to Dean's head that he instinctively ducked. The revolver slipped from his hand and landed with a heavy thunk onto the forest floor.
“Turn this damn thing around! We are going back!”Dean could hear the rushing of his blood in his ears and he knew that he was close to snapping.
Dean dropped and grunted in pain as the rope reached the end of its tether and his stitches popped open. Blood was flowing freely down his back and Dean became lightheaded.
Hopefully once that mystery was cleared up she could then figure out where Sam and Cas were. Rescue them and gank whatever was responsible for hurting the man she loved like a son.
" Get your filthy paws off of me before I break them off" snapped Dean as he tried to step away but Alastair held onto him firmly. Mind racing Dean tried to figure out a way to escape. Alastair's hand slid down the front of Deans pants and began stroking.
"Yeah, exactly!" Agreed Sam, "Wait. Did you just reference The Lord of the Rings?"
Stonily , Alex eased the blood soaked pajama pants down  over his hips. Alex gently wiped the blood off exposing finger sized bruises and more bite marks. Claire watched as Alex closed her eyes and took a deep breath before she opened them and carefully separated his ass cheeks.
As always, apologies for bad grammar and spelling mistakes!
“Ah, thank you, Charlie. I think I will see these britches for myself” Gabriel winked at the maid and gave Sam a mock bow before he too left the room.
A young red-haired maid entered the room and gave a quick curtsy. “Lady Meg has requested that Sir Castiel meet her in the library. I am to show the Winchester brother’s to their room?”
" You smell delicious" a demon wearing a teenager said with a toothy grin, grabbing her by her hair and dragging her away from the window. " Like fear tinged with honey". It took a deep whiff while biting her ear hard enough to draw blood. "I'm gonna eat you up"
Sam flashed a quick smile in the dark. “True”, he figured there was no reason to lie, Gabriel had a knack for figuring those little indiscretions out. The two walked in companionable silence, Sam steering them from the lake to his least favorite part of the property-the family burial plot.
Dean cut her off while wrenching his face out of her grasp. " For how long? How long am I going to be useless?" The look of pity on Jody's face gave him his answer. " That's just friggin' great!"
This time the rope gave way to his weight and Dean plummeted to the ground and into darkness.
“Ugh!” Tommy grunted and stood up. “Fine! I want the first bite of old man Barnes then!”
Sam bit back his frustration as Dean hurled insults at their captors and allowed himself to be forced to his knees. Beside him Cas had done the same.
" What do we do?" Demanded Jody.
"You are such a geek," teased Dean affectionately. "You figure out what it says yet?"
“The dog” explained Cas as he hugged and comforted the distraught woman.
He was back in the inky blackness from before. His whole body tensed as he sensed danger. He reached for his gun only to realise he was still dressed in pajamas. Cursing he slowly turned trying to determine where or what the danger might be.
before you rudely interrupted and threatened me".
Knowing he would never look at him the same way again, Dean feels the shame and helplessness start to overwhelm him. He has to get away from Sam's prying eyes.
“That is enough”, Cas warned. “You are more than welcome to stay as long as you and your brother need to heal. That is unless you have something more pressing which requires you to leave sooner rather than later?”
"Those are bad ass unicorns! They have
“So why marry at all?”
Dean forgot all about seeing Pamela’s ghost and thus said nothing about it to Sam. Instead, he and Cas returned to the warmth of the fireside and resumed another rousing game of chess before they joined the others for dinner.
The ground beneath them gave way and for the third time that day Dean went tumbling through the air. He struck the side of the cliff then a large boulder which he was pretty sure he cart wheeled off of ; only to land in the puddle that was the bottom of the fall.
" Fuck".
Before he could turn  around something slammed into the middle of his back causing him to fall against the tree trunk. He hit his head hard.
“Juliet...she was...kilt” wept the older woman.
“Not just vampires. Werewolves. Vengeful spirits, heck even witches too!” Sam added while moving to stand with his brother. “There are creatures that you have never heard of lurking out there in the dark and one of them has come to Crossroads Manor”
Fear turned to anger. He didn't want to talk about it. He wanted to punch Sam just to make him shut up. Instead he opted to punch the wall. Then he punched it again. And again.
(See the end of the chapter for
When she risked looking at Dean she saw that he had passed out again. With shaky hands she pulled the covers over him and sat back in her chair pulling her knees up and resting her chin on them.
“He’s not our daddy!” the dark-haired boy screamed at Dean. “Our daddy was kilt by...”
“Could ask you the same. It is well past your bedtime young man!” chuckled Gabriel as he made his way down the hill.
“Ssh! You’re just fine, Bones” soothed Sam as he petted the horse on the neck, calming it.
Undeterred, Sam followed him. " I saw the bloody bandages! I know you're hurt! You're limping Dean! Just tell me what happened?"
Dean nodded , still unable to look at her, "Thanks", he replied staring at the blankets.
"Jody... Jody called while you were gone. The fairies are going to kill Sam and Cas if he doesn't return the cauldron in three days" Claire explained while shakily starting to clean up the mess.
Silence.
“That is what you said about the blacksmith building, the summer kitchen, and at least three of the former slave quarters!”
Before she could say anything Claire felt Gabriel's fingers on her forehead and then everything went dark.
After Sam managed to get Dean out of the hidden room, they went on to finish clearing out what was a rather large vampire nest inside a seminary. Setting the bodies and the building afire they took a pair of horses and rode away in the grey light of dawn both too tired to converse on their recent adventure.
"You're a fried mother board..." grumbled Dean and then added, "Help Claire", in a much louder voice.
One of the boys gave him a creepy grin. Dean took it as a sign to run. He almost made the door before he was yanked backward and slammed into the hard ground. The air in his lungs rushed out and he could hear their laughter over the rush of his own heart.
“What the hell?” demanded Dean splashing Sam.
Sam blinked and looked at his brother whose face was drenched in sweat, his body was trembling, all trace of color was gone from his skin. “Dean? What’s wrong?”
" Where is Dean Winchester?"it said.
"Let my friend go" Jody demanded.
“It just strikes me funny, that you two are taking orders from this puny little guy!”
Gabriel raised an eyebrow at her while asking "You done?". Still peeved, Claire flips him the bird and resumes her pacing.
"We have three fucking days to figure out where I stuffed the magic kettle and get it back to the friggin' fairies or else Sam and Cas are dead!" He hit a lamp off of the library table, sending some books flying off in every direction as they were swept off with it.
The sun was slowly rising by the time Jody was able to navigate through the chaos onto Donna's street. As she drove at a snails pace both women took in the utter destruction that seemed to have leveled the whole town. People were outside their homes, wandering around in shock, clustered together in groups or were being treated for injuries by EMT's.
Gabriel came running in at the sound of the woman’s hysterical crying. “What in the name of...” he exclaimed as he took in the carnage surrounding them in horror.
“He was just reminding us about what Father told us to do!” the dark-haired boy said angrily.
His mouth was open in a silent scream, his brow furrowed with pain and his un-seeing eyes were rolling wildly.  His back bowed so that only his feet and head touched the bed. Then he fell back and became eerily still save for his ragged breathing.
“Given his height, it would make sense that Sam would also have a large...”
Claire and Alex made themselves busy looking everywhere except at Dean. Neither of them wanting to admit to seeing him in the buff.
She grabbed her phone and began dialing.
“Yes, the Winchester brothers are difficult to deal with one on one but together they are nigh on impossible to contain. Something, poor Brother Bill learned too late.”
“Yeah...Wait, does that mean Castiel is aware that Meg and Charlie are...?”
Gabriel lost all the colour in his cheeks his  face grew grim as he spoke; "I need to talk to him" with that the angel disappeared with a gentle whoosh of feathers.
" You can't even stand by yourself! Dean, you should stay here. You need to heal", said Jody.
Dean tried his hardest to stop his wheezing but to no avail. There was more scraping, something heavy was rolled away and then a small square of light fell upon him. Dean blinked upwards and he let the tension in his shoulders ease.
Jody let out a groan and rested her head on her desk. "I'm playing the shittiest game of marco- polo ever", she whined. Taking a moment to rest her eyes she tried thinking of a calm blue ocean to calm herself.
Running his fingers through his hair Sam, sighed again as his stomach rumbled. "Fuck it" he decided and grabbed the beer from the fridge. He tossed the cap into the trash and headed into the library where he had dropped his duffle.
"You want me to ask Cas if he's a fairy?" Dean asked "Sure. I'll get right on that. Hey, while I do that how about you go fuck yourself?"
" I said, no," Claire lifted her chin and shrugged her shoulders not the lest bit intimidated by the angel. "First off, I don't trust you. Secondly, Dean is hurt and needs to rest. Thirdly, I don't like dicks with wings. So, we're not doing or going anywhere with you!".
"No! You keep bugging me! Now leave me alone so I can save our asses" Sam grumbled.
Donna's house had been obliterated.
" And Cas?" Hissed Dean as a new wave of pain washed over him.
"Never needed to until now" said Donna softly. She shivers as the memory of the fairy ring returns.
She began to shake with fear. Desperately she turned and not bothering to tape her knuckles she began hitting the shiny red punching bag that hung in the corner. Jody had bought it for her after she had punched a hole in the wall due to a particularly bad nightmare.
" Sam?" " Dean?"
"That's why Alistair wants it" said Claire softly to herself.
Sighing Jody sat on the edge of his bed.  "Dean, you weren't in a car crash. You were found by some hikers at the bottom of a waterfall in Fairy Falls Park here in Stillwater. You had to be air lifted out".
Snapping to attention Jody grabbed the branch once more and crossed to the circle. Donna was now covered in silver threads from head to toe.
" Uh, Jody. Maybe I should ah do that," said Dean. Beneath his bruises his face had flushed red with embarassment. He cleared his throat uncomfortably. " I ah don't have anything on under the gown"
Sam turned to see Gabriel leaning against the door frame casually eating a tart of some kind. His eyebrow was raised and a ghost of a smile crossed his lips.
Instead of John Winchester glaring down at him it's Alistair.
"Sadly, he
The fairy wasn't listening to Jody. Her attention focused on something to the right of the circle. "You must hurry! They are coming!"
"You're kidding, right? Dean-o never mentioned me? Sam? I'm the one who killed Dean like a hundred times in a bunch of hilarious different ways. Even had a piano fall on his head like in Loony Toons! You shoulda seen Sams face! Priceless!" He laughed to himself.
“Vampires,” said Sam who was annoyed with the whole exchange. He just shrugged at Dean who had shot him a death glare in warning. “A vampire bit him”.
Dean tried to shrug nonchalantly but the movement had him yelping from the pain.
" Sure. Yeah" said Jody. She untied the gown and helped Dean take it off. His back and shoulders were riddled with cuts and bruises which disappeared underneath the bandages wrapped around his ribs. Then as Dean turned she saw it.
“Right,” agreed Sam “Such as nobody going anywhere or doing anything alone. From what we can tell, these things are like animals, they tend to attack when someone is on their own. Vulnerable. Easy prey as it were.”
As if to answer her, Dean let out an anguished cry.
Jody looked up to see Donna holding out a steaming cup of coffee. "You're my hero!" Taking the paper cup she took a sip and then let out an appreciative moan. It was damn good  coffee. After a few more mouthfuls she took stock of her friends demeanor. "How you holding up?"
A nurse came rushing into the room and shooed the women out. That was the last thing he saw before passing out.
"So, so get this" Sam started to tell Dean about the history of the falls as they ate their breakfast "Fairy Falls has zero fairy lore connected to it!"
Sam jumped and Gabriel laughed.
"Bite me" said Dean while flipping his middle finger at the archangel.
Dean opened one eye and watched the nurse stride out of his room. He waited until the tenth Missippi before hauling the iv out of his hand and pulling the heart monitor wires off.   "Son of a bitch!" He exclaimed as a sharp burning pain erupted within his chest. Breathing hurt. Everything hurt.
"Right," agreed Dean as he cleared his throat, "So what's the deal with this thing? It magical or something?"
"I really don't know, man! Everything for the past few weeks is just gone! Yeah. Three? Shit. Okay. Yeah. I'll tell her. And Jody? I'm sorry about...but..." Dean stared down at his back up phone.Jody had already hung up on him. "Son of a bitch!" He shouted and threw it across the room. Narrowly missing Claire in the process.
She called Alex, who responded with a no, that she hadn't heard from them either. She informed Jody of her plans of staying with Donna  in her cabin for the night as the hospital agreed to let her lend a hand to the Stillwater medical staff.
Claire began coughing and Dean nearly started to cry from relief. The rope kept it's halting ascendent. Dean tried his best to go limp, he didn't want to make it too easy for the evil sons of bitches. He was starting to become numb to the ever present pain. He felt himself starting to de-tatch from his body and the situation. Then something crammed him back in and Dean wanted to yell in dismay as the pain became sharp and his fear almost palatable.
“I was trying to decide what I could offer in exchange for the care of my brother while he heals”.
" I'm always this pale" Alex replied with a sniff.
She tried calling Claire but only got the autoresponse from the phone company telling her that the phone was shut off. The same happened when she tried all three of Dean's numbers.
The sounds of music and laughter drew nearer. Eyes wide with fear Jody helped Donna to her feet. "I'll explain later! We got to go now! " Keeping Donna's hand in hers, Jody began running in the opposite direction of the music.
"Okay, if I translated this correctly, all we ah have to do is say the word
Dean could hear the rush of foot steps. Too many to be just one person.  Too many hands touching him. He started having dry heaves.
away from Donna! She's off limits! Jody too! All of them are off limits!" Dean exclaimed furiously his hands gesturing as he spoke. He looked like a demented marionette on crack.
The door opens and a young blonde strolls in and stares at him from the foot of the bed. She crosses her arms and gives him the once over with smirk. "About time you were up, Sleeping Beauty."
“Dean...”
I don't agree with or use these slurs personally as I myself am Bi but they are relevant to the time period that young Dean and Sam grew up in. (80's/90's).
" Did...Did you just take a picture?!" Dean stammered furiously at Gabriel.
“I should let you rest,” said Cas suddenly.
Claire moved slowly into the hallway, listening keenly. There were small popping sounds combined with crackling...the scent of smoke in the air.
In flowery handwriting was his full name. When the light shone through the paper it showed nothing but another square inside-a letter.
" Well, aren't we a family of drama queens?"muttered Rowena as Jody left. Dean moaned and she sighed heavily before pulling out the ingredients she needed.
“What? I waited as long as I could! The man is clearly a giant! I was just curious! What are you, six foot five?”
"Close your eyes!" Gabriel commanded, his voice booming over the supernatural storm, his eyes glowing an icy blue.
" I know you're lying! You can tell me Dean! I'm eleven, I'm not a baby! I can handle it!" His hazel eyes pleading up at you. " Just tell me, please?"
Meanwhile, Dean was groggily trying to sit up. One hand was moving under the pillows like he was searching for something. " Son of a bitch!" He uttered as a new fresh wave of searing pain rolled over him.
" the heavy rock carried over the grunting demons.
Jody narrowed her eyes at the fairy still wary but gave a curt nod of agreement. She didn't really have a choice. " So, what's the message?"
" Aye, lass." There was a flash of admiration on Rowena's face but it quickly vanished as Dean's body contorted again. " Leave" she instructed.
He shuddered as he recalled the tall black man who had walked through the flames and plucked Pamela from the front seat of the wagon. Sam had grabbed her hand and tried to pull her back in but the man’s strength was unlike anything Sam had ever dealt with before. It terrified him. Then Pamela placed her free hand over his and gave him that damn smile.
Dean's back was criss crossed with angry red gashes some of which were still bleeding and bite marks. That was enough for her breath to catch in her throat but when she followed her adopted sister's gaze below Dean's waist she gasped.
Frowning he opened it and pulled the letter out and read it.
This time Gabriel recognised the surroundings. He was in the fairy rift.
Claire exchanged a look with Alex and without being told the girls ran to fetch bags of salt from the front closet and began making salt lines. Claire taking care of the main floor while Alex ran upstairs to line the windows and the back patio door.
Jody and Donna have to deal with the fall out of the past two days in their respective jurisdictions.
"Say what?" frowned Dean.
had been the one to do it. "What do you want?" She demanded, crossing to her desk where she had a flask of holy water and a gun loaded with salt rounds taped to the underside.
" I didn't raise you to be a fucking cry baby! " His fist connected with Deans jaw. " Where is Sam?"
"A little blinded but yeah, I'm okay. You?" Sam assured him.
Charlie lead him into a room that held two beds, a washstand and a dresser. It was not a large room but it was better than a barn stall. Sam smiled at her as he laid Dean down on the bed closest to the window. “Thank you, Charlie,” he said sincerely.
“Did not! He did!”
“Fine, but you’re explaining everything to Miss Missouri and Joshua in the morning!” Dean growled.
Dean was too busy looking at Cas to see Sam's reaction but the angel noticed.
Fire.
"Eat me" Claire said, miffed at Gabriel's sudden return.
Not giving Sam a chance to oppose his plan, Dean jogged down the narrow corridor towards the approaching guards. Behind him he could hear Sam repeating the spell.
Finally, they pulled apart and Dean saw that while they had been kissing, big fat flakes of snow had begun to fall. He smiled and looked down at Cas who was smiling even wider and trying to catch the flakes on his tongue. They laughed at one another.
"Well no..."
Crap. How was he going to explain Sam? “Oh. Yeah. Sammy has trouble sleeping so he tends to go for walks. Helps, settle that big brain of his”, Dean lied. “Why are you awake at this hour?”
Dean continues to be tortured  by Alistair .
"We coppulated at three thirty this morning" replied Cas, in confusion,"Though I'm not sure why that would be of import".
"Hunh, you actually mean that don't you?"
Rowena manages to temporarily teather Dean to his body with a spell.
“Oh we are so going to talk about this later,” said Dean while looking at his little brother in shock.
“Could have been the pigs...” began Gabriel as he rubbed his hands over his pale face.
Gabriel narrowed his eyes and stopped to take a closer look at the humans before him. Both Claire and Dean were sporting a set of shiners and multiple cuts and bruises. Claire's nose was off center and covered in dry blood as were her clothes, she tossed her head and he noticed that there were finger sized bruises enveloping her neck.
“I am not that old!” huffed Dean before looking up at a very disheveled and panting Sam. “Thanks, Sammy”.
"It's okay to be upset. It was your home." Jody placed a hand on Donna's shoulder and  squeezed lightly.
"Canada? Seriously?" Jody frowned. "If I were to run away it'd be a place with white sandy beaches and no freakin' snow".
"Careful Sheriff! Precious cargo on board!" The man proclaimed while gesturing at himself.
“Sam”
“Yes. I did. Not all of us can be poetical like you Dean-I mean, the name
Thirty minutes. He decided. Thirty minutes of sleep would help take some of the edge off. Then he'll apologise to Claire and figure out what's next.
"Gross" said Alex and Claire simultaneously. Even Dean had grunted in disgust but then looked abashed at the girls reaction. "I'm
The maid only nodded her head and did not ask him any questions. Gabriel gave her a wink and disappeared out into the driving snow.
Dean reached out and held her hand. “For the record, I would have gotten you one”
Sighing, Sam hauled back and clocked Dean in the chin, knocking his older brother out with the force of his blow. Dean crumpled to the floor. Shaking his hand in pain, Sam sighed resignedly. “We better get a move on before he wakes up”. That said, Sam strode out of the room.
Nothing but a  deep crater and chunks of motor and wood splinters was left as evidence that a structure once sat on the property.
She paused at the thresh hold before turning around. Head held high, shoulders back she returned the stares, a few of the smarter ones quickly ducked their heads and focused on the reports in front of them.
“What would Dean have said?” asked Gabriel. “Had he been here?”
"Um, guys?", interrupted Alex, grabbing their attention.
Jody stopped her with a light hand on her shoulder. The witch was trembling but the glare she was giving had Jody dropping her hand again. " Thank you," Jody said with sincere gratitude.
There wasn't anything from Donna.
"What about Cas? Where is he?"
Late that night Sam pulled his threadbare coat closer about him as he walked around the lake. The snow had been steadily falling for hours. The others had long gone to bed.
Sam turned around to look at his startled brother. Dean was still way too pale for his liking but the fact that he was awake and sitting up was a promising sign that he was on his way to recovery. “Here. Drink,” he demanded while passing Dean a canteen filled with water. He noted the shaking in his brother's hands but didn’t say anything.
Once back indoors they found Gabriel and Dean in the manor’s vast library, the pair pouring over a map that had small flags marking where the spots that they thought could make good hiding spots for the vampires.
The two stared at one another uncomfortably.
Claire raises an eyebrow at him "Sorry. I don't take candy from strangers".
"Where's your pen knife?"demanded Dean.
By the time they had gotten home both he and Dean were beyond exhausted and were fighting with each other because they didn't have anything or anyone else to vent their frustrations on.
Every now and then he would moan in pain, startling Claire each time.  She was just starting to nod off when Dean screamed and sat straight up in bed.
Alex worked speedily to clean and assess the extent of the damage while Claire went in search of fresh clothes and sheets.
The figures suddenly flung themselves against the thick door. The wood buckled but held. Dean struggled to his feet and stumbled towards the door. “Hey!” he shouted at them. As he got closer he noticed that it was three boys. Faces pale and dark eyes large. Then, the clouds parted and the moonlight spilled down like a silver waterfall.
Sam coughed and blinked against the settling dust. The tornado had passed and bright sunlight spilled down through the gaping hole in the roof and onto Dean who had passed out onto the floor beside him. He carefully hooked his arms under his and dragged his brother outside. The ground was covered in broken branches and large stones, their clothes had been tossed about and now decorated those trees that were still standing. Sam however was more concerned about Dean. He carefully checked to make sure that aside from a few scratches and bruises that his brother hadn’t been further hurt.
Sunlight streaked across his face and Dean groaned and tried to move away from it but there was no escaping the light. He pried his eyes open and blinked against the brightness. Once his sight adjusted he realized that he was in the back of a wagon. Confusion and fear had him bolting into a sitting position.
The faint notes of music broke the silence that had fallen.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw a shimmer of purple light. He turned to get a better look  when a figure slipped through the light.
"So, maybe it tells us how to open it!"
He could hear scratching on the wall he shared with Sam, followed by his brother's half whispers as he spoke to himself.
"Only if you blow me first" Gabriel smirked.
Dean checked them in and Sam grabbed their gear from the trunk. He met Dean in front of the elevator and they took it up to the fifth floor.
Jody shook her head. "Yeah. I think so. They're flying out on the next plane. I hope that's alright? I didn't even think to ask".
“Gentlemen! Calm down!” commanded Castiel making both Dean and Gabriel stop in their tracks.
" Shut-up" muttered Dean. " Is my damn car okay or not? Did I crash it or something?"
" What are we up against now? Is it worse than that last bunch of whack a do witches over in Zimmerman? Cause I gotta tell ya .."
Sam removed his coat and placed it over them. The windows had long ago been broken and bits of debris were flying around the space. He didn’t want Dean to get another injury when he was clearly still recuperating from the first vampire attack. He noticed that Dean was unusually quiet. He wondered if he had finally disappointed his brother beyond the point of forgiveness this time.
Claire poked around Sam's room. It wasn't what she was expecting. There was nothing to indicate that it belonged to him other than his never ending selection of flannels with a couple of cheap suits hanging in the open closet and his lap top sitting on the desk . The rest of the room was bare.
Claire opened her eyes. " Yeah. Might have been six. Alex took one out too", she smiled at that. Her face softening as she spoke about Alex. "She's almost as good a shot as I am" she said proudly. She stops smiling when she notices Gabriel staring at her. Shifting in her seat uncomfortably, Claire stares back. "What?"
“What the hell was that?” demanded Gabriel as he helped Sam get to his feet.
"Saving people? Of course I meant it".
" Dean?"
Obviously this would be a very bad thing - like apocholypitic bad - so Gabriel suggested that the brothers should steal it before Alistair could get his grubby mitts on it.
"Damn it", she said aloud and then she noticed the same drag marks and blood splattered rocks that Donna had inspected earlier. She took her phone out of her pocket to call Claire but she couldn't get a signal.
Sam frowned but looked down. His frown quickly turned into a laugh. There in the drawer were both his and Dean’s britches. “Why did you tell Gabriel about them? If they were already inside?” he asked.
” demanded Dean incredulously.
" The road to nowhere" said Cas.
Dean struggled helplessly. Glaring at Alistair and then choking back a yelp as his body was shifted into a star shape and Alistair had a knife at his throat. " Tell me Dean, where's the cauldron?"
The bars had vanished completely. Reaching down Dean picked up one of the rocks he had knocked loose earlier and tossed it through the opening. Nothing happened. Breathing a sigh of relief he poked his head out and cursed.
Dean released Cas from the hug. " Where are you? Is Sam with you? What happened? I can't remember anything..."
Above him, the sky was a steel grey and he could smell the scent of snow in the air. Dean shivered and was surprised when Cas wrapped his coat over his shoulders. “Dean, we should get back inside before you catch pneumonia or worse”.
Using his momentum Dean plowed into the first guard, knocking him into the stone wall and stunning him. He then ducked as the second one took a swing at him with a sword. There was a flurry of blows and the second guard fell unconscious at Dean's feet.
" Uh, not anymore. It went out"
Meanwhile, things had cooled considerably between Dean and Castiel as it was announced that he and Meg would be married upon the New Year as McLeod and Castiel’s older brothers were eager to see the nuptials completed as soon as possible.
Dean stiffened in fear. He squeezed eyes shut. "Hey there Al" said Dean cheerfully. His mask of bravado carefully in place as he turned to face the demon that literally made his life hell for forty years.
Both brothers immediately stopped playing to look up. There stood the young Mrs. Barnes. Her dark hair was slipping from its elaborate braids and her blue eyes were sparkling with mischief. “Dinner is ready. I do hope you boys brought a change of clothes with you. These ones need cleaning and mending.”
“Well, you had instructions for everyone else. I thought maybe Meg might have left some for me too?”
Claire let him go and took a few steps back. "Sorry", she mumbled before fleeing the room.
“Right” nodded Gabriel. Both he and Cas exited the room and hurried to catch up to Sam.
Frustrated Dean kicked the door harder. A few rocks shook loose but the door itself held firm. "Son of a bitch!"
Dean twitched in his sleep.
Cas’s deep graveling voice rumbled against Dean’s back and it felt oddly comforting to him and Dean swore his heart might have fluttered when the man said his name. Dean turned to look into those impossibly blue eyes and he knew at that moment that what he was feeling was not anything he had ever experienced before...
"You look like shit Winchester," it observed.
Alex bit her lip while trying to find the words. Claire shrugged off the EMT who was trying to put a bandage on her cheek, and hopped down making her way over to Jody. "It was demons", she ignored Alex's hiss of warning; "...and an Angel. It was
"What?!"said Dean and Claire in unison quickly followed by "Why?" The pair exchanged an annoyed look with one another.
"Good to know" Mike nodded in jest.
"Dean" parroting his brothers tone Sam refused to look up from the map, he could feel the heat from his brothers glare but ignored it.
https://thecelticjourney.wordpress.com/tag/celtic-tree-alphabet/
Suddenly her face snapped to the side and her own cheek started to burn. Blinking her focus shifted from Dean to Rowena.
Claires eyes were watering and irritated from the smoke. Dean was fumbling trying to undo the knot but Claire slapped his hands away. "We gotta go now, Dean!" She half dragged him and half helped him crawl over to the opening.
"Jody?"
“Charlie...”
Donna unwraps her lollipop and starts to suck on it as she thinks.
" I can't stay here, Jody. I hate hospitals" explained Dean as he stood up. Blinding pain filled his head and he cried out. " What the hell is wrong with me?"
"Yeah, he didn't tell you?"
With a sigh Dean took off his coat and folded it like a pillow. He then proceeded to lay down. Crossing his arms over his chest he shut his eyes and fell asleep.
A small figure darted across the lawn, and onto the front step of the house. Given the size, Dean figured it was a child of about eight or so. He waited to see what the kid was going to do next. Their movements were strange...Instinct had Dean suddenly looking up just in time to have a fist strike him hard in the jaw.
"She's not wrong", Dean added, his smirk matching Claire's."Now, quit deflecting and get to the explaination part of this heart to heart talk, already!".
"Ladies"
" Yeah, no shit Sherlock"she replies. " What happened?"
Dean also got to his feet and said “Yes! That was the best chicken I’ve tasted in my life! Thank you both for a lovely evening. We’re going to turn in now, as dawn arrives faster than I would like it to”.
"There's no way a single demon could do all that...Unless it's a group or one of the heavy hitters like Alistair", Dean puzzled out loud. He swallowed hard as he pushed his fear down ; he refused to panic.He was shaking because he was still cold, not because he was terrified of facing Alistair so soon after...
Everyone turned to look at Donna. " I'm just saying that Dean hasn't done this kind of thing on his own before. Let alone doing it in his sleep."
Before Cas could question him further Joshua entered the room and asked if Cas could please join him and Sam outside. “Miss Missouri, do you think you could keep Dean company while I go see what there is to be done?” The woman nodded and Cas left with Joshua.
“Dean”
“Bobby’s?! What the hell Sam?! We cannot bring these things to Bobby’s!” Dean was suddenly terrified. He couldn’t lose Bobby too. Not now. He was the only thing they had left aside from each other.
" So, how did he end up there?"  demanded Claire.
" Oh, aye. They're nasty buggers. I stay clear of them as much as possible. They're not the cute things with butterfly wings that the Victorian's dreamed up- thought that was a brilliant bit of marketing on their part, I must say!" She chuckled then shook her head and became serious once more " If it's one of the fae that has our boy-o in it's sights I'm not sure you
“Thanks, Cas,” said Sam and tried not to laugh when the man gave him a thumbs-up sign.
Castiel threw his brother a warning look but Gabriel just smiled “What? I am curious as to what our mono symbolic friend would have said”
"Yeah. I'd rather die than be chained to some stupid cubical for the rest of my life" said Claire vehemently.
“You said a lot of death that winter-what kind?” Dean’s curiosity often caused him to speak without thinking and though it could get him in trouble more often than not, it could also pay off. Luckily, for him, this was one of the pay-off questions, though he did earn an exasperated look from Sam.
“No ma’am. Those are all we have”, lied Dean. He was curious as to what she would do.
Sam ignored him and proceeded to remove the horse's tack after settling him into an empty stall. Dean narrowed his eyes and since the stall was empty next to the one Sam took, he led Baby into it and began to do the same, carefully rubbing her down, after removing her saddle.
"We know" said Jody barely resisting the urge to rest her head on the steering wheel.
"Dean? Dean! Hey! Snap out of it!"
Claire and Dean make their escape from both the fire and the demons.
"It's not."
" I promise" said Claire holding his gaze with her own, " If you don't tell Jody. Or Cas."
It wasn't the question he meant to ask. Sam wondered if he was back in the cage. This conversation sure felt like hell. He pressed his thumb into the scar on his palm. Nope. Not a hallucination.
“Dean, you really should not move from your bed for at least another week or two. Your ribs are still mending and...”
" Haven't heard from Donna. I'm going to go check on her. I need you to stay here and watch over Dean." Jody replied distracted by her mental list of what she might need. "Replace the salt line and add more to the upstairs windows. If Dean ...if you think he's gone back to where ever it is he disappears to, call Rowena. Then call Alex. I'll be back with Donna as soon as I can", she paused in the open doorway and focused on Claire's face. "Keep yourself safe too".
Jody shook her head. " What's with you Winchester's and being so bone headed?"
“Tommy! Remember what Father said- No feeding on the big ones. They belong to him!”
http://www.askaboutireland.ie/reading-room/history-heritage/folklore-of-ireland/folklore-in-ireland/legend-and-belief/supernatural-legend/
" Shooting out of their asses!" Claire exclaimed defensively. " And they have knives strapped to their horns! "
Sam blinked, "Wha...what?", he asked distracted by the thoughts running through his head.
“No! No, not at all. I was ah...” he had to clear his throat before he could continue to talk “...awake”
“What? How?” demanded Dean in frustration. He hated chess but the occupants of Crossroads Manor did not play cards and there was no deck of cards to be had.
"I'm not happy about this either but it's the only way to figure out where you hid the cauldron," the archangel tilted his neck to the side and then the other. He rolled his shoulders and flexed his fingers. "Show time!"
" Why can't you do it?" Alex narrowed her eyes.
Claire wiped at her tears angrily. "Okay. Enough of this touchy feely bullshit. I'm gonna grab us some drinks and I'll tell you about the vamps I killed last week."
"Not what I meant", the archangel said quietly. Claire frowned at him.
I changed the word pentagram to it's actual name of pentacle in reference to the boys anti- possession tattoos. It always drove me nuts in the tv series when they called it a pentagram.
The string of curse words from Alex had Claire staring up at her anxiously. Alex never swore.
Link for the fairy/fallen angel lore:
She could hear him struggling but didn't turn until he gave her the all clear.
The wagon came to a jarring stop and Dean nearly fell out as it tipped on its side. Luckily for him, it righted itself and he quickly crawled out of it and moved to help Sam unhitch the horses. Baby bolted the second she was released from the breeching. Bones wasn’t far behind her and Dean felt saddened as they disappeared from view. A small branch hit him square in the back and he cursed at the sudden pain as he doubled over.
“Sir Castiel will be in to look at him after he is finished with Lady Meg. He was to be a medical doctor before he took a break from his studies to help care for her and Crossroads Manor. Your brother will be in good hands,” she assured him before slipping out the door and quietly shutting it behind herself.
Something grabbed Dean by the collar of his shirt and pulled him backwards. He felt a cold pressure squeezing him from all sides. Then, with a popping sound, he jolted upwards.
“Yes. It was.” Agreed Cas as he slipped a cushion under Dean’s head. “We better follow him”.
was emblazoned across it.
"So? Why don't
There was a soft whoosh of wings that announced the angels arrival.
" Hey, hey!" said Jody softly turning his face towards her. " The doctor said  you might experience short term memory loss..."
Dean cringed but didn't say anything as Alex tugged his skin too tight while stiching his wounds shut. He hoped she was almost done; the pain killers were wearing off and he was struggling to keep his memories on lock down. They were still in danger and he needed to be able to fight. Needed to stow his crap and do the damn job.
" Jody, you kinky little minx. Never saw that one coming," Dean thought to himself.  Then he wondered what other surprises the sheriff had up her sleeve. It took a light slap on the arm to bring his focus back to Claire.
The second time was some snot nosed  teenager that worked at the motel where we were staying..he ah..well it doesn't matter what he did. Dad caught us and he put the kid in the hospital."
Jody managed to grab Donna as her legs gave out from under her. "Whoa. It's okay. It's going to be okay," Jody murmured over and over, unsure if it was to comfort her friend or herself.
The vampire had let out an unholy scream and Sam knew she had done something to slow it so they could escape...so he did the only thing he could- he ran.
Claire fought back the urge to pull away. "Not your fault " she shrugged. "I just thought you should know that I understand and if you need to talk. I'm here if need me and I don't hate you Dean",her voice trailed off while blinking back the tears that wanted to fall. "Not anymore." He let her wrist go and she was surprised that she meant what she said.
Dean rubbed his face with his hands. He was beyond tired. He just wanted the latest shit show to be over. Fuck .
Before the fight could escalate there was a soft rumbling followed by a blast of bright white light. Both brothers turned away from it instinctively. Once the light faded they spoke at the same time.
“Do not die” replied Sam with a shrug and then with one last weapon check he began to approach the front doors of the chapel.
"Fairies are often linked with the dead. Especially in Irish lore. In fact, they became demonised by the Christian church, they were the ones who sided with Luicifur during the rebellion and God flung them out of heaven..."
Gabriel stood there among the discarded memories and shook. The man who beat the shit out of Dean as a kid was the same form Alistair had taken to beat Dean as an adult. He reached out a trembling hand and picked up another memory.
" Bullets don't work on my kind kid" it tsked.  Then it let out an agonising howl, dropping to it's knees.
https://literature.stackexchange.com/questions/1144/origin-of-the-phrase-open-sesame/1149#1149
Jody tried to ignore the hypnotic rhythm of her windshield wipers as she made the four hour trek back to Sioux Falls by herself.
"Gabriel has located the entrance to the rift. We should go immediately" Cas announced without preamble.
After a while Dean pulled away. His face flushed and eyes puffy. He took a tissue and blew loudly. Making him gasp from the sudden agony in his ribs and back. " S'rry" he whispered clearly embarrassed.
“Joshua needed help and Sir Gabriel needed the motivation to give it” smiled the maid slyly.
Guy Smiley was in front of him again. Dean tried to say something but his tongue was thick and heavy, only a grunt came out. A second voice sounded followed by a third. The door closed. His mind screamed "DANGER" and he tried to get up.
The three of them were crammed into an accessible toilet stall at a truck stop trying to patch Dean up and make him and Claire more presentable for traveling. Last thing they needed was attention from anyone but especially from airport security. Dean shifted his weight making the toilet seat groan.
“Never better...” replied Dean with a smirk before he passed out.
Cas grabbed him and tilted his head to the side.
"Knock it off perv. Our names are Jody and Donna not
Dean stopped his ranting to stare down at the angel. His jaw tensing, hands curling into fists by his side. "Yes! Of course I am! That goes for Sammy too! Just don't touch the humans ok? End of discussion!"
Heart pounding she stepped over Dean and opened the window. Kicking the screen out she looked down. It wasn't going to be a soft landing.
Dean ran his fingers through his hair trying to remember what transpired but he couldn't. That night was a complete blank as was the weeks before he woke up in the hospital. He cried out as a vicious stabbing pain suddenly struck, giving him an instant headache. "You cured me, right?"
The windows began to rattle and all four men glanced outside. The sky had darkened so much that Gabriel grabbed a couple of candles and lit them so that they could all see the map better.
He woke briefly to see Sam hovering over him, his face streaked with black soot and sweat stains. “Sam?” he croaked.
When it became apparent that the younger man was not going to comprehend what it was he was trying to convey Gabriel threw his arms in the air and walked away muttering about the idiocy of moose.
" Where's Sam? " Dean asked between gritted teeth.
"What demon?"his voice was eerily calm. Donna shivered again. She knew in that moment that Gabriel was dangerous and not someone you wanted to be on the bad side of.
"Where's the popcorn?", Claire whispered loudly to Dean.
"I know," said Dean rolling his eyes " Angels don't need to eat. I was being polite".
“M’Lord?” came Charlie’s gentle voice from the hallway. The maid had the items he requested, her eyes modestly cast downwards.
The women exchanged uneasy glances but none of them offered any explinations.
Gabriel chuckled at Dean's indignation. "Okay so , here's what we're going to do.."
Jody shook her head " I wasn't apologising, Rowena. I was going to let you know that I won't stop her and I'll get rid of your body myself".
“What about me?” demanded Gabriel.
Dean began ripping off the heart monitor cords, and yanked the iv out.
“No! No one is safe!” She cried. “It told me what it planned to do to all of us! There is nothing we can do to stop it!”
The archangel squared his shoulders and braced himself before selecting another memory that escaped from the dam.
The elderly man chuckled at her words. “We both know that is a lie. You have no need to spare my manly pride, Pam. These boys will undoubtedly get it done much quicker than either of us!” He held up his empty glass in a salute to the brothers, the boys returned the gesture and finished off their drinks.
" We should get him dressed" Alex announced.
“Well then I guess you will be eating naked tonight” she chuckled at him while giving him an appreciative look. Her voice was deep and husky and Dean wanted to hear her laugh, certain that it would be as
Dean frowned at her. " What?"
“Anyway, the point is that there are things we can do to protect us and keep them from getting into the house,” said Dean.
" Rowena?" said Dean in disbelief as he changed his direction and ran towards her.
Jody and Rowena were staring stubbornly at one another. Both women had their arms crossed and the tension was palatable.
They stayed like that, staring into one another's eyes until they both spilled their seed at the same time. Panting Cas fell onto the bed beside Dean. Neither spoke a few moments as they gained their breath back.
https://www.teeturtle.com/products/stabby-the-unicorn?variant=24994273353
Crowley sighed heavily. "Right. Never the less, it's done. So, either you help keep the Winchester's away from Stillwater at all costs or I snap my fingers and those bodies reappear and those pretty girls get a one way ticket to the big house."
"Maybe later hot stuff, I have other things that need my attention," retorted Gabriel " Yo, Dean-o! Quit cheating on my brother and get your fine ass over here; we need to talk.
Dean drank greedily. Part of him wished it was whisky but knew that there was no way Sam would have given him any so there was no point in asking. The look on his little brother’s face also told him that he had been close to death this round. Cursing he wiped the dribble of water from his chin and handed the now-empty canteen back. “How bad?” he asked quietly.
Before Cas could answer the bunker door swung open and a very pissy Dean entered followed by an equally pissy Gabriel.Sam and Cas exchanged a worried glance.
Dean pulled Sam aside. “What happened?”
“I was wondering how long it would be before you found out”.
“What?” said Gabriel, who had approached the brothers without them noticing.
"I know" said Sam, his brow furrowed in concentration.
Dean blinks and looks at Sammy's rage filled face.
"It's rude to interrupt! No questions until the story is done Dean-o!" Tsked Gabriel. "Same goes for you goldilocks!" He glared down at Claire "Capisci?" Claire nodded her head in the afirmiative. "Good! Now where was I?"
Dean quirked an eyebrow at the exchange. Part of him was amused by the obvious brotherly dynamics but the other part of him was all too aware that he was in the presence of dangerous predators. Pint-sized predators but predators nonetheless.
"Oh, I'm fine" Donna replied with a sad smile. "Just glad nobody was hurt badly. That's the main thing, right?" She took a sip of her own coffee, her gaze wandering over the crater that once was her home.
The bullet whizzed over his head, close enough to ruffle his hair before lodging into the side of the house. " Hey! Watch it!" He croaked wondering how long it had been since Alex fired a weapon.
Somehow he was back at the table and he had no idea when or how he got there. The hot blonde from before was cooing in his ear while she fed him another drink. Telling him she could make him a star. Dean ignored her and drank deeply. It made his burning throat feel better.
“Thirteen”.
"What the actual fuck?" Exclaimed Jody who was now more confused then ever.
Claire took a moment to collect herself in her room. Pushing back the need to throw up she rummaged through her pajamas and pulled out the new set she just bought.  The shirt was too small but she figured the pants would be okay since they had a bit of stretch to them and the material was super soft so it wouldn't irritate his wounds.
“I can not say” replied Sam honestly, wincing as he stood. Whatever or whoever it was had knocked him into a headstone and Sam had struck his funny bone on it. The sound of someone coughing had both men quickly turning into defensive stances.
Gabriel tilted his head to the side and frowned. "Yeah, why?"
"You know I didn't do this right?" She couldn't stop herself from asking.
Dean started to bend  to put the pants on but let out a hiss of pain.
" What the hell are "wee folk" ", demanded Jody mimicking Rowena's burr.
Frowning,she tried to use her phone once more but it was out of the service range. She put it back in her pocket and shook her head.
“You asked me what my opinion is-This is it!”
The sun was all but gone and he knew more vampires would be closing in-drawn by the scent of the wounded and the newly dead. He needed to find shelter. Now. “Sammy?!” He called in a mixture of frustration and fear.
He tried to hit the small vampire to break its grip but it proved to be fruitless. Dean was quickly becoming light-headed and he wasn’t even sure if his blows were making contact anymore. His vision swam then began to darken. “No!” He fought against it, his fingers were clawing at the soft ground, then he felt it...the smooth handle of the ax. With the last of his ebbing strength, Dean grasped it lifted it, and swung.
"Mike! I am so sorry to have kept you waiting! " Jody jumped up to take the Fire Marshal's offered hand. "I have no excuse..."
"Where is who?" Claire played dumb, her brows furrowed in fake confusion.
A few seconds later Charlie stumbled out of the crypt. Blood dripping down her face. “Help me?” she gasped before passing out. Sam just managed to grab her before she hit the ground. “Charlie? Charlie, wake up!” Sam pleaded while softly shaking the unconscious woman. The maid remained unresponsive.
"Oh", said Dean softly and turned red with embarrassment. "What do you mean by everybody knows?"
The wind began to pick up. Dean glanced up at the sky and noticed that the clouds were dark and the sky had turned to a greenish hue. There was a sudden crack of thunder and lightning streaked across the sky. Both horses shied and reared up making Sam scramble to settle them.
Dean straitened up and took a deep breath, the first in days without wanting to cry, the pain and the need to collapse were gone. "Thanks" he said begrudgingly and shivered in the cold night air.
Sam swiped the tears away, knowing that Dean wasn’t going to indulge in this moment of weakness. They were Winchester’s and Winchester’s didn’t cry. He took a deep breath and then braced himself for the tongue lashing.
Xander cocked his head towards the barn. “Tommy?” Tommy nodded and disappeared inside the open doorway. Dean remained stoic but inside his mind, he was screaming. Desperately hoping Sam was awake he strained his ears listening for any sign of what was happening. Nausea rolled through his stomach and he pushed it down. This was not the time to be sick.
“Sammy, tell him I can do this!” Dean turned to his brother, but Sam looked at him with his pitiful puppy dog eyes and Dean knew he was fighting a losing battle. “Sammy?”
He doubled back and as he passed his former cell he noticed something in the shadows. There was a second set of stairs!
The demon made gagging sounds and billowing black smoke poured out of the mans mouth disappearing into the ceiling before the body collapsed onto the floor. Claire reached out to check his pulse but the man was already dead.
After settling the horses in for the night, the brothers made their way behind the house and found the promised towels and bar of soap. A beaten path showed them the way to the creek and they quickly stripped and waded into the water.
"I don't know", he said finally. " I can't remember. Where's Sam? Is he okay?"
“I have been Dean!”
Dean wondered if he had frightened her as disappointment washed over him.  Then a shadow fell over him and he knew it wasn't him that scared her off. Wearily he lifted his head to look up at a grim faced fairy who was holding a bow and arrow aimed at him.
Dean hated that once again his baby brother was right. “Son of a bitch!” He cursed and punched the stall, startling the stallion who reared back.
“Missouri just found the exsanguinated corpse of the poor dog by the chicken coop.”
Rowena blinked in surprise but gave a little smug smile. "All right then, soon as the welp gets back with my things I'll start the spell"
" Is that Dean Winchester that I see?"
Everything went still. The hair on the back of his neck stood up. His stomach rumbled again.
"You get some rest big boy. I'm gonna get that cauldron." Gabriel disappeared with a gentle flap of his wings.
Sam was struck speechless again as he realised that his brothers moans and the thumping noises that had come from his room a few hours earlier were not from anger and breaking things.
The cauldron belonged to the fairies, specifically to the King of the fairies- Oberon. Oberon was not a fan of humans so chances were pretty good that the demon could convince the fairy king to hand it over.
" First you must listen to the message I have for you from my Lady, Queen Aine.Then I will tell you how to release your friend. Agreed?"
The guards were getting closer. Dean threw himself against the door. It swung inwards and Dean once again found himself sprawled out on the ground. Pain exploded in his chest and head. Biting back a scream Dean barely manages to get up and slam the door shut.
Grabbing the rope she tied one end to the foot of the bed and paused to toss some holy water through the widening gap in the door. The cries of rage from the other side told her there was at least six demons.
“Of course” nodded Cas who was also blushing at this point. “I merely want to state for the record that I have seen you naked and your sex is most certainly manly. In fact, it is probably the largest co...”
“Yes ma'am. I would, but of coffee if possible. I’m not much of a tea fan.”
"Jody!" Claire shouted from upstairs. "Something's wrong with Dean!".
Meanwhile, Dean and Cas broke their stalemate and Dean was now seated in the front parlor, his leg stretched in front of him while they played a game of chess.
" Great"muttered Jody as she followed the witch down stairs.
the same vampire family that we encountered either!”
"At least it's clean" she muttered and kicking off her sneakers she crawled onto the bed and fell asleep the instant her head hit the pillow.
three times and smear some blood on the inscription," explained Sam.
“I do not think it was the same...thing. Look”, Cas pointed at the wounds on the sow, they were long and jagged while the ones on Joshua were smaller and were in a semi-circular pattern...some dragged through the flesh. “Whatever attacked and killed Joshua was human...”
The archangel shuddered but tried again. "Okay, the ...whatever number, is the charm, right?"
Both Alex and Donna sent her text messages to check in and make sure Jody herself was okay. She let another hour go by before checking her phone again. Still no word from Claire or Dean for that matter.
"Ugh. Adulting sucks" groaned Jody.
Dean visibly relaxed in his seat, relieved that it was not a human who was killed. “Wait! You said the dog was killed? How?”
Jody has an unwelcome surprise upon her return home.
Before Gabriel could answer the massive cloud descended onto the house plunging everything into the kind of dark that is so absolute you can't see your hand in front of your face.
“Show me” was all Fergus said as Charlie appeared with his overcoat. He shrugged it on and exited out the back door. Sam and Gabriel bumped into each other as they hurried to follow him out. They glared at one another but Gabriel managed to squeeze out first.
He took aim again and this time managed a gut shot. "You go! I'll stay and hold 'em back!" He feebly pushed her towards the window.
Rooting around the inside of the bag he pushed dirty laundry and books around until he gave an excited cry of triumph as he pulled a protein bar out. Ripping it open he took a hearty bite and smiled.
The door buckled and began to splinter. Claire dragged Dean further into the room. Then she wedged the bed against the chair and the dresser so it was once again flush with the door.
Dust fell on him from above. Then he heard the heavy boots quickly followed by voices. Dean tugged at his binds but the knots held fast. He began to double his efforts when he heard chairs scraping along the floor.
“Penny for your thoughts big guy”
Claire nodded and locked the door once Jody had gone and made a salt line before checking to ensure the other lines were intact.
Sam cast one last look at his brother before following the short man back down the stairs.
Dean screwed his eyes shut. He was so friggin' tired. He didn't want to be awake but the various levels of pain his body was in kept him from blissful oblivion. " Son of a bitch" he grumbled and forces himself to open his eyes.
“I would not worry too much about that. Meg can be cold at times but she would not turn you out. I can assure you that your brother will be well taken care of...as for what you can do to help...I may have a few ideas” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows and Sam felt both dread and amusement simultaneously. “Follow me oh tall one”.
Dean's cell phone rang as if on cue. "Hi ya, Cas. Yeah, were're at Rosie's Dinner in Stillwater..."
Dean wrapped his hands around John's wrist that was holding him. " I told you that I don't know! I went to grab us some fries, he was gone when I got back!"
" She's right" agreed Jody. " Bobby told me about his trips across the veil. Neither he nor Sam have done it without someone helping them"
It's a shorter chapter this round but hopefully it packs punch! Thank you for reading! )
The awkward silence stretches out between them as they wait for Dean to return.
“Missouri, whatever is the matter?” asked Cas, jumping to his feet.
“When? If I was not in your company I was in Miss Missouri’s or your stupid brother was following my every move! I swear I did not kill him! Cas- you know I did not do this! Please, you have to believe me!”
" Hey! No need to drag Dad into this!" Gabriel said and glanced over at the girls who were  comparing pictures. "Send me copies will ya?"He winked and stepped forward, fingers outstretched towards Claire but she backed away from him, almost tripping over her own feet in the process.
“Yeah”, agreed Dean with a huge grin on his face and he pulled Cas closer to him, the other man smiled and snuggled into Dean’s side. They laid there in companionable silence before drifting off to sleep.
"Oh my Dad! You poor sons of bitches don't actually know do you?"said Gabriel incredously.
“Oh crap!” muttered Dean and he began to back away towards the barn, his hands held up in front of him as if he were confronting a frightened animal instead of a deadly trio of the undead.
Claire scoffs " Sure. Whatever you say Hasselhoff".
" Shit!" Gabriel muttered and snapped his fingers, bringing the group inside of Donna's house. "Wanna explain why you have a hoard of demons on your ass?", demanded Gabriel but Dean wasn't paying attention to him, his eyes were locked on the swiftly growing cloud outside.
“Once a vampire has your scent, they have it for the rest of your life...” began Sam but Dean cut him off.
to protect him. You're pathetic". It glared down at Dean and then asked "Are those fucking unicorns?" Both men looked down again.
A twig snapped and Dean woke with a start. His fear ebbed as he watched in wonderment as a doe drank from the river on the bank across from him.The sun was slowly setting and it's light made her brown coat shine with a reddish hue. She was beautiful.  Her ears twitched and she lifted her head. Her body was tense and without warning she bounded off into the dense brush like a shot.
Then he suddenly felt himself moving upwards. Alex fired twice more sending Dean spiraling down like a human yoyo.
" You and me both" agreed Donna as she touched her lips where the heat from Gabriel's finger still lingered.
“Not bad big guy,” said Gabe, making Sam look up the gentle slope where the smaller man stood leaning against an old stone and wrought iron gazebo.
“I tried! I swear Dean!” Sam pleaded.
Dean blocked it with his newly aquired weapon and pushed the fairy back. They circled each other. Dean silently thanking Charlie for the sword lessons when he and Sam had ended up at her live action role playing game while working a case.
Link to the lore I mentioned about Fairy Falls:
" Sorry!" Alex exclaimed, pushing herself off of Dean as best she could and gently pulled the needle out.
“When it moved...it was not like any vampire I have ever seen before...it was too...animalistic” Sam shook his head as he tried his hardest to recall what he saw besides a blur of movement that is... “It crouched down onto all fours like a damn dog!”
“Yeah, they need somewhere to sleep and hide from the sun” replied Dean.
Suddenly Dean was lifted off his feet and slammed into a wall. Alistair walked over to him and gave him the once over. "I mean, come on Dean, you could have at least gotten dressed before you visited me! " He paused and licked his lips. "Then again this will be much easier to cut through. "
"Because it'll be funnier if you two do it..." he trailed off as he got hit with twin bitch face looks. "Wow! You two do that better then the boys!" He threw his hands up in mock surrender "Fine. I can't, okay? The friggin' rift is warded against angels".
"Let me guess- this never happened to you before?" Gabriel asks while raising an eyebrow. "Don't worry about it. It's normal for a demon your age to have performance problems".
thought you were dead," she blurts out, her eyes widening in surprise at her own words.
Claire looked down at the unicorn pjs, her lip twitching. " It's all I could find that might fit him. Jody only bought him the one pair and they're obviously ruined now.Besides, it's not like they're super girly!"
Dean learns about the circumstances in which he had been found.
He was back in the blue room. His whole body throbbed with pain. He felt ill again. He barely managed to find the waste basket in time before he threw up.
"I think you've got a lot more to deal with than I do, " said Jody giving a sad smile of her own. "So, here's my suggestion. I go back and get my situation under control. See who I can spare from my department and reach out to a few others and send them here to lend a hand with the clean up or crowd control, whatever you need. I'll come back as soon as I'm able".
“Gabriel and I were walking the grounds by the old burial plot. We ah heard something moving, found one of the crypts open and then I could not tell you what it was, came running out, knocked me over, and somehow avoided being shot by Gabe. Then we found Charlie...”
“Thank you” nodded Sam in gratitude.
Eyes sweeping the room Dean found a bulky wooden table which he pushed up against the door. He then placed some crates and a very heavy candelabra on-top of  it.
The wolf growled and pinned Deans shoulders down, lowering it's head to rip his throat out...Dean screamed for his dad.
They both cringed as Alex reset the bone in place and then proceeded to stitch the area where the bone had protruded through his skin. Dean whimpered but his eyes remained closed.
The sound of a twig snapping has her spinning around to look into the woods. "Police! Show yourself!", she commanded but the forest had fallen silent once more.
Claire untangled herself from Jody and took a swing at Rowena." You bitch!"
" I don't remember". The pain in his ribs was beginning to ebb from searing to manageable. He just wished he could say the same for his head. He squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the white spots to stop dancing in front of his vision.
"Hey, you two just gonna sit there yammering like a couple of old biddies or are we going?" Dean shouted across the dinner making both Sam and Cas wince with embarrassment as people stared at them.
While Jody was assessing her, Donna was looking around in confusion. "What the h.e. double hockey sticks are we doing in the woods?"
“Alright, uh listen up you two. I know you have never done anything like this before but I think you will be just fine! Remember to aim for the head, shoot first and then chop it off once they have fallen to the ground. Be careful. They are fast and they are strong! Our only advantage is to take them by surprise...”
Panicking Jody swung at the light but it was like hitting a brick wall. Both her arms were throbing from the kick back. Gritting her teeth she swung again. This time the recoil knocked her on her ass.
" You did good kid" said Dean before passing out.
" Just Donna? If you wanted a peek, Jody, all you have to do is ask. " joked Dean half heartedly as he dumped the clothes onto the bed. A pair of  plaid pajama pants and a long sleeve henley spilled out along with a pair of  slip on shoes. " These aren't clothes, Jody. These are pajamas. I'm not going out there in pajamas!"
" Um," Peterson cleared his throat and pulled out his notebook to read off of,"Well, at oh four-hundred witnesses claim a huge storm cloud appeared full of ah "red lightining" and "black smoke". The deputy was too busy looking down to notice the side glance the women exchanged as he continued " At aproximently oh-four-hundred and fifteen minutes a hurricane force wind tore apart some of the house tops before a blinding pillar of white light exploded from, well, from what was your residence Sheriff."
"I need a drink" said Jody before putting the truck in gear and continuing down the deserted road.
Sam shook his head and grinned before he followed suit.
Dean held up both middle fingers at the angel; making Claire laugh.
Pamela had finished the dishes and had sat in a chair by the window, quietly darning Sam’s socks while Josiah spoke. “We’d a managed” she smiled sweetly at her father-in-law. “Though, I too am grateful for you boys. I am terrible at stacking hay and it would have taken me three times as long to do one to your four, father.”
" Baby? Oh! The Impala? You call it Baby?" Jody bit her lip to keep from giggling.
Dean stopped dousing his eggs in hot sauce to raise an eyebrow at him. "So, why are we going there?"
"So, it's Gaelic?" asked Dean five minutes later.
"So, you know where Oberon has them stashed?" Gabriel raised an eyebrow at her.
"Like you could ever keep it shut," Sam said to himself.
Peterson turned a bright pink with embrassement. "I'm so sorry Sheriff! And ah Sheriff!"
" Help me get Donna out and we'll happily leave," said Jody. Her anxiety was growing exponentially with each second that passed. Donna was whimpering quietly.
Glancing around Alex realised that they were standing beneath a street light in front of Donna's house. "Holy shit", she whispered. Claire turned her back to the group, her gaze scanning for possible threats.
The light glinted off three sets of double-rowed teeth...no, not teeth-fangs.
Alistair angrily begins chanting the angelic version of an exorcism, hand pressed against Gabriel's throat.  "
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought you were patrolling at night?”
“So, what kills what?” asked Cas curiously.
“Bones? You named your friggin’ horse
“Strange kind. Doc Walker could not find any reason for it...people were just up and dying. No blood left in ‘em! Same with some of the livestock. I lost Thaddeus and a handful of heifers and the Johnson’s lost most of their sheep and all their boys not long after that, even the Swede’s lost his family and all of his pigs! He lives on the outskirts of town... Then the war came through and took what was left of the men...” He shook his head and finished his glass of whisky. “We sure do appreciate you boys staying on to help. I was uncertain if we would have been ready in time for the winter if it was just Pam and me here to do the harvesting.”
The women exchanged worried glances. " We don't know.."began Jody but Dean cut her off.
Donna realises that she's lost and being stocked by something.
"Demons! And the house is on fire!  We gotta go out the window! Can you climb?" Claire asked breathlessly even though she already knew the answer.
“You mean to tell me that your own father sent you to capture me by yourselves?” Dean let out a low whistle.”I gotta say boys, your daddy ain’t the sharpest tool in the shed is he?”
"Bullshit" said Dean as he took a closer look at the bars. "It's just a bunch of lines scratched on it."
"Sure. Blame the angel. Not like I saved your ungrateful asses.Oh, wait; I did".
"I don't know" shrugged Sam.
Dean blinked slowly. He felt wrong. Like he'd been dropped into water and was trying to move against the current. Noises were far away and muffled. Colours were too strong and vibrant. Faces blurred as he pushed through them. "What the hell was in that drink? Is this what it's like to be drunk? Am I drunk?"he wondered to himself.
“There ah there were more vamps than the kids. They burned down the house...Josiah was..they got him first...Pam was helping me with you when...” Sam looked away and swallowed hard, he then cleared his throat. When his gaze fell back on Dean there were tears streaming down his face. “She smiled...it was a sad but sweet smile..reminded me of Jess, y’know?”
"That sounds good", nodded Donna. "Thanks, Jody".
Hope you're well and staying safe!
“Son of a bitch!” Sam cried and spurred the horses to move faster.
"I thought he was supposed to be the fun one?" Claire teased as Gabriel gave them a look of disproval.
"So, you're an angel?" Donna asked timidly.
"Your information is incorrect", Cas sighed.
“Uh...a few days before the tornado” replied Dean, who suddenly felt nervous as there was a current of anger under Cas’s words which he had never seen in the usually mild-mannered man.
A face hovered over him. White skin shimmering in the moonlight, a dusting of freckles covered his nose and cheeks, a shock of red hair flopped over one eye. Drool dripped from the fangs onto Dean’s cheek.
" Medics cut em off." Replied Jody in resignation.
Jody didn't miss the edge of fear in the witches voice. " How do we gank one?", she asked while chewing on her bottom lip in contemplation.
"They found it," sighed Sam. " You still have yours?"
Charlie popped up with a gasp, making all four men jump in surprise. She looked around the room with wild eyes. “Where is it?” she cried.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, and Dean lowered his hand. "Like nobody knows already! However, contrary to your assumption I was about to say I know you're with
“Save your lecture Cas! I swear I am going to lose my freaking mind if I stay in this room for one more minute!” argued Dean heatedly.
Nodding, Sam shifted her weight to a more comfortable position and began the long trek back to the manor house. Gabriel following behind, gun raised as he kept an eye out for any sign of danger.
Dean frowned and was about to ask what was wrong when he abruptly noticed the flickering street lights. Car alarms started going off while their headlights were flashing. The wind picked up and Dean had to brace himself against it. Black clouds filled with purple and red lightening came rolling in.
Both Pam and Josiah stood to bid the brothers goodnight. To Dean’s disappointment, it was Josiah who followed them to the door. “Pamela hung a few blankets over the fence for you to grab on your way into the barn. There’s plenty of fresh hay for you to make a bed out of, I did manage to get some done by myself before you arrived. Sleep well boys” He passed a lit lantern to Sam before stepping back inside and closing the door. The sound of a large piece of wood being slid into place assured the brothers that the Barnes was locked in for the night.
save them?" Donna asked.
“Oh. That is simple enough to answer.” smiled Gabriel though the smile failed to reach his eyes. “I am the family black sheep. I refuse to play by fathers rules, or society’s for that matter. Cas is the only one in my family who will speak with me”.
" Good!" Snapped Claire. " I hope he broke off his dick"
Shuffling feet, grunting and then a “thunk” could be heard coming from the barn. A moment later Tommy’s head came rolling out the door, followed by Sam brandishing his cavalry saber which had blood dripping from its blade.
The front door opened and Sam stepped out, hat in hand thanking a pretty dark-haired girl before returning to Dean’s side.
Dean grunted in annoyance and Jody tossed a bag onto the bed. "Here" she said.
“Whoa! Okay, enough of the ah manhood talk already! Ain’t nobody here going to see Sam’s...ah manhood!” said Dean uncomfortably.
“Wound a little tight today are we, big fella?”
“Hamlet, Act One Scene Five” explained Castiel.
"Dean! Dean wake up!"
" Oh fer fuck sake! " exclaims Donna. "Now ya done it, Hanscum, oof da!"
“I saw Sam go outside. Everything okay?”
“You are most welcome” replied Cas.
Eyes blurry he looked up at her. " It's just a cold cloth" she explained. "It'll help your headache". His eyes fluttered shut and he let her go.
Gabriel cleared his throat and spoke over top of her.
Donna plopped onto her ass no longer able to stand. Two tense hours had passed since she became trapped but nothing had attacked her as she expected. Nothing had happened, period!
“Behind you!” screamed Dean as he swung his ax, his arm shaking as it made contact with the vampire’s neck. Blood spurted out and covered him from head to toe. The head hit the ground with a heavy thump. “Sammy?” He wiped the blood from his eyes but could barely see where his brother had been standing only moments before the vampires attacked.
“You seem to be having trouble sleeping ever since you came here” observed the smaller man.
“But I’m starving!” Tommy whined.
Overjoyed he hugged the angel. " Cas!"
A week later the chickens were found drained of blood.
Instead he he crossed his arms and smirked at Alastair.
aren't doing anything.
"Dean's not in the rift anymore?" Gabriel asked clearly startled by the news.
“Sssh,” Sam instructed and lifted a metal cup to his chapped lips. "Rest Dean. We’re going to be all right”.
"You are a font of random nerdy stuff, y'know that? " Stated Dean with a shake of his head; "So, how the hell do we get out of here?" Dean was tired. The nap hadn't been long enough. He stretched his aching muscles and a few of his bones cracked in the process making him wince.
Mike gave her a slow smile of approval before sitting down and stretching his long legs out, crossing them at the ankles. "Right. It looks bad, Jody. People are already talking about you and Sheriff Hanscome having some kind of pact to get rid of your houses and collect the insurance money..."
Gabriel meanwhile followed Sam and Dean around as if he expected them to try and kill everyone in their sleep. It was very frustrating for the brothers but they could find a way to alleviate the fears of the man without solid proof.
Once again he placed two fingers on Dean's forehead. His eyes shone with the icy blue glow and then he was tumbling into darkness.
" Who's coming? Where are you?" demanded Dean as panic began to overtake him.
" Bite me", Dean says between gritted teeth.
" Awesome" muttered Dean while closing his eyes. " What the hell happened to me, Jody?" Then he was struck by a horrifying thought. His eyes flew open and he sat up too quickly so his question came out as more of a gasping moan.
" You always have the sweetest screams for me" , sighs Alastair as he grips Dean by his hair and lifted his head, forcing Dean to look up at him. "I've missed you".
" Oh good, he's awake. Gave us quite the scare there, Dean !" A bubbly blonde said as she passed the other woman a cup of coffee. The smile faded from her face as she read the room. " It's bad ain't it? I knew it. I woke up this morning and I thought to myself "Donna, you  better put your big girl panties on, this is gonna be one heck of a day!".
“Too late for that, pretty boy,” replied Gabriel as his grin widened.
"We've gotten out of worse situations," Sam reminded him as he examined the iron bars that made the door to the cell. "These aren't made for holding humans".
"Okay, so get this, it's known as the Celtic Tree Alphabet- each character has a vertical line like a tree trunk and the lines that go through or stem from it are like branches and represent the sounds of the Irish language". Sam waited for Dean to interrupt but no questions came so he pushed onwards "So, like I said, you read from the bottom up- or "up the tree". I was reading about it in a book from the bunker but I only have some of the characters memorized".
Upon entering the main entryway, Sam realized that he had no clue which way to go in order to get to Charlie’s chambers. Just as he was about to ask Gabriel gestured him towards the parlor. Nodded in gratitude, Sam made his way through the darkness easily finding his way to the familiar settee. He gently set Charlie down while Gabriel went upstairs presumably to find Castiel. He pulled a homemade quilt over the now shivering form before turning to start a fire.
"You done?" asked Jody , her eyebrow arched upward.
Holding it like a baseball bat she was in the process of swinging it through the light when a soft but commanding voice stopped her.
“Right. From now on, no one goes anywhere alone!”
. “You what?” was all he could manage to say after a long moment of silence.
She looked up to see a tall , extremely muscular man with a bald head and black eyes. " Fuck my life," she thought,"Fucking demons!".
Sam narrowed his eyes. Dean was entirely too chipper for not having his usual coffee or four hour nap. Only two things gave his brother that smile, sex and ...
Dean opened his mouth in protest but Jody stopped him with what Dean knew was her "mom" look. He wasn't going to win any arguments with her. So he wouldn't try to; instead he said " Screw this!" as he swung his legs over the side of the bed again.
“Children! The two of you are no better than children!” exclaimed Castiel while throwing his arms up in the air in annoyance.
The brothers did their usual nonverbal communication before Dean jerked his head as if to say “Go ahead” and Sam began to explain.
Charlie (he was quickly given permission to call her by her nickname), was a woman of science, and once again Sam was excited to find a kindred spirit with whom he could debate about the validity of the spectral analysis and how it would impact their understanding of chemistry and the elements of the celestial planets.
He coughed and gasped as air pushed the water out of his lungs. The pain was excruciating. He felt himself slipping back down and he panicked as he lost his grip and was swept away by the current.
Claire drew her gun from her back and shot it between the eyes. It disappeared with a high pitched scream. She answered the call without any preamble "911. Now!"
Exhausted Dean dragged himself onto the shore far enough not to be taken by the current again, certain he was relatively safe he  allowed himself to pass out.
Alastair shook his head and laughed. " After all that intimate  time we spent together in Hell, you should know that you can't fool me Dean! I know every inch of your body. Of your mind.The more you pretend that you're indifferent the more frightened you are."
Both the demon and Claire looked down the hall. Dean was smirking at them while casualy leaning against the door frame.The demon growled and dropped Claire in favor of advancing towards Dean.
“He started it!”
Grinning to himself, Dean decided that he should do a perimeter check. He grabbed the salt and made a line around his brother's sleeping form and then added some to his pocket before slipping outside with the ax.
"No, it's older. Like third century older. You have to read it from the bottom left upwards," Sam explained with a sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
Turning over on his back Dean came face to face with the wolf. "Dude, ever hear of a breath mint?"
“Gabriel, where are you going?” asked Cas in confusion.
Cas furrowed his brow and then turned to Gabriel. “Gabriel, do you know?”
The three of them stood just outside the small wooden chapel. The iron cross atop the steeple
"Bullets with a devil trap etched in it and dipped in holy water seems to work just fine though" Claire looked down at it in disgust. She then began to exorcise it.
The trio cried out in surprise when they unexpectedly became more cramped in the tiny space. Dean grunted as the needle was driven into his back and his face squished against the metal of the stall by Alex who had been slammed forward by Claire. He cried out in agony.
Funny how you have a direction set in your mind about where the story is headed and then a porn loving angel swoops in and sends you  into a tailspin with a smile on your face.
was the one doing the crying let alone someone else.
When the dry heaving stopped, Dean collapsed back onto the bed. He was so damn tired. Every inch of him was throbbing, each injury screaming at him. Begging for relief. He was vaguely aware of Claire leaving to clean the trash can. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to think about anything else.
" Why? You going to defend my honour , Sammy?" Smirks Dean.
Rowena glanced back at Dean. "I did my best but whatever had ahold of him is more powerful then I. I canna say how long my spell will keep him here. I suggest you figure it out and quickly. Otherwise, Dean might not make it back next time." She looked back at Jody to make sure the Sheriff understood the weight of her words.
The door cracked and broke just enough to form a small hole less than a second later a demon possessing a  business woman stuck it's head through.
am going to try an get him back to our plane before his body gives out!" She looked at Jody and set her mouth in a grim line. " Fer a price of course"
“A fat load of help it was though” sighed Cas.
Jody ran towards the sound of Donna's voice but each time she got close it sounded further away or it was coming from a completely different direction.
"It doesn't hurt. Just feels like the burning sensation of cheap whiskey running through your veins", Dean explained to Claire, "Lasts less then a second."
“A chapel,” said Cas who came closer to see where Sam was indicating.
Gabriel landed hard. "Ow!" Standing up he dusted himself off and looked around. Though it looked like nothing but darkness the archangel could see the shadows flitting about blocking the tiny pricks of light that were Dean's memories.
*****
" What do you mean you don't know?"
Jody crossed her arms. " We tried calling him when we found you but he hasn't answered."
“Yes.”
Soft lilting music filled the night air and Donna yawned. She knew she should remain alert but she was so darn tired. She laid down on the wet grass and closed her eyes. "Just need a power nap" she mumbled to herself before drifting off.
Sam meanwhile hid his face with his hair as he looked down at the map so that Dean couldn’t see his amusement. As he looked, a small image in the corner caught his eye and Sam became excited “Hey, fellas! Come look at this!”
They were as green as spring grass...or like the sun shining through an emerald...Cas sat there unable to speak nor breathe as the man stared at him questioningly. Then the man’s eyes fluttered shut and the spell was broken.
Dean handed him the wifi info wordlessly. Sam gave him a nod of thanks and logged on. He wanted to learn as much as he could about Oberon and the cauldron.
Pronounciations:
"What? No small talk, no flirty banter? Not even a hello? I must say, Jody, your manners are slipping. No doubt, the bad influence of Moose and Squirrel has rubbed off on you" he tsked while removing a piece of lint from his shoulder.
When he woke he was surrounded by inky darkness. Something felt off. Heart racing he slowly turned and came face to face with Castiel.
Dean waited but Sam remained silent."You were! I knew it!"
"Canada" Mike shook his head a ghost of a smile on his lips.
Dean knew she was skating around the full truth. His stomach started to roll with the all too familiar sensation of nausea.He swallowed hard.
https://www.wordsense.eu/saoirse/
“Brother Joshua is punishing the giant now,” said the reedy voice.
" That's a lad. Breathe. You're safe Dean Winchester, if only for the moment", Rowena murmured while running her fingers through his hair. Raising her voice she called Jody and Claire back into the room, as she started putting her unused supplies back in her bag.The remains of the spell were already burned away.
As he waited for Charlie to appear he stared at the man’s face. He was probably one of the most beautiful men he had ever laid eyes on in his thirty-five years of living. With the smattering of freckles across his nose, he looked much younger than Cas first thought him to be. A strong chin and full lips that looked tempting enough to bite...Cas licked his own as he continued to assess the delicate features.
" No. Not until you tell me what happened! Who hurt you?" Sam's own irritation seems to mix with his frustration as he glares at his big brother.
Gabriel winced wondering how she had gotten them. Meanwhile, Deans whole body looked broken, in fact, the hunter was leaning heavily on Alex now. The raven haired beauty was okay as far as Gabriel could tell; she  just looked exhausted with dark circles under her eyes and a little fearful as Deans big frame was starting to slump onto her, the hunter was clearly about to pass out.
Wincing Dean slowly reached down to pick it up, his eyes scanning the bushes and shadows. Heart pounding he knew John was going to punish him for the screw up later on. For now though his biggest worry was the  werewolf that they had chased into the woods.
"What the fuck is going on?"he barked making Claire and Gabriel flinch.
"Are you okay with that?," he asked then quickly added some clarification to his question "The non definitiveness?"
“Money. Power. Family obligations. The usual” replied Gabe as he looked up at the overcast sky, a hint of sadness in his voice. “Cassie is the youngest of us. Both Michael and Lucifer are committed bachelors, Raphael is unfit to run our father’s new empire...Balthazar is... well he is Balthazar, he would have our fortune spent on whores and liqueur faster than a sailor on shore leave. Our sister Anna is too headstrong for a woman and thus is unable to find a suitable husband...”
“Yes”, nodded Sam, unsure how to handle the situation. The woman was very tiny compared to the six-foot-five man but she somehow carried herself in such a way that Sam felt like he was the smaller one in comparison. They walked closer to the house in awkward silence
This time it was Sam who turned the bright red of embarrassment. Clearing his throat he pointed to the map “Look”
With the first frost came the first body.
fault that Donna's house exploded".
" Sure" Gabriel smiled "As soon as you tell me where you got those fetching pj's big guy"
“I am sorry Dean, but Cas is right. You would slow us down at best and distract us at worst.” Sam tried to break the news as gently as he could but it did no good. Dean lost his temper.
Cas began to launch into a lecture when Miss Missouri burst into the room, her cheeks streaked with tears. “Have you seen Miss Meg?”
"Find what? Cas? What am I supposed to find?"demanded Dean. "Is Sam okay? I don't understand what's happening! I got hurt. Can't remember what..."
“Please, follow me,” said Meg leading the men into a parlor. “You can lay him on the settee while I get Charlie to make up the spare room for you both”. She smiled at Sam and exited the room, her feet barely made a sound on the hardwood floor.
Sam knew he was gaping. He was pretty sure his mouth was hanging open like some slack jawed yokel stero-type.  He couldn't help it. He suspected that there had been more between Dean and the angel besides friendship for years now but it was still a shock. He immedately wondered if that was what Cas had been implying each time he referred to his "profound bond" with his brother...
“Are you one?” Cas asked as he slammed Dean against the sty wall. “Did you kill Joshua?”
"What's so special about it?" Claire asked quizzically.
" Dean?!Dean?" said a far away voice.
The rope frayed above him but not all the way through. It was actually an impressive shot. Dean heard Alex as she cursed and aimed at the demon instead and the subsequent scream told him that she got it. Maybe she had been practicing after all.
"Why does a demon need a friggin' cauldron for?"
“That would be very kind of you. Thank you.” the woman nodded her head.
More signs of blood lead her away from the parking lot and deeper into the woods.
" My gun..." Jody stated but when she glanced down she was no longer holding her weapon. "Ah crap. You're a fairy" said Jody in understanding.
“Thank you again. It has been a pleasure meeting you Charlie. I think I will check Dean once again and if there is nothing I can do I think I shall take a rest myself,” said Sam as he moved back over to his brother’s side.
“No. Dean you can not fight. Not in your condition,”said Castiel with a shake of his head, his hand lightly resting on Dean’s shoulder.
" Stay still!" Alex chided as she tied a knot at the end of the sutures and snipped the end with the remaining thread and needle off. Holding the needle Alex scanned Dean's injuries, making sure she hadn't missed anything.
“Sam?”
" Here kitty, kitty!" Taunted a demon.
Dean's lip raised giving a brief crooked smile. Shaking his head gingerly he pushed the lump in his throat down. "No one  knows..." he tried clearing his throat, "I ah never told anyone before. Not even Cas. Please don't tell Sammy. I don't want him to know." he looked up at her with a mixture of shame and fear.
“Is he
The fairy said something and another answered making Dean aware that his odds of escaping just went down a few notches.
Castiel turned beet red and busied himself with putting away the syringe. “I misspoke. I meant what you said-the trouble or the fighting”.
"DEAN!" Sam warned.
“Dean and Gabriel are going to look over the map of the property and figure out which buildings are most likely to be where the vampires are staying” stated Sam as Castiel placed his medical bag on the bench next to Joshua’s side.
" Not easily. They're ancient creatures and they possess wild magics. If they've teamed up with Alistair...Well, I wouldn't try it. Not even for the likes of Dean Winchester" replied Rowena sadly as she sailed out of the room.
“Who is Juliet?” asked Dean in alarm.
Both girls looked, Alex quickly averting her eyes to the wall just above Claire's head. Claire however gave a little "Hunh" of appreciation. "No wonder he walks funny."
Sam crossed the room and blocked Gabriel’s exit. Holding his hands in front of him like he was trying to calm a frightened animal he spoke softly “Gabriel, we are not crazy. I swear.”
The archangel was back in front of the dam once more. "Well that sucked" he muttered dropping the memory at his feet before reaching for another.
Dean exited his cell and tossed Sam his knife. "Guards are coming. I'll distract them so you can escape. Once you're out you find Cas. I'll look for the stupid tea pot. Meet back at the car!"
“Alright, tis settled then!” smiled Dean as he stood. As soon as he did he realized that he was not wearing pants, just his britches. He lost his balance and fell back onto the bed. Cas placed the candle down on the washstand and immediately rushed to Dean’s side and helped him to stand once more.
“You shh!” snapped Gabriel.
She should have known better than to follow the light. It was one of the first things Sam had taught her about fairies. How they liked to trick night travellers into deadly situations with a fake light. She guessed she should have considered herself lucky that it was just a fairy circle and not one of the rocky cliff tops that she had been lead to.
“Speak for yourself little brother”, corrected Gabriel who was annoyed by the delays. “Just spit it out already!”
“So, get this, the vampires who we fought in Kansas were once members of a seminary...”
"On top of that he's being tortured by some demon when he's asleep and ..."  Donna explained but Gabriel put a finger to her lips.
“Yes”, was all he could manage by way of reply as his throat was dry from all the dust.
He had nodded off without realising it. He snapped awake when Dean eased the laptop out of his hands. Dean muttered at him but Sam just stretched out and kicked his boots off, letting sleep take him.
The fairy whose bow he stole ramed into him from behind sending Dean sprawling close to the lip of the cliff. He dropped the bow and he heard it as it clattered against the rocks below. He brought his arms up to protect his face as the fairy brought it's fist down.
"Oh" replied Cas, "That seems like an unnecessary social custom to observe on my account" he continued with a tilt of his head that made Dean toss his hands up.
“So, we have two different killers. That is just fantastic” grunted Dean as he helped Cas to his feet. While he moved his jacket and shirt shifted exposing his still healing neck.
“No. That is final Dean” said Cas firmly.
Josiah cleared his throat, then continued to speak. “Lots of death happened that winter. Too much death happening now”.
“How long, Sam?”
All remnants of sleep were gone as she jumped off the bed and crossed to the bedroom door. She cautiously swung it open, checking both directions before easing out into the hallway.
Claire found the expected bottle of holy water, ammo and salt but to her surprise there was some silky red rope sitting on the top shelf.
"Those two mutton heads got themselves in a whole heap of trouble and of course Castiel is mixed up in it with them."
"Claire" Dean rasped. The smoke was getting worse. The sound of sirens could be heard over the chaos. "I'm too weak and too damn heavy for you to carry! Go! It's okay!"
Either way she'll have to alert  the girls and have them ditch the guns.
“My name is Margret Masters. You may call me Meg. This is my Uncle Fergus MacLeod’s home. He is away on business for the moment but I expect him to return any day now.” She glanced up at Sam as if she were looking into his very soul.
“Today must be Thursday”, he said to himself and barely managed to duck out of the way as a musket ball hit and obliterated a sapling to his left. Cursing, Dean ran faster, shouting out to his brother as he navigated the dense brush “Sam?!”. Another musket ball hit close by, leaving his ears ringing.
" Cas! " cried Dean.
Tears of frustration were threatening to fall when Jody suddenly noticed that the light was only emanating from the top of the toad stools. " Fuck it" she declared and gripping the branch she swept it along the mushroom stems, breaking them.
" He could have cuts on his back that need cleaning!" Replied Alex " Now help me roll him onto his side so I can check".
Jody hated that she had been startled and more so because
The sound of Sam's voice had Dean sitting up before he was fully awake, hand groping for his gun that wasn't there. "Wasit?" He asked gruffly still looking for the threat.
Dean hurled.
“Jamie!” hissed Xander in warning and the dark-haired boy clenched his fists but said nothing more.
Claire hit the ground, rolled and lay still. He wasn't sure if she was knocked out or just momentarily stunned by the fall.
Sam felt his whole face turn beet red in embarrassment. Luckily for him the maid didn’t comment any further on his britches and instead gestured for him to follow her. Sighing he slipped his arms under Dean’s prone form and lifted his brother once more, cradling him against his chest like a small child. He then quickly caught up to the maid who was waiting for him upon a narrow staircase that lead upwards.
"Wait, is this
"I do. Speaking of which, I have to head back home and deal with the Fire Marshal", Jody sighed. "They think it was arson. Which it was but I can't tell them it was demons who did it."
"He's lost his memory" Jody finished crossing her arms "And has a bunch of other injuries including broken bones."
"Whatever, bitch. I'm going on a food run", Dean announced "Want anything or are you good, champ?".
