Natasha, silent as ever, started moving her hand again.
“And when talking about Clint he was saying something starting with “
“Right?” he murmured.
, and I’m feeling weird and heavy, but Rey’s falling really fast and I need to reach her. I’m a few feet away when
Alex breathed heavily, looking first at Steve then at Tony and the rest of the group, all listening very carefully.
“Shush, I’m still mad at you.”
“You serious?!”
“So we went without further protection,” Tony assumed.
Siblings.
“They have no proof.”
“Don’t talk as you’re not the one who brought them here in the first place,” Steve sneered ignoring Natasha’s thoughtful look and Bucky’s focused expression. He would have dealt with them later.
She took a long breath and nodded to herself. “And I have to tell you, Tony. You didn’t have them after a reckless night with some girl. You wanted them, okay? Yo-”
Steve hid a smile.
“How is it possible?!” someone shouted.
His chest ached.
“Now, you two,” Rhodey called them, “wow! Just wow! You are super cute,” he smiled to Rey, “and you look just like some sort of upgraded version of Tony.”
,” Natasha greeted the Avengers when they entered the kitchen, the morning after.
Hush?
Rey, at least, was smiling.
“It’s okay,” Steve smiled and patted him on the back. After a second of hesitation, he moved forward and hugged him. “It’s okay,” he repeated. “I’ll help you.”
A crazy scientist had the great idea to try recreating a dinosaur, mixing his genes with the ones of some kind of bird - it had to be that way, because the result was more like a dragon than anything else.
He then noticed that Steve and Tony had entered the room. “Good morning!” he greeted them.
“We were,” Alex nodded.
She nodded.
“Guys,” Bruce interrupted them. “Let’s give Alex a chance to talk, eh?”
“You okay, son?” he asked.
“No, it’s not.”
“Cap, breathe,” Tony ordered, touching his arm, and it looked like the world had been turned upside down. Tony was now the calm one, and Steve was freaking out.
He did not have an answer.
A little pause. “It wasn’t pretty. It really wasn’t.”
- would have? No.
“I wanted to enjoy this.”
Pietro looked at him like he was crazy. “Can I know what I did to you?!”
“Okay, we’ve done worse than being Avengers, in our world! And honestly, even before your death I wanted to join!” Alex explained, kicking Rey’s foot under the table to make her join in his happiness. She jumped, surprised.
They cry and they smell… And he would never, ever be a good father. He didn’t even know where to start!
“You okay, kiddo?” Tony smirked.
Friday’s voice jerked them on their places. “Sir, I believe our guests heard you.”
“Come in!”
Maybe he shouldn’t have. Maybe he should have stayed quiet - because Alex’s entire body tensed and his eyes got filled with tears, that kind of tears that come from a man who never allows himself to cry.
“I’m so sorry, Alex!” she repeated, before jumping on him to hug him, pillow forgotten.
made them come here. They never asked for it. So stop being an asshole, okay? They may not be your kids in this world, but they sure as hell are in the other one.”
Rey patted her brother’s arm and made him look at her, moving her right hand as it was a needle.
“You didn’t want me to get down the jet, but when we got there we realized there was no point in worrying. Ultron was no longer there.”
“We’re sorry,” Alex answered, eyes on the floor. “You were pregnant, when… W-we’re sorry.”
Rey knew it.
“They totally had sex!” Darcy yelled, laughing in an almost maniacal way.
“Why should we?!”
Natasha was writing something on a Starkpad; maybe a report, Tony thought. He was glad he had proves that this conversation had happened.
“When I had the chance to be with someone I liked, I did it. And yeah, the end was…” Alex hesitated. “The end was painful. But it was worth it.”
“Asleep.”
He parked and waited for Rey to get off the bike, before doing the same. She looked at him with a weird face and she observed the street they were in.
“accident”
“Hey,” Alex murmured.
I hope you like it, leave a comment or kudos if so ;)
It was the pain and the joy in his words, when he replied: “
Alex had jumped with such a grace that even Natasha had been impressed; more important, anyway, was that, well, he had jumped from the Avengers Tower, one of the tallest of all the buildings in New York.
kids?”
CHAPTER 7
In the meantime, Tony was working on the kids’ fake identities, on the school they’ve been to, their born certificates etc, because he was adamant about protecting them from any kind of doubt. If someone found out the truth… He didn’t even want to think about it.
Even though he had waited years - now that he wanted to talk, the words were filling his stomach, his lungs, his throat, every single inch of him.
portal!” he corrected himself seeing Rey. “And I had to find out
“You okay,
“They don’t need any, it’s the internet.”
“We didn’t let you - or am I wrong?” Steve inquired.
Clint was still on his spot, while Darcy, who was probably twitting something, lowered her cellphone. “Oh,” she mumbled.
“And what about you?” Tony asked.
He shot the kids a look and felt his chest fill with warmth.
’s proud eyes on her… And Tony himself pretending not to be totally over the moon for his daug-no, his… His
He had chosen right.
“Then what?” Jane asked. “Then Ultron and his army showed up with Cyclops’ powers. Then with Mr. Fantastic’s.”
“Jesus…”
It was actually yes, a way to protect their identities for a little bit, but also a way to buy him time to
She blushed and hid her shaking hands - but almost everyone noticed it anyway. Tony studied the eagle and, after a thoughtful moment, he gave it to Steve. “It suits you,” he smiled.
“I never told him I loved him, you know?” Alex murmured then and the X-Man froze, before moving and making him move as well.
“Of course we know! You created a cradle, Tony! A cradle! Just because you wanted so badly to have kids! It must mean something!”
” he realized and immediately shot her a look. Her face was as red as a tomato. “Me too!”
“Friday has already ordered pizza, so in a few minutes we can eat - while we talk about the other universe.”
You miss it?, Rey would have liked to ask, but her voice failed once again and Steve wasn’t Alex, he couldn’t understand her that well. No one could, not there.
“Guys, stop,” he said to Clint and Natasha.
Then they fell into the silence, everyone deep in their own thoughts.
“May the Allfather protect us all,” Thor muttered taking a step forward. Jane, his beloved, was in danger and he would
Steve nodded, still shocked. “That’s why he created the cri-cradle.”
“You both have fifty percent of the Super Serum, haven’t you?” Bruce asked Alex and Rey.
The siblings were fighting each other, in a complex sequence of kicks, punches, gymnastic moves and headlocks that made Steve really proud - they sure knew how to defend themselves. There was something, anyway, that made him frown. The kids looked wrecked and every move was filled with anger and a lot of pain.
In the mean time, Alex had gone back to the gym, where he was pushing himself to the limit - and he had the Supersoldier Serum in his veins!
Rey turned to look at him and nodded weakly.
Kids.
“Fuck me,” he muttered, getting a disapproving look from Steve as an answer. “It’s on, old man.”
They watched the videos, impressed and worried at once.
They didn’t answer, but their eyes showed the pain they were feeling - the pain of something you never knew, but wanted, that’s ripped from your hands.
“And this… Gwen?” he murmured after a second. “His girlfriend?”
“Sorry,” he murmured, repeating himself louder. “It’s just… We’ve been alone for years. It’s strange to be… I don’t know, it’s just strange to have someone ready to take care of you. Especially you, guys.”
“Let’s give him time, Tony.”
“Yes!” Alex shouted, hands in the air in a winner gesture.
“Everything is possible, from another world, isn’t it?” Clint stated.
Thank God, no one laughed.
“I didn’t? Make you uncomfortable, I mean.”
“Oh God, yeah, sorry. Five.”
“Sister!” Thor and Darcy blurted at the same time.
“You did great!” he repeated.
Bruce, who didn’t go to the press conference because Ross was still planning ways to arrest him, so it was better not to get too much attention.
They all stayed there and they did it in silence, because sometimes words are simply too heavy and their absence can help more than their presence.
He took a deep breath.
“Again,” he exclaimed.
He was having difficulties to breathe.
After that, at least Peter ate and drank - while still refusing to leave his bedroom, except to go to the bathroom.
Alex stood up and started pacing, while Rey hugged a pillow and rested her head on the couch, watching him going back and forth.
Tony grinned at him. “Not a word, Cap. Pepper will be here in two minutes. She’ll handle everything and we’ll be back
“No way,” Tony answered.
“Hi, Point Break,” Tony answered while the blonde simply smiled.
, now, and not some other version of me I can’t even remember, and this
, she thought touching her braided hair.
” glare.
“If this is true,” Bruce said, a knowing look on his face, “then why are you not freaking out, Tony?”
“I’m… I’m…” Tony muttered, hiding his face in the hands. “I could never be a good father, Steve. I never really had one a-and-”
“Nothing,” Clint lied. “It’s just something to think about, right?”
He then fell to his knees and threw up.
“Shut up.”
“There’s not a lot to say,” Alex groaned. He was holding his sister and Steve felt that, for once, he was doing it for himself and not for her.
“Okay, fine!” he looked at the kids, who were biting their lips as in an attempt to control themselves. “He spoils all the fun.”
“The second you take a picture of their faces, they’re going to be stressed on all kind of media. We thought we’d save their identities for as long as we could,” Tony answered.
He looked first at Natasha and then at Clint. “He was a great friend for both of us.”
, the soldier tried to make him understand, even though it was all said with facial expressions.
“They are not my kids, heir or however you want to call them! In case you missed it, I never built a crib o-or a cradle for damn babies, I never wanted children, and if there’s something sure it’s that I will never be their father,” he exclaimed, standing up and moving his hands left and right with every word.
, a voice replied in his head; Alex immediately turned, body covered in the armor once more.
“I know that voice,” Bucky had murmured after the call, burying his face in Darcy’s hair. “It’s Stevie’s grieving voice.”
“It’s okay,” Bruce smiled. “We understand.”
Then chaos started.
“I’m gonna shower now,” Steve announced shooting Sam an angry look. He then realized Rey was still holding him like a koala would with a tree. “Hey, princess,” he called her, “you should let me go.”
, she thought.
Alex turned to look out of the jet’s window and said nothing else.
, Iron Man!, by her side, so Alex wasn’t really worried. That’s until that man, that criminal, turned his entire body into sand and swallowed Rey, suffocating her scream.
It’s because I’m creating new memories, he thought. It’s because I’m
His sister moved without a breath. She hugged him from the side and kissed his cheek, almost climbing him to reach it. She closed her eyes when Alex hugged her back.
“No, Pietro. I loved him, okay? And he died. You… You just have his face. Nothing more. I loved him for the person he was and the person he was had been created by everything that happened.”
“Okay, so, HYDRA?” Tony grunted, pizzas now in his hands.
When the kids got back in the Tower, they almost ran to their bedroom - Tony, at first, gave them two, but they immediately refused to sleep without the other near. They also refused to come out for dinner and Steve, who knocked more than once on their door, had to retreat and leave them alone.
“Alone?” Steve wondered.
I’ll die before I let something happen to her
“Never distract,” Alex scolded her. “Just a second and you’re dead, Rey.”
That’s how Steve found them; all in the living room, testing first the suits and then showing Rhodey that they could actually lift Thor’s hammer - it still made everyone beam in pride.
“I’ve always been careful with condoms and chicks and all that shit, and now what, screw everything because of two underfed, super scared kids? No way, no fucking way! They’re not my kids, you hear me? I’m not their father,
He was looking out of the big window, where New York shined in its armor.
, he thought.
He kissed her, wasting no time, and he heard everyone in the room cheer, yelling and laughing; not that he cared, nor did she - that moment was too perfect.
He got up and hugged him, dismissing the others until only him, Alex, Tony and Rey remained in the room. The more the kid - and his breath - got stressed, the worse Rey looked, to the point that she started crying, holding onto Tony.
“I actually wanted to talk about it, later,” Bruce said from behind his cup of tea.
, he thought, shocked - and he was probably right being so.
He just hoped that meant something else was borning.
“It sucks.”
“And all because, with you gone, Asgard needed to save its only heir to the throne.”
under the cockiness, and his eyes filled with tears. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Bucky stood up and smiled. “And we’ll be here along the way, if you let us.”
“Let me-”
“Can I join you?” Alex asked, even though he was already walking towards them.
. I know I’m not… I know we’re not… But Tony,” he shivered, finally looking at him.
But it was something else that got the Avengers’ attention.
Understand and feel what PTSD means.
“Hey, kiddos!” Clint shouted instead, making Rey turn immediately. Alex used her distraction to pin her on the ground, in an action that hurt a lot, judging by the girl’s expression.
Rey knew that feeling so well she felt the nausea rise without her consent; she immediately pointed to the window.
Peter said nothing and kept staring to the sunset, to the city he vowed to protect.
“You kidding?!”
“I can basically hear you thinking,” Tony exclaimed after a little bit. “And I’d like you all to shut up.”
Saying that Peter was destroyed was a euphemism.
“How did it happen?” Steve inquired.
“TMI, dad, TMI!” Alex blurted, covering his ears, and he didn’t even notice the way he had called him.
“When did you start cari-”
“They are dressing up with the clothes doctor Banner and doctor Foster gave them, Agent Romanoff.”
“He went home, his aunt was worried,” Tony replied. He looked at his daughter - he wanted to try something. “He’ll be back tomorrow.”
And her smile broke down in shock.
“You’re okay,” Peter heard him murmur. They were so sweet, in their weirdness - they did come from another universe, after all - and his heart always felt warm, when the two of them were together.
“Everything was destroyed. It was… It was horrible, with all those people laying there, covered in blood an-” he stopped, biting down a cry.
When the movie ended, they all laid there for a few moments, thinking about nothing in particular.
“Oh,” Alex murmured, frowning. “I didn’t need to know that.”
Had he ruined everything?
Darcy bit her lips. “You could post a tweet saying something like
Spider-man had swung into the scene and immediately jumped in the middle of the fight; he had already stopped Sandman more than once and he would have died,
“Stop. Running. I mean it,” Tony ordered.
Rey was nodding, sad. She looked as she was about to talk, but she stopped almost choking on her words.
Great.
He stood up, pacing back and forth in distress. Rey, still on the couch, followed him with her eyes.
Steve stilled and turned slowly to look at it. He then breathed loudly in relief. “Her face is covered.”
Alex sobbed loudly at that, but then refused to admit to himself how badly it hurt. Of course he doesn’t know me, he thought, desperate.
After making sure his sister was okay, in fact, he had run away as fast as he could, taking the elevator to the roof and hiding there.
“I let him die!”
This is how I die.
“Don’t forget we all died, in their world,” Natasha added. “And we might have the same face, voice, body… But we’re not who they lost, not really.”
He looked so excited, so happy and eager to help, that Steve actually felt he was looking into a mirror. He thought about how many times he had tried to join the army, lying again and again and again.
The truth was that almost every Avenger had tried to occupy the kids’ days, going out or in the labs or in the training rooms, to minimize Steve’s absence.
“Well,” Cyclops started saying, but the kids stopped listening, all for different reasons.
“We’ll talk about it in another moment,” Alex murmured walking behind Peter, who paled.
“Yeah, so… Ultron’s dead. Tony - with Bruce’s help,” Steve added, refusing to look at any of them, “made a mistake, but we fixed it.”
“Well, wow!” Clint exclaimed. “It’s amazing!”
Something of him must have told her she could trust him, because she was totally relaxed even if they actually just met.
It was all it took for Alex to break down and start crying; he held onto Steve like he was a safe rock in a river of pain, until his hands began shaking so much he had to open them. Still, Steve didn’t let him go, rocking him like a baby.
Just as predicted, Rey relaxed and started smiling again.
Alex looked at him and said nothing, but Pietro, beautifully amazing Pietro, understood anyway. “We were a thing.”
And that kind of love lasts forever.
there
Alex froze and his eyes widened, before he shook his head. “No, thanks.”
Almost everyone had a puzzled look on their face, but Tony was nodding, moving his fingers restlessly as he always did. “You think they are either my kids, or the result of the cradle I created… Which would mean, you know, still Starks.”
“Don’t scare them, Nat,” Tony smiled, then he took a sip of coffee. “They’re just kids, after all.”
Clint frowned, glancing at his friends, who seemed to have his same thought. “Mh, yes they are?”
“One day they’ll find out,” Steve murmured.
“What the hell did you three had in mind?!”
“Was he in any kind of control? If Rey succeeds and she manages to… What is going to happen?”
And then Steve was kissing him.
He laughed, ignoring him.
He gave her a nod.
“Guys,” Darcy interrupted them, moving fast her thumb on the screen of her Starkphone. “We kind of have a situation? Which is not a real situation, nothing bad, just… People, you know?”
“But, as I said, you don’t have to do anything. None of you have,” Alex murmured and he took another step toward the open door.
“Wh-what? No!” Tony yelled, stopping him from walking away like he had just tried to. “I mean that I’m not the person you should want by your side!” he explained in a hurry. “I’m not good enou-”
, is it right?”
Thor was handling a guy who was electric and Alex landed there, immediately kicking the man and distracting him, so that the God of Thunder could hit him with full strength.
“HYDRA’s attacks got worse. More victims, more damages. Then un-Clint disappeared.”
“Did something happen?” Darcy murmured to Sam, who looked at her in surprise.
Before - and he meant before the kids, because now they were such an important part of his life that he felt it was divided in
It was almost surprising the speed Tony had at that point. He ran towards the window, while pieces of his suit followed him and started composing on his body.
“Don’t let him touch it!” Tony shouted and in a second Thor had his big arms on the boy’s chest, wrapping him against his torso.
too much, but even talking a little was a big, gigantic winning.
Bucky laughed. “You bet, Bedtime Story.”
Rey shook her head.
And in the middle of the lab, looking as shocked as the Avengers were, there was a young man. He was almost as big as Steve was, but with a definitely younger face. His hair was black and the eyes were brown - he sort of reminded Steve of Tony, or of how Tony would have looked with an innocent expression and a super-soldier body.
“You like eating?”
” she whispered in his ear.
, he thought.
Bruce snorted and ate a cookie - in every place of the Tower there was food, hidden either by Tony or by Darcy; the first one wanted to piss Pepper off, since she tried so hard to keep everything in order, while Darcy just wanted to make sure “her scientists” ate something, once or twice per day.
“Okay. But first you have to prove me you can be an Avenger.”
For a second, in a flash, Steve thought about how could have been to have a kid like her. A beautiful, little child with his hair and his eyes (she kind of looked like him) and - no, not her attitude. She was too scared. Too in pain. Too damaged.
smile that made Steve shiver, and the sound increased.
“We have also some tests to take. But first...” Bruce smirked trying to sound as relaxed as possible. However, he didn’t get to finish to talk because the kid threw himself against the circle - Steve really had to find out the name of that thing.
Yeah, maybe it was that.
And it was simply perfect.
“Stop!” he yelled when he got tired of flying around the city.
Peter frowned. “Like…”
“Tony doesn’t understand his luck,” he sighed.
Maybe, Steve thought, this is the chance I was waiting for!
, before he’d let him kill Rey. She would have never faced Gwen’s fate.
Here's a thing I did ->
Thor, and Steve would have thanked him later for it, moved his hammer and followed suit.
Alex looked at the ceiling. “You’re not wrong, but I was young, a lot younger than eighteen, to be honest. And I didn’t have the suit! Or the real-life training I have now!”
“Yeah,” he snorted, “I bet you’re gonna get i-”
Rey bit her lips and curled her fingers as to use her nails like they were claws.
“And we just couldn’t miss the scene,” Bucky added, feeling his heart full of affection for those kids and, above all, for his best friend. He had a “proper” family now, a good one too, and Bucky was just vibrating happiness for him.
“Bucky!” Darcy interrupted him from behind his back, a smile almost as big as her face was. Bucky laughed and hugged her, kissing her forehead.
”, like he was going to call him “uncle Clint”. It’s not a coincidence, guys,” she continued at that point. “We thought they knew us from the news, but what if it was something more? I mean,” she turned to face Tony, “Rey basically has your IQ and Alex looks like your supersoldier version.”
The girl - Rey? - refused moving her head.
“I mean that this world looks far better than ours. It’s, you know… In peace.”
Now, all it remained was the dust of memories she wasn’t strong enough to share.
“Listen,” he hesitated, “I know. I’m a mess… And the things I said? It’s bullshit! An-”
“I don’t know what happened. A second we were all there, hiding and planning a way to fight, and the second after the fucking bridge to Asgard was open and Brienne was gone. That thing closed as soon as she disappeared, but it had alerted every Ultron’s robot in miles. Miles!” he was moving his hands, so angry that the veins on his neck and arms were standing out. “We lost fourteen people, that day. Fourteen. Good.
have stayed back.
“Who are you?” Peter asked and immediately coughed, voice broken by disuse and muffled by the blankets. He was on the bed, his eyes the only visible part of his body.
“Yeah, above all after the Ultron thing,” Clint murmured. Bucky, that at the time wasn’t with them, shot him a look.
Pietro stilled. “I had the feeling you liked men,” he murmured.
“We should see how he’s doing. He looked pretty upset,” Natasha said a couple of minutes after.
“It’s not like we ever stopped running in the last yea-” Alex almost shouted, but was interrupted by Tony, who was pointing his finger at Rey, while still looking at Alex.
They stared at each other, silently, in one of those moments when no one wants to back down, to admit defeat, and Alex distantly wondered when
“Promise,” he said and Tony mumbled the same, breathing in the sweet scent of Rey; she was starting to wake up, yawning and moving to sit up.
But Tony needed constantly work and patience, and sarcasm and understanding. He needed someone who could feel that he almost died and that he saved New York and that yes, he didn’t act as the member of a team, but that it doesn’t mean it didn’t break him.
Rey laughed quietly while Peter stared at her in disbelief.
“I think we should all eat dinner and then go to sleep. We can talk about it tomorrow,” Bruce proposed.
“I know, but that kid needs… I just…”
“One day, years after you built the cradle, HYDRA got into the Tower. They were inside the SHIELD, so I guess it wasn’t really hard for them…” his voice faded, as he was lost in his memories. “They stole a bunch of stuff. You were more worried about other things, but in the end… In the end it was the cradle, that gave more problems. They change it. An engineer, Hammer, change it for HYDRA.”
And curious.
“I know. And
“You don’t understand!” Alex almost yelled as an answer. “My sister, she-she was fighting and then she was… She couldn’t breathe!”
Steve looked up at Tony their eyes meeting again and Tony gave a brief nod. Steve tentatively touched the tips of his fingers to the velvety skin of Tony's cock and gently stroked down the length to the base, grazing over his taught sac. He wrapped his hand around the base holding firmly, and leaned over with his lips parting, hot breath puffed over the sensitive skin. Tony dropped his head back his eyes closing, and his mouth fell open with a moan as the wet pressure of Steve's tongue trailed over the length of his cock. Steve closed his lips over the head and sucked. He could taste the salty bitterness of Tony's precum.
“I can handle the flirting just...” He reached out for Tony to run his hands down Tony's bare arms, and take Tony's hands in his own, rubbing small circles with his thumbs.“I want you to be mine...call it what you want. Stupid alpha instinct. I just don't want anyone else to have you like I did.” Steve admitted with a light blush warming his cheeks. That day, sharing Tony's heat had been the most erotic and intimate experiences of Steve's life. He couldn't stand the thought of anyone else having that wonderful and private entry into Tony's most guarded and private secret.
Steve frowned.“What about after? We could maybe do dinner or something?” Steve attempted again. He understood that Tony was a very busy man, but Steve couldn't help feel as if Tony was avoiding him deliberately.
They kissed for several minutes, exploring long kisses full of tongue and gentle nips with soft moans and breathy gasps. Steve shifted slightly on the bed and tried to calm down his over active libido. “How about we get some sleep.” Steve suggested as he nestled down into the blankets and pillows on the bed.
“Jarvis?” Captain America arched his brow in confused astonishment. “Did something happen in the tower?”
“Really, Steve? I had no idea,” Tony remarked sardonically, caressing his prominent bump. “Jarvis will take care of everything.”
“God, this is a lot to take in,” Steve sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck, glancing around the nursery.
“And what good lungs he has. Reminds me of you, Tony,” the agent joked, listening to her nephew wail.
“Do you like the press, Steve? The paparazzi and gossipers?” Tony asked, face grave as he stared out the window. “Would you like us both to be on the front page tomorrow revealing our relationship to the world? If so, then let’s go to the hospital and throw it everyone’s faces that their two favorite heroes couldn’t deny their irrevocable love for each other and now they’re having a baby.”
Their son finally voiced his complaints when he was passed from one father to the other, Steve resting the newborn on Tony’s bare chest. Their son’s eyes widened more seemingly trying to discover the new voice.
“Hi Peter. What a way to get here, huh? I thought you’d make a big fuss,” Tony murmured to their son, stroking the little strands out of hair. “You are the most perfect thing that I could create with your father.”
“But I like this package.” Tony narrowed his eyes to his protruding belly, rubbing it affectionately. “I’m going to miss the privileges in bed.”
“Stop thinking so much, Rogers,” Tony piped up, staring at his boyfriend tiredly. Steve’s expressions were an open book. Tony could read him so easily.
“See you in a while. Good luck to you both and congratulations on your new bundle of joy.” Natasha ended the call leaving the two parents to deal with their wailing infant.
“Another?” Tony quirked a brow. “Oh, Mr. Rogers, behave.”
“Peter’s will be born today and everything’s going to be different, Steve…”
“His head,” Tony cried, unable to wait, the pain overwhelming him more than the curious and unhealthy need to put feel his son be born.
“Yes!” Steve practically leaped out of his chair and rushed over to his lover.
“Rogers, DON’T YOU DARE PASS OUT ON ME!” Tony threatened though the tone was less menacing due to the pain. “I’m having your son. You have seen more than enough blood!”
“Peter… he’s not crying,” Tony panicked, turning on his back with a bit of a struggle as he tried to catch a glimpse at his son and boyfriend. “Is he…”
“We’re officially parents,” Tony whispered, watching their son sleep peacefully in his lap after being bathed and dressed by his other father.
“C-Contraction,” he moaned.
“Did something happen with Tony?”
Tony had gotten out of bed to use the restroom, waddling into the bathroom. Steve got worried when Tony took a while to return and paused the movie, climbing out of the bed. “Tony?”
“You’ve got to be more specific, Steve,” Natasha admonished. “We need to know what Tony wants.”
Steve gently scooped up Peter and climbed off the bed, pacing the bedroom as he bounced him lightly. No amount of movement seemed to appease the angry child and Tony swore his cries could be heard from the ground floor of the Avengers Tower.
“I know, Tony, and it’s a scare thought, but you want to know something?” Steve paused to press his lips along the shell of the millionaire’s ear so he could whisper. “You are more than prepared for the arrival of our son. Just look at everything you’ve done with Jarvis; with yourself. You have dedicated and sacrificed a lot to make sure our son made it to full term. Think about it, babe. You’ve changed your habits and it’s all because of how much you love our baby. We’re going to love him unconditionally just as we love each other and I think this sunrise is the most beautiful one because I get to share it with you.”
“Nonsense! In this particular moment, Jarvis is the best obstetrician you can get in the entire country. He doesn’t make mistakes, he won’t talk about random bullshit, he doesn’t sleep, and he won’t have to check me for dilation every hour. To me, he’s perfect,” Tony explained, hoping his statement would be reasonable enough to Steve to get them to stay in the tower.
As soon as the pain passed and the surprise of his water breaking wasn’t so much a shock, Steve helped Tony into bed. The millionaire panted, trying to recover from the most recent contraction while the captain disappeared into the bathroom and returned with a towel. “I’m going to clean you up.”
“I love you, Tony.”
“We’ll discuss it, later, Tony, give me your hand,” Steve commanded, taking his lover’s hand and placing it between his thighs, knowing how desperate Tony was to feel their newborn son. Tony held his breath when Steve guided his hand between his legs and his trembly fingers brushed over his baby’s face.
It took Steve less than an hour to reach the tower, leaving his motorcycle parked haphazardly across the freshly mowed lawn and headed straight for one of the elevators toward the residential section of the Avengers Tower.
“THE PACKAGE!” Captain America exclaimed; voice full of terror.
The Iron Man had explained that the last hour was the worst of them all. The time between each contraction had minimalized signaling Peter’s slowly but surely proximity into the world. Trying to breathe from the Lamaze videos, he realized just how grateful he was to be able to breathe and relax for the three minutes in between each contraction.
“It seems silly that Tony talks that way when he’s trying to be serious, Cap. Wouldn’t it have been better to wait until the mission is finished before—
And with that, Tony exited the room, ego big and bold as ever. Steve stared after him in silence, mouth slightly agape as he analyzed the compendium of reasons provided by his lover. They were small albeit logical and the truth of it all suddenly exploded in Steve’s face like a grenade.
“See, Jarvis has all the information in seconds,” Mr. Stark chimed in, smiling so triumphantly that Steve couldn’t help but roll his eyes. It was the type of grin that clearly expressed how much of a genius Tony Stark truly was.
“Jarvis, ENOUGH!” Tony screeched, trying to stop the information coming from the speaker in the ceiling, the pain so unbearable, his legs were starting to give.
“I’ll buy their silence,” Tony said with a malicious smirk.
Tony moved with difficulty out of the arms of Steve and waddled to the floor length window overlooking the lit-up city. It was beautiful this time of night. It was a prime reason Tony chose this area for their bedroom.
“Extremely happy. Especially the millionaire.”
Steve helped his partner off the floor as they started their slow trek back to the bedroom. Tony had clearly felt their son find his way into his pelvis and with the weight at the bottom of his hips and the unrelenting pressure with the ability of not being able to close his legs had him anxious. The thought of the contractions becoming more intense made the situation ten times worse.
“Hey, relax, babe. It’s just routine for a pediatrician to check on the baby after they’ve been born. Peter is perfect, just tired. Imagine if someone put you inside a narrow, dark tube and after many hours, they forced you out of it. You’d be tired and disoriented, too.”
“Let them finish loading the truck, Nat. We need to know where they’re taking the goods,” a masculine voice responded.
“It’s very pretty,” Steve hummed, wrapping his arms around Tony from behind as he tried to remember if they ever stopped to admire a sunrise.
Steve was becoming more anxious with his inner turmoil and his throat felt like it had a huge knot in it.
“Contraction?” Captain America questioned, his brows furrowed. He didn’t know Tony’s personal butler of a computer could input and detect data like that.
“It’s after three in the afternoon, Tony, I think we lost track of time,” Steve corrected. The millionaire must have not realized how much time had passed amidst the labor and delivery.
Jarvis responded, going silent for a moment.
Both men eventually moved out of the bedroom and into the living room. The lights were dimmed per Tony’s request, seemingly becoming too sensitive to them. The darkness welcomed them wholeheartedly as he waddled lazily through their home in nothing but a pair of flannel pajama pants. Steve followed him like a lost puppy, more so for his own security as he didn’t want to be elsewhere if Tony suddenly needed him. With each contraction, some were able to be handled with humor on Tony’s part and others were not. Their son was moving quickly. He’d be here in no time.
“I think it’s too late to return the package,” Captain America teased.
“Okay,” Steve said, letting out a deep sigh and shaking out his nerves. “Let’s do it.”
“You’re very observant, Captain
“And…am I already an aunt?” the Black Widow asked hopefully.
“Christ, he’s still trying to convince me with the name,” Steve mumbled to himself as he put his hands up in surrender. “Alright, Tony, you win. The answer is Peter.”
“Yes, well, fuck, I don’t know,” Tony cried hoarsely. “The shit hurts regardless. And don’t you dare scold me on the use of language either!” Tony suddenly cried out, face splitting into this expression that could only indicate that something big was happening.
Steve’s eyes widened. “You can’t do that! JARVIS! TELL HIM HE CAN’T PUSH!”
“Damnit, Jarvis, I don’t have time for games,” Steve snapped. “You know perfectly well who I am! Please open the doors!” The captain pressed his hands against the glass doors as if that would hurry his allowance.
“Do you think something’s hurting him? I don’t like the way he’s crying,” Steve asked, voice laden with worry. He glanced over at Tony who seemed to be dealing with his own internal dilemma. “Tony?”
It was one thing to see organs and blood, but it was another to have the weight of his partner’s life and son’s in his hands, no matter how much help Jarvis was. Steve felt he was entering a range where making mistakes could be fatal to his way of life. The captain tries to push away the wayward thoughts, finally breathing again and fixing his gaze back on Tony. The millionaire’s face was screwed up in pain and Steve had never seen the man with such a degree of suffering accentuated in his muscles and practically sopping in sweat. Despite it all, the Iron Man was determined.
“I’m in the tub,” he whispered tiredly. “Do you want to join the party?”
“You understand that we’ve made it to the finish line,” Tony whispered, eyes closed as he tried to control the terror that was seizing him. The update from Jarvis had him unsettled and anxious. “Help me to the room, Steve.”
“Of course, answer the call,” Tony answered, adjusting the baby again so he was resting on his chest, little Peter stirring lazily in the blankets. “Hello, agent, good morning.”
Realization dawned on the captain. “That’s it.” He smirked at the sheer terror on his lover’s face as he remained petrified from the pearly liquid dribbling down his chest and staining the edges of the robe.
“Rogers, get rid of that shit!” Tony snapped from his spot, the pain finally causing him to drop to the floor.
Jarvis responded.
Steve furrowed his brows. “Tony couldn’t have done that. I left this place less than five hours ago and there wasn’t any extra security protocol. Tony doesn’t need me to verify my identity.”
Steve rolled his eyes and approached the tub, grabbing the stainless-steel stool from its corner and sitting next to the tub. He rolled up his sleeves and tested the water, realizing it was borderline scalding. It seemed to satisfy the millionaire so the captain didn’t comment on it. He encouraged Tony to lean forward so he could massage his hips and lower back.
“Steve, I can’t put a stop to this,” Tony informed, his hand searching out Steve’s hand and gripping his wrist as peered up into his eyes with an expression of security laden with fear. The captain knew there was no way out. It was as if the two had this silent connection; one where the pregnant man trusted Captain America—that it was good to fear but to never give up.
Jarvis gave him instructions on how to disinfect his hands so he could use the supplies in the container. Steve lay everything out on the bed, surprised at the few things needed for childbirth; a pair of scissors, tweezers, gauze, and a scalpel. Steve didn’t want to know what in the world a scalpel would be used for during childbirth and tried to block off the images. Steve noticed a rubber bulb and remembered watching movies were doctors would use the item to suction the mucus out of the baby’s lungs. With each item that Steve removed from the container, Jarvis explained their purpose as he grabbed a pair of latex gloves and secured them over his hands.
“You’re a good boy, little one. Let’s let mom rest,” Steve cooed to his son, kissing his forehead tenderly and nestling the baby in his big arms. The captain walked with Peter into the living room and stopped by the floor length window were Tony had been only hours ago. He sighed audibly, glancing down at his son happily asleep. The captain wondered if he could be any happier and more fortunate than he was in this current lifetime.
“I’m not so sure about this, Tony.”
“No, Jarvis, thank you. Just attach the reports with the final report after delivery.”
“Jarvis is a voice.”
Steve was quick to kneel behind Tony and massage his hips, Tony growling as he did and mumbling incoherent words. The contraction seemed to last longer than the previous ones based on the duration and Steve admired his lover’s rounded buttocks and strong thighs until he saw clear liquid trailing down Tony’s thighs and into a puddle in his pajama pants.
“I can’t drink coffee, but… I WANT COFFEE! NO TEA! I’M NOT A DAMN BRIT!” Tony whimpered, settling on the floor and resting his head against one of the cabinet doors, He was already tired of all this. He had been in labor too long for comfort. “Jarvis…”
“See, he’s going to handle everything,” Tony remarked, pointing to the ceiling.
Jarvis answered for Tony.
Steve found himself in the baby’s nursery, realization hitting him like a brick wall. Everything would change by tomorrow. This room would be occupied with a little infant. They were going to be parents.
“I don’t know how you get me to agree to your crazy ideas,” Steve teased, placing his hand over Tony’s resting on his cheek.
“Tony!” Steve called out, finding the residential area nearly pitch black save for the blaring EXIT signs in neon lighting. “Jarvis, let me in.”
Despite the confusion still emanating with in the Captain, Steve finally moved forward, pulling Tony into his arms, a million questions flitting through his mind that he wanted to ask the pregnant man. He refrained from bombarding Tony with questions, holding Iron Man from behind as his hands traveled tenderly to Tony’s waist and gently massaging his hips and belly just as they had practiced during Lamaze classes that the millionaire insisted they watch on YouTube. Both men remained silent during that long, agonizing minute until the contraction finally subsided.
“ONLY US, TONY!”
“You won’t lose any privileges. Let’s just say that they’ll be on pause until we order another package.”
“Steve, do you think I hid all this because of the changes to my figure or the fact that they’d talk about an Iron Man mom?” Tony asked incredulously. “I’ve thought a lot about this—about the multitude of enemies who are capable of hurting of us if they knew that we possessed something valuable—something incalculable that could put us both on our knees in a heartbeat. Having Peter means having a vulnerable side; an Achilles heel where every enemy could tear us apart in a second.” Tony shifted the infant in his arm so that he was cradling him closer. “During my entire pregnancy, those thoughts have plagued me. Now, he’s finally here and it’s terrifying, Steve. I can’t imagine a life without him, now. I don’t see myself allowing anyone to lay a finger on him or kill him without mercy.”
“You’re always making decisions without consulting me, Tony. He’s my son, too, Tony, and I care about the health for you both. Steve lowered his eyes helplessly, stroking the bridge of his nose in a vain attempt to control his courage of the situation.
“…that the baby is getting closer. This contraction hurt more than the previous ones,” Tony explained as he struggled to get out of the tub, Steve jumping at the chance to help his boyfriend out of the tub. “Let’s go for a walk before the pain becomes so severe that I want to rip off your balls.”
While Captain America and Iron Man waited patiently—maybe impatiently, depending on how one would look at the situation—for their arrival of their new son, Steve reminisced on how he had fallen for the egocentric millionaire. For a long while, it was an oddity. They snuck around, keeping their relationship in the dark and away from prying eyes until their battle mates started putting two and two together and figured out Captain America and Iron Man were more than battle mates and friends. Natasha was the first to find out. Some way or another, the Russian was able to deduce the first time he had sex with Tony. Since then, Romanoff was his confidante and cover whenever he and Tony needed to get away for a bit. She was possibly going to be the god mother of the baby if Steve had control over it.
“Arrrgh,” Tony moaned, hands flailing for purchase, looking for Steve.
“Did you find a pediatrician?”
“Go home, Steve, we’ll cover for you,” Natasha interrupted Clint over the radio connection.
Steve grabbed the medical box and blankets and returned to their bedroom. He found tony in bed on his hands and knees with a pillow tucked beneath him. He was rocking side to side, eyes closed as he seemed to be focusing on his breathing. The captain set the box and blankets near Tony’s feet and carefully climbed into the bed.
“Two hours ago?”
“Yes, Tony. That’s Peter.”
“Oh, you both sound very happy,” Natasha remarked.
“Why are you still standing there?” The millionaire asked, glancing over his shoulder at the man still hovered by the doorway. “Come and hug me.”
“I think I need to sleep for a whole month at least,” Tony whispered, eyes heavy lidded. He cradled little Peter closer enjoying the first contact between mom and baby. “
“Cap?” Came Clint’s staticky voice, as he tapped his earpiece as if that would suddenly resolve the issue. “Hello? Can anyone hear me? The noise is hellish. I think someone’s messing with signal!” Clint examined his surroundings, searching for the culprit responsible for the interference.
“IT’S JUST YOU AND ME!” Captain America yelled as he chased Tony into the large living room. For someone in labor and heavily pregnant, he was able to move rather quickly.
Jarvis responded.
“Send Happy. Give him the details of the situation and keep it discreet. He’ll know how to handle everything,” Tony ordered. “Let me know when they’ve arrived.”
Jarvis interrupted their tender moment.
“It’s better to just tell the truth. We’re not the only ones who’ve gone through this, Tony. There’s others out there who are not so common or known, but it happens.”
“Yes, Tony,” Steve sighed. “The hospital. The baby’s coming. We need to go.”
They both laughed at Tony’s comment as their little subliminal messages and comments always humored the other. Although Steve will never fully understand how he’s managed to deal with the whirlwind that is Tony Stark with all his ideas, inventions, and hyperactivity, he is certain that he expects their son to be more leisurely, more like the captain. For the time being, Steve needed to focus on his lover. They were alone and with the new exotic invention equipped in Jarvis in order to avoid a public scandal.
“Yes?”
“Sir, the package is going to be delivered today,” Jarvis responded.
Tony didn’t say anything, just simply nodded and moved to lie on his side and spread his legs. He felt the pressure give way some resting like this and let the blond man clean him up before getting rid of the stained clothes and damp towel. Steve sat on the edge of the bed and realized just how much the Iron Man’s behavior had changed since their son had descended further into the birth canal. He was no longer jubilant and joking and it worried him a bit to the point that he was starting to doubt that Tony could handle delivery.
“Uh huh,” Steve nodded. “Little Peter took his sweet time. Why don’t you come to the tower and meet your nephew?” The captain watched as his son gave a big yawn before his little bow lips trembled and he released a loud and shrill wail, surprising the new parents.
“It’s okay, I’m fine,” Steve assured, though his body language indicated anything but. His hands were trembly and his breathing was still rapid.
“Yeah, well I figured relaxing in the water was better than peeing.”
“Tony…” Steve murmured, approaching the man but stopped in his tracks when Iron Man let a low growl slip out.
“Oh come on, Steve,” Tony pouted. “You’ll hurt Jarvis’ feelings.”
Jarvis spoke through a small speaker next to the secured doors.
“Relax, Tony, just let it happen,” Steve encouraged, pressing a chaste kiss against the top of his head as he continued to knead his back.
“I didn’t feel the little weight of Peter on my chest and it woke me up,” Tony explained, limping closer to them and observing his son in his lover’s arms. “You can’t hoard him like that, let alone give him a great speech about me. It’s not fair. I have words for him, too…”
“Hey, hey, calm down, I’m right here. Let me help,” Steve murmured as he pressed a kiss to the base of Tony’s neck and gently peeled the fabric down and off his legs.
“You cut the cord and I’ll take care of keeping him warm,” Tony dictated, removing the wet towel and cradling their son close against his bare chest. Steve was about to protest, thinking Tony was going to get up and get the baby his clothes but immediately settled when he realized just how important skin to skin contact was for a newborn.
” Tony panted, his body contracting on its own as if trying to expel the baby beyond Tony’s control.
“Tony…”
“You’re exhausted,” Steve sighed. “You’ve been in labor since yesterday. I’m worried about your health.”
“Give me the report, Jarvis,” Tony demanded, removing the towel from his face and glancing up at Steve who seemed a bit confused.
“Hold me tighter, Steve. I can feel another one coming,” Tony suddenly, gripping his boyfriend’s arms tighter. “Let’s enjoy this sunrise while I writhe in pain.”
“Tony, I think…”
“They’ve finished loading,” Natasha remarked, appearing out of her hiding place to see four men clamber into the armored truck. “We need to follow them.”
Steve swallowed a smile, not wanting to contradict his lover. Stark was known for cursing like a sailor and he figured the millionaire deserved a pass given his current situation. Little by little, the had of their son began to emerge, adorned with a wet mica of brown hair. Steve didn’t know how to express what he was feeling and experiencing; just rose onto his knees, exalted, and moved his gloved hands to Tony’s thighs, not knowing what to do exactly. He wasn’t sure if he should touch him, not touch him, assist with the baby’s crowning,
The captain sensed his partner’s breathing becoming slower and deeper, little Peter still held protectively in Tony’s arms. Both were sound asleep, one from exhaustion and the other from a full stomach. Steve figured he’d let Tony sleep a bit before the pediatrician arrived. He gently scooped up the baby and left the room with little Peter on his shoulder, patting him on the back to get him to burp, mentally reminding himself to tell Tony just how useful the videos were in the end.
The pain had become uncomfortable and unsettling to the point that Steve figured they could pass the time by watching a bunch of old films chosen by Tony. His claim was that Steve still needed some education on movies he had missed in his past. It wasn’t funny to make jokes or comparisons that went over the captain’s head. They settled in their huge bed, accompanied with popcorn and soda. Steve had Tony stretched out in bed while he kneaded his back, hips, and stiff belly. The movies had become a welcomed distraction for a few hours until the pain became too much to even focus on the gentle massages from the captain and the characters on the television.
“You told me you were going to go pee.”
“Are you okay in that position, Tony?” Steve asked worriedly, noticing his lover still had his face buried in the pillow and standing on all fours.
“He’s coming, Tony, I can see him, he’s coming!” The captain exclaimed excitedly, finally able to catch his breath at the amazing sight.
The moment their son left his body, Tony collapsed into the bed, panting heavily. He was exhausted beyond a level he couldn’t comprehend. He felt lightheaded and his eyes were sore from the sweat that constantly dripped into them. Surely, he was going to pass out but a different alarm was ringing in his head when he listened for that telltale cry that never came.
The huge smile donning the captain’s face seemed to ease Tony’s worry as he cradled the infant he just delivered. Steve was ecstatic at the amazing sight before him. The little baby was perfectly content; deciding to enter the world without a big uproar. He gurgled, eyes wide open and watching the world curiously. It was a moment Steve would cherish forever; holding his brand-new son who was content being cradled with his inaudible gurgles. That was, until Tony was on the verge of panicking as he kept asking Captain America why their son wasn’t crying.
Steve smiled wider, wrapping the towel tighter around the squirmy newborn to retain his body heat.
Steve left his helmet, shield, and gloves near the sofa and went in search for Tony. Most of the lighting was dimmed and Steve wondered if that was Tony’s doing. The only light Captain America could see flooded from a room down the long corridor. Their bedroom. Mr. Rogers hurried down the hallway and found Tony with his back to him, head tilted upward and hands resting on his lower back as he rocked back and forth.
“Hey, now, let’s be clear you’re only taking my clothes off because our son wants to be born,” Tony tried to joke but the pain was coming in waves and it was harder to be the snarky man that he usually was.
° ° °
Steve noticed Tony was crying, and instantly felt regret, his heart clenching among himself, as he realized that he had insecurities, but so did Tony.
“You don’t get to fucking decide that for me Steve! Don’t you think you should have at least asked before you decided to go off and ignore me all of sudden for a literal week? I waited! I waited and I didn’t know what I did wrong, but all I could think about was how I was going to lose you! Did you even think about how I might feel? Steve, I love you so much. So, you don’t get to fucking decide to break off this one year relationship without even talking to me. Did you know it’s our anniversary today? Did you know I spent the whole entire fucking day just waiting, waiting for you to come and maybe surprise me. Waiting, that maybe, perhaps I was wrong, perhaps you were just making some grand gesture or something. And the days over, and all I can think is that this is my fault. Steve, I–I can’t keep going on like this.”
When the summer days drew to a close, both wished the days would go on forever, but alas this was not the case. High School was starting for both of them, so on the day before summer ended, the two found themselves talking for hours.
“Steve.” Tony draws his name out. “Please? It won’t be that bad I promise. You don’t even have to talk to anyone.”
Steve shook his head in amusement, reaching over to hug Tony. “They aren’t all amazing geniuses like you, my love. Hasn’t it not been heard of in months? Maybe it was really just time to call the project over with.”
The rest of them looked up from where they were watching TV and shouting at each other, abruptly becoming quiet as they stared at both of them curiously, Tony more so than Steve.
“Cap. You’re the most hardworking person I’ve ever met. Sure, you had the soldier serum, but that didn’t make you for who you are. You’re the person who has done the most for the world, always protected us, and well, if anything, I should be asking you for how did I deserve to be with such an amazing guy?”
And as Steve fought, he could feel his movement getting sluggish, the wound from his leg opening back up, dripping crimson blood almost like a trail behind him, marking his mistakes, his failures, his tragedy. But before he could blink, there was a flash of silver in front of him, until he was shoved out of the way at the last second before he closed his eyes.
He breathes hard, stuffing the piece of paper back into his jean pocket.
“Get your own food.” Steve shoves him.
Tony typed away furiously at the keyboard. “Well, I need to see if I can save it because it’s not just a robot, it’s important to me and to NASA I guess. And I can’t get Thor to go get it on Mars because he’s on Asgard I think with Bruce or something, I haven’t talked to him in a while.”
“Um yeah. Do you know how much effort I put into doing that? I spent valuable time out of my busy day to help you move in!”
“Oh.” Tony stumbled back slightly, his energy dissipating. “Why are you here then?”
Steve stumbles his way into the kitchen, immediately making his way towards the fridge. On a normal day, he would have been up and running out of the door for his daily morning run an hour ago, but it would seem that everything that transpired yesterday had taken more energy out of Steve than he originally thought.
As he watched the ship land, Steve gripped the makeshift shield that T’Challa left him in Wakanda tighter, stiffening in preparation. But when the door flipped open, nothing threatening emerged, instead there was the shadow of 2 people, heavily leaning on to each other. One of them seemed to be a robot of sorts, metal covering her, but when Steve shifted his eyes to the own leaning on the other, his breath hitched, stumbling forward to lift his eyes up to one Tony Stark.
Everything was okay for once, but Tony should’ve known better than thinking everything was going to be okay. After all, Howard Stark had perhaps the greatest reach and influence in the United States, perhaps even the world. With his endless connections, he could easily find Tony, not by himself of course though, Howard could never care enough about Tony to put his own effort towards doing anything for him, but probably hired another person to throw money at to find his own son.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there watching Tony, basking in his presence, but he figured that at one point Tony had stopped rambling and gone back to working on how to save the rover stuck on Mars.
Steve laughed. He found himself doing that a lot lately, far more than he had ever thought he would since being defrosted 70 years into the future. “I’m proud of you shellhead. I knew you could do it.”
“By cleaning do you mean wiping a cloth on it for like half a minute and no more?”
Clint smiles, holding up his hand to dangle the keys from his wrist. “You guys should really be more considerate of where you put your keys. I mean underneath the conveniently placed plant next to the door?”
Rhodey smiled wistfully. “Give me more credit here. I love you Tones, and I-I always figured that you would run away someday. I wanted to help you run away if I’m being honest. You’re happy here, and all I wanted for you is for you to finally have some happiness in your life.”
long time no see? the sad thing is that me updating now is considered relatively fast for me. anyways! thanks for reading! i'm sorry that this chapter isn't as long as some of you may have wanted, i've mostly been doing my tumblr requests instead of writing for this fic, but i hope that i will soon get back to writing this daily/regularly. i would appreciate greatly kudos and comments :)
“Mr. Stark! Where you going?”
“Buck, you saw me literally yesterday.”
Steve sighed in relief. “Yes, please. Thank god.”
Tony laughs before he slips into the car where Happy is waiting for him.
Steve shook his head. He and Tony had been dating for almost a year by now, but often, Steve still wondered what would ever make Tony choose him. Especially now, when Steve sat here, as he watched Tony flit about, glowing under the spotlight and gaze of everyone in the room.
Tony shakes his head fondly at Peter. “It’s okay, I promise. Steve isn’t a bad person. He used to be my best friend.”
How did everything get to like this in only a couple of days?
Tony smiled. “I missed you too.”
Steve just watched fondly, tuning out Tony. It wasn’t as if he could ever think to understand what he was saying. After all, he was pretty positive that 99.99% of the population wouldn’t be able to understand Tony when he talked about his inventions or science, much less Steve, who had barely figured out how to use an ordinary phone.
Tony’s eyes flickered up from where he was currently entertaining a woman who was hanging onto his every word, and Tony’s smiled for a second, a genuine smile, before turning his attention back to the woman in front of him, who had now practically draped herself over Tony.
Because of course, he could. If anybody could figure out how to save the rover, if anybody could figure out how to fix something that nobody else could, that fucking NASA couldn’t fix, it would be Tony Stark after all. And god, Steve was so in love with this man, so in love with with his genius mind, so in love with his sleepy stumbles in their bedroom before he collapsed cuddled up against Steve, so in love with his annoying self sacrificing streak which made Steve so scared, so mad, but made him love Tony just that much more. He was so in love with Tony’s messy hair, full of knots, tangles, but only for him to run his hands through, so in love with the arc reactor, it’s blue light reminding Steve that Tony was still here. God, Steve loved every single bit of Tony.
Alex slowly opened the door.
“Promise?” Alex murmured and his eyes opened with a soft expression that reminded Steve of a child - a child he, in another world, had wanted desperately.
“Could you let me go now?” the boy requested with a deep breath; Thor immediately left him and the stranger did not lose time. He ran to the girl and hugged her as his life depended on that.
Alex nodded and let the cup on the table, hiding his entire body but his head under the blanket.
“Aunt Nat found you,” and he nodded towards Tony, “in someone’s office. At first, pops tried to stop me from getting in, but as soon as he saw you he forgot everything else but, well, you.”
He took a sip of tea and smiled sadly. “She wasn’t always like that, you know? She… But it doesn’t matter anymore,” he stopped himself.
“Why don’t you try again tomorrow?” Bruce proposed, still impressed and full of doubts at the same moment. “You really think you can help me?” he asked.
He then smiled tightly and left the room; Steve, surprised, found himself moving before even realizing it.
That didn’t mean, anyway, that she couldn’t see the way they kept looking one another.
sister had been in danger, not even an army would have stopped him. They ran side by side and the mutant forced himself to slow down; he kept looking at him, at Legend, thinking.
“Or better,” Bucky, “the Winter Soldier's and the Black Widow's niece.”
“It’s not-” Peter argued weakly, “I don’t-”
And now Rey was crying again, quietly, hugging a pillow because her “parents” were too focused on her brother. “I’m sorry,” she murmured, which made both Steve and Tony turn to look at her in shock.
It almost made him puke, the thought that he actually had to lose everyone to gain that privilege.
“I’ll call Fury. If HYDRA knows how to do that, we have to know.”
“Hey!”
“H-how di-did- how did- how did you-” Alex asked, eating his words every time his eyes met Pietro’s.
“Okay, then! Here.”
, Rey would have like to say. Instead, she held onto Steve and breathed loudly.
Or maybe he had let them, knowing they’re the closest thing he’ll ever have to children of his own.
CHAPTER 10
Yeah, it had been great.
“Tony!” Steve tried again and at that moment all the metallic noises that had been so hard to stand stopped, substituted by the ones of waves. Tony turned and smiled, a full
“The story isn’t really… Well… Superheroes started disappearing, day after day. And then…”
“You’re back,” Alex murmured from his spot near the window, when the Avengers made their return to the Tower. He moved to hug Steve and then he hesitated, looking briefly at Tony before hugging him too.
“I don’t really know where to start. I guess… I guess we can start with you. From here,” Alex murmured. “There was a cradle. You,” and he looked at Tony, “created a crib, a cradle. It was meant to hold a fetus for nine months… Until the baby was ready to… Be born.”
Alex looked at his sister, and in a second Steve thought about how badly, the day before, he had wished to have a kid just like her. He was old and yet so young, and Alex and Rey came as a surprise - they came destroyed, from a world full of war and desperation. A world that left them with scars and nightmares.
He had just the time to say that, when a new wave of energy and electricity made everyone in the lab shiver and take a step back. It only lasted a minute or so, before at the center of the lab a girl appeared. She looked younger than the boy and almost the opposite, physically talking. Little, with a long braid of blonde hair - with a part of the left side of the head shaved - and blue eyes.
“But you don’t feel the same.”
going around as
She was mute, not stupid.
They were resting on the couch when it happened. It was late and the kids were tired, because that morning Bucky had trained with them just like old times - except it wasn’t, it wasn’t at all, because their uncle had died and this one was a different person… And almost exactly like the other one, too -, while Bruce took notes. His interest was both scientific and personal, truth to be told, for the simple fact that Alex and Rey had got under his skin too, somehow, while he wasn’t looking, while he wasn’t paying attention.
“I don’t really want to see them,” Peter murmured before he reached the door. “They’ll want to talk or… They’ll look at me in that way, pitying me…”
“Thank you,” Peter added quietly. “I don’t want to talk about what happened.”
They cleaned the table and took out popcorn and sodas; Tony shot a look at his favorite whiskey, then thought better of it. He was going to try to be a kind-of-father. He didn’t want the kids to have an alcoholic dad.
. And, honestly, I don’t care how long it will take.”
They looked at each other and Pietro fought the instinct to turn around and run, because Alex’s eyes were full of something he never saw directed to him. It made him shiver - it made him want to be enough, for him. To be someone he’d be proud of.
“Thor,” he called him after a moment of hesitation. “I need your help.”
“Don’t drink too fast,” Jane ordered, giving them everything with a smile.
Rey simply smiled, shrugging.
Tony held his breath and looked at Steve, not knowing what to say, and relaxed only when he nodded.
“You’re not just Tony’s kids. Are you?” he asked, forcing himself to breathe.
“I never told you this, back… Back home,” he said and it hurt, that he still thought of the other universe like home, but at the same time it was right. This wasn’t his world, his family, his life -
The fact that Tony and Steve weren’t a couple, too, was weird - and at the same time, a little voice in Rey’s head suggested that maybe that was the reason the world was at peace. Maybe, in their universe, the superheroes’ love had been the cause of all the destruction and the deaths. It felt absurd, because how could it be possible, how could something as good and pure as two people’s love for each other create such chaos. Such pain.
younglings.
“I create it,” he murmured. “Not HYDRA. I mean, at least in this world - I created Ultron. It’s my fault.”
On the other hand, the reason Alex didn’t see the scene, or listened to the X-Men, was that he wasn’t even in the room.
Legend
“Peter’s not my kid.”
What?
Of course.
Tony stood up and smiled, and the girl looked about to break apart. The boy, however, seemed to hold it better than her; he took her hand and all the Avengers, with Darcy and Jane too, moved to leave two spots on the couches.
Rey forced herself to smile and so did Alex, trying to look happy even though Jane’s question had sent them in a black hole of feelings.
“Yeah,” Alex nodded. He took out a pack of cigarettes and played with it, passing it from one hand to the other.
“Don’t!” was the last thing the Avengers were able to scream before Alex jumped, taking Rey with him.
, he thought after a second. Adoptive daughter?
“I should have told you,” he continued. “It’s just that… Our lives were always controlled and spied by the world, each move judged, every word weighted. It was hard.”
“Cut it out,” Steve ordered, taking a sip of coffee.
“Com’on, kiddo,” Tony muttered. “There’s no need to…”
He blurted it and immediately breathed loudly, shock and happiness and fear and pride running through his veins. He knew, of course, that no one in the Avengers would have ever judged him, but still - it was something he had never said out loud, nor told anyone who wasn’t his sister.
That’s when it happened.
“Yeah,” Alex nodded, every memory from that day dancing in front of his eyes. Tired as ever, he started talking.
Enjoy this one, for now, and sorry I'm late!
“One by one.”
Frightened animals, Bucky thought, that learned how to fight back.
In the same moment he got out he had seen them change; a suit had started forming on their bodies, coming out from the inside, like it had been right under their skin - or in their blood… Some kind of nanotech, Tony supposed, that they - or, well, Rey - had mixed up to some sort of serum. In what other ways could their body had not rejected the technology?
The young Avenger paled. With his powers… He knew everything.
“You really think…” he mumbled.
“What’s your IQ?” he blurted.
Darcy stopped and looked at him with the same expression of a doe caught by the lights of a car. “Okay, well… It doesn’t need to be her face. And we could create them two accounts and just let them post things about us, about you Avengers - to let everyone know they’re integrated. Isn’t it a good idea?”
“What the fuck?!” Bucky shouted, shocked. He then took a deep breath and shot Steve a look. “They really
“It’s okay,” Steve said quickly, eyes dry but heart crying. Just a simple “pops” and his chest felt too little to contain his heart, his joy, his love.
“I doubt it,” Alex continued lowly and only Steve and Bucky, with the enchanted hearing, were able to notice.
“Someone took a picture of you,” Darcy exclaimed opening a web page on the tv screen.
“What?” Tony asked him when he didn’t say a word.
After a few moments of silence and doubt, Rey nodded. Then she shrugged, as to say “at least I’ll give it a shot”.
I just need patience, he thought. Time.
“Isn’t that funny?” Natasha smiled, looking at Bucky and Clint, who both turned so fast they almost snapped their own necks.
In the garage, Steve led Rey to his bike and laughed at her amazed expression. “Did I have one in your world too?”
“Yeah!” Bruce laughed and in a second his eyes filled with tears. “I never thought I’d be able to… It’s just… It’s amazing.”
“This is not the time,” Steve shut him up with a kiss - he had the power to do so, now, and he felt over the moon in doing it.
“That would be better, yeah,” agreed Steve in that second, walking into the room still in his costume, dirty of mud and blood, eyes tired but a smile on his lips.
“I’m sure he is,” Alex nodded, hitting the punching bag so hard it collapsed. “Fuck.”
“So it’s just me.”
“He means “what and how”,” Natasha supplied.
“We’re okay.”
When she shook her head, he silently asked Alex for help; he hugged Rey and took her hands in his, forcing her to let go of Steve and pressing her onto his body at the same time. She grunted, but didn’t otherwise complain while the three men went showering.
“Oh, I see,” she agreed.
“It’s world trading hashtag all over the social medias. Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Facebook and all that jazz,” Darcy continued.
“You made them come here from another universe, Tony! They need to rest. They’ll tell us tomorrow, no rush.”
“Yeah? Like how to tame a Triceratops? What about the structural integrity of the pyramids? Was it true that George Washington had wooden teeth?” Tony responded with a cocky grin. Steve just rolled his eyes and shook his head.
Over the course of a few days it had outgrown three different cages and it showed no signs of stopping either. At that point Steve had become concerned that the centipede may have been mutated into some sort of super bug. For what reason or purpose that would have? He didn't know, but he wouldn't put it past Hydra to try just because they could. Tony fashioned a more permanent containment feature for the centipede in the lab. Forgoing cages he installed a large glass cube in the corner of the lab so the bug could be easily monitored and have space to grow. Tony suspected if the centipede had any unique features it would be discovered once it was a matured adult after all they had only found it as a grub.
It wasn’t a particular good feeling to expel what looked like a large blood clot with a cord attached to it, but it was what kept Peter alive inside Tony for the last nine months. It was the last physical connection that remained between them.
“Jarvis, what do I do?” He asked, pressing a gentle kiss to Tony’s hand as if silently thanking the man for trusting him.
The captain noticed Tony trembling in his arms as he gave them a firm squeeze. They were truly going to be parents soon and in a few short hours, they would be three instead of two.
Everything had gone too perfect for the new parents’ satisfaction. After cleaning up the placenta among other fluids in the bed, Captain America and Iron Man dedicated themselves completely to the new being that would demand their total attention for many ears. Oh, the joys of parenthood.
The millionaire was truly exhausted, struggling to stay awake long enough to finish his maternal work. He noticed Steve staring at him with one of those looks much of a puppy who was excited to get adopted. The old man was more sentimental than him but Tony couldn’t help but wonder how much pride was hidden in that look. It was intriguing to know his place in Steve’s heart alongside little Peter stuck to his chest; the perfect combo.
“It’s just coffee, Tony,” Steve commented. “I’ve also boiled some what to prepare some tea. You need to drink something before you dehydrate.” Steve tried to be empathetic but Tony had become more hypersensitive to the aromas, noises, and the natural light shining through the windows.
“Peter was hungry and you had his food ready. There wasn’t really an explanation needed. We knew this would happen. Don’t be such a drama queen, Tony.”
Captain America hurriedly said his goodbyes before rushing toward the Avengers Tower. The captain figured the mission wasn’t so complex that his two companions could finish their mission without him. If he was truly needed, there were other reinforcements on standby. Given the current situation he was in, Captain America couldn’t delay his return any longer.
“He looks so happy.” Steve smiled and pecked Tony’s forehead as a consolation prize for new discovery. “He’s a happy baby.”
Jarvis responded before he went silent for a moment while he processed the scan.
“Never asked for details I'm just saying to fix it so you stop moping.” She readied herself and slowly began to prowl around Steve once he had joined her again on the mats.
“No we can't just drop it.” Steve replied and took a step towards Tony his hands out in a placating gesture. “Because it never should have happened, we never should have been apart. I should have been there for you we should have fought Thanos together and maybe...maybe it would have been different. You'd still have your arm and...and...”
Rey, hugging him with one arm, giggled.
Tony stilled.
Natasha nodded and led them to the living room. They seemed well aware of how she used to work and on one hand she appreciated it, - it was cool not to have to explain herself and her behavior - but on the other, she didn’t know them. She was vulnerable.
She covered her mouth with a hand, while the other clenched on her brother’s arm.
“I actually wanted to talk about him,” Natasha murmured, touching lightly Steve’s shoulder. She then turned to Alex. “When HYDRA separated The Hulk from Bruce… What happened to him?”
Natasha already had some theories about it. She was either born mute, or she became it - it didn’t matter if physically or psychologically. The fact that she hadn't signed, not even once, made Natasha almost sure she wasn’t born that way.
Darcy nodded. “But giving people something will keep them interested and it will gain Alex and Rey the public’s appreciation. They’ll be loved and shipped with everyone and desired… Even before they see their faces!”
“No, we haven’t,” he argued. “I mean, yeah, but com’on!”
,” Tony smiled. “And what do you need to discuss with Richards?”
“You don’t even know…” Alex muttered.
“Then wha-”
“Let me go!” Alex yelled as an answer, moving fast and litterally pushing the other away.
Steve frowned - he never realized that… He was an idiot. How could he not see… Natasha caught his eyes and chuckled. Bucky and Darcy?, he tried to tell her silently.
Electro smiled.
They were both in tension, glazing at the Avenger with unsurprised looks.
Peace.
daughter…”
“Siblings love each other,” Clint shrugged. “Or, well, they usually do.”
Action
She did it again.
: a little inside joke he couldn’t resist to.
“We don’t need to,” Steve answered, kissing his forehead in a way that reminded him of his own mother.
“He’s not-” Alex exclaimed, stopping himself before completing the sentence. He felt like a monster: he was fed with nothing but love by the Avengers and in return he vomited hate.
“Everyone?” Steve inquired.
“Yeah well, would you prefer: when are you going to bring a nice girl home?”
“It’s okay,” Tony kept repeating.
Clint snorted, stopping and glancing at the ground, where he was doing push-ups. “Thinking about children now?”
, they had kids! And not just that - they were in love, in the other world!
Not that he thought Rey actually wanted it - wanted him -, of course.
“We got back to the new place we were living in - we couldn’t use the Tower, it was too easy to hit - and I remember very little of that moment. Just that you told uncle Bruce what happened on the jet, so that when he started turning from the pain you… Threw him off. I think uncle Bucky helped me shower because I wasn’t… Rey and pops… Who knows.”
In a moment, Alex and Rey threw themselves at him, hugging him as their lives depended on it.
Rey was nodding; Alex, recognizing he had lost, did the same.
Finally I can post the chapter! I had it ready for a while, but I wanted to make you a surprise... You can find it at the end of the chapter
“For a few months I was so happy. You didn’t know who I was though, and you should have never known. I miss you, and I wish we could be friends again, best friends. But we can’t, and I can’t talk to you anymore, like this or otherwise. I’m sorry Steve. -Tony”
“I guess I’ll tell him that I never found you.”
He opened the door a little further, too busy humming and trying to remember all the parts of his device, therefore, missing the little smirk of Obadiah which vanished in a second.
“Tony!”
Nowadays, Tony found himself smiling much more, as he talked science with Bruce, who had quickly become his best friend, as they dubbed themselves the “Science Bros”, and everyday at dinner, Tony relaxed even more so as he argued with everyone else, finally fitting in to something for the first time in his life.
Steve’s hand dropped too, his head hitting the ground with astounding finality, a finality that the two of them would be together after all, in death. In another universe, somewhere else, this could have been avoided. Instead, Steve and Tony might have trusted each other, gotten married, had kids, or perhaps, just learned how to be happy together. But here, in this universe, two people laid there wrapped up in each other, two bodies, side by side, perhaps torn apart in life, but together in death. And perhaps most strikingly, for two people who had carried a lifetime of pain on their shoulder, in their final rest, they were finally at peace.
“Guys, please? He just needs someone to like protect him. I think he’s a good guy. Besides he’s probably the same age as us.”
“Your counters? The fuck-- Wait, they did? Finally, it was nauseating watching them pine after to each other for so long.”
Steve watched Tony from the doorway of his workshop, softly smiling in adoration at the sight of his boyfriend hunched over the table scribbling away at plans for surely some amazing plan of an invention while he typed away at the computer screen containing lines of code that Steve couldn’t think to ever understand in his lifetime.
“Dude when were you going to tell me that you turned into a greek god after the summer?” Sam gapes at him, looking up to meet his eyes. “And you’re taller than me now that’s great.”
When an 12 year old Tony met one James Rhodes, the boy learned what it was like to have a friend, his age, to have someone he could rely on.
Peter sniffles, looking up at Tony’s eyes through his unusually long eyelashes. “I’m sor-sorry. I didn’t mean to cause a scene in front of all those people.”
“Kid no!” Steve says about in desperation. “I um-- I knew Tony some time ago.”
Steve looked up in shock, and when his eyes met with the person in front of him, the world halted to a stop around them. It was some cliche scene out of a book or a movie, one that he thought would never truly happen in real life. The other teenager’s eyes were peering into his soul, harboring a depth, a complication that Steve wasn’t sure he could ever begin to understand. They were mysterious, almost cold as if he lacked emotional depth. But at a second glance, there was almost some sort of light peeking out, a happiness, and emotion locked up behind layers sure, but there nonetheless.
Tony squealed from the workshop, a sound he would vehemently deny later, beckoning Steve to come over to look at the screen. Steve couldn’t read any of the code, but in the middle lay a single message from Opportunity.
Sure enough, when Steve reached Tony’s workshop, the other man was hard at work, although his movement seemed to be slightly slower than usual, fingers slightly shaking in exhaustion.
Rhodey looked away, uncomfortable, and this was the first sign that something was wrong, simply because not once had Tony ever seen Rhodey almost bashful in front of him. A cold thought crossed through his mind, and he snapped his head up to look at his friend who had yet to step into the small place Tony had grown to call home.
“Honey. Breathe.” Steve laughed, putting his arms on Tony’s shoulder to steady the jumping man.
“My point still stands. What the fuck?”
The two of them walked around the city for what felt like hours, until the sun came up from the horizon at least. By the end of the night, Tony felt like he had a new best friend.
Steve crashed into Tony’s arms, half sobbing out of relief, half sobbing out of pain. But mostly, sobbing because of the swell of love he felt for Tony.
“I just wanted to see my best friend.” Rhodey gingerly stepped across the threshold into the small joined living room and kitchen.
Tony looks up in shock, his eyes meeting with another boy who looks to be about the same age as him, perhaps younger, whose eyes were an astonishing color of the ocean.
“Get off me.” Steve grumbles, shutting his locker after pulling out a massive amount of books for class.
Some time ago, an unhappy couple gave birth to a son. The young boy had porcelain skin, a full head of slightly curly hair, and sparkling amber eyes. Tony Stark should have been lauded as a prince, treated as one of the most important people in the world. Instead, he found himself to have the most unhappy childhood, tormented with abuse, loneliness, and free of very much love.
“You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.”
“I’m sorry.” Tony says looking away momentarily.
The battle was nearing its end, or so Steve thought, as their enemies began to die, largely due to Thor who was currently on a revenge scheme to kill all of them, but also, due to their new friend, Captain Marvel, as she called herself.
And then, there was the subject of Steve. Steve was certainly something else. The guy found him on the street of all places, giving him a home, a family which he had so long been deprived of. Sometimes, Tony found himself looking at Steve in a different light, as if he could fall in love with him, but quickly pushed it out of his thoughts. After all, someone like Steve deserved much better than Tony, a messed up teenager on a run from his dad.
“Fine.” He sighs. “But don’t get into too much trouble, okay?”
“Tony. You know I’m not good at this! I don’t do this … whatever thing you do at these things. I don’t know how to make all these rich people like me.”
“Guys hurry up and stop gossiping.” Steve groans dragging Bucky by the arm towards his class. Before he can though, out of the corner of his eye, he sees the flash of a figure which looks like Tony Stark, and he stops abruptly, letting go of his best friend’s arm in the process.
The same boy who couldn’t seem to acknowledge him now, but had definitely recognized Steve, the same boy who would now make a crashing appearance back into his life.
“Your father hired me to find you and take you home.” Rhodey smiled sadly.
“See you maybe tomorrow?” Tony asks before he got into the car by the curb.
When Tony was young he was homeschooled by various tutors who would care less about the boy, only loving the money and pay. His only friend was Jarvis, his butler, one of the only people who cared about the young child who led such a unhappy life.
“Stop calling me that Birdbrain. Wait, how did you even get into our apartment?”
Steve Rogers was born a sickly little kid, often prone to asthma attacks or becoming sick with the flu. His mother was terrified he wouldn’t survive the winters, especially when they were too poor to pay for heating in the tiny apartment.
“Kid-- Look, My name is Steve. What’s yours?” Steve sighs, underestimating just how protective the kid was of Tony.
Tony, the oblivious idiot he was, for all the constant flirting he did, didn’t seem to pick up on her connotation behind her words. “What?” He asked, looking momentarily confused.
Opening up the piece of paper, so similar to the first one, he find a small note.
Steve sighed from where he sat at the bar, drinking a strawberry daiquiri, or at least, pretending to drink one as he swirled his draw in the drink. He gazed forlornly at across the room, where Tony appeared to be having the time of his life, although Steve noticed that his smile wasn’t real, instead, it was the smile he wore reserved for the media and the press.
The other woman sniffed condescendingly. “Sure, whatever. It’s not like you did anything yourself.” She turned her attention back to Tony. “So? What do you say?”
Tony looked angrily back at Steve. “What the fuck? That was my one chance to finally make a name for myself, but what do you do? You ruined my life! I know you’re protective but it was literally a fucking --”
Tony was lounging around, currently in the middle of attempting to build his AI with Bruce’s occasional help, when the doorbell rang, disturbing his thoughts as he dragged himself off the couch to answer the door. Normally, the others would be the ones answering the door on the weekend, considering Tony was technically hiding in their house, but today, most of them had gone out to get some stuff back for the apartment, leaving Tony by himself. Tony never did ask why so many of them were cramped into this tiny apartment, why they didn’t seem to have homes of their own, or family they frequently talked about.
. . .
° ° °
He runs a hand through his hair, debating on whether or not he should finally try coffee for the first time, considering how utterly drained of energy he currently felt. Bucky had probably already ran out the door to meet Nat, as he insists that she made the absolute best bacon.
Steve balanced the tray on his hand containing the food that Tony would never think to get himself, as he walked up behind his genius, plopping down the tray on a nearby table before hugging Tony from behind, nuzzling his neck.
Steve jumps down from the counter, running over the snatching the piece of paper away from Clint’s prying hands. “Clint. Give me the paper.”
Tony woke up in Steve’s arms as usual, grumbling when the light from the blinds hit him in the eye. He turned over to Steve’s chest who was loosely spooning him from behind, stuffing his face back into the darkness.
Steve Rogers was trudging along the sidewalk, on his way to pick flowers in an attempt to impress Peggy Carter, the girl he had harbored a crush on for perhaps 2 years, when he met Tony Stark. Steve wasn’t quite sure who the other kid was, as if he ever watched TV or kept up with the tabloids, he probably would have recognized the other boy. Lost in his own world, Steve physically stumbled directly into the Tony, who was looking lost and confused.
Tony grumbled, but pulled himself up to drape across Steve’s arms. “Go take me to bed then handsome.”
The other boy smiles, and he thinks this kid must be crazy to be smiling at someone who just knocked him over on the sidewalk. “It’s fine.” He grins. “I’m Steve.”
“Sweetheart. I promise you don’t have to do anything. I just want you to be my side, but honestly, you can just stay at the food table, if you really want. And then afterward, I’m yours for the whole night.” Tony waggles his eyebrows suggestively.
Tony was fifteen when he decided to run away from home. At this point, he now knew the many masks he could keep up to portray himself as someone who was perfectly fine. He was a genius, building his first circuit board as only a child, and already building quite a few robots, his father having grown worried that his teenage son who would pass him in achievement, in recognition. And so, the past few years, the abuse, the demeaning, condescending glances passed over him grew worse than it had ever been before.
“Our little baby finally hit puberty. I’m so happy for you!” Natasha jumps on the back of Steve, making him stumble a little. He laughs, forcefully pulling her off of him.
Tony smiles softly, so different from his usual playboy smile, and bends down slightly to catch the younger boy who is just entering middle school.
They stopped in front of each other, the tension palpable in the air as nobody dared to move. But the two of them were in their own little bubble, eyes only focused on each other as the rest of the world fell away too. Steve stood there, close to breaking, so close to just letting himself finally cry after so long, content to finally be in Tony’s waiting arms.
“Nightmares?” Steve smiles sympathetically.
“Whatever am I going to do with you?”
Peter rambles on without stopping. “Aunt May said that I could spend that day with you today because my teacher is sick already and substitutes are stupid. And the school already said yes since Mr. Fury is nice. So please?” Tony is about to refuse, not wishing that Peter would get in the middle of all the bullshit that this high school is, or honestly any place that Tony usually went to outside of his own apartment. But one look at the boy’s puppy dog eyes, just pleading for him to say yes, his resolve breaks.
Tony raises his eyebrow in surprise. “Huh. Me either I guess.”
Tony couldn’t breathe. It wasn’t gentle, it wasn’t like those kisses in the movies where everything suddenly becomes all right with the world, all their problems fade away, and fireworks randomly burst around them.
And when Steve finally tore his gaze from Tony, his eyes fell upon his mangled leg, the blood continuing to drip on the brown earth, soaking into the dirt, sweat, and tears.
. . .
“Hey. I’m sorry Tony. I just, I didn’t think I was good enough for you, so I thought if I gave you some space…” Steve trailed up, startling from the sudden anger in Tony’s eyes as he growled.
“Mr.? You okay?”
. . .
It becomes a daily thing between Steve and Tony to meet up at night and just talk with each other for hours on end.\
They stared at each other, breathing on each other face’s in anger, before Tony realized how close they were, noses practically touching each other.
A slight blush crosses Steve’s face. “I couldn’t sleep I guess.”
Tony glared back at Steve. “I could have defended myself, I don’t need you rushing in and saving me every single time as if you were some kind of -- fucking Prince Charming or something.”
Steve begins to walk to his class with his friends, shrinking onto himself after seeing the gazes of the rest of the school. He makes himself feel a little better after hearing the bickering of his friends in the background, happy that at least the important people in his life wouldn’t care very much about his new look.
, uncomprehendingly.
Clint hops onto the counter as well. “Did you heard about Bruce and Thor?”
“Honeybear! How did you find me...?” Tony ventured hesitantly, preparing himself for the worst.
Tony simply put his finger over Steve’s lips, holding him in closer and kissing him. This time it was sweet, truly a scene straight out of the movies or a book. Where everything suddenly seemed alright with the world, and before he knew it, there was tangle of limbs and they stumbled onto Tony’s makeshift bed.
“What about Tony?” Steve attempts to ask gently. It would seem that perhaps the only way to get answers on just who exactly Tony Stark is, would be to go through the young kid in front of him.
Steve turned around, breaking into a smile at the sight of his boyfriend. “Hey.”
Steve turns away from him, but couldn’t get the picture of his eyes out of his head, the same eyes that haunted him throughout his first year of high school, the eyes that constantly appeared in his dreams, although their appearance has decreased after a while.
And in this universe, Steve holds Tony a little closer to his chest. They’ll be okay. They have to be. Because Steve doesn’t think he can survive if they aren’t.
“I don’t know. Sometimes, yeah.” Tony wasn’t sure why he would ever tell a stranger that but for some reason he thought he could trust the strange boy.
“Looks like I won’t have to carry all your thing everywhere for you, Punk.”
“You can leave saving off the world for another day. Eat and sleep first.”
“Hi Peter. I only want to know because Tony is my friend and I only hope for the best for him”
Steve wasn’t sure how long they were just standing there, looking at each other, soaking each other up, but also too afraid, to make the first move, too much history, too much betrayal, too little trust between the two of them.
Tony opened the door to be greeted by someone he had thought disappeared from his life. He found himself face to face with the wide eyes of his best friend.
“Guys, this is Tony. Can you guys hide him and spare a room or something? I think he’s on the run from someone.”
Stepping across the steps, as Steve opened the door, the first sense that overwhelmed Tony was the sense of pure joy from the tiny room inside. The room was probably only about the size of his closet back at the lonely mansion, back what it lacked in size, it made up for the sheer amount of talking as Tony found himself staring back at a handful of 6 people lounging around.
This kiss was a whole mess of passion, dirty, but at the same time, almost sweet. Tony found himself closing his eyes, reveling in the furiousness behind the kiss. It was a kiss that almost seemed forbidden, and Tony was painfully aware that he was kissing Steve out of all people, instead of simply losing himself in the kiss, he pried Steve off of him.
“Hey Tones.” Rhodey smiled in front of him. However, he also looked like he had grown about 3 years older, tired and subdued, in stark contrast of the usual bantering that went on between the two of them.
Steve sighs in exasperation, although he could feel his heart swelling in love for his friends. As a senior in high school, he had since changed drastically from his early days in high school where he relied on Bucky far too heavily. Last summer, he hit a growth spurt, and finally dragged himself to the gym, resulting in well, his physique nowadays.
Steve looks down, to find the very same boy he had seen this morning who had been trailing behind Tony Stark. “Yeah. It’s fine.” He shakes his head, not wishing to dwell into anything with a kid who seemed to be a good five years younger than him, especially one who seemed so close to Tony.
The man pulled out a badge from the breast pocket of his suit. “Hi. I’m Mr. Stane, and I’m the vice president of the National Academy of Inventors. We would like to talk to you about the AI you have made which we had just recently got word of.”
“Peter! The Cafeteria is that way.” Steve points in the other direction of where Peter is currently heading.
Tony’s head shoots up. “St-Steve?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you even like me, Tony?” Steve dropped his head in defeat, as Tony slowly tilted his chin up to force eye contact with him.
Steve pulled away moments later, making Tony groan childishly from the lack of contact again. Steve leaned in for another kiss before noticing the tear tracks present on Tony’s face underneath the ever-present black circles resulting from the lack of sleep.
Steve jolted up slightly. He hadn’t even noticed that everyone had left, too busy staring down at his drink and watching Tony from the corner of his eye.
“Guess what, guess what!” Peter rolls forward and backwards on the balls of his feet, his excitement crackling in the air as if it were somehow tangible.
He walks into class, slumping into a seat by the window, where he sits perfectly shadowed by Thor in front of him, allowing him to spend the time sketching and daydreaming instead of paying attention.
° ° °
The teacher sighs, pushing up their glasses before turning to the rest of the glass. “Class, this is Tony Stark, he is going to join our school for your last year.”
“What?”
Tony looked up to see Steve, before darting his eyes to the clock on the wall which stood at 5:48 in the morning. “Wait - I can explain why I’m awake. So you see this screen? I’m programming a machine that will finally allow me to establish contact with Oppy without worrying about the dust storms and dirty solar panels because it doesn’t have to rely on using the -”
“Okay” Clint nods mutely.
Tony shook his head. “It’s fine, Steve. I was just reading about the Opportunity rover you know? It’s not fucking fair that NASA is incompetent and can’t reach him so they’re declaring it dead.”
Steve stood there in the field, with the rest of the Avengers flanking him behind for support, and all he could do was remind himself to breathe. He wasn’t sure whether it was some new threat that they needed to be ready for, or something else. Or perhaps even, some part of him dared to hope that the ship coming down could be Tony, who vanished in space before everything exploded, and was neither confirmed to be dead or alive. The more rational part of him knew that Tony could be dead, but his heart wouldn’t stop hoping, stop believing that Tony was still out there, fighting and alive.
“Hey. “ Tony smiled, spinning around on his chair to meet with Steve for a kiss.
The kid stares at him suspiciously. “Why do you want to know more about him?”
“Ooh! What is this? ‘I miss you - Tony.’ Who’s Tony? A secret admirer? Thats--”
As all things though, Steve eventually found himself cornered by a frazzled Tony, who looked beaten down, eyes red from crying, and Steve realized not for the first time, but nevertheless, just what his avoidance might have been doing to Tony.
When lunch approaches, Steve rushes out of his class, heading towards the cafeteria out of pure reflex, before hesitating slightly in front of the two huge metal doors which led into the noisy hall. He shakes his head, thinking he was too much of a coward, before turning his back towards the noise and out to the quiet hallways. He is contemplating which classroom he should slip into when he hears a small voice behind him.
The two of them reached inside the car, and Tony went to kiss Steve, but Steve pulled away.
“Hey. Are you crying?” Steve asked worriedly, wiping away the tears on Tony’s face. “Who do I need to beat up?”
Tony pulls the trembling boy into a hug, smiling sadly into his hair. Peter had come into the lunch room, moody and angry, immediately reaching out to Tony who had been trying not to strangle Justin Hammer who sat in front of him. Peter had a notoriously bad temper sometimes, and when Rumlow made a snide comment about Tony, well, Peter started yelling at the other jock. The kid was fiercely protective of Tony, and the only people Peter trusted with Tony came down to only Rhodey and Pepper.
Steve leans against his locker towering over everyone who mere months ago were taller than him. He catches the giggles of girls looking at him and whispering to each other, girls who would be caught dead talking to him last year.
Clint stares back at him with wide eyes. “Dude, I’m sorry.”
“It’s getting lighter. I can finally look up and see.”
“Rhodey?” Tony laughed, before hugging his friend tightly in pure joy. Rhodey was perhaps the only friend his father ever allowed Tony to hang out with, most likely because his best friend’s parents were quite powerful themself, and could benefit Stark Industries, not because Howard had done so out of love for Tony.
Steve sits on the kitchen counter, seriously considering resorting to caffeine as he rolled the dusty coffee package in his hand.
Steve sighs, holding out his hand for Clint to drop the keys in. “Point taken.” He concedes.
Steve sighs looking up from his coffee package which still sits in his palm. “Your busy day doing what? Spying on people from random places and stuffing your face with my food?”
A flash of hurt passed Tony’s eyes, as he continued to watch Steve, who would have been pacing the floor if it wasn’t for the fact that they were in a cramped up car space.
“See you in another universe, my love,” Tony whispered, before the light drained from his eyes, his hand falling slack against the ground, and Steve stumbled backward on his hands, staring at Tony, at his
Before things could escalate any further however, the door to the place opened, and in marched Steve who looked fatigued. Steve took one look at the scene in front of him with Obadiah, and quite literally, exploded. Angrily dragging the much bigger man, Steve shut the door, but not more yelling after him: “And don’t come back!”
