“Wish I could unhear…” Sam was grumbling under his breath although it now made sense while Steve spent more time with Bucky than him.
“I’ve got something under my uniform for you, but it isn’t an injury.” Bucky’s husky voice caused Steve to shiver.
Tony was in shock when Steve asked him out. He never measured up to Captain America in his father’s eyes so he spent plenty of time hearing about how strong and kind and perfect the man was. He’d tried to hate him when he was first thawed, but it was impossible when everything he’d heard was completely true. He developed his own little crush, but swore he wouldn’t ever reveal it. If Tony was crushing on a straight man out of his league, who had to know?
Steve was a bit surprised, but he didn’t mind. Whatever made Bucky comfortable was good with him. He’d been acting strangely all day. “Alright.” Steve stood up and walked over to Bucky.
When he came up to their room, he saw the bathroom door open and the light on. He walked in on Steve putting something in the water. “I prepared a bath for you. It’s got those soothing smells you like and I think it’s cooled down to the right temperature.” He wrung his hands and made a movement like he was going to leave, “I’m um sorry about before. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I can grab a blanket and sleep on the couch if you need some space.” Steve’s head had slowly lowered until it hung anxiously while he awaited a response. Bucky did not like this look.
By the time he had viewed every shimmering eye, he turned his head for a quick glance at his boyfriend. Peter had been shaking a little so Tony hugged him closer to warm him up a little. He fondly smiled down at the adorableness of his shivering spider when the light from a firework lit of his face. Tony was shocked to see the tears streaming down Peter’s face. He abruptly grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. Peter broke down into sobs and hiccuped.
Unlike everyone else, Peter knew Tony like the back of his hand. As soon as the man they’d met in the hotel started raving about this place, he’d known that Tony would insist on visiting. Apparently, they made the “greasiest, cheesiest, most-delicious burgers in the world” and who could resist that review? Tony had looked Peter in the eyes and without speaking, they’d both known they needed to make a stop on the way back home from the technology expo they’d been at.
“Sir, Agents Barton and Romanoff have arrived from their mission. They are in the communal kitchen area if you wish to see them.”
Steve would wake up to Tony just staring at him from the edge of the bed. Tony kept trying to get him to nap and was constantly offering him soup. He appeared out of nowhere every time Steve so much as sighed when he shifted his weight. If Steve tried to lift anything more than fifteen pounds, Tony would wiggle in and take it from him. And then Tony would disappear, possibly after a conversation but nothing more.
“Fuck yeah!” Clint excitedly exclaimed. For some unknown reason, he got hyper after missions as long as they weren’t utterly horrifying, and this was no exception.
It was just every bit of cold air made him remember all the other times he was cold. He vividly remembered hacking up a lung near Christmas and feeling like he might freeze. He remembers his frostbitten fingers because he had tried to find wood since they couldn’t afford coal. He remembers crashing into the icy waters with the plane. He remembers being thawed and feeling the extreme cold in his bones. Yep, Peter definitely needed this more.
Steve sighed and rose to clean his dish. He grabbed Natasha’s on the way. “I’m not a virgin.” He muttered, but no one was paying attention.
Tony looked at his face fondly. God, he would do anything in the world to keep that smile on Steve’s face. The way his skin crinkled around his piercing blue eyes and his perfect teeth shone made the genius feel a warmth throughout his body. It was like the all the brightness in the room was focused on Steve. Everything else was blurred to the background.
Bucky looked down at his arm. Near the shoulder was a drawing of muscular golden retriever wearing a collar that had a miniature version of Steve’s shield hanging from it. There was a bald eagle on its back, but the edges of the wings were red and white like Sam’s. Facing away from the dog was a black cat that somehow had a smirk very similar to Natasha’s when she was pleased. There was the marking of a black widow on the cat’s back. Below the cat was a lizard curled around his arm. It had purple patterns atop dark blue skin. There was a black arrow shaped design down its tail. Across from the lizard was an owl with its wings outstretched. It appeared like it was mid-flight and had a distinctive green tint. Lower still was a whale shark whose spots were shaped like lighting bolts. Close-by was a scarlet octopus whose tentacles were encompassed by a thin line of glowing flames.
Peter ran into the lodge and emerged with the shield in hand. Steve undid his own skis. In a few hours, Bruce and Natasha would find them, covered in snow and laughing hysterically as they made increasingly bigger jumps. At least they didn’t have to worry about breaking the ‘sled’ and their bodies would heal from any bruises in no time. The four of them were still going at it when everyone else came down for dinner. Again, they were like family as they ate and chatted. They even made s’mores in the fireplace.
Tony quickly shut off his tablet as Steve looked his way. When Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony just shrugged and blurted something about table manners.
“Don’t say it Steve. Don’t even think it. I was unimaginably wrong yesterday. You’re Peter’s father. Who gives a shit if the government recognizes it? Who trusts them anyway? I love you. Peter loves you. He looks up to Steve Rogers and you can’t forget that because I’m the worst person on the planet.”
Bucky nodded and looked at the bath. Steve’s smile got wider, “Get in.” Once Bucky stripped and slid in, he expected Steve to go off, but was pleasantly surprised when he squatted down next to his head. “Would you mind if I touched you?” Bucky thought about it for a moment before giving his consent. Steve ran his fingers through Bucky’s hair. His fingers rubbed small circles into his scalp. He placed a kiss on his neck and then moved his hands down to massage his shoulders and back. Bucky could feel the tension and stress he’d been fighting all day melt away at Steve’s fingertips. He closed his eyes and pushed into Steve’s touch. “You’re the best person I know, you know that?”
Steve let out a breath of relief he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. Even though Bucky was more than capable of handling himself on the battlefield, Steve couldn’t help but worry.
Two weeks later, Tony was slumped over his lab bench. He’d just finished his latest improvement on Sam’s wing pack. He’d been up for more than twenty four hours, but the thrill of finishing a project pushed one last surge of energy through him.
They had a nice dinner conversation and played a board game together. When Steve and Tony retired to their bedroom. Steve saw that their TV missing.
There was a whistling and the night time noises of New York were suddenly drown out with a large boom. The sky filled with red sparkles that captured everyone’s full attention. Peter had stiffened a little at the noise, but not too much. Tony continued to be enchanted by the display for a few more fireworks before he looked at each of his team members.
“Thank you.” Steve whispered to Tony after exiting the lime light.” He was so grateful for all the times he’d been pulled out of jams like these by the most amazing man he’d ever known.
**The idea is from Harry Potter, but I won’t be using Harry Potter terms because I want everyone to be included, I can’t spell for shit already, and I haven’t read the HP books in years and I don’t want to mess up that canon (even though I screw with this one to fit my plots pretty often).
“I’ll be there in a second. Stop trying to break my fucking door.” An irritated voice yelled out and suddenly Sam’s face was visible in the doorframe.
“I know what that hotel was!” Bucky’s head suddenly jolted up like a lightbulb had gone off in his brain.
“I know you don’t need them Petey. I give them to you because I love you and I want to spoil you. It makes me happy to give you gifts that make you happy. I’m not doing it as some exchange for sex.”
“You look like a Smurf.” Both super soldiers could hear Clint’s amused voice all the way down the hallway.
But if, like Clint, you had a more serious injury, you were forced to check in at one of the specialized rooms in the medbay which had doctors on call after every mission. Even though the visits were mandatory, most individuals required coaxing from Steve and Bruce or they would ditch treatment. With everyone’s history, they were either too distrustful or doctors, too self-sacrificing, or too proud to go on their own.
Steve lumped onto his mattress and the dog was immediately in his la. “You’re a little troublemaker, aren’t you boy?”
The middle aged woman gave him a soft smile and pointed over at a tiny puppy cowering in the corner of his cell. “This little guy’s name is Charlie. He was just brought in yesterday. He was cold and completely alone so he’s been a bit skittish. Seeing as how you have a way with animals, can you attempt to bottle feed him?”
Tony sees Peter in Steve's room and misinterprets the relationship. He's a little jealous and insecure.
Tony was barely keeping it together with the minimal amount he got. He knew, from his father’s notes, that Steve already had a very active libido since the serum.
“Hi Captain America! I’m alright too! Oh, it’s Spiderman by the way!” Steve grinned a bit at Peter’s enthusiastic response.
“He’s pretty decent at playing.” Bucky agreed “We hung out there for a few nights and he made a bit of money. We used the francs to have a nice meal before going back to the front line.”
Inside were stacks of old photos, trinkets, and pictures from the war. His blue eyes raked over the contents with reverence.
Tony’s mind cleared as his orgasm hit its peek. “I’m definitely coming in.” He stood up and made his way to the bed, legs more weak and wobbly than he’d care to admit.
“That’s what the vitamins and the corset, I really need to figure out the actual name for that, is for.”
Tony stared at the photo again. I’m as handsome as this guy. If Steve likes men, maybe I’ve got a shot.
The water from the emergency shower was already ice cold but his raging erection still stood at attention. He’d already gone for two rounds and there were still no signs of letting up.
The boys seemed to be having a serious conversation, but the audio was off because Tony didn’t want to actually spy. When he looked up from something on his tablet, Bucky was jokingly punching Steve in the shoulder and the pair was doubled over in laughter. Eventually, after a tiny bit of roughhousing, Bucky got up and said something to Steve. He walked out looking determined.
As Tony and Peter discussed what to say and how to silently approach him, Steve nodded off. Waking up so early to run meant that he liked taking afternoon naps when he could. The next thing he knew, he was woken up to a rush of cold water.
“I deserve pizza for putting up with this. Tony?” Clint begged “I don’t have any money. Tasha took it all…”
Steve winced at Tony’s question and made to apologize again, but Tony shook his head, “Not offended or mad. Just shocked.”
“You aren’t even going to ask what the vibrations are for?” Tony looked at the super soldiers. He was certain that would get a rise out of them. He loved seeing the blush on Steve’s face. Just yesterday, he’d discovered what BDSM was and he went bright red.
“Petey, are you planning on wearing those shoes until they completely disintegrate?” Peter lifted his leg and examined his shoes. The soles were coming off, the laces were frayed, there were holes, and the color was faded. “If there’s an accident in the lab, it’s better to ruin these shoes than a nice pair,’ he shrugged. “You realize your boyfriend is a billionaire who could afford enough ’nice shoes’ for you to wear a different pair ever day,” Tony responded, wrapping his arms around Peter’s shoulders, “And you wear them everywhere, not just the lab. Didn’t I just get you a pair of new sneakers? Or are you just trying to offend me with your terrible fashion sense?” Peter turned around and kissed his cheek, “Well if you’re offering to buy, I always think I’d look good in socks and sandals. Oh, and a fanny pack and a bucket hat. I bet I could totally pull off functional fashion,” he said facetiously. Tony winced, “Actually, I appreciate the science shirts from Walmart now. I think you’re gorgeous enough to pull off any look, babe, but I’d rather not test that theory. Though the best look on you is no clothes.” Tony ran his hand on Peter’s inner thigh and pushed him to sit on the counter. Peter willingly obliged and leaned in for a passionate kiss. “Let’s take this to the bedroom,” he gasped. Tony whined as he broke the kiss to jump from the counter and scoop Tony up in his arms. The sandwiches were already forgotten as they made their way to the bedroom.
“Yep, Stevie would filter his words in front of his commander and around children and dames. Sorry, women. If he was around close friends or in a bar though...”
“I’m sure Steve was a real bad boy in the forties, but not helping an old lady cross the street isn’t exactly treasonous anymore.” Tony quipped.
“Okay.” Tony was still a little disappointed that he hadn’t whole heartedly supported Steve’s weird coping, but he knew there was no way he could’ve known. Natasha’s talk made him feel much better.
Bucky opened his mouth to refuse, but before anything came out, he made eye contact with Peter’s pleading puppy dog eyes. “Yes.” His voice betrayed him and suddenly Peter was dragging him by his metal arm to the nearby bathroom. “You’ve gotta wash your face first.” He handed him a wash cloth and some face soap that looked expensive.
“I’m going to be in that coffee shop you like from 5am-2pm today if you want to come work things out. Please show up.”
Before Steve could even process it, Tony was gone. He felt a little awkward. Making conversation with Tony never seemed this forced or awkward. In fact, he may have had a giant little crush on the man who helped him adjust to the modern world. It wasn’t crazy for Tony to be exhausted though so Steve tried not to think too much about it. Eventually, Peter came back and the boys snuggled up for a good nights sleep.
The team must confront their worst fears in Asgard. Steve's brings up one of Bucky's deepest insecurities.
Natasha stared into his eyes. “He doesn’t mind it. In fact, I think he liked some of the teasing. It’s another way of providing normalcy. It’s better if you guys are ribbing each other and cracking jokes than standing in somber silence. If you acted like you pitied him or faked enthusiasm you didn’t feel, he would’ve been uncomfortable taking you because your mood would make him feel the need to apologize or awkwardly make it better.”
“JARVIS, please alert Tony that I’m coming into the lab.” Steve was always mindful to avoid surprising Tony. Unsurprisingly, heart conditions, PTSD, and jump scares didn’t mix well.
Bucky nodded and Steve wrapped him up in a hug. “We’re surrounded by superheroes who know what to do if something happens. They’ll protect me if it does. They’ll protect you if it does. You won’t hurt me.”
The endearment and the touch got Tony thinking again to what caused the outburst. He looked at Bucky who seemed thoroughly amused by the situation.
Bucky looked at Steve questioningly. Steve immediately realized what he wanted and sighed. “They like to think I’m a totally innocent Boy Scout or something.”
He wasn’t denying it? Bucky stuck out his tongue like a child. Steve was still looking away. It must be true.
Life went on. There were two more instances where Steve disappeared, but they were easily forgotten soon after the fact. Tony never got the chance to ask. He trusted Steve so he wasn’t concerned. The second time, Tony was about to ask, but Steve had abruptly asked if he was alright with how much time he spent with Bucky.
“Didn’t Howard make you one? It seemed pretty similar to some of these fancy modern ones.” Steve swatted Bucky hard.
“I know how you felt Tony. You don’t want to lose another family. I forgive you. I know I’m not his father anyway so that doesn’t give me the right to argue with you about parenting. I’m sorry I didn’t realize it bothered you when I intruded on your relationship. I promise to -“
“What the hell?” Tony yelped as he stubbed his toe on something large on the floor of his bedroom. He’d just come back from a mission almost half a day earlier than expected which meant he’d arrived in New York in the middle of the night. He’d planned on slipping into his room and into bed with Steve. He’d FaceTime’d with Steve a few hours ago so he knew Steve would be sleeping deeply: they were always able to sleep better after talking to each other.
Peter trembled a bit as he made his way to the bathroom. He splashed some water on his face. When he turned around, he saw that Robert had followed him in. “You’re deluding yourself if you think Stark will keep you around forever. You should grow a brain and start looking for your next Daddy before this one throws you out in the cold, all alone.” Peter tried to defend himself, but the man kept rattling off about Tony’s old partners and how long they had lasted. Peter’s mind started to wander.
Tony flashed Steve a smile and leaned down to passionately kiss him. “I was just trying to wrap my brain around this whole thing - trying to convince my brain that Doom’s bot only deserumed you and didn’t secretly injury you.”
Tony’s heart cracked at the first four messages and shattered at the fifth. He was a monster. Steve didn’t do anything wrong. He didn’t even know what he was accused of and Tony didn’t give him a chance to share his side. Tony knew he needed to apologize. He could only pray that their was some shimmer of a chance that he would be taken back.
“You guys caused such a huge commotion. I was really grateful that people showed up to watch me though.” Peter reminised as he flipped the page of the photo album Steve had insisted upon because they were more sentimental than digital. The next few pages were filled with pictures of the team in the tower. There was Thor and Steve smiling as they ate breakfast together. Sam in an apron baking Spiderman cupcakes for Peter’s birthday. Natasha and Bruce cuddled under a blanket on the couch. Clint demonstrating how to shoot arrows for Bucky. Tony covered in flour with Loki doubled over from laughing in the background. There were some of them posing with their weapons. One where the whole team was gathered around a Christmas tree in ugly sweaters. Peter hissing at a candy cane.
Tony resolved to get the best doctor he could find to be on standby at all times. He also pulled up Steve’s file from before the serum and committed each disease to memory.
Everyone crowded onto the balcony. Tony glanced around in confusion as he realized Peter hadn’t joined them, “Spidey?” Peter strolled out at his beckoning. If Tony hadn’t known better, he would think the kid was nervous. He shrugged it off as anticipation and pulled Peter under his arm again to watch the show together.
“Why haven’t we slept together?” Tony blurted out. “I haven’t been pushing it because I thought inexperience or embarrassment would be at play, but it seems like neither of those apply. Do you just not want to be with me?” His voice grew soft.
Tony decided their next vacation would be somewhere warm. And it would be private - just him and Steve.
“I don’t know about that, but I’m coming back here. Thanks for showing me.” Steve turned to the volunteer coordinator at the shelter, “I’ve cleaned the litter boxes. What do you need me to do next?”
“Well, the serum was made to make the perfect solider. That included enhanced reproductive urges. It was starting to affect me a bit so Howard invented something to relieve the tension.”
Steve put on his best face for the media and walked up to the podium. This wasn’t a planned PR event or the Avengers making a statement, this was a complete surprise to him. It didn’t matter much, all they wanted from him was to say the Pledge of Allegiance before their speech on Memorial Day, and he could do that.
At that realization, Tony immediately pulled back to see what was wrong. It wasn’t like that was their first kiss together. Tony saw fear flash across Steve’s eyes and before he could even ask about what had happened, Steve was exiting the coffee shop.
“Ah” Steve yelped as Tony immediately began to apologize and helped Steve pull his shirt off and over his head. As soon as he was free of the sopping clothing, he reached for a dishcloth to wipe the mess on the floor. When he stood back up, he realized no one was speaking.
Tony pulled Peter close and had him leaning against his chest in a comforting position. “It’s not stupid. You can’t help the spider stuff. You’re different from everyone so you need to handle things differently from everyone. If that means you need to find a safe space from a situation that makes you uncomfortable, it’s totally fine. In fact, it’s necessary. I don’t want you exerting yourself to the point of pain just because you assume it’s what the team wants.” Tony murmured, “Everyone here has something that plaques them - PTSD, flashbacks, nightmares, and more. Saving the world is a scaring job, don’t feel ashamed to ask for help or assistance.”
“I know you don’t have a cold, but are you really sick? Like really, really sick?” Peter’s voice wobbled and his lip trembled. “Are you going to, are you gonna...”
“If you really missed me, you wouldn’t have run off with another man. Is he younger, prettier, more available?” Tony exploded.
“Come on guys, it’s Bruce. If you don’t get seen on the jet, I’ll turn you into the SHIELD medical facility.”
Bucky was speechless. He twisted his arm around to admire each animal and how they were posed to fit perfectly together.
Tony pushed the brew button on his coffee maker and mumbled, “I was working on technology for you Katniss. Any more jabs on my appearance and you may never know what it feels like to shoot invisible arrows.”
“Black Widow and Thor are also fine. We’re picking up some loose ends on the eastern boundary. Just doing a final sweep for any lingering ‘gifts’.” Natasha’s voice came soon after.
Peter reached excitedly as he grabbed a cupcake. He immediately inhaled it, staining his tongue blue. Natasha hid a smirk and Bucky laughed out loud. Despite being 23, Peter was still the ‘kid avenger’ and he definitely acted the part. He turned to Tony and made a pouty face, his blue lip sticking out. Tony wrapped his arm around Peter and kissed his cheek, “You guys don’t want to see what happens when you upset my baby.” He joked with the others.
“Why were you getting a blanket? It seems like you're always so warm.” Peter was curious. He heard Steve’s breath hitch and immediately backpedaled. “You don’t have to answer that. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
They really didn’t go out very much. A lot of times they were either in the lab or having sex. “No, Tony loves me,” Peter thought with finality, “He’s told me so.” He walked out and met back up with Tony. Although he had convinced himself, he noticed every time Tony was too busy to spend time with him or couldn’t go out in public. He knew Tony was busy and that there were a lot of paparazzi. He knew that Tony didn’t want him in the limelight to preserve his identity and his youth, but the insecurities kept sinking in.
“Okay.” Tony sat back for a second. The breaks between his lusty urges were becoming longer. He sat down and panted for a bit. His mind wandered back to the alien lab.
Peter’s heart hurt as he watched Steve’s reaction to the words. He hated that he would just accept Tony’s harsh words as the truth, that he would honestly believe he had no place as part of Peter’s family. It became even more painful when he realized that Steve must’ve been feeling all this while he got up and took care of Peter this morning, but managed to hide it so well.
Peter winced as he slowly rubbed his neck. While he was distracted by evacuating an old woman from the bank, the robber had landed a solid punch. A large bruise was already starting to form.
“No...Don’t I have enough rooms for everyone?” Tony questioned “I could’ve sworn there was the exact number for everyone to get their own. I didn’t even hear people talking about doubling up.”
“Do you think you could sled on your shield?” Peter called out whilst going down the slope backwards.
“I don’t know. I invited myself on the first trip because I thought he was just going to pick up something really quick. When we stayed for a while, I thought he was just fascinated by modern conveniences so I offered to show him more interesting modern inventions. I’m confused. He doesn’t blink an eye at my iron suit but comforters are fascinating?”
As they approached the tower and Tony was coming off of his adrenaline buzz, he noticed something off. Steve’s eyes kept unfocusing and his hand was clutching his left side.
“Now that I’ve almost graduated college, I’ve been thinking about revealing my identity and officially joining the Avengers. It’s not like it’ll affect my research, and now my family is able to protect themselves just fine - no one is going to try and mess with the Hulk to get to me. I won’t be so worried about my mask coming off or being as anonymous when I’m fighting crime. What do you think?”
“I feel so betrayed. You didn’t tell me?” Clint put a hand over his chest and put on a fake hurt expression.
“Want to come back to the tower?” Tony gestured to Peter. “I’ll call a car for us.” Peter nodded, “sorry for doubting you.”
And they fit together. Steve would silently listen to Tony, knowing he didn’t have to truly focus his mind and be attentive to what the other man was saying. Tony would talk, not expecting anything in return.
“Calm down kid. Everyone’s going to shower and have some time for R&R before dinner. We’ll do all the sightseeing you want tomorrow.” Tony began to wearily make his way up the stairs. Him and Sam were pretty beat. The other three, given their enhanced healing, weren’t as worse for wear. By dinner time, Bucky, Steve, and Peter were waiting in the lobby for Sam and Tony to get ready.
Now Tony was shocked. He could tell Steve was slightly uncomfortable with the topic of conversation, but it wasn’t even intense. It seemed more like his old-fashioned ‘you shouldn’t talk about sex in public’ sensibilities than anything to do with the topic.
He cautiously wrapped his lover in a hug, which was returned whole-heartedly. It seemed to do the trick for getting Peter to cut lose because he slumped against Tony’s chest and began to sob in earnest. “He...I told May...and she called the police...he’s a registered sex offender,... but he didn’t get ... get any jail time. Just a fine.”
“Don’t sound surprised. You know I was the first person he really hung out with after coming out of the ice. Plus, that was right after the ice so he went pretty often.”
Steve crept downstairs to avoid disturbing the others. At the bottom, he noticed a soft glow in the hallway coming from the room. I thought the TV was broken? He silently walked over and put his face just barely around the corner. Natasha and Clint had a news channel up.
“But what if I turn into the Winter Solider. What if I relapse during a mission or while you’re asleep. Even when you’re awake you refuse to hurt me during my episodes.”
“Ah. No. It’s not a problem. It’s not a problem at all. I wasn’t upset when I choked. That was just surprise.” They hadn’t slept together yet, so Steve hadn’t really had the chance to see Tony’s stash of sex toys.
Tony leaned back against the handle and closed his eyes. When he walked into the room that night, Steve was so happy. He was practically beaming to have Tony home. He was probably going to share the news about him getting a puppy and give that pouty face that was irresistible to Tony. Why hadn’t he trusted Steve? Why hadn’t he given him a moment to speak?
“Figured that out myself.” Steve laughed. “The information from JARVIS was helpful though.” His sentence ended in a moan.
Bucky stood there, completely frozen. Steve was afraid of him? Of course he was, Bucky was a cold-blooded assassin. He nearly killed Steve when they met again. Even thought Steve assured him that it didn’t matter, and he helped Bucky with all of his nightmares and treatments, he must’ve still been traumatized. He’s terrified of me and I’ve been forcing him to stay around me. Bucky felt like crying. He couldn’t tear his gaze away from his hands, which appeared covered in blood to his eyes.
“Have we been attacked by Na’vi?” Tony joked as he came into the room. A timer went off and Clint moved to the bathroom to peel his mask off. Natasha, who silently entered seconds after Tony, pulled out her phone and took a candid photo of the group. It was a rarity for everyone to look this relaxed.
“Hi, it’s Steve. I can’t tell if you aren’t getting these or your just ignoring me, but I really need to see you...”
Yeah, there was something during the war, but that was when he was confident and strong. He had all his limbs and all his memories. He was in control of his mind. Now, Steve had to coddle him. He always protected him from things that made him anxious or scared. He listened to all of his fears. He patiently helped him adjust. Was he doing it because he fell responsible for when Bucky fell off the train? He probably wasn’t actually attracted to this sniveling coward.
He thought back to when Steve and Tony got together. He’d officially been Tony’s son for a couple of years before Steve and Tony reconnected. There had been countless apologies and a whole lotta healing, but the men forgave each other, then they became close friends, and then they pined after each other for far too long. It took some trickery from Natasha and an ‘error’ from JARVIS to get them to finally admit their feelings. Then there was the awkward dating stage, the gross overly touchy phase, and then married life. Actually, the later two of those were still in effect. Their relationship was immortalized in another photo book, one that Steve had carefully put together.
Peter looked up at him, his lip trembling just a little, “The party…journalist….sugar baby.” He tried to choke out words, but they weren’t making any sense. Tony guided him to the bed and let Peter cry into his shoulder. “Peter, I love you too. I’m not leaving. Did something happen? Are you hurt or sick?” He rubbed his boyfriend’s back and reassured him that he wasn’t going anywhere. Eventually, Peter calmed down, “I’m not dating for your money.” “Of course not,” Tony sternly replied, “How did that idea get into your head?”
“It is time for the colorful explosives!” Thor shouted and practically sprinted to the balcony. Although there were many members who suffered from PTSD, they had learned that even Bucky and Tony enjoyed fireworks as long as they were planned and expected.
They hadn’t spoken to each other for hours, but it was a comfortable silence. After Peter had a near death experience during his freshman year of college, Tony realized that he couldn’t live without the boy and kissed him. Peter enthusiastically returned the kiss and admitted that he had been crushing on his mentor for a long time. Now, a year after dating, they routinely spent, according to Pepper, ’Too much time in the lab’ working on different inventions for themselves or the rest of the avengers. Tony found his gaze drifting from the wires in his arms to his boyfriend. “Enjoying the view,’ Peter teased, not looking up from his vial of web fluid. “Damn Spidey senses. I can’t even ogle my my boyfriend.” “I don’t think me pointing it out has ever stopped you,” Peter laughed, “guess it’s probably time to go upstairs and eat something?” Tony loved that smile. He just barely held in a contented sigh as he made the first move to leave. Peter quickly followed suit and, once in the kitchen, starting making sandwiches for the both of them.
Having Peter in his arms kept away all thoughts of the overwhelming cold. Being with Steve kept Peter nice and warm. He was drifting off within seconds. Both men woke up refreshed.
It’d been a couple weeks of flirting around the tower and going on a couple of dates when Tony almost ruined it.
“I know. I did something terrible and I need to make it right. Please just give me five minutes with him.” Tony’s voice must’ve been pathetic enough to soften Sam up, because the next thing he knew, he was standing in the guest bedroom Steve had been staying in.
“Bisexual Captain America” Sam mused “It’s kinda funny all those hate groups that use you as their symbol of conservative life are involuntarily looking up to a bisexual man.”
“JARVIS, where’s Steve?” Tony spoke quickly, wanting to go on a date to celebrate. Sam’s latest problems with the wings had been tough. Tony struggled to think of a repair for weeks until an idea came to him in the shower. He’d been half-naked when he rushed down to his workspace. Thankfully, Steve provided clothes, food, and water during his several day long engineering binge.
Tony, in the other hand, couldn’t sleep. He kept thinking about what was going on a few doors down. He’d never really considered it before, but all things considered, they weren’t really that different age-wise. Peter was in his early twenties and, if you didn’t count the ice, Steve was in his late twenties. It was only a six year difference. They were both seemingly innocent people - didn’t swear, blushed at Tony’s inappropriate jokes...
“Sorry, I though the serum had taken care of that already.” Steve pointedly turned so his back was facing away from the gaping crowd, well except for Natasha who was throughly amused. “Usually they’re gone overnight.”
“I’m not the same man you fell in love with. I don’t have all of my memories back and I’m not really in love with you without them.” It was a complete lie and it physically hurt Bucky to say it.
Tony’s eyes widened in realization. He’d read about how gay men were treated during Steve’s era. He knew the risks of being discovered and he’d heard about the multitude of slurs and other demeaning reactions from society. How did he not remember that?
“I love swinging from skyscrapers, but this is much prettier.” Peter grinned before rushing inside. The interior was amazing as well. The owners had done a great job at incorporating that antique look into the five star establishment.
“And as soon as he coughed, you ran for the hills. Actions speak louder than words. Why the hell are you doing this to him if you love him?”
Steve mimicked the action. “Just happy that everyone’s getting back safely. Speaking of which, you’re sure you’re unharmed?”
Peter and Steve made dinner together as Tony set up a game for them to play together. The night was spent laughing and cuddling. None of them could ask for a better night.
Eventually, he mustered up enough energy to drag himself to the mirror. He wasn’t surprised when he stepped out of the mirror as the Winter Solider. He stared at himself, at his long hair, muzzled mouth, and blank eyes. He watched himself kill innocent people and then turn to Steve. Mirror him was beating Steve up and his head was screaming for him to intervene but he couldn’t. Steve went limp on the ground. The grief and rage pushed Bucky to sock his mirror image and he was given access to the other world.
Bucky was on one of the stools near the countertop reading the physical newspaper he shared with Steve. Scott and Sam were discussing something about flying while they waited for Tony’s attention. Apparently, it had something to do with Hank’s technology.
“That’s because they get boring easily. Challenging Captain America, who’s supposedly good at cards, might be more interesting” If Tony felt a bit of warmth of getting to spend some more time with Steve, well, no one had to know.
They decided to go wash their hands in the restroom while they waited for their food as they chatted passionately about all the exciting technological advances they’d witnessed at the convention and all the possible improvements they could think of. They were getting particularly detailed about a cheap, algae based alternative to synthetic fibers as they headed past the bar and back to their seats.
He picked at his fingernails. “To me, he was really cool you know. He was twenty-three and about to go to graduate school. He was really smart and he seemed really interested in everything I was saying. At the party we just talked about school and a robot I was building for a class project. He taught me how to play flip-cup. He asked for my number so we could hang out because I ‘seemed mature for my age.’”
“I have a private ski lodge that could easily fit everyone. It’s in a gorgeous location surrounded by trees and extremely close to a lift. It’ll be a good private spot to relax and let loose.” He started rambling in his trance. “JARVIS let the vacation staff know to stock the place with an ungodly amount of food and that we’ll be up within the week.”
“Wait? You can’t just leave us. What do you mean impolite? If you’re dating someone, I think your team slash closest friends should know.”
The men got into the car and Peter took a deep breath. His face pinched up in a way Tony knew meant he was thinking hard about what to say. Tony took the liberty to drive them down the road a bit and to pull off to the side in a more private location to make it easier for his boyfriend to express himself. He waited patiently.
Steve accidentally butt dials his boyfriend, Tony, at the pet shelter which results in misunderstandings.
“I think it’s pretty simple. You buy them and you use them. You’re a science man - you probably actually know how they work. What’d need Stevie’s explanation for?”
“…Buck’s my best friend. He’s pretty much my brother, but I just wanted to make sure that you know how much I love you and that I never want anyone else. If you ever feel lonely, please tell me so I can make it better…”
It was too late. Despite being their leader, Captain America was nearly as reckless, if not more, than the rest of his team. He touched the metal contraption that had fallen from Doom when Iron Man apprehended him. Immediately, he pulled his hand back like he’d been burnt.
“Hey Tony, it’s Steve. You probably could already see that I guess. Can we talk about whatever this is? I don’t know what you’re thinking, but I promise I was never unfaithful to you. Love you. Please call me back.”
Once Tony steps inside and closes the door, Peter sighs with relief and sinks into the bed. “S,S,Sorry, Tony,” he manages to stutter out. “Don’t apologize.” Tony rubs his back in a soothing way, “Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
Bucky wiggled his eyebrows at Steve, who closely studied the picture. Seeing Bucky’s clearly devious expression, the other three gathered around to see a photo of a baseball player in the sports section.
Peter picked up a marker and slowly started to draw an intricate pattern around his finger. His head jerked up like he got an idea and he grinned. “You can’t look until it’s finished.”
Steve? Of course it wouldn’t be Mr. Rogers anymore. Tony winced while Natasha and Sam raced down the slopes.
Bucky whispered something so quiet that only Steve, with his enhanced hearing, could pick up. Steve gave a full belly laugh before talking at a normal volume. “I wasn’t that bad-“
Steve put his hands up. “I’ll give you your space.” The rest of the team shot him a concerned glance, but they continued on.
Unlike most people, Steve was glad to share his birthday with his favorite holiday so everyone went all out. The sunny day had been spend barbecuing and hanging out by the refreshing pool.
“It’s not like you hadn’t seen the video before. Clearly, you were in it,” Peter quipped harshly before his tone softened, “Why would you say that to him? Legal status isn’t what makes a family. Steve is my family. He was the only one fighting for me instead of against me anyway.” His voice hitched near the end and he couldn’t stop himself from crying.
Putting the skis on was a whole other ordeal. Thor must’ve slipped ten times. Getting on and off the ski lift also proved challenging. Peter’s skis got twisted and he fell right into Steve, knocking him on his butt. It took a bit of help to get both of them up. Peter apologized profusely, but Steve insisted that he didn’t mind and admitted the lift had been pretty tricky.
Tony was not calm. The logical part of his brain reasoned that Bucky had known Steve for much longer and had cared for him through all these injuries in the past. He knew that Steve had survived all this during the 30’s, and there were better medications and care available now - especially for someone with the financial means of a Stark.
Steve’s chest stung. There was suddenly a lump in his throat and his eyes began to water in the corners. He waited for Tony to say something else, For him to apologize or take it back, but they just sat there in silence. Tony didn’t even turn to look at him. Steve left to go off an be alone.
Tears were rolling down Peter’s cheeks agin. He was clearly struggling with the effort to keep his crying down and avoid sobbing. Tony’s hand was shaking. His mind was full of strong emotions. He actively suppressed his rage, not wanted to scare Peter in his vulnerable state, and focused on comforting Peter.
Tony finally registered what was happening and jolted up to grab Steve’s forearm. “Wait. You don’t have anything to apologize for. I should’ve known better. It’s all my fault for triggering a panic attack. I’m the worst and I understand if you don’t want to continue dating such an inconsiderate person, but I’m not going to break up with you. If you give me a second chance, I’ll make sure to make it up to you, but that’s only if you want it.”
“Don’t ever tell me that story again.” Clint glared at him. “I wish Tony made these hearing aids with a quick release.”
The instant he saw Tony, he puffed up his chests and stretched his arms to prevent him from entering. “What do you possibly think you’re doing here?”
Tony’s gut twisted as hot guilt filled his body. This was his fault. He failed at caring for his lover. He turned a harmless cut into a life threatening injury. Steve looked so pale lying on the bed. He couldn’t be hurling like that, he was too thin as it stood. Tony felt like throwing up himself. He pulled a chair up to the side of the bed, reaching for Steve’s hand.
Peter through the front windshield of the car. “When I was sixteen, I met this guy. I had gotten invited to a college party after one of my academic decathlon competitions and he was there. It was kinda a friend of a friend of a friend deal.”
The team already knew Steve to be a bit reserved after a fight. The man had admitted to Tony that all the strategizing, assessing, and re-strategizing he did in his mind throughout a battle was mentally draining. Tony was the opposite. Unless they lost, he became slightly keyed-up for about an hour post-fight. He would ramble about anything and nothing at the same time, leg bouncing in his seat.
Steve’s face became devastated. He was silent for a while, before something else crossed over his features. “What happened in the mirror?”
“Yep, they wanted a candid of ‘Captain America sharing a barrack with his fellow soliders’. It was going to go near recruitment stations. They didn’t want the men to stiffen up and pose so they decided to just burst in unannounced one day and took a picture.”
“Stevie’s sicknesses. I’m speaking louder than normal because he’s kinda deaf, the ‘medical corset’ is for the scoliosis, and the vitamins replace the liver juice he used to drink because he was anemic. He also has stomach ulcers, heart problems, asthma, high blood pressure, and a generally shitty immune system. On top of all that, there’s the one thing that’s probably fatal.”
Peter’s breath hitched a bit when he saw the photo, but he turned and grinned at Tony’s concerned face. “I miss her, but I’m not unhappy here. I love you, Dad.” Tony released a tiny sigh of relief and put his arm around the kid. “We should probably move that photo. Steve’ll have a stroke if he’s sees it disorganized.” Peter rolled his eyes at Ton’y exaggeration, but turned back to the front of the book to place the photo in its correct spot.
Tony broke away and jolted back. “You shouldn’t be comforting me. I’m the one who hurt you. Steve, I’m so so so sorry for what I said yesterday in the lab. You and Peter were right. I told him before he left for school his morning that we’d help him with it...if that’s something you’d like to do?”
Right after he managed to shovel a whole pizza and several spring rolls into his stomach, Steve knocked out on his and Tony’s bed. It was a miracle he even managed to strip the suit and rinse off. He was out for about an hour before Tony joined him, maneuvering the super solider so he could cuddle against him.
Later that week, Thor made an unexpected visit and was thrilled to participate in one of Earth’s tradition. The video of Thor laughing while Natasha, on a step ladder, dumped water on him while Clint got electrocuted by the puddle around his feet had millions of views in hours. They nominated other billionaires and donated a giant sum of money.
“He said that you’d owned plenty of sex toys and made me choke.” Tony glared at Bucky before looking at Steve who immediately averted his gaze. Tony was about to celebrate his victory by gloating in front of Bucky, but was interrupted by Steve’s soft voice.
“That okay with you?” Bucky asked Steve who had just cum all over his stomach. He stared into Bucky’s eyes and nodded, slowly and deliberately. Bucky turned back to Tony, “You can finish up before you give an answer.”
That’s when he saw the picture of Steve on the wall. He was devilishly handsome in his military uniform and he was smirking in a way that Tony knew would appear in some of his fantasies.
“I can imagine what they’re for.” Bucky smirked “I think I don’t need it attached to my arm though. I’ll buy my girl a toy that does that if she wants one.”
The flight back to the tower was awful. Tony’s mind was ricocheting between intense anger and gut wrenching pain so he never managed to fall asleep. He was absorbed in the former when he stomped into the tower. Steve happily ran over to greet him, “How was your business trip, Tony? I’ve missed you.”
Steve rose an eyebrow at Tony before his face relaxed into relief. “Okay!” He happily sat back down on the couch. “Will you be done soon? I think we should have dinner.”
Natasha had a soft smile she almost never showed on her face. Steve was praising Peter’s artistry. Tony was looking smug. He even reached out to touch the peacock. Clint was laughing at the lizard and attempting to explain what a whale shark was to Thor at the same time. Bruce pulled his phone out and snapped a picture, presumably to send to Wanda, Pierto, Sam, Strange, and T’Challa.
“What happened?” Sam opened the door, surprised to see Steve looking devastated at his door in the middle of the night.
“Natasha?” Tony poked at the person’s shoulder. He knew that guess was wrong, this person certainly was not built like the Black Widow, and Natasha didn’t do things like drunkenly crawl into the wrong bed, but it was the first thing that popped into his mind. She would be the only one even close to this size.
“I think he is. Those are all small problems that I’m sure Tony Stark can handle. Peter is ready for this.”
“Tony, it’s the middle of winter. I already get colder than normal because of these spider powers. Where and why exactly would I want to go swimming?”
“He and Mr. Barnes left in jogging attire. He said he would be making a few stops and to inform you not you worry. ‘Hey Tony, I’m going out today. I’ll be back before six. I left some sandwiches in the fridge. Please eat. I love you.’” JARVIS played back Steve’s request.
I suck at warnings, but expect swearing and (maybe) smut. I WILL put warnings if I reference abuse (sexual or otherwise) or mental illness. I realize I said above that I wouldn't write about graphic r*pe or glorified self-harm, but I mean that I won't write about those things in a good way, if that make sense. If it's something a character is struggling with or getting over, green light. If it's posed to make something like r*pe sexy, red light. PLEASE let me know if I need to add anything else to the list of must warns. I want you guys to enjoy yourselves!
“Yes I was. I’m going to keep apologizing until it’s better. Until you’ve stopped doubting the irreplaceable part you play in both of our lives.”
Peter froze on the spot. The air rushed out of his lungs and he couldn’t seem to manage to get enough back in.
Steve stepped down onto the sidewalk from the car. Shockingly, there were people screaming at him. It wasn’t as bad as when he’d come out with Tony, but there were still a decent amount of trespassers.
Peter headed toward the sand. He couldn’t tell what was bothering Tony and it was worrying him. Fortunately, Tony followed and he seemed content to cuddle up with Peter on their blanket.
He paced in the corner of the room as they administered another shot. A nurse explained to him that Steve was having a severe allergic reaction. Tony felt awful as Steve threw up his lunch.
“Damn spies” Tony grumbled when Bucky’s leap didn’t make any noise. He could never understand how they did that. “Hey, Steve can you come with me to…”
“He freaked out and told me I shouldn’t do it. He said I was too young to thing about the consequences and that I was only doing it for the fame. Is he ever going to see me as an adult?”
Those memories were what flashed through Steve’s head when Tony kissed him. He remembered asking his teacher a hypothetical question about boys liking boys and getting a condescending answer about how young boys should not choose to be so fruity. He remembers seeing a boy covered in bruises after his admitting, the day before, of his feelings to his male crush were overheard. He remembered his friend being kicked out of the house and an acquaintance losing his job. Those events might have been nearly nine decades old, but they were very fresh in Steve’s mind.
“It must’ve been that stupid Doom weapon.” Steve’s expression became frustrated. “I need to call up Bruce.” He turned his attention toward Tony, who was still trying to piece together what Steve was saying while he observed the man’s body.
“-Bucky wouldn’t have know any better either. I didn’t come into contact with latex or whatever that chemical was before. No one would know.”
“Calm down for ten minutes and let us fix ourselves first. You’re going to give me a headache.” Natasha complained.
"I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."
“Don’t talk about his father like that. Sorry Tones. He didn’t mean to offend you.” Steve glared at Bucky.
Steve just shrugged. This always happened. Once every couple weeks, Steve would announce his plans to go to some mundane spot and invite his boyfriend along. Tony would gripe about it, but inevitably join because he really loved spending time with Steve. He’d be good for the first hour, then taper off into boredom. He’d complain and make suggestions for better date spots. Steve would agree to go another day. It was basically a routine now. Tony didn't understand why. In the past two months he’d been dragged to Ikea, Sears, Home Depot, and Target. Steve rarely bought anything so he couldn’t help but question why he kept going to these places? Was Steve looking for something specific? Did he know he could order pretty much anything online?
“Woah, Tony this party is really fancy,” Peter exclaimed as he looked around to take it all in. They were surrounded by exorbitant decorations and everyone was dressed to the nines. “Don’t expect anything less from a Tony Stark party, kid,” Tony responded affectionately before they both walked into the room, capturing attention from nearly everyone. Before long, Tony was whisked away with Pepper to make the rounds and gather up some good PR so Peter sat down at a table with some food. A nicely dressed man sat down next to him, “Parties not your thing?” Peter nodded, mouth stuffed with hors d'oeuvres. The man laugh and extended a hand, “The name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.” Peter introduced himself and continued the small talk. They talked for a while about the party.
Tony checked his watch. It was now five. Where was Steve? He didn’t mention anything about work or other plans today.
Not long ago, they had been divided. They had fought to the point of causing serious harm and had left believing that they would never repair their broken relationships. Somehow, the impossible had occurred and they were all back safely living in the tower together. There were still tender subjects, but as Tony watched the expressions on his teammates faces brighten, he felt content at how far they’d come. He didn't mind spending a ridiculous amount of money on fireworks if it made his friends, scratch that, his family happy.
“Yep. Sorry, Stark. I’m gonna go take a shower.” Bucky closed his the panel on his fixed up arm and left the lab.
Peter went to Steve’s room a couple hours later and apologized profusely. Steve forgave him and assured him that it wasn’t his fault. He explained how he wasn’t big on surprises and he especially hated the cold because what had happened to him. It was actually therapeutic to talk about it with someone else and they both parted feeling much better.
Natasha pulled out a smart phone and looked up the American Pledge of Allegiance, she hadn’t grown up with it, but she had learned it to blend with crowds when necessary and she was sure it referenced God. “See it...oh”
Peter slid the seatbelt over his chest while Tony started the car. He smiled when he heard one of his favorite Indie songs. “You aren’t going to change it? I thought everything that wasn’t heavy metal ‘literally damaged your eardrums’?”
“Really? They didn’t want Captain America staring at someone’s dick all over the U.S.? I’m shocked. Was he hung or what? Your stare is pretty intense there.”
Steve just watched as Tony rambled. When he was done, Steve shook his head. “It’s not really uncomfortable. I can nap on them, but they’re just too soft. It makes me anxious.”
“And that’s relevant because?” Bucky seemed like he got it a little bit, but still wasn’t quite understanding.
“No. Of course not. I’m very attracted to you.” Steve wrapped Tony in a hug. “You have no idea how hard it is to control myself around you sometimes. I just haven’t ever really been in a relationship. I didn’t really know when it was appropriate to. And you weren’t pushing so…”
Tony stood on his tiptoes to kiss Steve on the cheek. “I got you a surprise babe!” Steve grinned and took the box from Tony. Clint rolled his eyes. “Can’t you guys flirt somewhere else. It’s only been three weeks and I’m pretty sure I’m this close to getting diabetes.”
Unexpectedly, Steve Rodgers had stepped up to the job of forcing Tony to maintain a regular, healthy routine. At first, he did it to repay Tony for everything he had provided for the team. He let everyone stay in the tower, fed them, and gave them upgrades to their fighting gear. Tony was also a member of the team and as its leader, Steve felt obligated to keep Ironman in a decent condition. Slowly, obligation turned to choice which morphed into pleasure. He enjoyed the meals with Tony and cuddling with him on the couch.
Sorry for the longer break before this fic - I enjoyed my Labor Day Weekend and I Hope most of you got a chance to as well. Also, as school is starting up again and I’m a busy college student, my works probably won’t be updated as often or they might be shorter. I’ll do my best though!
**BTW, after rereading one of my works, I thought I should probably warn you guys that none of my pics are beta read. Hell, I don't even reread some of them. I just write whatever comes to my head and *post*. Feel free to point out errors. Hopefully they aren't too annoying.
“You like men? What about Peggy?” Scott wondered allowed before adding “You don’t have to answer that.”
The figure turned around and pecked Tony lightly on the lips. “What’re you thinking about so early in the morning?”
Peter studied Tony’s face for a moment before deciding to believe his words and pressing a kiss to him.
Finally, compassing the rest of his forearm was a caribou with intricate metal antlers extending out from his head.
Peter splashed in the waves and enjoyed the refreshing water, but he couldn’t help noticing Tony’s fatigue. “Do you want to go in and sunbathe?”
It’d been like this for three days now. Tony refused to touch Steve. It obviously had something to do with being deserumed and it was making Steve uneasy. He thought they’d already gotten over that: Tony clearly hadn’t had an issue with it the first day.
“No thanks. I’m done with PSA’s.” Steve wasn’t quite as fond of the idea as Pepper was. Everyone knew he wasn’t a fan of the media. He despised the paparazzi and interviews seemed to cause him physical pain. Plus, he still didn’t fully grasp the Internet, let alone trends and viral videos.
“You left your communicator on the whole time dipshit.” Tony grabbed the technology lodged in his ear. “This one is off, this is to mute other people, and this is to mute yourself. It’s only three buttons.”
Steve stood in silence for a minute. Tony felt like he was going to throw up. He wanted to bolt but willed himself to stay because Steve deserved it. He wasn’t expecting it when Steve pulled him into a passionate kiss. “Thanks” He whispered and motioned toward the door. “If you haven’t eaten since you’ve been down here, do you want to go to dinner?”
Thankfully, Tony knew what to do. As soon as he saw his boyfriend’s insecure face, he showered him in loving and uplifting words. He surrounded him with compliments that had nothing to do with Captain America or the serum.
“It’s fine if you still want to sleep on the floor: at least you’re getting enough sleep, but maybe I can help you sleep on the bed?”
“It’s not a pool it’s a large jacuzzi that’s modeled off thermal hot springs.” Tony opened the door to the spa to reveal a very large room taken up almost entirely by a steaming pool. There were several tastefully placed pillars in the center of the pool and various little pockets where you could sit and use the jets. The whole thing was encased in glass so you could see the whole city below.
Pepper seemed to think for a moment before muttering, “That might actually be a good idea. We still have money in our charity fund to be donated before the end of the fiscal year and it’d be good publicity. I’ll talk to you later Peter.” She smiled and waved at the high schooler  as she dragged Tony by his collar. Their breakup had been amicable and both parties were relieved that they could maintain their friendly dynamic. Although, in situations like this, Tony often wondered if it’d be better if she was nervous around him. Then he wouldn’t have to deal with this ’take care of yourself’ by ‘eating’ and ’sleeping’ and ‘doing your work’ business.
His mind went back to all the times he’d voiced his insecurities about stepping into Peter’s life as Tony’s spouse. Even though the “kid” was an adult, he’d been dealt a rough hand and he deserved a father who provided him all the attention and help he deserved. Steve didn’t want to detract from that. Tony reassured him that him just thinking about that showed how much Steve loved Peter and that it proved he would be a good father. He convinced him that Peter wasn’t upset about Germany anymore. Whenever Steve snuck away to leave them for some father-son bonding, Tony had insisted he stay because he was a part of the family.
“After the alien attacks and the killer robots, Steve needed to know that there was some piece of the world that he could relate to. He needed to know that even as a product of an old world, he could fit in a modern one. So when he gets overwhelmed by the newness of the world, he goes to places that remind him the world isn’t so different and scary.”
Peter’s face flushed redder than the warm water had already made it. He moved to get out of the water and Tony followed suit.
“Don’t bend it. You’ll break it. Here watch me.” Bruce yelled at Thor, who was stomping on the skis, indoors, without his boots on. Peter and Steve watched as the scientists gave detailed instructions on how to wear the boots and how they would be attached - once they got outside and to the snow.
“Do you want to go on a date?” His need to know quickly outweighed any doubts he had and Steve braced himself for the worst when he asked Tony out in the lab one evening. He was ecstatic when Tony agreed and the first date went well.
You’re such a slut. You say you don’t want this but just look how your body’s reacting - you want it, you want it so bad. Tell me how much you want me. Beg for it slut.
“Have you been dating?” Steve directed his attention at Bucky. His voice didn’t reveal a negative or positive connotation, just surprise. Bucky hadn’t really been interested in dating since he’d been unfrozen. He was still nervous about getting triggered and he needed some time to figure out who he was apart from HYDRA’s conditioning. Hell, he didn’t even have all of his memories back. There were still moments when someone mentioned something and a very specific memory would flood his brain.
“Aw, did I offend the good Captain? It’s the 21st century buddy, you’re going to have to get used to a bit of-”
“I guess that wasn’t what he truly thought.” Steve muttered bitterly. He wasn’t Peter’s father. He knew he didn’t really have a say in Peter’s actions, but neither did Tony at this point. His heart hurt when he thought about Germany and leaving them alone for a while, but eventually his feet carried him back to the tower.
“Tony broke up with me. I don’t really want to talk about it. Can I stay with you until I find an apartment?”
It was different than the face Steve had been wearing all morning. Ever since he discovered the situation, he’d had the patented Captain America Serious Face on. It surprisingly looked just as in place on skinny Steve as it would on Captain America. This wasn’t that confident facade though. This was insecurity in raw form.
Peter listened attentively. He assured Steve that it totally made sense and thanked him again for sharing his bed. Steve went off to take a shower and Peter just relaxed on the bed with his earbuds in. He had both heaters directed at him as well as two blankets.
“No, Mr. Rogers has done nothing of the sort. He did not fall from the bed so I don’t have any video of it.”
After the hike, Peter was going to go for a swim. “I’ll be down by the beach for a bit.” He kissed Tony, who was stretched out in a hammock, exhausted from their morning hike, and made to move away.
Peter beamed and turned to kiss Tony. “I would love that. When? Would you be able to take that much time off work? I know you’ve been busy-“
“Are you okay?” Steve got up from his seat and patted Tony’s back. “Honey, you can’t talk and tinker and drink at the same time.”
“Fine, just let me down.” Bucky tried to sound annoyed, but it was obvious he was having fun. Steve walked over to where his friend was stuck and let Natasha stand on his shoulders. She pulled a knife seemingly out of thin air and cut him most of the way out. He was able to jump to the floor.
Tony stood up from the couch with purpose. The kid was not allowed to just get away with whatever he was hiding. Confusion, anger, and anxiety swirled in his head and clouded his judgment. He called for his Iron Man suit and decided to fly to Queens. He let himself in through the window, ready to interrogate Peter. Tony heard the sound of running water in the bathroom, and without a second thought, he ditched the suit and marched into the bathroom. “Parker, what do you think you’re doing?” He yelled. Peter’s face morphed from defensive to surprised within seconds, “Tony, what? Be quiet, May’s asleep.”
**I know that the ice bucket challenge is pretty old, but I just randomly had this idea. Also, just because it isn’t a trend anymore doesn’t mean you can’t donate to help find a cure for ALS (or to any other charity working for a good cause)! Two of my go-to charities are 350.org and the Environmental Defense Fund, if you guys have any that you’re passionate about let me know! I love looking at the positive impacts people can make!**
“It’s alright sweetheart. I will be watching the footage though. JARVIS, pull up the video of Steve falling out of bed. Adjust the lighting so I can see it clearly.”
Tony, on the other hand, felt like complete garbage. Obviously, he didn’t blame the kid. Peter didn’t really know Steve and he didn’t know any better. He hadn’t been the one to come up with the idea of a sneak attack. He wouldn’t have even dared to douse one of his idols in cold water if Tony hadn’t insisted it was going to be taken well. Tony needed to come up with some way to apologize for what he did.
He smiled at the message from Tony and typed out a response before heading into the bathroom. The hot shower felt amazing on his sore muscles. He already could feel himself healing from the night’s injuries, but they still hurt. Once he was clean, he got into comfy lounge-wear and flopped on the bed. In minutes, he was fast asleep.
Peter and Tony were excited as they filled the bucket with ice and poured super cold water in. They waited for the cubes to mostly disappear, they didn’t want to hurt him, and made sure JARVIS’s security footage got a good angle. They had seen Steve reading some book from Tony's library on the couch. An unsuspecting victim.
He also felt a little jealous. He’d always known how important Bucky was to Steve, and he was truly secure that they were never romantically interested in each other. He didn’t mind the cuddling either: he knew they cuddled for warmth and support and as a way to show platonic affection ever since they were children. He was jealous of Bucky’s experience with skinny Steve. The way the man could calmly react to anything Steve threw at him, from asthma attacks to dizziness to headaches to heart palpitations, was something Tony desperately wished he could do. He wanted to be the one to comfort Steve. He wanted to touch Steve more. He just didn’t want to hurt him.
Tony muttered about scientific inaccuracies. Steve and Bucky had questions. Clint made stupid comments. Tonight was no exception.
Everyone looked expectantly at Steve as he blew out the candles in the red, white, and blue cupcakes on the table. The surrounding room was completely decked out in patriotic decorations, and there was a mountain of similarly colored presents on the coffee table.
He was shocked out of his tangent when his mind snapped back to the original topic. Steve was with Peter. Apparently, Tony had misread the signs. Steve’s ‘flirting’ was just him being friendly. He shouldn’t of read too much into it. For Christ’s sake, he was eleven years older and nowhere near as muscular as the enchanted superhero. Tony sighed and rolled over. It was going to be a long night.
When Tony woke up, the digital clock by his bed read 7:00am. He closed his eyes and pulled the comforter higher over his body contentedly. His only plans that day were to sleep in till at least 10:00. He pulled Steve close to him as well.
As soon as Tony laid on the cot, Steve curled up against his chest. “I don’t care about the mistakes. I’m going to take my time learning about you, hopefully you want to do the same with me.”
This night, Peter automatically went to Steve’s room. “This is okay right?” He asked hesitantly. Steve gave a welcoming smile and patted the bed. It wasn’t quite time to sleep, but everyone else had retired to their bedrooms to read or watch TV on their tablets.
“Did you want something?” The other person tilted to peek out from around Steve’s back. His voice was rough, but he was clearly less inhibited than Steve.
Steve tried and failed to look at his own back. What was he talking about? And ‘Steve’ instead of some nickname, he must really be surprised.
“That’s okay.” Steve picked his pencil back up. He never judged Bucky for his decisions. That was one of the reasons Bucky quickly warmed up to Steve. Even when he could barely remember Steve, his kind and caring side made it easy for the boys to become friends again.
When other persuasion methods, offering him kisses or dates or new tech, weren’t convincing enough, Tony decided it would be a sneak attack while he was working out or something. The internet loved pranks and he might get to see Steve in a wet shirt yet. He thought that making it a sneak attack meant that Steve wouldn’t have all the normal jitters and anxiety he got when he had to be in front of a camera. Sweet, caring Steve probably wanted to help, but he was just too nervous about the limelight.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s a shame that war made it so hard to develop a relationship with someone afterwards though.”
“Oh, Stevie. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. Ever since I came out as bisexual to the public, I’ve never tried to hide any relationships. I didn’t really think about how you’d feel. Sometimes I forget you’ve only been here for less than a decade.”
Everyone was too busy daydreaming about their snowy destination that they didn’t notice the sullen gracing Steve and Peter’s faces.
**Also, a person’s sex life can be a very personal thing, and there can be a lot of reasons why they are or aren’t having sex. Don’t tease or pressure people about their choices, and definitely don’t slut shame or prude shame.
Peter moaned when he took the first bite of food, “This is literally the best thing I’ve ever tasted.” The others all hummed in agreement and pointedly looked away from the ridiculous list of prices.
Why had Peter cheated on him? Was it because he was too old? Had Peter found someone closer to his own age?
Steve didn’t stop. He continued grinding his hips into whoever was laying on the bed. “Fuck. I love you so much.” Steve groaned. The other person mumbled something incoherent in response. The room was filled with grunts and creaking. “Ah.” Steve tensed and shuddered. Tony was distracted by the flex of his butt.
Peter hesitated for a moment, mulling over Tony’s words in his head. He then smiles and cuddles into Tony, feeling safe and loved, “Thank you for an amazing fourth.” He whispers.
Around midnight, Peter was still lying in his bed, curled in the fetal position and shaking like there was no tomorrow. His teeth were chattering. He already had the space heater way closer to him than was safely recommended and he was covered in several layers of blankets. “Damn spiders and their inability to thermoregulate.” Peter cursed as he pulled off the blankets and felt the cold air reach him. He was determined to get another layer from the living room. When he snuck to the middle, he saw Steve already there and reaching for the last blanket. Steve quickly turned to see who was behind him and saw Peter intently staring at the blanket in his hands.
“And to think I thought you were a good role model...” Tony added. “We should play cards sometime though.”
“Why?” Tony, even being a genius, couldn’t think of another reason why Steve would choose to sleep on the ground. He was out of ideas.
“Tony, stop talking.” Steve raised his voice just enough to cut through Tony’s spiral. “I want to sleep with you. I like sleeping in the same room as you. You don’t snore and I don’t think you move around much. I would sleep on the floor in my own room anyway.”
He pulled up a Star Wars movie as they ate. Peter cuddled up against Tony’s chest under their shared, fluffy blanket.
“But you’re too young. Maybe you should try and explore other options in life. Is it really that painful to keep it a secret for a bit longer?”
“Peter’s heart rate is slightly increased and he is perspiring more than his baseline, but within a healthy range”
“Wow, it’s late. I need to go for a -“ Steve pushed against the bed but his arm faltered a bit, unprepared to exert much strength. His eyebrows furrowed as he sat up in bed. He looked down at Tony and then at his own body.
“That is correct sir. You and Mr. Rogers have come into contact with a foreign substance which makes the victim feel a strong urge to perform the act of intercourse. It is absorbed through the skin. The compound will be released and deactivated in sexual fluid.”
“Nah, they only wanted me for PR strategizing, which I’m not good at anyway. I decided to work from my laptop on Monday and Tuesday. C’mon and buckle up so we can get going.”
“Get rid of that pesky virginity.” Tony added, nodding his head thoughtfully. “I think it’s a great idea.
“Maybe you should actually take him up on that offer - actually figure out everything wrong with you. We do have to keep you alive for at least until Bruce can figure the serum stuff out. You trying to put all that on me again?” Bucky’s voice was teasing.
“Yeah, you just like to look.” Tony settled into a lawn chair nearby. “You know, things are different in the modern world, but there are much cooler things I could show you. You don’t have to spend your Saturday in a Bed Bath & Beyond.”
Tony’s heart started pounding in his chest. He picked Steve up and called out for JARVIS to prepare doctors in the medical wing. Once he got in, he left the work to the professionals, not wanting to interfere with Steve’s standard of care.
“But don’t you have work tomorrow morning? You won’t be able to make it if we don’t get back tonight.”
By the time they were finished catching up, both of the super soldiers were starving so Steve began preparing some pasta for dinner. The pot of water was just over the burner when he noticed that the salt wasn’t in it’s usual spot by the oven. He surveyed the kitchen. It was in front of the microwave, which neither of them used. “Ah ha,” Steve suddenly lunged in the direction to grab what he needed. As he wrapped his hand around the shaker, he noticed Bucky was twitching and had his eyes closed.
Peter sat down next to Steve on the bench and curiously eyed his boots. He looked at the older man with a helpless look in his eyes.
“Um,” Tony tore his eyes from the bed where Peter was sitting, but avoided Steve’s face because he was sure he’d say or do something stupid. “I just wanted to see how you were liking the trip?”
Before he knew it, he was leaning forward and kissing Steve. It was romantic. He could taste the coffee on his date’s tongue and hear the rain continue to drop. That is, it was romantic until Tony realized Steve was frozen. He had gone completely stiff and he was definitely not kissing back.
He thought for a moment longer before moving the dog aside and kneeling down next to Tony. “I love you too. I want to be with you more than anything in the world. Please promise me you’ll work on trusting me?”
Steve opened his mouth to answer but suddenly he felt arms around his waist and a head on his shoulder. “Nearly eighty five years.” He heard his boyfriend answer from beside him.
“Slut.” He growled. “If you dress like that it’s clear that you want it. Don’t be a fucking tease. I was just being a gentleman but you bitches only want ‘bad boys’ anyway.”
There was a cracking sound and Steve released his grip on the headboard. There was a deep imprint in the top of it and cracks spread out from the center.
Eventually, Steve was ready to interview. Everything went smoothly. After the reporter realized this was a mundane mistake, he wasn’t thirsting for juicy questions and wrapped it up quickly.
“Your lips! They’re blue.” He exclaimed. “Is your heater not working? How many blankets do you have? I have some extra in my room that I could do without.”
The next day, Steve discovered that Tony had revoked his privileges to enter the lab or master bedroom or any of the communal areas. He could only go to his room or outside. He spent the entire day leaving messages for JARVIS to pass on, but based on the radio silence, he assumed Tony was deleting them.
Could you do a Starker where someone has sexually assaulted (minor assault or not it's up to you) Peter in the past and Tony doesn't know but then he finds out when Peter freezes when someone makes a lewd comment. Then he does sweet things like making Peter hot chocolate, buying gifts, and always calling him sweet names like darling, honey, etc.
“I’m not really sure.” Bucky scratched his head. He replaced the bucket near Steve’s head with a clean one and rubbed Steve’s back. Tony cringed for not thinking of that. “We didn’t exactly get tested for that kind of thing, but he usually got a rash around cats and he got sick that one time we ate shrimp. Granted, we were around feral cats and the shrimp we only got because it was old so it might not be allergies. This is definitely a reaction - what’d he eat?”
“Can I draw on your arm?” Peter blurted out. “I mean, don’t feel obligated to say yes. Ned just always lets me draw on his leg. It’s nice but he’s ticklish so he jerks and…”
Bucky was just shifting to a more comfortable position on the couch when Clint started snickering obnoxiously. He rolled his eyes. Their tradition of a monthly movie night was almost always the same, give or take a few people. Steve, sandwiched between Tony and Bucky, took the couch. Natasha and Bruce had a large cushy chair. Peter and Clint laid across bean bags. Wanda, Vision, and Pietro shared a love seat. Sam had the loveseat. Everyone else, who didn’t live at the tower, just rotated through, either sharing with Sam or pulling up chairs from around the tower.
After a few moments of silence, Tony spun around in his chair. Steve hadn’t been too familiar with tools when he started hanging around the workspace, but nowadays he was able to pick out anything Tony needed. “Forgot what a screwdriver looks like?"
“Even I have enough self-respect to dump someone who cheated on me. You can come back for missions though. Don’t worry, JARVIS won’t sic the arsenal on you.”
“Nope. You should still do that. Just choose someone else to star in the video or donate the money without a public show. Ms. Potts could do it. She is the standing CEO.” He was stubborn in his resolve.
Peter was nervous, but his curiosity got the best of him. “JARVIS, can you please show me any footage of an argument between Steve and Tony yesterday?”
Tony’s jaw tightened and his hold on the book increased. “What if villains attack you when you’re just out and around town? I don’t know if that’s such a good idea Pete.”
Peter smiled. Tony returned the smile, then yawned. “I think it’s time to hit the sack.” They fell asleep tangled in each other’s arms.
He speaks French? Tony thought as he watched the sight. That is so sexy. His mind momentarily drifted to laying in his penthouse bed. Steve was right above him, whispering dirty things in French. He leaned toward Steve’s face and...
In front of him was - a piece of paper? The others were puzzled but Tony went pale with recognized. A disembodied voice tainted him. “Tony Stark is the merchant of death. That’s all you’ll ever be. Your contract is signed in blood.” The writing went red and turned into a scene of the Avengers Tower where they all lived. There were missiles flying toward the tower with Stark written across the side. They were getting close. Pictures of all the Avengers, terrified and trapped in the tower popped up. Tony regained his composure and put on a smile reserved for media events he hated. “Making weapons is so not trendy anymore. You’re fifteen years too late to be making orders honey.” With that, the image disappeared.
I have the same stories under the account @A_Unique_Username_ on Wattpad so if you prefer that platform, head on over!
Tony listened to Peter’s story and could feel the anger course through his body. Who was this man to hit on his boyfriend? To make him feel insecure and unworthy.
Peter’s enhances hearing clearly picked up on the drunk man across the bar hitting on the much younger woman around the corner.
They managed to sneak out without anyone noticing. Steve dressed quickly, a product of years of military training, and made it to the common area. It was an unusual sight to see the rest of the team up so early. They were raring to go. Sam already made food and Clint was in his boots. “Going to try the big hill?” Tony questioned him. Steve shook his head, “Maybe some other time.”
“Whoops” Tony’s hand slipped and Bucky’s fingers started to vibrate. He’d agreed to help Bucky with an issue he’d been having with his arm so they were down in the lab. Steve was relaxing on the couch drawing pictures of the robots.
“Are you alright?” Steve asked worriedly when Bucky emerged. He had taken much longer than anyone else, and they all knew he had terrible demons. He stepped foreword to provide a comforting touch, but Bucky jerked back like he’d been burned.
“You swore like a sailor. There was so much feistiness trapped in your tiny body. I’m pretty sure you would explode if you didn’t pick a fight with one of those bullies-“
“Yep, last night we decided that-“ Steve blushed because he usually wasn’t very vocal about his PTSD.
Tony followed him out of the restroom. They sat down to eat a meal in silence except for Peter asking if the woman got out safely, which the bartender confirmed.  The atmosphere was tense but Tony didn’t want to push Peter into talking. His need to know what happened clashed with his want for Peter to never have to remember whatever trauma it was again.
He woke up to a stream of bright light in his eyes. “JARVIS, shut the blinds.” He groaned “What time is it?”
“Your episodes haven’t occurred for months. They’re shorter than ever. I could handle them when they were bad-“
“And it only got worse from there. Once he realized that he didn’t have to hold his tongue around women anymore, his hatred for modern devices was very clear.”
Tony just lay on his back, staring into the ceiling. He should leave. He knew he should leave. He shouldn’t stay with a partner who cheats. That was common sense.
Steve’s eyes glazed over as he remembered that peaceful evening he and Bucky shared before returning to the chaos of war.
Tony realized it was probably a pretty stupid question so he clarified: “I meant, did they even have sex toys during world war two?”
With his enhanced senses, he could see the news ticker and hear the host discussing whether or not Captain America believed in God. One of the men at the table was arguing that he obviously didn’t because he was openly gay and unrepentant about it. The man next to him cut in with an argument that the Bible never actually condemned homosexuality and that being religious and being gay were not mutually exclusive. The woman across from him interjected.
“It’s called the Ice Bucket Challenge. People dump a bucket of freezing cold water on themselves and then donate money to the ALS Association. You nominate others at the end of the video who are also supposed to take up the challenge. Several people have nominated the Avengers.”
“Are you all good?” There was a moment of clarity and Steve’s voice was serious. Then a moment of silence.
Tony relaxes a little at the AI’s assurance that his boy was physically unharmed. Peter grabs his hand and leads him to the bedroom. Tony figures that he doesn’t want the other Avengers to see him in an emotional state and lets him move to a more private location.
He laid down next to Peter, but he didn’t sleep for the whole night. When Peter awoke and flashed a lazy morning smile his way, Tony almost forgot about the mark. It had completely faded by now anyway. But he didn’t. The grin that used to brighten his day made him sick to his stomach.
Most of the individuals were skeptical at first, but when they plugged them in, they realized each bedroom would easily be toasty by bedtime. The common room would still be chilly. Tony pulled out an insane amount of luxury blankets and offered them to each member of his team.
“No it’s alright. It’s just...” Steve explained his relationship with being cold. He’d long discovered that actively repressing his fears and feelings from others wasn’t good for him. Granted, he usually still did it, but he didn’t want to portray that image to Peter, who was fairly knew to the superhero business. He wanted Peter to feel okay talking about his feelings.
“Bucky.” Steve’s sad puppy eyes were eating at Bucky’s resolve. He was the only one who could break through all the assassin training and coerce Bucky into revealing thoughts and emotions.
Steve reached up for the tool, but his hand fell a few inches short of the desired instrument. He tried again, on his tip-toes, but still wasn’t quite there. “Sorry.”
Steve hadn’t exactly been in a relationship since he was thawed out. Even before he was thawed, he didn’t get around much. There had been the few blind dates Natasha set him up on in the beginning and a couple dates with a male SHIELD agent who eventually admitted he was only attracted to his body, but nothing serious. In the thirties, PDA hadn’t been much of a thing and PDA between a gay couple was unheard of. Those who tried to show their love in open spaces were jailed, killed, or chemically castrated. They became outcasts of society. They were deviants in the eyes of their peers. Everything had to be done in privacy to ensure that the relationship was safe.
The content smile as Peter slipped into the warm water was enough to warm Tony up all on its own. They spent the next two hours exploring the many features of the spa and just cuddling as they watched the city.
The lab was filled with the AC/DC song Tony was blasting from the speakers.Peter and Tony were working side by side on their suits. On a visit to Wakanda, Shuri had commented on their technology and made several suggestions for improvements to the suit, As much as Tony wanted to stay aloof and pretend like he could’ve thought of the same things, he couldn’t lie to himself and had to respect the girl for her genius. Peter had immediately started geeking out about everything in her lab and excitedly listened to her proudly explain everything. They became fast friends. Tony knew Peter often fell asleep texting Shuri for suggestions in the lab and providing her with his perspective on inventions she was working on.
His brooding was interrupted by a whistle echoing off the snowy mountain peaks accompanied by a large object whizzing right toward them.
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony stood up and grabbed the tool himself. “Did you just say you didn’t know which one it is because you knew you couldn’t reach it?” Tony’s mouth snapped shut after his question slipped out. He was usually pretty blunt with Steve, but he still wasn’t quite sure if being small was a sore spot for the man or not..
“Mmhm,” Bucky was still out of it, his hair was tousled and his body was shiny with sweat. “Of course I’m gonna help my best guy.” He sped up his hand as Steve got close. “I’d never give up the chance to make him come undone. Isn’t that right Stevie? You love my hand. My touch. Do you want me to go faster?”
Steve gave a slight nod. He was a little frustrated though. He wasn’t trying to make a stand or bash anyone’s belief in God. Why would he choose a memorial ceremony for his fallen brethren to do that anyway? That’s disrespectful and unlike him. When he wants to make a stand, he always does it during post-fight interviews or press conferences.
Tony shrugged. “Maybe it’s growing on me.” He still hated the song, but he would listen to that whole CD a billion times to keep the smile on Peter’s face. As they drove, Tony listened attentively to Peter describe his newest modifications in web technology and how his third year of college is going. “Apparently, I’ll be able to get my undergrad at the end of this year and then I’ll be able to start work on my PhD which is good because I’ll get paid to do that and...wait, are we here already?”
Tony’s face must have turned into one of horror because Clint quickly added “If you hate dogs and have them banned from the premises or something, just remember, I’m only the messenger.”
He’d wanted to leave everything alone and he ended up getting the brunt of the consequences for Tony’s stupid mistake.
Steve grinned and Tony’s heart melted. “I’m free all day and your schedule just cleared up so I think I’ve got some plans for the both of us.” Tony started pushing Steve, who willingly complied, toward the bedroom.
“I figured I should check all the TVs after the living room one broke. Oh, and your phone is also in the lab being worked on. I figured you wouldn’t mind, right? I’m going to take a shower.”
“This is a bad idea. We should go.” Steve tried to back out of the room. “We don’t know what any of this is.”
The shouting went on and on. He tried to ignore it, but it was starting to get to him. He wasn’t supposed to be a superhero. He was just lucky enough to get the serum. He was just Steve Rogers. Maybe Steve Rogers wasn’t good enough.
“Stevie and I ran into this dame one night during our nighttime wandering and she took us back to that hotel. Except for it wasn’t no hotel back then.”
The photo was of showed Steve casually sitting on a barstool with a drink in his hand. It was clearly from the 1940’s when he was fighting WWII. The caption read, in French and English, “Captain America visiting during his leave in 1942.”
But despite the logic, the fear remained. He couldn’t stop the flashbacks of being tortured and brainwashed in a lab. He saw the grin of a man in a white lab coat as his blood burned. The grinning man morphed into a green snake. It stared at him, taunting him, daring him to fight. It coiled and shot at him. Bucky jerked away and glanced at different objects in the room. He was in a rotten mood.
Bucky cut him off with a kiss. “You don’t make me feel scared. You make me feel safe.” He blushed a bit at Steve’s shocked expression. “Today I went to get a physical and I’ve just been antsy since then. You didn’t do anything. I’m sorry for jumping when you touched me. It’s weak.”
“Ew, can we just pretend we still don’t know you’re dating so you can go back to hiding?” Clint whined as Tony stated “No flirting on my ship. You also need a technology lesson terminator.”
Steve’s eyes widened as he contemplated the situation before him. “What did I even do?” He said softly. “You wouldn’t even let me explain myself Tony. You didn’t trust me and you didn’t give me a chance to fix any problem I caused. How could you throw me out like I was nothing? Do you even love me?”
“It was easy. The base was smaller than we expected.” Steve shrugged and leaned in for a kiss. “I also get to spend the rest of the mission time off. I think I have a few ideas of how to spend it,” He smirked.
Natasha looked at him with her eyebrow raised. “He didn’t tell you why he went to all those places?”
Peter didn’t look fully convinced, but he still got up to begin cooking breakfast. It was well known that Tony forgot to eat too often when work got stressful.
Tony sighs and smacks his forehead for the fifth time on this trip. “I hate magic.” Him, Clint, Steve, and Bucky has been taken by Thor to Asgard when monsters had appeared on earth. They weren’t a huge threat, but they lashed out because they were lost and confused. Thor has promised that getting some kind of magic item would allow them to convince the monsters to return home and ensure none of them made their way to Earth ever again.
He wasn’t surprised to see Bucky on the couch too. Steve had shifted so that his legs were over Bucky’s lap and he was leaned against the arm rest. He looked tiny next to the super solider - it was hard to imagine that Steve with the serum was actually a bit bigger than his childhood friend. Tony felt relief that someone who knew what they were doing was taking care of Steve.
“I love you more than I love my own life Steve. I was unforgivably cruel to you. When you sent me that voicemail...” Tony explained his misunderstanding to Steve and he finally seemed to notice the dog on the bed.
“It’s fine Dad. I was expecting some pushback anyway since you’re always like this. I forgive you for overreacting. But what you said to Steve...” Peter’s eyes fluttered over to the screen.
Peter nodded, he could see the guilt in Tony’s eyes and trusted him to fix the problem. “Steve just left for a run,” he added before leaving for school.
A gasp erupted from the other side of the room and immediately, all three men were on edge. They relaxed when it was revealed that the woman wasn’t in any trouble, she was just a staff member who recognized Steve.
Steve stopped dead in his tracks. “Buck, you don’t need to ask permission to do anything, but can you tell me why?”
“What’s all this?” Peter curiously examined a certificate of some kind by his feet. Bucky recognized it pretty quickly and Steve pointed to a pile on his left.
Peter smiled and went into the bathroom. Tony quickly ordered delivery service from a nearby five star Italian restaurant that was known for its carbonara - one of Peter’s favorite foods. Then he joined Peter in the shower.
“Good, because that’s the truth. I will never push you to do anything you’re uncomfortable with and don’t let some misconstrued idea of my ‘preferences’ make you feel obligated to do anything.”
“Done yet Spidey?” Tony called out, still looking at the TV screen. He’d been caught trying to peek twice before and Natasha threatened to hurt him if he continued disturbing the peace.
“They’re all so adorable!” Steve nearly squealed as he intently watched a kitten paw at a ball of string. Clint laughed at loud from his spot by the Pit Bull mix across the aisle. “Every time I come here I have to restrain myself from adopting every animal in here. I love on a farm, but I think Laura will kill me if I bring in a sixth dog. The excuse that Lucky needs friends only stretches so far.”
He got a bit of the red powder on his face because his faceplate was up. Steve, on the other hand, was covered with the stuff.
“For everything. Thanks for listening to my issues and for getting this amazing hotel and for taking time off to spend with me.”
“It wasn’t bad.” Steve answered. He took in the sight before him. Clint was seated on the floor with his back against the couch. His face was entirely gray. Peter and Thor were both lounging across the couch. They each had a headband on and their faces were also covered. Peter’s was a bluish color while Thor had a pretty intricate mix of blue and grey that Steve assumed mimicked war paint.
“He went with you?” Tony was a little shocked. He also wasn’t sure how he felt about Steve not inviting him to go with anymore. He understood. He’d never exactly been enthusiastic about the outings and he made that perfectly clear, but it would still be nice to be considered.
Clint came over a plucked a painting of a building from the center. “These are really good Steve.” He admired some of the other drawings. Tony was picking through old photos and admiring his boyfriend in the old military uniforms. Steve was nostalgically rubbing his old dog tags between his fingers.
“He was more popular with men than women  before the serum and popular with both afterwards.” Bucky informed them. “Sorry, Stevie, I didn’t mean to share your business. I thought in modern times there wouldn’t be any issues telling others.”
Luckily, Steve didn’t seem to care. “No, I’m still getting used to being back in my body. I thought I was a bit taller, but I guess not.”
Bucky silently held out his arm to Peter, who promptly ran off and came back with a box full of colorful sharpies.
In the coming weeks, there would be five times Bucky showed the Avengers Steve wasn’t the nun they thought he was, and one time he was exactly that.
Steve instantly became concerned when he saw the whole team, minus Bucky and Bruce, glaring in silence at him as he arrived. He immediately assumed his battle stance.
“Nope, I think it should be the Captain. Everyone knows the Avengers are afflicted with us anyway.” Tony quickly cut in. He was still a bit wary of water even though he didn’t have the arc reactor anymore. Plus, a wet Steve would be… To bad he had to be in the waterproof Captain America gear and not just a white T-shirt.
Peter was a bit skeptical, but he sat down and shoveled breakfast in his mouth. Steve made the most perfect scrambled eggs. Peter could seriously eat them for every meal. After his hunger was satiated, he began to think about what Steve said. “If there was an issue, maybe it was something about me? Steve did say he would talk to Tony about the identity thing. I really hope I didn’t cause this.”
“The TV isn’t broken anymore.” Natasha added. “Don’t take it seriously. The media are vultures. Your life is private. You can make whatever decisions you want.”
“Alright! I’ll wait for you right here then.” Peter wasn’t expecting Tony to join, he seemed really tired, but he wasn’t complaining.
“Everything is fine.” Natasha assured him. She had a smug grin on her face. “More than fine, Clint owes me $50.” She held her hand out toward him as he fished his wallet out of his backpack.
Tony’s mind went blank. What was going on? Why didn’t Peter kiss him goodbye? Wait, that wasn’t the main problem. Why was Peter so awkward at the mention of the party? Why did he leave so quickly? That was clearly an excuse. Didn’t he like spending time with Tony? Tony’s mind spun for a bit with questions and insecurities about his relationship.
“It was probably latex or chlorohexidine. Usually reactions aren’t this severe, but considering he’s probably never been exposed before...”
The sounds of the moans were really starting to get to him. His erection was back at full mast. “Uh.” Tony’s lower stomach felt like it was on fire. He decided to just go for it. He couldn’t think all that straight, but he remembered a few moments ago he thought it was a good idea.
Life was good in the Avengers tower. The whole team, and some new additions, were getting along as well as they could at the renovated Avengers Tower. HYDRA was weak. Natasha and Bruce were in a solid relationship. All the rogue Avengers made peace with those who stayed behind and any grudges dissipated. SHIELD learned to mind their own business. Steve and Tony were hopelessly in love, but too stupid to confront each other about it. And Bucky destroyed the Winter Soldier.
“You’ve done this before?” Tony was losing it now. He wanted to think about new information logically, but his imagination was filled with scenes of the two gorgeous super soliders having sex.
Tony sighed and pulled out the first aid kit. Steve had sliced his finger chopping vegetables and Tony wanted to make sure it didn’t get infected. Steve sat compliantly in the chair: Tony would’ve, and has, done this if he cut his finger while he was super so it wasn’t special coddling. It was normal coddling.
“Mmm. Fuck.” Tony heard low moaning as he approached Steve’s door. The door wasn’t even entirely closed, so the room wasn’t soundproof like usual. Tony could imagine Steve rushing in, horny as hell, and forgetting to close the door in his haste.
“Really?” Steve looked absolutely wrecked in the best way, but Tony noticed the flash of uncertainty in his eyes. They’d been dating for almost two months, and Steve had admitted that he was worried about pleasing Tony because he was inexperienced in bed.
Peter asked to use the bathroom again when he was finished so they pulled into a gas station, Tony shuddered a bit from the thought but Peter insisted a gas station bathroom was fine. While he was in there, Tony did a quick search on his phone and altered their hotel booking. He also popped in a different CD.
“Well, I’m just going to assume you want that privacy. I’ll be in my room for the next hour watching Netflix if you need me.” Peter exited through the doorway, warily staring at Tony, who hadn’t spoken as much as normal.
“Talk on the way, I’m starving.” Sam whined and Steve laughed. Tony led them to his favorite French restaurant where they sat down for a meal.
“Better cover your eyes Cap,” Clint sarcastically called out as the woman on screen began to unbutton her shirt, “This next scene might offend your delicate sensibilities.”
“Don’t lie to me. I know she’s working a night shift right now,” Tony frowned, “Seems like your favorite pastime recently is lying to me. Did your hero worship finally clear away? Have you realized that you’re just dating an old man with a lump of wealth built from immoral means?” He hadn’t meant to let his insecurities leak into his rant, but he wasn’t thinking. His angry expression as he noticed Peter was looking back at him with a horrified, miserable look. “That’s not true,” Peter muttered. Tears started leaking down his cheeks,”I’m so sorry, Tony. I promise I was never in it for the money or the publicity or anything like that. I know that everyone’s been saying stuff about me, but I promise that it’s not true. I love you. Please don’t leave me. I’ll be better.”
“Wow! This place is amazing! I can’t believe I’m actually in France!” Peter cried, practically bouncing off the walls due to his excitement. He’d never even left the country before, besides Germany, and he was in awe of the architecture.
Tony hardly whispered back, “Why I think it’s weird? It is weird. You’ve known Peter since he was in high school. Were you pining after him this whole time? He just graduated college for God’s sake. You’re in a relationship with...” His rant tapered off when he saw the confusion in Steve’s eyes. Then he had the audacity to start laughing which woke Peter up.
Tony had to force himself to stop his hand from making a fist while he mentally vowed to find the name of the man and have him blacklisted from everything he could think of.
Tony turned to look - down - at Steve. The younger man was picking at his hands and forcing himself to meet Tony’s gaze.
So was it the time he spent working? Was he spending too much time away? Tony didn’t even like working unless it was in the lab, which also meant spending time with Peter. Whenever Tony was in his lab, Peter usually followed. He would nap on the couch along the wall, work on his own project, or just sit in the corner with his own thoughts.
“Well it’s a good thing he’s not your son so your input doesn’t matter then, doesn't it? Like you said ‘Richard and Ben and May and me’ made sure that he grew up safely, not you.”
He took a few calming breaths before entering the tower. “Times have changed. Being gay is socially acceptable,” repeated in his mind, but it was still a little difficult to internalize. He really needed to apologize to Tony.
Steve approached the door and sighed. He knocked a couple of times before Tony ordered JARVIS to unlock the door. “Hey, Tony.” Steve waited for the man to turn around and face him.
“It’s alright. The invitation still stands if you want to join us. Don’t feel obligated or anything though,” Steve continued as Tony sat down next to him, “Would you really be that upset if Peter and I were dating? I mean, I didn’t really get to know him until you and I made up. By then he was what, nineteen?”
Tony strolled into his room and pulled up a screen of the living room he had just been sitting in. He never wanted to spy on Steve per say, but he wanted to check that his lover truly was alright - the man had a bad habit of forgetting the medications, vitamins, and inhaler that modern physicians insisted he needed.
“Captain America was off gambling and drinking in brothels during the war?” Sam teased. “I always thought you would be the bad influence.” He looked at Bucky.
Tony plopped down on the floor and hyperventilated. In a second, Steve was at his side. Consoling him and grounding him like always. He stroked Tony’s hair and spoke gently to him until he was relaxed against his chest. “What happened? Are you hurt? Is Peter hurt? Did anyone on the team get injured?”
Peter glanced over the book in confusion. He was expecting a bit of banter. At least a sarcastic comment or two. Tony did not like hiking and he definitely did not like getting up early. He took what he could get though, maybe it was just the excitement from the trip. They explored the trail the next morning at dawn.
“See look this one-Whoops” Tony gripped the glass to hard and it shattered, sensing powder everywhere. The battle must’ve weakened it and Tony was still in the Iron Man suit. He should’ve been more gentle.
Tony reacted immediately. He scooped Steve up and flew back to the tower, shaking off the powder as he went. They were then sent to high powered emergency showers.
“Maybe for an alien.” Steve retorted, but he seemed less suspicious than before. He stood at attention in the doorway.
“Yep. There was a little issue with Tony, but nothing major. I actually think I’m going to go for a run before eating. Help yourself to all the eggs. A spider needs to keep up his strength.”
Tony’s mind perked up as he had two simultaneous realizations. One, Steve should be out running: he never missed a morning run except on Sundays and when he was injured. Two, Steve was a much bigger, much warmer presence on the bed than the figure who was currently in Tony’s arms.
This meant that Steve’s best friend was slowly integrating into the team. Natasha and Steve were the first to fully welcome him. They introduced him to some aspects of modern life and explained team dynamics. Peter, amazed with his metal arm, quickly warmed up to the ex-assassin and became his training buddy in a class taught by Clint. Frequent visits to Tony’s lab resulted in a warm friendship between Bucky and Tony. Sam maintained a teasing competition with Bucky for the title of Steve’s BFF. Everyone else realized what a nice guy Steve’s friend was and in the blink of an eye, he was a member of their family.
“I make you feel scared. You were shaking in the kitchen and it’s all my fault. If you can tell me what I did, I promise I’ll fix it. I’ll give you as much space as you need for you to feel…”
Steve breathed out loudly through his nose. “Tony, it’s cold in here. Come over to the couch and at least warm up. I know you’re upset about me sleeping with Peter, but he isn’t fifteen anymore so I don’t know why you think it’s so weird.”
“Face masks!” Peter exclaimed “MJ gave me some clay ones after finals finished. She says she thought I could use them, which I’m hoping wasn’t an insult. Do you want one?”
“What’s that stupid grin for?” Bucky, from around the corner yelled out to Steve. He reached up and muted his earpiece so the team couldn’t hear him speaking.
“Who do you think helped with his technology training when he was defrosted? The first time he broke his ‘respectful gentleman’ facade around me he said-“
Steve’s eyes were lidded and his lips were red and swollen. Tony must’ve been staring for too long because
Tony and Steve were as affectionate as ever since the afternoon when Bucky set stony straight. Bruce was just on the verge of a breakthrough in bringing back Captain America.
“They ground him. The first time I went with him, he told me that it was nice to know that the world hadn’t changed. There are improvements and alterations, but the basic principles stay the same. People still need a bed even if it’s bigger and fluffier and covered in a nicer bedspread than he could’ve ever imagined.”
Tony didn’t have super sight so he couldn’t see the figure, but he damn well recognized that voice. “Steve? J, turn on the lights to the lowest setting.”
Tony’s thoughts were interrupted by Bucky eagerly rustling the papers and beckoning Steve over. “Doesn’t this look like Charlie?”
It must’ve been me. I’m the one who neglects him by working. I’m never as energetic or enthusiastic as he is. Peter was always good to me and I couldn’t do the same for him. I pushed him into someone else’s arms.
Steve gave a lopsided grin. “I might not be a genius like Tony, but that seems like sound logic to me. I’m sure he’s just worried about you getting stuck in this line of work once you’ve officially revealed yourself, but I think he needs to remember that you’ve been doing this for enough years to commit. And Peter, you are a part of the team. Even if the press doesn’t recognize you, you’re an important part of our operation. We couldn’t do what we do without your quick thinking and your genius and your kind heart. Trust me, I know how it feels to think that everything special about you comes from an accident, but let me tell you, that isn’t true at all. You’re an amazing kid all by yourself. The spider bite just made that fact more visible.”
"Aahhhh, sir I can't hold it much longer!" He warned, shaking his head from side to side when Tony began to stroke him, running his thumb over the head every time. In response, Tony pushed the massager into his prostate even more, making tears sting his covered eyes.
"When did you last sleep? And please don't lie 'cause I don't have JARVIS to tell me the truth." He grumbled, ever so slightly bitter. He reached a hand out to rest over Steve's to show he wasn't truly angry, thumbing over tense knuckles.
"I like high places, Barnes. Means I get to watch everything." He declared, obviously talking offence at Bucky's inquisitive expression.
“Whoa, hey. James, I’m sorry.” She turned the device off and it ceased its buzzing. “I should have explained. This is an electric razor. It won’t hurt you, look.” She lifted her arm and turned the device – razor – on again. She held it to her arm and moved it over her flesh, leaving a patch of hairless pale skin behind. He moved forward a little to get a closer look and watched as she did it again. “See? Nothing bad will happen, I just want to get rid of your beard.” She explained.
"Who the fuck are you?" Came a strong voice from a tall, broad, muscular man standing above Tony with a confused and irritated expression. Oh great, Tony climbed into the wrong apartment. Not that he was really complaining, they guy was hot. Like Icarus kind of hot. He currently had that steamy anger thing going on that was super sexy, whether it was intended to be that was was superfluous. Tony rolled onto his front beneath the window he'd collapsed under. In his defence, he'd thought it was his own, and he was very drunk...
"Malibu." Tony answered abruptly, which wasn't exactly a lie, he just wasn't currently living there...
"No, we're done. You should put some ice on your shoulder. And tell me in future when you're hurt, I don't need special treatment." He said, a little more forcefully than he had intended. Lucky, Natasha was there to save him the embarrassment and awkward apology he had grown so used to using.
"What the hell Barnes? It's like you want to be in chains!" Clint cried, picking up his stack of dropped clothing and stalking off into a room, possibly the bedroom or bathroom.
of his head was almost as if someone was prodding him with something electrical in time to his heart, just for kicks.
Bucky frowned and let his eyes adjust, finally focusing enough to figure out who the fuzzy form in front of him was.
"Umm, thanks?" Steve guessed not knowing how else to react, this hadn't ever happened to him before.
After maybe 20 more minutes of general chitchat and lazy strolling (no matter how often Tony said to go faster), they came to a halt in front of a very old apartment block and Steve remembered it in seconds.
"And we didn't do anything. Not even Sam... Thank you Steve. For letting me in, for accepting my help." Tony swallowed and pulled away, looking up and smiling weakly.
"Tony." He blurted. "Please call me Tony." 'Mr Stark' was way too formal and too much like his father. "I'm fine, I really should be getting off your lap, wow. Never thought I'd say that. Im usually all for topping, didn't expect the conversation to turn to sex so quickly either. New record. And mow I'm rambling, great. Please shut me up. I mean hand on my mouth? Hell even knock me out, just anything to make me seem less crazy, pretty please? I'll love you fore-" Tony was stopped by the rim of a water bottle being pressed against his lips.
"Go on then, you have my permission." Tony whispered, removing his hand and pulling the toy fully out, making Steve's cock twitch and pulse in search of anything, unable to find his release.
Natalia's words were harsh but her voice was trusting, other than Steve, she was the only one who had history with him. While he couldn't remember everything, he must have done something right otherwise she wouldn't be helping. Bucky nodded once, relaxing back into the chair between them.
"I told you he wouldn't be happy." Sam called, setting two bowls down on the coffee table, laughing at the man who'd fallen to the floor in shock.
Nothing was said out loud, then the staff received a message either directly to their ear or through their phone, and one by one began vacating the space. Others were watching and listening then. It was starting to feel more and more like he was a lab rat being observed for unusual behaviour. He looked around once again, having not seen any cameras on his initial assessment.
“I’ll stay here to add 20ml of the glucose every hour, but that should run very slowly for the next 5 hours” He said, “Then I’ll run a regular saline bag, depending on how you’re doing. Try and get some more rest James, we’ll talk about the next steps when you wake up again.” He told him, but Bucky was hardly listening anymore. He was slumped down, managing to shuffle back into a lying position. He closed his eyes, too tired to worry that there were people in the room he didn’t trust. The last thing he felt before completely losing consciousness was a heavy blanket being draped over him.
Stark Tower. One thing he knew, he'd observed the place for a good week or so, he knew the area well. No apparent outside threats that he could remember. He knew Stark's security was tight, he'd seen a simple business man get thrown out, shortly followed by his Swiss Army knife...
"Hey, I didn't ask for it. I was born into it." Tony defended, crossing his arms like a petulant child. "Anyway, if you believed all the press then you wouldn't be here helping me now." He pointed out, reaching up and prodding Rogers' cheek.
"Okay, so at a guess sergeant Barns is on his way to the Smithsonian. He keeps checking his watch and has some leaflets so maybe he's going to see the one time only special Captain America show. Which I had no idea about, hey Steve! Why didn't you tell us?" Tony rambled, turning and starting towards Steve. Steve just rolled his eyes, throwing the tablet down on the sofa and walking towards the screen.
"Bruce should be able to help you out with that. Will you let us hook you up to an IV until you have more energy?" She asked, tenderly running her fingers through the last of the knots before shampooing it. Bucky had no idea who ‘Bruce’ was but he nodded anyway, knowing he had little other choice.
Bucky took the water graciously, noting how it wasn't a screw top. He could just open it with his teeth and drink. He downed it in two goes, panting heavily and feeling very glad that it was sitting right in his stomach. He handed the bottle to Clint's waiting hand before laying back fully against the sheets.
"Brunch." Steve nodded and walked forward, pulling Tony with him. Anyone would think Tony was the mentally ill one, Steve was being incredibly good natured. They did say the first step to beating the illness is acknowledging it.
All it took was for Steve to look at him with soft, glassy eyes and a pouty lip nibbled at to the extent it bled and ask:
Bucky may have grown up in the forties and been in the war, but he hated feeling grimy, especially since becoming the assassin. As a sniper he hadn't got up close and personal with the Hydra agents he was shooting. The KGB turned him into a monster, one who was used to kill up close and from afar. It took weeks to get the taste of blood out the first time. With more memory wipes came less concern and the man behind the mask hibernated in order to save himself. Now he was woken, and all the awful sensations and feelings were at the forefront of his mind. He could taste his own blood and sick, smell the alcohol and rotting food left on his body from his stay in the alleys, he could just about see how awful his hair was. He'd come to like it long, once it was past the stage where there was nothing to be done with it but let it fall into his eyes and irritate him. He knew there were patches of dried blood all over, scabs and scars that took longer than usual to disappear. Bucky was going to need Natalia to help him clean properly, especially when he only had one arm.
Quarter of an hour later and they'd got through half the sketches already, so far the Bucky/Winter Soldier pile was the biggest, but the Tony pile was slowly growing. He wanted to keep some of the sketches, they were so special, they were photos that were never captured, moments between friends, wishes that never came true. It made Tony's heart hurt to see some of them, Steve had seen his best friend die once, he didn't want to see it every time he saw a damn sketch.
"Cap." Steve groaned, this was the first time he'd managed to get back to sleep after a nightmare, and then not had another one. "Hey cap. Steve!" Tony poked his shoulder, then his cheek. "Captain Steve Rogers!" Tony shouted, climbing onto the bed and jumping so he jostled Steve. "I know your awake." He announced and Steve could tell he had his arms crossed and his eyebrows raised in that smug smart ass way without even having to look.
"James, it's okay. That's JARVIS. He's Stark's artificial intelligence and he monitors the building and everyone in it. He can't hurt you," Natalia implored, she wasn't even phased by his reaction.
"No please sir, please stop sir!!" Steve cried, trying to escape the overload. "I can't! Please don't! No sir." He continued, pulling against all of the restraints. After a minute of more of the same, Tony took pity and stopped, climbing off the bed and using the flannel to clean them both, the now cold cloth making him shiver. He then pulled off the blindfold, kissing Steve's eyelids softly before moving down to his lips.
"Yes, okay. You go Tony, please grab something to eat first. If not for you, for Steve. You can't tell him to eat and then not eat yourself." Bruce always had a way of getting Tony to do things, usually centred around him agreeing to do something Tony wanted - a compromise.
Tony simply nodded, letting go of his hand and giving his back an encouraging push forward, sighing in relief when he actually went and accepted the offer.
"Right, okay..." He started, taking breaths and releasing them, not knowing what else to say. Eventually he settled on not saying anything at all, deciding instead to curl his arm around Steve's slim waist.
“Ah, good, you’re awake. I’m Bruce Banner, Doctor and the hulk.” He introduced himself, smiling lightly, though he looked tired to Bucky.
"Tony..." Steve started, not sure what was going on. "Tony, what are we doing here?" He asked curiously, frowning in confusion. Tony turned to him, taking both hands in his own gazing intently up at him.
"God... I'm sorry. You probably didn't need this tonight..." Tony said glumly, letting Steve sit him on the lid of the toilet. He felt a little drowsy and light-headed from both the blood loss and the alcohol.
"Nat, are you feeling okay?" Clint asked seriously, placing a palm over her forehead. It immediately getting slapped away. "Jarvis, make sure that's recorded so Sam can hear it again whenever he wants." He continued with a laugh, rubbing his hand affectionally over Natasha's shoulder, kissing her temple. Sam raised his beer bottle in thanks, a subtle appreciation for the sentiment.
This was a part of the relationship that both men found they enjoyed, so they occasionally indulged; they didn't want it to be a frequent event otherwise it would stop being special. Both men also liked to be dominated and be dominating, though Steve often preferred to be submissive.
reality TV in the 21st century. Tony realised that Steve was still really far behind. So he made it his personal mission to amend it, starting with music. It was easy to slot it in between his other projects; making new suits, developing gadgets and toys for Clint and Natasha, making Steve's suite simultaneously more protective and more snug (mainly for the benefit of others, Tony told himself), he even offered to design something for Thor but the thunder God boisterously declined but thanked him with a pat on the back forceful enough to dislocate a shoulder. (
"Come on James, bathroom's through here. You mind if I help you or do you want Clint?" Natalia asked, waiting by the door for Bucky to follow. He shook his head and hurried after her as quick as his uncoordinated balance would allow, ignoring the displease sound coming from Clint.
"Dude, how do you do that?" He heard Sam question in awe. Not many people could calm the captain like this, however Thor's gentle waves of wisdom never failed to get a positive reaction from Steve. Thor simply shrugged, a slight upward turn of his lips the only indication of his smugness.
"Hey James-" the hand on his shoulder tightened and stopped him from getting closer to the other man. "Clint isn't going to be a prick and use the nickname if you don't want him to. We're good, we're going to try and keep ourselves out of chains right? You do this for us, let us help you then you won't go back in them. The second we think you're a threat we lock you up. Deal?"
Steve, and the team, already knew, Tony could tell that much. Yet Steve still asked him, Tony guessed it was why he opened up and spilled his soul for Steve to sift through like a puzzle. And that's how it began; the tight friendship. Once they passed the initial hostility, the irrational hatred his father had generated so many years ago, they were able to get to know each other. Learning the small things: birthdays (not that Steve's was hard to remember, the patriotic fucker), favourite foods, past pets, how much Steve
"Okay JARVIS, predicted destination?" Tony asked, the AI taking a few seconds before responding: "Go straight on past the Smithsonian and take the third left." Tony chuckled, pulling Steve in the right direction, his hand hot against his wrist.
"Are you sure, you feel pretty tense to me." He accused, speeding up his movements. Steve was already over the line but he was holding on so tight.
. After falling to his knees twice, Clint disappeared around a corner and returned with a wheelchair. Reluctantly, Bucky all but fell into the chair, letting his legs relax. As her hands were free, Natalia was the one to push him into the elevator and get him settled, locking the wheels even though the journey would be the smoothest ride of his life.
"Perhaps 72 hours 30 was pushing it, sir?" JARVIS' reprimanding voice echoes through the workshop. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see the disapproving look Rhodey wore so often around Tony and he elected to ignore it, choosing instead to glare at the ceiling.
“I hate to say it, Nat, but he’s got a point.” Clint said gently. There was a thud, and more footsteps, someone landing maybe? “You saw how wired he was last night, he’s in no way reasonable right now. Give it a few days and if he doesn’t listen to you then we go ahead and tell Steve anyway, he can’t exactly stop us.” He points out.
The assassin jerked into consciousness, grabbing at the chain that held his arm up. His chest rose and fell in hurried breaths, the chain rattling as he tried to keep his balance and get some idea of where he was.
"He's right though Tony, you need sleep. Do I have to sedate you again?" He asked, only semi-joking. Tony quickly shook his head, holding his hands up in a surrender and he plodded toward the lift, Colonel James Rhodes on his heels.
Natalia was already filling the large basin when he entered, he stood awkwardly on the white tiles looking around and not knowing what to do, waiting for an order. As with the bedroom, everything could fit at least 2 people and Bucky wandered if it was Starks idea of funny or if he just didn’t like small spaces.
He could even say he was grateful. Any longer and he wasn't sure he'd have survived. Still scavenging from bins and hiding out in alleys, Bucky hadn't been able to venture out into the streets. He was wrecked and constantly slipping between himself and the assassin, not to mention the fact he was clutching a metal limb at all times. If anyone saw him they would call the police in seconds and he wouldn't have a chance to run. His best bet was to wait it out as long as he could and when he couldn't he would surrender. Giving into that sleep of death where no dreams would come.
. The floor was covered in shards of glass and china, some had patches of blood on them and Tony was willing to bet that his skin had healed around missing fragments. The smaller sofa had been upturned, stuffing spilling out of splits here and there. Broken pencils littered across almost every surface, snapped in twos and fours.
“Hm, yeah I thought as much… my guess is the dose of antibiotics was too low, the infection got worse. We have protocols in place for if any of us ever lose control… Me, mainly.” He added with a slightly bitter smile. “You passed out again before we even had an opportunity to sedate you. You were brought here and medicated more to fight the infection. That was 4 days ago. You’ve been in Stark tower nearly 6 days.” He stood calmly, waiting for a response.
Smiling, Tony closed the door behind them and made his way over to the floor to ceiling length cabinet on the far wall, beaconing Steve over as he opened it and revealed its contents. Steve couldn't believe his eyes, there was such a variety: leather, metal, rope, cuffs, ties, hooks, more than he could ever have thought of. Gingerly, he went to pick up what looked like a bar with two cuffs at each end, he looked at the bed and wandered how it worked, handing it to Tony showing that he wanted to try it. He then went to pick up a couple he recognised; ankle restraints, they were soft so they didn't hurt and they enabled minor movement, not enough to shy away from what ever Tony was doing but enough to make sure he didn't get pins and needles or anything.
Bucky sat patiently and waited for Natalia to fetch a washcloth and some bottles. He straightened his legs out in front of him and watched as the water around them became a little murky. Seeing the grime leave his body so easily made him feel lighter, the knowledge that he would be clean again was almost like a physical weight off his shoulders. He’d forgotten what it felt like to be clean, and he wasn’t even half way there yet.
"This is... There aren't words Steve. This is phenomenally good, I want to frame it and show it off but at the same time I want to hide it away and keep it for myself..." Tony trailed off, his words reaching Steve's heart.
"Friends, I bought a gift to repent for my unannounced arrival. Fresh delicacies from the French city of Pa-ri." Even when using his indoor voice, Thor was loud and expelled 'high and mighty'.
"Good." Tony said, raising up on his knees and chucking the flannel to one side, swiftly bring his palm down on Steve's left cheek. Steve cried out loudly, the area when Tony's hand connected stinging like a bitch.
He currently had three different chains of thought in his head, each equally as confusing as the other. On the one hand, he had young Bucky Barns telling him that it wasn’t polite to be naked in front of a dame in such a way, especially one he wasn’t romantically involved with. Then somewhere down the line he had flickers of nights spent together with the Widow, of soft supple limbs coming together with his larger, more solid ones, of heated passion that was made better by the fact that it was forbidden. So, had they been romantically involved? Was this normal for them? The overruling thought, however, was of the cold asset, the trigger of a gun, the shell of a man who had no concept of modesty because he had no need of it.
While Bucky had thought Steve was a fantastic drawer, he never really appreciated any form of art, so this reaction was foreign to him. It was the good kind of foreign that made him feel all warm inside. A warm he hadn't felt in a while.
When he woke Steve was gone, but it was still dark. After waiting at least ten minutes and realising that Steve hadn't gone to the loo or something, Tony gingerly sat up, grabbing the two tablets and downing the water. His hangover was bad but not as bad as it could be, for that he was grateful.
It was small accomplishment but he was proud regardless. There were times when not being able to remember frustrated him so much. It was as though his mind was a corridor full of rooms, each one holding a memory, some good, some bad. He was slowly opening doors, finding some already unlocked, and in them finding the keys to other doors that he then had to hunt for. Some doors had glass windows where he could see hints of the history inside, others were solid steel with reinforced locks and Bucky could only imagine what was trapped inside. It was either so horrific that his own mind had doubled the efforts to keep it hidden or it was so wonderful that Hydra had done all that they could to prevent him from remembering.
"Im..." Tony paused, he was surprised Mr Greek God hadn't recognised him, most people did these days. Deciding it would be best for the both of them if he remained a random stranger. "Very attracted to you..." He slurred, clambering to his feet as un-gracefully as humanly possible, perching on the sill of the still open window so he didn't fall flat on his face again.
of a train on the tracks. Then the shivery sensation of lying in the soft snow. The last softness he could remember before seeing the Captain's eyes.
"You're in the basement of Stark Tower. That's Clint, he doesn't like that you put Steve in hospital, then ran from him. Don't worry though, he'll get over it..."
Steve and Natasha were called away and the didn't come back the same; Steve was in hospital and Natasha was off creating a new identity for three weeks.
"W-who?" He stammered, needing clarification. He could hear shuffling and groaning in the background, the scrape of metal was also distinctive.
“The Hulk, that’s you?” Bucky hadn’t only researched Steve in his time, he’d made an effort to know who the captain spent his time with.
“I’ll deal with the medical, you deal with the engineer.” The first voice, he still didn’t have a name to put to it, or a face. If he didn’t concentrate it almost felt like he was back under Hydra’s control.
Not that Steve minded anymore, it was sort of a compliment and he had grown accustomed to his and Tony's back and forth comments. Now though, Steve and Tony were the only ones left on the plush sofa, Bruce's thigh replaced by a cushion for Tony to rest on. He vaguely remembered the team getting up and leaving, claiming a need for more 'sweet sustenance'. At least that's what Thor boomed on his way to the kitchenette.
"No really. I live in Malibu. Im here on...work? Maybe, probably, it's not often I show up at meetings but there we go." He mumbled, pushing himself up off the windowsill, taking a second or two to steady himself before walking. The man gave Tony a look that he could only assume meant 'I do not want to feel the hangover you'll have in the morning'.
, Steve though, that was the face Steve was going to draw, the one that depicted Tony's best personality trait.
Bucky took some deep breaths and reminded himself not to panic, he wasn’t in any shape to fight every person in this room, and if he was still in Stark tower then there were plenty other people who would be here to put him down. He noticed he was still attached to fluids, they were pulling slightly, still hanging on the drip-stand. He walked over to it, seeing if there was a way to detach himself single-handed before deciding it was too much hassle.
"You're alive, oh god! You're alive. It's gonna be okay, I'll fix you. It's what I do. I fix things. Not that your broken, you're a little skinnier but your not broken. But I can still fix you, call it an upgrade. A new design, I'll make you better Steve, I'm gonna need the others help but I will make you better okay?" Tony wasn't sure if he was reassuring Steve or himself anymore but either way it worked, he got his shit together and was able to pull away and still have some dignity.
thought Steve, tilting his head in the hopes of hearing better. Seeing he had stopped, Tony turns and gives Steve an impatient look, it quickly switching to confusion when he sees Steve's face.
“Yes.” He said simply, carefully lowering himself down into the hot water and blocking out the pain of any wounds yet to be healed. When he sat upright, the water only came up to his waist. Probably deliberately done so the bandaging on his arm wouldn’t get wet.
"Can you stay?" Tony whispered, glad the room was dark enough to hide the blush on his cheeks. He felt a little guilty for asking but he was very used to having someone like JARVIS (real or AI) watching over him in case of a rogue kidnapping or just to wake him before a nightmare took hold. Steve didn't even question it, he simply pulled up the beanbag nearby and plonked himself in it, still lower then Tony but high enough to keep an eye.
For Tony the films must have been plain dull, either that or he'd been working 48 hours straight again, as he was fast asleep on Steve's leg, one hand resting just above Steve's knee, his body curled up in the foetal position, light snores escaping his mouth with every other breath.
“Not quickly” The first voice again, “He’ll need IV antibiotics for the infection, probably a nasogastric feeding tube so his body has enough energy to fight the infection. He’ll need to put on like 20 pounds before he can safely have surgery to remove the plates and anything internal.” Surgery? He didn’t want surgery.
"You want me to wake him?" Bruce asked quietly, Tony would take it better from him than anyone else. Steve shook his head, resisting the urge to run his fingers through Tony's hair.
"Okay, this is gonna sting, I'm sorry." He warned, At least this time he remembered. Tony wasn't sure what it was but Steve wasn't kidding. Once he'd carefully removed the towel, Steve began to dab at the wound with cotton wool soaked in some army regulation disinfectant and
About three hours later Steve felt Tony shift, nothing big, simply tensing his muscles before he relaxed again.
That voice was new, Bucky couldn’t force his eyes open to see who it was on his left. He absently felt gentle fingers prodding around the metal still on his shoulder. It felt almost detached from his own body.
"Okay, we’re almost done. I’m gonna need you to get out so I can drain the water and then I’ll re-fill it and let you clean your privates. And then I’d like to shave you. You can if you want but it might be hard with one arm" She inquired, helping Bucky stand and climb onto the mat. The filthy water drained quickly and Natalia washed down the bath before starting to fill it again, helping Bucky back in and handing him the washcloth.
Bucky frowned for a moment and then nodded, moving forward in the bath again so his head was over the edge. Natalia quickly got to work, tilting his head this way and that to get the right angles as she shaved off his mess of a beard. He saw it fall to the white towel and felt cleaner the more that came off.
“Before you do” Clint started, pulling out a bottle of water from the pocket behind him and handing it over.  “You'll want to drink this first, I had one hell'ov'a headache when I came ‘round from that stuff. And I had a quarter the dosage." He informed, his voice now gentler, less cold and calculating.
"I don't know if your listening, or if you care, or if your even alive..." He took a few shuddering breaths, biting one knuckle. "Nope, not going there again, your fine, everything is okay.... Steve, come on, give me some sort of sign. Anything, I don't care what. A note through the cracks? A text? Loud, heavy base, angry music? Just a hint of life, Steve?" Tony pleaded, feeling his willingness to stay there dissipate. He needed Rhodey there, the voice of reason, Tony's rationality, someone to assure him it would be okay even when he wasn't sure it would be. Rhodey was good like that, ever since they met in MIT.... Always there to pick Tony up off his ass, pry his door out of his mouth, saving him from
“It’s Tony Stark, you think he’s gonna make it obvious that there’s cameras? I wouldn’t worry, he’s not watching. Others are, though. Steve is.” Bruce told him without any warning.
"Ugh, fine!" Tony sighed, sitting up and waiting for Steve to sit back down again, laying back and using Steve as a head ready once again.
Steve gave a little wave, reaching to lean his sketchbook by the table so he could admire Tony in a way he'd not had the opportunity to yet.
Hey, hi, sorry... I am aware I said an update would come soon. This was sitting in my documents gathering dust and since I am an incapable human being I've only just got around to completing and sorting things out. So sorry in advance if this isn't up to scratch or poor in quality. I wanted to give you an update after having waited so long.
Into a cell. A glass cell in the middle of a room with various people on the outside, some he didn’t recognise, one he did. His hackles rose and he heard the monitor beside his bed begin to alarm. He was so startled by it that he forgot to be terrified of the situation.
"The KGB should have used these piece of shit films as a form of torture, playing the same goddamned scene on repeat. Sam, I hold genuine sympathy for you." Natasha said in disbelief.
"No." Tony backfired, "not deliberately at least. I have an apartment in this block and I just got the wrong one. Sorry..." He said sheepishly, a small blush tinting his cheeks. Normally, Tony would be shamelessly flirting but something about being mothered, by a stranger no less, in such a way forced him to act differently.
"JARVIS?" Tony questioned, hoping the AI had thought for him and told the group to be quiet about their houseguest.
“There’s only so much I’m willing to do, Barnes. And I ain’t cleaning your balls.” She told him when he looked at her expectantly. He swallowed and looked down, it had been a long time since he’d gone near that area with anything other than underwear and the young Bucky inside him started to feel a bit self-conscious.
Bucky pointed at the 8th floor down, wondering why the little backlight illuminating the name was down.
7 people in total. 3 guards, 2 nurses, Bruce and maybe another doctor. 2 guards on the main door, probably more outside. One guard stood by the door to the cell. The nurses were… not doing a lot. Making care notes probably, Bucky couldn’t see. The other doctor was watching with interest and Bruce was rubbing his eyes under his glasses.
"You're very drunk" the Gucci model said, voice low and patronising in a way that shouldn't have gone to his groin in the way he did. "You also need to come away from that window." He added in a softer tone. He began to walk and Tony bit his lip, he could almost see the muscles rippling under the too tight t-shirt. He practically swooned when the guy leaned up behind him and shut the window. He smelt like heaven, all grassy and musky, sweat mixed with soap and some fancy aftershave, hints of coffee on his breath.
He heard a sigh, then felt fingers brush across his forehead, moving the hair off his cheek. “I think… it’s best if we leave it a week. Get the antibiotics and nutrition going, we’ll see how he’s doing in a couple of days and work from there. Between us we can help get Steve more mentally stable then if they’re both well enough by this time next week we can re-introduce them.”
Tony moved in front of Steve and dropped to his knees also. His face was hard and almost angry, at what Steve didn't know but he was grateful he was there. He didn't know how Tony had found him, he wouldn't have been able to keep up. That didn't matter, though. Tony was there and holding him close, allowing Steve to cry into his neck like a mother might her child.
"Bruce, can I have a word?" Tony called, backing away towards the hall. Tony thought he might actually love Bruce, he didn't ask question, he understood science, and he cared. Not to mention he was a badass Avenger. He felt like he could show himself a little more around Bruce.
But on the other hand, Clint said they’d knock him out. He could have a few hours of deep completely dreamless sleep. That alone was enough to make him want it but Clint had also said that Steve had taken them. He assumed that’s who ‘cap’ was at least. And if Steve had taken them then it
"Yeah, actually. You know it's only been about 6 hours since I started." He quipped as he reached for his pad, flicking through until he found the loose sheet. This was how he liked it between him and Tony, it was casual and relaxed. It reminded Steve of his days in the Howling Commandos, the constant jokes and jibes that were so flippantly passed between them. 'Weedy Stevie' was now big and strong, now part of the group everyone wanted to be a part of, now admired by those surrounding him. "I hope you like it." Steve spoke quietly, contrasting his earlier confidence, as he handed Tony the portrait, returning his hand. He never liked showing people his art, he knew it was good but it was a part of him that he didn't want to become common knowledge. It was almost as if he was exposing a part of his soul to willingly be toyed with.
"Shit, sorry. I'll shut this up." He pulled his phone out and was about to press decline when he noticed the caller ID. Clint never called him, at least not on his phone. A few rings went by and the phone stopped ringing, Tony was left glaring at a black screen.
