Tony’s cock was properly weeping now and as much as he was enjoying the sight of Captain America naked and sitting on his hand, cheeks flushed, mouth open, sweat beading on his skin, all he wanted was to be inside him. He angled his fingers up until he hit that wonderful bundle of nerves Steve’s homophobic god had put in there as an ‘in case of emergency’ backup and Steve turned to putty on his hand, he wrapped his long legs around Tony’s waist and pulled him in, taking Tony’s fingers to the knuckles and thrusting down onto them. Tony felt the blood in him struggling to decide whether to flood his cheeks or join the rest of it in his cock and he flicked Steve again, who almost screamed and his eyes flew open.
“Why do you always have to make this so personal Tony! You did the same thing for the accords! You had to make it about you, about the kid that died because of you, not about us or about anything else but you. Newsflash not everything is about you!”
“Do you understand what you did? All for him? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU PUT US THROUGH?!”
“So do you, but I’ve never seen you in action, though I’m sure some of the other Avengers have.” Steve nearly spat.
He could almost see Steve hesitating.
“You know, for someone who is veeeeery lacking in this area of expertise you’re a fast learner Rogers. What it must feel like to be you, knowing you can take all the pounding I can give you.”
“Well you know what? You can shove your justice right up your perky little –“
“Sending the elevator down, doors will open as soon as I hang up.” Tony closed the phone without another word and stood up and went over to the wide window that served as a wall. He stared out of it, at the landing deck, memories flooding through him of what used to be. Remembering Loki’s fall here, and how they did it as a team, as a family.
“I know, I know! It’s all so fucked up and mostly your fault.”
That caused Steve to capture Tony’s mouth fiercely and their teeth clashed together with almost enough force to jar Tony’s jaw. He kissed him back, tugging at Steve’s bottom lip with his teeth, nipping at Steve’s tongue as it attempted to enter his mouth. Steve’s nose was pressed flush against Tony’s cheek and Steve rocked into him, gasping into Tony’s mouth. “Harder… Stark.” He forced out between heavy breaths.
There was the number, the number he could say in his sleep, the number he could count backwards. The number he could press now and do something good for once in his fucking life. Do something right. Why did right always feel so awful?
“Bet you didn’t know men could have those as well Captain.” Tony brought himself back up to Steve’s face and kissed him slowly, deeply and so unlike the other times that Steve had to stifle a sigh at the touch.
“Sam does, and Scott.” He burst out laughing at Tony’s expression.
“You won’t like it.”
“I don’t believe that, you lost Tony.”
“Turn the fuck around Rogers, that’s an order.”
“Yes boss.”
“She sort of gave up, and we dated briefly before, back when Hydra operated SHIELD and we were forced to spend a lot of time on the run together. But it never seems to last. We get together and then the world attempts to end… Don’t look so surprised Stark we weren’t exactly hiding it.”
“Sounds like a prom date, I also do not believe you have any friends except for Falcon and Barnes.”
“I get that a lot.” Tony wrinkled his nose and grinned.
“Ooh cold.” Tony shivered as his naked body pressed up against the glass.
“You look like a tomato but I’m not complaining…” He narrowed his eyes haughtily.
“You owe me a new sofa Steve.” Tony gasped.
“So, do I get to see what is under the suit then Iron Man? Properly, not just passing in the showers or when you’re at a party abusing alcohol.”
“You’ve already been a lot touched today Cap.”
“Oh Tony, I can’t, ah, I can’t hold on much longer.” Steve cried out and Tony heard a ripping and then Steve spat out feathers.
Then the dismay turned to anger, because being rational was not Tony’s forte. Being angry was, yelling and acting out and lashing out at those around him was what he did best. He could remember so clearly the only time he didn’t, when he sat there in that room with his head down not looking at the paperwork being passed across the table to each shocked face of each Avenger. He knew if he spoke there’d be shouting and it ended up happening anyway, when he had promised himself he wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t try to force Steve into it. Steve didn’t work that way.
Steve laughed quietly and Tony placed a hand on his chest, feeling the laughter go through his body, and his heartbeat below it.
“Oh this is not even a personal record, trust me babe.” Tony leaned down to Steve, taking in the smell of sweat and cum and sex that pervaded his nostrils.
“I’m here.”
“Good luck with that Stark.”
He pushed the head of his cock into Steve and gave a couple of quick, shallow thrusts, enjoying watching himself open Steve up, his lopsided smile grew wider and he took Steve’s hips in his hands. There was an audible slap of flesh on flesh as Tony pounded himself into Steve and Steve cried out, his head coming off his arms and his eyes flying open. Tony pulled himself back and slammed himself into Steve once more, then he started to really thrust. If Steve had thought he was being rough earlier he was in for a huge surprise. Tony pounded into Steve, he leaned over and shoved his shoulders down into the sofa then dragged his nails across Steve’s ribs as he thrust into the super soldier with all his strength. He left Steve’s cock to bounce and throb, enjoying the sight of it as it bounced in and out of view with every thrust. Now Steve was groaning, moaning and almost sobbing into the sofa, Tony leaned forwards and stuck his lubed fingers in Steve’s mouth.
“I couldn’t keep them cooped up; they have like 3 floors to swim on.” Tony shrugged against Steve’s chest.
. He marched up to Steve and narrowed his eyes, his jaw set.
Steve didn’t reply, but he shifted his ass under Tony’s hands and Tony took the meaning. He pulled his other hand back this time, replacing his other hand on Steve’s waist and steadying him. He slapped Steve’s left cheek with all his might and Steve groaned into his arms, he could almost see Steve biting down on his lip, trying to hold the sound in.
It had been months, over a year, no, Tony was not going to give the exact number; he had definitely not been counting the days. Months of no contact, of Steve being the ‘good friend’ and giving Tony space. He didn’t want space, he wanted Steve here right now, wanted him yelling, wanted to yell at him until no more words came to him. Wanted answers, good answers, bad answers who gave a fuck just fucking answers.
As the impostor carried him out of the jail cell and down the hallway, Tony wasn’t at all surprised to see not-Bruce just down the hallway when they rounded the corner. When not-Bruce spotted
Except that he did. What if it
to go get a shower and at
, he was nice to me, but... in the beginning, I think it was more of a sense of admiration. Not only is he extremely smart—far smarter than I can ever
"Does
"I've got it," Bruce gasped, grinning wider than Tony had seen before—definitely not helping with that whole 'mad scientist' look.
"We should get ready to take Hydra down before they just take the weapons and go," Steve said before Bucky was able to reply. "Tony, you and I should go right. Bucky, go left. Clint, keep an eye on Bucky, he'll be solo at the moment."
Leaving Clint to scold Bucky about going to medical, Tony headed back over to where Steve was trying to calm the people down.
—and he learned that Bucky had been tracking down the Hydra agents, trying to stop them.
"They love you," Steve argued, crossing his arms. "There's no way that you can possibly say that they don't, because you know that's bullshit. The team loves you, nearly as much as I do."
love it.” He smiled, spinning the ring on his finger again. “Steve did such a good job with it. I can tell he put a bit of time and effort into this, even if the team can’t.”
Tony was gone because he’d been so absorbed in that simulation that he hadn’t even been able to figure out if that it was all a lie.
His family was here, with Peggy. But his team? He needed to know where they were, too.
“Nope,” Steve replied honestly, watching Tony process that information, too.
instead of her.
“Hmm?” Peggy spoke up. Just for a second, she didn’t look like Peggy anymore. She looked like… he wasn’t sure. She looked like a stranger.
should’ve known that.”
"I'm real... we're real," Tony said. Bucky's eyelids fell closed, and Tony moved forward to kiss his forehead. "I promise, we're real. This is real."
you.”
, sounded nice. As long as he didn't have to watch the sky for dragons that would take him back to its castle, like that one had been talking about when it grabbed Tony the first time.
"I brought food... I didn't realize you two would be so busy," Steve said. The way he smiled, the way those beautiful blue eyes of his looked, Tony knew that he was happy to see them getting along.
"Something else we have in common," Bucky said, heading over towards the elevator. "Don't stay up too late you two—I wouldn't want that beautiful car to get messed up if you're too tired to fix it correctly."
taught him how to manipulate the holographic screens he used long ago—before he looked around for his genius.
to go check on Tony.
He'd never really thought before about 'what if something happened that left me scarred or damaged or anything' before, until he'd suddenly became old. Then he couldn't help but think 'what if this can't be reversed,' or 'what if I'm in a horrible accident and I'm all messed up,' or 'what if I don't even look like myself anymore.' Those were all thoughts that had been spinning around in his mind during the past twenty-four hours.
they were supposed to get home. True love's kiss.
He was a little concerned when his boyfriend stared at him like he was crazy. "But... I thought you wanted to find Bucky."
“Go back to bed, kids,” he spoke up, flinching when their voices seemed to echo with a distinct, machine-like tune.
"We don't need to," Steve said. He had the patience of a
, he knew it wouldn't, not when another two people ran over to help out.
to help, but obviously wasn't able to call the suit to him to be able to protect him and protect the citizens, for several reasons.
Tony pressed his face to his husband’s chest, for the first time actually letting himself cry over the fact that Steve was awake and in his life, that Steve had remembered and chosen him over the family that he could’ve had in the simulation. He’d been so strong and optimistic the entire time, and now? Now he was able to just let it out.
smell that always seemed to hang around the building, and he didn't feel any sort of panic at being in a hospital. What did startle him was the fact that someone was holding his hand, because the moment that he was awake, he felt someone give his hand a gentle squeeze.
them. He had armor on, he'd be fine. Swooping down once more with eyes only on the big gun, Tony ignored the little bots that were chasing after him. It only took a moment or two for Clint to shoot all of the flying robots from his long-range spot. A couple of high-powered blasts were enough to destroy the last big gun, and the moment that it was gone, both super-soldiers came in and started taking down the Hydra agents.
If the whole system went down, then Steve would
“Not everyone is happy with that,” Peggy muttered. “You know, Stark called me again, wanting to show you more of those crazy inventions that he was making.”
This couldn’t be happening. The
“Everything’s fine,” he whispered to Tony when he took his spot at the end of the aisle. “I know weddings can be stressful, but I have no worries about this one.”
“I love you so much… and I really do wish that you’d just wake up already,” Tony whispered. He didn’t have a chance to feel sad, though, because Steve’s heartrate monitor—the one that Tony had
"You just wanna take all the attention, punk," Bucky smirked, crossing his arms.
“Honey,” Peggy whispered. “Please… I need to know that you’re never going to leave me. Understand? We have
He knew that it devastated Tony, seeing Steve so happy with someone else. Getting him to turn the monitor off had been the best decision. It was hard for Bucky to not turn it back on, though, and see exactly what was going on. In that virtual world, Steve had the family that Bucky knew he always wanted. He had Peggy back—not
,” Tony whispered. It was more than perfect. He’d never been so happy—he’d never been so truly in love.
“Ugh,” Loki said, just barely managing to not drop him on the floor. “You dare use the god of mischief as a napkin!” Peter giggled ferociously in Loki’s arms, which were outstretched far from his body.
He should have predicted that Peter would not be on the couch.
“I didn’t want to have to do this,” Loki said, preparing to snap his fingers, “but you leave me no choice.” he snapped his fingers and Peter lay in his arms, still soaking wet.
Steve pulls him impossibly closer, their noses touching. “I love you, Tony,” he breathes gently, savoring every moment he has with him.
Tony was taking cautious steps toward him and carefully reaching out a hand.
“Well, looks like Petie can tire out even the god of Mischief himself,” Tony said, strutting into the living room holding in a laugh.
They watched the show for a while longer, and then Loki saw that it was 8:00.
Thanks for the support guys! I really appreciate it. I think I am going to keep going on through the milestones in their relationship so stay tuned for that! Comments, as always, are greatly appreciated.
“Don’t do anything stupid until I get back,” He says, swallowing back the tears.
Peter stuck out his tongue and hobbled through the doorway.
Steve stood and dressed with trembling hands. He shaved, and cut himself a few times but he left his apartment on time to make it to the cabin.
“I guess it’s time for bed,” Tony said, placing a kiss on Peter’s forehead.
Steve didn’t hesitate, just kissed him harder and held him closer and closer. His mind spun and his heart clenched and he thought he was going to drown in the kiss-
He taps his fingers nervously on the steel, “I am here to see Tony Stark.”
Half an hour passed, and with one last look at the child snuggled up to him, he felt his eyes close and he fell asleep.
Steve played with the glass in his hand, “you were the most selfless, bravest, smartest man I ever knew.” he said, swallowing in his dry throat.
Steve smiled sadly, but forced out a laugh, “you have no idea.” The room fell silent for a moment, each of them considering the words spoken.
“Do you mean a bottle?” Loki said cautiously.
Loki unsuccessfully lunged for the toddler and ended up falling ungracefully onto his back.
Steve’s throat constricted and his gut began to burn. He bit down hard on his jaw to hold in the tears. “Thank you, Pepper,” he choked out.
“Peter,” he said quietly, pushing open the door. There he was, wrapped in between his dad’s pillows, clutching one of their shirts in his tiny fist. He had wet streaks down his rosy cheeks.
“I’m sorry I am not so easily persuaded to let the man who tried to destroy New York babysit my son!” Tony said.
He holds Tony close, arms wrapped around each other as the dance to the music. They built a life for themselves here, and maybe there are no aliens to kill and no bad guys to catch, but they are happy. Steve brushes a few of Tony’s early grey hairs from his face and smiles.
“Baba,” Loki repeated, unpausing the show and getting up to grab the bottle.
Apparently, he had created a playlist, because ACDC started blaring on the house speakers and soon Tony had ripped off his jacket and was dancing, followed by Steve who grinned as Tony tried to teach him how to do it.
Tony stopped kissing him and gently ran a finger over his chin. “I know.”
“It’ll be alright,” he says because he doesn’t know what else to say. He hates that he's doing this, leaving him alone. A part of him wishes they were teenagers in the Brookline apartment again, dancing slowly to Benny Goodman with the blinds drawn. That life was gone, he had lived it.
At this accusation, Peter began crying on loudly, still sticking high up on the ceiling.
“Not done yet capsicle,” he said, more loudly than necessary screwing in a nut. “Gotta wrap up this project or Peps gonna get pissed off.”
They walked back into the mansion laughing together, and as soon as they got in Tony looked at the ceiling and said, “JARVIS, play my music.”
Tony gave him a disbelieving smile and snatched it from his hands. Against Steve’s persistent request, Tony flipped through the pages and saw countless sketches of himself. In clothes, he didn’t recognize, with people he didn’t know, and a little girl and teenage boy frequently placed at his side. Tony’s smile dropped.
Steve’s eyes glisten red as he smiles, “The biggest.”
Steve's heart raced, what if she knew? He would never be allowed to see Morgan again, maybe that would be for the better, he didn’t deserve to see her any-
That’s when he noticed the master bedroom was ajar.
“You know I can’t do that.” He said, voice gentle and commanding.
“Sir, you have a visitor at the door,” JARVIS says.
“I Loki, son of Odin command you to come down here this instant!” He stomped his foot on the ground.
He was Captain America, after all.
“Yuck,” he bumbled.
“No,” Steve says, picturing Tony's grin, “No I don't think I will.”
Sometimes he could swear Tony saw it in him, with the way he smirked and tilted his head when he caught Steve staring. His brown eyes would twinkle and he would run a hand through his hair. Steve fell a little more in love every time.
He combed his hair at least three times and took far too long to pick the suit he was wearing. It was his favorite suit, it showed off his broad shoulders, so he glanced nervously in the mirror one last time and stepped out of the bathroom.
She laughs, “Well Mr. Stark doesn’t just take visitors, sir, not without an appointment.”
“Where are you, you petulant child!” he shouted, checking the ceiling only to not find him there.
“Sure, when do we leave?” Steve says.
Steve can feel Tony’s eyes rolling as he turns around, face covered in oil and sweat. Steve reminds himself to breathe.
“Yes, Magic.” Loki said happily.
Sam sits cautiously beside him and remains quiet for a moment.
“To cryofreezing, time travel, and tailored suits,” Tony said, running his eyes up Steve’s suit.
“You want to catch dinner, cap?” Tony asks him, walking out from his lab and into the living room where Steve sat.
They collapse into an embrace, but it’s not one of sadness. It’s one of acceptance and long sated love, and Steve pulls away with tears in his eyes. He doesn’t take his eyes off of Bucky until he’s on the platform.
It was a (semi)  quiet day in the shop. Steve dragged a chunk of charcoal across the canvas, trying with every move to perfectly capture how Tony’s eyebrows curled when he figured out a problem, how his hands skillfully crafted pieces of machinery, and how his muscles curled under his Black Sabbath shirt.
“Here you are Peter,” he said happily.
“I didn’t say you could cuddle with me,” Loki said, annoyed.
Tony nodded and closed the sketchbook, “it’s probably best for both of us if I don’t know who she is.”
“Stay here,” he commanded, placing Peter on the changing table and traveling to the dresser to grab a shirt that happens to have Iron man’s face on it.
She lead them into Tony’s workshop downstairs, the room that most reminded Steve of him in the whole house. They sat next to each other on the couch and Pepper sniffed her nose.
“Uncle?” Tony said curiously.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and the walked out the door together with a few final glances to their son.
Steve persisted, and, no words needed, gently pried Tony’s hand off the wrench and kissed him.
“How’s it feel?” he asks.
“Your father is not here right now, he will be back later,” Loki said, annoyed.
“Spiman!” Peter said clumsily in incoherent baby language, gesturing his hand to the tv.
“Which is?”
“Peter?” Loki said nervously, “Where did you go,”
Steve remained speechless.
Though his muscles are worn, and his face is wrinkled, his memory is sharp, so he closes his bright blue eyes and recalls one more memory.
His throat burned and churned as the sobs escaped him once again, failing to let him breathe at all. He continued on, pounding the floor with his fist until finally, Steve pulled his ass off the floor and looked in the mirror.
“Steve, Steve,” Tony said a little panicked, pulling away slightly. He ran a hand over Steve’s cheek and it came back wet. “Steve what’s wrong, I’m sorry I shouldn’t have assumed-”
“Goo nigh uncew woki,” Peter mumbled from Steve’s shoulder.
“Then we have our own future to make, Steve,” and they walked up the stairs together.
Sam pauses and looks at the ring, “You want to tell me about her?” he asks, corner of his lip turning.
His reflection was one of a broken man. His soaked hair was thrown in every which direction, his usually shaved beard had grown an uneven stubble around the gashes in his face.
“Steve, can we talk?” She asked, sadness in her voice.
Tony hadn't really planned on falling in love with Bucky, but he
No matter what Tony tried saying, Steve had been able to see through that mask from day one. Whatever the public seemed to think, Steve knew that they were wrong—they didn't know Tony the way that he did, the way that the team did. That's why the team loved Tony as much as they did—because they didn't listen to what the media said, they just got to know Tony and made their own conclusions.
could do, which meant that getting mad at Bruce… It wasn’t fair. Tony sighed, but there wasn’t anything that he could say to his friend right now. Luckily, he seemed to understand.
know already? Was I really just fooling myself into thinking that I had a secret identity? How long have you known?"
as a couple. She never hurt him though. Lots of lovers he used to have hurt him in the past—they got violent.
the blue soul added sympathetically.
“There hasn’t been a single day that he hasn’t been in here, waiting for you, telling you about what’s been going on and about what you’ll be waking up to find,” Natasha said.
Steve stared at the beast.
Steve chuckled when he watched whatever Stark had been trying to cook catch on fire, causing the man to leap backward in shock. Thankfully Jarvis was around to make sure that the kitchen didn't burn down. "Definitely a genius."
Just right as Tony was having second thoughts and too many regrets—he should've told the whole
"I was waiting for you to tell me... There must've been some sort of reason as to why you didn't want to tell anyone," Steve said, shrugging. When the Iron Man suit opened, he offered the man a hand to pull him out. "I wasn't sure if you were just worried... that we wouldn't want you on the team, or what, but I know that
“I talk with Clint about a lot of stuff… but I think that one of the last things we discussed that he didn’t get to hear about was when you were redesigning the arm, and I was down in the lab with you, and I was making a bunch of suggestions about
A slight smile crossed his face when he found Tony passed out on the old couch he kept in the room, clutching tightly to a screwdriver like a child might hold a teddy bear. He carefully pulled the screwdriver from Tony's hands, placing it down onto a workbench, before he gathered the shorter man up in his arms. Tony mumbled something in his sleep and snuggled closer, pressing his face to Steve's chest. The super-soldier smiled as he carried his boyfriend upstairs to their room. It wasn't until he settled Tony down and pressed a kiss to his forehead when the genius stirred.
“No… they just didn’t like that it glowed. I warned them about taking it out… so they just made me wrap it up to block out the light,” Tony mumbled, smiling as he pulled the blanket tighter around him. “It was really cold at night, thanks. Don’t know why they took my clothes, but… made it easier for them to try to break me, I guess.”
“A soul for a soul, there was never supposed to be a way to take it back,” the Red Skull spoke up angrily,
hangover right now, and he needed some coffee
Bruce seemed to understand what he was suggesting as he politely excused himself from the room. Tony gingerly climbed up onto the bed and stretched out, giving his super-soldier the best puppy-dog eyes he could. Steve just chuckled and climbed up onto the bed, curling around him while making sure not to hurt him.
. He’d rather never see those blue eyes of Steve’s than know that he didn’t prevent his lover’s death.
Tony grinned at him, because if he didn’t… they’d see through his cheerful act.
"My Tony's always had... insecurities, but I never would've thought that he felt so poorly about himself to not tell anyone that he's Iron Man," Steve sighed. He leaned back against the doorway. "Seeing your team makes me miss my own. I'll have to keep an eye out for the alternate versions of your team, back in my own world, because Tony and Bruce are the only ones that are familiar."
Clint just did the mature thing and stuck his tongue out at Tony. "I got over that, and I've been trying to help him past that, too. It's just not an easy road, you know?"
"I don't want to have to hide from you guys anymore," Tony said, leaning against Steve while the rest of the team backed off a little. Steve kept himself curled around the shorter man, knowing that it made him feel safer by the slight hum he gave before he pressed himself closer to Steve. "I thought... I thought you'd see the Tony Stark that the rest of the world sees, and you wouldn't want me on the team because I wasn't good enough..."
"That's only because I showed you that place!" Tony laughed, but then he bit his lip. "I should continue trying to see if Bucky's anywhere near here. He couldn't have gotten far—"
"I wouldn't be surprised if my own Tony was doing the same," Steve said. "Though I have a feeling that he'd want to drag me into it, too, so... It almost feels like I'm home right now, but..." He glanced down at Stark with a sad smile. "You look different enough from my own Tony for me to not be able to ignore..."
,” Tony snapped, gripping Steve’s jaw with one hand to force them face to face. “What would we have done then?”
There was something that the Red Skull hadn’t known, hadn’t been able to foresee even with that infinite wisdom of his while he led people here for the stone. The stones hadn’t
“Where’s Tony?” Steve demanded, trying to control his breathing. Freaking out wasn’t good for anyone, and if he calmed down, his team would answer him.
Marriage? It wasn’t something Tony ever thought he’d do. Why get married? Before it was because he was a playboy, and then it was because he was a superhero living a dangerous life. He didn’t have time to date until Steve came around, and then… well, he never thought about marriage. There was always a chance of dying out on the field, but…
—you can’t just go around
them? No one was supposed to know!"
"For the past couple weeks," Tony said. At least some things didn't change between different dimensions. Knowing that things were working out in this dimension made him feel better about his own relationship with his own Steve. After all, if they were together in multiple universes, then perhaps they really
"I know," Tony snapped, though hearing it from someone else made him feel a little better. He wanted to hate Bucky—he wasn't sure
Steve nodded. "The same with my team—I'm proud to have them at my side."
"You're not going
"I'm sure," Iron Man assured him, putting an armored hand on his shoulder. "When I last spoke with him, all he could talk about was you." Iron Man chuckled, his robotic voice still sounding odd to Steve. He wished that he could meet the man inside the suit, because he knew that someone was piloting the suit, and that man he considered one of his closest friends. "You're still worried about the fire?"
Tony was a little surprised by the caring smile that stayed on Clint's face. The archer looked over at him. "Next time, we'll build a robot that keeps us from doing dumb things while we're drunk. I'll get Jarvis to remind me not to dare you to build dangerous things while we're drinking."
"I'll make sure it's safe," Tony said, glancing back to make sure that Steve and Bucky were behind him. No one was going to be hurting Bucky again, he’d make sure of it. Tony turned his comm. back on. "How's Hydra looking?"
Tony smiled over at him, and in that moment, it really just felt like any other normal day with his husband. He loved spending time with him, just the two of them. As much as they both loved the team, they
"I missed you so much," Steve whispered. "I thought you were dead... if I'd known before, I would've been searching for you. They wouldn't let me go on the search missions, and when they told me that you were dead—"
But this was more than just the two of them. This was something bigger, something larger than just the two of them.
"The comms are always on... you've been in battles with us before, Buck, you should know that," Tony said.
"Fury was pretty pissed that you weren't there, but he actually seemed concerned about you once he saw Steve," Clint spoke up. "I think you're finally starting to grow on him, Tony. He's never yelled at us so much to make sure that you were okay."
control over himself, and there were two times already where the Avengers had to calm a giant, feral wolf and keep him from hurting anyone—or
Maybe he really should try harder to accept Barnes. He could relate to the man a lot...
He was hoping to get a room before the ritual so that he could change his clothes—yes, he looked like a civilian right now, but underneath those clothes he had his Captain America suit on. It was starting to get hot, but he could deal with that for a while.
"I believe you, Steve. We're all different here. You should've seen Bruce and Natasha!" Tony chuckled, untying the ropes. "There you go, you're all free. Why didn't you just try running off? I'm sure you could've outrun those guys."
"I know," Tony groaned, which just made him feel worse. He knew that he needed to be nicer, but he just couldn't handle the situation and no one was letting him have any alone time. Normally he'd just go to the lab and work out his stress, but now? Now it was too
"If you call me pipsqueak
"Just a flesh wound," Clint murmured, though he didn't seem to mind the attention that he was getting from the super-soldier. "I'm fine, Buck, really. What's up with these people? Do they really not know the Avengers?"
"Actually, I'm bi, so..." Tony mumbled, shrugging. He could feel Steve's gaze on him. God damn it, why did Bucky have to say that? Tony flinched a little when Steve put a hand on his shoulder.
“Every time he’s in here with you, he can actually remember who he is,” Natasha added.
, though, Steve wasn't sure if he'd have learned of Tony's secret. So maybe it was a good thing that the portal had been created. Either way, Steve was just glad to know that the man he loved was the same man he trusted with his life on the battlefield. That made everything so much better for him.
"You're nothing more than a group of
"Hey," Steve murmured, taking Tony's hand ever so gently. He looked so calm, and Tony couldn't help but feel better upon seeing his warm smile. "Quit looking at your phone—I don't care
“It’s almost sundown anyway, so you should stay—the forest isn’t the safest place to be in at night, because her creatures tend to live there—once they become mindless beasts, they’re drawn to the forest because this is where she used to live,” the woman explained, gesturing in the direction of the town square. “There’s only one way to get rid of these beasts, and it’s the ritual. It’ll keep everyone safe.”
“Peggy, where’s Tony?” He couldn’t help it. he needed to know.
, Tony. It doesn’t matter that we can’t have kids biologically together. That’s
“Stark, come ‘ere,” probably-Bucky said, waving him over. Tony was a bit nervous, but Bruce and Steve led him over.
job, but you're falling asleep on your feet, Bruce," Tony said. "I don't even know how you're still awake right now."
how much they meant to him first!—it was all suddenly over. A flash, just as it had been last time. He was still standing, dazed, blinking rapidly to try and clear his eyesight as the bright light was suddenly gone.
been so close. He'd been willing to have Steve let go of him when Bucky had turned up again, because he knew how in love Steve was with Barnes. But he and Steve had been dating for nearly two years at that point in time, and Tony was one hundred percent in love with the super-soldier. Apparently Steve was in love with him, too, because the blond didn't know what to do.
. Well, exhausted but happy.
wolf, so carrying a super-soldier out of the town wouldn’t be a problem for him at all. Steve clung tightly to the werewolf’s fur, and the moment that he did so Tony charged off into the trees.
"Why is everyone so worried that I'm going to get hurt?" Clint asked as he unmuted his comm again. "I swear, you guys must just think I'm not capable of being on this team!"
"I thought it was pretty obvious," Bucky commented, and Steve glared at him when he noticed the smug look he had. "I mean, you take a lot of pride in that suit. I didn't think you'd let anyone else fly it. And I thought everyone knew... until no one said anything about it, and when I asked about Iron Man..." He shrugged. "Guess you guys
Steve smiled, hugging Bucky tightly before he left. Jarvis alerted him that Buck would be under careful supervision, and that if there was to be an incident during the night, he would be detained accordingly. The AI promised Steve that every measure would be taken to make sure no harm was brought to Bucky if something
The beast’s lips drew back in a snarl, eyes narrowing at him.
The way that Clint winked at him told Tony that he'd seen the look that he had shared with his husband, and he was just trying to give the two of them some space. Clint was
"Unless Clint wanted to tease Bucky some more," Tony chuckled, grinning when Steve leaned down to kiss him again.
"And what about you?" Steve asked, frowning. "You're always around it—what if something happened to you while you were working on it?"
"Babe," Tony complained, and Steve laughed, backing off enough to start stripping his clothes off. With careful hands he started undoing the buttons on Tony's shirt, stopping though when he noticed the uncertainty on his husband's face.
The woman scoffed at him. “The ritual is to help keep
Bucky smirked and helped Clint over to the door. Tony hurried over to his suit. He'd only taken it off so that he'd be able to patch his friend up without worrying about hurting him. Instead of letting Bucky take Clint off to where he thought was best, Tony made sure to grab the archer and shoot off into the sky before Bucky could yell at him.
When he came to, gasping for breath, Steve rolled over. Panic ran cold through his veins when he realized that Iron Man had turned them so that Steve would be spared from the worst of the impact. Scrambling off of the suit, he started to freak out a little.
"A few days doesn't seem so bad anymore," Tony said, crashing down onto the bed. The moment Steve had settled down, he rolled over so that he was face to face with his lover. Steve just smiled at him and snuggled closer. Why had he even been worried in the first place? Of course his husband would still love him. He never should've doubted that.
if you're lying about your health," Bruce said as they walked down the hallway,
Tony couldn’t help but reach out to Steve as he approached, taking his fiancé’s hands in his. “I love you.”
they could leave.
, which is what Steve heard about before he got there. They were doing a sacrificial ritual to protect their town, and Steve hoped that the sacrifice didn’t include burning the witch—he needed her to turn Tony back.
“…Yeah?” He wasn’t surprised that Steve wasn’t asleep yet. The super-soldier had told him all about the grave and the fact that the man had programmed in the ‘your whole family is dead and it’s all your fault’ sequence for when he woke up, which had been why he’d been reacting so…
"You said you were drinking? Come on, let's go get you something for the hangover that you no doubt have by now," Rogers murmured, and Tony smiled as him, taking his hand. No matter which universe he was in, he'd always be comfortable around Steve.
your advice, because no matter
Now, though, the lab was on lockdown and the suit was off and Tony was lying on the couch, trying to control his breathing. It wasn't a panic attack, he hadn't had those for quite a while, mostly because of Steve, but.... this was different. He just couldn't breathe well.
happen."
He’d always wanted a large family. When Peggy had decided that she was ready, the two of them started a family. While she wasn’t happy about not being allowed out on the field, she was happy about the kids. Steve could see that they made her just as happy as they made him.
. I'm sure you're not the image of perfection either, but we're not locking
the red soul whispered.
"Thank you, Bruce," Steve said sincerely before he let Tony lead him down the hallway. "I know you're not happy about this, Tony. I'm not either. But you need to lighten up a bit—Bruce is trying his hardest. Everyone just wants to know that you're okay right now."
He paused to stare Steve right in the eye.
to hurt his family, he’d kill them all. Every last alien that got in his way. No one was allowed to hurt and deceive his team,
As wonderful as they worked together, though, a dangerous situation was a dangerous situation, and he was on edge.
The super-soldier crashed down onto their bed, rolling over to make room for Tony. He then reached out like a child who wanted to be handed something, giving Tony his best puppy-dog eyes when Tony didn’t immediately jump into bed with him.
"I understand," Bucky murmured, and he handed his gun to Steve. It seemed like a good sign of trust—though he knew that there was no doubt that Bucky had several more weapons, probably at least a few more guns.
“We could help him figure out how to control those powers,” Steve offered. The easygoing smile on his face was enough to make Tony relax. “I mean, none of us are mutants, but the Avengers are smart enough—we’ll figure it out. Peter needs a home, and I’m sure they want to set it up as a foster-like situation in the beginning, just to make sure that he’d be a good fit for our family, but… Tony?”
, Clint, of
"We need to do this more often," Steve said, smiling as he walked down the street hand in hand with his boyfriend. While Tony had seemed a bit anxious earlier in the morning, he was just glad to see that his genius had calmed down. Whatever was bothering Tony
“Steve.” The sound of Bucky’s voice made him turn around, surprised. He looked around and couldn’t hide his joy upon seeing his team was there in the room.
were his family—trusted him, but… he
Tony! “Why’d you leave?”
He was so happy for the both of them. He'd wanted his friends to be happy, it was all he really wanted for any of them! That's why he was still trying to hook Bruce and Natasha up—he could
Tony froze when Bucky came running into the room. “Tony—”
“So how was your day?” Peggy asked. She was pulling the sheets of cookies out of the oven while Steve was getting the children into their chairs.
of technology over there," Steve reported. "I'm not sure if even
"This
“Well, if you guys already heard, then I don’t need to tell you,” Tony said, turning around as fast as he could to leave.
hours and I think it's time for a break. You two need more than just a little food—some rest would do you good."
," Tony groaned. One thing that he hadn't missed that whole day was the overprotective, overbearing teammates that he loved
Bucky pulled sharply away from Steve, stumbling backward as he looked around. It only took a few seconds for him to see Tony there. When Steve had shouted
“Hey babies,” Steve murmured, kissing both of their heads. “How’s your day been?”
So he was used to looking around, making sure that people weren't watching them, taking pictures of them, glaring or sneering or just acting
"You... are okay, right?" Bucky asked, sounding cautious. As a super-soldier, he probably didn't need to think about aging so much. None of them really thought about it—they were too busy fighting evil and sorting out family matters to think about the idea of one day being old. Now though? Now the very thought was staring them all in the face.
“We won’t,” Bruce assured him quickly, no doubt noticing his panic. “We’re so sorry, Tony. If it means anything, none of us were laughing at you, we just thought it was all a joke…”
"Thank you," Tony said, giving his husband a quick kiss before he could stop himself. Steve had kissed him several times thus far, but Tony was still worried about what he might've thought about the way he looked now. Steve still had that easygoing smile on his face, and he was still watching Tony with that same look of love that he'd always given him.
"I know it's the same person every time," Steve had replied, not missing the look on Tony's face or the way he refused to talk about his 'bodyguard.' They needed to talk, they really did.
"I've never complained when you called me Shellhead, Winghead," Tony said, grinning. When he'd started calling Iron Man 'Shellhead' back when the team first formed, Steve had been so glad that Iron Man had started calling him 'Winghead' because he knew that it was a part of the friendship that they'd built by fighting by one another's side. "I... I've tried so hard to keep...
. "I'll wait as long as you need—we'll be back to normal in a few days. You know that I'm happy with just holding your hand."
"Yeah, go on, laugh it up horse boy," Bucky muttered. "At least Clint and I have a way of getting out of here."
broken.
is, but Peggy won't tell him.
"I'm not old anymore—it's great," Tony said, grinning. "No more chest pain, no more aching joints. I'm good."
there made him feel relaxed and happy. He hadn't felt that around someone in a long time.
“Hey birdbrain, you’ll never guess what happened,” Tony said once he’d grabbed his coffee. He took a seat at the table and struck a dramatic pose, sticking his left hand out so that his teammate was able to see the ring up close.
Clint looked like he was ready for battle, bow aimed and raised from the moment he appeared. It only took a moment of looking around the room for him to put his bow down and run over to Tony, wrapping his arms tightly around the other man in a surprise hug.
"That's incredible," Bucky murmured, mesmerized with the fact that his arm was working again easily and painlessly. "You're going to have to show me how to do that."
to be around Bucky too much, he didn't—what if Steve changed his mind? He was already terrified for the moment that Steve realized that he wasn't good enough and he'd rather be with someone better... like
Steve's eyes flashed open, surprised to see the red and gold mask of Iron Man just inches from his own face.
and all of her
them. Iron Man wasn't a secret in this universe. Why didn't he keep that secret? Tony reached for his arc reactor, stumbling out of the chair he'd been in.
“Holiday?” Tony spoke up, confused but still hurt and upset.
you'd want to fix my arm," Bucky said. He'd been at the tower for the past two weeks, and since there hadn't been a serious incident—and Steve still hadn't left him, that was a good sign—Tony decided that it would probably be a good time to fix up the man's arm. After all, he said he would, and the broken arm
“He barely let us get you onto the jet to get you back to the tower… he’s really protective of you right now,” Bucky said. He looked unsure as he added, “He said that there wasn’t a cure, Steve.”
“How ‘bout we call them in a few hours, after we’ve actually managed to get some sleep? We’ll let them know that we’re
thing that he wanted. If anything, he was going to take some time to leave, but he would
Did Steve still have the serum? Tony assumed so, he assumed that the serum wouldn't have just magically disappeared from his system. Would the serum keep any health problems away? Perhaps he'd know if he had stayed and had done the physical that Bruce had suggested. In fact, he still didn't know if the arc reactor was causing trouble or not. Maybe he should ask Bruce to take a look at that.
Clint just laughed at that, though, instead of coming to Bucky's aid.
of them.
"Shut up," Tony mumbled, punching his non-metal shoulder while Bucky just smirked. He was really glad that the team had been able to help Bucky, and was glad that he'd been able to befriend the other man. Once he believed that Bucky wasn't going to try to steal Steve away from him, they'd gotten along very well. Plus, drunk science with Clint was a little less-worrisome for poor Steve now that Bucky had joined in, 'cause he couldn't
Apparently Hydra was trying to do some international weapons dealing with some mad scientist dude, and one of the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had managed to intercept a message. All available Avengers were sent out to put a stop to it. Of course, that just meant being in a foreign country where no one spoke English made everything a
really been able to just enjoy a day without the thought of getting recognized. If anything, the thing that got them attention was the fact that they were 'such an adorably cute old, gay couple who were able to show their love for one another despite it not being allowed back in the day,' which Tony personally thought was hilarious though Steve definitely understood it. Growing up in another century did have some differences, and Tony kinda liked how traditional his husband could be sometimes. Steve just loved that he didn't have to hide that part of himself anymore.
"Deal," Steve said, and when the blond flinched a little Tony turned his attention back to the screen. No doubt Steve was seeing all of the things that would've gone differently had the two of them been there. "Maybe we should wait until they get back here first... once I'm sure they're fine,
"I'm so glad you're back." Steve didn't want to leave, he really didn't. But he
“Of course,” Steve assured him, pressing a kiss to the back of his neck. “You’re already the best boyfriend in the world, so I have no doubts that you’ll be an excellent husband. That’s not something you ever need to worry about, Tony. I love you, and nothing’s going to ever change that.”
Steve coughed up water as he felt his limp body getting pulled from the vastness of the ocean. How long had he been underwater? What had happened? Was there some sort of battle going on that caused him to get knocked under the waves?
, Tony just wasn't sure about it. And now Bucky was missing.
But now, out in the battle, as worried as Steve always was, there was another part of him that knew his team would be fine. They were all highly skilled, intelligent people, and he trusted them to be able to handle themselves in the thick of battle. After all, he couldn't tell them what to do all of the time, he only came up with the overall strategy. They were incredible, all of them.
,” the little girl said. Her little dress was splattered with enough flour and batter for Steve to have been able to come to that conclusion on his own. “Wanna help?”
time."
for once.
"It was Clint's idea," he muttered, glancing over at the door. "So, uh... was I alone?"
“It worked?” Steve choked out, fighting for the words to be spoken. He forced his eyelids open, though the vision he saw in front of him just blurred his sight even more.
Tony rolled his eyes but didn't argue as Steve led him over to the elevator.
The sound of footsteps woke Tony, who barely managed to hold back an annoyed groan. Of course the Skrulls weren’t going to actually let him sleep through the night, there were only a few rare nights when that actually happened. Instead of bothering to get up, because he knew that they’d just drag him out of the cell anyway, Tony chose to just lay there and wait for the inevitable.
“You don’t know that,” Steve said, refusing to let go of his friend’s hand as he kept dragging him towards the forest.
happen.
That frowning look that he had on his face was gone, and Tony was thankful. He didn’t like that look.
It was all so inhuman, so…
, so I couldn’t have a
A few seconds later the
“Stark,” one of the Skrulls said as it stopped next to his cell. “Not a word from you tonight. And cover your reactor.”
“There’s something I didn’t tell you about earlier,” he admitted, carefully turning around to that instead of having his back pressed up against Steve’s chest with those firm arms wrapped tightly around him, he was face to face with his lover. There was a curiosity in Steve’s eyes that he’d really missed seeing.
Tony grinned, leaning back against Steve's chest. The moment that the elevator doors closed, he looked back at his boyfriend. "I like him."
, right? That must be it, because why else would any of them laugh?”
"I was already awake," Steve said. "And even if I wasn't, then I still wouldn't care, because I'm here for you. You've been here for me, helping me with my own nightmares... I'll always be here for you, Tony."
congratulated him above all else, chose instead to attempt to hold back his laughter as he left.
“Not this again,” Tony growled, rolling over so that he could once more come face to face with the super concerned face of Steve Rogers. “What do you want this time?”
"What? Why'd you think that?" Bucky asked, throwing an arm around Tony's shoulders. "Why wouldn't I want to spend some time with your fella, Steve?"
"Too dangerous," he murmured, looking up at the sky again before hiding behind some rocks and bushes. No dragons, no supernatural creatures. This was
you, Tony, and I could see the insecurity in your eyes. I’m not going to demand that you tell me why, but I
It was impossible not to watch him wander around the kitchen, muscles all too visible. Apparently
Clint couldn't have been happier that he was wrong.
Tony if he didn’t know where he was!
He raised an eyebrow at the super-soldier and gestured for him to come in. There was a nervous, half-smile on Bucky’s face.
knows too... Am I
"If he's anything like me he'll eventually come around to the idea," Rogers chuckled, and the four walked over towards the portal. Clint was obviously confused about what they were talking about, but he didn't ask.
, I guess you're right, Cap. I
"Was there anyone else with me?" Steve asked, the panic finally starting to set in. Where was Tony? He hadn't been fast enough to grab his boyfriend.
"I hate sending them in alone as much as you do," Steve said, wandering over to sit beside him in the living room. "But you have to admit, they're all highly skilled and more than capable of handling this on their own."
a spaceship this time.
He jumped a little and glanced over at the door when someone else walked in.
, that didn’t mean that they weren’t friends. Howard was a good man.
like his own Steve, while this Stark looked... similar, but not identical.
“That’s new,” Tony said, scooting back against the wall. Crossing his arms he watched the impostor pull the heavy metal door open before he rushed in.
“He loves you, man, and that’s never going to change,” Rhodey added. He glanced at his watch. “What
"Of course I will," Tony said, giving him a look that was probably supposed to be prideful, but it looked so strange to Clint that he couldn't hold back the giggles that erupted from him. Okay, so maybe he was a bit more than 'a little drunk.'
“When you originally brought me back to the tower, we spent the first three days locked in the lab,” maybe-Bruce spoke up. “We were trying to figure out how to make pants for the Other Guy because you said that you didn’t want a lawsuit because either he’s running around naked smashing stuff or I’m waking up somewhere where there could be civilians, but I knew that it was because you wanted to make things easier for me. We both loosened up to one another after the second straight day of working through designs and synthesizing new materials when you told me about your plans on bringing the Avengers back to the tower. That was the first time you ever told me—or
"I wasn't the little one," Clint cackled, easily managing to get out of Bucky's grip before he hid behind Steve. "Save me!"
and there’s still the slightest sliver of
"Actually, we think that it might... be because this town, once upon a time, um... met the Winter Soldier," Steve spoke up. The four of them had been sent out to take down Hydra, but because they needed to find out what Hydra was doing, Steve and Bucky went ahead. Tony wanted to go, but with his bright, shiny red and gold suit, he'd stand out a bit. (But then again, he tried arguing about Steve's bright red, white and blue suit...)
The cursed man slowly stood up, untangling himself from the chains. Apparently Steve shouldn’t have taken his eyes off of the guy who had the sword, because he leapt forward and tried to rip the sword out of his grip. In the slight struggle, the only thing that the man managed to do was rip his clothes in an attempt to stab him, so the disguise fell to the ground to reveal his suit.
“I ran into the witch,” Tony mumbled, and Steve froze. He turned his full attention to his teammate. “She… she told me to come here, that… if I come here I wouldn’t have to deal with the curse anymore.”
"Long night?" Bucky asked, taking a seat beside him. He patted Tony's back and chuckled when Tony groaned. "I'll grab you some coffee."
The genius looked at him, raising an eyebrow. He always seemed to take things as challenges when they got drunk together.
He'd dared Tony to make something that he thought was impossible. He'd thought about suggesting that Tony create a Unicorn, but Tony argued that they'd have nowhere to put it, and he didn't want to bring a Unicorn into the world if they couldn't give it the pastures that it needed to run around in, so Clint had changed his mind.
"I'm almost done," Tony insisted, though he had to leave for a moment so that he was able to retrieve the bottle they were drinking from. After attempting to pour more into Clint's glass—who cared if his hand was all wet now, he was only holding
"I doubt any of them have really spent a lot of time around old, fragile people like us," Tony said, smirking. "I get that they're struggling, Cap—that's why I didn't just yell at Bucky like I wanted to. If he would've done that some other time, he would've gotten a piece of my mind about it, but... They mean well, they do, but I just... it's annoying."
Tony struggled violently, managing to kick his attackers in the legs, knocking them off of him. He could feel the effects of the drugs already working their way into his system, though he was able to face them with his hands up, ready to attempt to fight them off. It wouldn't
Like right now.
"I still don't think you'll be able ta do it," Clint slurred, leaning against the side of the machine. Okay, so he was a little drunk. And maybe he'd made Tony a bit of a bet, but that was beside the point.
had forgotten his pants when he got out of the shower, instead choosing to wear his American flag boxers and one of Tony's black wife-beaters that definitely did
“Nothing will happen,” Steve said, yawning. When he made a promise, he kept that promise. Just like he was always going to keep his promise to love and be there for his husband… his wife. Peggy was his
“What is it?” He’d told Steve all about how he had been ready to let him go if it meant that he’d be alive and happy, even if that meant that Tony would never be happy or in love again. Steve had hated that, but he’d admitted that if it had been the other way, he would’ve done the same, because they only wanted the best for one another. That’s what made their bond so strong.
"Tony! Tony, I see someone," Bucky said, tugging at Tony's hair. Tony could see people too, off in the distance. There were people riding horses, and either some really big birds, or some half-people half-birds. "What if Clint and Steve are over there?"
That would take some time.
"Good—because I'm still
to feel more excited, but he was still pretty tired and pretty sore, so it wasn't really translating well. He couldn't help how tired he was, and he couldn't help that being tired made him cranky. All he had to do was make sure that he didn't snap at anyone—
happy.
Thirteen days and no rescue. The real issue was that he wasn’t expecting a rescue, not for quite a while. If the Skrull was able to copy him so well, then no one would even know that he was gone. The worst part was that the
," Steve sighed, though he now just looked amused. "I can still tell time. Team Dinner's always at the same time."
"But I've looked at myself in the mirror," Tony muttered. When they got married, "open communication" was something they'd agreed upon. It was probably for the best. He shrugged and mumbled, "I know how I look, and I... I just wouldn't blame you for not being interested."
Good. Steve kept his focus on the battle at hand, trying to make sure that everything would be fine. After all, his team was everything to him. His mind was in four different places—thank God Bruce was able to stay at the tower, since the Hulk wouldn't do well on a plane—as he tried to keep an eye on Iron Man, Bucky, the Hydra agents he was fighting off, and make sure that no one tried to hurt Clint and Natasha.
"If you even
"That's because you
"And I wouldn't be here if I wasn't absolutely in love with you," Steve added. "Well... okay, if you weren't interested in me whatsoever, I'd still be here, because if you didn't want to be with me... I'd still be here. Just like if anyone else on the team needs me, I'd be there for them too. But I wouldn't be cuddling and kissing someone I wasn't completely in love with."
“This is
As strange as everything in this world was, Tony couldn't help but constantly glance back over at Steve. He wanted to go home, he really did, but somehow Tony doubted that would happen. Men like him didn't have true loves, especially not with people as great as Steve.
Stark's lab looked quite a bit his own, and Tony couldn't help but want to look around. Stark let him, telling him that he was going to figure out if he could find exactly where he'd come from based on any trans-dimensional energy particles left behind during the event. Rogers led him around the lab, pointing out different things. (He'd obviously spent a
"W-what if...?" Tony mumbled, biting his lip. What if Bucky realized after these two weeks away that he'd rather only have Steve, or he wanted himself and Tony to just be friends? What if Hydra brainwashed him again and made it so that he didn't even
"I am... We've been dating for a couple weeks, and I knew that there were things that he wasn't telling me, because there are plenty of things that I haven't told him, but... I never would've guessed that it was something like
of course they’d think it was a joke.
“No,” Steve said firmly. “No, that’s not okay. I need you to understand how much I love you and how I’ll always choose you over anyone else—”
"No, I love spending time with him, no matter where we are," Steve said quickly. He pressed a hand to the glass and sighed. "I was going to spend the evening with him... Now I'm just hoping he didn't spend the entire time in the lab, since I know that he doesn't get enough sleep as it is. But instead I'm here... and while I do love spending time with you, Iron Man, don't get me wrong... I just wish I could've said something to him before we were called out."
Sometimes… sometimes it can end in hope, in love, in future promises and soft laughter and gentle smiles. Sometimes an ending can be a beginning.
simulation fast enough, and now it had managed to cost him everything. He hadn’t even
“—and we shall rid the world of those creations, those violent and blood-thirsty beasts, and keep the town safe from her control,” the man shouted. Steve didn’t like the sound of that. Sure, anyone who’d been cursed—it sounded like this witch cursed a
was real? It felt real. Everything had felt so real, like he’d been living another life entirely. Everything had been the same until… until they found him early, and then he never met Tony or the team or anyone.
werewolf that Steve had seen last when he’d been escaping that town entered the room, looking unsure and agitated and very out of place. The moment that he saw Steve, though, he seemed to relax.
Wait.
Wait, where was Tony? Steve tried to take deep breaths as he coughed up some more ocean water. He struggled in the armored Avenger's arms, trying to get him to put him down so that he could catch his breath and ask about his boyfriend.
"They've got a
Even when he first started dating Steve, he never thought he was someone that the super-soldier would even
The bright golden light that had caused all of the problems in the first place filled the room again, and for a second Tony wanted to run into Steve's arms, to hold his husband tight just in case this was the last time that he'd get a chance to touch him, to hold him. Why hadn't he kissed him before Bruce turned the ray on? Why hadn't he said
Steve watched in fascination as the werewolf tried to move away from the herbs that were now covering his face, but within seconds the werewolf was gone. A very familiar man, looking completely dazed and confused to be waking up in chains, completely naked, in front of an entire town.
"You don't have to until you're ready," Steve murmured. "They might find out, though, now that you're not going to be hiding it from us anymore."
"Why would you need me around when you've got Bucky?" Tony said, internally cursing himself. Something about the kicked-puppy look on Steve's face just made him want to be honest with the other man.
There had to be something wrong with him, but he just wasn’t ready to tell Peggy about it. Not yet. He didn’t want her to worry, he didn’t want anyone to worry about the fact that he was seeing things and forgetting things and remembering names and faces that didn’t exist.
"Even if the comms should be clear in case of danger," Rogers sighed, though he was smiling still.
Taking Hydra down side by side with the man he loved was something that Steve had dreamed about, before he even knew that Tony was Iron Man. There were times when he thought about 'what if Tony was Iron Man' because it would've been so much more convenient—he'd be able to keep his boyfriend safe, he'd be able to fight alongside someone he knew that he could trust and love... and while he'd always trusted Iron Man, it was different
, I'm very glad that you asked me out. I was just wondering...
It wasn't that he was giving up. No, there was still a chance that he could survive this. He'd jumped out of planes before, but he'd always been prepared. He'd never been blasted in the chest first, and
“But then you brought the adoptions papers home, and… and I really thought that we were going to start a family in a different way,” Tony said, gripping Steve’s hand tightly. “We were going to share our love with kids who… who weren’t able to have loving families already. But now… I can’t do that without you, Steve. I’m not going to give up on you, ever, but…
about trying to stop us, I will
He wanted to yell at his boyfriend—Tony had jumped out of a plane after him while he suit could
"I'm dragging Bucky to medical myself," Clint muttered, slinging the rifle over his shoulder and making sure the strap was tight before he was ready to be moved. Tony put the little machine back into his suit before he grabbed Clint and flew him over to the Hydra jet, making sure that his suit was always between Clint and the townsfolk. There was no way his friend was getting shot again, not on his watch.
“He looks and sounds identical to me,” Tony said, crossing his arms. “How’d you know it wasn’t me?”
to get you out before any more of them know I’m here. The rest of the team is guarding the way back over to the ship.”
. Your friend isn’t coming back, I’m sorry.”
joked about something like that?”
“Both are downstairs in the gym,” his AI supplied helpfully.
," Steve insisted. "Well, at least still gorgeous. You're not exactly
Bruce was checking on his leg, and that’s when Steve realized that the doctor had stitched him up and was trying to make sure that he was fine.
When the box opened, the beast inside was already all chained up, and several strong men held onto each of the chains that held the beast down. They dragged it out of the box, growling and snarling and fighting back as much as it could—which wasn’t much.
about
bulletproof, but the flexibility and mobility is
“Tony… did they mess with your arc reactor? Were they… did they try to remove it, or break it?” Bruce asked quietly as he wrapped a blanket around Tony’s shoulders.
That’s what Steve had originally been doing, but he figured that if he could find the witch then maybe… maybe he could fix this. He needed to fix it. For Tony.
better than your undying existence.”
in his head just seconds—perhaps an eternity?—earlier. It was as if his skull had been cracked open to let whatever had just happened inside, but the crack hadn’t been sealed when everything had left him.
Blue was the last thing he saw before the world went black.
—he didn't
"They'll be here to get you. The way you made it sound, to
. "You want to... really?"
him. While you may think that you have a bad reputation, you're wrong. You're a billionaire who funds a superhero team, funds college projects, donates to charity, works on creating renewable energy and oh, guess what, he's also Iron Man. That isn't a bad reputation."
"Only if it's less formal," Tony murmured, yawning. He spent so much time unconscious already, but he was just
"That sounds great," Tony said, standing up on his tippy-toes so that he could steal a kiss from Steve. The super-soldier got a glimpse of his eyes for a moment, watching the way that they sparkled with a joy that he hadn't seen before. His lover had finally been able to open up completely to the team, knowing that he was accepted and loved and he just looked so
Tony pulled Clint into a tight hug. “Thank you for being yourself and not one of them.”
only about three inches tall at the moment, so it wasn't an issue at all. It was actually kind of hilarious, not that he could tell Bucky that. "You and Steve will
"I can go see what's happening," Bucky murmured, but Tony just shook his head.
Tony laughed. "It's your subtle way of threatening people to stay away from me. Don't think I haven't seen you at the galas—you give anyone who tries flirting with me that death-glare of yours—"
Whoever Steve was talking to must've stepped aside because Tony just pressed his face to Steve's chest as his husband carried him off to bed.
That's why they were here. A date. It had taken him forever to get ready for this date. He'd even gotten a brand new crisp white suit, just for the occasion. He wanted to look absolutely perfect, making sure that his face was well trimmed, his hair styled with just the right amount of gel, and the cologne he chose wasn't too overpowering. After all, he hadn't been on a real date in a long time, especially not after becoming Iron Man.
"Because when people think 'Tony Stark,' they don't think—"
bed, alone.
Carefully weaving his way through the crowd, Steve headed towards the center where the ritual was going to take place. He’d been ignoring everything that the guy had been saying—something about curing people through death and saving the world—up until the point where he lifted a large sword into the air.
Bucky gasped, and Tony could hear Steve snickering in the background.
"I can't imagine being brainwashed," Tony mumbled, making sure that his little machine was set up in front of Clint and his weapons. "I think you two would be good for one another. You might be able to bring some happiness back into his life—he can be pretty grumpy sometimes."
that we're going to let them get all that technology out of this place," Tony said, trying to be as careful as he could as he bandaged up his teammate's leg. Clint winced in pain, gripping his bow tightly. "Sorry, Bruce is so much better at this..."
, wasn’t it?
When some of the other Avengers said that they ‘spoke a different language’ in the lab sometimes, Tony knew it was true. They just connected on another level, and working with Bruce was always incredible.
“They said he was gonna be a mindless beast…. But they were wrong,” Steve said, smiling as he hugged the werewolf. “He just needed some time to adjust, see? It’s gotta be pretty traumatic to just suddenly become a werewolf, so you can’t really blame him for being confused…”
home. They just went as fast as they were comfortable with going—Steve didn't want to wear Tony out before they could even get back to the tower. He could see the desire in his husband's eyes, and he guessed that maybe Tony might be interested...
able to hear him. Sure, the super-soldier had said that, but now he was completely sure that it was true. Steve knew the name Peter, he knew that he was the orphan who needed a family.
Tony’s breath caught in his throat, and his heart skipped a few beats. There, at the end of the aisle with the softest, most caring smile on his face, was Steve. He couldn’t help but just
The Skrulls had been lying to everyone—to him, telling him that his team hadn’t even figured out that he was replaced, to his team, telling them that he was already dead.
Tony nodded mutely, pressing his face to the super-soldier’s chest, smiling softly to himself when his fiancé wrapped those strong arms of his around him. He was like a solid wall, keeping everything bad in the world out, whenever he hugged him so tightly…
you leave, right?” Peggy asked, placing the cookies down onto the table before she wrapped her arms around him. Steve smiled and turned around, stealing another kiss from her as he placed a hand onto her enlarged belly. They were expecting their fourth child, and he was
actually
The super-soldier rested his forehead against his lover's. Tony couldn't help but get lost in those eyes of his.
Tony wasn't exactly thrilled about Team Dinner that night, or any other night that he'd still be stuck in his aged body. He wanted his teammates to treat him like normal, not to treat him like he was in need of their help—because he
“You’ve got this, Tony,” Clint murmured, patting his back as he walked by. “We’ll be down there with you in a minute, but you’ve gotta go first.”
"That might've been the last dinner that we'll ever have had where not a single person recognized us," Tony said as he and Steve walked down the street. There was a hint of sadness in his voice that made Steve frown.
genuinely like him. Maybe he wouldn't accidentally end up hurting him... "So," Tony said, straightening his shoulders, not missing the broad smile that crossed his date's face, "what do you think about—"
"Please don't leave... during the night, when I'm not here," Steve whispered. If Bucky left now... he didn't understand why his friend had stayed away for so long, but if he left
"Here, let me get that for you," Bucky said, and before Tony could keep the pickle jar in his hands, the super-soldier took it from him. Tony watched as Bucky's expression went from easy-going to
feeling inside of him only got worse by the day, and he couldn’t stop thinking about the man with the brown eyes with gold flecks… Whenever he looked at Peggy, sometimes he saw
than sleeping.
Tony silently glared at the alien as he wrapped the bandages around his arc reactor, watching as the room fell dark again. The only thing that he could see was the bright white grin of the alien before he walked away and melted into the shadows.
"I love you." He didn't have to say it, Tony
, and while Bucky had said
of his face, questioning and concerned. "And somehow you've only managed to frown the whole time we're walking home. Do your feet hurt? Want me to call a cab?"
"Sorry babe," Steve chuckled, kissing his cheek before he took the seat beside him. "And Bucky—this
"Yep," Steve replied, looking concerned. "Was there someone with you? Should we go check again?"
"The problem? You're really asking what the problem is? You've known my secret identity for what,
All he wants to know is who
"Not without you," Bucky said, hugging him tightly. "I know we started this for Steve, but... I really do love you, Tony. You and Steve are my everything. You wouldn't be interrupting anything—there is no
them?" he snapped, gripping his reactor. It calmed him, knowing that it was there. No one had taken it. He wasn't going to die. "Why in the world would you
"Yes," he admitted quietly. There was a predatory look in Steve's eyes. That smile of his definitely wasn't as innocent as everyone always seemed to think.
"One would think you might eventually listen," Bruce muttered, but he did look relieved to see Tony sitting there with them.
"And I'll fix that, don't worry," Bruce said. "S.H.I.E.L.D. is finishing up their analysis of the weapon today, but then I'm taking it back here and I'm going to make sure that it'll reverse its effects."
"Tony, I love you," Steve chuckled. "I love Buck too. He's like a
"Bucky looked
But even behind that happiness, Steve knew that this wasn't the end of Tony's insecurities, and he did intend to find out the real reasons to why Tony didn't want to share being Iron Man. There was something more, something that he didn't want to tell everyone, but maybe... maybe he'd be willing to give Steve a chance with that knowledge.
"Nothing's going to change that," Tony replied, giving him the easiest and most genuine smile that Steve had seen since this whole debacle started. It made his heart swell, and he couldn't help but kiss his lover again, more passionate this time.
"We can just cuddle then," Steve said, and he sounded happy enough with that.
They barely even said hello to the team before they were off in their bedroom. Steve peppered soft kissed down Tony's neck and shoulders as they laid down onto the bed. Tony was fumbling with Steve's shirt, trying to get it over his head, but he didn't want to stop kissing his husband.
"Best friend?" Bucky supplied.
After all, he trusted his husband. It wasn't like Tony was ever going to cheat on him or anything, so he didn't have anything to worry about. The more relaxed and calm Tony was, the more Steve wanted to relax and just enjoy his time with his husband—especially now that he knew that he'd probably have a lot of time
"You're hurt?" Bucky asked, hurrying over to Clint's side. He looked just as angry as Tony felt at the moment.
“No,” Tony admitted quietly.
Tony nodded. “They get really angry, really quickly. And they’ve all got strength that rival’s a super-soldier, and they can look like
to. There was a desire, sharp and unknown yet still familiar. He needed Tony and he hadn’t seen him in so long.
His gaze brightened upon seeing Steve there, though. “Steve, I thought you—oh, you’re not my Steve.”
Was it really such an outrageous thought that someone with his kind of past would one day get married? Or was it the fact that he was getting married to someone as great as Steve that caused the archer to doubt the validity of his future wedding?
that were also tangled in the ropes. There had to be at least fifteen men on horseback trying to catch the fairytale creatures.
"Sure," Tony said. "Just a warning, I sleep late."
“I’ll keep an eye on him for a while, okay? I’ll just talk with him, see if the glitch happens again or if everything’s evened out. It might’ve been because of the move, or he might finally be reacting to voices—I’d prefer the second, and I’m going to see if it happens again.” Tony smiled at his team. “Clint, stop frowning. You didn’t do anything wrong—sometimes things just happen. It’ll be okay, you’ll see.”
“How long have I…?” Steve took a deep breath and looked his lover in the eye. “How long as this been going on?”
Bruce came running into the room, and a few seconds after him, the rest of the team joined.
"Quit being so
check the place. What if someone else needed help?
"So you never told anyone that you're Iron Man?" Stark asked, and Tony shook his head.
"I'm here," Steve promised, staying back to back with Iron Man, making sure that no one was able to attack his blind spots. Most of his attacks had to be subdued so that the plane wasn't damaged by a high-powered repulsor blast, which also caused it to be harder to take enemies down.
Natasha nodded. "Somehow, a lot of the weapons were broken," she said innocently, like she didn't manipulate any of it. Steve knew that she was unsure about what S.H.I.E.L.D. was using the weapons for, and he wasn't surprised as she dropped a couple of them onto the table. "So Iron Man, you wanted to say something?"
“It’s not your fault,” Steve said. “You found me, Peggy.”
“You know about our room now? Great, what else have I said?” Tony mumbled, though he had to admit, at least this fake Steve was nicely toned. “Thought I kept all the personal information out of it. Hey, Mr. Skrull? When you drag me back to the cell again, could you at
Bruce's hair was a wild mess of tangles, and there were bags under his wide, bright eyes. If anyone tried describing 'mad scientist,' they'd be conjuring up an image of his teammate at the moment. Had he even
Getting to the town was a little difficult, since it was in the middle of the woods and he couldn’t just drive out there—no, they blocked themselves off from the rest of the world to try and keep some of their traditions alive.
So instead of getting back to work, Tony started testing Bucky to see just how good he was with everything in the lab. After showing him the more modern-age technology, he started catching on pretty quickly. He couldn't deny that he was impressed—he knew that modern technology wasn't exactly Steve's thing, though he'd tried helping him with a lot of it, but compared to Bucky... He just caught on so quickly.
young—it's a delicate process, but you didn't move at all, so... everything looks like it worked out," Bruce mused before turning his high-energy, caffeinated self onto Steve, narrowing his eyes as he observed the super-soldier. "Now you, Steve, are a lot harder to figure out, because everything
, he still didn't remember most of what he was forced to do as Hydra's Asset. They'd tried to help him as much as they could, but honestly Tony thought that Bucky was probably better off without the memories of him being an assassin. Of course, that didn't help when people came after Bucky for some personal vendetta, because there had been people who
"I won't leave, Stevie, I promise," Bucky said, pulling Steve down onto the bed, embracing his friend. "Quit worryin' about that, and go make sure your fella is okay. Go on."
“It really doesn’t look like there’s anything wrong… perhaps it was just the screen?” Tony asked, looking over to his team. It definitely didn’t look like Clint thought that.
"Eventually they're going to realize that we're still completely capable of
to help Tony, to get him back to normal. If he could find the witch, he could force her to fix him. Then all he’d need to do was find Tony—who had run off, while he
"You'll go crazy if you're not allowed in your lab," Steve said. "I'm probably not the supervision that Bruce was talking about, but I spend lots of time in the lab with you anyway. I know you're having trouble with this, and being locked out of the lab is going to make it worse."
of the thought of losing one of them.
... "I know that you're probably not going to be in the mood, but maybe later tonight, when we get to bed—"
one of the beings that floated in his head whispered.
"Love you," Tony murmured as Steve settled him down in bed. He rolled over, and Steve gave him a quick kiss before he wrapped an arm around him.
"Expensive cars, hmm? I could show you some of those," Tony said, rubbing his chin. Perhaps he could see just how good Bucky was with mechanics... maybe he could get himself a bit of a lab partner when it came to engineering. Bruce loved working with him on things when it came to chemistry and such, but he wasn't the best when it came to engineering and mechanics.
“Sir, if I may—”
"Why did you hold back?" Bucky mumbled, looking over at Tony. "I-I thought you might've... I was worried that you..."
Steve wanted to say, because he wasn’t sure if he’d ever be allowed to call Tony ‘his’ again after he’d messed things up so badly all those years ago. Tony may have forgiven him, and they may have been trying to work things out together again, but… he wasn’t sure if he’d ever truly forgive
Tony just rolled his eyes. "I'm just glad he's with me right now. I've been spending less time as Iron Man, 'sending him off on missions' so that no one's worried about him... because Steve might realize that he likes Iron Man more than me, just like every other person in the world."
—Tony knew exactly when Clint had gotten happy again. It was the moment he realized he had a team that cared about him.
“They are,” Steve promised. “I’ll get them to prove it to you, don’t worry. We just need to go,
Tony looked over to Steve to see if that was true, but he couldn’t confirm or deny it. He didn’t have an answer, but he was sure as hell going to find one. The genius seemed to catch on to his unease and his worry, because he didn’t look any better about finding a cure.
them to be worrying about him—
, yes, very similar, but this armor didn't belong to his teammate.
There was a slight static-y hissing noise that came from the suit, but with the lack of movement, he couldn't even be sure of the man was alive.
“Once the beast is returned his humanity, he shall be released from this curse
"Is that a threat?" one person asked. Sometimes Tony really didn't want to protect people.
Tony hadn’t moved from the chair that he’d sat down in the day previous. It had taken only a couple of hours from him to go from talking nonstop to just sitting in silence, curled up as tightly as he could be. His face wasn’t nearly as red under his eyes as it had been the previous night, but the dark circles under his eyes had gotten darker.
“Um… sure, Mr. Stark. I hope things get better for you soon,” Cheryl said, confused. “You know that I only want to see the two of you happy.”
"And anyway, if anyone has a problem with Tony Stark being Iron Man, I'd just tell them to fuck off," Stark said flippantly, grinning when Rogers just rolled his eyes and smiled. "You should try it. The Avengers of your world are still friends with you, right?" Tony nodded. "See? I think they'd be happy to know that you're Iron Man. And if someone isn't happy with it, you know what I'd say." Stark's features softened. "They'll trust you, too, if you give them a chance."
deserve someone like Steve, who was ready to give him all of the happiness in the world.
be here for you here. So I’ll still be here, but you need to know that it’s okay…”
whenever he was talking about Clint.
Tony couldn't help but smile a little at the thought of being able to work with the broken technology. He could make it better, far better than anything than anything that Hydra could ever make. He stood up, yawning as he stretched.
“Of course,” Steve said, leading him into the spaceship. The moment he was inside, Bucky shut the doors behind them and stayed guard there. Steve and Bruce tried to lead Tony over to what he guessed was the medical center of the spaceship, but he wasn’t about to go.
"That might be able to restart the serum in his veins enough to aid in the healing process," Bruce mumbled, probably mostly to himself as he grabbed a needle and a bag. "Tony, can you keep pressure on the wound?"
“Clint,” he greeted, though he was still a bit on edge. After all, this man looked like Clint, and his teammates—the ones he
"Really?" But Bruce had said that he should be in the lab without supervision
hours since the battle had ended, and Tony was already exhausted. He hated it. Up until about two hours back he'd tried just keeping the Iron Man suit on, thinking that it might be easier because it would give him more stability, but instead it had just worn him out to drag the heavy metal suit around with him through the debrief and back to the tower.
in. He had enough time to grab his gauntlet and aim it at... Bucky. Breathing a sigh of relief, he lowered the repulsor before he shot at his friend.
There was a silence on the other end of the comms for a while before Bucky asked,
“I missed you guys,” Tony whispered, for the first time in two weeks feeling even remotely safe. His team
yet.”
like it went correctly, and the simulations
if these were mindless
was stressing him out more than anything!
drawing Steve out of one of the happiest moments he’d had in a long time.
"Excuse me, sirs." Steve jumped a little, turning around to see an elderly man standing there. "Captain Rogers has informed me on the situation. Welcome to our universe... Captain."
“Hey J, where are Tasha and Bucky?” Tony asked, taking a deep breath. “Might as well tell them too, unless perhaps Steve already did? No, probably not, not if he went running with Sam early in the morning.
While he hated getting blood drawn—if someone got ahold of it, someone bad, then they could create their own super-soldiers that could be used to attack his team—he didn't have a problem with giving blood to Bucky. It didn't take long before Bruce got the transfusion set up and to get the bullets out of Bucky. By that point in time, the ex-Hydra assassin had already passed out. The blond was a little surprised when his boyfriend didn't leave the room, instead choosing to stand by his side and keep a hand on his shoulder.
“Steve? Steve, can you hear me? What did you do, what did the hell did you do?” It was more than just hands touching his skin. Icy cold drops were hitting his skin, and it took a moment to recognize those as tears.
"I know you don't like this," Bruce said gently, "but we all are
“Where’s Tony? He’ll know what’s going on,” Steve said, gripping his head when another severe wave of pain hit him hard.
He didn’t need to be asked twice.
It had been two days since Steve had seen Tony. Up until two weeks ago, everything had been normal. Life had been good.
It wasn't the alcohol that was causing him to feel like he was spinning, Tony knew that to be a fact. While all of his devices
“Hey Brucie-bear, I’ve got something to tell you about,” Tony called, catching the other man before he could get to the elevator.
Now, he never really managed to put his trust in anyone other than Phil, who gave him that second chance, and Natasha, who he'd paid it forward to. But they were the only ones that he'd ever really managed to bond with. But now, with the Avengers and Tony, he felt like he finally had the family that he'd spent his whole life wanting, never able to achieve.
Tony grabbed Bruce's arm before he was able to walk away, and he quickly pulled his friend into a hug. "Thank you, Bruce."
hurt anyone.”
. Why? There was no way that Tony was scared... of
Might not be easy…
"Tony, calm down," he said, instantly regretting his choice of words as the genius glared at him, still panicking. He hugged his boyfriend close, wishing that he could rub his back. The suit was getting in the way at the moment, and he had no way of opening it. "Come on, breathe. What's the problem?"
"And you're not worried about his...
, it's not even late yet," Tony murmured, smirking when Steve wrapped his arms around him, resting his chin on Tony's shoulder.
Right as Bruce prepared the needle and told Bucky to get over to the left side of the bed to hold Steve down so that he could stick the needle into his arm… Steve made a loud gasping noise and was suddenly sitting up far faster than he should’ve been.
"We'll make sure you'll remember," Steve added. "Hydra won't be taking this away from you."
