"I'll have to race you sometime." Tony smirked up at him, daring a challenging tone he'd tried very, very hard never to use in California. "I bet I could still beat you, finicky suspension or no."
"Don't rub it in, okay?" Tony said. He sounded tired. "Tonight was bad enough without being reminded over and over that most women don't have any interest in me anymore. Which wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the fact that only the wrong kind of men do."
Carol banked the quinjet to the left, and the huge tower at One Times Square no longer blocked their view of the streets below.  A huge circle of green flame surrounded Times Square, blocking off everything within a three-block radius.  Steve could see at least one driver standing on the sidewalk beside their stopped car, yelling and throwing things at the flames.  From the flickers of light around the circle's edges, some people were taking pictures of it.
Hank didn't bother to reply, listening instead for the background whirr of the room's systems coming back online. The holodummies had a split-second lag time, he reminded himself. It would make them clumsier, just enough to give him an edge.
A chunk of plaster hit her in the face, dust and grit stinging in her eyes, and there was nothing but empty air beneath her feet.  Wanda started to struggle, kicking backwards at her captor's legs and turning her head to bite at the arm around her chest.  She remembered just in time that biting a Doombot was a bad idea, and unleashed a raw burst of chaos energy at it instead.
Steve could have pointed out that the Marine Corps emphasis on esprit de corps and unit cohesion had a practical purpose, but as a former Air Force officer, Rhodey knew that perfectly well. This kind of teasing byplay with Tony was obviously something just as familiar to Rhodey as it was to him. Which made sense, he supposed. Tony did the same thing with Pepper, and with most of the other long-time Avengers.
"She means, I'm afraid, that your cybernetically enhanced friend is in a catatonic state." A dark-haired man in a white lab coat stepped out of a room a few feet down the hallway. "Thanks, Dixie. I'll take it from here."
Sin blocked the face of his shield with the spear, breaking the force of his lunge with a strength she'd never possessed.   It was like slamming his shield full on into a stone wall, but the jolt that shocked up his arm and into his shoulder was oddly distant.   His ribs, still bruised from the fight yesterday, didn't even twinge.
"There'll be chanting in Latin or some other dead language," Barnes said.  "And some kind of altar.  There always is."
"Sorry." Tony started to stand, gathering the discarded shoes up in one hand. "You don't need to hear all about my problems."
If Rhodey was War Machine, that meant he was Tony's friend, and was probably a scientist of some kind, so... "Did you come down to help?" Peter asked. Then he turned to Hank. "There's a whole list of things that react badly with physostigmine, but none of the toxin's other components are on it. You'll have to check that none of the victims are on heart medication, though."
"Try to ignore it, if you can," he advised Matt. "The less contact you have with Chthon, the better."
Tony grinned. He'd actually been thinking of the time Steve had thrown his shield inside the front hallway of the mansion, taking out a laundry list of antiques. "The new one is wrought iron," he said, "and I built it, so I can assure you that it's anything but spindly."
Steve tugged at his tie, knowing he was pulling the knot out of shape but not particularly caring. The last time he'd worn this suit had been at the Senate and Congressional hearings over the SHRA; the day they'd arrived in DC, Tony had sent him shopping with Jan along as a guarantee of good taste, and he'd come back with clothing more expensive than any he'd ever owned, short of his costume.
Hyde, damn him, was not tiring. Steve managed to catch another blow on his shield, this time at an angle that deflected most of its force. He let the momentum carry him around, kicking Hyde viciously in the gut with as much force as he could muster.
The low, concrete building looked unimportant from the outside, squatting on the edge of the small collection of white tanks like an afterthought. The door was painted red, with a yellow plastic sign riveted to it proclaiming 'danger: high voltage.'
"Yeah, well, I'm kicking your manly ass tomorrow." Clint jabbed a finger at him. "Cap wants you and Wanda back in unarmed combat practice."
And yet no one else seemed to see that. Even Simon didn't want to believe it, though in his case, she could understand why. Better to believe that Vision's death had been due entirely to some external force than to any part of the woman he and Vision had both loved. At least that way he could keep his memories of both of them untainted – which was, she suspected, part of the reason he was so reluctant to see Wanda now.
Then he looked back at Steve, and the smile on his face was strained. "He would have complained that he was just a big, dumb, ex-bruiser who didn't understand anything here, and asked me why I couldn't have brought someone else instead, and secretly looked at everything here while pretending not to, and loved the whole thing."
He was going to be fine.  He’d wake up any moment now, and smile at Steve, and offer some bullshit explanation about how deliberately allowing himself to be impaled had been the only way to save the world.  Then he’d apologize insincerely, and do the exact same thing all over again three months from now.
But the problems of trying to command a team when half the people on it weren't speaking to one another were nothing next to the miracle of having Thor back; between that and Clint's still-unexplained resurrection at Wanda's hands, Steve was beginning to understand why everyone had kept hugging him and hovering over him when he'd first... come back.
"Pretty sure. She wasn't acting like herself at all." Clint shook his head. "She didn't remember having powers, or even who I was. She's an omega level mutant. If she'd known who I was, and thought I was some kind of threat, she could have just wriggled her nose and winked me out of existence."
Wanda had just plugged the deep fryer in and added the oil to it, planning to help Jarvis chop vegetables while the oil heated, when an electronic chirp announced that the Mansion's proximity sensors had been triggered.
"Of course he's scared," MJ said, that tiny worried, line she sometime got between her eyebrows forming. "He and Tony are... I get the impression they're pretty much married these days."
Thor was a battle-tested Asgardian warrior, and therefore he did not flinch. "I have every right. Indeed, if it belongs to anyone, it ought to be Baldur's, not yours. You made certain he became intimately familiar with it."
She knew her reaction to him in the hospital had hurt him, but she didn't know how to apologize for that without hurting him more in the process.
"I know apologies can't bring Erwin and Clytemnestra back, or make up for what I put Rhodey through, but it was the only thing I could do."
Alcohol, however, wasn't the only way to make things easier to handle for at least a little while. And Hank was still staring at his half-exposed breasts, albeit with a slightly wild-eyed expression, as if he truly wanted to look away, but couldn't.
When it came to losing control over your own body, being magically transformed into the opposite gender had to rank pretty high up there. Maybe that was why Tony was so bothered by the ridiculous idea that no one wanted him anymore, or that only the 'wrong' people did - Tony had always been able to seduce people, to charm them, before, but it was clearly important to him to be able to control that attention, to get it only from the people he wanted it from. Sex in this new body would have been some kind of re-affirmation of control, Steve guessed, but only if it was sex Tony deliberately sought out.
"You're sure he doesn't get turned inside out?" If it happened in zero gravity, Marcus's insides could float all around the spaceship.
Tony groaned, and buried his face in his hands, digging his fingers into his hair. At least he'd been able to make some kind of gesture of apology, with Rhodey. Tony had been afraid Rhodey would throw the new armor back in his face, like Steve had the shield, but Rhodey had, thankfully, been willing to try and work things out again.
Steve and Wanda exchanged a long look that made Jan wonder what else they knew that they were still concealing.
With Tony absent, the tower didn't feel like home, somehow. Possibly because most of his things were still in boxes, sitting unopened in the corners of the room he was sharing with Tony. Some of them were still sealed with packing tape.
As Steve walked over to the side of the bed, Tony's eyes refocused; he was looking at him, tracking his movement across the room. Thank God, Tony
"I'm a freelancer now," Rhodey said, smiling tightly at Morgan. "Thought I'd try working for myself for a while, being my own boss."
It was silly, but something inside of him relaxed at the knowledge that Tony and Jan were back safely, despite the fact that charity fund-raisers weren't in the least dangerous. Steve was contemplating abandoning Dashell Hammett and going to bed when he heard the quiet sound of bare feet against the living room's wooden floorboards.
Carol folded her own arms, realized she was mirroring Wanda's body language, and unfolded them. "Lots of us have had our choices taken away," she said. "Most of us didn't kill people over it, or try to destroy the world." At the words, all of the anger she had felt at the time came back. The paperback she'd guiltily set back down on the coffee table stood out with painful clarity, the garish cover shouting the title in bright, block letters. Vision had died, if not precisely by Wanda's hands, then through her magic, and now she was sitting right there in the very building she'd destroyed, reading his favorite book. There was something obscene about it, and Carol felt a sudden urge to snatch the book away and take it back to LA with her, to give it to Simon, who had far more right to Vision's memory than the person responsible for his death.
She stood, holding the phone away from her ear and pulling a wry face. "Loki cast some kind of lust spell and made Tony and Hank have sex," she said flatly, thrusting the phone in Steve's general direction. "As this week's chairperson, I am officially making it your problem and not mine."
Wanda threw another hex sphere at the closest robot, and winced internally as it fizzled out against some kind of shield.  The first two had gone down instantly, but obviously her brief flash of good luck had run out.  Oh, well.  Things got boring if they were too easy.
Either way, it wouldn’t change anything.  Hank was still--  he would be fine.  He had to be fine.  They had gotten him to the hospital within minutes, and the chemicals in his bloodstream had only been at lethal levels for a few seconds.  Once he’d returned to full size, they’d have gone back to normal, so if wasn’t as if he’d have gotten worse after she’d left him.
When she’d brought Simon back, it had been because she loved him, both for himself and for the ways in which he was a reflection of Vision, and because he loved her.  And possibly because he hadn’t truly been dead, just disembodied or turned into pure energy or… something.  No one had ever been particularly clear on that part.
"Do not underestimate trickery," she snapped, and beneath his mask, Doom smiled. Lesser minds were so easily manipulated. At least Loki, unlike Sin, represented something of a challenge.
Don slapped a hand against the wall to steady himself, his cane coming within inches of hitting Clint in the shin. "Sorry," he blurted out. "I didn't know you were there."
“I wouldn’t put it exactly like that,” Wanda said slowly, in a way that failed to diminish Steve’s certainty that that was exactly what she had done.  “But it worked.  There’s less low-grade chaos in his system now.”
Tony didn't say anything. He just kept staring at Steve -- not blankly, not like someone who wasn't really there, but with an odd expression somewhere between sorrow and horror.
Vision, Scott, and Clint hadn't chosen to die, either, and Clint hadn't chosen to have sex with Wanda. Jessica, of all people, should have understood that. She knew what mind-control was like, what it was like to have your choices taken away from you.
Tony gritted his teeth and tried for reasonableness.  Maybe Steve was right to want him out of the field, but that didn't mean he had to be completely useless.  "Then I won't.  But that doesn't mean I need to be stuck here.  The security system-"
He hadn't sent her a decent bit of info in weeks, before last night's message. If this didn't pan out, she might kill him just on principle.
He was still in surgery.  It had only been forty minutes, Steve reminded himself.  Not long at all, for broken ribs and a huge, jagged-edged puncture wound.  There was no reason to think that anything had gone wrong.
"When your teammates searched Agatha Harkness's house, she had been dead for some time. I'm afraid he may have been influencing you for far longer than anyone suspected."
It was ridiculous to feel defensive. "Oh come on, it's not as if there aren't things you haven't told him. He still has no idea when Faustus actually started his brainwashing treatments on you."
It rang just as she touched it, and she scooped it up quickly. "Avengers Mansion. Janet Van Dyne speaking." Her voice was surprisingly bright, considering the day they'd all had.
"Probably not," Clint admitted, poking tentatively at his leg. It actually did hurt less now that it wasn't pulling open whenever he moved.
Tony smirked back, looking surprisingly triumphant for a man who was currently pinned to the floor. "Why? I've got you right where I want you." And then his hips writhed in a way that made Steve lose all interest in sparring.
Steve halted in the living room doorway, torn between amusement and exasperation. Tony and Rhodey were sitting side-by-side on the long leather couch, their backs to him. Several pieces of the War Machine armor were spread out on the coffee table, and Tony, who had informed Steve mere hours ago that they had to be careful not to damage Jarvis's furniture, was poking at them absently with a tiny screwdriver. A small, pen-shaped implement that Steve recognized as a pocket acetylene torch was sitting on the polished table top, next to one of Rhodey's half-disassembled jet-boots.
He only just managed to dodge. Tony might have held back the first few times they had begun doing this again, and possibly once or twice after the incident at the Meridian, but he had been giving today's practice his all; his skin felt slick with sweat, and he could hear his heartbeat pounding in his ears.
He must have done a much better job than he'd thought keeping his feelings discrete, Steve thought, and then the implications of Tony's words hit him, and he found himself staring at Tony, mind suddenly blank.
After two months, watching the rest of the team fight via CNN and his Avengers communicator still hadn't gotten any easier. It hadn't been this hard when he'd been on the West Coast Avengers – he'd enjoyed having the extra time to devote to experiments, enjoyed playing support staff and scientific consultant for a while. He ought to be enjoying it now.
Steve rolled out of bed in one fluid motion, faster and more graceful than anyone who'd been asleep less than a second ago had a right to be.  He was on his feet with his shield in his hand while Tony was still trying to disentangle himself from the sheets.
She was still wearing her Wasp costume. This newest version was another black and yellow number, with black tights and a bright yellow leotard, gloves, and boots. She'd originally started wearing that color combination to match Hank's Yellowjacket costume. He hadn't expected her to keep it.
Cap offered him what Clint thought was probably supposed to be a smile. It looked more like a wince. "Thank you, Sam." He turned away, and stepped into Tony's room without looking back.
"Oh," Steve said. He hadn't really thought Tony would be, but it had been worth checking. "Do you know when he will be? Here, I mean."
pregnant. He didn't look like Tony, either, despite the scars that silently proclaimed his identity.
"I don't know if that's a good idea," the Falcon interrupted. "The Scarlet Witch just got rid of the last evil chaos magic thing that possessed her. The last thing we need right now is for her to face off against Loki and get screwed with some more."
"The Elder God, the embodiment of entropy." Loki waved a dismissive hand, her long nails glinting like talons. "Chthon. Have you any other enemy intent upon stealing one of my possessions?"
The Extremis had healed his body completely when he acquired it, erasing all the old damage. A new heart to replace the mechanical one, a new liver to replace the one he'd tried to destroy, new lungs to take the place of ones scarred by pneumonia and damaged by years of improper bloodflow. His body could be injured, or worn out by too little sleep or too much stress, but he didn't get sick anymore, couldn't suffer from any kind of cumulative damage, except, apparently, for damage to the Extremis itself. He'd barely been using the Extremis during the fight, though, so it had to be the impact.
"If your pet tries to eat me again," Jan called to Sam, as Bulldozer started to run toward them, head down and shoulders squared for impact, "I'm blasting him the same as I would one of them."
Steve grinned.  "You're just jealous that you're too tall for me to slide you between my legs and flip you over my shoulders."
"We'll take her, sir," one of them said, stepping over to Clint. His companion, a short woman with a red ponytail pulled through the back of her baseball cap, stared around the room at the wreckage.
"It wasn't her," Jan repeated. If she said it often enough, eventually she would stop watching Wanda uneasily for signs of... something. She wasn't even sure exactly what, only that people who had been broken once could break again, usually in the same places. But possession was external, the work of an outside force, something you could guard against and fight.
The cat was going to come with them to the Mansion eventually, Steve suspected. He'd only ever been Jarvis's pet in name – he slept on Steve and Tony's bed, played with Clint, and begged for food from the entire team. It had taken him about two days to figure out that Thor was a particularly soft touch.
should have realized – I know what mind control looks like. I've even worked on ways to screen for it," he added, remembering his stubborn refusal to believe that Hank's inexplicable manic behavior had just been Hank, and not some kind of outside influence, "and then never bothered to use them, even after Immortus."
"People are going to want to know how long you've known that you were gay, how long you've been together, why you haven't come out before now, and some kind of salacious intimate detail about your relationship," he was saying. "But what I actually want to ask is whether your relationship played a role in your decision to reform the Avengers and whether it influenced your actions regarding the SHRA."
There were times when Steve's nineteen-thirties upbringing showed. Usually in things involving musical taste, pulp literature, computers, or discussions about unions – in Steve's world, they were still vitally needed guardians of workers' welfare, rather than corrupt organizations bent on driving half the industry in the country out of business, and even the transit strike a couple of years ago hadn't convinced him otherwise – but his conviction that the ability to prepare a home-cooked meal was an essential life skill was apparently also included.
Interfacing with his armor didn't count as 'using the Extremis,' not really, and it was faster and more efficient than using voice commands and the HUD displays.  The schematic of the mansion he called up via the Extremis was lit up like a Christmas tree with heat signatures, the armor's sensors picking up intruders on all levels.  There was no way of knowing which one was Doom or Sin and which were Sin's hired thugs, but it didn't matter.  They were here for the John Dee manuscript, so Tony would have to get to it first.
Which was all to the good, considering that Rhodey was one of the few people Tony had left outside of the Avengers at this point; he'd never had that large a support network to begin with, and now Happy Hogan was gone and things were apparently awkward with Pepper as a result, which wasn't surprising, but was unfortunate. It also meant that, old disagreements or no, Rhodey had a power to hurt Tony that few people possessed these days.
She was pretty, extremely petite -- especially standing next to Sam's six-foot-plus height -- and was really obviously flirting with Sam. "It was so nice of you to help us handle those two patients," she said, fluttering her eyelashes up at Sam. "Whatever those poor people were drugged with makes them so violent."
Pepper lips twitched. "I'm sorry, Tony," she said gravely, though from the look on her face, she was only barely keeping her mirth contained. As apologies went, it wasn't particularly convincing. But then, Thor had already apologized enough for everybody, before running off to personally hunt down Loki for vengeance.
Clint braced his feet and drew his arm back until the purple fletching on his arrow was level with his ear. He probably wasn't going to fire – Hank had warned them not to breach Madigan's containment suit, saying that he had no idea what the vapors inside would do to a living human body – but Madigan didn't know that. "The guys at Rykers hate terrorists almost as much as they hate pedophiles, so have a fun week."
"We're not denying it," Steve said, flatly, wanting to squash that idea before it could get off the ground. "I'm not lying about this when I don't have to." Not mentioning something was different from actively lying about it — he'd sworn never to do that again after he'd first woken up in this time, when he'd first realized that he couldn't be arrested or imprisoned for sex with men anymore. It had taken him much, much longer to work up to admitting that he might
Hank was on his hands and knees, vomiting.  Jan knelt next to him, one hand on his shoulder, her face twisted with what could be either fear or anger.  "Can you walk?" she demanded.  "We need to get you both to a hospital."
Jan nodded, unsurprised. "Tell Hank I don't mind if he stays for a while. If Don and Tony need him here."
It felt like he ought to say something, but Sam couldn't think what. 'I'm sorry,' or 'I know how you feel,' or any of the other platitudes people handed out after someone died were more for the sake of courtesy than anything else.
Hank was in the kitchen. His luncheon could wait, Thor decided, and turned to go, not wishing to play the role of eavesdropper.
Monitor duty had never been Hank's favorite part of being an Avenger, but since he was off the active duty list for the foreseeable future (or at least, until he could find a way to balance chemicals in the bloodstream while shrinking, which was theoretically possible but not something he was entirely prepared to risk death-by-mood-stabilizer-overdose to test), he'd decided that there was no time like the present to get used to it, and had volunteered to handle communications while Tony was out of town.
Tony hit send, not bother to type a closing or signature - everyone at SI recognized his email address - and opened the next message in his inbox. He'd tried to put it off as long as possible, dealing with all the messages from the engineering and manufacturing departments first, but the red-flagged "important" emails from the accounting and marketing guys might actually be important.
"Luck hasn't exactly been on our side lately," Tony muttered. He was wearing his armor, and with the helmet and voice modulation in place, Jan could almost imagine that he was no different than he had ever been.
than before. He smelled like a woman. But then, what else would he smell like? "I don't want to lose that, not after just barely salvaging our relationship from... everything."
Keeping that book here was a bad idea, and not just because of the insurance disaster it would be if something happened to it while it was in their custody.
Strange didn't answer. He focused his senses, opening his mind and reaching out through the Eye of Agamotto to see the unseen reality that surrounded them.
"As long as it takes." Strange frowned. "The spell's coils are actually visible around you, to the right eyes. I don't think you realize how intricate and extensive they are. Though," his frown deepened, "they've altered since the last time I examined them."
"That's good to hear," Hank told him. "With Tony in DC, we've got no firepower." They were going to have to do something about that eventually. They currently had two hand-to-hand specialists (Sam could fly, but he was a hand-to-hand fighter when you got right down to it), one archer, and Jan, whose stingers were effective, but who still wasn't really a powerhouse. Until Jan could master her new growing powers, Tony was their only big gun.
Clint groaned, and Sam grabbed him by the wrist and hauled him to his feet. "Running builds character," he said, giving Clint a slap on the shoulder.
Sam tilted his head to one side, considering that. It was a gesture Steve had seen Redwing make any number of times. "Hey, it could be worse," Sam offered, after a moment. "Last time he hit you, he broke your jaw."
He was staring at Steve, too, but rather than looking curious or shocked, he just looked kind of dazed.
"If we leave the armor here, Tony will kill us," Rhodey said, gesturing at the scattered pieces of Tony's arm with a clunky metal arm.
After they'd shouted themselves hoarse, Steve decided, he'd drag Tony to bed and wear him out further with make-up sex. Then maybe he'd get the sleep he was too stubborn and self-destructively stupid to get on his own. "Your word isn't worth as much as it usually is when it comes to the Extremis. Or taking better care of yourself, apparently. If this is you not trying to hurt yourself, how did you make it to thirty-five?"
The antidote skidded across the pavement, rolling toward the curb. Tony reached for it, and nearly overbalanced as the ground lurched under him. The canister skittered away from his fingers, his hands clumsy as they'd rarely been even when he'd been drinking. What the hell was wrong with him? He hadn't hit the lamppost hard enough to have a real concussion; he'd only been out for a few seconds.
Without any input from her, Wanda's hands began unfastening her seatbelt, and she found herself collecting her coat and a carry-on bag she didn't remember packing, and standing.
"We're glad to help the museum in any way," Steve was saying. "Dr. Strange will examine the book as soon as possible, and we'll get it back to you folks in no time."
The corner of the Wizard of Oz drawing was crumpled. Steve carefully flattened the soft, slightly yellowed paper out.
"That's because you don't notice any women other than-" Tony broke off with an abruptness that let Steve know that Jan was right behind them. "Can we go inside and get this over with? I swear I really am fine. Hank checked me out back in California."
Carol bit at her lower lip for a second, then blew out a long breath. "Yes. I know he wants to believe it. Hell, I want to believe it. Everything in Transia was definitely Chthon, maybe all of it was even Chthon. M Day..." she made a face. "I can't imagine the Wanda we knew before or Wanda now doing something like that, but if she wanted to hurt Magneto, it
If Tony had snapped before, and for no apparent reason that Steve could decipher, then he could do so again. Hank had, after all, and Hank had been the last person anyone had expected it from. Hank had always been quiet, a little unsure of himself, reserved. Not the kind of person you expected violence from, especially not borderline megalomaniacal super-villain-style violence.
Unsurprisingly, he was headed toward the elevator, its doors already sliding open for him accommodatingly.
The Metropolitan Museum's manuscript curator was visibly nervous about entrusting a valuable sixteenth century manuscript to a bunch of costumed superheroes; Sam's careful explanation of the Mansion's security system hadn't reassured him much, which, considering the number of times the place had been attacked, blown-up, set on fire, or otherwise subjected to major structural damage, wasn't surprising.
"There are times when you're almost a worthy adversary," the second-to-the-left Doom said.  "At the moment, however, you are simply in my way."  He raised his right hand, and shot a stream of energy toward Tony's face.
Tony frowned. Computers and other electronics tended to be temperamental around some varieties of energy mutant, as well as most people who used magic, but he'd never been convinced that there wasn't some way to predict, control, and use Wanda's effect on computing equipment. "I still think we could find a way to tap into that if I could design a system flexible enough."
Wanda smiled back, a little wanly, but still recognizably like the woman – the friend – Tony remembered. Even tired and haunted, wearing the drab clothing that was all she'd brought back from Europe, and with the ridiculous-looking tattoos he knew lurked under her gloves, she was still Wanda.
"Jackson Pollock's paintings aren't supposed to mean anything or be some kind of incomprehensible political statement. That's the whole point. Plus, he did interesting things with fluid dynamics."
Peter and Luke were still alive, Strange had assured them of that, but he'd also said that he'd called an ambulance, and given no further details, his astral form fading out of sight seconds after telling them that he'd meet them at Time Square.
"Yes you are," Steve told him, feeling a warm current of amusement run through him. He was grinning like an idiot, really smiling for the first time in three weeks. "The floor is really hard, and the shower drain is digging into my back."
"They all understand, you know. Or they will, when we tell them. Wanda explained that carrying this child could leave you trapped as a woman forever."
hands. He's killed people before and would have again. Even if I could have trusted Fury, Titanium Man was- I wasn't over-reacting when I went after him. I didn't mean for him to die," he added. "I tried to put the fire out, but it was burning too hot. He had magnesium in some of his suit's circuitry, I think. And the suit itself wasn't capable of handling the kind of power load my designs required."
Wanda nodded. "We don't discuss that often. I think he prefers to avoid the subject even more than I do." Despite her recent successes with controlling her power, she still didn't feel ready to discuss her greatest failure with him. Probably she never would be.
from work and stay home, but since Steve was elsewhere for the moment, what he didn't know wouldn't hurt Tony.
She turned on her heel and began to walk toward the doors at a slow, measured pace. It was foolish to fear that Chthon would chase her if she ran – he was an incorporeal demon, not a lion or a wolf or some childhood boogyman. Still, running would call attention to herself, and she had probably already drawn enough of that. Everyone in two block's radius had probably heard the crashing chord from the pipe organ as it was, and drawing the attention of bystanders might give Chthon a chance to use Wanda's powers against them.
Wanda shrugged. "They might not have worked. Supernatural possession doesn't work the same way that brainwashing or telepathic mind control does."
The remainder of Sin's men rushed him, using the butts of their guns instead of the business ends on a snapped order from her, and Sam was good, but he wasn't that good.  Not against half a dozen men at once.
When it finally broke, both Don's legs gave way and he sagged against Hank's three-times-larger-than normal knee.  Hank grabbed for him, and managed to only jar his injured leg twice in the process of lowering him to the floor.
"Oh, it's not going to kill you." Maya was probably trying to sound encouraging. It wasn't working. "But if you keep using the Extremis like there's no tomorrow, it will get worse. The headaches aren't going to go away; if anything, they'll become more frequent and more intense. The cybernetic elements you added weren't part of its original purpose, not to the degree you have them, and at the rate you're going, you're going to burn those neural pathways you added to your brain out and end up back where you were last spring, barely to use the Extremis at all."
The cat was flattened on his chest, one ear flicked back.  When he felt Steve start to shift his weight, he gave the little, unhappy growl he made when he was grumbling about something but not actually likely to claw you.
Carol snorted. "You know how Tony is. Asking him would be a waste of time, since he'd never actually say anything if something was wrong. And I can’t very well ask Steve."
Tony smirked at him, which only made Steve's ears burn harder, and then turned and sauntered off down the hall.
So much the better. An audience would be a hindrance, diverting his attention from the task at hand with the need to keep a dozen pairs of unwanted eyes from witnessing his presence.
" he tapped the color-coded pattern that appeared in every row but Clint's, "is the portion of the X genome sequence that encodes the potential for mutant powers. It's less well known than this part," he indicated another section of DNA, which looked only slightly different from the first, and only appeared in Wanda's row, "which controls the expression of powers. It was the first X gene sequence discovered, the one isolated back in the sixties by Xavier and a bunch of scientists whose names you wouldn't recognize, the part the Legacy Virus targets. No one but Sinister managed to isolate the second part until Beast started researching Legacy. It's recessive, which means that a certain percentage of the population are carriers for the gene without being mutants themselves." All of this came out in a rush, as if Hank had been waiting for the opportunity to share it with someone for hours or days.
She'd last been seen with Red Skull, but had dropped off the radar shortly before Steve had come back. Why make her move against Sharon and Barnes now? Crossbones had been dead for three months.
"Yes," Wanda said slowly, still studying the glass as if the fizzy liquid inside it might solve her dilemma for her somehow, "but I think maybe that time with Jean Grey might. And Carol definitely counts." She hesitated, then drank and put the glass down empty.
Tony buried his face in his hands again. "Ignore me. I'm just feeling sorry for myself because I had to face things about myself tonight that I didn't want to be reminded of."
"What part of 'keep a low profile' is too complex for you to understand?" Had a subordinate proved to be so disobedient, he would have lived only just long enough to regret it. The necessity of keeping Sin under the impression that she was an ally rather than a simple tool was growing tiresome. "Your vendetta against SHIELD contributes nothing towards our ultimate goal," Doom explained, with more than admirable patience. "When I have the spear and its powers, you will be amply rewarded. You can then deal with Captain America and his sidekick as you see fit. For now, you will do nothing. Do you understand?"
Jan was back in the air, darting and weaving through the tendrils of smoke with a quick, irregular flight pattern that reminded Tony of a bat. If she could fight her way through to Harkness, then she could... what? There would still be the woman's magical energy shield to contend with.
It was nothing Steve didn't already know, but, "Why me?" Given that he was hardly uninvolved in the situation, he doubted Thor would welcome any further interference. He'd done his best to stay neutral, and not let his feelings for Tony influence him – not when Thor had a serious and legitimate grievance – but...
have seen Tony, if only briefly, if he'd thought to come and wait here earlier. Still, resenting whatever reporter they were meeting with was irrational and probably petty. "I'll let you get back to work."
"The blame lies on my head," Thor said, drowning out Tony's protests, "I taunted Loki with the memory of an incident wherein he was greatly shamed and mortified. Iron Man was the unfortunate victim of his retaliation."
"Not all of us can fly," Clint was saying.  "Toss me one of those laser guns; I don't think I have any arrows left that aren't broken."
Tony extended his left hand, and said, smirking up at him, "You don't need to break my fingers to get the truth out of me."
"What do they want with a book?" Tony asked. "I'm pretty sure Thunderball's the only one of them who can read."
"We'll find out," Cap said, in a tone that promised unfortunate things to anyone who stood in their way. He started for the nurse's desk. Clint fell into step just behind him, and Sam moved up to flank him on the other side. The young man behind the desk looked up as they approached, his eyes widening.
“Did we lose anyone?” she interrupted, the words sharp and hurried.  “They wouldn’t tell me anything.”  She leaned forward, no longer lying back against the raised hospital bed, eyes intent on his face.
It was past time to end their alliance anyway.  His impatience to leave at the Avengers Mansion had cost the opportunity to capture Wilson.  She'd had him on his knees to her, so close to opening his throat.  If Doom had waited five minutes...
Tony forced himself to look away from Maya and Deodato, down at the laptop he'd brought with him, and pulled up visual and numerical representations of the electromagnetic emissions given off by the teleportation equipment Sin had used at the museum. It was familiar — the combination of high and low band frequencies was something he had seen before — and he'd been meaning to break it down and study it for over a day now, but instead had spent most of yesterday afternoon curled into a useless ball, first in the desk chair in his office, and then, after Thor had left and Pepper had threatened to call Steve to come and get him if he didn't leave as well, in bed at the Mansion.
Barnes eyed Steve and Tony's rumpled clothing, and Tony's disheveled hair, and then his gaze went to the plates, glasses, and candles on the table, and the empty bottle that sat in the center. "Sparkling cider?" he snorted at Steve, slumping forward a little to rest one elbow on the edge of the table. "You couldn't even buy your fella real champagne?"
"Steve," Tony said, sounding halfway between exasperated and amused at  Steve's expense, "I really don't think Luke and Jessica need a  chaperone."
Sam couldn't glide from a standing start, and Clint's arrows were no use at close range, but there was nothing wrong with either of their right hooks.  Unfortunately, Doom barely felt them through his armor.
"I was young and innocent then. I didn't realize how hard it was to get costumes to drape properly and still stand up to abuse. Looking glamorous takes both planning and hard work."
Whereas he--  it had never been like that between the two of them.  Maybe if things had gone differently at some point, if she hadn’t fallen so hard for Vision, and if he’d never met Bobbi, but as it was… the only time anything had ever happened between them, they had both been under mind-control.
There were times when Peter thought he'd almost be willing to sell his soul to get his secret identity back. For one thing, the New York State school board had decided that, as a superhero, his schedule was just too "unreliable" to consider re-hiring him. It was a good thing Ben Urich had apparently blackmailed Jameson into offering him his old job back, even if J.J. did insist on calling him "Spiderman" instead of "Parker" and lecturing him on how his deceitfulness and lies were "everything that was wrong with the youth of America" every time Peter entered his office. Without the
Steve straightened, throwing up his hands.  "That's it," he half-shouted.  "I told you that if I caught you using the Extremis you were off active duty."
, whom Doom had to be itching to get his hands on.  Carol and Thor were hard to injure, nearly impossible to kill, she reminded herself.  Sin and Doom wouldn't have been able to capture them with mercenaries and Doombots.  And if she'd taken down Steve, Sin would want him chained up and at her mercy.  He'd have been here next to them, and Sin would be standing right there with the electrical cables and knives.
Tony had had the workmen he'd hired mimic the original building plan and even decoration wherever possible, but the kitchen in the mostly reconstructed Avengers Mansion still didn't look quite like the old one. The table was brand new, missing the scars and dents where Thor had hammered tankards down on it, the scratch marks in the veneer where an eight-year-old Cassie Lang had tried to carve her initials in it, the stains in the wood from years of hard use. The floor, walls, and appliances were all pristine, and the spot over the table where one of Steve's pen and ink sketches had once hung was bare. But the warm – and dim – glow of the candles covered a multitude of sins, and with Steve across the table from him, it was almost possible to pretend that the mansion had never been destroyed at all.
"But a moment more, and the vapors shall disperse." Thor didn't bother to use the comlink, his voice carrying easily over the noise of the fight and the drone of his spinning hammer even without it.
Sam swallowed. "I'm fine," he said, voice hoarse. He held up one wrist, and Redwing hopped up from his perch atop the unconscious man to land heavily on it, talons digging into Sam's thick leather glove.
"I know it's silly," Peter admitted, "but, well... He was actually worried about me. I mean, when he was trying to get me to leave, he sounded really scared, like I was his responsibility or something." Peter gestured expansively, trying to convey the depth of the weirdness this had caused. "Things aren't supposed to be like that anymore." He shook his head and folded his arms across his chest, looking down. "I think I liked it better when I could pretend that I hated him."
Loki swept the heavy fur cloak she wore back over her shoulder, revealing a dagger long enough to serve as a short sword tucked into a heavy, golden belt, and crossed the room toward him, coming uncomfortably close. Despite her lush curves and the revealing neckline of her gown, she moved like the warrior she was; she clearly intended to intimidate him rather than seduce.
To remove the spear from its hiding place and fully access its powers, he would need to possess a human host, and with Wanda sealed away from him, few humans were left who would be suitable for such a task. Even fewer of those would be likely to walk into St. Margaret's.
He couldn't let himself want this again. He'd screwed it up to badly before to risk a second attempt.
Wanda blinked at him, her expression indicating that this ought to have been obvious. "Because she's possessed by Chthon." She swayed slightly on her feet, and added. "And because I just burned her house down."
"Because no one likes being a victim." Tony looked away, running a hand through his hair, and thought for a second.
"I don't know," Clint repeated. He frowned, then seemed to come to a decision of some sort, and stepped into the room, dropping into the chair across from Tony.
"No."  Sam shook his head, wincing faintly again at the motion.  There was a goose-egg already rising on his forehead, and his costume was smeared with dust and spattered liberally with blood.  "She and her snake-Nazi goons all vanished.  They took Jan and Hank with them.  I tried to stop them, but there were too many of them.  We tried to call for help, but nobody answered."  He waved at Tony with the hand not gripping the door frame.  "Did they knock all of you out?  Is that why you didn't respond over the comm?"
Sharon took a step forward, sliding between the two of them with complete disregard for Steve's personal space.  "Great," she said.  "We can use him here."  She set one palm flat against Steve's chest and gave him a firm shove backwards.  "Calm down, Steve, or I'll have you thrown out of the medical bay.  Tony's not the only patient here."
And, at the moment, neither did this one.  Had it been fried when Doom zapped — no, this was the spare one he'd started carrying around when he wasn't in armor, after the Extremis had begun acting up.  "Wanda, can you reach Spiderman?" he asked, after a brief mental debate about whether this was important enough to risk the return of the crippling headache using the Extremis would cause when it had just started to be bearable again.
"Idiot," Tony wanted to shout, but Doom would never have listened to him.   He raised his hands, diverting extra power to his repulsors.
"I know you don't care what other people think. You fell in love with a woman, not a man. You didn't sign up for-"
Part of him didn’t want to let Tony go, superstitiously afraid that his hands against the hole in Tony’s side were the only thing keeping him from bleeding out, but the paramedics could do more than he could.  Steve let Bucky pull him to his feet and out of the way, and watched as the SHIELD medics took Tony away from him.
They had been so young and stupid then, all of them except maybe Steve, who had already survived four years of war. It had even been useful, in a way, when Tony had been trying to hide his heart problems, his identity, his dependence on the armor's chestplate, and, later, his drinking. Unfortunately, they weren't always much smarter now.
For the next few minutes, Steve almost managed to forget about Titanium Man, teammates who had suddenly become the wrong gender, and Tony's potential mental state entirely.
A lot of things that had seemed necessary at the time didn't seem quite so self-evidently vital and justifiable when he imagined trying to explain them to Steve. Cloning Thor was just the tip of the iceberg.
She was standing still, near the center of the gallery, staring at the room around her as if searching for something.
Tony turned to key up the slide with the filtration system diagrams, and a sharp pain stabbed at his lower back. He pressed one hand against it as he turned back to face DeFalco, keeping a bright smile on his face by force of will. He'd conducted meetings with injuries far more severe than this, and even if the pain in his back was spreading around to the front, into his lower abdomen, and starting to make him nauseous, it still wasn't as bad as feeling the ends of two broken ribs grinding together. Or feeling shrapnel shards move around in his heart as the power in his breastplate failed.
"I came from Stark Tower. Of course I brought a car." Clint pulled the keys out of his pocket and flourished them. "Red BMW convertible. You should see Tony's garage. It's like a Bond movie."
It hadn't been like that, for Clint. Not exactly. There hadn't been any disgust or fear; he'd always thought that Wanda was attractive, always liked her. It was why her betrayal had hurt so badly. Mostly, there had just been a feeling of confusion over why he was there, why he was doing what he was doing. Like Carol said, it had been like watching himself from a distance, while someone else controlled his body.
something instead of just sitting in a climate controlled conference room while Hank and Jan were at Doom's mercy.
Steve had believed him. Why hadn't he done something more quickly? Even with everything else that had been happening, mind-control being used against one's teammates was never something to ignore. "Tony, you didn't actually start drinking again. That wasn't you. And you had nothing to do with Wanda going over the edge."
"I was wondering about that," Rhodey said. He frowned. "There was this little kid there who stopped crying pretty much as soon as his dad showed up, while other people were still screaming. I'd have thought somebody that little would've been much worse off."
His inbox wasn't empty - it was never empty - but nothing in it was important enough to actually need his attention. "And ran track," he went on, inanely. "Football metaphors aren't my forte, either."
Steve took a step forward into the room, intending to put a halt to this line of conversation before it went any further. Tony didn't need any reminders of that godawful mess with Immortus's mind control right now, not after spending most of a day in a semi-catatonic huddle because he'd been convinced that he had killed people. Steve himself preferred not to dwell on those few months either; for a brief but miserable period, they had all honestly thought that Tony had truly gone over the edge, had become a killer. He'd broken free of Immortus' hold in the end, just in time to help defeat him, but Steve had very nearly lost him forever.
The blonde flight attendant from earlier was standing by the closest cabin door, bidding passengers farewell with a practiced smile. "Are you all right?" she asked Wanda, halting her just feet away from the exit. Somehow, her eyes managed to convey a frown despite the unfaltering curve of her lips.
"And look where that got us." MJ shook her head, frowning. "You know, I may not be a spandex-wearing hero myself, but I'm pretty sure wanting that kind of control is the path to supervillainy."
"That time Rhodey did what?" The surge of protective anger Steve felt probably had more to do with the fact that Tony was currently in a hospital bed than anything else, and finding Hank's temporary lab in order to punch Rhodey a few times wouldn't help anything. It might make him feel better, but it wouldn't help Tony or do anything to the AIM operatives who were really the people that Steve wanted to pound into oblivion.
without Loki's curse, and it was almost worth trading away his real body for. Spending the rest of his life with Steve, marrying him,
"I told you I was fine now," he said quietly, looking down at his hand on the back of the chair. "I... might have stretched the truth somewhat." He rubbed at his face again, the gesture disturbingly like that photograph. "I've made so many mistakes," he said, the words low and hoarse. "And they keep popping back up again every time I manage to forget them. Thor, you, the Initiative..."
"This morning," Tony began, "before A.I.M. sent us the ultimatum, I was going to ask..." he trailed off, then began again, "They finished construction on the bottom floor of the mansion yesterday. The decorators haven't been there yet, and there's still construction work going on in the east wing and on the roof, but it's livable again. If you don't mind a little hammering in the background, I mean."
Tony slid over and forwards, settling his weight on top of Steve. "I really love the super soldier serum," he observed, and then set about demonstrating how much.
When Tony and Wanda left, a few moments later, he had already donned safety gear and was muttering to himself as he sorted through the collection of minute containers of assorted chemicals.
He didn't need to look to Sharon for confirmation – which begged the question; why had Nick actually called him to the Helicarrier today? Sharon, too, would have known the woman's identity as soon as she saw her, making Steve's ID unnecessary.
"I-" Tony started. Then he was silent for a long moment. "I don't know," he said finally, voice uneven. "I was so sure that- I said I sounded crazy. Maybe I was. Things haven't made sense in so long that I just don't know anymore."
Everyone drank at events like this, even if it was only a single glass of champagne. It was just what was done. His total avoidance of alcohol was going to be conspicuous, and considered everything from rude to a glaring sign of weakness that reminded everyone who noticed it that he was an alcoholic.
It was easier after that, but it seemed like an eternity before Steve was pulling Tony's helmet off, trying to be as gentle as possible.  Tony had remained motionless throughout the procedure, no matter how violently Steve and Thor had jerked on his armor or rattled him around inside it, and the sick, frozen feeling that had taken up residence in Steve's chest when he'd first seen Tony go down and not get up again was all-consuming now.  His fingers felt like someone else's as he touched Tony's face, felt for the pulse in his neck.
Tony let his shoulders sag, suddenly exhausted, and laid the hammer down gently on his work bench, next to the still dully glowing breastplate. "What do you think?"
"They what?"  Tony started to struggle up again, trying to push Steve's restraining hands away.  "How?  He can't teleport out.  The energy field-"
Tony swayed a little as he gained his feet, and Steve looped an arm around his shoulders, taking some of his weight. Steve's knee let him know that it wasn't happy about any of this, but Tony bedroom wasn't that far away, so he ignored it.
At least, Thor mused, one could not say that Hank was unperceptive. He found, however, that his desire to hear what the other two would say had diminished, and so began to move away once more. Hearing Hank speak of the abomination he had created would only rouse his anger.
Tony's face was pale, except for that obscenely bright smear of blood, and the scattered pieces of armor that littered the floor around him were bent and wrenched out of shape, as broken as their owner.
needed to be told. She'd spent so much energy coddling his fragile self-esteem once, and she'd sworn she would never do it again, but... he
"Hang on a minute," Hank said.  "When did you come back from... wherever you were while Thor was dead?"
"No one." Tony held up one gauntleted hand. "You remember what it's like. She had no choice in any of this, and we're not going to haul her up in front of all eight of us to make her listen to us pass judgment on her. Making her wait in the hall is bad enough." He turned to Steve, the motion making light glint off his polished faceplate. "Send somebody out there to tell her what our decision is."
"And how do you plan to obtain it without the proper spells? I know where the grimoire you seek is, mortal. Chaos is my element; no artifact infused with it can be hidden from me. And for only a small price, I will tell you where you may find it."
Tony should have been in a meeting with Stark Enterprise's board of directors right now, discussing the business forecast for the next year and avoiding discussing the fact that he was once again funding the Avengers. Pepper had convinced him that he ought to reschedule for tomorrow. "When you show up to a meeting pale and shaky, with circles under your bloodshot eyes," she had said, "there's only one assumption the board is going to make, and it's not that you just spent twenty-four hours in a hospital."
Steve looked back over his shoulder to see Clint climbing through the hole in the door, bow in one hand, but quiver conspicuously empty of arrows.
Wanda opened her eyes, and leveled the head of the spear at Sin - at Chthon.   With this much chaos magic filling her, she could see the writhing tentacles of magic that engulfed Sin's body more clearly than she could see the woman herself.
"I'll try not to," Wanda managed.  Part of her was surprised at how normal she sounded, when the rest of her wanted to scream, or cry with frustration at being so helpless, or curl into a ball and hope Chthon would overlook her if she were very still and quiet.  "Can you move?"
Steve shook his head slightly, refusing to let his good mood be spoiled by cynical thoughts about what might have been. "I hate politics," he said, without any real venom. "There doesn't always have to be a negative trade-off for good fortune. Sometimes people really do get a second chance."
The air pressure dropped perceptibly, and Hank heard thunder rumbling in the distance, just at the border of audible sound. "Be silent, little man." Thor's voice was low, the flat words said quietly, but with enough intensity to make the test tubes neatly arrayed in their rack to Hank's left rattle. "Or I will forget all that I owe to the Avengers and deal with you as I would a warrior of Asgard who had acted thus." His eyes were narrow flickers of blue, and his hair seemed to float in a nonexistent wind for a moment, and Hank fought the urge to literally shrink down into the floor.
Clint shook his head. "I left her there," he said, grimly. "I should have gone back for her after the mind control wore off. Even just from a tactical standpoint, it was stupid, even taking what I thought I'd seen at face value — she had enough power left to mindwhammy me, even without her memories, and I just left her there with possibly uncontrolled powers she maybe didn't even know she had?" He gestured vaguely at himself. "What kind of superhero does that make me? Other than a stupid one, I mean."
"We hope it won't be me," she corrected. Another bite of her sandwich was eaten, and then she set it aside. Tony sympathized; the smell of meat and cheese was making him feel slightly sick. "Carol doesn't think you can trust me, either." Her dark eyes held Tony's steadily. "She may be right. If I lose control again, the consequences could be catastrophic."
Steve grinned.  The  bartender hadn't even batted an eye.  Maybe they should come back here  sometime.  Or maybe not.  Tony's back muscles felt hard and tight under  his hand.
The scars and calluses from years of metal working were still there, too. He didn't have to wait for Hank's most recent round of test results to confirm that all the wear and tear on his body was still there; if he still had the small scars, he would still have the big ones.
Wanda swayed for a moment, then collapsed to the ground in a graceless heap, and suddenly Steve could move again.
she thought, throwing all the force of her will at the thought of not moving, of stopping, of turning around – of doing anything other than what she did, which was to walk right up to where St. Margaret's massive wooden doors stood open and enter the cathedral. She didn't even stumble on the threshold, despite the evil she carried inside her.
Underneath it was a robotic understructure, the silvery metal "skull" reminding her of the Terminator after its human face had melted off.  It was almost disappointing; she'd always wondered what Doom looked like under that mask.  A hideous mass of scar tissue, or some other terrible disfigurement worthy of the Phantom of the Opera, or a relatively normal-looking face that he'd decided to cover up out of pure melodrama?  Either one seemed possible.
"You had to regain control of your technology or people might have died," Steve said, carefully. "You do realize that the tactics you were using could have killed people. Did kill someone."
A quick, frantic scan of Tony's body revealed no visible injuries, and the water running off him was clear, with no pink tint of blood. Was this some side effect of recharging his heart? Had his legs given out, or…
“The spear was a powerful magical artifact.  And Sin used his blood to-“ she broke off, looking away for a moment, a quick movement of the eyes that meant that she regretted whatever it was she had almost said.  “There could be magical damage.”
Were it not for the blood, Thor might almost have suspected that he merely suffered the aftereffects of a night spent drinking, but there had not been enough time since the battle at the museum last evening for a man with Tony's capacity for alcohol to drink himself into insensibility and then recover at least the appearance of sobriety.
Steve sounded upset. Tony reached up absently to stroke his hair, and hesitated as he felt a sharp tug on the inside of his arm. He looked down to find an IV line attached to the inside of his elbow.
The quinjet shuddered violently as something smashed into the side of it with a deafening crunch of metal.
He looked at Steve then, his eyes draining back to blue and refocusing on the world outside his head. "I'll make whatever public statement you want. Denying it might make it worse — the media's been speculating about my sex life for years, and denying things just encourages them — but we can try."
"You're right." Tony ran one hand up Steve's thigh and hooked the other into the front of his jeans. "All Stark Enterprises products are tested to destruction."
"Tony took a nasty hit from one of Doom's weapons," Don went on, "but he was awake and recovering when I left."  Talking wasn't much of a distraction from the way his leg felt, but it was better than nothing.  "Doom escaped with the book, but you probably already know that."
"She vanished when Sin and her men did.  I don't think she and Hank were hurt, at least not too badly, but..."  Sam didn't finish.  The fact that they probably wouldn't stay that way for long in Sin's hands was too obvious to need to be said.
Tony looked up. "I heard that Norman Osborn put in a good word for him with the hiring committee." He didn't give the words any particular inflection, as if summoning up emotion about the whole thing were beyond him at this point. Using tiny tweezers, he carefully removed another infinitesimal piece of glass from the bottom of the half-dismantled boot, setting it down amid the pile of glass pieces he was creating on top of one of Jan's fashion magazines.
Wanda was staring fixedly at the Wrecker, pinkish-red spheres of chaos energy already gathering around her hands. "I've seen that book before," she said. "Where have I seen it?"
Wanda raised an eyebrow. "Is there anyone in the entire superhuman community who doesn't hate us now?"
But none of them would know the aftereffects of chaos magic as well as she would, and none of them were here right now.
Tony wasn't sure if that sounded friendly, or ominous. Friendly, he decided. But still interested in getting a good scoop, despite the fact that they had just handed him the news story of, if not the year, then at least the month. By the time the ink was dry on this one, he and Jameson would already be looking for the next story.
"You're easy to see, even with all that dust in the air." It wasn't much, as jokes went, and Clint didn't smile again.
Steve let himself fall back onto his back, smiling up at the ceiling. He was not going to admit liked the idea; this was important, Tony was important, and since they weren't getting married in church, it would be nice to have at least one formal ritual to solemnize the occasion. "He just wants a chance to hit both of us on the ass with swords."
Carol ripped an energy gun free from one of the 'dead' Doombots' hands and held it out to Clint.  "This will be more effective against them anyway."
If she wanted to keep it quiet, he'd have to think of some other excuse to leave. He'd been putting it off, like a coward, because the team was his home and he had no idea where else he was going to go.
"Are you sure about this?" Wanda asked, for what had to be at least the third time. She had watched Jan's transformation of Tony in silence, offering only the occasional comment, but Tony appreciated the gesture of solidarity.
Winter was approaching, and the months until the spring equinox ended his narrow celestial window of opportunity were fast slipping away. The book was not his only option — there were powerful forces that might be willing to lend their aid against the Sorcerer Supreme — but all alternative involved compromises Doom would rather not make, and debts he preferred not to incur. Sin's bungling had set him to investigating still other avenues for breaking or sliding around Strange's protections to claim the spear, and some of those might eventually yield fruit, but it would take time.
"I've always found that locked doors work just as well as tree forts," Tony told him. He gestured around the room, at the empty racks of shelving waiting to be filled, the lab tables, the newly installed equipments, the walk-in temperature-controlled, humidity-controlled freezer for storing samples. "You've got a whole lab to yourself."
"You wouldn't talk to me, and you wouldn't let me touch you, and you promised I wouldn't have to do this by myself." He hadn't meant to say that last bit; the words had just burst out on their own.
apologized?" Wanda's eyebrows rose, and Tony shrugged uneasily, feeling as if he were being judged over something, but not sure what.
“I said before that I’d take you dancing.”  Tony gestured at the small dance floor that had been set up in the center of the conservatory floor.
“We have to stop calling him that.  One of us is going to accidentally say it in front of him someday.”
"Well, obviously, but..." Carol shook her head sharply, then turned to Strange. "Why can't you do it?" she asked bluntly.
"No, I don't."  Sam straightened up from his weary slouch against the wall.  "I'll go check the rest of the building, see if there are any of them left.  Thor?"
"Be silent."  Doom held up one heavy, metal gauntlet.  "I need keep you alive only until I have claimed the spear from my soon-to-be-late ally."  He paused, and if it weren't for the mask, Jan suspected that she would have been able to see him smiling.  "I had originally planned to make do with just Synthia Schmidt as a blood sacrifice for my apotheosis, but three is a much more powerful number than one.  You should be thanking me, Wasp.  How many people can truly say that their deaths changed the world?"
Steve shook his head. "You say that, every time we talk about this, but you can't know that. And you can't know that you would be a bad parent."
"That's a good question." Steve frowned. "Whoever it is, we can't let her use an innocent like that. It could destroy them."
"Oh good."  Jessica Drew walked  out into the hall.  She was wearing a very red, very tight dress, and  the four-inch heels on her equally red shoes left little dents in the  carpet.  "The last establishment we had a team bonding experience at  won't let any of us come back."
"Has he figured out how to turn Iron Man back yet?" Steve asked, though Hank's less-than-enthusiastic demeanor had already told him the answer.
"Not exactly," she said, frowning slightly. "Maybe you'd better speak to Doctor Brackett. He'll want to hear everything you know about this Extremis, anyway. Ms. Van Dyne's name is flagged in the database, too. Is there anything we should know about her?"
Tony's expression was hidden by the helmet, but Steve could read the implicit question in the way he cocked his head. "It's just down the street," he added. "Across from the chocolate store."
"Ansel Adams is not the only famous landscape photographer to take pictures of the American West," Steve said primly.
She was wearing pale green hospital scrubs rather than the flimsy hospital gown she’d had on earlier, and while she looked exhausted, she also looked a hell of a lot better than Tony did.
"Jesus fuck, my car!" a man wailed. The black Mercedes that the driver had hit after bouncing off the SUV had probably cost more than most people made in a year. Now, with both passenger-side doors crumpled in, it was just a very expensive insurance claim.
"Of course they were afraid, Hank." Wanda spoke gently, voice serious. "Every time the government deals with mutants, you can hear the threat of 'do what we want, or the Sentinels will come for you again' in everything they say." She shook her head slightly, a lock of hair falling forward over her shoulder. "They're Magneto's greatest recruiting tool."
"So  did jazz."  Why did people always assume the past had been innocent and  dull?  Steve would see Tony's men going to nightclubs in make-up and  glitter and raise him one Harlem drag ball with men in ball gowns.  Not  that Steve had ever been to a drag ball, but they'd existed, and it was  the principle of the thing.
"I don't know," Steve said. "I'd like to think I would, but I don't know. I never thought there would be space in my life for children, for a family."
Loki didn't so much as glance at him. "Use the powers the All-Father left to you to break down his protections, allow me to claim the spear for my own and take its power back into myself, and Chthon will no longer be able to lay claim to it."
Wanda was fully clothed, thank God, sitting on a lab bench with her back to him while Don put a collection of intimidating-looking medical equipment away.
for sure, but… Clint must have slept with Wanda in Transia, while she had been under Chthon's control, probably while Clint was under mind control, too. That, or something very close to it. Nothing else that Jan could think of would explain the way Carol kept being so deliberately vague about exactly what unknown but terrible things Chthon had done to Wanda, when it wasn't like Carol to dance around something. Not to mention the weird, guilty look in Clint's eyes whenever he looked at her, and Carol's previous fierce conviction that Wanda had hurt Clint in some way that clearly seemed worse to her than even his temporary death.
"Adults don't solve their problems by hitting each other," Steve said, choosing to ignore the times that he and Clint had done exactly that. "They talk to one another." He hesitated, then, added, "You can talk to me when you have problems, you know. When something is wrong."
Steve had known Tony for ten years, and in all that time, he had never once seen him charging either his chestplate or his heart up. Tony trusted him, but he apparently didn't trust him
"He was going to cast Chthon back out of the cathedral," Daredevil said, frowning. "He told him to go back to 'the place from whence he came'. That was when Mr. Gillis tried to stab him."
They saw the traffic jam first.  Cars were backed up for blocks around Times Square, a solid mass of metal and red and white head and taillights.  Up ahead, news helicopters were circling above the general vicinity of Broadway and 42nd Street, filming what they could in the last few minutes before twilight.
The air around the altar blurred and rippled, and then a spear was lying across it lengthwise, glowing with a faint, green light.
Hank was staring at him now, inspecting Clint as if he were a lab experiment. "Clint, are you all right? Did Wanda screw up somehow when she brought you back?"
If Tony was being honest with himself, that probably played a larger role in his decision that they didn't need to take on Wanda right now than he really liked to admit.
Was he having some kind of bizarre panic attack over fighting with Steve? That made no sense; this wasn't the first time they'd argued about something since Steve had come back, and if he were going to completely lose it like this, surely he would have done it weeks ago, back when he'd still been waking up each morning from dreams that Steve was still dead.
"Dr. Pym ran numerous blood tests on you after you were first transformed. Your female body was completely sterile." Strange was frowning fiercely now, one hand raised toward Tony again.
“This time,” Steve said.  His eyes were still hot and blurry; he blinked hard, forcing it away, and pressed the heels of his hands against them for a moment, blotting away moisture.  “His heart stopped on the operating table,” he blurted out.  “It was already damaged.  The doctor said the blood loss and the stress of the surgery was…” he broke off, not wanting to continue.
Steve staggered back a step, stunned not just by the force of the impact, but the fact that Tony had done it at all; he'd never been able to kick his foot directly upright as high as his head before. Steve had tried to teach him that move before, without any real success.
She grabbed Agatha's heavy silver tea tray and threw it at the window, mimicking the motions she had seen Cap make so many times. Cap's training had mostly focused on hand-to-hand, but he had shown Clint how to throw his shield once, and she had been there to see it. Clint had been ridiculously smug.
At least Simon was safe in California. Maybe she ought to be grateful that he hadn't spoken to her yet. Apologizing to Clint had been difficult enough; she didn't know how she was going to face Simon again, after Chthon had used her to destroy Vision. She couldn't afford to mourn Vision yet, not with Chthon still attempting to break free, and she couldn't be around Simon without mourning him.
Every time she and Hank had returned from some social function, Hank had always come straight into the living room, thrown himself down on a couch, and sighed about how awful it had been to anyone who had been willing to listen. Jan had always followed close behind him, except for the couple of occasions when it truly had been awful, in which case Hank had gone to hide in his lab.
The ice pack felt good against his shoulder, but it was starting to make his fingers numb; the leather of his gloves was thinner than the rest of his costume, for flexibility's sake. Steve shifted his grip on the ice pack and wondered when exactly his team had started to fall apart.
"Peter?" his voice sounded distant, weird. "You shouldn't be here. You need to leave, before you get hurt, too."
"We can talk about this later, when we're out of here," she said firmly.  "I really don't want to die in order to make Doom a god.  If he's off meeting with Sin, he's too busy to come running back here the moment you shed the cuffs, Hank, so get over here and start figuring out how to get me out of this thing.  Carefully."  She mimed slipping her wrists out of cuffs.
"Victor von Doom."  Jan's voice rang out, shifting in pitch as she jumped down from Thor's shoulder and resumed normal size.  "Don's not going to get a chance to rip your lungs out," she continued.  "Because
Magic?  Some kind of coercion?  Thor would have given himself up for any one of the others, probably even Tony.
"Clint!" as he tried to protest the utter lack of any time to plan, warn his teammates, or ask Strange if he was, in fact, willing to help. And he probably ought to give Vision a heads up before his rather uncomfortably ex wife arrived. "Some time to get ready would have been nice," he finished, to the hollow sound of the empty line.
"He wasn't injured on the mission," Sharon said. She took a step away from her position just behind Barnes's chair, where she'd been not-quite-hovering, and faced Tony fully. "Sin and a dozen of her snake-themed crazies ambushed us on the way back."
The doctors had finished with both her and Sam in a matter of minutes, but Steve had insisted that they brief SHIELD on what had happened here rather than going to a conference room; Tony would have been grateful not to be cut out of things, but he suspected that Steve just didn't want to leave him.
Painful as it was to remember everything she had lost, she wouldn't have given up the memories for anything. If their own mother didn't remember them, then it truly would have been as if the twins weren't real, had never really existed.
And maybe, it wasn't just that he was tired of not trusting Tony. He'd had his reasons for taking off his costume and becoming The Captain, but... a lot of things had changed. Maybe it was time to stop waiting for the next betrayal, and start trying to get things back to normal again.
He'd already taken DeFalco and the rest of the inspection team from the Department of Energy on a tour of the new California plant, and really, most of them ought to have been able to figure out information as basic as emissions output just from looking at the equipment read-outs, but investors, in Tony's experience, really liked simple, brightly colored powerpoint slides, and in this case, the federal government was SI's major investor.
Chthon? Doom felt an unwelcome sinking sensation at the name. Loki could be dealt with once he possessed the spear, as could Strange, and several of the dark powers Doom owed unfortunate debts to. Chthon was another matter altogether. If he were interested in Doom's spear, it would complicate matters considerably.
"I hate magic," he muttered, and fired his repulsors at the nearest Doombot just on general principle.  Then he spun to aim them at what he was assuming was Doom himself, and groaned internally.
Tony sighed, and turned away a little, wrapping his arms around his torso. With his face turned away, he barely even looked like Tony anymore, but that bit of body language was also familiar; Steve had seem him fold his arms defensively like that even in the armor.
Both the girls drank. So did Tony, tossing back the shot glass full of soda with an ease that spoke of more practice than Steve wanted to think about.
"Technically, it's two hundred and seventy-six feet from the top of the tower to the water, and it was more of a sudden drop than a throw."
The building shuddered perceptibly as Jan stopped leaning her weight against the damaged wall, and Carol held her breath; if Tony said it would hold, it would probably hold, but the first few moments after the building settled felt very long. Thirty feet between the civilians and a potential collapse would be enough to save lives, but it was a narrow enough safety margin to be risky. People would get hurt, if Tony hadn't judged this properly, or if some unseen bit of damage made his calculations useless.
"One of the differences between you and me is that you actually think about these things," Hank informed Tony.
Luckily, this particular exhibition preview was open to all museum donors at the $500 a year level and up, so Steve was able to be there without openly attending as Tony's date. Tony's official 'plus one' for the evening was Wanda.
"We can keep everyone up there contained until Clint and the emergency personnel have cleared the lower floors," Steve said, pulling open the stairwell's heavy fire door.
"Yeah, Steve," Tony said, before the silence could stretch long enough to be telling. "You're a lousy date. Rumiko would have brought champagne without even thinking about it." She would only have brought it for herself, though – the very first time they had gone on a date, she had brought two bottles with her, red wine for herself, and sparkling cider for him. The fact that he hadn't even had to ask that she not offer him alcohol had been one of the things that had made Tony love her, even though it had also made him want to cringe over how
Only one or two of those were women who would actually consider attending a public event with large amounts of media coverage with another women.
SHIELD had to be coming.  Even if Tony hadn’t gotten through to them, they had to know something had happened.  Between the power outage, the green flames – they were gone now; when had they stopped burning? – and the blinding explosion of Wanda’s magic, everyone in the city had to know.
Sam's smirk widened; he was obviously remembering the same incident, but mercifully, he didn't bring it up. "Then what happened to your face?" he asked, instead.
His smile made Tony's skin crawl; he'd seen it before, he realized. If this man laughed, he knew, he'd be able to recognize the sound. "Go be friendly somewhere else," he snapped, glancing around automatically for his briefcase before remembering uneasily that he didn't have it with him. He jerked away from Rhodey's hand and started to walk, away from the stranger and the dance floor.
– standing in the United Nations building with Tony. Tony had been crying, wrenching sobs that shook his entire body, and she could tell, from his flushed face and the way his eyes hadn't quite tracked her movements, that he had been drinking. She remembered feeling indignant, angry, impatient – none of the worry or fear she should have felt for someone she had considered a friend for most of her adult life.
Wanda closed the heavy, wooden door behind her, and carefully set the loaf of bread down on the kitchen table, shoulders suddenly stiff. There was someone else in the house; she could feel it.
"Oh, thanks!" Steve called after her. The he brought the phone to his ear. Clint was still speaking - he had, Steve guessed, not stopped since Jan had picked the phone up, and probably didn't realize that she was no longer on the line. "Clint," Steve said loudly, cutting across the incomprehensible babble, "why are you bothering us with this? I thought we had all agreed that SOP for sex pollen, alien pheromones, and lust spells was to tell no one, never speak of it again, and pretend it didn't happen. Or, if necessary, get counseling."
Steve kicked the door to their room closed behind him, and let himself drop backward onto the bed, arms flung out. Tony was fine. Sharon or Bucky would have called him if Maya's examination had gone badly.
He had been prepared for this once. He'd let himself take his relationship with Steve for granted once he'd given up hope of being changed back.
"I kept the knife," he repeated, more loudly. "Took it 'way from the sonuvabitch who cut me, after I broke 'is wrist. S'in my coat pocket."
"Oh.   Right."  Peter made mental note to avoid asking about kinky lawyer  threesomes next time he saw Matt, no matter how tempting it might be.   He didn't really want to know; Matt just turned really entertaining  colors when you asked him personal questions.  On the other hand, Foggy  Nelson, Matt's legal partner and possible fellow kinky lawyer threesome  member, might hear him and actually answer.  Foggy was good at answering  questions you didn't really want to know the answers to, and also liked  seeing Matt turn colors.
Clint pulled the phone away from his mouth and turned slightly to face the rest of them. "No, he's an evil Chaos deity. It would be his left hand."
The kitchen, in contrast to the hallways and Hank's half-set-up lab, already looked lived in. Steve had stuck a clipping from the Daily Bugle to the fridge, a photo of the Avengers fighting the miniature army of Venom symbiotes that had attacked the city a couple months ago, and bracketed it with a US Army calendar – the tank featured in this month's picture still used old Stark Industry designs for its armor piercing rounds, the technology every bit as effective and deadly as it had been a decade ago – and a deliberately cartoony drawing of the cat sleeping in his shield.
"I  don't think I lived up to Ella Fitzgerald, but it's good to hear that I  didn't mangle it."  Then she paused, an amused little smile appearing  on her lips, and elbowed him in the ribs, nodding for Peter to look  behind him.
"Good work, guys," she said. "Who wants to stay and talk to the police and the press?" The Doppler sound of an ambulance siren nearly drowned out the end of her sentence, as the first of the crews of paramedics arrived, swerving carefully around Thor to pull up next to the curb.
Wanda shook her head sharply. "I didn't mean for that to happen! I thought if I went to Strange, I'd be safe, that he had enough power to defend himself if Chthon took me over again. I didn't want any of this. The last thing I remember is going to find Jen, and Cap says that was weeks before everything else happened. I was under Chthon's control for months, without anyone noticing, just like Tony and Immortus. Do you think I
The silence should have been excruciating, but something about it was oddly comforting.  At some point, Clint realized, he’d stopped feeling so uncomfortable around her.  Stopped picturing that night in Transia whenever he looked at her, remembering it whenever she touched him.
“Go ahead.”  Hank waved a hand at him.  “You probably understand it better than half the doctors here.  I don’t think they’ve ever treated mass-shifting-induced poisoning before.”
He'd been completely worn out by it yesterday afternoon, when Steve had found him lying on the bed in the dark, obviously suffering from another headache. This time, it had been bad enough that he'd actually confessed to overdoing it and agreed to talk to Maya.
Sam shrugged. "When you're giving a museum enough money to have your name carved on a plaque in the front hallway, you can probably do whatever you want."
Tony shook his head. "You wouldn't have, but you're right. It would have been a bad idea. For all we know, having sex in this body could lock me into it permanently or something." He paused. "I've mentioned that I hate magic, right?"
Steve cut him off before he could get any further with his attempt at evasion. "I need to talk to you."
Carol had started spending a lot of time in New York, then. She and Jessica argued more without Simon and his dislike of emotional conflict there to smooth things over, and make-up sex might be deeply satisfying, but it only went so far toward patching things up again after they'd both said things they regretted.
"Well then," Strange said, "let us go down and investigate your church. There very well may be something inside trying to get out." He most fervently hoped not, given that Chthon was dangerous enough anywhere, and likely to be even more dangerous in such close proximity to Baldur's Bane, especially inside a church. The barriers between dimensions were naturally thin inside sacred places, the more so the older said sacred location was. St. Margaret's had been built nearly a decade before the Civil War.
Hank was about to point out that no, they did not in fact "all know what happened," when Tony reached up and, with obvious reluctance, pulled his helmet off.
The crowd of reporters and general interested bystanders was surging forward now, as the police van left and took the immediate threat with it. They would have to talk to the press, of course. Not only did the Avengers generally need all the good publicity they could get, a supervillain attack on a major tourist site like the Met was bound to have people worrying about terrorism. "I think," Jan said carefully, "that we should avoid mentioning the book full of evil spells to the news crews."
Tony wore guilt badly – it weighed down his shoulders like a heavy winter coat, and kept him from meeting anyone's eyes. Hank remembered that feeling, better than he wanted to.
Steve let go of his tie, embarrassed at being caught yanking at it like a kid who'd been forced into his Sunday best, only to realize that Jan hadn't been speaking to him.
Wanda, in the process of spreading a blanket over Clint, looked over at Steve with a faint smile. "I'm not taking his boots off," she said, and shook her head, long hair falling over one shoulder. "Jarvis will just have to cope with shoes on the furniture."
The plane's wheels hit the runway with a jolt, and the malevolent force Wanda had sensed lurking in the corners of her mind rushed in like water filling a bowl.
Hank stared at her, face unreadable. "I- I did?" He shook his head. "I didn't want to do it. I wasn't using the situation as some kind of an excuse to get back into costume again."
"I can't believe you didn't tell me about the two of you," Wanda was saying with forced cheer, giving Tony a playful shove. Tony swayed with the motion, completely unsmiling; he looked shell-shocked, pale. The session with Strange must have gone very badly. "Now that you're a girl, it's your obligation as part of the feminine sisterhood to tell me and Jan exactly what Cap looks like naked."
"You really ought to have earrings, with hair that short," Jan was musing, studying him carefully with the air of an artist evaluating a nearly-complete painting. "It's a little late for that now, though. And the clunky wristwatch comes off."
At least the deploying of teenagers into combat situations had stopped; Gyrich and Rhodey's team had seen to that. Gyrich could sense which way the political winds were blowing, and he'd always known how to follow political trends.
"You think Chthon's causing all this?" She thought of the face on the pavement, leering evilly up at her. That one had to be a coincidence, even if the disaster itself wasn't — it was too pat, too silly and trite not to be.
Loki leaned in and licked the edge of his reflection's ear with a long, pink tongue. "I would be your friend, Thunder-god," she purred, as Thor suppressed a shudder. "The halls of Valhalla must be empty without Sif beside you."
"It's happened before. Right after I got the Extremis, and then before that, with Kang." Tony shook his head, looking away. "In the hospital, earlier... I thought that you were still dead, and that I'd killed you."
Mjolnir came flying at Sin's head so quickly that Steve didn't hear the whistle of the air parting around it until she had already blocked it.
Tony slammed the hammer down again, then again, letting the noise drown out any further words. Can't hear you, Steve.
tried to stop him, when he'd discovered what Tony was doing. "And then people would have died. Maybe not right away, but eventually."
The entrance to Stark Tower was designed to be imposing; the double doors were close to eight feet high, with a grill of decorative metalwork covering them. Beyond them, through the gaps in the ironwork, the three-story-high, marble-floored lobby was visible, the wide expanse dotted with men and women in what were probably very expensive suits.
"3-quinuclidinyl benzilate!" Hank snapped his fingers. "I'm stupid. Tachycardia, hallucinations, increased temperature... this is some kind of modified derivative of BZ."
"So, Captain America, how's your boyfriend doing? He was a total wreck the whole time you were dead, and I was wondering if he'd gotten over that yet?"
"In the future, maybe we should avoid taunting supervillains," Tigra suggested, her tail swishing gently back and forth.
His entire peripheral nervous system would degrade or short out, and he'd be left paralyzed. The pain behind his eye was actually damage to his optic nerve, and he was going to slowly lose visual acuity until he was blind, and never fly or drive anything again. His internal organs would shut down, one by one, and he'd die slowly, but only after forcing Steve to watch him gradually slide downhill for months.
"He wasn't stabbed that badly," Daredevil halted his nervous pacing of the room to proteSt. "I can tell when someone's punctured a lung; their breathing changes, and you can hear the fluid in their-"
There were times when she understood completely why Cap and Thor liked hitting things so much.  Doombots weren't alive, couldn't feel pain. There was no need to hold back, or to worry about accidentally killing or hurting anyone.
What the hell had that been? His heart was pounding, and he felt sick, shaken, and desperately in need of a drink. Where had he known that man from? Why didn't he remember?
Going by the radio chatter that kept intruding on Carol's concentration, the tentacle monster secreted some kind of acidic slime. And had barbed suction cups on the undersides of its dozen arms. Carol breathed through her mouth, trying not to sneeze at the haze of plaster dust in the air, and reflected that it probably said something about her that that sounded like a more appealing challenge than this.
He said it so casually that it was a moment before Steve noticed that he'd said "I" instead of the usual "we."
"And several nice government incentives for pursuing them," Tony said, nodding. He could see where Grant was going with this; playing a major role in the development of alternative fuel sources would be a nice in with the new administration, provided the president lived up to his campaign promises about supporting scientific progress. And anything that let them do part of their research on the government's dime was good for the companies finances in both the short and long term, provided they could produce results.
"-and Iron Man and Captain America have, ah, resolved their differences and reformed an Avengers team."
Pepper let out a short bark of laughter. "Really? You and Rhodey are the most oblivious men on the planet. I mean, for God's sake,
Tony planted his hands on his desk and braced himself until the moment of dizziness passed. When he looked up again, Pepper was frowning at him with slightly annoyed-looking concern.
Steve just sat there, hoping the expression on his face didn't look too stunned and vacant. Maybe they could go back to making fun of his costume, instead of talking about Tony performing oral sex on rock musicians? This was not helping his attempt to not think dirty thoughts about his probably-concussed teammate.
Steve's shield whooshed through the air where she had been, a fraction of a second too late, and clanged loudly off one of the support pillars that held up the third-floor balcony.
They'd already started. The magazine wouldn't even hit newsstands until tomorrow morning, but going by the reaction to the internet article, which thus far seemed to consist of titillated snickering and indignant proclamations that Captain America wasn't gay and anyone who suggested otherwise was an anti-American terrorist, it was going to be an absolutely miserable media circus. Exactly the kind of thing they didn't have time for right now.
"Jen was already going. I could have gone, or called in some favors to get one of our auxiliary members to return to full-time status." It wasn't as if the Avengers were lacking connections in the superhero community. This probably wasn't a conversation Wanda really wanted to have, though. Time to change the subject.
"I needed to shut it down quickly," Steve said, suppressing a flash of guilt as he stared up at the damage his shield had done. Someone was going to have to replace that, and he didn't even want to imagine what it was going to cost.
Tony sounded good, normal - more like himself than Steve had heard him sound in a long time, unless he counted Iron Man's performance in the fight against Masters of Evil. But then, even when he'd been drinking heavily, Tony had usually managed to sound like something like normal. If he hadn't, people would have figured out what was going on sooner.
He didn't know how to. Sharing the details of his sexual history with the press was nothing new, even if he'd never been quite this honest about it before, and any shame he'd had over the process had died a humiliated death during Kathy Dare's trial, when the judge had actually questioned him — and several of his ex-girlfriends — about it under oath. Sharing that kind of personal information about his feelings, for Steve or anyone else, felt like stripping himself bare for everyone to see.
The column of smoke that wrapped itself around his waist was as thick as a tree trunk and just as solid. The abrupt loss of momentum was as jarring as flying into a wall, rattling him around inside his armor in a way that was going to leave bruises later.
Matt nodded, and shifted his weight uneasily from one foot to the other, obviously wanting to pace. He talked with his hands when he was out of costume, gestures broader the more agitated he was, and Strange had recognized the signs of a person who didn't like sitting still, who enjoyed grandstanding, who liked to feel in control of his environment. He could guess from experience how long it had probably taken for the other man to teach himself how to stay perfectly still and silent, which he could do eerily well. Not at the moment, though. He had been visibly nervous from the moment they had walked through the front doors.
The last of the bystanders had slipped through the door now, leaving just the security staff to get caught in any crossfire, and through the glass doors, Don could see Steve outside on the sidewalk, directing people away from the building. Tony must have used his Extremis abilities to call him. Jan, too, he realized – there was a small, moving dot barely visible just inside the door, flying towards the security personnel.
"Clothing that actually fits would be a start." Pepper gestured at Tony's dress shirt, now over-sized and hanging off his shoulders. "So would a bra. We wear them for a reason, you know."
"A lot. All we ever do is talk about you." Hank didn't rise to the bait, so Clint went on, "I was worried. I thought maybe there was something wrong with him. And it wasn't like he was going to tell us; we wouldn't have found out until he passed out on the Senate floor or fell out of the sky during a fight or something."
"That's why I like my hex powers." Wanda gestured with one hand, as if throwing a hex sphere. "They manipulate probability, not reality itself." She turned back to Tony. "I don't see any sign of the spell, either." She looked away then, shaking her head. "I'm sorry that you got caught up in this. There must have been some scrap of Agatha left in there, since she didn't wish to use me as Chthon's vessels, but I couldn't get through to her."
"Knowing and mocking are two different things." Tony grinned up at him lopsidedly, head lolling back against the couch. "Sorry. I was just… surprised. And then I kept thinking about you and another man in one of your costumes, and… it was very distracting."
"It did?" Don was visibly disappointed. "They were the only place that would still deliver here. And they had that carnivore special with five kinds of meat on it."
Steve stared at him for one frozen moment, very aware that no one but Tony himself could remove the armor these days. Unless Pepper had an emergency override code? He hadn't thought to ask, how could he not have asked?
"I'm glad he didn't," Tony said. His voice had its old, familiar timber, the husky mezzo-soprano Steve had finally grown used to gone for good. "Hell, I ought to be thanking him. You have no idea how wonderful it is to have my own body back."
Normally, Tony would have been glad that at least he'd managed talk Rhodey into coming with him and would therefore have someone interesting to talk to, but he was pretty sure that Rhodey had agreed to accompany him solely for the opportunity to laugh at him.
Tony appeared behind Hank and Wanda, his altered appearance completely concealed inside the Iron Man armor - Jan was too busy trying desperately to think of what on Earth she was going to say to Hank to even be disappointed.
Sam hissed through his teeth, snatching his — sock-clad — foot away.  "Your cat is really annoying.  You know that, right?"
There was a half-empty plastic glass of orange juice sitting in the corner of the fold-down tray in front of her, and the taste of oranges in her mouth. She didn't remember drinking it.
He'd almost started to feel comfortable in a female body, but having his own back was... he'd stopped expecting to ever be normal again, to be able to move in a fight without reminding himself that his reach was shorter, to look Steve and Sam and Hank in the eye instead of looking up at them. He'd missed that last the most, even more than the additional strength and mass that gave him better leverage when he was manhandling pieces of machinery into place.
In the back of his head, he could sense Redwing's wary reluctance to return to the Mansion, balanced against the knowledge that Sam and food were both there. Redwing didn't spook easily. Neither did the cat, who had stood his ground against two and a half pounds of pissed off, territorial red-tailed hawk without blinking.
"Oh God," Tony was staring at Rhodey now, that same blank, horrified look on his face. "Not you, too."
A flight attendant was pushing a cart down the aisle toward her, collecting all the passengers' trash. When she reached Wanda, the woman gave her a bright, false smile. "Thank you," Wanda said, passing her the mostly-empty plastic cup, and the woman blinked.
"Right." Clint said. "I see what you mean. I don't know, he seems fine to me." He shook his head. "It's still weird hearing people talk about that. I only saw it on TV. It feels kind of like it never really happened, but then someone will say something, or not say something, and it's like they're all having this secret conversation that doesn't include me."
And he was saved once more. "It was ages ago, when Tony was on the west coast after the drinking, back when Rhodey was wearing the armor." Hank had been out there too, in his first attempt at hanging up the costume and just being a scientist, and Tigra. And Bobbi. "Tony and Rhodey got into an argument while Rhodey was fighting some supervillain, and Rhodey socked him one. Or anyway, that's what the Witch told me; she's the one who tried to break them up."
Any further discussion of Tony and sex and Steve was not going to be responsible for his actions, which would probably include something really embarrassing, like propositioning Tony.
"And Sam?" Jan asked.  Her last memory of the fight involved one of Sin's goons clubbing him with the butt of a semiautomatic rifle.  Had they taken him, too?  Chained him up somewhere else?  Shot him and left him for dead?
Sin's eyes narrowed to slits, the pouty adolescent façade cracking and falling away. "I want blood, Victor. I want the vengeance you promised me. I want my father and Brock back, and I want to watch my father's glorious Reich rise from the ashes of this filthy country." She took a deep breath, and her voice was reasonable again, even sweet. "But I'd settle for some kind of progress. Give me results, or you can find someone else to fetch the spear for you. I think Zola is still out there somewhere."
Steve launched himself at Doom, no strategy behind the move, just a fierce, violent desire to smash his shield into Doom's face again and again until he had a reason to wear that mask.
Steve wasn’t sure if they were long overdue for some good luck in general, or if they’d already had more than their fair share.
"I'm allowed to not get avant garde art," Tony said, gesturing expansively at the museum around them with the arm that wasn't wrapped around Steve's waist. "I'm just an engineer. You're supposed to be sensitive and artistic."
The blond American hadn't been the only person who'd come here to see her. As the thing-that-was-not-her-aunt spoke, a hazy memory tugged at the corner of her mind. There had been another visitor, a beast-man with blue fur, who had accused her her of doing something terrible, and had begged for her help. She had laughed at him. She didn't know why; she had listened to him plead, and opened her mouth to apologize, to tell him she was sorry, but she had no idea what he was talking about, but instead she had mocked him, and sent him away. She hadn't known him either, but she had the nagging feeling that she should have, and that she knew the blond American from somewhere else, too.
Agatha raised her eyebrows, her eyes in their nest of wrinkles suddenly sharp. "What does Stephen think?"
"The floor is covered with my armor," Tony gasped, breaking the next kiss for a moment in order to say it. "We can't do this here." Actually, he realized, the door had a lock that only he could open and he'd told Pepper not to let anyone else into his office. She wouldn't have let Steve in if she hadn't decided that it would be good for Tony to talk to him.
If felt as if he were standing slightly outside himself, watching someone else lock herself in the bathroom stall and pull off her suit jacket and vest, unfasten her trousers, and-
"Yes I do," Hank said. "Otherwise, Tigra, Bobbi, and Clint will be holding down the fort in LA by themselves."
The remnants of the magic Chthon had made her work to erase so many people's mutations would be vaporized if she turned this on them, no matter how much of the spear's energy it took.   Just a small pull on probability here, a twist of causality there, and reality would bend and reshape itself and Vision and Scott and Jack would never have died.   Her children would exist again, as if they had never stopped, and this time she'd have enough power to make them truly real.   They could be a family, herself and Vision and the twins, and Pietro, and-
If he’d thought about it beforehand, Clint wouldn’t have moved, would have kept his hands to himself, but Wanda looked so miserable for a moment, and before he knew it, he’d shoved himself upright and leaned over to pull her into a hug.
Strange shrugged, an elegant motion. "After my failure to help you earlier, a place to sleep is the least I can do."
“Washington’s not going to like that she was killed with superpowers,” Jan said, after a moment.  The CIA and half a dozen other government agencies would have fought SHIELD for custody of Sin if she’d been taken alive, with the other governments Sharon had mentioned putting in their bids.  Dead, she had considerably less value to the intelligence community, and dead at the hands of superhumans, she was a Friends of Humanity or Anti-Repeal martyr waiting to happen.
"Who cares?" Clint said. "There's no way you get to say something like that and not give details. Like who, and when, and why the hell you'd want to, and why haven't I ever heard about it?"
His back throbbed hotly where he'd hit the lamppost; it was probably going to bruise. The armor made rubbing at the injury a useless gesture, but he did it anyway. Steve would probably tell him that bruises would remind him to pay more attention to the fight next time, and he'd be right. If he hadn't been wearing the armor, he could have broken his back.
Thinking about Steve and sex in the same sentence was never going to get old, especially not now that he had first hand experience in the matter. It turned out that a female body had a few advantages to it after all, especially when your partner had super-soldier-serum-enhanced endurance and a recovery period that would have had Tony seething with envy if he weren't currently benefiting from it.
There was a long moment of silence, and then Hill said, her voice carefully casual, "I read your interview in the
"Well, if things don't work out here, I suppose there's always LA," Hank said, after a long stretch of silence broken only by the faint whirring and grinding of computer fans as he plugged in the two computer systems he'd brought with him and started booting them up. One was a heavily modified Stark Enterprises unit, its fan wheezing in that distinctive way that all the 2006 models' did, before they'd started using solid-state hard drives and solved the heat problem, the other a much quieter back-up system Tony had built Hank from scratch during the week after his toxin-induced hospital stay, when he'd been barred from doing any real work and desperate to keep himself occupied somehow. "That is, provided Chthon doesn't destroy it."
But... Hank was not only trying to rebuild his life; he seemed to actually be doing it, something she had thought impossible little over a year ago. And today... she still knew how to fight on a team with him, how to automatically dodge around where Hank's blows were going to be to get up close into a villain's face. It was how they had taken down Atlas, Jan providing the last-second distraction while Hank administered the knock-out punch.
Then Steve let go of him and sprang back to his feet, holding a hand down for Tony to grab. "Come on, on your feet, Avenger. You should have seen that throw coming two moves ahead."
She knew how to fight. She had to remember that. She had combat training from some of the most skilled fighters in the world; she could protect herself.
"They probably got it from the Russians; they've got stockpiles of just about any kind of dated chemical weapon you could want." The newcomer shook his head, looking disgusted, then added. "I'm Jim Rhodes, War Machine. Everybody calls me Rhodey. I guess you're Spiderman?"
He probably hadn't wanted her to hear that conversation, she reflected. It couldn't have been easy for him to admit his fears of losing control again to Steve and Tony in the first place, let alone with her watching. "It wasn't the costume that was the problem, Hank," she said, faintly surprised at how gentle her voice sounded. "You know that."
"He's right." Tony's metal faceplate was expressionless, as always, but even through the helmet's voice filters, he sounded stubbornly uncompromising. "We owe her. She wouldn't have ended up in this situation at all if we'd noticed what was going on sooner."
She smiled, revealing teeth just a little too sharp to be human. "You would have the gratitude of a god. After I reabsorb the spear's power and use it to slay my step-brother and assume the throne of Valhalla, the Odin-force will belong to me. I will have power beyond your imaginings, and the ability to grant you great favors."
Carol glanced around them automatically, half-expecting to see one of the rescued civilians staring at them in horror or prurient interest. This was not the place for this conversation. Few places were, really. And the fight at the docks sounded like it was still going strong — they needed to be there, not here. "I'm pretty sure you were the one who was date raped, from what you told me," she said, keeping her voice low.
They hadn't needed Tony and his prominent donor status to make this go smoothly after all. Just a couple of pretty faces — Steve included — and someone to talk science.
That didn't mean this prescription was for one of those things, though. Cap was probably forcing Tony to go to doctors' appointments and other 'good for you' things these days, especially after the poison incident. Cap
"We have agents looking for property in the city owned by Doom or by Latverian companies," Sharon said, "but they've been at it for weeks already and haven't found anything that Doom could use for holding prisoners."
"Are you actually going to pick a book?" Wanda asked. "Or are you just going to wander back and forth distractingly?"
Wanda was silent for a painfully stretched-out moment, staring at him with a stiff, blank expression. Then her face twisted, her eyes going bright and glassy with tears, and she jumped to her feet, leaning across the table and enveloping Tony in a hug.
"If it helps," Peter offered, squinting at his new print-out of test results, "one of the ingredients is some kind of benzilate."
"Whatever spell he was doing blew up in his face." Wanda hadn't meant to speak, and didn't fully realize that she had until everyone in the cramped little room was staring at her.
Of course not. Tony had never met a computer program or piece of machinery he couldn't fix, and if he ever did, he'd never admit to it.
He opened the magazine, flipping through it to find the article. "That's why she kept calling Pepper," he muttered, staring down at the first page. "She was trying to get a quote."
Steve didn't need to ask what things. "I would be more worried if you were handling it all perfectly." They had lost so many people… Clint, Vision, Scott, Wanda… The team had been the only family Steve had, with the exception of Sam, and he knew it had been the same for Tony.
"Strange is just about finished with his examination," Hank said, after a moment. "He wants to talk to you about his results."
Sleeping in this hollow shell of a dwelling place out of pride was as foolish as refusing to speak to Tony or Hank had been, and served as little purpose.
It didn't seem right that an evil as great as Chthon could walk into a church so easily; there ought to have been a barrier across the threshold, to keep the likes of her out of here.
Tony glanced away, fiddling with a fold of the sheet. "I know. I'm trying." He looked up again, seductive smirk back in place, and leaned down, putting one deceptively delicate hand on Steve's shoulder. "Let's talk later," he said directly into Steve's ear, his voice low and husky; Tony knew perfectly well what it did to Steve when he sounded like that, and took shameless advantage of it. Tony's tongue ran along the edge of Steve's ear, warm and wet. "I can think of better things to do now," he whispered, breath cool against the wet patch of skin he'd made. The he pulled back, eyes once again dropping to Steve's crotch and the evidence of what exactly that particular tone of voice was accomplishing.
When he drew back, Tony was staring at him, an almost painful sort of wonder in his eyes. "Is that a yes?"
"Well, that's flattering." From the tone of his voice, Tony was more than willing to have this fight, and there was something oddly satisfying about hearing the confrontational edge in his voice, and seeing him toss down the micro-tool he'd been holding and shove himself to his feet. Even obviously tired and headachy, with circles under his eyes and late-night stubble blurring the edges of his goatee, he moved gracefully. "I gave you my word, Steve."
Wanda, at least, was an early riser, either by nature or from prolonged exposure to Steve, who was such an aggressively cheerful morning person that Jan preferred to avoid him before nine a.m. whenever possible. Four a.m. however, would have been early even for Steve. It was occasionally when Tony went to bed.
"I fell in love with you," Steve snapped. "I don't care what gender you are. If I didn't care that you'd been changed into a woman, why would it stop me that you'd been changed back?"
It wasn't just Tony not being there; he'd had nightmares after the team had fallen apart, when they'd thought Wanda had gone crazy, and he'd had them during the registration fight, too, and during the war. Wanda coming back had probably set them off again, or maybe Chthon's presence was affecting him, dredging up old nightmares. The security guard at the Metropolitan Museum had said that the John Dee book gave him nightmares.
"I hate the Kingpin," he said. Because he did, he really did, with a kind of dark intensity that was especially scary for the fact that he'd never felt it before. No matter how much he wanted to hate Norman Osborn -- for Gwen's sake, and maybe especially for Harry's sake -- he was and always would Harry's father, and as much of a psychopathic bastard as he was, Harry had loved him, and Peter could never quite bring himself forget that.
Still, refusing would have been silly; turning down an offer of help to stay in cheap hotels out of her own sense of trite melodrama wouldn't help anyone, least of all the other guests in said hotels.
"Well, yes, but..." that made logical sense, but it didn't feel right. Half a moment later, she belatedly realized why, and the hair on her arms stood up. "No one would have expected you to go back, Clint. If it were me, I don't think I could have. Not if I thought it might happen again." Facing another version of Marcus during Kang's invasion of Earth a few years ago had been hard enough — her skin had crawled every time he'd tried to touch her. Going back to limbo with him would have been an impossibility.
"My father was conquering the world before you were even born, you jumped up piece of trash," Sin spat. "You need me more than I need you. Don't forget that." She turned on her heel and stalked out of the room, boots loud against the warehouse's stone floor.
Don plucked the paper from Clint's hand and flattened it out, frowning at it. "Huh," he muttered. "He did go see a doctor. Good."
DeFalco raised his eyebrows, looking suitably impressed. He was actually looking at the slides this time, and not at Tony's breasts, which were nearly invisible under his suit jacket anyway, thanks to expensive tailoring. "I have to say, Ms. Stark-"
"What have you been doing in Oklahoma?" Clint had been to Oklahoma. There was nothing there to write home about.
It was most certainly not nothing; Tony was hunched forward, curling in on himself as if in pain, and Thor could hear a slight wheeze in his breathing. He did not need Don Blake's medical knowledge to know that this boded ill.
Tony recoiled, throwing himself backwards out of the bed so that he was standing several feet away, leaving Steve crouched in a tangle of sheets, one hand still outstretched. "You're bleeding," Tony whispered.
"They're doing that already," Jan pointed out. "Don't talk," she went on, pointing a finger at him, "just listen. You're going to be uncomfortable at this party no matter what, right?"
Hank picked up his empty glass. "Aren't we supposed to be playing this stupid game? Who's turn is it?"
If Jan wasn't done with that, she was going to be less than pleased. Steve checked the title absently, and reconsidered; no, it was Vogue. She only read that in order to mock other designers' haute couture clothing anyway.
"Good idea," Tony said, pulling his gaze away from Steve's mouth to meet his eyes. "I promised Jarvis that you wouldn't break any more furniture."
Hank didn’t say anything, just turned his head into Jan, his eyes closed, and Don immediately felt uncomfortable and intrusive.  He cleared his throat awkwardly, deliberately letting the end of his walking stick clack loudly against the floor.
Could have- Clint blinked at her, about to ask what she was talking about, but she didn’t give him the chance.
"Yes," Steve said. "After you get done staring enviously at the painting you almost bought," he added, "where do you want to go eat?"
He couldn't remember most of his dreams last night, but at least one had involved drowning, the water warm and metallic tasting. He wasn't sure if it had been Bucky's face staring down through the water at him, or Sharon's, or Tony's.
still present somehow. His own personal stake in the matter didn't change that. "I can't leave the team right now, not even for this. Not unless Sin starts spreading her attacks beyond SHIELD. But if you need me--"
A shame none of these Doombots had the energy weapons their comrades at the mansion had carried.  Guns of all kinds were always so easy to disable.
"This is extremely bad news." Strange shook his head, glaring at Tony's abdomen as if it had personally offended him. "Apparently your body is becoming more fully female as time passes. It is a complication I had not predicted. And of course changing you back now is out of the question without medical intervention. Otherwise the process would most likely kill you."
He'd testified against the Registration Act in front of Congress. He'd fought Hitler and alien warlords and supervillains and demons and gods. He'd come back from the — Steve mentally flinched away from the word, then made himself think it,
The part of Steve that wanted to snarl at Rhodey to stay away from Tony, to keep his paws off him because he'd tried to hurt him in the past, was completely irrational and motivated solely by leftover protectiveness from yesterday.
Was that a sign of another headache, or was he just thinking? Steve couldn't tell anymore, and that worried him.
Steve did not point out that that wasn't a very nice thing to say, but Tony had also learned long since to read
Tony waved a hand. "If I have to, I can go back to the West Coast and fly back any time they have a new spell to try on me. I actually had to be in New York this week anyway, for a board meeting." He made a wry face, and added, "I'm running a lot of SI's R&D department from the West Coast now, but most of my board don't want to go any further from Wall Street than you have to go in order to go antiquing in Connecticut. Not unless it's to Europe."
Ms. Marvel was coming out of Tony's room. She was staring off into the distance with a worried expression, not seeming to see Peter. She'd been an Avenger for years, Peter thought. She probably knew Jan Van Dyne at least as well as Hawkeye did.
She poured all of the spear's power into the command, letting it flow through her and out through the weapon itself.   It hurt, a searing pain that made even the white-hot burn of the wards on her neck and hands fade into insignificance, but when the raw chaos energy hit Sin, the tentacles curled away from it, thrashing and shriveling, and Chthon's screams of rage echoes at the edges of her mind.
Tony pulled back, and with the kiss broken, Steve could once again think about what a bad idea this was. Tony was vulnerable right now, not himself, potentially unstable... and currently pulling Steve's shirt up over his head and running his hands over Steve's naked back and stomach.
Two of the cameras were damaged, transmitting nothing but static. A third, located close to the malfunctioning ones, but at a higher and harder to reach angle that had probably hidden it from even wary and suspicious eyes, showed him the motionless body of a security guard, dark liquid spreading in a pool around his head.
The Army had given it back to Steve when he'd been unfrozen, tucked into the single cardboard box that had held all his remaining possessions. They had been carefully stored away in a government warehouse somewhere for "posterity," Bucky's things jumbled together with his own, because there'd been no next of kin to claim them when the two of them been reported dead. He'd barely touched it since then, afraid that if he handled it too much, it would start to fall apart.
Steve set a hand on each of Tony's shoulders, turning him gently until they were facing one another again. "It's okay," he said - babbled, really, the words sounding like they were coming from someone else. "We'll figure this out."
The house hadn't even lasted three months.  At this rate, the insurance company was probably going to try to sue Tony.
Tony  smiled at him again -- not the smug, through-the-eyelashes one, but a  soft little smile that was funny to see on Tony Stark, billionaire  playboy -- and the band started playing another song.
"No." Steve held out a hand, and Tony came to a halt a step away from his chair. "Tell me. You used to talk to me about things like this." Once he said it, he realized that wasn't actually true. Tony had been one of the handful of people whom he could always talk to, but he'd rarely reciprocated. Hell, as far as Steve could tell, Tony never spoke to anyone about his real problems, not the serious ones, anyway.
Wanda shook her head, offering him a weak smile. "It's all right. There was nothing anyone could have done. I-" she hesitated, then, "They weren't really real, anyway."
"Ahaha. Very funny," Clint muttered. "Where do you think they've got Jan and Tony?" The EMTs hadn't let him ride in the ambulance with Jan. Of course, they hadn't let Cap ride along with Tony, either, so that wasn't all that surprising. He wondered, if Hank had been there, if they would have let
"Peter," Tony said matter-of-factly, "go away and leave me here with the ghosts before you end up as one of them."
"I don't think he wanted to go." That was an understatement, actually. Tony had begun to wear a distinctly hunted look any time anyone connected with the government contacted them. He was handling all of it, and better than Hank would have, but nobody bounced back quickly from the kind of burnout Tony had been headed for after Doom and company attacked. Even a week later, when the hearings in DC had started, there had still been circles under his eyes.
"You won't," Tony told him. It was lousy as far as reassurances went, because he had no way of knowing that for certain, but Hank had been stable for over a year, longer than Tony had been sober. And even if he had still been a manic, paranoid mess, they would still have needed him in the event that they ended up facing down Chthon.
"I've been attempting to contact you for weeks, you fool," the hateful voice went on. "You don't look in mirrors often, do you?"
It had always been the person, for him, whenever it had been serious, not the body they came in. Whitney's scarred face hadn't made a difference to him, and Bethany's strength and Indres' seductive smiles would have been just as irresistible if they had been men. Rhodey's piloting skills and ability to hold his own against Tony in a race or an argument and Steve's passion and confidence and overwhelming physical presence would have been just as sexy in a woman.
"I couldn't leave Jan to handle everything alone," Tony said, trying to smile. Not that there'd been much he could do. The armor was a weapon; it wasn't designed for crowd control. He'd barely been able to use it for fear of hurting the people he was trying to protect. "But hey, you got everyone out, so I guess it doesn't matter."
"Anything can be defeated." The objection was automatic. "You just have to figure out its weak points. Admittedly, Morgan Le Fay had a lot more of those than Chthon." Standing there hovering while Wanda sat at the table and ate was awkward, so Tony gave in and took the chair opposite her, taking advantage of Steve's absence to lean his elbow on the table and rest his forehead against his hand.
It was less emotion than Don had expected.  Hank had been nearly yelling at him in the warehouse, had snarled angrily at Thor the few times Thor had tried to confront him about it.  Even his apologies had sounded angry.  “Are you all right?”
"I should have it all back together in a couple of hours," Tony said. "I've got everything I need to upgrade the bootjets in my lab."
"There are things you could have made public after the Registration fight that you kept quiet about," he said, slowly. He doubted Ben meant the mention of that interview to be anything other than either the lead-in to another question about their relationship, or maybe a subtle offer of sympathy, but the unspoken knowledge of everything else they had discussed then hung in the air. "I owe you for that. So I'll give you a freebie. You can ask me one question, about anything you want, and I'll answer it honestly."
He was right; the dishtowel didn't take all the make-up off. Steve was right, too, though; it did remove most of it.
They needed to stay on the ball. And they needed to keep public confidence in superheroes high, or the tension caused by Chthon and the apparently steadily increasing power leakage from spear would find a new outlet.
He started to run for the elevator, ignoring the way his knee twinged at each step and praying that it wouldn't pick now to suddenly go out from under him. Damn Odin's sense of humor, anyway.
This wasn't the  old Avengers, so when Tony didn't turn up at the breakfast table, Danny  Rand had taken his seat, and no had commented on it except Jarvis, who  had frowned and sent a tray down to Tony's office.  No one had commented  on the fact that Danny was wearing one of Luke's t-shirts and Jessica  Jones's bathrobe, either.  It was probably time they all stopped  pointedly not commenting and just got him his own chair.
She leaned across the table and put a hand on Tony's arm, nodding at the vent. "I think we might have a problem."
There had to be some kind of digital recording equipment that was closer to Maya and Dr. Deodato than he was. Trying to hack into it might just give him a nosebleed at this point, though, after all the strain he'd put on the Extremis over the past few days, and yesterday's blinding migraine wasn't something he was eager to repeat.
Even during the very worst of Tony's breakdown, when he'd been trying to drink himself to death, Steve had still been able to get through to him, even if he hadn't been able to help. Now...
There was a small earring caught in the corner of the box, a silver ball on a straight post, missing the earring back. Sharon's. She'd helped him box up his stuff when he'd moved into the warehouse in Dumbo, then helped him unpack.
"Don't let Aunt May hear you say that," Peter cautioned. "It's rude to speak ill of people who are in hospital beds." The thing was, thinking about it, maybe he wasn't as mad as he thought he'd been. Or at the very least, wasn't as angry as he'd been a month ago. He'd never been very good at holding grudges, and now that Registration was mostly gone, he was having trouble holding on to his righteous indignation. With the source of his righteous indignation over and done with, he was finding it harder to come up with reasons to stay mad, he'd found himself resorting to petty things like, "His cat doesn't like me."
Tony's face might be hidden under an expressionless metal helmet, but Steve's mask did nothing hide his open mortification. Jan didn't even have to ask if it what Tony had just implied was true - Steve's face told her.
Steve gently disentangled himself from Tony’s arms, trying his best not to pull on any of the tubes and wires attached to him, and carefully lowered his right arm back to the bed.  They had put the IV line in Tony’s left arm – they always did, unless Tony was awake at the time to insist they use his right.  “I love you, too,” he said.
Several endless seconds passed, during which Tony failed to open his eyes.  "What's wrong with him?" Steve asked, tearing his gaze away from Tony's face to look at Thor.  He was a doctor, some of the time, or at least, Don Blake was.  How much of his medical knowledge did Thor have?  However much, it was more than Steve, whose knowledge of medicine involved mainly CPR and first aid and how to administer a morphine injection and apply a tourniquet in a battlefield situation.
It grated to follow another's suggestions, but Doom did as she said and lowered his weapon. It was useless anyway. "Baldur's Bane will be mine. You lost any claim to it long ago."
"But I was the one who cast it in the first place," she said, softly, hating the truth in the words. "Couldn't I-"
A chill crawling up his spine, Steve took her by the arm, trying to be gentle, and pulled her a few steps away from the display case. The plaque beside it proclaimed that the book was a 16th century study of alchemy and astronomy by John Dee, collecting excerpts from numerous Renaissance writings on alchemy. From the central location of the display and the size of the plaque, it was one of the showpieces of the exhibit.
If the baby were actually going to be born, would it have been a boy or a girl? Would it have inherited the supersoldier serum? Tony's fiercely determined intelligence?
He managed to wrench himself away from the flow of chaos magic just as his vision began to go dark around the edges. The mocking sound of Chthon's laughter followed him down into darkness.
Clint shrugged one shoulder. "Deal with it. In a real fight the other guys are going to have powers or weapons. Anyway, I could still mop the floor with you bare-handed."
Hank didn't answer. The basement lab felt even larger and colder once she and Tony had left, and even the glass-walled ant nest he'd installed in the back corner wasn't very good company.
A museum security guard lay crumpled by the foot of the stairs, unconscious. He'd been luckier than the man Tony had seen in the video footage, but not by much; he breathed with the shallow rasp of someone with a damaged trachea. He needed medical attention, and he wasn't going to get it until they cleared Sin's men out of the building or at least disarmed them.
Cornering Tony in his lab last night to talk about things had ended up turning into yet another round of passionate sex, and while post-coital snuggling on the floor of Tony's lab had been nice, Steve wasn't sure it counted as talking about their relationship. So he'd asked Tony to come with him to a photography exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art, where nothing untoward could happen.
drag you back here. Or I could drag you to Caesar's Palace. They like me there. I always make sure to spend enough on gratuitous room service bills to make up for cleaning them out at the tables. Or, I did." He made a wry face. "I generally accomplished that by buying incredibly expensive champagne by the case."
Clint obediently let her usher him to an exam table. "So," he said. "Do I get to have the hot, blonde nurse stitch me up, or do I have to settle for a grumpy doctor?"
"There's still an 'us?'" Tony interrupted. He tensed, awaiting Steve's answer, ready to force himself to open his eyes and let go.
"Very fortunate," Jan said coolly. Where ever he was going with this, it was unlikely to be something they wanted to discuss. Tony could still barely mention Steve's temporary death without flinching.
"I'm surprised you were able to get a coherent sentence out of me at that point," Tony admitted. He kept his voice light, acutely aware of Steve sitting only inches away from him. Most of the interview he'd granted Ben and Sally Floyd was a blur, and the hours after it were one long, grey blank. It had been dark when he'd come to himself again, his knees stiff from the way he'd been huddled on the floor, and his head aching dully. There had been sunlight in the room when he'd spoken to Ben and Sally, and the notation in his schedule had blocked out time for them for an hour in the afternoon, starting at four-fifteen.
Hank flushed, staring at his feet, and Jan refused to let herself feel sorry for him. "I'm the one who took all the preliminary readings on Tony's condition, and performed all the scientific tests. I thought it would... I know more about the situation than anyone else except Wanda. I thought I ought to come. You know, just in case. I'm sure we'll fix this very quickly, and then we can leave again."
The constant stream of disasters in Manhattan hadn't stopped. If anything, it seemed to be spreading — there had been a three-alarm fire in Brooklyn yesterday, apparently caused by a single dropped cigarette, and a woman in Chelsea had stabbed her husband and two dinner guests to death with a kitchen knife, before turning it on herself. Disasters, accidents, and a wave of violent crimes, all frustratingly completely beyond their ability to stop. Half the time, there wasn't even anything Steve could try to do to help.
“I can’t talk about the cloning thing right now,” he said roughly.  Or Bill, or –“  his voice cracked, and he paused, swallowing audibly.  “Look, you can come back later and we can talk things over like adults, or you can stay here, and we can scream profanity at each other.  Your choice.  I can’t do this now.”  His face twisted, and he dropped his head into his hands, his breathing harsh.
Nick gestured with his unlit cigar, the motion encompassing all of them. "I want your honest opinion. Do you think there's any chance that she's not just talkin' metaphors? That Red Skull really is still around somehow, and in contact with her?"
Steve stared down at years' worth of his own work, spread across the bed, and wasn't sure how to feel.
"What do you want, Loki?" Tony asked; his helmet amplified and flattened his voice, making it ring nearly as loudly as hers did.
"You know," Steve said, "not all of us find magic personally distasteful. Sometimes it has benefits."
Steve drew a deep breath. "I'm not going to argue with you while you're in a hospital bed. We can talk about this later." He stood up, glanced around the room. "I wonder where the doctors are. I would have thought they'd be in here by now."
"Um," said Steve, suddenly suspecting that he had, in fact, been outmaneuvered. He couldn't bring himself to mind.
She spoke softly, but the words somehow filled the air just as strongly and clearly as if she'd shouted them. They were in a language Tony had never heard; he assumed it was meant to sound threatening and eldritch, but magical incantations had always just sounded silly to him.
He never done this, before, either, and he was damned if it was something he was going to share with the rest of the team the next time they felt the urge to play a stupid drinking game.
Clint was going to be all right, at least.  He had two cracked ribs and one out-and-out broken one, and a back full of nasty bruises, but considering how hard Sin – Chthon? – had kicked him and how violently he’d hit the pavement, he’d been lucky.  They had given him a mild dose of painkillers, and when Steve had checked in on him, he’d been asleep.
Thor gave him a dismissive glance, his eyes narrowed and full of almost palpable contempt. "It seems you are skilled at choosing lesser evils."
"May I help you?" A blonde woman in a neat nurse's uniform stepped around the corner of the desk, intercepting them. She was about ten years older than Clint, but very attractive, in an efficient, well-put-together kind of way.
Tony shook his head mutely, taking a step backward. Then he turned on his heel abruptly and left the room, back stiff.
Tony shrugged, grateful for the change of subject. "I cut the connections to the monitors and inserted an artificial looped datafeed in their place. They think I'm still asleep."
"I...” Clint looked down at his hands, picking at the edge of one of the calluses on his palm. "She had amnesia. She didn't remember me, didn't even remember who she was."
It was unfair of him to doubt that, to worry that having her returned to them this way was too easy, too much of a relief, to come without a price.
Carol's ears and cheeks flushed pink. "I wouldn't go that far, but-" she broke off, then, "Give me the ice cream," she said, abruptly, grabbing for one of the abandoned bowls.
"I know this is my own fault, but I really didn't mean for it to happen." One of Tony's hands rubbed up and down Steve's back. "I won't let it be a liability for the team. I promised Wanda I'd be there if Chthon got her again, and I promised you—"
