Sam slipped his hand into a pocket, where he’d stashed the codes Novak had given him.  “I want to check that place out,” Sam admitted.  “But I know it’s probably a trap.”
I ground my teeth and pushed her hands away, taking a step back.  “Mother, did you hear yourself?  You talked about how dad adopted my brothers.  You adopted them, too!”
Castiel had just added another tie to the cart.  Now he looked at Dean in irritation.  “What is it?”
“The thing is, I’ve been looking for something more long-term,” Luc continued.  “I’ve been waiting for a boy old enough to be his own person, but young enough that I could still make a difference in his life.  Someone who needed me.  Someone like you.”
Dean had spent enough nights in Baby’s back seat to know that it wasn’t exactly a five-star hotel bed.
“Help me, Dean!”
Fingers carded through his hair.  A hand gently cupped the back of his head.  Then warm, chapped lips were against his.  “You don’t get to choose what I will do,” Cass whispered.  “You’ve done this thing for your brother, put yourself in so much danger.  Now you’re asking for my help.  It’s obvious you’re asking for him, not for yourself.  And I will help you.  But I still want you, Dean.  You talked about trusting your gut?  My heart tells me that you want me, too.  Is it wrong?”
“Alright, I know you’re angry,” Castiel called.  “But I’m not going to just let you sit in your room and sulk.  I’m coming in.”
“That’s correct.”
Castiel straightened, looking serious.  “Humanity has been told that all of the angels in Heaven follow a particular order.  We’re given ranks, from standard through platinum.  Distinct lines of command.  Everyone follows orders, and everyone is happy.  But that’s not how it really is.”
“I love how you’re ‘stolen’ instead of kidnapped! It’s like they think you’re a robot!”
“This is crazy!” Castiel exclaimed.  “He’s my bodyguard!  We’re actually going to sit here and plan to shoot my bodyguard?!”
Dean opened his mouth to protest again, but Cass squeezed his hand to silence him.  “I hurt you,” Cass said.  “I shot Rufus.  I would have shot Bobby if he was there, and as it was, my association with him is what got him killed, not you, Dean.  Yes,” he said, seeing the look on Dean’s face, “I know you well enough by now that I know where you put the blame for that.  But none of it is on you.  All of this that happened, Azazel, Lucifer, even Rooney?  It all happened because of me.  Because I was broken, brainwashed, and programmed to murder someone that I have every reason now to believe was perfectly innocent.  And I cannot excuse that.”  Pulling away from Dean, he sat back.  “I cannot just go on my way with the fear that someday, somehow, someone will trigger me again.  Dean, I don’t even know if that was the only trigger!  What if there’s more inside my head, just waiting to be unlocked?  I’m like a bomb set to explode!  And that’s why I have to stay,” he concluded.  “I need to recover, to remember who was really behind what happened to my team, and to make sure I’ll be safe to be out on the streets again.”
“You don’t believe a word I said, do you?”
“Not necessarily.  There’s one that’s capable of full integration even on a fresh wound. It has full sensation, titanium alloy skeletal structure, can be molded as either a right or left arm, and utilizes the new synthflesh that can be programmed to mimic skin markings.  If I jack directly into it, I could even program his fingerprints from the security records!”
“Good rule,” Cas called, giving Alfie a faint smile. “Because they do.  Horribly.”  He missed the incredulous look Dean gave him, but it made me frown.  I could absolutely see my Angels spoiling him.  I could see myself doing it.  Dean had raised me and wouldn’t spoil anyone, but in this room, he was very much in the minority.
“He’s also been reprimanded on multiple occasions for his tendency to speak disrespectfully to his betters.  That trait, at least, seems to still be very much present!”
Cas, I noticed, hovered close to Dean.  Even with no blade, I’d seen what a fierce fighter he was.  But he wasn’t fighting now.  He mostly just dodged, and occasionally moved to shield Dean from a flying object.  His eyes were fixed on my brother.
Dean squeezed his eyes tightly shut and clenched his fists.  His nails dug into his palms.  That helped ground him.  He breathed deeply, ignoring the pain in his ribs.  He needed to forget about his father and think of Bobby.  How many times had Bobby told him?  “Ya can’t change the past, ya idjit,” Bobby’s voice growled in his memory.  “All you can do is go forward.”
The holoprojector started up, displaying a view of the holding area. My brothers were all getting loose, which brought a cheer from Gabriel.  But my heart sank at the sight of Dean’s red eyes.
Dean straightened, looking hard at me.  “What’s wrong, Sammy?”
“I’m sorry, but we can’t let you go,” Ellen said.  “If you get your blade out, the only way we can stop you is by seriously damaging you, and we need you too much to risk that!”
“Neither one of you can go!” Cas insisted.  “The point is to keep Sammy from dying, not kill you both!”
“Maybe.  Maybe not.” Dean lay back on his pillow, frowning up at the ceiling.  “I still haven’t quite figured it all out, Cas.  But my gut tells me that there’s something more to Angeli Quinque than what I’m seeing.  There’s a bigger force at work here.  And it feels like it’s right there, right in front of my eyes, and I’m just missing it!”
“Why just me?”
“How many fingers am I holding up?”
“He’s a spy, Dean,” Benny said.  His voice was maddeningly calm.  “Nothing else makes sense.  There’s just no other reason for him to agree to all of this except to use you to get inside here.”
“What, shoot it?”
Loud bangs, the shatter of glass.  Something warm sprayed Dean’s face.  Men shouted.  Heavy bodies fell to the floor.
Thinking of Cass was like a blow to the stomach.  Lucifer, who had been leading Dean into his office, looked over in surprise when Dean suddenly stopped, wincing.  “You ok?”
“Right now, most likely,” I assured, wincing at Sammy’s response to that one. “Kind of seems that way for them both. Let the boys get it out of their systems.  Then we can talk.”
The Trickster’s frown grew more severe.  “I am perfectly aware of who I gave it to,” he snapped.  “I didn’t ask you that.  I asked you why you have it?”
Bobby smoothly moved to block my path. “Nothing.  Those shakes are pretty bad, but it seems he’s over the worst of ‘em. Leave him alone.  I was going to make us all some lunch.  Go back to work, Dean, I’ll bring you something.”
“I did,” Castiel recalled.  “My father made some sort of arrangement with Roman for you and Sam both.  But why didn’t he just take you?”
“Hold on!  Why can’t you show him yourself?  Angel, what the hell are you doing?!”
“Dean, you’re happy,” Bobby replied softly.  “That’s all I have ever wanted for you.”
“Why?  It’s my prototype!”
“Naomi, enough!”
“Do you promise?”
For the first time, the most difficult decision of his life didn’t seem that difficult after all.
“Aw, sis, you say the sweetest things.”
“Unless, he did it before he got that criminal record?” Castiel pointed out, feeling clever.  “We have no idea when, exactly, that switch happened.  Which is why we need to investigate Dean Winchester.  We know exactly where the person with Sam’s identity is.  So where’s the guy with Dean’s?”
At some point, Dean dropped into an uneasy sleep.  The driver woke him up briefly at a gas station.  Dean had gone in to use the facilities.  He’d splashed water over his face, mopped at it with a towel, and stared at his reflection in the mirror.  The wide, hollow green eyes that looked back at him were familiar.  He’d seen his eyes looking like that once before.
Charlie, he knew, would take down the website as soon as she got the message.  There would be nothing left, no way for anyone to trace anything back to her and their group.  It meant Dean could never send her another message, no matter what.  And of course, it meant that Charlie had no way of contacting him, either.  Once she’d purged every record she could reach, there was no easy way to prove that Dean wasn’t Sammy.
Bobby looked at him.  “Does he have any reason to?  Sam’s connected to you, not Castiel or any of us.  And it’s pretty obvious that Castiel’s not around.  So I don’t see what the point would be of using Sammy against you.”
Bobby cleared his throat.  “Why don’t we give Castiel a moment to collect himself?  He’s had quite a day.  Sam?”
“Of course I do.”
“Cass, I’m trying to play nice here,” Dean began.  “I really am.  But you keep giving me these little half-truths and tidbits of information, then go and shut me down when I start asking questions.  You’re seriously limiting my options here, man!  I mean, come on, what the hell do you want from me?”
Dean.  Dean had dragged a horrified Naomi out of her chair, thrown her back behind him, and shoved her towards the door.  Now he was fighting, weapon in hand, exchanging fire with what seemed like at least a dozen men.  Patrons and staff were fleeing the restaurant as bursts of phaser fire crisscrossed, blasting through tables and chairs, scoring holes in the walls and floors.  Castiel caught sight of Naomi, already on her phone, pushing her way through the crowd towards the exit.  There was no sign of the Angeli Quinque security staff that should have been outside the building in case of emergency.  What had happened?  Dean was the only one fighting.  He was being pressed hard, working his way through what cover he could find, moving closer to Castiel.
Castiel took a deep breath.  “It’s just that I’ve never had a laborer that I could bring into the executive areas before.  I wanted to do that.  With you.”  He gave Dean a wary smile.  “I wanted you to be my executive laborer.”
Dean told himself firmly.
“Oh, Dean,” the man chuckled.  “You act as though you have a choice.”
“As long as he’s willing to keep me?”  Dean frowned at Ketch.  “What does that mean?  I’m not going anywhere.  I’m staying with my brother.”
More coughing from behind the door.  Cass sounded so weak.  Dean could see smoke coming out from beneath Cass’s door.  His stomach twisted.  Dean looked around in the smoke-filled hall, frantically seeking inspiration.  He couldn’t see more than a few feet in front of him.  He stayed low, trying to utilize any available oxygen.  There wasn’t much available.  Already, his head was swimming.  Behind the door, he could no longer hear Cass coughing.  “Cass?” Dean called.  “Stay low.  I’m going to get you out of here.”
It's time to use words
At least he seemed calm enough.  Dean decided it was likely in his best interest to keep him that way.  He forced his mouth into some semblance of a smile.  “Sure.  Thank you.”
The instant his hand touched the bottle, the silver wire securing the cork snapped like an overtightened guitar string.  The end scored a cut on his finger.  Dean yelped, stuck his finger in his mouth and sucked.  Withdrawing the finger, he glared at the little cut.  “Son of a bitch!”
After what felt like forever, Cass finally announced he was going to bed.  Dean was quick to jump up, heading immediately upstairs.  He waited patiently as Cass used the bathroom, then went in and used it himself.  He paid special attention to his appearance in the mirror.  Should he shave?  He rubbed a hand over his chin, feeling the faint scratchiness of stubble.  No, he decided, that would be a bit too, well, obvious.  Now that he’d admitted he had feelings for Cass, he needed to be careful not to overdo it.  Cass might have little experience with other men.  Dean barely had any himself.  It’s not like he expected anything to happen tonight, either.  He’d talk to Cass, get him to understand that he didn’t have to go through this alone.  Dean would be with him, right by his side.  Cass would likely argue, but Dean wasn’t going anywhere.  Once Cass realized this, started to understand that Dean wanted to stay?  Well, then they could move on to bigger and better things.  Would Cass let Dean kiss him?  What it would be like, just pressing their lips together...  Dean shivered.
“Now don’t you worry.
Castiel reached up, absently rubbed at the mark. “That proves the point, unfortunately. That happened because Gabriel wasn’t there.  Now Michael has ordered that no control Angel is allowed to leave Heaven when his counterpart is undergoing a known high processor use session on the jack. Lucifer never should have been dealing with that last battle in Huis without Gabriel!  But I’m Gabriel’s control.  What happens if he goes into overload and I’m not there?”
Dick moved back to Dean.  Dean stayed as he was, on his knees between two Roman Enterprises goons with his hands cuffed in front of him.  Dean’s eyes remained on Cass, ignoring Dick as the corrupt CEO came over.  Dick brushed a hand over Dean’s hair.  “Are we having fun yet?”
“Don’t, ok?  Just don’t!” I rubbed at my face, hating the dizziness and weakness I still felt.  Then I looked at her.  “That new diagnostic jack we were working on.  You said you were going to do some work on it.  Did you?”
“Not too much,” Dean warned.  “Don’t want you throwing it up again if your stomach’s queasy.”
Castiel stared at him, barely hearing the shouts as police and armed Angeli Quinque security charged into the restaurant, Lucifer himself in full tactical gear at the front.  He saw nothing else but Dean, lying pale and still on the ground, growing farther away as Castiel was freed from the cuffs and lifted, Lucifer’s powerful arms cradling him to his chest.  Then he was taken out the door, he couldn’t see Dean anymore, and everything went black.
Dean sighed.  “They’re not going to let that happen, not while you’re still influenced by that damned jack!  That’s probably why they took Gabe, so Alfie can start repairing him.  Now will you please just come with me, talk to Charlie, and then decide for yourselves?”
Dean laughed.  “C’mon, Cas!  I know I’m the one who took your V card, but you’re going to wear me out!”
My head was spinning.  “Then... Dean was telling the truth?”
Dean takes Castiel into town to try to get help and figure out when they are
Then Castiel had vanished right in front of the eyes of his brothers, and chaos had ruled.  Gabe had instantly spotted the wireless jack in use at the cabin, we’d nearly burned out the engines getting there, and the rest was history.
The room was obviously a hospital ward.  A respirator worked rhythmically.  Feeding solution dripped into a tube.  Wires snaked around from multiple different sources.  And in the middle of it all was a young girl in her late teens.  A shock of red hair covered one side of her head, where Dean leaned down and planted a gentle kiss.  The other was an exposed computer.  There was no plate, no jack, just a mass of exposed wiring and processors.  Wires trailed from the computer nestled in her skull, leading to more computer banks that formed a partial wall around the bed. Worst of all, she appeared to have been burned.  Her withered, contracted arms were covered with recently-healed scars.  So was part of her neck and her chin.
That’s what Cass had said.  Not Sam.  Dean.
“It was then that Charles ‘Chuck’ Shurley came up with the idea that would change the world,” Naomi was saying.  “He took in a group of severely disabled children no one else wanted, because he saw their potential.  And although much has been said about the ethical considerations involved with doing this kind of highly experimental surgery on a group of anencephalic infants, no one could argue with his results.  The technology that was already widely in use to allow cybernetic apes to perform dangerous jobs was adapted for these infants, replacing the undeveloped parts of their brain with powerful computers and allowing the remainder of their brains to grow and develop naturally around them.  The result was a true hybrid of man and machine, fully integrated and molded into their specialized roles.  Their bodies were adapted to be able to process massive amounts of data.  Existing nanite technology was utilized to supplement their body’s natural cooling ability, allowing their processors to be able to function without overheating and damaging their human components.  And other specialized nanites were used to accent their nervous systems, using every neuron in their bodies to its fullest potential to expand human minds like never before.  The Angels were born, and Shurley’s new company, Heaven’s Angels, quickly became the foremost in the world.  The combined powers of our six Angels drew people together like never before.  The Angels could all but erase national boundaries. They were absolutely impartial, able to negotiate treaties, trade agreements, even cease fires as no one else could.  Technological improvements and advances were marketed for the betterment of humanity as a whole rather than profit, information was freely shared, and the eyes of the entire world were opened to Shurley’s ideas.  Within five years, world peace went from a pipe dream to a real possibility!”
His face could have been made from stone.  I couldn’t read body language like Samandriel, but I recognized the way Dean hunched his shoulders, the way he stared at me.  My mouth was suddenly dry.  I reached over and put my hand over the scanner next to him, paying his tab. He cocked an eyebrow, surprised that I finally had money of my own.  But he didn’t say a word.  All he did was look at me.
A bell went off in my head.  “Nothing else is familiar!  Shit!  That’s what’s wrong with him!  His condition, he can’t handle big changes in his life, and now absolutely nothing is familiar except me, and I scare the shit out of him!  Dammit, Bobby, he’s going to go catatonic again!”
He went quiet again, letting go of my hand and looking down.  I forced myself to put both of my hands on the wheel, ignoring the instinct to crush him to me.  By now, we’d pulled into Singer’s Salvage Yard.  I parked Baby outside of Bobby’s garage.  But neither of us made any move to go inside.
“Well, things are certainly complicated now,” Castiel agreed.  “This isn’t exactly the way I would have wanted to get out from under Roman’s thumb, but the fact is, we’re out.”  He raised his arm, displaying the control bracelet on his wrist.  “Dean said you’d be able to get his collar off.  I imagine this will help?”
With a sigh of relief, Dean pulled his angel back down the board to safety.
“Nothing is wrong with it,” Castiel corrected.  “Quite the opposite, in fact.  Before our Father left us, he’d scolded us rather soundly.  Despite what the archangels said later, and what their gold level enforcers tried to literally drill into our heads...”
“No, come inside.  We both need to get cleaned up.”  Cass reached out as if to take Dean’s arm, seemed to think better of it, and waved for Dean to follow.
This was it.  Dean glanced at Cass and got a nod.  Fine.  Full disclosure.  “I was beaten by two members of the household my first day here, Evaluator Crowley,” he began.  “This was after I was dumped on the floor in a cold room above a garage without even a blanket.”
That was like a shot of cold water to the face.  Castiel frowned, stepping back without letting go of Dean.  “I don’t understand.  That last night, before I left?  You said...”
Ketch had him by the arm and was gently steering Dean out of the room.  “A bullet proof vest will stop a bullet, but it won’t do much to spread the impact over a wide surface,” he explained.  “Nor will it stop a knife thrust.  So it’s fairly common to slice the vest in a few strategic places and insert the metal plates.  Trust me, if someone takes a shot at you, you’ll be glad for the precaution.”
“Not all of it,” Sam corrected.  “There’s a network of tunnels going out of the rim, but only for a couple of miles.  Then they come up to the surface.  Because what we didn’t know was that, once you get through the worst of the mess outside the domes, you get to the real outside air.  And that’s where those tunnels surface.  In the outside air, where the farmlands are.”
She lived up to her reputation now, only nodding at the incredible explanation.
“Victim?
Dean had been surprised, back at the Novak house, to learn just how adept the family was with weapons.  Once again, Chuck’s paranoia was coming in handy.  With the exception of Gabriel, all of his children were actually crack shots.  Dean had seen it first-hand during the fight.  Now they were going to put that expertise to good use.  Everyone was armed and wearing full tactical gear.  Dean, Cass, Benny, Luc, and Gabe were in the first truck, making their way through the tunnel.  To Dean’s amusement, Cass was grumbling quietly to himself about the poor maintenance in the tunnel.  Apparently, his lover couldn’t keep from comparing it to his own beloved network.
Then the power went out, and Castiel was standing in the darkness in the sudden silence.  He held his breath, silently counting.  One second, two, three...
Of course.  The glow from my combat optics would have been easy to see in the darkened streets during my fight with Barney and his friends.  But the rest of it made me laugh.  “Wait a minute.  You think I’m a robot?!  Whatever, get this shit off of me!”
What if Castiel was paralyzed now?
“I don’t seem like someone who could get the money together to afford a legal black-out, right?  Well, buddy, that’s why this is a secret.  Let’s just say there’s a reason I didn’t wear my pin backing when I applied for the job or mark that I was blacked out on my application, and we’ll keep it between us.”
“It was.”
“‘Heaven’s Most Adorable Angel,’” I mused.  “That’s what his fans call him.”
“Cas!  Stop, ok? Just stop!  I’m not going to hurt you.  Calm down!”
Dean hates therapy, but it's marginally better than jail.
He grunted.  “Now that I’ve seen a bit of what being with these guys has been like for you, I can see why you wouldn’t want to believe me.  They’re actually pretty awesome.”  He paused. “You call them your brothers?”
Legal stuff?  Dean fought to keep his face from betraying his anxiety as Sammy nodded, hugged Dean one more time, and then went racing down the dock.  The kid had more energy than a nuclear reactor, and Dean couldn’t help but smile.
Dean imagined himself throwing his pile directly into Naomi’s face, just to see if her fashionable pumps would fly off when she flew backwards.  Instead, he moved to walk just behind Cass and to his right.  That earned him a small nod of approval from Cass.  Dean was proud that he’d remembered.
The answer didn’t come then, nor did it appear at the bottom of his glass.
“I assumed as much,” Lucifer replied, irritated.  “I’m reasonably certain you would have mentioned it well before this if he had.  Don’t worry.  Keep shaking trees, and he’ll go there eventually.  Then we’ll have the bastard.”
Cas screamed, just as his holo did at the same time.  I looked back, saw the holographic image of him draw back for another strike, and held tight to a struggling Alfie.  “Luc, turn it off!”
Nothing like getting permission.  Dean drew back, prepared to unleash years of pain on the man responsible for so much of it.  But then he saw Castiel, standing off to the side, watching with wide, sad blue eyes.  His mind flashed back to that day, the last day he’d seen Immanuel Shirley.  Lashing out then had only made things worse.  Would it be any better this time?
“An angel in a bottle!”
“What do you mean, he’s there?”
Dean paid little attention to Rooney’s speech.  They’d gone over everything during a computer conference with Crowley the night before.  Dean had been able to discuss things more or less in private, although he had no doubt that someone somewhere was listening.  But the lawyer had assured him that, from a legal standpoint, what Rooney had in mind should go far towards clearing Castiel’s name for the assassination attempt.  Crowley was also confident that the phone call Rooney made with the infamous Bart the Fart would result in charges against Dean being dropped.  Bobby’s estate would get his beloved salvage yard, assuming he had any heirs.
“I don’t care.”  Grabbing Dean by the arm again, Bobby started marching back towards the library.  “That’s the last time you go near that angel, Dean.”
“Dean, I don’t like this!” he’d complained.
Dean’s eyes went very wide.
“Nothing... Nothing makes sense anymore,” Cass admitted.  He’d started to shake, eyes darting around as though searching for hidden enemies.  “I don’t know what’s real and what’s just in my mind.  When I woke up in the hospital, it was a lot like this.  By the time I left, I thought I was back in control.  But I’m not.  I’ve got a mission, I know that, but Rufus?  He told me it isn’t real.”
“As of now, your mission is two-fold.  It is of the utmost importance that Michael receives his vessel as quickly as possible.  But at the same time, we cannot overlook the chance to learn more about Castiel.”
Again, I am so sorry.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes.  “Up to the roof again?  Right back to old habits!”
“Your brother had a big hand in that,” Novak admitted with a sly smile.  “He, um, obtained some information about the previous owner that I was able to use to convince him to sell.”
“No chick flick moments,” Dean retorted.
“Er...”  Dean shifted.  “I, um, well, that is...”
Castiel moved closer.  “Dean?  What are you doing?”
“Sam was arrested for violent crimes.”  Naturally, Gabriel would choose now to speak up.  “I looked him up.  He’s been in trouble with the law before for drug offenses, but they were always minor.  All he had was some fines and probation.  But this last one was apparently a doozy.  Sam Winchester’s conviction was in relation to a list of drug-related offenses a mile long, assault, robbery, tons of property damage.  He was arrested after he went on a drug-fueled rampage through one of the lower districts.  Along with damaging thousands of dollars in property, he also hospitalized six people with minor injuries.”
“You could take me with you?”
You thank me for saving you even as you question why I did it.”
“Is that why he smelled like smoke?  I wondered about that.”
“Well, congratulations!  Now, let me explain a few things.  It’s pretty damned obvious you two aren’t from around here.  I haven’t quite figured you out, but I get the impression you’re in some sort of trouble.  Why isn’t my business.  Now, I like to flatter myself that I have a fairly good instinct for people.  My gut tells me you two need help, and that you’re decent enough sorts that I won’t have to worry about you cracking me over the head and robbing me blind.  That true?”
“Not gonna poke too much in your business, Dean. But if you need an ear, I got two good ones.”  And that was it.  He headed down the stairs without another word.
“Of course it is!  It’s been so long since I could work to capacity and I’ve got so many ideas!  Dean, let go of me.  Samandriel, I’m a year ahead!  I can do so much, make so many improvements...”
“Your babysitter,” Raphael agreed.  “We call them bodyguards and they do actually serve that purpose, but let’s face facts, Cas.  You’re brilliant, that’s undeniable, but you completely lack the ability to care for yourself.  You wander off constantly, you forget to eat or sleep or exercise, and you’d never leave your lab if we didn’t lock you out periodically!”
The man, Winchester, apparently, came over to the desk.  Castiel watched his shoes approach.  Then the knees came down to the floor, followed by the hands, and a set of green eyes were looking at him.  “Um, hi?” Winchester called.  “Listen, I’m sorry about all that.  I, um, had no idea you were there.  I hope I didn’t offend you too much?”
By the time you were brought into the hospital, you needed two units of blood.”
“Two days.”  Lucifer spread his hands.  “I’m afraid, given the circumstances, it’s the best I can give you.”
He had a spring in his step when he walked back around the house.  His eyes immediately went to the garage, but the door was closed.  He’d been so lost in his thoughts he hadn’t registered the sound of it closing.  Movement in the window of the apartment revealed Dean’s location.  Well, Castiel reasoned, if Dean could make it up the steps to his apartment, he wasn’t hurt that badly.
“They’ll never trust your family, especially not your father!” Dean protested.  “Cass, they kept you locked up for how long, and they didn’t even know who you really were.  What makes you think...?”
Castiel promised.
This time, Dean couldn’t keep from laughing.
The worst thing was the back wall.  Painted on it in huge, slashing black letters were the words “WHO DO YOU BELONG TO?”
“Oh,” Dean replied, trying to keep his voice steady.
This will be the last update for a few days while we spend the Thanksgiving holiday with our families.  Happy Thanksgiving!
“So you can take me to Purgatory?”  Even behind the sunglasses, those blue eyes were pleading with me.  “Dean, please, don’t do this!  Don’t steal me, just take me back to Heaven!”
At the word “casualties,” Gabriel whimpered.  Naomi reached over and squeezed his hand.  “Not Cassie,” she assured.  “He’ll be fine.  He would have been locked up somewhere, away from the fighting.”
Dean scurried to a position just behind Castiel.  Not a moment too soon.  Naomi and Hael flew into the room and stood facing Castiel.  Castiel raised his blade in warning.  Hael quickly drew her blade, but Naomi only laughed. “Really, Castiel?  You really think you can fight us, you and four copper-level angels?  As we speak, Uriel and Balthazar are capturing your angels outside.  Two silver level angels, a copper level, and myself against you and four copper levels?  You don’t stand a chance.”
“I know.”
“That, plus you’re the best investigator I’ve ever met,” Cass offered.  “Do you still talk to Bobby?”
“Maybe.”  Gabriel looked unconvinced.  “Something is fishy here, Cassie.  And I’ll tell you what.  I’m going to get to the bottom of it.  Tomorrow I have to go on that stupid trip anyway.  I’ll make some calls while I’m out there, see what I can find out.”
He needs pain medicine, too, so I’ll…
Azazel was up, shouting and firing his pistol through the broken window at someone outside.  The sound of it was deafening in the room.  There was a sharp snap of return fire and Azazel jerked once.  More shots resulted in sprays of blood from Azazel’s body as he jerked, twitching and staggering, his pistol falling from his hand.  Then a bloody hole appeared in his forehead, and the demon in human form toppled backwards to the ground.
“Nice, Novak.”
“I’m glad you agree.  Castiel, are you still certain you can do what you said you could?”
Bobby and Rufus explain things to Dean
Creeping forward, Castiel approached the car.  In the warm weather, Alistair’s choices were to roll down his windows and brave the mosquitos, or leave them up and deal with the heat.  Alistair had chosen the former.  All four windows on the cruiser were rolled down.  It was nothing to put his weapon through the window to press against the startled officer’s head.  “Do exactly as I say or you’re a dead man,” Castiel growled.  “Take your weapon and drop it outside the car.  Do it!”
Would he ever?
Angel frowned.  “Your brother is still very much alive.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.  All it means is that you’re under my control, just like your brother.  And you need to be, Dean.  Your ability to make decisions for yourself is dangerously flawed, so much that you allowed yourself to be taken by a mentally unstable individual who’d already shot his own partner and believed he had a mission to assassinate a United States Senator.  That is not someone I can have around my son.”
We hurried around the corner, where I stopped, blinking in confusion at the waiting vehicles and men.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him.  “Do I have permission to ask a question, Master?”
“Already doing that.  I was just waiting for you.”  I quickly moved Castiel back into normal sleep and gently disentangled myself from him.  Then I leaned over and kissed his plate.  “Rest well, brother.  Raphael?”
Bartholomew rolled his eyes.  “Let’s just get going.”
“Yes ma’am!”  I put my hand on the new scanner.
“Don’t I have the right?”  He slowed, finally stopped, and turned to me.  “Twice I risked everything for you.  Twice I was ready to die for you.  Twice I saved you, Castiel, and twice you betrayed me!  I’m only a man, alright?  I’m not capable of infinite forgiveness!”
Castiel felt calmer and more centered than he’d felt since the day he’d made the decision to leave Dean behind.  Looking back, he had no idea what he’d been thinking.  Leaving Dean alone and unprotected had been absurd.  Dean was kind to say otherwise, but Castiel knew his foolish decision had resulted in Dean’s capture and the death of his friend.
What if there was a reason for that?
Dean clamped a hand over Cass’s mouth, cheeks flaming.  “Um, how about you don’t talk about that, like ever again?” he pleaded.  “Once we’re home and alone, I can tell you whatever you want to know.”
I grimaced at my brother’s complete lack of empathy.
“We will find a way,” Castiel insisted.  “All three of us.  Because I will get you out.  I’ve got it all planned.”
“That’s the problem.”
“Have you met Gabriel?”
“It is.  We’re here, so Cas, will you go with Sammy and find Alfie?  I really need to find Raph.”
Afterwards, Castiel expected to be ordered to help Dean clean up.  Instead, Roman got up, made a show of stretching the kinks out of his back, and then caught Dean by the arm.  “Castiel, come here so I can uncuff you.  You can clean up by yourself.  Gentlemen, I know you’re not supposed to exercise after a meal, but I think, tonight, I’ll be making an exception.”  He winked leeringly at Dean, smiling as his men cheered and catcalled.
“Won’t hurt to try, will it?”
“I’m happy to cover it, if that’s what he wants. After tonight, he’s earned the best that money can buy!  But that’s still his weapons arm.  None of the prosthetics currently on the market will give him the steadiness of aim he needs.”  Raphael sighed.  “If he gets a cybernetic, I’m sure Lucifer will let him continue to work security here at Angeli Quinque, but it won’t be what he did before.  He won’t be able to qualify for the most secure areas, only basic security.  And from what little I know of Winchester?  That’s not something he’d be satisfied with.”
Dean stopped breathing.
“Dean, listen to me!” Cass hissed.  “The weapon he gave me was already nearly empty because he used it to shoot the Secret Service guards.  This one, I’ll be emptying in minutes.  I don’t have any extra ammo, but he does.  I cannot outshoot him.  The only thing I can do is keep him here while you get away.”
Sneaking closer, Castiel stepped carefully into the burnt-out shell of the cabin.  It was clear the building was a total loss.  That caused him an unexpected moment of pain.  He’d had a lot of good memories in this cabin, from when he’d been young.  The few times he’d run away from his uncle, he’d attempted to come here.  The first time had been a success.  The second, not so much.  How ironic that he was running again, and this time, the cabin was no longer an option.
“Your laborer is ready.  He’s still sedated, I’m afraid.  You can wait until he’s more alert?”
“You have worn the same pair of underwear for entirely too long,” Dean declared.  “And frankly, you could do with a change.  In the places we’ll be staying, you kind of stand out.  Plus, a description of you in that outfit has been all over the internet.  Frankly, it doesn’t look quite right on you anyway.”
“Hmm?” came a sleepy voice from behind him.  The fingers threaded through Castiel’s own twitched, opened to press against Castiel’s chest and pull him back a little. The bed shifted a bit as weight moved behind him, shifting up to an elbow to peer out the window.  “Son of a bitch!  Looks like our vacation’s over.”
“I’ll keep him out of trouble,” Bobby promised.  “C’mon, Dean.  If you’re determined to try this harebrained scheme of yours, we may as well get it over with.”
You two make a very cute couple, but you can’t just…”
“Wait!”
Castiel frowned.  “What does that mean?”
At least Jeff had taken good care of the car.  He’d obviously been driving it, though.  Castiel took a moment to dump anything that wasn’t part of the car out into a messy pile in the garage.  Jeff could clean it up himself later.  Right now, Castiel just wanted to be far away.  He hit the button to open the garage door, tossed his bag back into the back seat, got behind the wheel and started the car.  As he pulled away from the curb, he finally realized the obvious - he had nowhere to go.  He was an only child.  Both parents were gone.  He had no living relatives.  Now he didn’t even have a house to go home to.  He didn’t even have any money.  His pay from the Army would have gone into the joint account he’d shared with Amelia, but she’d closed it down.  Where had his pay gone?  Wherever it was, he had no way to access it.  The military lawyers would help him, but was it even worth it?  Why fight, when he had nothing worth fighting for?
“Of course it’s true!” the angel exclaimed.  “Every word of that is true.  Through candidacy, humans are selected to be lifelong partners with angels.  Together, they rule the planet.  That’s why it’s such an honor!”
Once again, everyone was staring at Dean.
“What?”  Castiel stared at the control bracelet on his wrist.  His eyes moved to Dean’s collar.  Pulling his arm free from Dean’s grip, Castiel placed his fingers where the sensors were.  “Authorization Castiel Novak.  Release control bracelet.”
“I’m sure.  Thank you for your concern.  I’ll be in touch.”
If they investigated the man holding Dean’s identity, and that man did turn out to be the real Sam Winchester?  Sam was a bounty hunter by trade.  He would have the means to do a deeper search than most.  And if he was at risk of the deception being found out, of having his good name dragged down to the point where he himself possibly faced conviction?  Castiel had little doubt that Sam would use every resource at his disposal to find out who was behind the probe.  Sam, Castiel was sure, would have far less available to him than an official investigator with government access.  But Sam had one advantage - he’d known Immanuel Shurley.
Bobby and Ellen had already helped the Winchester brothers to their feet.  Castiel, assisted by Balthazar, started towards them.  But Ruby suddenly darted forward.  She grabbed Sam by the arm, her unnatural strength dragging him back away from Ellen and Bobby.  “My Lord Lucifer!” she shrieked.  “I will hold your vessel for re-marking, but beware!  Crowley and his demons plot against you!”
“Dean, why?” Cole asked.
Lucifer was scowling when he came in.  “These performance evaluations are a bitch and a half!” he complained.  “I’m only halfway done!  Who has time for this shit?!  Cas, where are you on yours?”
“Probably deserved it,” Bobby had declared.  “Knowing Castiel, it’s not likely that particular officer of the law will want to chance going after you for a while.  But that kind of complicates things with the rest of the force.  His buddies might be looking for revenge if they have any idea who was behind it.”
Ellen, it seemed, was determined to disapprove of everything he did.  “Take your shoes off in the house.  Don’t be tracking mud on my clean floors.  Don’t speak unless you’re spoken to, unless you have a question.  Then ask first if you can ask the question.  The masters and mistress are very busy, important people who don’t want bothered by laborers.”
The smell of the food made my stomach rumble. “I’m hungry, Dean,” Cas said quietly next to me.
I heard a gasp, a surprised laugh.  I didn’t know who it was.  I didn’t care.  All I saw was Gabe.  He’d let go of my hand in favor of wrapping both of his arms around my neck, leaning against my chest.  I held him close, one hand in his hair, leaning down to press my lips to his plate.
“No.  I’m not.  This was an accident, and my own fault for putting that mug there in the first place.”  Castiel smiled at Dean.  “Thank you for trying to help.”
“Yeah.”  Rufus sounded strange.  “You take care, Bobby.  I’ll contact you again when I have news.”
As the day Sam died grows nearer, discussions center on how to save him.  Gabe finds something interesting in Castiel's memories.
Nicholas scoffed.  “What, are you going to torture the guy?”
“Oh, c’mon, Dean, that was hilarious!  You were all up and down those rows like a lovesick puppy, all ‘Cas! Cas!  Where are you, angel?’  It was adorable!”
I smiled.  Dean never changed.  “Fine,” I said.  “What’s the third thing?”
Dean sat back, took a deep breath and let it out in a long sigh.  “Seriously, Bart, is there something you need?  A good swift kick in the ass, maybe?”
“Judging by the reactions I’ve just witnessed, that might be the safest option.”
“Who’s the bigger idiot?  The idiot, or the handsome, overly-tall broad-shouldered long-haired idiot who fell hopelessly in love with him?”
“Trust you?”  Castiel was afraid to move.  Once more, the wind gusted around them and Dean, still leaning forward, swayed as it buffeted him.  Somehow, he kept his balance, kept holding Castiel as he dangled in space.  “I trust you, Dean!” he cried, terrified.  “I do, I trust you!  Please, help me, don’t let me fall!”
I could feel him responding to me.  His hands clung to my arms around him, his breathing eased out in time with mine.  I could feel him shaking.  My angel was already jittery, starting to feel the effects of being off the jack. No wonder he wanted to go home so badly. But of course, in this time, the Angel jacks didn’t exist yet.  Now he had no choice but to detox!  Good. The knowledge that Cas would never go on a jack again made me smile.  We were trapped in a time long before either one of us was born.  No one would come looking for Cas because it was decades before the Angels were even created.  And for the first time in my life, it seemed my status as a veteran was actually an advantage!  Overall, I considered us to be in far better shape than I’d anticipated when I’d first made that jump.
Roman’s eyebrows shot up.  “Well!  That’s very noble of you, Sammy.  I’ll tell you what.  Castiel is a good man, but I’m aware some of his siblings are, well, let’s just say they’re not nearly as noble as you are.”
Cass looked away.  “I’d still prefer to be let out.”
The speaker was an older woman, another blonde.  She was either a mother or had mothering instincts because her hand was moving out to stroke my hair, the other resting gently on my chest, and she didn’t seem aware of either one until I snarled and shook my head. “Don’t touch me!”
So why the hell did he feel good about it?
“I think he’s in jail right now anyway, so it’s pretty obvious to anyone who looks that he wasn’t here.
“You won’t hear me complaining!  Morning sex beats breakfast most days anyway.  We’ll stop for an early lunch on the drive home, ok?”
When Ellen Harvelle arrived, Dean was delighted to see her.  He blurted out the whole story, omitting only the truth about Cass.  Ellen listened, troubled.  She was sympathetic enough, agreeing to help.  But for some reason, she refused to visit with Cass.
“Kill him?” Dick scoffed, releasing Cass.  “Please!  He’s too pretty to kill.  You both are!  You’re worth much more to me alive.”
“We know, Luc, now shut up and let him talk!”
“And that was precisely the idea,” Ketch declared.  “While Mr. Singer here is no doubt still upset at me for putting you at risk...”
“I’ve got my trench coat.  But I can’t talk about this anymore, and you don’t need me now anyway. It’s obvious my opinion isn’t required or welcomed.  So please excuse me.”
“I know.”  Castiel shifted uncomfortably.  “We’ll do what we can for him.”
Except, in Dean’s experience, there was no such thing as coincidence.
“Um, what?”
Dean looked hard at him.  “Naomi says that?  That if you walk out into the street you’ll be stolen?  She actually said that?  Does she know how scared you are of being stolen?!”  When Castiel nodded, Dean sighed.  “Holy shit, no wonder you’re such a mess!  Listen, Cas.  You can’t live like this, ok?  It’s like you spend every waking moment terrified someone’s going to come along and take you away!”
“It’s a start!”  Uriel took his friend by the arm and quickly led him out.  “You need to get down there and start searching right away.  I’m going to have to go back and talk to that tracker, make sure she keeps her mouth shut about this.  Then I’ll do what I can to stall things, just like we talked about.  But you need to find your candidate, and fast!”
Another gust of wind, this one stronger than before. It pounded against them, forcing Dean to shift slightly to keep his balance.  The movement made Castiel’s feet slip off the tiny rounded edge of the gargoyle’s face.  He cried out in terror and dangled in space for a moment.  “Dean!  Please help me!”
“Wrong question to ask.  First thing we need to discuss is what you’ll do.  And what you’ll do, Cas, is resist.”  His eyes were serious as he looked at Castiel.  “Remember that wherever they’re taking you will be worse than where you are, so don’t cooperate unless you have no choice.  Do whatever you can to keep them from taking you. You got that big nasty Angel blade, so use it!”
“You need to rest.”  Already, Dean was shutting off the antigrav belt.  The glowing icons around Castiel winked out as the disconnection protocols went into effect.  Now Dean was gently pulling the jack from his plate.  “It’s ok.  You’re allowed to break down.”
Angelo had moved up to join Lucifer.  “Tell me.”
“I’ve got you!”
“I’ll be expected to what now?!  Dude!  I don’t know anything about...  Ok, stop.  Ca...  Master, please, would you please just stop for one freaking minute?!”
“Video games,” Sam decided, glad Luc wasn’t upset.  “And you’ll tell me right away, right?  When the detective calls with any news about my brother?”
Dean had gone very still.  “And the best way to change that is to kill you?  That’s why it, isn’t it?” he continued when the angel looked down.  “That’s why you let me take you.  I busted you up, you can’t take me to Michael until you heal, and every day that goes by, Michael gets more embarrassed.  He won’t wait.  He’ll just kill you and send some other angel to collect me for him instead!”
“Just do what you can, Dean,” he urged, looking me in the eyes again.  “That’s all I ask.  Please, save them!”
“Good, because your name’s a mouthful.  Who the hell names their kid ‘Castiel?’  Why don’t you just go with ‘Cass?’”
The harshness of Sam’s tone made the welcoming smile fade.  The light dimmed in Novak’s eyes as he lowered them, nodded, and sat back down on the bed.  “I’m not here to spy on anyone, Sam.”
Purgatory was under siege.  Lucifer’s men refused to believe he was gone.  They had an armed stand-off with the Coast Guard and police that lasted half the day while Dean waited anxiously, glued to the television, for any sign of Sam.
“Only if I don’t kill him first.”  They kissed again.  “We can do this, alright?  We can get through whatever they throw at us.  As long as I know you can deal with it?”
“But there is!” Meg called quickly as Uriel smiled and turned to her.  “Like I told the Ice Queen there, Crowley has no intention of killing the cute little angel.  Because if he did that, well, then you could just assign another collector to pick up Michael’s new toy, right?”
Someone like Sam and Dean Winchester.
“Holy shit, Cas!” Dean yelped when Castiel tore savagely at his shirt.  “How the hell am I going to explain that?!”
“Too much,” Raphael grumbled.  “Especially when it came to our Lead Researcher!”
Dean pulled desperately on his arm.  “Angel, come on!” he pleaded.  “Please, I know you’re hurt, but you’ve got to get up.  You can do it!”
“This just came out before Bobby called this meeting,” Charlie said.  “So I’m betting no one else heard it yet. It’s on all the network news channels.  They’re all saying that CLaIM is in a crisis, that we’re being torn apart by infighting.  We’ve got news anchors breaking into programs as we speak, telling everyone that our ‘terrorist’ group is tearing itself apart over this.  They say those who want to ransom Immanuel Shurley are fighting with those who want to kill him as an example.  Is that what’s going to happen now?”  Charlie glared defiantly at the group.  “Are we going to make that false news reality?”
Cass gave Dean’s hand a squeeze.  “If you want to stay here, Dean?  Then you stay.  Bobby’s a good man.  I can’t think of a better person to help you.”
Dean felt cold.  No, he felt numb.  No, not numb.  He wished he felt numb.  If he felt numb, maybe it wouldn’t hurt so much.
“You don’t trust me.”  Dean’s voice sounded hurt.  “You think I’m going to let you fall!”
“I miss you.  I never stopped loving you.  But I have to know, why didn’t you just tell me what you were going to do?  You knew I wasn’t corrupted, and I would have believed you.  So why did you steal me, terrify me like you did?”
Castiel’s head was starting to ache.  He let Dean go and moved back.  “What’s wrong?  You found someone else?”
“I just…
Unfortunately, shortly after the bus pulled out of the station, the angel apparently felt he’d been silent long enough.  “The woman in front of us has made some poor choices for hygiene,” he announced, breaking into Dean’s thoughts.  “She should perhaps use more soap and less perfume.”
She smiled.  “A woman can dream!”
“Alright, Luc.”  Sammy was anything but stupid.  His expression was solemn as he looked again at Dean.  “Dean?  Be careful.”
Not even an hour later, a new group of bodyguards arrived to take over security for the Novaks.  Castiel hadn’t liked them from the start.  The original bodyguards had been strong, hard, yet sympathetic.  These were loyal only to Roman Enterprises.  They tolerated no changes to schedule and bullied the family relentlessly, keeping everyone on a precise time table.
“What, you need your cars worked on?”
“Yes.”
“Cass, what’s going on?” Dean asked, climbing back up front.
“So why’d you do it?”
His patience was being strained, but it was never a good idea to piss off Benny.
“Appreciate that,” Dean grunted.  “I’d rather not get zapped just because you got in an elevator.”
Lucifer snorted, handing Crowley’s chain to Meg, who quickly moved away with him.  “Says the archangel who couldn’t keep control over his own angels.”
Bobby eyed him.  “My radio?”
Dean felt sick.  “He was molesting her.”
“The boy’s right,” Gordon called.  “If you torture an angel, you create quite a mess.  Things like burning bushes, microbursts, that sort of thing.”
“Shock one.”
Dean fidgeted.
A sharp blow to the teen’s solar plexus drove the air out of him.  Dean grunted and doubled over, looking up at Castiel in shock.  Castiel landed an expert hit to Dean’s jaw, and the teen crumpled to the ground.
Dean sipped more of the tea.  He looked up, seeing her watching him in concern.  “You called Cass?”
“You’re right,” Dean realized.  “That doesn’t make sense.  So why’d he do it?”
“Wait, what’s going on?” Dean demanded.  “Bobby!”
“Dammit, Sammy, would you calm down?!” Dean exclaimed.  “Guys, all of you, please, calm down!  No one is going to hurt any of you, I swear it!”
“Same thing you do when you come up here, Cas. Thinking.”
“When?!”
Castiel couldn’t answer.  Dean reached over and laced his fingers through Castiel’s.  His eyes flickered around the room, taking in the boxes of belongings that were stacked neatly along one wall.  “You’re moving?”
“It was an explosion, her parents’ house,” Dean explained, indicating the scarring.  “I had no idea who’d done it at first, but now I’m sure it was Bartholomew.  Killed her parents.  She would have died if Benny hadn’t run through the flames and saved her.  He got burned pretty bad himself, which is why he always wears long sleeves.”
“Dean Winchester, you have managed to avoid the forces of both Heaven and Hell for how long now?” Cass pointed out.  “At this point, I don’t know that there’s a lock that can keep you in.  You constantly fight to be free.  It’s precisely what started all of this in the first place!  And as much as that draws me to you, it’s also the reason I don’t dare let you out of my sight.”
“I told you, I have already had a very bad day.  Tell me whatever it is you have to tell me.”
“You don’t get to make that choice for me!” Dean snarled, pushing at Castiel.
Castiel didn’t respond.
Well, that wasn’t an answer.  He couldn’t understand what was wrong, why that feeling had gone away.  Maybe it was the actual kiss?  If Dean would just let himself be kissed, perhaps the joining would happen again?  But Dean was still fighting, keeping his face turned away.  Frowning, Castiel caught Dean’s short hair, used it to hold him still and pressed their mouths together.
Castiel quickly jogged back to his car, to the envelope he’d already prepared.  Dropping the phone into the envelope, Castiel sealed it and drove to the next town.  There, he dropped the envelope into a blue mailbox.  Next, he pulled out another phone, a pre-paid burner he’d purchased earlier that day and called 911.  “There’s someone lying on the ground next to a cop car,” he told the operator.  He named the street, hung up, tossed the phone into a trash container, and went on his way.
The two didn’t speak on the drive back.  After a while, Dean turned on the radio.  At one point he sang along to the music, but stopped and blushed when he noticed Castiel smiling at him.  Too bad.  Dean had a decent voice, but apparently, he was shy about using it.
“Alright.”
“Dean is a wonderful bodyguard!” Castiel exclaimed.  “What he did was unacceptable, but he was only trying to perform his job!  If Lucifer’s going to insist we punish him in some way, then give him a written reprimand and put him on probation!”
Dean let out a long sigh that made his lips flap.  He pushed Castiel back so he was leaning back against the bench. Then Dean leaned back himself.  He tilted his head so his face was towards the sky.  “Relax, Cas. That’s what you need.  Just rest against the bench and feel the sun on your face.”
“Yes, Dean!  I read your file when I accepted you as my bodyguard, I know exactly what you are. And I invented Chimera!  I know precisely what it means!”
Two days later, Dr. Tran dropped me off at Bobby’s place.  I’d called ahead, and Bobby was waiting with what was very obviously a shotgun just inside the door when I stepped out of Tran’s car.  Cas pushed dangerously past him and came running out to greet me, throwing himself into my arms.  “Dean!  Where have you been?  I thought something had happened to you!”
“Great.”  Castiel couldn’t read Dean’s expression as he pulled into the ramp of the building’s garage.  But Dean definitely looked threatening when he got out and confronted the valet.  “You put one scratch on this car, and I’ll have your ass.”
“Well, you clearly have him beat in the hair department.  Look at those luscious locks!”
The blade flashed forward, Lucifer’s enhanced strength and speed driving it directly towards Dean’s head.  Dean barely managed to move out of the way. The blade drove into the reinforced metal security barrier where Dean’s head had just been and sank two inches deep into the metal.  Dean stepped back quickly, warily watching Lucifer.  Castiel saw his hand move towards his weapon and gasped.  “No, Dean!  Don’t shoot him!”
Rufus pointed accusingly at Dean.  “This moron here was yelling and screaming like a damned fool, and Castiel went right out!”
“No.  Calm down.”
Dean scrutinized his toes as they curled into the carpeting.  “You don’t have to be,” he offered.  “I mean, yeah, kidnapping me, locking me up, those stupid sex cuffs?  All that really, really sucked.  I’m glad we’re past that, believe me.  But I know you were genuinely trying to help me.”
Dean grimaced.  “I’m sorry.  After what happened to you in that house?  I should have realized it would be hard for you to come in contact with anything associated with it.  No wonder you’re so uncomfortable with me.”
“You got hurt saving me.”
“After what Naomi did to him yesterday?  She ‘tested’ her remote on a level three shock!  Now he knows just how badly I can hurt him.  He’s terrified, Gabriel!  I should have realized that last night.  You know I caught him heading out to the garage in the middle of the night?  Dad and I put him into the spare bedroom last night, in the bed I’d had set up for Sam.  Now here Dean was, trying to sneak out of it.  And I couldn’t figure out why.  Now I do.  He’s afraid to be near me, Gabriel.  Lucifer made his stupid comments about me.  He must have said something to Dean, too.  Because now Dean clearly thinks I want to turn him into some sort of sex slave, he’s terrified I’ll shock him if he makes even the slightest mistake, and it’s all going to come crashing down!”
Dean blinked.  “Ok, that was surprisingly easy!”
Novak hung his head.  “It was wrong.  I shouldn’t have done it.  I was selfish and arrogant, and because of it, I put Dean in danger.”
“You’re right.”  Cass picked up a piece of toast and dipped it into some egg yolk.
Who could look into those big blue eyes and refuse? I grimaced, and nodded.  “I’ll do as much as I can to save them, Cas.  I promise.”
Winchester was screaming blasphemous things at him as the angel calmly tried to reason with the candidate.  “You’re a platinum level candidate,” the angel had reminded, dodging to avoid the fist that the candidate had just swung at him.  “You’re the chosen of our top archangel.  Michael is the ruler of all of Heaven, and he’s chosen you to be his vessel.  It’s a huge honor!  Stop this foolish behavior.  You should rejoice!”
His heart was pounding.  Dean Winchester, he knew, was capable of extreme levels of violence.  What he’d done in the restaurant was proof enough of that!  But even when Dean had pressed his weapon into Castiel’s side today and forced him outside, Castiel just couldn’t believe that Dean really intended to hurt him.  Whatever wiring had gone wrong in Dean’s head, Castiel knew that Dean cared about him. What would have happened if Dean had succeeded, had managed to take him away?  What was this “proof” of a non-existent relationship that he claimed to have?  And what would have happened when that “proof” was debunked, and Dean was forced to face the fact that there never had been any sort of personal relationship between them other than that of a bodyguard and his client?
They both headed to meet up with Bobby in the library. After getting settle in to start research, Dean could feel his brother staring at him for the fifth time in the last thirty five minutes from across the table, "What?" Dean exasperated.
“This conversation is over. You are dismissed.”
Dean paced around in a small circle, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sam felt bad for putting Dean in this situation, "Dean?"
Sam shook Dean and received no response. He exited the driver's side of the vehicle and over to the passenger side to open the door. He pulled Dean's legs out of the car and caught him before he fell out of the vehicle. He tapped the side of Dean's face to get him to come to and he did but was very spacey. He hoisted him out of the car and together they walked to the bunker door.
“I saw someone.” Dean stated out of breath.
Sam nodded his head.
He was going to see if he could get a hold of Castiel because he had questions that needed answers especially now. Bobby watched Dean pace back and forth in the front yard from inside the house.
I do not own Supernatural or the character's of the show.
“We have seen this before. We just don’t know what it means.” Replied Sam.
She nodded her head, “Your questions will be answered in due time but not by me. In the meantime, I think the least I can do is put you up in better accommodations.” Once again, the multicolored walls disappeared and he now seemed to be standing in what looked like Bobby’s house. He ran around the place as fast as he could looking for anyone. It wasn’t until he noticed the living room had a singular multicolored wall like in the cosmic veil. That he knew he was in the same place and Orandriel just changed the scenery.
Sam sat there in contemplation for a bit before he stated, “It seems logical.”
“Did the sigils suffice?” Clearan asked while taking a sip from his glass
"Where did you get the book, Cas?" Dean kept his eyes staring at the ground in front of him.
He entered to find Dean making lunch. There was enough food to feed about ten people and Sam made his brother quite aware to this fact, “think you’ve made enough food?”
The look on Dean's face was a sort of confused sadness, which perplexed Cas, after all this is new territory for him. As an angel, he did witness things like this all the time when he observed humans. But this experience was different, maybe because he had a connection to this baby. The observations he had of humans, before he met the Winchester brothers, were mainly out of curiosity and to learn human nature to blend in.
Dean’s eyes flew open as he looked down to his abdomen then he waited again. This time Dean gasped and looked at his brother with terror on his face.
“Dean?” Sam looked at his brother with surprise. A thought occurred to Dean, maybe it was Castiel trying to reach out to him.
As they arrived and before Bobby even through the car into park, he grabbed the book from him receiving a response, “What the hell, Bobby?”
Thank you for reading.
Comments and Kudos are appreciated.
He glanced behind him to see Dean looking over his shoulder. Could Dean feel him in the room? he thought to himself. He watched as his hunter laid his head back down on the pillow. Cas wanted to test something so he pulled himself up on the bed closer to Dean. He was now spooning Dean, Cas hovered his right hand above Dean's right shoulder before it made full contact. He waited to see if it caused a reaction from Dean but he received nothing. With his hand in full contact of Dean's body, Cas moved it down until it was resting on Dean's hip.
Dean charged towards him but disappeared before he reached him.
Sam got off the phone with Jody, "Well, it looks like Drakkoons are at it again. Jody reported more sigils in Sioux Falls."
"I'm gonna look around."
*********************************************************************
“A town in Iowa is having problems with their livestock. Get this, farmers have been complaining of their livestock missing only for them to return to the farm few days later completely gutted.”
“I know of a weapon that can destroy Drakkoon Demons.” Orandriel stated as she waved her hand to transport them to place that looked like a library. There were piles of books and pieces of paper everywhere as well as charts and maps on the walls.
Dean's voice was breathy, "Cas." He waited for a response from his angel. Instead felt the movement of a circular motion on his stomach by a phantom hand. Then another whisper in his ear, "I'll do my very best to help."
Dean reacted to the feeling he let out a content sigh. Cas moved his hand once more but in the opposite direction and back down to his hunter's hip. He was caught off guard when Dean grabbed his hand and moved it, so it was now resting on his round abdomen. Cas made a mental note to thank Orandriel for this moment they were sharing.
Dean looked at Bobby, in a way that said Micka deserved what he got, in regards to his question.
Sam smiled and nodded at his brother.
“Yeah. Anything?’ replied Sam.
“No because you’re my brother and I want to help. ”
"I died. What more do you want me to say?”
Dean and Sam decided to causally reach out to other hunters to see how bad the rumors had spread about Drakkoons. They wanted to see if they needed to worry about hunters seeking out the demons. After a few hours of calling hunters, it didn't seem like there was a need for worry at this point. All the hunters seem to have the same information and nobody's stories were to far off from one another. The majority said that there was talk about new demons called Drakkoons and they were attacking other supernatural beings.
Sam watched as his brother frantically looked around the library. He gawked his older brother trying to understand what was happening, “What’s going on, Dean?”
Sam was starting to get nervous that Dean might retreat back to his room with all of Bobby's pushing.
"Sam, you want to slow down for a second and clue me."
"What are we gonna do, Cas?"
*Update*: I decided to make the phone conversation between Jody and Sam a little easier to follow. (1/4/2020)
Sam was going to respond when a book disappeared off the table to be replaced by a black feather, "Cas?" He held up the feather.
Bobby could see the fear on Dean’s face, “It seems like Sam might have a solid theory.”
Castiel stood there, his head spinning trying to take everything in. For the first time since all of this, things were now starting to make sense and he could not believe his conclusion. He would need to check with Dean for confirmation. He just hoped that Dean would be able to provide it.
Sam picked it up, "No way." He looked over at Dean and Bobby with a smile on his face. They looked confused at his excitement until he turned the book around for them to read the cover. The title loosely translated as,
Bobby took a swig of his beer as he sat down and opened another book.
Dean returned his gaze to the ground. He could feel emotion welling up inside him and didn't want Cas to know but unfortunately it slipped out when he tried to laugh off Cas' request.
As he arrived he saw the mountain of various food items on the table. His little brother made bacon, sausage, pancakes, eggs, a fruit salad, french toast, quiche, and toast. Dean took in the sight of food with great pleasure and loaded everything on his plate. Sam and Bobby, of course, help themselves though not as indulgently as Dean. He went back for seconds but this time, it was mainly bacon and sausage. They watched him as he moaned in pleasure with each bite he took.
Dean wiped his mouth, threw his napkin on the table, stood up, and walked away, “Keep the damn sandwich.”
“Really? When?” She inquired after taking a bite.
Feeling awful for the way he acted, Bobby walked Dean’s sandwich back to his room laid it down on the floor, knocked on the door and walked away.
He yelled in frustration and anger as he threw his blade across the veil. He fell to his knees and placed his head in his hands trying to get a hold of himself.  A million thoughts went through his head and none were good. All he wanted was to be with Dean right now, fight beside him in whatever battle they were fighting. He took some deep slow breaths to calm himself. It seemed to have worked because Orandriel did as she had promised and returned.
Dean popped his bottle open, raised it to them and took a sip. “I’ll be good as new soon enough.” He smiled then took another sip of beer and placed it on the table.
Sam left his brother lounging in the library while he went to go busy himself with prepping for the hunt with Mark in a few days and preparing for the trip to find the dagger.
"I bet you're glad I was doing research now, huh?" Sam said sarcastically.
Cas rubbed small circles over the dome that inhabited his child, "I'll try my hardest to help."
The atmosphere was becoming uncomfortable and Dean was tired of tiptoeing around the truth even though earlier they agreed to not involve Jody beyond what she needed to know for the cases.
Micka muffled a scream, "To collect angel grace and bring back with us to purgatory to help our fellow brethen who could not make it out." That wasn't their true mission but he knew better than to divulge that information. Micka glanced down at Dean's abdomen and everyone in the room noticed.
Sam agreed with a head nod.
“What?” Dean stated in disbelief then he realized how serious Sam was and declared, “No.”
“With you guys. Back to Bobby’s to help with research.” She replied as she walked towards the door to grab her keys.
"Yeah. You know, like eating healthier, checking in with a healer, learning anything you can about pregnancies in general or even setting up a nursery, for god's sake."
Dean’s eye widened at Sam’s realization, “Makes sense.”
Bobby nor Sam said anything as Dean took a seat across from them at the table.
"Okay." Sam raised his hands in surrender. Dean sat back down at the table. Opened the book and started reading the same page for the third time. He couldn't fight sleep this time.
“Bobby.”
Thank you for your patience in my uploading. I hope to have a few more chapters up by Tuesday.
I do not own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
Dean exits the car, "Hey Bobby." He walks back to the trunk. Sam is already back there popping it open.
"Makes sense why the old mill is haunted, what else?"
I apologize to my readers in advance with this chapter. I wanted to get Castiel's view and frustration on everything that has been happening. I sort of came up with this chapter on a whim and I just don't like it. I have rewritten it about seven times and what you see is the final cut. I wanted to let Castiel in on what is happening to Dean without him actually understanding it. So, yes I am making him seem to not understand what is happening for a reason.
Cas stood from his crouched position and headed over to the other side of the bed where there was more room for him. He sat down at the foot of the bed and placed his head in his hands. He felt Dean move behind him, "Cas?"
Garth asked in confusion, “You two know each other.”
"Yeah, well, you ask him because I'm checking out for the time being. My brain hurts." Dean turned and left the library.
Dean stood up and turned towards the door, “I’m heading in. Night.”
He looked pointedly at Dean's abdomen, "What are you going to tell Bobby?"
Bobby's attention was drawn to the brothers. Dean knew he was gonna regret giving the floor to his brother but it was either that or his brother's constant stares for the rest of the day.
Castiel did not quite know what to think or say because nothing Orandirel said was making any sense to him. He simply wanted answers about Dean, “I don’t understand. Is there something wrong with Dean? What did you do to him?”
Sam opened the passenger door, "I don't know. Lets go back to the bunker and call Bobby or try to get a hold of Cas."
Sam started to get out of the car.
“Possibly.”
Sam retorted, "Jerk." As he exited the kitchen.
“So I heard you finally got your own piece of heaven in Kansas.
"Don't play dumb with me. I can't believe you weren't going to tell me."
Sam picked up the book and walked it into the kitchen for Dean to look at, “This one.”
“Yeah, well, he asked me to help with a hunt here in Kansas."
Sam had been secretly researching pregnancy symptoms, "What?"
Dean looked at his brother perplexed. He passed a sandwich to his brother as he sat down at the table in the library.
“You able to fight, Dean?” Bobby quietly inquired.
Dean took another bite of his food, "What about the steam?"
Dean choked a little on his food at her questioning. Sam answered for his brother, “Dean has been feeling a little under the weather.” He provided her an assuring smile.
Dean fired the gun, "Shut up." Bobby and Sam both jumped at the surprise firing of the gun. They then glanced at each other in question of Dean's sanity at the moment.
At first, he was happy to see her but that quickly turned to anger because he tried so hard for what felt like days to gain her attention, “Why have you been absent?”
With everything at a standstill, Dean and Sam left for Kansas hoping everything may be changing for the better. Once back at the bunker, Dean found a new sense of rejuvenation, in fact, this is the first time in weeks that he felt great. Sam on the other hand was a little unnerved, something was not settling well with him. So he did what he does best, research.
Again, the Drakkoon demon laughs, "How bold of you, Dean Winchester."
Dean stared daggers at his brother before his expression softened, “Sorry, man. I just. . .I need to keep my mind busy or something.”
Dean stated angrily back towards Bobby, "What sort of bright ideas do you have? Cause I'm just being honest with you about what I think we should do."
Both brothers knew that was not the reason Dean was leaving but it was less awkward then confronting the truth.
Bobby and Sam headed out to meet up with Mark. They showed up at the mill about an hour later, Bobby and Sam looked around from inside the vehicle. They were early to meet Mark by six minutes. Bobby and Sam took that time to shoot the breeze a little bit until Bobby noticed it was five minutes after three o' clock, “I thought you said he was meeting us here at 3 pm.”
Cas walked over to Dean to comfort him but it was not well received and he was rejected, “Did you at least get a chance to talk to her?”
"Let me guess, the hunter trapped a Drakkon demon?"
“Great. I"m on board send us back so we can complete said mission.” Castiel looks to Dean as he responds to Orandriel. He pulls Dean away to have a semi private conversation, "Dean, Why don't you have a problem with this?"
Dean chuckled a little, "Oh, we do and its a good one." He looked towards the trunk and Bobby followed his gaze. Inside he saw an unconscious man with restraints.
“You will keep me filled in anytime you find something new and don’t hide anything from me just to protect me.” She said with a teary smile not wanting to say goodbye to her boys.
He placed a hand in comfort on Garth's left shoulder, “You’re gonna have to trust me when I say, you need to release that thing in there, okay?” Dean pointed to inside the cabin.
Cas came back to reality and looked over at Dean. He rushed to him and fiercely embraced him in a hug. Dean let out another sob as Cas hugged him. Dean's voice broke with a sob, "This wasn't how starting a family was suppose to be like. You were suppose to be at the bunker with me sharing our news with close family and friends."
He shook his head when he heard Dean talk about his suspicions of the book, “Lets just hold on for a minute, okay? We need to ask ourselves some questions first before we buy into this information.”
“It’s a start. Have you found anything yet on the sigils we discovered after Dean and Cas disappeared?”
He got up the next morning and first thing he did was go to Dean’s room to check in on him. Sam found his brother’s room empty, “Dean!”
Cas looked away from him in shock, "How could I have been so stupid not to see it? You're right, I should be asking Orandriel."
“All in due time, Castiel.” She waved her hand again and the book appeared in her hand, “Lets get started, shall we?”
Sam came to a sudden stop just in time for Dean to open the passenger door, lean out of the car and vomit. Sam scooted towards Dean to help but was stopped. After wiping his mouth, Dean returned upright back in the car and shut the door. Sam sat there behind the wheel staring at his big brother wondering what to do next. Dean made eye contact and nodded his head to reassure Sam it was ok to continue their drive.
“Yeah, You’re telling me.”
Dean saw his brother come into the kitchen, "Hey, Sam."
"Depends." Sam slyly stuck the sonogram into the back pocket of his jeans.
“I’m not the one who was just complaining about not fitting in their clothes.”
Garth stood and paced in front of Dean processing everything he just heard. Dean sat on the couch with his arm's crossed in front of his chest watching his friend pace. It had been a few minutes, Garth was still pacing and hadn't said anything. It was working Dean's last nerve, he at least wished the hunter would say something, anything.
Dean turned around pissed and said, “Help with what? I shouldn’t even be here right now. You want to help. Fine, here it is. I died, came back, the end.” He returned back to his room.
Dean became slightly defensive, "No. I used the the glamour spell you showed me a couple years ago."
Dean picked up the laptop, “Oh, yeah. Weird how?”
Keeping her noise in the book, she replied, "He has concerns about the child."
"I have no power here in the cosmic veil that I know of. I can assure you that it was not me."
“Noth. . .”
Dean nodded his head to Cas’s statement, “I thought maybe if I reached out to you I could get some help.”
Sam opened his mouth to say something else but was stopped by Dean, “Sam, leave it alone. Okay? Please, man. Can we focus on anything else? I'm tired of discussing this. We don't even know what all this means and until I hear more from Cas himself or Orandriel. We are going to leave the topic alone.”
Bobby and Sam exchanged looks before Sam sat down behind his laptop to discover something weird that he made a point to ask Dean later. Bobby was over by Dean helping him grab books off the shelf.
Dean walked into the kitchen, zipped up hi duffel bag and headed towards the door. He couldn't help but notice that Garth was acting really strange, "You gonna be okay by yourself?"
“Dean.”
Dean stood from his chair to discover an odd sensation like the feeling of floating. He looked behind to see his sleeping form still in the chair. He realized he was dreaming and maybe this was something he fabricated to comfort himself. He had to know if this was real so he walked towards Castiel. “Is it really you?” Dean looked at him both surprised and longingly. Castiel nodded his head. He wanted so badly to reach out and touch him.
He would try it with little things first and if it worked, he would do it with the book. Castiel took the opportunity of the brother's being in the bunker library to see if they would notice things going missing. He started with taking Sam's pen and replacing it with a pencil. Cas grabbed a pencil off the table in Bobby's house, he projected himself to the bunker. Grabbed Sam's pen and left pencil then he headed back to the veil to watch it play out. Next, he went for Bobby's beer but this time decided not to replace the object with something else. He wanted to see if it would still work, it did. He moved to a bigger object the chair next to Sam, he removed it and replaced it with a bar stool from Bobby's house. Cas should have known the reaction he would receive by doing that. He felt bad so he left one of his feather's on the table as a signature to let them know he was there. Time for the big reveal, Cas scanned through the book to help them finding the chapter that would be of use to them and palced another feather of his in the book. He once again projected himself to the bunker, dropped the book on the table and came back to veil.
Dean nodded his head, "Fine." He walked over to the bench and sat down, hoping Cas would join him, "Where have you been, man? Hmm? I've been try to get a hold of you for weeks."
Sam crouched down to his brother's level, "We can't drive five hours with a demon in the back of the car."
“Here in the bunker.”
He had to resist the urge to shiver at the Drakkoon’s words.
He closed his eyes at his idiocy of not checking his caller ID. He removed the phone from his ear as he took a breath and regained his composure. He placed it back to his ear, “Hey, Sammy.”
stay still.”
They both got cleaned up for the day and headed to the library to start research. After a few hours, Dean purposed they stop for a lunch break. They left to a local deli to pick up some sandwiches.
Dean figured now was a good time as any to tell him, "So, can you help us or not?"
"Thanks, Bobby."
Sam thought about everything. Dean watched in horror as his brother was now putting the information together and guessed Sam was starting to think the same thing as him. Dean knew his brother was never going to let him live this down. He knew what was going to come out of his brother’s mouth next by the gleam in his eye. Sam cleared his throat trying not to laugh at what he now thinks his brother has been trying to figure out. With a little smirk Sam said, “So, you think you might be preg. . . “
“Like hell. I want some answers.”
Bobby knew that his surrogate son needed him but he decided to give him some space before stepping out on the porch.
“I don’t know.”
Dean had his thinking face on, “Oh yeah, that guy you helped a few years ago with a hunt."
“Dean, what just happened?”
"So you're going to help then?" inquired Sam.
"How so?"
Bobby and Sam doubled checked they had everything they needed for this hunt and then some. Dean decided that he was still feeling off and would stay behind but if they needed him for anything to not be afraid to call him.
Sam chuckled at Dean, “Hey, were you in here this morning looking at some books?”
He was startled from research when Sam rushed into the library unfolding a South Dakota road map and continuing their conversation as if a moment never passed, " I went and got some maps. I think we should keep track of the sigils." Dean watched his brother as he rummaged through a drawer for a writing utensil. He found a black marker. After hanging up the map, Sam put a black dot over every residence that had a sigil.
"What happened, Dean?"
"You ask the one thing of me that I can't do. If I did as you ask, you would be lost to Dean forever.” She states brashly.
"What's going on?" Dean exasperated.
"Yeah. . . I don’t know. . .We've been so caught up with everything that's happened. Maybe this is Cas' way to put us back on the right track.”
Sam smirked at his brother, "Trust me. You're gonna want to be home when I tell you." They walked out of the exam room and out to the waiting area where they thanked the doctor for his help.
Dean stared daggers at Sam but quickly matched Sam's somber mood, "I didn't say that. I just don't see how we can make this right." He sighed as silence fell for a few seconds. Sam backed out of the parking lot and headed back towards the bunker.
Bobby ordered next, “hamburger and fries.”
“I want to know what is going on with Dean? He has been experiencing some odd behavior. Why?”
Sam could hardly sleep last night. When he left Dean’s room, he headed to the library to try and figure out something to help his brother, to help Castiel.  During research, he wondered if maybe he could reach Castiel through the cosmic veil or if Dean was the only one. He figured it was worth a shot anyway, “Hey. . .Cas, I’m not sure if you can hear this but I’m gonna try anyway. I know you don’t know a whole lot about what’s going on but any help will be useful. If you find out anything, please try to find a way to give us a sign.”
"It's that noticeable?"
They pulled up to the house and exited the vehicle to congregate by the trunk. Each one of them grabbed a rifle loaded with the new bullets that Bobby created plus a extra handful for backup.
A little more urgent this time he yelled, “Just pull the damn car over!”
He read the page and flipped it to find a drawing of what they weapon is said to look like. It was simple looking, naturally with the Drakkoon demons being an ancient creature. A dagger with a wooden hilt that had cravings of an ancient dialect. “How do we find it?” he asked once he was done reading.
Dean realized that his headache was gone and he was starving once he returned back to reality. He decided to leave the occupancy of his room in search for some grub.
He stood from the couch, "I'm not going to ask where you where but are you good now?"
“Then tell me what I can do to help.”
“Can’t you perform some sort of angel scan on me our something.”
Micka smirked, "Are they really angels, Dean, if they inhabit a human body and rid the soul?"
Everyone looked around at each other confused. Clearan continued, “The stars are aligning for us, men. Some new information has been brought to light regarding Dean Winchester. Information which is not yours to be concerned with. The only thing you need to know is your next task. In this book, is a spell to wipe the earth of everything good.” Clearan held up to book.
Sam turned back to the homeowner, “You’ll have to excuse our partner he is feeling a little under the weather.”
"Why?"
Sam grabbed the feather from Dean and held it up at eye level, “Castiel sent it?”
“Is that all you’re going to tell me?” Jody inquired taking another bite.
"You two are looking into a hunt." Bobby inquired.
Dean laughed at his brother's suffering, "You have to admit we needed it though."
“I keep Castiel to ensure that you complete the mission once and for all.”
Bobby leaned up against a tree waiting for Sam to come back, it was about fifteen minutes later when he saw Sam’s head pop up over the cliff. He rushed over to help him up, “So, did you get it?”
"So, you really can see a difference."
“I know it’s not in our nature to release a supernatural being but I’m asking you to do this out of your best interest.”
Sam sat it on the table and took a seat, Dean followed suit. Sam started to thumb through the book when it landed on the page with a feather. He took out of the book to look at it.
*************************************************************************************************************
“What did you have in mind?”
Sam left with the book and walked it into the kitchen for Dean to look at, “This one.” Castiel couldn’t see them but he could hear their voices in the distance.
Bobby, Sam, and Dean all nodded to her nod. They could sense that she was just playing along with their little charade.
There he kneeled in an empty field, saying goodbye, to Dean’s makeshift headstone as he created another for Castiel. He planted their headstones in a field close to the bunker. It was a place where him and his brother would visit sometimes just to sit and talk while staring up into the starry sky. Though there was no body left behind to bury he still wanted his brother to have a place to rest. After a few moments, he knew it was time to get on with life by getting back on the road and working cases. That is what Dean would have wanted him to do. As he stood, Sam thought back to the events that led him to mourn his brother and his friend, Castiel.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean shifted himself in his chair to make his position more comfortable before replying, "Nothing can be worse then what's already happened."
Sam rested a hand on his shoulder to comfort his brother and let him know he was real.
No response. Dean put a bullet in Micka's left shoulder and asked the question again. Still no answer. Sam saw Dean getting charged up again and stopped him before any further damage. He pulled Dean to the side, "We can't send him back broken and bloody."
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Dean took the bag from his brother, "What's this?"
The wall shifted the scene once more to show Bobby and Sam returning back to the bunker. Cas heard Sam talking about the tapestries in the cave. He knew that he had to find some kind of lore that might help them translate the tapestries.
They were both caught off guard when Orandriel appeared. Dean stood up to rush her but was stopped by Cas. He stood in front of Dean to create a barrier.
“No.” Dean said sternly.
“We need to eat a little healthier, Dean.”
Cas was tried of being jerked around by Orandriel and Dean being so secretive, "Dean!"
Micka left to rest before retrieving more grace. Clearan took the vials of grace off the dining room table and walked upstairs to a room that was full of spell books and angel grace. He placed the vials in the cabinet with the rest of the grace. In the middle of the room on a book stand was a very thick old looking book, Clearan turned the pages until he came upon the spell he was looking for. He smiled to himself, “Finally.”
Lucky they came prepared with repelling gear. Sam hooked the rope up to the boulder and lowered himself down.
Cas stood in the cosmic veil recalling the events that had transpired in Dean's dream. It was only moments ago that his hunter was telling him that he was pregnant. He wished that he could have provided a little more comfort to Dean before he woke.
Lastly, Bobby was still receiving calls from various hunters in a panic after hearing about Drakkoon demons. He was able to assure them that they did not exist but of course, that was a lie. He called Sam and Dean to let them know that more and more hunters are become aware of the demons. Bobby assured them that he would just keep telling the other hunters lies until it was necessary to tell them the truth.
“All morning long we’ve been getting calls around town and from other counties about strange happenings.”
Dean knew he was busted. “That last website was an accident. I was doing some research to figure out what's going on with me.” He took a heavy sigh, “Short version, I’m carrying Cas’s grace. I'm not sure what that entails so I explored all options.”
“Gone.” when Dean went to grab his beer it slid across the table.
"Aren't you just a little bit curious, Dean?"
“How’s your headache?” asked Sam.
They looked at each other again but this it was one of a more guilty/realization on the subject at hand. Sam looked through the book to see if the chapter said anything about beacons warding the Drakkoons if the weapon was disturbed there weren't any warnings. He conveyed that to Bobby to ease his fear but Bobby retorted with, "Well we didn;t think there was a weapon. Yet, here we are trying to find its location."
They hit the books once again but this time on research for their current demon problem. Two hours into it, Sam closed his book shut and threw it onto the table.
Sam tried to call Bobby again but he didn’t pick up and he didn’t bother to leave a message. He started looking up articles about claims of the old mill. He was pulled away hours later when a delicious smell came from the kitchen.
"After you were sent back to earth, all Orandriel told me was that we would be reunited in 6 months time then disappeared leaving me in the cosmic veil. That’s all I know.”
Sam hadn't noticed earlier because his brother was sitting behind the table than his robe mask his size when he stood from the table, “You’ve grown at least two sizes since yesterday.”
“An answer like what? You know how those tests work, right? I have angel grace in me and the last time I checked grace is not made from HCG.”
Bobby focused on driving while the brothers had their spat.
Everyone smiled and cheered at their soon to be success. Clearan raised his hands to silence the group, “Yes. Yes. However, a new plan has been issued in moving forward. As you all know, the Winchesters are standing in our way for collecting more grace. So, we will set our sights elsewhere in the meantime.”
Sam looked at Bobby before he responded, "We are going to play it by ear."
With his nose still in the book, Sam relayed a question to his brother, “So, what do you think now? Is it worth trying?”
"Let me guess, you didn't bother to leave a message.”
Dean forgot that Garth had become a werewolf recently, “And?”
"That S.O.B is mine."
Dean looked to his brother, "I think I broke him."
Bobby stood up from behind the desk,"I'll go make some more bullets and pack." He left the room.
Castiel was surprised by Dean's reaction and he matched Dean's tone, “I tried reaching out but Orandriel has prevented me access to you. She only lets me see what she wants me too.”
Sam shrugged, “Nothing.” He couldn’t help but smirk at Dean.
Sam pulled his brother out of the car, they walked down the alley until they came to a door. He banged on it. A man in a white lab coat answered the door. Sam in a panic unintentionally yelled at the man, “We, my brother and I, need your help!”
This chapter is meant to take place right after the last time Dean and Castiel have seen each other in Chapter 11.
Dean replied a little annoyed at Sam, “Give me a little credit, Sam. Do yo really think I'm that dumb to give up the only resource we have?"
Dean slept over ten hours, he woke still feeling exhausted and a little aroused. A new symptom he was experiencing lately, the libido of a teenage boy, ever inch of him was sensitive and craved touch. The shower he took this morning was almost unbearable and he hoped that no one heard him satisfying himself. Dean could only hope that his time in the shower would be enough to ease his arousal. Even wearing clothes was sending him into overdrive. He debated laying around his room naked all day or at least until his body calmed down. He took care of himself one more time before he donned his clothes and headed to the kitchen.
“What? Why?"
Sam sighed as he looked at Bobby,  "Who knows when we will see him again?”
Dean joined his brother in the library when he was done eating and put the leftovers away. Bobby was in the war room returning phone calls with hunters who had called him looking for information on whatever various monsters they were chasing.
*******************************************
Castiel cocked his head trying to understand what Orandriel was getting at. She could tell that she was getting nowhere with him.
“I get Sam now or I torch the book.” Dean pulled out his lighter and flicked it on. He placed it under the book, “Your choice.”
Sam responded with, "How did he know about the angel grace?"
“I have no power in the Cosmic Veil. Orandriel shows me bits and pieces of what she wants me to see. It’s like watching a movie, I am there watching but not able to interact.”
With a mouth full of carrot Dean explained his reasoning behind the snack, "I needed a snack and this was the only that appealed to me so I grabbed it. Sue me." He took another bite.
Bobby knelt down in front of Dean and tapped his face. Dean responded with a groan. Bobby did it again, "Dean,  come on Dean. Need you to wake up." He looked at Sam behind him, "He feels warm, maybe you should go get him some water and cool rag so we can cool him off."
Dean stared at his brother disapprovingly.
"This is the first time in a while that I have felt great. Lets go out and. . .I don't know. . .have some fun."
Dean took a bite, "Make yourself another one. I'm eating this one." He was already half way through the burger. He took another bite, "This is delicious. What did you put on this?"
He finished making his sandwich before coming to sit with him at the kitchen table. He placed the new beer in front of Bobby as he responded to the question, "Not good but I'm dealing the best I can."
After talking to Dean, Castiel had a new found determination to get answers for both Dean and himself from Orandriel. He knew trying to get her attention was worthless but it didn’t mean he wasn’t going to try. He had been at it for what felt like months, but in reality, he knew it was just a few days. He's angel senses were felt like they slightly fading then they perked up again. He was not sure the reasons ebhind it but it happened abotu three times before he decided to take a rest. He was surprised to see Orandriel appear as he took a seat. He quickly stood to approach the cosmic being. No pleasantries were exchange instead Castiel blurted out, “You’re going to tell me what the hell is going on with Dean and I want a straight answer. The answer, ‘you already know’ will not suffice.” He was breathing heavily with anger.
Cas returns back to Bobby’s place in the veil feeling slightly deflated at his ability to be useful to his hunter. He sat down on the couch and massages his temples to think of his next approach to research and where his time would be more useful.
He was a little irate that they hadn't shared the information sooner, "And you didn't bother to call and tell me."
Dean opened the bags to find one filled with a variety of shirts in different sizes and the other one had jeans that varied in size, "Thanks."
"An old lore book that we had sitting around and probably pretty much memorized by now."
Dean listened to his brother as he opened a cupboard to grab the peanut butter. He almost dropped as he heard Sam finish his sentence. Dean turned around fast to look at his brother with a shicked wide eyed expression, "Really? How? Where?"
********************************************
Sam tried to comfort his brother by talking to him, “hang on, Dean. We’re almost back to the hotel.”
“You know, Castiel, for being a celestial being your powers are not in tune as they should be. I figured by now you would have felt your grace’s power growing.”
Dean plopped down on the stairs and waited for the interrogation to begin but it went a little different than he thought it would.
“You mean me.” Dean tossed the items onto the counter, “Look, I know you feel the need to look out for me or whatever but everything is fine.”
"I don't know. When we pulled up to the bunker, I felt really weak."
Castiel was losing his cool and fast. He was tired of being jerked around by this almighty cosmic being. He took his angel blade and held the point to her throat, “No more games. You will tell me everything I want to know.”
Dean turned around to see Cas standing there. His breath hitched at the sight, for weeks he had been trying to get a hold of his lover. Castiel showing up now could only mean one thing.
Sam stood up in disbelief at his brother's insane logic, "Not five hours."
“Dean. . .” Sam said in an encouraging manner to get him to tell Bobby the whole story. Dean rolled his eyes at his brother.
He stopped his brother by continuing his rant, “You know this place like the back of your hand. You even asked me only moments ago if I had ever seen this book.”
Sam woke to loud noises coming from Dean's room. He got up to investigate. Upon arriving at his brother's door, he realized Dean was dreaming. He knocked on the door before entering the room to see Dean wiping the sleep from his eyes.
Thanks for reading, commenting, and giving kudos. Your enjoyment of my stories keeps me writing.
Satisfied that he had helped, he once again returned to the veil library, as he was looking through a book he felt a presence join him. He knew exactly who it was and didn't bother to acknowledge her. Cas continued to look through the book in his hand.
“It’s best if
He got into the Impala and looked at Garth, “Thanks. I'll be seeing you around.” Dean waved at his friend as he sped off. He smiled to himself as he palmed his swollen abdomen.
“Wait, where are you going? I still have more questions.” He asked stepping forward and reaching towards her as if that would stop her. To his surprised it did.
He pulled out a chair and sat down, 'What's done is done, Sam. I don't want to talk about it. What have you guys been up to?"
Dean questioned his brother all the way back to the bunker but Sam would not budge. They walked into the bunker and were half way to the library when Dean decided he was growing tired of Sam's antics, "I'm not taking another step until you tell me what's going on."
Bobby stood and started pacing, "You're telling me that you knew the coordinates to the one weapon that could solve all our problems and you didn't have
Dean only nodded, "Well, okay. Let me get my stuff and I'll go with you guys."
Bobby took a bite of some toast, "I'm going to return some calls from other hunters before I help out with dagger research."
“Really?” Dean asked surprised as he squinted at the clock on the stove.
"NO!"
“Well stop.”
Dean pulled the chair out across from his brother and slowly lowered himself down, “You think it worked?”
Bobby reported that hunters were calling to inquire about sigils they were finding while out hunting and they wanted to know if it related to Drakkoon demons. Jody called to report that local police offices surrounding Sioux Falls were now finding strange markings on building where a person had gone missing. The sheriffs from those local police stations contacted Jody to see if she ever solved her missing person case.
Sam continued research and waited to see if anything would happen. Around 3 am, he threw in the towel and headed off to bed even though he knew he wouldn't sleep.
Castiel was surprised when Orandriel stayed for a whole twenty four hours to help him with research. He figured she was feeling guilty about everything and in his eyes she should. If it wasn't for her, they wouldn't be in this mess.
Dean stopped in his tracks and turned around wide-eyed, "What?"
"Really?" Dean exasperated, "You and I just had this conversation."
***************************************************************************************************************
“Well, lets keep looking.” he said as he picked up a book.
Bobby and Sam took a seat while Dean stood next to a chair and used the back to lean on; he dare not sit in fear. They last left Bobby in South Dakota after chasing around Drakkoons and sigils; which was three to four days ago. Dean and Sam kept exchanging glances, Bobby took notice, "Okay, what's with the looks?"
A month had passed since Clearan heard that Dean Winchester was alive. His henchmen had to lay low for a while. The Winchesters had caught on with what they were doing and were out looking for them. They had recently caught Micka while he was out collecting more grace. The Winchester’s released him back to Clearan with a message to stop what he was doing or there would be hell to pay.
Bobby looked over at Sam then again to Dean then back to Sam before answering him, “There was a reporting of a haunting at the old Glasman’s place. A hunter went there a week ago and thought he had killed the ghost. The entity seems to be stronger than what we are use to. I am thinking we try something new, bullets made of a salt/iron combination.” Bobby said as he held up a bullet he had made.
Still suspicious Bobby inquired, "How come I've never met this hunter? I know all of them in the business."
Sam smiled at his brother. Dean left to put some actual clothes on after spending all day in his lounge wear while Sam continued with the groceries. In the midst of doing that, they heard the bunker door open, Sam was the first to respond to the noise. He entered the war room to see Bobby coming down the stairs.
“Staring at me is not going to help anything. Maybe we should run through the evidence while we wait for Bobby and Jody.” Dean squinted his eyes open to look at his brother only to immediately close them.
I do not own the rights to Supernatural or the characters of the show.
Cas felt a sense of panic, he projected himself to where the brother's were. He stood in front of him, Cas look to his left when he noticed that Sam had woken and called out to his brother. Cas joined in with waking his hunter up, "Dean, wake up. . .you need to wake up." He felt relieved when he noticed Dean stirring. He stepped back into the veil, "Orandriel! Orandriel!" He called for her again but still no answer. He heart stopped when he heard the name Clearan and watched with clenched fists when he grazed Dean's cheek. Cas felt so helpless, again he called out for Orandriel. He watched in horror as Clearan said an incantation and placed his hands on Dean's abdomen. Castiel was more than pissed that Orandriel was not helping or stopping the scene playing out.  Clearan's hand now held Castiel's grace and his child's soul. Grief filled his heart for both himself and his hunter. He fell to his knees and reached out to the scene on the wall.
The car ride to Bobby's was long and silent, only a few times did they say something which usually involved getting gas or stopping to eat.
Dean went back to massaging his temples. Sam looked at his brother with even more concern. “It’s been days, Dean. Bobby and I have been very patient but it is time for a real explanation.”
“He’s back.”
She simply responded with, "He is a righteous man. God has chosen you numerous times to help. Why should this time be any different?"
“Okay, that’s it. You are obviously delirious.” Sam supported his brother out of the woods to be met by Bobby and Jody.
Sam shook his head. He couldn’t find the words to tell his brother, they came back empty handed.
Bobby entered the library with a beer in his hand and a water bottle for Dean, "Where's he going?" He sat the water on the table for when Dean returned.
“No.” She sighed before continuing, “It wasn’t until I woke up this morning to find that he never came to bed. That’s when I knew something was wrong and decided to call Jody to file a missing person’s report. While I was on the phone with her, I looked out my bedroom window towards the garage and noticed that it had been graffitied with some weird symbols.”
"I know you do. We'll figure something out."
You will notice over the next few chapters that Dean's personality is changing, it is because of the pregnancy. I try my hardest when writing my stories to keep the characters personality similar to how they are percieved on the show. Not always an ease feat but I do my best.
“What? It's not like I know what is going on with me. Maybe it has something to do with what we saw today. My ears were buzzing similar to when I first met Cas but a lower frequency.”
"How many of you are there?"
Bobby started to get out but was told by Sam to stay put. Bobby shouted out of the driver's window as Sam headed towards the mill, "I'm giving you five minutes, if you don’t come back I'm coming to after you."
Dean spent the next few days manning the hunter hotline and it would appear that since he saw Micha, more and more hunters were catching Drakkoons. He received three calls from Bobby and Sam in the last few days. They were pretty mad at him for leaving the bunker. Garth called Sam to congratulate him for becoming an uncle. The last call he received from Sam was about four hours ago, after searching all over the redwood forest they came up empty handed yet again. Sam and Bobby found a tree that had carvings in it similar to the rock in Montana. The back of that tree had a hidden compartment but it was empty. They were heading back to Kansas instead of Wyoming. Dean told his brother on the last call they had that it might be time to call a hunters meeting. He informed Sam that more Drakkoons were being captured in the last few days and the majority were in the surrounding states of Kansas, he figured it wasn't a coincidence.
"Leave me be.”
Dean called back from the kitchen, “What book?”
Dean nodded his head in agreement.
It has been a longtime since we have seen what Castiel has been up too. We last saw him when he was finding out he was going to be a father.
Dean now thought back to that day of war. He tried so hard to get Castiel to stay at the bunker due to him being an advantage to the Drakkoons. Castiel agreed to stay but he didn't say for how long. Dean was enraged to see Cas appear in the warehouse across the room. He yelled out angrily towards Cas. Dean started making his way over to him, but he wasn't the only one headed towards Cas. A Drakkoon was head right towards the angel as well. As he neared his angel, the Drakkoon demon grabbed Castiel's hand and sliced it. The demon then dragged the angel into a small space and Dean followed. He appeared in the room to see that a sigil was drawn on the wall. Next, there was a bright purple light then a booming noise. Dean and Castiel shielded their eyes. As they felt themselves be pulled from the room by an unforeseen force they heard their names being called out by Sam and Bobby. They unshielded their eyes to discover they were no longer in the warehouse but in a space with walls that looked like billowing puffs of multicolored smoke.
Dean looked to his brother from the laptop he was doing research on, "What now?" He was taken aback by Sam's response. Sam stood from his chair, grabbed the keys to the Impala, and walked out, "I'll be back." Dean was left sitting alone in the library trying to comprehend what just happened.
Sam yelled after him, “Dean!” No response from Dean. Sam looked at Bobby, “You just had to take his sandwich.”
"I don't think looking at them individual is going to help. We aren't finding anything because we don't have the resources to help us." Sam reached over to grab the pen he was using but it was missing. Bobby and Dean watched in confusion as Sam lifted books around him and looked under the table.
Sam felt a little ashamed but knew it truly was for the best. He turned around to see Bobby sitting in the passenger seat. As he entered the vehicle he sighed then looked over at Bobby. Bobby responded with a slight nod and presented Sam with the keys. "We both know it’s for the best."
Sam walked over to Dean with caution, “Do you need help finding something?”
After a sip of coffee, Bobby responded with, "Great. Let's start with you telling us what happened after you died."
Sam and Bobby looked guilty for thinking that thought, they had every right too, but it was more then that. Bobby received four more calls from hunters on top of the hunter from five days ago, the one Bobby went to help, it made a total of six.
He's surprised to find that the cosmic wall in front of him flicks on with Bobby, Sam, and Dean in the bunker. They are in the midst of informing him of the book that Castiel sent to them. He watches as Dean informs Bobby of his pregnancy. It was the first time Cas had really seen Dean's body since the news was announced to him. He was in such awe by the round abdomen on his hunter. Next, he watched Dean and Bobby have a heartfelt talk, in the kitchen, about his pregnancy. Castiel waited for the scene before him to disappear as it usually did but it didn't. The wall stayed focused on the Winchester brothers and Bobby. He took it as a sign that he got through to her earlier about breaking the rules.
After several days of researching, he was able to compile a stack of books that could help the brothers. He decided to approach his research with scanning the material first then thoroughly look through the books after he compiled a big enough stack. He was sitting at the dining table in fake Bobby's house with the books spread out and opened to various pages. A scream brought him out of his concentration, he directed his attention to the wall just in time to see two men dragging the brothers behind the building before disappearing.
“I am unable to do that. Your grace has been separated for too long. If I send you back you will be in a comatose state and of no help. Nothing changes.”
Sam handed his brother a book, "Okay, lets get started."
Sam woke the next day and got in touch with Mark to make sure he still wanted assistance with the hunt. Mark assured him that he did. Dean woke up not feeling the greatest and was going to power through but Bobby and Sam both told him to go rest until the hunt. He did as he was told but made sure to remind them that he was not a child and could take care of himself.
“No?” Bobby looked perplexed at his surrogate son.
“Weird.”
“Dean, hold on just a minute, okay? We have some time to figure things out”
Sam looked at his brother apologetically, "Sorry."
After about an hour and twelve books later they finally found something by complete accident. It happened a little bit like this.
Dean was helping himself to some eggs and toast when Sam walked in. He smiled and chuckled to himself at the state his brother was in. Sam could barely open his eyes and his hair was all over the place, "Rough night?"
“Not currently because I am not at my full power to do that.”
"Nothing." Sam went back to looking at the book in front of him.
The rest of the drive was spent snacking and discussing the best books to use for research.
First, he thought about the Drakkoons and the story behind their existence, which naturally he found out from Cas. They are worse than Leviathan and there is no information on how to kill them. Drakkoons are ancient demons that were created by Lucifier. He created them when he created the Knights of Hell. Though they have true forms that are something straight out of a horror story but they can only walk on earth in meat suits. That was pretty much all that Castiel knew. The brothers were determined to find out more and they did a little bit through the men of letters archives but nothing to help destroy them. They learned of an Alpha and that their magic only works on earth with the aid of angel blood. Dean, Sam, and Castiel fought with them for months and they even harbored one in the dungeon before it died of its wounds. Word got out to the Alpha that one of his children were captured and he declared war on the Winchesters.
Sam looked at Dean, "What do we do?"
"Okay, but why? Its a gift that should be enjoyed."
Dean sat there massaging his temples, “You do know I can hear you.”
As Sam exited the room, he heard Dean call after him, “Don’t bring any of that healthy crap back.” He smirked at his brother’s food preferences. He returned twenty five minutes later with several bags of groceries and some new clothes for Dean. As he was putting the groceries away, his brother entered the kitchen to rummage through the bags for a snack, “Seriously, man.” Dean held up a bag of mixed salad in one hand and a bag of apples in another.
"And the anger?" inquired Sam.
Dean unlaced his fingers to wave a hand at the mess on the table, “These tapestries could be a wild goose chase, for all we know and we don’t really have the time for screw ups here.” He resumed his previous position and sighed.
“You know this place like the back of your hand. You even asked me only moments ago if I had ever seen this book.”
"You gonna do it?"
Dean entered, "Already hitting the bottle, I see. Want some company? "
Dean returned about fifteen minutes later, "Find anything?"
Dean could tell the room was slowly growing darker due to the sun setting and minimal windows in the basement. He looked around the room again, "Are we in a basement?"
It took several minutes before Dean was ready to move on his own accord and not with his brother’s help. By then Bobby was returning to inform them what was coming their way. They reached a clearing in the woods, as the werewolves caught up with them. The three of them were in the center with their backs to each other surround by werewolves.
“I remember feeling an odd sensation in my abdomen then being in pain." Dean sat up on the exam table.
Jody looked towards the brothers are they reentered the room while asking Bobby, “They looked to be drawn using charcoal. Do you know what they mean?”
Dean rolled his eyes at his brother before taking another bite. They finished their meal in silence. After the kitchen was cleaned up, they headed off to what they were doing before. Sam found himself quite distracted by Dean's pregnancy. He couldn't help but wonder if his brother should be treating his pregnancy more seriously. If Dean wasn’t then he was. He decided to take it upon himself to stock the fridge with healthier choices for Dean. He headed towards his brother’s room to let him know he was heading out for a quick trip to the store. But what he found was so out of Dean’s character. He found his brother laying on his bed looking at the sonogram and caressing the underside of his slightly more noticeable bump. Sam backed a few feet away from the door before he announced his presence to allow Dean to compose himself, “Dean!”
“Enough small talk, I'm going to get right down to business. I heading up to your neck of the woods for a hunt and I need some help.”
“I just don’t know what to do, Sam. I’ve pretty much exhausted my resources and Cas knows nothing.”
Dean stared at his brother not convinced.
Dean looked to his brother than back to the figure, “Wish I could return the favor.”
“If I knew don’t you think I would have done it already.”
“You guys will follow me to the more unusual cases.” She went on to explain to them that a couple of farmers found strange burn marks out on their property and a couple of locals a few miles down the road from those farmers found strange writing on their sheds, houses, and garages. That was all the information she had to give them until they could investigate the crime scene. She took three of the locals and one farmer to investigate and the rest she divvied up to other deputies. Dean, Sam, and Bobby suited up in their FBI gear before heading on their way.
They both looked at Dean, "I'm hungry. Anybody want a sandwich?" he went up to Bobby's kitchen.
Garth pulled back from the hug, “There’s something different about you, I can’t quite put my finger on.”
"What's the plan, Bobby?" Sam said as he cocked his rifle.
“That’s just great.” Dean stated a little pissed. “So now what? Hmm? I have no idea what to do, Cas.”
“The hunting business, you know.
Dean grabbed breakfast and brought it with him to the library. He, of course, found his brother and Bobby hard at work. He ate breakfast quickly while inquiring if they've found anything new. Hearing that they had nothing, he pushed his empty plate aside and grabbed a book.
“Could be." Sam shrugged before continuing, "We don’t even know what sort of consequences could occur from him being back.”
"Until we know for sure what Clearan's plan is, maybe we should wait to see if anything new happens."
Sam nearly choked on some toast at Bobby's bluntness. He looked over at Dean to see a blank look on his face then he smiled and chuckled a little to himself.
Things started to fall in place for both of them.
"It's natural, Dean. All part of the natural part of being pregnant."
Sam struggled to get free but it only brought the knife deeper to his neck.
They are stood around waiting for the unexpected. After about fifteen minutes of waiting nothing transpired and they all meet back in the living room. Suddenly there was a gust of wind and a specter appeared, it was an elderly man with glowing eyes. The three of them raised their rifle waiting for a move from the specter. Sam took the first shot but the specter disappeared. They spread out around the room. Waiting for the specter to appear again. Dean went off into the den to the left off the living room, Sam walked off into the kitchen north of the living room and Bobby stayed right were he was. As Dean was coming around the corner to meet up with Sam in the kitchen the specter appeared and as a reflex Sam pulled the trigger not realizing Dean was going to be rounding the corner. The specter again disappeared as Dean was hit with buckshot in the left shoulder. Normally, this wouldn't have been a problem with just salt. Yeah sure it would have stung something fierce but the bullets have iron in them now which means more damage. Dean feel to the floor groaning in pain as Sam came to his aid, "Bobby!"
Why his thoughts went to Cas, he'll never know. Maybe it was simply wishful thinking on his part that his angel would come comfort him. He laid his head back down on his pillow, hoping sleep would take him and everything was just a bad dream. But at the feeling of someone getting into bed and spooning him, his eyes stayed open. Dean waited to see what would happen next. He indulged his imagination for a little while and allow himself to take comfort in his minuscule delusion he was projecting. But the contact of a phantom hand on his shoulder, proved all to real. He did pray to Cas, maybe he was here in the room with him. The phantom hand moved from his shoulder, down his arm, and came to rest on his hip. He relished in the feeling and let out a sigh of content at the feeling. He felt the action on his body two more times before grabbing the hand and placing it on his abdomen. Allowing Cas a moment to feel the place where their child was harbored. It felt so good to have this comfort.
Dean somberly responded, “I know. I just don’t understand how we always find ourselves in these predicaments. I want to be able to enjoy us as a couple without doomsday always at our door.” Cas took the opportunity to give Dean a long-awaited kiss and Dean returned it. They both still had so much on their minds but neither could bring themselves to ruin the moment. Dean wanted to ask Cas if he knew about the pregnancy test and Cas wanted to tell Dean that Orandriel granted him more time beyond the cosmic veil. But he knew it best to not tell Dean. Dean’s curiosity got the best of him, “So, what moments did Orandriel allow you to see?”
"Don't be an idjit. You were sitting right there when took a drink from it earlier."  Bobby looked at the other end of the table where he left Dean's water, "I know I brought it with me when I brought a water for Dean."
As Dean sat down with his plate, Sam and Bobby told him everything they have found so far before his return and after. Dean asked no questions just listened intently while nodding his head and eating.
"Dean?" He scrambled to his brother's side as he tried to sit up, "Stay down, Dean."
Dean raised an eyebrow at his brother, "So. . .what are our plans for today? Continue studying the symbols or look into the information Bobby informed us about?"
“A lot of it sounds like your run of the mill misdemeanors but then again it wouldn’t hurt if you guys could look into a few things with me. You know, just to make sure.”
She quickly reappeared after she had a thought, “My curiosity has peaked and I am going to grant you access to see Dean anytime anywhere but you will not have the ability to converse with him unless you are in his dreams. You will be a ghost, in a way. You’ll be able to watch and interact but no talking. Use this opportunity wisely because the more you use my gift the more and more drained you will become.” With that said she disappeared.
Dean stood from his chair, turned away from his brother to adjust himself in his pants, he called over his shoulder as he headed out of the library, "Be right back. Gotta take a whiz."
“Still upstairs in bed.” Sam sat down on the couch and reach for the list of phone numbers in front of him.
“There is nothing wrong with me.” Said Dean as he headed out of the house in anger.
Cas looked to the ground feeling like a failure. Dean starting to feel bad for being so crass with him. He took a breath as he walked over to Cas to embrace him and provide comfort. They took a moment to enjoy each other’s presence. Dean pulled back to look at Cas, “Sorry. I know you’re trying.”
“We have a slight problem. The angels are starting to catch on to our plan. I had to banish one today.”
Sam became more and more upset the longer he stayed there, “Fine. Whenever you are done with your moping and want to help you know where to find us.” Sam left.
"It's kinda of my job being your big brother and all."
“I’m a little tired so I’m letting you take the wheel for a while.”
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, "We were a little occupied with something else."
Sam pushed the laptop aside and took the book from Dean's hands to get his attention, “Let’s cut the crap, okay? We both know you are not fine. So how about you just be real for once.”
"Okay. I’ll will." Sam left to head back towards the library but called Mark instead to let him know the Winchester brothers were at his disposal. They finished their conversation with a time, a place, and more information on what they were up against.
They both looked to Bobby, “I left a couple of messages to those that did not answer but it is highly unlikely they know anything too.”
“Sure thing. I’ll send you an email later today. Oh, how are the symbols coming along?”
Dean retreated to his room. After some aspirin, he sat down on his bed with his back up against the headboard and closed his eyes. As he waited for the aspirin to kick in he thought of Castiel and the day of the big fight.
"Well, maybe it was your grace inside me channeling you some how and wanted to be helpful."
Micka nodded his head and contemplated if now was a good time to tell him of the other thing that happened.
He turned to leave Dean in peace. He called after Sam, “Tell him. I'm in if he wants more help.”
"Maybe instead of looking at all six tapestries together, we decipher them individually."
9/20/20: Thank you to all of my faithful readers for being patient with me. I have been working on developing new chapters and currently in the process of fine tuning everything. I hope by next weekend I should have at least two more chapters up. Commenting and Kudos really help push me to continue my writing. I finished writing the ending today and I can't wait to share it with you all.
He knew he was in the bunker and in his room but couldn't remember how he had got there.
While researching for the exact location of the Drakkoon dagger, Dean experience his second round of pregnancy symptoms.
Bobby and Sam turned on their flashlights and started looking around the area for any kind of clues. Bobby was looking at a boulder next to the cliff when he noticed an etching under some moss. He called out to Sam as he pulled the moss away. The etchings looked like a cross between enochian and drakkoon. From what Sam could gather it mentioned something about a hole gaped open in the side of the earth.
Thank you all for coming this far with me in the story. I promise two more chapters and we will really start getting into the juicy stuff. Plus, we will find out Dean's condition.
“Like I said those questions will be revealed in due time. In fact, I believe that Dean is very close to discovering the answer to that question.”
“A sign?” Dean was becoming worried that his brother was overworking himself.
“What idea?”
Morning” Sam retorted a little confused as to what he was witnessing.
"Oh, and just so we are clear, I'm not invalid so don't treat me like one. I've already talked to Sam and he has agreed to not treat me with kid gloves. I am still me but with an extra passenger. I get to be the one who decides if a hunt is too dangerous, understood?"
She turned from him before speaking, “After our last encounter, I did some reflecting within myself. At first, I had thought that you and Dean were sent to me as a way to eliminate evil on earth and bring peace to human kind. But I fear that quite the opposite is happening.”
The brothers shared a look before returning their attention back to Bobby. Sam chuckled nervously as Dean side smirked at Bobby.
“uh. . .yeah in the passenger side.”
He heard his brother’s response, “In the kitchen!”
Castiel was not having a good feeling about this but trusted Dean's judgement. Dean turned back around to Orandriel, "Okay, I agree to complete this mission. Now beam us up Scotty." He could see that she was not familiar with that reference and of course why would she be. "Cas and I are ready to go back."
Hours later, Dean showed up in front of the cabin he knew of hoping it was the one Garth was in. He turned off the engine when Garth exited the building. He exited the car as Garth grew closer. Garth already had him in a vice grip of a hug before even had a chance to close the car door. Dean tensed at the embrace hoping it wouldn’t stir up questions.
Sam fell into the chair next to the exam table in awe at the news. He looked from Dean then back to the picture before returning his gaze to his brother. He was going to use the time he had left before Dean woke up to figure out a way to tell him.
Dean sat up in surprise causing Cas to rash to the floor. Everything disappeared around him and he was zapped back to reality as he opened his eyes in the real world.
Sam and Dean reached in to pull him out and take him down to the basement. Once down there, they restrained him anyway imaginable to keep him put.
Sam sighed at his brother's behavior, “I’m not. I just think you should rest.”
Once he was done reading, he inquired to his brother, “So what do you think? Is it worth trying?” He turned the page to look at the drawing of the weapon and when he received no answer he looked up at Dean.
“Find anything that relates to your brother?”
“I don’t make the rules of the ve-”
Dean sat down on his bed, his head still spinning from the events of the day. He realized now that he may had been a little too rude to his brother when all he was trying to do was help. Dean was in denial, there was no doubt about that. He knew something was up all those weeks ago but never wanted to admit it to anyone.
“What?” Dean exasperated.
Dean sighed in exasperation, "Dude, I got it. I'll stay put."
"She still expects you to carry out her mission in your condition? Was he aware that any of this was going on?"
Dean jumped in, "That is something to be discussed later. Right now, lets focus on this."
Sam let out a sigh of frustration, “I found them and their meanings but it doesn’t make sense when they are used together. But I’ll keep you posted if anything changes.”
They loaded him into the trunk.
The phone went dead.
“A complex spell was performed on your brother. The mystic who performed the spell had to have known that your brother was carrying grace.” The doctor exited the room and returned with an ultrasound machine. He put gel on Dean’s stomach and placed the doppler over the gel. “Other than the recent bouts of pain, has your brother experienced any other symptoms?”
“Yes, sir.” replied Micka as he emptied his bag to show the results of his hunt.
