“That was nice of Pepper to arrange dinner,” Steve remarked.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, shaking his head and frowning. Tony looked down at him, his expression full of such regret it pulled at somewhere deep in Steve’s chest.  He wanted Tony to stop, swallow back the words, dispense with the thoughts and take him to bed, make him feel and forget, and let Steve wipe away whatever it was that troubled Tony this much.
“Happiness,” Steve interjected. “This,” Steve said, wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders and pulling his head down to Steve’s chest. “This is happiness.” Tony breathed out a long sigh against the pounding of Steve’s heartbeat echoing in his ear.
“Thanks,” Steve replied, then shook his head, mouth ticking up into a small smile.  “How were the waffles?”
You promised, he thought, hand fisting in the front of Steve’s shirt.
“Why? Because the King likes you,” Cam replied, tilting his head and giving Steve a look that said he thought Steve was rather slow, which Steve supposed with a sigh, might make Cam the more observant of the two of them.  “There’s food.  And then I’m to make you a bath.  Oh, there’s a bath!  You have to see it.  It’s got a cord I pull and the attendants just bring you hot water.  I don’t even have to carry it!  And, it’s enormous.  Huge.  The biggest tub you’ve ever seen, I swear! You could fit four people in there!”
“No.  Not all the time,” Tony grinned, clearly pleased at the banter, eyes twinkling as he gazed at Steve.
“Gorgeous,” Tony said, hefting one of Steve’s balls into his palm, rolling it a bit, tugging lightly, then giving it a good squeeze, drawing another garbled noise from Steve’s throat as he repeated the motions with the other one. Something about knowing what to expect made it worse. Better. Steve wasn’t sure. He couldn’t think. “You’re so beautiful like this,” Tony husked out, glancing up at Steve under hooded eyes. “You’d let me do anything I wanted to you, wouldn’t you?” he asked around a hum. “It’s the most amazing thing I have ever seen.”
It wasn’t any different.
, not really, and Steve would see the color high on his cheeks and the way his mouth flattened and his eyes drew together in a pretense of annoyance, and
Steve coughed, a low, wracking sound, and for a moment, Tony couldn’t figure out what was so off about it. Then he realized everything was wrong about it. He’d never heard Steve cough like that before. Hell, probably no one had in a good seventy or so years. “Okay, so they tinkered with the serum, huh,” Tony said, trying to keep his voice mild and even and quell the desire to just outright panic. Fuck. Fuck-ity, fuck, fuck, fuck. He could hear the undercurrent of worry threaded with fear in Steve’s carefully measured voice. It wouldn’t do any good for Tony to come unglued just because they were captured, and Steve was…well, whatever he was. Tony had pictures. Wait, better to rephrase that, he mentally corrected. Tony had seen pictures. Sure, those were in his private collection, but, the point was, he was well aware of what Steve had looked like before the serum. For research-y type reasons, he’d studied them. Because, science.
with him.  He doubted people would be talking about Tony much from now on.  Steve wasn’t sure if it would make Tony any happier if he knew that, but he liked to think that it might.
“I see you found your way back,” Tony slurred.  “Feel free to take a load off,” Tony suggested, pointing the tumbler of amber liquid at the bed.  “Hard day of unplanned bonding, SHIELD briefings, hormone-crazed Alphas, evil robot attacks and all that.  You can rank those according to suckitude, if you like.”
The creature looked at him a long time. Contemplative. Like it was mulling something over.  Then finally, its mouth twisted into a rueful grimace and it shrugged, then smiled, almost shyly, its eyes warm and fond on Steve.  It hummed agreeably through its gills and disappeared under the water again. Steve supposed that meant all was forgiven.
“Nat!” Steve called out.  “Wait, you can’t--what’s she doing?” he asked, turning to Bucky, who was watching his wife climb the building’s steps and pull open the door.
“It was,” Steve agreed, then smiled, the one he'd woken up to after the wormhole, the one that made him fucking feel those pieces of metal pressing at his heart, even if they were long gone.   Tony couldn’t help the rush of relief that went through him at that, at being the one to put that on Steve's face, a possessive sort of happiness filling him, like it was for him alone.  “It really was.  Thanks, Tony.  I know it was your party.  I shouldn’t have let you leave it, but—well. Thanks.  I’ll talk to Ms. Potts in the morning.  I’m sure she’ll understand.”
“He’s fine, Ma’am. He is…with me.  Sort of.  He had a bit of a, um, reaction, earlier, but it seems a lot more under control with the…suit…on,” Steve replied.  That made some sense, Tony thought.  The suit had its own air system, so whatever scent-whammy he’d been hit with earlier had probably largely dissipated, allowing him to come back to himself from whatever pheromone storm there had been.   Had he…he struggled to recall…he’d been standing there by Fury…Fury had said something…then Steve had said something…something nice…and then Steve had been there at the window…he looked up at the cracked glass…so, that might have not gone as Fury had hoped.  Or maybe it had.  Fury was shifty like that.  The important thing was that with the suit on, he was in control, his mind was not being ruled by some ridiculous biological imperative.
“Make him laugh.  He doesn’t do that so much anymore.  Not since you, really.  I thought it was the war, but…Make him feel like he’s part of something important.  He needs that.  Let him help you.  Talk to him, not to…not to convince him.  Just to talk to him,” Barnes said quietly, biting his lip.  “Me off with Nat.  He doesn’t have anyone.  Not like he used to, when it was the two of us.  Not like over there, where we had our guys, you know?  Then you get back here, and it’s all doctors and therapists, and they all just talk at you, not to you, like you’re this problem to be fixed so they can move on to the next one.  Talk to him about, you know, stuff that…makes him happy.”
The photographers had disappeared from the red carpet by the time he and Steve made their way down the steps.  A number of other guests were also waiting for their rides.  Tony kept himself plastered to Steve’s side while they waited for Happy.  Steve still hadn’t let go of his hand, and for that, Tony was eternally grateful.  He thought he might start shaking and never stop, but for Steve’s solid grip on his hand, keeping him together somehow.
Shelhead’s eyes were wide, his mouth tight, and he looked away as soon as Steve’s eyes fell on him.  His shoulders seemed to sag, even his tentacles drooped. Shellhead shook his head, almost violently, and slammed his fists against the edge of the
“Is that my bag?” Steve asked, pointing at a tan camouflage duffel sitting at Rhodey’s feet.
“Together,” Tony proclaimed, for the first time, his voice ringing solid and true. “We’ll do it together.”
, Steve thought, a stab of anguish punching the words into his gut.   He was failing (falling) at all of this, and somehow, Anthony, or the idea of him, anyway, had become tied up with everything in his head.  Maybe because the therapist had thrown the idea of Bonding out like some kind of lifeline, a magic pill to fix whatever was ailing him like the old tonic ads used to promise.  Whatever the reason, Steve had grabbed on and held, and he thought it might be the only thing keeping him here.
damn it.  It had.  He may be a needy bitch Omega, but he’d built something with scraps that had worked, and fuck Howard and his pathetic, jealous bullshit.  He wondered, in that moment, staring back at his father’s dark eyes in the hallway while raucous laughter spilled out of the billiards room, just how much of this was because Howard didn’t want him around, didn’t want his Omega son showing him up, and maybe, yeah, maybe this was a bit about punishment for being capable of doing that in the first place, he acknowledged with a piercing pain that sliced through his chest.  Wasn’t every day you learned just how much your father hated you.
“Please, no, please!” the girl shouted, though to no avail.  She was dragged off, her sobs trailing after her as Steve watched in horror.  There was nothing he could do, though he made himself look.  Made himself listen.  He had done this.  This was his fault.  Why couldn’t he just have let it go?  He was about to leave. There had been nothing to gain, except some small boon to what little pride he still had, and now, she would suffer for it.  He had no doubt that Rumlow would make sure of that.  He could at least not look away from it, Steve told himself as he stared.  His eyes stung.  Bile surged in his throat and his stomach roiled.  If there had been food there, he would have retched, but as it was, he only managed a choking, dry heave of blood-stained spittle that dripped down his chin and onto his chest.
He was fairly certain that was true. He wanted the money, at least. He wanted to be able help Brock and stop being such a dead weight. He wanted to help his friends, and God knew, he wasn’t going to get there showing drunk frat boys to the street in front of Rollins’ bar when they got a little too handsy with some of the ladies. This was a good thing.  A real opportunity to help.  Doing this, even if it felt a little strange, it was something that could change their lives overnight for the better. How could he not do it? People would kill for a night with Tony Stark, and here he was worrying himself an ulcer over getting paid for it.  He was being ridiculous just because of some kind of puritanical, outdated romantic notions.  Like Brock said, it was just one night.  One night, and it would be over, and they would be set.
“It’s been like ten minutes since we said ‘I do.’  Again,” Tony pointed out with a low chuckle.  “Missed you, too,” he admitted, pressing his head against Steve’s shoulder as they walked along the hallway of Tony’s Hampton’s estate, which was currently hosting a few hundred of their closest friends celebrating what Steve and Tony were privately calling a vow renewal, but which most of New York seemed to think of as the best Cinderella story they’d heard since Cindy lost her Louboutin.
“Are you…okay?” Steve asked. “You sold the Tower.  I know we talked about it, but…I saw an article about, well.  The whole announcement thing. I wasn’t sure--”
“I do not understand this reference. Him-bo,” the alien said.
, he thought, and it lingered for a while at the tip of his mind.  Tony’s answering smile was gentle. Reassuring.
God-dammit, Tony thought viciously.  He’d bought a suit.  The guy had bought a suit for his mother’s funeral because he had wanted something nice.  An extravagance, probably picked something he thought she would have liked, and now he was standing here in Tony’s hotel suite, looking more uncomfortable and ready to bolt as he tugged at the lapels of his suit coat than he had on that stage without a scrap of material between him and all the eyes watching him, caught up in this insane scheme on nothing more than Tony’s word, and wasn’t that a hell of a thing?
It was probably a good thing, really, now that he had a bit of distance from it and could think clearly.  Them going their separate ways so cleanly without any messy good-bye.  He had Brock, and Tony had… actually, Steve had the impression that Tony was between relationships, though he hadn’t asked directly.  He just didn’t figure Tony to be the kind of partner who stepped out.  Not even a one-time mistake when he was drunk or… something.  Steve didn’t think Tony would do that.  He probably wouldn’t be okay with his partner sleeping with someone else, either, but, well… easy for him to say when he obviously didn’t need the money.
.  He was starting to truly, deeply hate seeing it there on the floor of the jet, smeared by too many footsteps.
“If it were not you, and you simply…heard of an Omega being admitted to MIT with the fully backing of his or her Alpha, what would you think about that relationship?” Jarvis asked.
“Is this about the paperwork?” Steve replied, still frowning at Tony, though the look was punctuated by a tight, worried weariness that made Tony's chest constrict with phantom pain.
“Repeat after me:  the eagles are not special ops, the eagles are not special ops,” Tony intoned evenly, then broke face and bit his lower lip, trying and failing to hold back another laugh.
those hard days, exactly, even if he hadn’t understood them.  Sometimes, Steve had just needed to chill out, everyone did, right?  And it just so happened that often meant hanging with Tony, which that part had been nice, Tony could admit.  Stupidly nice. Really, really stupidly nice, Tony thought with a sigh.  Ty never wanted to just hang out. They always had to be doing something.  Creating, inventing, talking about how they were going to remake the world, talking about how great their ideas were.  Well, mainly Ty’s ideas, since Tony didn’t really have anything all that great yet, though Ty was helping. At least Ty understood what Tony was talking about. That was something.  Even if he didn’t ask questions or ever sound amazed.
friend is just trying to do right by you,” Tony said. “Seriously, I’ll send you a playlist.  All the best.  I’m—here,” he said, taking out his phone again.  “I’m having JARVIS do it right now.  Yeah, J, just throw my most played on there, would you?  Oh God,” he stopped, looking up in horror at Steve.
“Yes,” Steve answered simply.  That much was true, at least.
“Listen…whatever—whatever happens tonight, it’ll be okay.  Just—you’ll be okay,” Steve husked out, trying to sound like he was sure of it.
“Charles, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” Steve replied.
He really should look at putting himself out there in the job market again after he finished school.  Maybe even try for an internship.  Those were highly competitive, but Sam was right, he had a great service record, and a bunch of people who were out now and working in the private sector who knew him.  Surely someone in the defense industry was doing something beyond just building a better bomb.
“They might find that a bit more of a challenge than anticipated,” Tony replied coolly, reaching out to stroke his hand down the side of Steve’s head, pressing the cool metal against his skin.  Tony’s eyes were on him, amused, yes, but something else.  Something harder edged.  When Tony looked back over at Strucker, Steve watched the Marshall wince, his throat bobbing as he swallowed and sat back, hunching his shoulders like a wounded dog.
“Shmidt,” Tony added, voice tinged with tension.  “We heard tales.  Even here. Rumors, really.  Stories carried across the waters by sailors and trader, most of which couldn’t possibly be true, but…the camps…”
He pulled the car door open and shrugged into his seat, hunching down and glancing up out of the frosted windshield. He could go back up. No, he couldn't, he'd promised Rhodey, and there was a lawyer between him and Steve now, anyway. And if he did, he knew full well that Rhodey was more right than he wanted to admit. Walking away now was threading the eye of the needle as it was. If he went back up there, he wasn't going to just be able to leave.
“Almost like a real date,” Steve supplied, giving Tony a quick look before dropping his gaze to put away the paints and finish cleaning the brushes as best he could on the rag he was fairly sure was one of Bucky’s newfound towels.
The limo door sprang open, jarring Steve back to reality.  A stocky man in a chauffeur’s outfit stood holding the handle.  “Evening, Boss,” he said pleasantly.  “Sir,” he nodded in Steve’s direction.  And, ok, that…was weird.  He wondered briefly how often Tony’s chauffeur dealt with one of Tony’s evening guests.  By the studiously neutral expression he wore, probably fairly often.
“Are you sure?” Steve challenged. Tony grinned, bit his lip, eyes gleaming and breath coming in pants.  Steve felt himself returning the smile, something like pride bursting in his chest at Tony’s unwillingness to give up so easily.
Most of all, there was Tony.  Kind, smart, beautiful, funny Tony, who loved Steve with a depth that sometimes took Steve’s breath away.  He knew it, even if Tony didn’t speak the words aloud.  It was in every action, every cadence of Tony’s voice, every stroke of his hand, every look that lingered and softened.  Tony’s attention and devotion was a warm, glowing beacon that Steve gravitated towards, the same as everyone else did, demanding so little in return.  Loving Tony was the simplest and most wondrous thing Steve had ever done.  It came like breathing.  Done without thought, but an absolute, a necessity, and something he couldn’t stop, even if he tried.
“You should let me paint you,” Steve offered suddenly.
allow it.”
“God, shit, Steve, no.  I’m—I’m doing this all wrong, I know, I know, I’m--” Tony broke off.  “Sorry. Sorry, it’s not you or anything with us or—
Actually, a puff of dust to the face would have been far better than the brick wall that slammed into him, knocking his breath out of his lungs, when he looked down and saw his own face smiling back at him. It was a picture from his birthday, him in one of those shiny, cone-shaped hats with the elastic band around his chin, curly hair sticking out at all angles, a party horn cocked jauntily between his lips as he grinned at the camera. Underneath that photo were others, some of just him, some of him and Steve, some with the whole gang. Most he recognized. They’d once graced the wall above Steve’s mattress, a mishmashed collage of their lives that was better to look at than any artwork he’d ever seen.
“Mutuality clause?” he repeated in question.
“Gravity works,” Tony observed mildly while Steve worked himself towards what was probably going to be an epic rant against Newton’s Law.  “Well, you’re the one who did it.  Don’t look at me like that.  Here,” Tony said, handing Steve another one from the package.  “I just want you to know, this is pretty much the opposite of the reward system you have in place for the rest of us.”  Steve made another series of noises, then shoved the breadstick in the vague direction of Tony’s mouth.
“Mr. Rogers?” the woman said.
“This Omega would apologize to this Alpha for this Omega’s disrespect and disobedience,” Anto signed.  “This Omega is not controlled by this man of the Others. This Omega’s failures are this Omega’s fault, because this Omega is slow to learn, as this Alpha knows.  This man of the Others was very sick. Near death. This Omega’s duty as healer was to help this man of the Others, but he is well now, and this man of the Others should go so that this Omega may not be so distracted and may try to be a good Omega for this Alpha.”
“I mean…did he say anything about what happened with the…with the memories,” Steve asked.
“You could do with an upgrade to image-intensified TV for your laser-guided munitions,” Tony called out over his shoulder, where Thing One or Thing Two, he couldn’t remember who was who, tapped out something on a tablet.  “And synthetic aperture radar that can operate in spotlight and strip modes.  Seriously, was this designed by Amish with some kind of moral objection to advanced technology?  Clue, was it delivered by covered wagon?  Think back.”
“Tony,” Steve said with a thread of admonishment.  “Come on. You can tell me, you know.”
“Thank you,” Steve said.
“Modeled after biological evolution.  Basically, when he encounters something new, he has to pick a series of instructions at random, then check the results.  Because he can process things so fast, he can do thousands of these computations in very little time, so he figures out which one works best,” Tony explained.  “Each time he figures out what works best in a situation, he can analogize next time he encounters a situation with similar parameters, and this cuts the number of instructions he needs to try out.  Gets faster and faster each time, as he learns.”
“Punch it, J,” Tony ordered, feeling the suit spring to life.
‘See? I know you do,” Bruce smiled wanly.  “Now, stop trying to bait me, Tony, you know how I feel about all this.”
“I—we,“ Tony started dumbly, his whole body vibrating, heart banging out a rhythm in his chest, filling his ears with pounding.  “We’re not dating,” he blurted out, then winced as Steve’s whole body seemed to deflate, losing whatever energy had been momentarily animating him.  “I mean, we’re not actually dating, but…but, I want to.  I would.  With the dating,” Tony stammered quickly.
Tony was just staring mutely at him, and Steve was left with that feeling of the sands shifting under his feet again.  No solid ground to be had here.
“Can you let Happy know that I’m ready to go home?” Steve asked.
“This is great, Tony,” Steve declared earnestly.  “Thank you.  You didn’t have to go to all this trouble.”
“The arch is too low for the crossbowman to reload and rotate efficiently,” Steve said, feeling the certainty of it click.
Tony blinked owlishly at him, then walked over to the dun-colored loveseat and flopped down, leaning his elbows against his knees and cradling his head in his hands. He didn't realize he was rocking back and forth until his knee hit the edge of the coffee table, making the textbook bounce hard enough to flip over a page.
“Fucking Rourke, man?  Come on.  I’m Statham, if anyone,” Barnes argued, nudging his elbow into Sam’s side.
“And he does it well. We have a legion of Ross’ men, along with half of Matt’s garrison, and the protection of the Ul, who, for whatever I think of him personally, is not to be trifled with out here,” Tony replied. “It will be fine.”
“See, I knew you had an ulterior motive for insisting I come down here,” Bruce interrupted with a grimace, though not without some understanding behind it.
Steve nodded once, and Tony shifted out of the way so he could maneuver around the table, still piled with the remains of their dinner, to get back to his bed.  He sat down heavily on the side, looked up at Tony, then put his head in his hands, hunching his shoulders over and making himself seem small in a way that Steve should never be.
Steve wasn’t sure what that meant, until he found himself chained to the back of the wagon, forced to walk behind as it trundled away from the port, following in the wake of the Lord’s carriage, a smaller one for his servants, another wagon loaded with goods and a host of outriders flanking them.  At least they moved his arms in front of him, though they left the length of heavy chain between his ankles, making each step that much more difficult.  Move, he told himself, as the wagon jerked him forward.  There wasn’t really any other option.  His legs still hurt from being strung up for so long this morning and shook with the effort.  Even at that slow pace, he had to hurry to keep up.  Every motion of the wagon pulled at his already sore arms.  A few hours in, and he was desperate for something to drink.  His throat tasted of the sand and grit that spewed off the wheels of the wagon.  He wanted to stop, rest, anything, but if he did, he wasn’t sure if he could get up again.  So, he kept moving.  One foot in front of the other.
Two days later, as he rode in the back of the limo over to SHIELD’s West Coast headquarters where the meeting with Captain Rogers was supposed to take place, Tony thought his mom might have won at least one round.  Yesterday had been filled with one appointment after the other filing through the mansion with their lotions, oils and colognes, waxes and powders, scented shampoos and designer clothes, making sure Tony looked the part, down to the white lace underwear that kept trying to creep its way up his ass like it had its own secret mission to pave the way.
“Apparently,” Nat shrugged her shoulders as she ran.
Steve could feel his cheeks heat, though why, he couldn’t say exactly. The man had seen him naked, after all. Hell, he still had a hundred dollar bill folded in his wallet from their last encounter, but here he was, shifting between feet while Stark stared at him, mouth opening and closing once before he shot a somewhat annoyed glance over his shoulder where Ms. Potts was watching him with a smirk from the doorway of the bedroom.
“Mine as well.  A soldier, at least, though not a knight,” Steve replied. Rhodes slowed and looked Steve’s way, then back at the guards.  He reached out to place a hand on Steve’s arm, urging him to slow as well.  Rhodes opened his mouth, stopped, a grimace twisting it, and closed it again.
“Tell them you have nothing to be ashamed about,” Bucky suggested.
“The Realm needs both,” Steve kept on as if Tony hadn’t spoken. “I know that, but I need—“ Steve stopped, his voice catching in his throat. “I need you to be those things for me when I cannot.”
I think I’ll always love you, Tony thought.  Maybe not this same way.  Maybe I’ll shush you when you tell war stories to strangers.  But, I’ll love you. That won’t change.
“You going to tell me what’s really going on here?” Barnes asked, raising an eyebrow at Steve and looking between him and Tony.  “Then,” he said into Steve’s silence, “I guess I’ll be going by myself.”
Steve turned and dug a hand into his pocket.  Tony felt the cabin door hit his back as Steve fumbled at the lock, one hand still under Tony, keeping him steady, mouth working its way down the column of Tony’s throat until Tony felt the flat of Steve’s tongue licking at the hollow at the base.  He wrapped his arms around Steve’s head, winding his hands into Steve’s hair and holding him there.  He opened his eyes for a moment and looked up at the light that hung just outside the cabin door.  The bulb was dark now, but a moth sat on the fixture, waiting for the light it knew would come. A splintering crack echoed sharply in Tony’s ears, followed by a rush of air, and he slowly turned his head.  The front door had bounced off the sofa and landed between it and the coffee table.  It was missing a knob, which was still in Steve’s hand.
“Not a problem.  Anything wrong?” Tony asked.
Hadn’t that been how this whole fucked-up thing got started?  Tony pushing Steve’s buttons, moving the playing field to something far more in Tony’s own territory, something he could give that he knew would be accepted, even if not entirely welcomed.  He could make Steve feel, make Steve want him, even if Steve didn’t want to, but what was the point?  There was no way this ended in something…else, though when he tried to name that blank, black space where an alternative to pain and disappointment might live, there was nothing there.
Tony was surprisingly quiet the whole time, though he occasionally made a low humming noise as he worked the knots out of Steve’s shoulders and neck.  Steve could hear his throat clicking when he swallowed, as if he kept almost speaking and then deciding against it.
He looked over at Steve with a slight smirk.  Across the room, Steve could see Tony’s dark head bent over the table between a crowd of people gathered around him.  Steve shoved the rest of his chips onto the Hard Eight box, watching as Stane raised his brows and nodded, almost in appreciation.
He was half way to seriously considering reaching for his phone when his head snapped up. Honestly, his first impulse when he heard the key grate into the lock was to hide, which was both ridiculous and impractical, given the relative lack of hiding spots in Steve's tiny closet of an apartment. Steve shuffled in, wearing the same set of work clothes he'd been wearing the other day when Tony ambushed him on the street, ground to a stop and gaped wide-eyed at Tony for a moment, looking around the rest of the apartment uncertainly, like someone might jump out and shout 'Worst Surprise Ever,' at any moment.
“I am not judging him.  I want to…help,” Steve finished, feeling the air go out of his chest at their looks.
So, sure, he had maybe noticed that Steve’s absence seemed to coincide with the whole radio thing.  But, really, Steve’s room had just been on his way to…uh…the hallway or something, ah, fuck it, so, yeah, maybe he’d wanted to check in, make sure Steve wasn’t lost in some man-out-of-time funk or something.  But, Steve had been fine, thanking him profusely for the recordings and shaking his head in a bit of misplaced self-deprecation at how he had been depicted.  He said Peggy enjoyed listening to—well, mocking—them, leaving Tony feeling oddly buoyant as Steve followed him down the hallway to the common room.  Tony found himself promising to bring Steve what other memorabilia his dad might have stored somewhere, as if he didn’t know exactly where it all was and have a catalog of the entire collection on his private server.  Steve lit up at that though, and things seemed to settle back into the push and pull of whatever this strange routine was between them.  Being friends with Steve was a bit like catching sight of something out of the corner of his eye.  It was there, and he could see it when he really looked, but he could never seem to have all of it at once.
“I’d like to make a donation to your fund, then,” Steve offered, all easy smiles and camaraderie now. Captain America mode, Tony thought to himself, and shook his head.
“In my defense, it was dark and that thing was creepy as hell,” Barnes recalled.
“What? No! Would you stop that?” Steve demanded, running a frustrated hand through his hair.
Just as soon as the check cleared.
“So,” she started in her familiar clipped, serious tone that usually meant she was going to tell him about dividends and quarterly earnings and probably use letters like SEC, and not mean the fun kind that involved guys in tight pants slapping each other on the ass.
"Lawyer voodoo, whatever, I don't know," Tony shrugged.
He wasn’t quite ready to get out of bed yet.  Getting out of bed meant facing a day of—of something.  Dealing with Steve, he supposed.  Whatever that meant, and hell, after last night, who the hell knew what that meant? Not him, that was for sure.  He was…disconcerted, Tony’s mind settled on the word after picking around for a moment.
“How do you know?” Tony demanded, turning back to face Steve. “How do you know?  Because I–” he broke off as Steve reached over and wrapped his hand around Tony’s, then tapped a finger on the plastic bottle of dish soap Tony was clutching like a lifeline.
“No—just—forget it. Forget I said anything.  It doesn’t matter.  I’m good, Steve’s good, everything’s good.  I got—there’s all this to do, and now with SHIELD and the company, maybe.  I don’t know.  It’s a life, Jarvis.  A good life.  It’s…” Tony trailed off, his suddenly burning gaze dropping back down to his new coffee mug.
“Guess it's all classified stuff, huh?” Tony said.
“Open,” Steve ordered, and that’s what it was, his Captain’s voice, the kind that told generals and Presidents what to do and expected them to listen.  A flare of heat bloomed deep inside Tony.  His cock jumped against the sodden mess of the panties.
“So, it did go pretty good then,” Bucky said, nodding his face back and forth with a sort of considering expression.
“I know this will come as a shock to you, but I was often
“Will do,” Steve promised, feeling a smile tug at the corner of his mouth as he heard the click of Natasha disconnecting the line.
That was...definitely perfect. Mostly. Almost. It was. It was just...odd. But, good-odd. Definitely odd of the good variety.
“So, it seems like Captain Rogers’ Omega will be staying, then,” Coulson said from his vantage point just behind Tony with a bit more equanimity than the tense silence seemed to warrant.
This might end very badly.  He could just let this go, take the money and figure something out in the meantime.  But, he wanted to see Tony, get some kind of answers.  If Tony only cared about the sex, then why pay for nights when Steve wasn’t even out there?  Why would he care whether Steve had other clients or not?  What he needed was a plan.
“He will be,” Cam assured him.  “He spends his nights in his workshop, I told you.  Rattling the servants’ ears for more of that brew he drinks,” Cam added, making the same face of disgust he’d made when Tony allowed him a sip of the bitter concoction.  “Or wine. Always more wine,” Cam said with a slight frown.  “It is not good for him.  Too much of it.  My mother said it hollows out men’s insides a little at a time until there is a big hole there, and a shadow spirit might see the space and think, this is a good place for me to stay, and so it will enter the man when he sleeps and live there, as long as there is space.”
“It’s fine,” Tony murmured.  “No, really, it’s—it’s fine. Surprisingly fine, actually,” Tony said with a flat smile that didn’t reach his eyes.  “It’s easier. With you here. I don’t know,” he added, glancing up at Steve. “I’m so used to dealing with all of this on my own--I mean, Pepper, Rhodey, they help--but...this is different. You.  It’s different.”
“Yeah,” Tony squeaked out in surprise, feeling relief flow through him, leaving him almost giddy, as if he’d been holding his breath and finally got air.  “Thai tomorrow,” he repeated.
“Come on, that was funny.  You can admit it.  I’m working it here, and you’re being unappreciative of my nude conversational skills,” Kirk groused.  “You think this is what they do at those nudist camps?  Talk and not look down?”
“Rebecca Davis, CNN,” another reporter announced as she stood. “Mr. Stark, you have to at least acknowledge that your behavior of late has given rise to cause for concern among SI’s Board, as well as the issues with investors. We’ve all heard the rumors.”
Steve winced at the name, then looked down and nodded.   Checked his watch. Adjusted the jacket of the tuxedo Peggy had supplied him with for the evening’s gala.  It was something to do, other than thinking about this being Howard’s house. Tony’s now, he mentally corrected.  Something to do other than thinking about Stane. Steve’s hand curled into a fist on the top of his tuxedo trousers again, and he forced himself to relax, let out a low breath and looked over at Peggy.
“Sure, sure, climb in. Oh, ah, you might have to move stuff around. There was a delivery and the guy at SHIELD said they couldn’t take it, but it was to come to you, Mr. Stark. I got most of it in the trunk, but there were a few things that wouldn’t fit, so I had to shove them in the back,” Happy explained.
“We’re at an industrial park.  In Vegas. It’s basically the Upside Down,” Rhodey replied as he looked out the window at the parking lot with its faded, white stripes and walkways split with indomitable weeds.
“All of them,” Steve replied.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve said. He reached up to brush the sweat-soaked hair off Tony’s forehead and pressed his lips there.  That was one of Steve’s signals. It meant Good Tony, he decided. He nudged at Steve with his nose and bared his neck. That meant Good Steve. Steve would learn, he thought.  Steve sat back and undid the ties of his breeches, shoving them down. His cock jutted out from the thatch of dark, coarse hair.
“You could tell me more about how amazing microwaves are,” Tony suggested with a wicked grin.  “Coulson said you popped like twenty bags of popcorn one time.”
Tony laughed, low and rough and out of breath, and he closed his eyes for a moment before opening them to look at Steve.  His gaze was warm, full of a gentle fondness that made Steve’s chest tighten and his stomach curl.
Steve could hear the lie, but didn’t challenge it.  They wouldn’t talk about it. The time wouldn’t come.  His secret was valuable to Fury in some unfathomable way.  Part of some chess match Fury was playing where Steve was a piece to move around, and Anthony… Anthony probably didn’t even register as a pawn.
“Oh!” Tony shouted, sounding almost surprised as his cock jerked in Steve’s hand and spurted a long stream of white across Steve’s arm and belly.
Kudos are most appreciated. Comments give me life.  Thank you all for reading.
Tony cleared his throat.  “You know, it occurs to me that one, having other people over here tonight was a terrible idea, and two, that the faster we get out there, the faster we can be done and get back here.”
“What is the other?” Steve asked.  “Your version?”
“Isn’t Clint supposed to be keeping an eye on Capsicle tonight?” Tony asked, watching more people cluster around Steve.  Moths to the fucking flame, he thought in annoyance.
“But, it’s not,” Barnes said flatly, looking over at Tony, who forced himself to bite back a reply.
“So, that was fun.  Who knew solving my company’s existential crisis just required mutilating a perfectly good bagel?” Tony huffed out as they exited.
“He’s pretty pissed, that’s an urban legend, and I’m hanging up now,” Rhodey said, and Tony heard the click against his ear, followed a minute or so later by the sound of booted footfalls outside the apartment door.
“I don’t like rats, okay? They have those long, naked tail things,” Rhodey said with a shudder.
“You were going to tell me,” Tony repeated listlessly.
He rolled over onto his side facing the closet and took the pillow with him, peeking out from the top of it at the stack of books that sat against the wall.  Six books on World War II.  Two biographies of Kennedy.  One of Churchill.  One of Patton.  Two of Stalin.  One on Hitler stuck on the bottom of one of the stacks with pages so pristinely pressed together that Tony could tell it was untouched.  Three books on Vietnam.  Korean War, Gulf War, blah, blah, war, not-a-war, blah, blah, and so on.
“Speaking of,” Tony said, stepping forward and holding up the six iron and golf ball in his hand.  “How far do you suppose you could hit this?  I’m asking for science.”
“You’re trying to put this all on your shoulders, Tony, but I was the one that made the decision to do this.  It was my choice, and you’re trying to take that away from me and twist it up into something for you to feel guilty about, but that wasn’t anything to do with you, Tony.  Lots of people have to make decisions without many options. That doesn’t mean they aren’t responsible for their own choices.  And it was hardly your responsibility to see all that the first night we met and decide to fix it.  You’re looking to blame yourself for something that you had no control over, and I’m not going to let you do that,” Steve said resolutely.
“Ah, Tony,” Steve said around a sigh.  “You don’t need me to see.  Not for this.  You know what you’re doing.  You’ve known since you chose—what did you say?  Something big for fifteen minutes?  Look, I’m not going to pretend that I like the idea of you putting yourself on the line.  I’ve seen the schematics for your armor, Tony.  Civilian non-combatant? I may not be anywhere close to your level, but I know enough to know what I’m looking at, Tony.  Where this is headed,” Steve said.
Unfortunately, anxiety crashed into him almost as soon as he walked out of the main entrance and headed down the wide, stone steps and past the hot dog vendor carts that dotted the sidewalk in front of the museum.  Obviously, he had to tell Brock what he’d done.  It wasn’t like he could keep that a secret forever, though he had a bit of time to think over what he wanted to say.
“You don’t even know me,” Tony protested, his mouth twisting and flattening.  “Ask anyone. I am not that guy.”
Steve stared at him, hearing his heart tick off each beat against his ribs.  He wasn’t sure what to think or what to say. It was only a handful of men. It meant nothing, Tony was right.  Except, it didn’t quite feel like nothing. Steve couldn’t name what it did feel like, but not nothing.
He carefully pulled himself loose of Tony’s hand and sat up.  His clothes were where he’d folded them earlier, so he got up and quickly got dressed.  He stood there in the middle of the room for a moment, not entirely sure what he was supposed to do.  Tony was still asleep, and he hated to wake him, but the thought of just leaving didn’t sit well with him either.  He didn’t think Tony would mind.  In fact, Tony actually never walked him out or even watched him leave once they were done for the night.  He’d thought it odd at first, sitting out in the living room while Jarvis alerted Happy to bring the car around, but now it was just a part of the ritual.
been snooping.  Leaving the door open just eased Tony’s conscious a bit the next time, because he had known there would be a next time.
to.  Carefully, Steve walked towards the door.  When he reached it, he hesitated a moment, then knocked, twice, and waited.
These images kept presenting themselves to his mind, fully formed, like someone put them on a flash drive and plugged it into Tony’s head.  He could page through them in his head.  An old-fashioned mental Rolodex of curling up against Steve’s side on the couch while they watched a move, reaching up to brush his hand through Steve’s hair, resting his head on Steve’s thigh while Steve got outsmarted by the mutant fish that stocked their lake…Now he could add climbing into Steve’s lap to his growing list.
“Ah.  Good,” Tony smiled.  “That’s good.”  He looked for a moment like he was going to say something more, but then went back to ritualistically picking at his breakfast without actually managing to eat much, something Steve had seen him do each time they ate together.
Tony choked on the fish and started coughing, reaching for the glass of water and downing a long drink.
“Tony.  This guy, he pulls me out from under a Hum-Vee, and whatever went down in Gulmira, he’s here, isn’t he?  Helping out.  Not trying to get rich or screw you over or figure out how he can climb out of whatever hole he’s in on your back or your dime, but just because he thinks it’s worth sticking his neck out? That says something.  And, now, you know I’d take my clothes off for you,” Rhodey said, lifting his eyebrows and giving Tony a look.
“He was careful, smart, and preyed on your trust, Tony, the way all men like that do,” Steve retorted.
“I’m sorry.  That’s all the information I have right now. I have to go, Tony.  I’ll be in touch when I know more,” Coulson said. The line went dead, but it didn’t stop Tony from shouting Coulson’s name a few times in case he could somehow Carol Anne the damned message through the void.  He tried the number again until it went to voicemail. Then again.  Then again.
“I know I said...but, I mean, this is, ah.  This is, you know, a lot of trust happening here, and I didn’t really think you meant, when you did the mind meld thingy with the powerpoint show of my life in pictures, I wasn’t really thinking...this, so,” Tony stammered.  He paused and watched the alien for a long moment as a series of emotions seemed to sweep across his--okay, fine--across his seriously, unfairly gorgeous features. It really wasn’t helping Tony’s decision making process that the alien looked like he stepped off the front page of intergalactic Grindr.
“Hmmm,” Tony hummed, still seemingly fascinated with running his hand leisurely up and down Steve’s torso, drawing maddeningly close to Steve’s cock again without touching it.  In seeming protest, it kept rising, chasing Tony’s hand until it was pressing against Steve’s stomach, laying there in the thatch of dark blonde hair that covered his groin.  “You know I have—there’s scarring…if you prefer, I could—“
“You were perfect, Steve.  So good for me.  You did so good.  Relax.  I’ve got you,” Tony murmured, hands still roaming across Steve’s skin where he shook.
Everything that had been building since he got Steve’s message, building for days, really, ever since Steve left, it all slammed into him at once.  His body went taut, hips jerking wildly, making Steve’s fingers lose their rhythm before Steve got a hand on Tony’s hip, holding him steady as streams of come coated the front of Steve’s uniform.  Red, white and blue-balled no more, Tony thought, somewhat hysterically.  Spots danced in his vision.  Another rush of slick gushed out, wetting Steve’s hand and leaking down the crease of Tony’s ass onto the bed.
In return, Tony bought Steve a collection of Hot Wheels cars and suggested he feel free to heft those off the deck if a sudden burst of car-tossing overcame him.  Tony could still remember how Steve’s face had gone from slack, confused shock to a slowly widening grin that turned into a full-bodied laugh, the kind that shook Steve’s whole body and left him gasping for breath.  The kind that Tony only rarely got to hear.  That laugh somehow felt like a greater accomplishment than unlocking the mysteries of the universe with Professor Thorne.  One was knowledge, there for the taking by anyone, really.  The other…the other belonged only to him.  He thought.
Steve smiled what he hoped was a comforting smile.  “I was hoping to meet with the Director of Marketing about some of the Avengers merchandising?  Mr. Stark suggested I take a quick look.  Actually, he was meeting with her earlier...” Steve let it trail off into a question because he was pretty sure things hadn’t changed so much in the twenty-first century that you could just ask the receptionist if her supervisor had gone off to have an afternoon quickie with the  boss.   He’d probably been shown a video about that at some point with one of those giant red circles with a line through it over just that scenario.
“How am I still sitting here?” Tony demanded, looking around the small, windowless interrogation room at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.   “They don’t have any proof of anything.”
A slight exaggeration, perhaps, Steve thought, feeling a fond smile tug at his lips even as his back protested the horse’s movements, but he had no doubt that keeping Tony appraised of what was happening here was on the list of duties assigned to Fury’s commandos, though he only hoped to the gods that it was Jones and not Dugan, with his excessive love for gory detail, who had the unenviable task of writing the letters. He’d asked Gabe to write of their departure the morning after he’d made the decision, attaching the message to Redwing’s leg himself. The bird had held his foot out somewhat disdainfully after Steve practically pleaded with the usually eager bird, giving Steve a baleful look as he hooked the small, metal cylinder just above the bird’s foot. He almost felt as if even the bird was annoyed at length of the campaign and his regular flights to and from the Castle where he had a comfortable roost in Sam’s room near the rookery and steady supply of fat Castle mice on whom to dine.
“I can see how you would have thought my blind date being Tony Stark might have come up, but, sadly, no.  She didn’t,” Steve ground out, then realized he had picked the slice of bread to pieces.  Well.  Buttering it bite by bite, it was, then, he thought with a resolute sigh. He looked up and caught Stark watching him with an intent, questioning gaze, the same one Steve had seen on Stark’s face when he was working out some problem with more letters than numbers in it or figuring out some piece of machinery that wasn’t cooperating the way he wanted.  Iron Man said Stark spent a lot of time in his workshop in the Tower or back at his home in California, that Stark liked it there, with the quiet and just him and his machines and a
(See the end of the chapter for
He couldn’t lie to himself though.  He missed afternoons spent with his charcoals spread out and sketchbook in his lap while Tony chattered incessantly about whatever tech he was working on, movie nights, things that had become so rote that he’d taken them for granted.  Now, faced with life sans Tony, he felt…adrift.  Moving through life without actually experiencing anything.   Just going from one point on the grid to the next.  He found himself turning to share a joke with empty space or waiting for an explanation of some pop culture reference that wasn’t coming because no one noticed he hadn’t shared in the laughter.  When had Tony’s presence become such an overwhelming part of his life to such an extent that trying to limit his time with Tony seemed limit everything else?
“Wow.  Scintillating conversation there, Steve.  Thanks,” Tony replied with a roll of his eyes and a frustrated grimace.
Takes place during Chapters 3 and 4 of Poster Child.  Thank you for your patience as I got distracted by Gift with Purchase and the fun of writing hooker!Steve.  As always, thank you for reading, commenting and kudo-ing. I am deeply humbled.  This fandom is so awesome.
“Counting stars instead of sheep?” Steve asked with a hint of bemusement.
“Me, too.  Nervous, I mean,” Tony admitted, looking down at his own black-gloved hands.  “Speaking of things that give me the heebie-jeebies, you said Boris and Natasha got hitched last year, right?  Surprised it took them that long."
“Yeah.  Nice,” Steve said.
“Steve,” Tony breathed out, pleading now.
Reserved for higher ranking concubines, a portion of the bottom of the compound was carved out into large bathing pools, some heated, some cooled, a tile-covered room where a basin of water sat over a small stove, filling the room with currents of steam as thick as a cloud, and attendants to assist with soaping, shampooing, shaving, dyeing and other tasks.  It was a far cry from the introduction Steve had received upon his arrival, though Steve had only been down there once, during his aborted tour of the compound that found him sent away from the red doors and the road to the castle gates that lay beyond them.
Someone
“Okay,” Steve breathed out, and the moment, whatever it was, passed.  Steve gave him a quick smile, took his hand, and led him done the hallway towards the exit.
“We wait,” Rhodey said, turning around to lean against the door, feet braced out in front of him.
Steve thought, maybe, some part of him had known the truth or some version of it that his mind could comprehend this whole time.  Ever since the night on the road, he had been different.  Felt different.  Whole, in a way that he had never felt before.  Unafraid, for one thing.  Unafraid, and...he thought that was perhaps the last time he had been truly lonely, that night on the road, running from something in the woods and running into something that by all rights should have been far worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was just really nice that his Alpha was taking care of him.
“Hey Sam.  Um…I was actually wondering if I could crash on your sofa tonight?” Steve asked, shuffling his feet a bit and feeling somewhat ridiculous for essentially running away in a fit of pique.
“You said…you said that it wasn’t about the money.  You just liked being with me,” Tony repeated.  And yeah, Steve did remember that, though still couldn’t see how this was related.  It obviously was in Tony’s mind though, so he just waited it out.
His dreams were filled with strange images, all mixed in together. Memories, some of them, replaying in his mind like he was watching one of Howard’s old movie reels.  Things he was sure he had never seen before, though he had no idea if they were real or something his subconscious made up to process everything that had happened to him.  They twisted and intermixed with his own memories, until he could barely keep up with what was his dream and what was...something else. Tony was aware, in the dream, that he was dreaming, except he wasn’t really sure that he actually was, in fact, dreaming.  It wasn’t like any other dream he had ever had. The detail was too crisp in places, the feelings associated with the images, too real.
“Borrow,” Steve corrected.
“Oh, nothing, nothing,” Fury said in a placating tone.  “Good family. Howard—the father—he’s in the weapons business, as I’m sure you know. Small company, but they make some decent stuff, or so I’m told. He’s got some pull, a few connections in D.C., but…” he continued, spreading his hands wide.  “Can’t say I know much about the boy. I’ve only met him a few times.”
“We’re doing a lot of Scooby-Doo level shit here lately, Tony,” Rhodey said in a low voice, tight with concern.
“You’re just going to let him walk away when all this is said and done, huh?  Steve,” Barnes spat out, voice threaded with anger and frustration.  “Guy like that, and you’re just going to pat him on the back and thanks for the memories or whatever?” Barnes demanded.   “You’re an idiot.”
“Oh,” Steve said, whatever interest that had sparked the question gone now.  “Looks like you have everything you could possibly need here.”
That was a perfectly logical question. Unfortunately, Steve’s mind went immediately blank.  He should answer this.  This was important.  Ms. Romanov had said to be clear, be upfront, don’t let embarrassment keep you from saying no to something you didn’t want.   You had to communicate with the client.  That was important.  She’d said that several times.
“Maybe it would be easier if I could.  Walk away, I mean,” Tony called out. “But, I couldn’t manage that ten years ago, and I hated you.  I sure as hell can’t do it now.  Steve, please, I’m not playing some kind of game,” Tony said, reaching up to grab Steve’s shoulder and hauling him back.  “I’m not doing this to hurt you.  God, Steve, that’s the last thing I want to do.  I’m doing this because I can’t do anything else.  I can’t go back to not having you in my life, because you—
“A trade? What kind of a trade?” Steve asked warily.
Being cultured was sometimes really boring, Tony thought privately, then snorted, wiping his sleeve across his face with a low hum he only belatedly realized was coming from himself.  Not that he could ever say that to Ty.  Not that he even
For half a second, Steve didn’t want to touch the thing she was holding out.  He grimaced, then reached out and took it, knocking the envelope against his palm.  “Thanks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
to go.  And that’s just going to end so, so very badly, Steve.”
Steve’s presence in Tony’s workshop began purely as a tactical project, gathering information about his teammate and the armor so they could be more efficient in battle.  Steve did much the same with all the Avengers.  But Tony loved talking about his tech, and Steve found it fascinating to just listen at first, though it wasn’t long before he was asking Tony more specific questions about what they could do and how they could do it.  Which led to a lot of field testing that generally involved Tony throwing Steve at things, but Steve got to fly, so he didn’t mind.  Much.  The time with the fountain had not been forgotten.  He was pretty sure that was on purpose, no matter what Tony said.
“Don’t strain yourself there, Stars and Stripes,” Tony smiled good-naturedly in return.  “What’s in the plan for today?  Kitten up a tree?  Reading to sick kids?  Wait, don’t tell me…JARVIS, streetcam me!  Let’s find Steve a nice old lady to help across the street.”
Takes place during the same time period as Chapter 2 of Poster Child.
“Bucky and Nat are expecting us,” Steve said, then turned from the doorway and walked across the hall.  Tony could hear the scrape of Steve’s door opening and the sound of voices meeting Steve in greeting.  Only then did Tony allow his shoulders to sag in relief.  It wasn’t exactly a resoundingly enthusiastic yes, but no had left the not-so-proverbial-building.
“I want to ride your cock,” Steve husked out, then arched his back and pressed down on Tony’s hand, cock bouncing and sending droplets of moisture across his stomach and thighs.
“Okay, but it’s not a big deal, and if you start to get all…splotchy about it, I’m going to regret telling you,” Tony said, glancing down at his lap, then lifting his eyes back to Steve.  “There’s a clause in my Board of Directors agreement that requires me to get a pre-nup in the heretofore unlikely event that I married, because of the stock and community property laws and all that, which we obviously eschewed doing because it’s clearly stupidly unromantic—”
Or at least…at the very least, if he wanted him to stay the night and just be with him, Steve thought with warmth flooding him, then surely it had to mean something more to Tony as well.  Maybe Tony didn’t see Steve as purely a transaction, just sex for money and that was it, just some…some whore to be bought at Tony’s whim.
The alien stared at him for a beat, then smiled.  “The gift is life,” JARVIS’ voice said from the helmet next to Tony’s head.
“There’s a tracker in your phone,” Steve said.
“I do, Sir,” JARVIS replied, the AI’s simulated voice going quiet and soft in Tony’s ear.  “It looks very good.”
There was pain there, Tony could hear it in Steve’s voice.  Pain and betrayal, all aimed at Tony with the force of a blow.  It made the blood pound, thick and heavy in his chest, like he could feel the spikes of shrapnel tearing through his veins.  Steve was lashing out, because he hurt, because he had lost people, and some part of Tony understood that was only fair, but it still hurt.  Well, truth hurts, doesn’t it, Tony thought, tasting bile as he tried to swallow. He cleared his throat and kept his gaze locked on Steve. Okay, they were doing this. At least Steve was still here.  That was something.
As always, I think you for reading, commenting and hitting the kudos button.  You guys make it all worth it.
“Good,” Steve murmured. His head was pillowed on his arms where they were folded on the edge of Tony’s large bathtub, while Tony bathed what was left of last night’s activities from his body.  The cool tiles that lined the bath felt wonderful against his skin, heated as it was from the warm water and Tony’s touch.  He’d woken up a short time ago with Tony still wrapped around him, breathing deeply against Steve’s chest, though he had stirred awake when Steve did.  Tony somehow managed to get both of them into the tub, even though Steve’s legs didn’t seem quite ready to work yet and his body felt a bit like it was slogging through mud instead of simply trying to walk a few steps.
“I’m just saying—look, he barely got a look at us,” the younger one, Dominic, Tony remembered, asked.  He looked over at Tony, who managed to just lower his gaze in time.  “He’s been out this whole time.”
“God, you can’t be real,” Tony muttered.  He had one hand over his face, but dropped it to his side and looked down when Steve.  “We’re doing this.  Jesus. Fuck. We’re doing this.  Please don’t let me—“
The shield is gone, swallowed by the sea, and so was I, Steve thought to himself.  That had to mean Er’Skeen was wrong about him. Wrong about the prophecy. Like Tony said, prophecy was a changeling, molded to fit whatever circumstances arose.  It wasn’t real, any more than the remembered taste of the bitter brew that filled his mouth was real, but he couldn’t seem to shake the feeling of wrongness that always accompanied those memories, like his foot missed the last step, and even though he wasn’t falling, his mind didn’t seem to know that.
happy, Steve, I truly am. I’d hoped… well. It is not every day that even a king gets what he wants.” He let out a long sigh. “I would love to celebrate further, but regrettably, we must be getting back. The Ul will be arriving soon, and while a king’s time may be his own, beginning our meeting with Ul-Tarn by insulting him is probably unwise,” Tony said.
“You think you can take this away from me?  Oh, no.  No, no, no,” Howard seethed, jabbing his finger closer to Tony’s face.  “Not you.  It will never be you, Tony.  Just because you have your Alpha by the cock doesn’t mean I’m going to stand by and let you ruin this for me.  I should’ve known,” Howard sneered.  “I should have known what you’d do.  Can’t help yourself, can you?  You never could.  Even when you were a child, you refused to just
a bunch of absolute dicks,” Barnes mumbled.
A mirrored medicine cabinet hung over the white pedestal sink, and Steve caught his reflection there, then stepped forward and thumbed it open rather than look.  The shelves were empty, of course.  Once, he would have had to fill it with bottles and ointments, but now, he could put his shaving kit there, he supposed.  On the right side.  The right side was for him, the left side for…someone else.  For lotions and lipsticks and pressed powder in gilt compacts or whatever it was that Omegas used today.  He stared at the empty shelves for a moment, then slowly closed the cabinet and pulled the bathroom door closed behind him.
“I don’t follow all that political stuff,” Tony said stiffly.  He was going to try, dammit.  Fill that pepper shaker like pro, he thought to himself and nearly snorted at the absurdity of it all.  He was terrible at this.  Miraculously finding his inner domestic diva was probably a lost cause.  There was a picture of him on a milk carton somewhere, but he’d never see it because his Alpha was the one who did all the cooking and grocery shopping.  There was irony and then there was just being bitch-slapped by a universe of your own making.
It was a stupid mental trick, he knew. Nothing here was real. Maybe not even him, he didn't know anymore. He didn't know anything anymore, except that Steve was walking out of his life again, and this time, he couldn't blame greed or desperation.
“I kind of want that,” Tony replied, following Rhodey’s quick steps up to Steve’s floor, but giving the box a longing look.  “Could be a conversation piece.”
“Okay, maybe in business, sure,” Steve said, “but not when real emotions are involved. You can’t buy that. Not even you.”
So sorry for the long delay.  I hope there is still some interest in this.  I do plan to finish it, though real life has just made it slow going.  i hope to pick up the speed with the new year, but bear with me.  Thank you for your patience!
“I’m glad,” Maria responded.  “When you didn’t take my calls or return my emails, I thought…well.  Silly things.  A mother’s worries. I’m just glad things have worked out so well.”  Thought the worst, maybe, but didn’t do anything about it, Tony mentally noted.  But that was nothing new.
“Pepper says there are videos now?” Rhodes asked.
Yeah, because that’s not concerning
Come to me, Steve thought, as darkness claimed him.  Come to me, I am here.
“That doctor guy seemed to think there was a good chance this microsurgery procedure he does could help my hand,” Steve said, holding his hand out in front of him and flexing it into a fist.  It didn’t quite close properly, Tony could see, and shook, ever so slightly, with the effort.  “There’s even a grant for veterans that would cover the cost of the surgery, which is great, because I’m out of tries at the VA.  Doc seemed pretty sure there was a good chance I’d qualify if I applied, so that’s…Tony!” Steve shouted, back straightening as he turned to face Tony with an exasperated frown.
“Perhaps he wishes to return to our furs” Steve suggested, then grinned. “It was a very pleasing evening.”
He stopped before closing the distance, and Steve had the sense that this must be what it was like standing on a beach, watching the storm move into shore.  Calm, but the air humming with electricity, the tipping point just barely out of reach.
“You won’t say anything to her, will you?” Steve asked.
Steve blinked up at him, a frown pulling at his features.  He didn’t remember telling the man his name.  Had he?  No. No, he didn’t think so.  Though, everyone knew everyone else here, so it wasn’t like his name was a secret or anything, it was just--not right, somehow, though he couldn’t say how it wasn’t right, just that it wasn’t.  And how did the man know what Steve had done?
“I should clean you up,” Tony said, finally, though made no move to do so, just looked at Steve like he was the most beautiful sight to behold.  On his knees, naked, save for Tony’s collar, cock hard and body marked with Tony’s seed.  Steve swallowed, tasted the salty remains of it on his tongue, in his throat, and held himself still.  He wasn’t sure if he wanted Tony to clean him up, which had to be wrong, to want to sit here like this, in such a state.  It must be, but Tony was still looking at him with that same amazed satisfaction, and it did something to Steve to know he had put that expression there, so he waited and let it dry on his skin while Tony looked his fill.
“Pepper has been trying to get me to attend that brown-nosing sycophantic pat-ourselves-on-the-back no alcohol waste of time for six years,” Tony said.  “She’s just trying to manipulate you, but she underestimates me, as usual.”
It was irrational, but he clung to the thought and buried his head into the center of Steve’s chest, digging his forehead back and forth like maybe he could push himself inside, crawl under Steve’s skin, beneath the flesh and behind the bones, and stay (hide) there, just for a little while.  Just until everything stopped.
“And we’ve now found the World’s Most Rhetorical Question,” Bucky replied, clapping Clint on the arm.
“I could have JARVIS read something to us.  Maybe a magazine article?  There’s this great Time Magazine piece—“ Tony began.
“I—I’m trying, Nat,” Steve replied, rubbing a hand up and down over his face, before dropping it to his waist. He wasn’t sure which one of them he needed to convince more.
“Good,” the King added after a beat of silence.  He reached out and cradled the pendant that hung from Steve’s collar in the palm of his hand, closed his fist around it and tugged, until Steve had no choice but to follow the motion up to his knees on the bed so he faced the King.  “Think of me,” the King said in a low, husky voice as he leaned close enough to Steve that Steve could feel his breath warm his cheek.  The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood on end, and it was all he could do to suppress a shiver.  His breath was suddenly coming in quick, short bursts, and he was keenly aware of the rise and fall of his chest, his heartbeat echoing in his ears, his cock hanging heavy between them.
It took Steve a moment to process Tony’s change of topic, and then to decide how he wanted to answer.  Finally, he went with, “We just wanted a weekend away.”
“You heard him,” Nasha said with a half-smile, her eyebrows raised in challenge. She leaned up then and placed a light kiss on Steve’s cheek, then nodded to Tony. “Thank you. For bringing him back to us.” She turned then, following Tor, probably to retrieve their packs, Tony assumed.
The beeping pattern of the unlock code was all the warning he had before Rhodey slammed the door open and stalked over, grabbing the back of his chair and spinning Tony around so Rhodey could loom over him, which he liked to do sometimes, because, really, the guy flew jets and stuff, so compact was not just an adjective, but a job requirement.
“Tony,” Pepper began, tilting her head to the side as her face softened.
The morning was spent working on DUM-E’s code, which he still couldn’t get quite right, then tinkering with the designs for the missile he’d told Joshua about.  Tony had started calling it the Jericho, in honor of his furry sounding board, and found himself humming the tune to the old, familiar song his mother used to sing to him as he worked on the designs.
The silence was answer enough, he supposed.
Steve felt almost dizzy from the strain of the lack of air, the final bursts of is own orgasm pulsing through him almost as an afterthought. He finally pulled off, a long trail of saliva dripping from his bottom lip to the head of Tony’s cock for a moment before it broke. He was panting, tears leaking from the corners of his eyes, body shaking with constrained tension and then Tony’s arms were around him, pulling him close, cradling Steve’s head to his chest.
“Are you alright?” Tony asked, regarding him with a slightly furrowed brow.
He’s doing it, Tony thought. It’s him.  Tony kept his eyes focused on the alien, letting the feelings cascade through him in an infinite barrage.
, of all people.  This is so cool. Hope my guy here didn’t embarrass himself or something,” he added, giving Steve an affectionate squeeze that for some reason annoyed Steve more than anything.  “He gets a bit tongue-tied. Aw, come on, you know you do!” Brock said when Steve shot him a frown.
Tony tugged his socks off one by one, then Steve helped him out of his boxers and lowered him into the bath.  Tony figured he probably should be embarrassed, but since he’d just spilled his guts while sobbing on Steve’s lap, a little flash of what Steve had seen plenty of times before wasn’t really going to push him over the edge.  The water was nice.  Just the right temperature.  Steve got up to put Tony’s dirty clothes into the laundry room, and that instantly made the bathroom smell fresher, Tony had to admit.  He wasn’t gone long, then was back at Tony’s side.  He’d picked up a washcloth along the way and used it to rub hot water up and down Tony’s back and over his shoulders.  It felt amazing.  Tony couldn’t remember when he’d felt anything so good as the constant motion of the cloth on his skin like that, a heady combination of warmth and care and
Anyway, point being, Steve’s room looked like a hotel room where you weren’t staying long enough to bother really unpacking, and Tony wasn’t sure what that said.  Where were the mementos?   The pictures of his family?  Army buddies?  The useless, random things that you kept for no good reason until you stopped having a reason to keep them?   Someone lived in this room, but the room wasn’t lived
Well, fuck my life, Tony thought bitterly, a bright, stinging burn building up behind his eyelids.
“Was—was yours special?” Steve asked, brows drawing together into a frown.
“I need to check in back at the base.  You got this?” Rhodes asked Tony, who nodded.
“I read that I apparently dropped the ball on that one,” Tony said, watching Steve across the table with an inscrutable expression.  Steve looked down and away, suddenly embarrassed, not just that he’d screwed up with the reporter again, but that Tony had gotten to read what he’d said, which didn’t make much sense, he knew.  Of course, Tony was going to read whatever the press put out there about them.  At least for the next few days, they had to be careful.  He knew that.  And, he’d already managed to nearly mess things up twice.  Tony probably thought he was an idiot, which was fair enough, considering, though the thought sent a pang of hurt through his stomach.  Even Ms. Potts said he hadn’t done much damage, other than turn the press from rabid dogs into rabid, competitive dogs, who didn’t like a bone being thrown to one of their own.  He was saying what he was supposed to say, after all.  He’d just have to do a better job keeping his mouth shut.  He sighed, imagining Bucky’s reaction to his chances of accomplishing that particular goal.
You chose the one they burned, Tony thought again, though with far less virulence behind the words.
“Just me,” Steve replied, turning towards the realtor and leaning back against the counter in front of the sink.
“I—uh,” Steve started, trying to keep up with Kirk’s stream of words while parts of his mind seemed to have stopped on ‘blowie’ and ‘handjob’ the way a record player gets stuck on the same groove over and over.  “No, um, I don’t…okay.  I don’t want a blowjob,” Steve said, sucking in a deep breath.  “I want to paint you.”
“Can’t an interested investor check in on—okay, okay,” Tony amended quickly as Steve shoved out of the chair and stood up so quickly it wobbled between them, spinning on its base out of Tony’s grip.
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve replied.  He sounded distant somehow, even though he was sitting close enough that Tony could feel the warmth radiating from him and had to resist the urge to accidentally-on-purpose shift over enough so that they were touching.  “He was right,” Steve continued, staring towards the kitchen where the others, by some kind of silent agreement, had gathered, chatting too loudly to be natural, trying to give Steve and Tony a slice of privacy.
“But, that’s all in the past,” Stark was saying.  “Cap, he’s—well, what can you say about the guy? I mean, he’s Captain America.  Hard to top that.”
None of this felt like a lie, not anymore, and Steve couldn’t help but wonder who he was truly lying to.
Tony stepped forward and wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist.  He nudged Steve’s foot enough to for Steve to catch on and plant his feet on top of Tony’s boots.  Steve threw an arm over Tony’s shoulder and slid one around his middle.  The repulsors ignited, bright, blue flames sending them twirling into the sky.  He looked at Steve, head tossed back, a wide, giddy smile splitting his Alpha’s features as the ground got smaller and smaller beneath them and the halo of grey-blue sky growing thinner above.   The dog tags jumped between them with the force of their ascent, stretching out towards Steve’s chest in a thin chain of pebbled metal.
For their first Fathers’ Day as a family, though, Tony wants to be at the cabin, and so that’s where they head with a car full of the minimum necessary for two whole nights away from the house, which did not necessitate a trailer, no matter how much Steve harrumphed about the packing.  Steve was dutifully getting it all in the SUV, though, without comment at the moment, other than a long look over his shoulder at Tony when he loaded the third basket of toys.
Steve’s whole body jumped and his eyes flew open, hands twisting reflexively in the sheet, and if he wasn’t carefu—yep, there went the sheets.  Tony smiled, keeping Steve’s nipple between his lips, jabbing his tongue out to lick lightly at the sensitive peak.
“I'm not going anywhere," Tony promised.
“You tell me,” Tony said, stepping back a little to give Steve some space.  He reached up and pulled a folded piece of paper out of the breast pocket of his suit jacket.  “What’s this supposed to be, Steve?”
Steve breathed in through his nose, feeling his eyes water a bit at the effort, but he could see Tony, his face taut and neck corded, could feel Tony’s body straining beneath him, could taste the salty, bitter drops on the back of his tongue, and wanted so badly to do this for Tony. Steve widened his mouth and relaxed his throat, then started to move slowly down Tony’s hard length.
The metal veil, the clamps with their bright, blue pendant, the loincloth that drew attention instead of hiding anything, he looked the part, Steve thought as he studied himself, feeling warmth flush over his skin, up his neck and down deep, seeming to fill his belly like it was being poured in on each breath.  His cock was heavy and thick, already reddening against the golden circles that hung between his legs.  The steady, rippling pinch at his nipples sent twinges of heat spiking deep inside, the sensations pulling at the head of his cock, like there was a string connecting them.  Every shift, every movement, every thought seemed to flicker like bright points in his mind, pain and pleasure warring for dominance.
“Oh, fuck Howard. God, what is it with you and him? Forget it. Just—just forget it,” Tony spat, moving towards the door. “Get out of my way.”
The next few weeks were filled with missions, pre-mission strategizing, post-mission debriefing, training and what Steve assumed was pretty much anything and everything designed to keep him busy.  He didn’t ask where Fury was with the negotiations with the Starks, and Fury didn’t offer any updates. Steve wondered when appearing not to care became healthier. He thought he might not be particularly great at it, but no one questioned him on it. People here were very good at not asking questions they didn’t want answers for.
“Ugh,” Barnes groaned.  “You two are--my idea for solving this still stands, you know.  I mean, we’re all sitting around here being mature adults and talking about feelings and shit, but you know it would work,” he finished, angling his beer bottle at Nat and Rhodey.  “What? It would,” Barnes insisted indignantly when Nat elbowed him.
“When you got your driver’s license, did they ask you to explain why you wanted it?” Tony retorted in a slow, careful tone, like he was simply mildly curious.
“It was not a test—” Pepper began.
“I’m sorry that happened to you, Tony,” Steve said. “I guess I never really thought about what that would be like for you, to tell you the truth, but…but yeah,” he finished with a frown, then paused. He looked up, staring towards the French doors where they led out onto the balcony.  Between the slatted blinds, light spilled in, casting long, glowing lines onto the floor. “After a few months at the club, I wasn’t making the money we needed like I’d hoped. The real money, that’s in the private dances, see? I didn’t want to do that, not at first, but then…I did a couple.  Bachelorette things, mostly. It was fine. Tips were great,” he added, looking over at Tony, who was watching him with a careful, drawn look, and biting his lip. Probably to keep from interrupting. “Then there was this gig during the Army Navy Expo a few months’ back. Same one Stane was here for, when he and Stern came into the club? Hammer was having this big party at this hotel.  They wanted some entertainment, so a couple of his flunkies came poking around the club. It wasn’t just me, some of the other dancers went, too. But, by the end, it was just me.”
,” Tony told him, his voice hard.  “If you would, I would make you happier than you can possibly know.  That is what I saw.”
Tony stared at Steve a heartbeat longer, while Steve struggled to form a response. He didn’t know what he wanted to say that hadn’t already been said.  He didn’t even really understand what Tony was talking about, anyway. His mind was too full of dreams and nonsense to find much clarity of thought this morning, it seemed.  Tony started to get up, and Steve reached out, covering one of Tony’s hands with his own.
“Ah. Good, good!” the man repeated, then nodded enthusiastically.  He made other sounds. Anto didn’t know what those meant, but he caught a few familiar ones.
the creature.  It was strange to think of it as a friend, but he didn’t know what else to call it.  Assuming he hadn’t slipped into insanity and this was just some fever dream in his mind, he supposed there was no better word for it.  Steve ducked down under the water for a beat before coming up and shaking the water out of his hair. He looked over at the creature again where it bobbed in the waves, watching him.
Coulson blinked at him, then looked up at Rogers with what looked like, for just a moment, an utterly pleased expression before it flattened out to what Tony had decided was Coulson’s usual blank, expectant look, which he probably adopted mainly to make everyone hurry.  Rogers raised his eyebrows and gave a slight, surprised huff of air, and swiped a hand over his mouth, apparently willing to ignore Tony’s outburst, at least for the moment.
“I shouldn’t have to find some way to relate my life to yours in order to give your opinion weight, and that’s what I was doing.  You don’t do that with me, and I never question why not, because that’s just the way it is, but my life experiences aren’t what make your opinions valid,” Steve said while Tony blinked in owlish amazement at him.
Steve bit back a laugh and put the full plate of food aside. “Uh-huh,” he nodded agreeably. “That one bite did it for you, huh?”
When their repast was over, Steve, Cam and the guards followed Tony and the rest back to the carriages, though this time, Tony eschewed riding with Lord Rand and motioned for Steve to join him.
Tony looked down and idly scraped his shoe against the lip of the bottom step, trying, in vain, as it turned out, to get some of the mud off.  Because showing up with divorce papers for the second time was one thing.  Slinging literal mud all over the place was just downright rude, he supposed.  Jarvis would have been so proud.  He looked up at the building’s worn brick front, and wondered again, what Steve had done with the money.  He could have found out, of course.  But, leaving Pandora’s Box of Misspent Youth permanently closed seemed the far better part of valor, even if he never could quite get it to shut as tightly as he wanted.
“Yeah, not much of a chance of that.  Steve?  Can you open the door?” Tony implored.  He didn’t try the knob, but his hand hovered over it, waiting.  He wasn’t sure he wanted to know if it was locked, though the why of it, the worry that was coursing down his spine and spinning its way through his gut, he didn’t want to put a name to, not yet.  “Steve?  Come on, you’re…I’m kind of freaking out a bit here.  Just…open the door, would you?  Please?”
“Uh, you can put a stop to this one of two ways,” Tony said, holding the phone away from his mouth.  “Admit I’m right and come back to the Tower with me.  You know, that place with the Olympic-sized pool, sauna, private chef, gym, king-sized bed, all that.  Or, you can tell me I’m wrong, and you don’t love me,” Tony finished.  He’d already won, so it was easier this time.  Steve wasn’t going to lie, not about this, and he was halfway to taking Tony up on his offer, he just didn’t know it yet.  No subletting.  Honestly.  It was adorable.  “Pep, you getting all this?”
He really, really hates Obie.
“Well,” Steve began, tilting his head slightly to the side as he looked at Tony with a wry sort of knowing amusement.  “They could try.”
“Well, I always liked him, too,” Tony said with a shrug.  “Thanks for coming!” he shouted down the stairs. “Or, in Barnes’ case, sounds like not, but whatever,” Tony shouted, leaning over the railing.  “Row harder, good Sir!”
Steve smiled back and nodded, then headed for his room to shower and change, while Bucky took up residence on the sofa, holding a room service menu in his hands like it was the Holy Grail.  He decided on the navy suit for dinner, mainly because, based on the selections that had been delivered from their shopping trip, Tony seemed to like him in blue.  It didn’t take him particularly long to get ready, and before he knew quite what he was doing, he had the hotel’s little notepad in one hand and pen in the other, sketching quickly while he waited to give Tony enough time to get ready.
“Of course not,” Stark said, a small, annoyingly-knowing smile playing on his lips.  “Then, as we aren’t likely to see each other again, I wish you both all the happiness you deserve.” It sounded sincere enough, but it rankled Steve for some reason, nonetheless.
, you never actually answered my question about Hammer,” Tony pointed out.  “Look, Steve, yeah, on paper, this is insane,” Tony said.  But, I’ve got another paper, one with blue-inked flowers on it, that says maybe it isn’t, he thought.  “It doesn’t feel insane, though.  It feels, I don’t know, like…like something I didn’t know I was missing, didn’t know I wanted, just fell into my lap, and I—I got a second chance, you know?  After everything.  Me, for some God-damned reason,” he added, mouth twisting around the words.  “It has to be for a reason, right?”
“Great,” Steve replied, though the word lacked any semblance of actually sounding like he thought it was great. He was standing there, staring at the glass doors to the suite, head down and jaw set, looking for all the world like moving was the last thing he wanted to do.
“Shut up,” Steve laughed.
“Steve…God, Steve,” Tony murmured, placing two fingers under Steve’s jaw and drawing Steve’s gaze back to his. “We’re both idiots, you know?  Can you believe they let us save the world.  Suckers,”  Tony said, shaking his head and grinning at the small huff of laughter from Steve.  He leaned in to place a light kiss on Steve’s lips.  Well, he intended to, anyway.  Really, it was going to be romantic as hell.
“It isn’t about the money,” Steve said.  “I just really like being with you.”  As the words fell from his lips, they didn’t feel like a lie at all.
His voice was carefully neutral, Steve noticed. Not judging, not anything, but it felt a little like pity all the same, and Steve could feel the rise of words that he wanted to say threaten to spill out.  Defenses, excuses, explanations.
“Here,” Cam said, walking out of the closet with his arms extended in front of him, a cascading waterfall of diamonds hanging from his fingers with a large, teardrop-shaped jewel suspended in the middle.  “This, and this, I think,” Cam said, holding out the necklace and a simple, white silk wrap embroidered with silver beads.
“I did an after-hours thing for him a while back.  Like—uh, like—for you,” Steve stammered, because the words didn’t seem to want to cooperate.  “During some weapons industry convention they were having here.  We had a…misunderstanding about the nature of the services I would be providing.  I handled it,” Steve stated in what he hoped was an even, unremarkable tone.
“Family,” Steve remembered.
“I don’t know,” Steve replied.
Tony’s hands came up quick, clutching at the sides of Steve’s face and pulling Steve’s mouth to his, fierce and insistent. The kiss was desperate, primal, almost brutal, filled with so much anguish that Steve couldn’t tell which of them was breaking more.
“You are too kind, Ul-Tarn, and such beauty is certainly hard to resist, but, as you can see, I have the Raj’Inama to keep me company,” Tony replied, placing a hand on Steve’s arm where it sat on the table between them. Steve hadn’t realized that he had stopped breathing until he felt Tony’s touch and forced himself to slowly let out a long hiss of air. “I am sure they will find many to serve back in the city.”
Please, he silently prayed.  Seriously, he needed all the help he could get.
There was even a picture of Cap in the middle of the smoking ruin of a Hydra base holding the radio close to his ear, , one of the few pictures of him in the battlefield where he was actually smiling, squinting off in the direction of the photographer, like he’d been caught off-guard.  He’d asked Aunt Peggy about the radio once.   She’d said Cap probably kept it around so he’d know what orders to disregard entirely, and then laughed in that strange way that adults laughed at things that weren’t really funny, throwing her head back, shoulders shaking until she had to wipe tears out of her eyes.  She’d ruffled his hair then and told him he was a lot like Captain America, which wasn’t true, he knew, but it made something wonderful burst warm and wild inside his chest anyway.
Fifty-six.  Squeeze. Breathe.
“Ow!” Tony growled sharply, twisting away from Steve’s hands, a flash of pain marring his features at the effort.
“Much prefer that to…whatever this is.  Look, Steve, I appreciate it, I really do.  The whole be-your-best-you thing?  I got it.  That’s—that’s great, okay?  But, there’s a lot—a lot going on that, well.  It’s complicated,” Tony finished apologetically.
Steve’s jaw clenched, his teething grinding together hard enough that Steve could hear the soft scrape.  Loathing and a deep, frustrated anger churned through Steve’s gut, aimed at himself as much as Brock.  This was his fault.  He was the one who brought someone like Brock into Tony’s orbit.  If they’d never met, this wouldn’t be happening, but it was, and it was useless to stand here and wish this would all simply disappear.  He had to at least warn Tony. He owed him that much.
Tony hated waiting. He especially hated being kept waiting. And he really, truly and deeply hated being kept waiting by Fury, who was obviously doing it on purpose, if for no other reason than because he knew how much Tony really, truly and deeply hated waiting.  Fury had been pretty circumspect, even for Fury, which was saying something, about the reason he wanted Tony down at SHIELD headquarters, and though Tony had put him off, let’s see, a good four times at least, Fury’s persistence had finally pinged Tony’s curiosity enough to get him down here.
“Which people?” Steve asked in a tight, low voice.
“God-dammit,” he muttered under his breath, barely said before the wind took the words, and the screen went black.
Steve turned and shifted his stance, moving closer to Tony.  He was blocking the wind, or at least doing his best to try.  It was such a simple, familiar, Steve-ish thing to do.  Tony wasn’t sure if he wanted to hug him or cry.  Maybe both.  He settled for wiping his thumb across his eyes and told himself the stinging moisture was from the wind and cold.  They’d both lost so God-damned much.  He couldn’t think about it, or he’d probably end up a blubbering mess on the side of the road next to a dry cleaner’s and the dubiously named World Class Restaurant that boasted both authentic pho and New York-style pizza.
Tony’s fingers fidgeted as he adjusted his tie, trying to catch his reflection in the window while the sedan rolled through the Los Angeles traffic.  Twenty-seventh time’s the charm, he thought dully, willing the tie to straighten.
“I—I didn’t--I didn’t mean—it’s just—“ Tony stammered, trying to find words willing to come out of his suddenly dry throat.
Steve lowered the phone from his ear as Bucky and Natasha rounded the corner next to the building.  Bucky and Natasha and Sam and Thor, he corrected.  He let out a sigh and pocketed his phone.
“Dude, please, Ripley took out that thing in a power loader, I think Cap’s got this,” Rhodey said with a nod.
“Gravitas.  And the cane is cool,” Matt replied evenly.
No taking-looks.  None.  Wow.  This was…different.  Odd.  Not bad-odd, just…he hadn’t realized how much energy it took to be looked at until he didn’t have to walk a gauntlet of those looks and what they said without saying anything.  The few Alphas in the room ignored him, of course.  He belonged to Steve now, so they didn’t get to look, at least not without permission. The mostly Beta patrons gave him a few curious stares, but it was different with them.  It was always different with them.
“Huh?  Me?  No, no—not—not really,” Stark said, seemingly thrown for a moment before he regrouped.  “You?  Bet you get all the swipe-rights.”
“I know people talk, but...I like them, actually,” Steve told him. “Ever since I can remember, I guess. I always looked for them at night.  I think...I think I slept better on the nights I saw them, to tell you the truth.”
“That one’s more trouble than he’s worth, my Lord, I assure you.  We have far finer available.  Well-trained.  Docile.  From the finest pleasure houses in the East.  More suited to someone of your stature,” the loud voice of one of the overseers—Rumlow, his mind supplied with a surge of hate—snapped, punctuated by a light crack of the ever-present leather whip the man carried across Steve’s chest, more a warning than anything.   They wouldn’t mark him, not now, anyway.  Despite his words, Rumlow slithered over to stand next to the finely-robed man whose eyes were roaming up and down Steve’s body with a speculative gaze.
“Okay,” Stark began, turning to look at Steve with a slight wince. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t just use the term ‘Pollyanna’.  No, wait, it’s kind of on brand and...weirdly adorable.  Anyway, point being, Steve says I can’t just buy anything and everything, some things are beyond money. I say, it’s just about finding the right price, like that old joke, whether you believe Churchill actually said it or not.” Stark’s eyes flicked over to Steve. “Ultimately, everyone’s for sale.”
“You ran him off,” Michael accused Whitney, though there was laughter behind it.  Tony thought that was aimed at him.
Tony picked up the open end of the tin can and put his mouth to it.  “Should I tell him I love him?  Tap once for yes, twice for no,” Tony said, his voice deepened as he spoke into the tin can.  “You can use binary if that would help,” he offered into the silence.  God, he was a dork, he thought, letting the can go so it dangled by its string from the wall.
“I don’t think he knew exactly what happened, no,” Tony said.  “He’d have said something.  But, I think he knew something was off.  Probably figured we’d have to correct the snafu a lot sooner.  Have to talk.  Assumed we’d get our heads out of asses once a bit of time had passed.  Who knows?  Can’t ask.  He died with mom and dad in the accident.  Crash report says he was driving, going too fast. Roads were slick with rain.”
“Absolutely,” Agent Paz agreed.  “Tony’s given us a lot to think about.  I didn’t know SI was even working in the UAV arena, but Tony’s points…well, I’m somewhat dismayed that we haven’t been more proactive about the lack of upgrades to the product.  SHIELD’s had the contract with Hammer for years now, but it’s up for renewal soon.  I’ll have to put a word in with the Director.  Have him take a look at what SI has to offer.”
Except nothing about this felt polite.  It didn’t feel polite at all, Tony thought, throat bobbing as he swallowed and caught Steve’s eyes tracking the movement.  It felt…good.  Right.  His head was cloudy.  The air felt charged, the way it does before a storm, hot and heavy, ready to boil over.  His thoughts kept stepping out of line like a classroom of preschoolers vying to be first.  It was like that awful day in the garage, but worse, God, so much worse, because it wasn’t just his Alpha now, it was
“I could stay. For a bit. If you wanted,” Tony heard himself say. Stupid. He could fix anything in the world except his own brain to mouth filter, apparently. “They played golf on the moon, you know,” Tony said, looking up at the clear, night sky that seemed fuller, brighter somehow, up here, than it had when he'd looked at it from his window at home.
“Oh.  Um.  Okay,” Steve mumbled, giving Tony an expectant look that Tony didn’t return.  “Hey, Sam.  James, good to see you again.  You remember Thor?  And this is Dr. Jane Foster, his fiancé.”
Tony stared at him, unblinking, his mind filling with dawning horror and desperation.
“Was that…was that how it always is?” Steve asked curiously.  “Can’t believe it would be. People would talk about that, wouldn’t they?  I mean, if they knew how it—how it felt. They’d—they’d talk about it, right? So, it can’t always be like that, I figure.”
“Can we talk about something else? Please?” Maria asked sharply, breaking the quiet like a crack.  “Tony, what does your robot do?”  she said, far more gently.  She held out her hand, and Tony walked over and, after a moment’s hesitation, placed the robot in it. “Hmmm,” she murmured, then found a button and brought the little machine to life.  “Ahhh, this is so good!  Look, it walks!  Look, Howard, do you see?  It has little gears in here and everything!  Oh, it makes sparks!”
Confined to Tony’s quarters as he was, Steve had little access to information, save for the gossip Cam was able to glean.  The boy had a bit more freedom to come and go than Steve did, and for that, Steve was grateful.  Sitting here, not knowing what was happening, but seeing the toll it was exacting from Tony was maddening.  Cam, of course, was thrilled with the circumstances.  He spent his days being feted by the servants who were trying to outdo themselves in taking care of the King’s guests, playing chess with Steve or roaming the gardens and feeding the peacocks and other animals who called the gardens home.  Steve had a good half dozen unfinished sketches of the boy and the fan-tailed birds dancing in attendance around him.  That grew dull enough after a few days, though, so he busied himself by spending time in Tony’s workshop, pouring over the various designs in Tony’s leather-bound journals, sometimes making notes, sometimes re-drawing the whole thing.  Tony’s ideas were nothing short of amazing, beyond anything Steve could conjure, but Tony lacked any actual, practical experience with war, which sometimes meant things were missed or could be improved in small ways to work better for the soldiers who would eventually have to actually try to use one of these machines, as Tony called them.
“The best,” Kirk told him.
“Yeah.  Yeah, I can—I can definitely see how that would have been weird,” Tony admitted with a huff of a laugh.  He shook his head and made himself walk towards where Steve sat with a pile of parts in front of him for some unknown reason.
“He has strong feelings about badges,” Tony said with an air of distraction.
Even as he stared at the incongruous figure, something niggled at the back of Steve’s mind.  As if he had been here before, in this exact moment, which was, of course, ridiculous, and yet...the feeling lingered.
Tony wasn’t quite sure how it happened, but he was soon lounging against the overstuffed arm of a sofa with a plate of food on his lap and a cup of punch on the low table in front of him, listening in rapt wonder as the Omegas traded stories, gossip and advice, like well-dressed crows on a telephone line.
“You should stay here today, rest.  I will postpone—” Tony started to offer.
Tony was still staring, mouth agape, trying to wrap his head around this new bit of information when the alien waved his hand and the gel whisked aside, leaving Tony’s cock speared, hard and dripping, between his legs.  One of the alien’s hands wrapped around Tony’s cock while the other worked his fingers in and out of Tony’s hole in slow, steady rhythm. The warm gel seemed to magnify the intensity of the feeling, adding an extra layer of gentle, massaging friction deep inside him and around his cock as the alien stroked his hand up and down Tony’s hard length.
“There,” Tony said, nodding in the direction of the stairs that led up to the entrance to the High Roller.  A black-suited man waiting at the top spotted them, waved, and headed down the steps to meet them.
“Cam is worried he will be spirited away,” Steve said, stretching.  He caught Tony’s eyes watching him as he did, a smile playing on his lips that Steve returned even as a yawn wiped it away.
machine.  He had figured out that the Tesseract somehow caused spatial anomalies, and so, Howard had wondered, if Einstein was right, and space and time really are inextricably linked, maybe something using technology based on the Tesseract that makes a portal across space could be used to make a path through time, as well.   We’ve already sent subatomic particles forward in time, even without Tesseract technology, Bruce explained. It’s theoretically possible.
“Fingers crossed,” Tony muttered.
He didn’t go. He looked at Tony, his eyes dropping to the necklace Tony wore, where a sky-blue stone caught the candlelight and seemed to almost flicker to life, the way a nightblossom might open to the moon.
“Then so it shall be,” Tony said.
“They’re gonna say stuff about me on TV and those websites where they talk about vaccines making you sterile and sell that caveman Alpha powder,” Tony said as he flopped down on the stack of pillows Steve piled up behind him at an angle.
intent, let us say, though Zola, well.  Enough of that, I suppose.  But, no matter, it would be pleasing to see you enjoying the company of a friend, especially one with whom you share so much—what?” Tony stopped short, drawing back at what must have been plain on Steve’s face. “Oh,” Tony said, expression softening as his eyes filled with sadness.  He shook his head and looked down, then back up at Steve, his face a mask of anguish.  “Oh, Steve. I’m so sorry. I should have—I don’t know what I was thinking, I—”
The creature hummed, pursed its lips and blew a huff of air out of its gills.  It didn’t seem all that impressed, though Steve wasn’t quite sure how to explain someone like Peggy to someone like Shellhead.
each other, he knew that. Steve had loved her, he was sure of that.  Maybe he hadn’t loved her quite the way he meant to, nor she, him, but love nonetheless, bright and beautiful.
He scrubbed his hand over his face and pushed away from the dresser, straightening his tie as he walked towards the door.  He grabbed the suit jacket where it hung on the valet stand and swung it around his shoulders, jabbing his arms into it and reaching up to smooth the collar as he opened the suite’s bedroom door.  No reason to put off this charade any longer, he supposed.  Dinner, Pepper said.  Somewhere popular.  Be seen, she insisted.  Look married, she told him.  Tony had suggested he could work his way through a bottle of scotch while Steve spent the weekend on the yacht of a “friend,” but that had not gone over particularly well.
“Clan way.  No bad. Ty make bad,” Anto tried to explain.  It was frustrating, not having all the words. He wanted to tell Steve that the other Omegas often seemed to enjoy it.  That they preened and bared their necks for their favorite Alphas. That they didn’t mind if some Alpha truly had need. It was like sharing anything else, and the clan had to share to survive.  It was Tyber who used it to hurt and humiliate. But, he remembered Maara teasing her mate and how he would sometimes bring her a handful of the big, red berries she liked, slipped the choicest bits of meat from his portion to her, and stayed with her when her baby went back to the spirit world.
Look at this fabulous fanart done by selfmadesuperhero for Chapter 8 (Gift With Purchase Remix Bonus Chapter).  Just...nugh.  Yes.  Ahem. Anyway, for more fabulous art and info on commissions, go to selfmadesuperhero.tumblr.com.  Fantastic artist to work with.  Highly recommend.
“Awww, that’s so sweet of him.  I might cry,” Tony deadpanned, shooting Steve a grimace.
. Give the man credited, Rhodey had learned that pretty quickly.
“I think I can take a rooftop deck,” Steve told him.
don’t work that way.  I think you know that,” Tony replied, voice low and insistent.  “I think you don’t know what you want.  That’s okay.  I’ve got all the time in the world for you to figure it out.”
“Sounds about right,” Tony agreed with a shrug.  “So. You’re James Rhodes.”
come and get you, Tony,” Steve husked out, then bent forward and wrapped his arms around Tony, one hand pressed to the back of Tony’s head.  “Always.  I promise, okay?”
“Steve?” Tony entreated again.
“Yes, Alpha,” Tony murmured.
Their hotel wasn’t particularly big, but Steve slowed his steps as he headed for their room.  What was he going to say when Brock inevitably asked him about last night?  He wasn’t sure.  That it was fine, he supposed.  That he was fine.  He had the check.  Probably, Brock wouldn’t really want to know all the details, and for whatever reason, Steve didn’t particularly want to share them.  It felt… like something he wanted to keep for himself.  At least for now.
“Yes, okay, fine, they happen to be one of the few putting something on the market.  A few.  A very few.  Not the high-end ones for the Army, but still fairly advanced compared to what’s out there.  Pricey, though.  Some surfer who lost a leg below the knee in a car accident has one.  This executive who was injured mountain climbing.  Not many.  I see quite a few GoFundMe’s for people trying to raise enough money for one. These things are way too experimental and expensive for insurance to cover,” Pepper said, then bit her lip and glanced out the window for a moment, watching the cars slide by as they drove.
Steve blinked at him, surprised and absurdly pleased. It felt like an olive branch, Steve thought. Maybe. Was he supposed to take it?  Or turn it down and release Tony from the obligation of spending time with him? He didn’t think he was capable of turning it down.
“Tony,” Steve said, and he felt a squeeze on his arm.  It slowed everything down, somehow.  Grounded him.
“It was time,” Steve said at Tony’s incredulous look.   “Our allies know.  All the missions with SHIELD.  People will talk.  There will be pictures or video one of these days.  I kind of stand out. Thought it would be smart to get out in front of it.”
him, Steve thought, and him in me, a part of me, with me.
Once, Steve had wanted him to stay.  Tony was fairly sure that Steve didn’t want him to leave, even now, not really, and that was so close to wanting him to stay.  So very close. Give it time, he told himself sternly.  Woo.  Lots of woo.  He could woo.  For some reason, he heard laughter in his head that sounded a lot like Rhodey’s.
He swallowed thickly, throat bobbing. There was someone in there, waiting for him. Waiting for this. Wanting this, the way he wanted it, whatever their reasons were. They needed this, too. That thought made it easier to turn the knob and open the door.
about this.  This is crazy, you know that, right? Right.”  The alien’s face remained impassive, though he kept his marble-eyes on Tony.  Tony craned his neck around to look again at the shelf where his suit was sitting.  “When this is over, I could kind of use a lift,
“Why not?” Brock replied.  “No time like the present, right?  Besides, we need to know how all this is going to work, you know what I mean?  Do you just show up or--or what?  Oo--here, concierge desk. That’s gotta be it.” He held up the phone to show Steve the number.
.  I don’t even have you a ring.  I don’t put my bowls in the dishwasher.  I can’t cook for shit.  I’m--”
“Engine stops whining after it lands,” Steve said mildly, then laughed at his own joke.  Tony bit the inside of his cheek, shoulders shaking with mirth, mostly at the familiar resurgence of Steve’s inherent goofball.
“Huh?” Tony startled out of his reverie.  “Oh, ah.  Yeah, just some…ah.  It wasn’t anything really.  A few intro things, nothing—“
“Wha—what?” Tony stammered in momentary confusion, blinking up at Steve as his words caught in his throat with an audible click.  Steve wasn’t mad.  Steve wasn’t going to yell at him.  Nothing bad was going to happen.  It was okay.  Tony hadn’t screwed up.  Everything was okay.
“Give me one good reason why not, Tony,” Pepper commanded.
It’s always a bit of a letdown when you are boiling with pent-up frustration and the object of your ire manages to be absent while you stew, Steve thought long minutes later when no Tony materialized in the workshop.  His agitated pacing took him on yet another circuit of the room.  He was about to ask JARVIS for help, when he happened to notice something on Tony’s workstation as he walked past it for the third time.  Tucked under one of his Starktablets, Steve’s eye caught on a corner of paper.  He recognized the color and consistency of it, as well as the soft pencil lines.  Taking it by the corner, he pulled it out from under the tablet and realized it was his sketch of Wet Tony, the crinkling on the paper indicating it had been crumpled up and then flattened out again, now apparently placed under the tablet to try to flatten it out even more.
“Mocking the elderly, Stark?” Steve chided.  “You can take your new-fangled rock-n-roll music and get off my lawn,” Steve said mildly, setting Tony to grinning.
“I’m not judging you, Tony. I don’t care about that,” Steve told him firmly.
“That's not—no. I saw the deposit myself, Rhodey,” Tony insisted with a vehemence he hadn't known he could still summon. “I saw it. You think I'm going to just believe Howard? Hell, Jarvis was the one who handled the transaction, and I didn't even believe him. Went down to the damn bank and scared the crap out of some poor girl in the wire transfer department. Even then, I didn't want to believe it. Even then, I'm the stupid idiot who had to go beat down Steve's door and get to see Life of the Rich and Tony-less. He—he admitted it, Rhodey. He admitted it. So. So, yeah.”
“When has that ever stopped you?” Steve asked with a gruff half-smile.
“Hope the idiot got the clap, but so what?” Tony asked.
“Guess you could say that,” Steve replied.  “I do think I’m a very lucky man to have someone like Tony in my life.  True, we’ve only known each other a short time, but there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for him.  To protect him. Amazing how he can inspire loyalty in people like that. But, of course, you would know all about that, having been so close to him for so long.  Almost like a second father, to hear him tell it.”
“Shut up, Rogers,” Mitch grumbled.  “You’ve had this coming since basic.”
“Not going anywhere,” Steve assured him.  He could feel sleep and probably something else pricking at the back of his eyes.  He wasn’t entirely certain that he wasn’t lying to Tony or himself or both.
“Yes, he, ah…” Yinsen began, then stopped and switched to the language the Omega spoke, before back to the one he shared with Steve. “There are specific things he wants. He seems...confused. About the keep. He believes it to be yours now.”
“You didn’t know. I didn’t say.  I want—I want to be here, it’s fine, it’s just…I can’t. With the water. Not like that.  Backwards like that. I can’t,” Tony mumbled. He looked down at his feet, where the water swirled down the drain, then over at the line of shampoo, conditioner and body wash in the cubby, anywhere but at Steve.
, though Steve ignored him. “I’m just saying, we can do this ourselves. We’ve been doing fi—"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah,” Steve started, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.  He looked around the room and bit his lip, then back at Tony.  “I’m absolutely certain Superman would kick Cap’s ass,” Steve responded, then coughed into his fist to cover his laughter.
“There is so much, so much, that I would show you, so much we could do...A war rages that you barely know about, and--and I would have you by my side again, if I could,” Tony told him, his voice soft and rough, almost beseeching.  “I do not ask you to forget your family.  I would never do that. For them, you will pass into memory.  Good memories, I have no doubt.  You’ve made a difference, Steve, you really have. But, there is a new family waiting for you.  You can be reborn, as you once were, young and stronger and faster than you can imagine. A new life, if you want it. If you do not,” Tony broke off, looking away, his face stretched thin, “then I will offer you that, too,” he finished, turning dark eyes back to Steve.
“Cameron,” the boy whispered.  “But, they call me Cam.  Sir.  I mean, Master.”
an R8, J!  How is that not enough to impress the Real Housewives of New Moneyville?”
“Jesus.  Didn’t think you’d take me up on it,” Tony said into the darkening cabin.  His voice sounded like he couldn’t quite get the right amount of air, either too much or too little making the words sound breathy.  Steve shifted Tony’s position a bit to straighten out his airway and keep him at a better angle, in case there was any fluid building up on his lungs.
“Did you get a chance to meet Dum-E and U?” Steve asked.  “They’re incredible.  Like something out of one of those B movies.  The Green Hornet.  Undersea Kingdom.  The Phantom Creeps…”
“Because a man who holds a sword in his hand has a choice.  And that’s what freedom is, when you get down to it.  That’s where it starts, anyway.  With a choice,” Steve replied, while Cam studied him with large, brown eyes that held far too much trust.  “Also, you might hurt someone,” Steve finished with a small smile that the boy returned.
This wonderful comic was done by the incredibly talented snowzapped.  Check out their tumblr at snowzapped.tumblr.com for commission info!
“Of course.  We’re fine here.  Really, Tony, do what you need to do,” Steve urged, as Tony grabbed his jacket from the back of one of the dining room chairs and shrugged it on.
“Okay, whatever you say, man,” Bucky responded, clapping Steve on the back and getting up from the sofa.  “Try to get some sleep, dude.  You look like crap,” Bucky said, heading for his bedroom.  “Oh, and the hot water’s out again,” he smiled.  “Welcome back.”
“Keep him,” Pepper repeated, a smile dancing across her mouth.
“You sound sure of that,” Stark replied.
Tony twisted his head around to look through the crowd.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Josh’s pale, blond head standing next to a much older man with a large, protruding stomach, somewhat grotesquely held in by his cummerbund.   Model-airplane-building, blue-pill popping, tiny-cock-having Hugh, Tony supposed, suppressing the urge to shudder.  Couldn’t really hold it against Josh for wishing he had Steve.  Hard to blame the guy, considering.
plausible.”  A blush crept up Steve’s neck, and he gave Tony a pointed look, but there was a small smile playing on his lips.
You’re an idiot, Rogers, he told himself, mouth flattening into a thin line. Tony Stark got exactly what he wanted from Steve, just like he probably got what he wanted from everyone else, and that was the end of it.  This was real life, not some fairy tale, and whatever it was, the whole thing was over now.
“Oh, I took a look,” Obie said.  He made his way over to the small bar and picked up a large decanter, which swirled with amber liquid, and held it up in offer.  Tony shook his head.  “Right.  Forgot.”
“Which means I’m right, but you don’t like hearing it,” Tony pointed out.  Steve let out a rush of air that might have been a laugh or a sigh, Tony wasn’t sure, and ran a hand through his hair before shoving both of them in his pockets.
older. He’d lived through a Depression as the son of poor Irish immigrants, too sickly to do much to earn his keep, always a burden on his mom and always reminded of it by his father, his life straddled two World Wars, he fought in one, and somehow, he ended up here after only twenty-five lived years.
“Yeah, that.  It’s hard for him, and I get that, and I’m trying not to be too—you know. Too me, about it,” Tony said.  “He’s giving me a key to his apartment.”
Steve cast a quick look at Tony, who was looking at him in question, though, Steve realized, it wasn’t a demand, and saw that Tony had his hand out, held suspended in mid-air, waiting for Steve to take it or not.  Steve grabbed for it like it was a lifeline and felt Tony give his hand a slight, reassuring squeeze.  Steve held on as Tony propelled them forward through the lines of reporters pressing in from all sides.  A man he recognized as Tony’s driver appeared next to Tony as soon as they were out of the elevator, some kind of human shield against the throng.  The reporters were shouting things at them, snatches of it filtering through to Steve’s ears.
