“Butterfingers!” Tony grinned as the bots whizzed down the corridor. “I brought a friend home. Name’s Stevens. I repeat, he’s a friend. Do
As one, Steve and Tony moved closer to the cage, making sure that their movements were large and exaggerated and slow to signal that they weren’t there to hurt him.
Tony took a seat across from Stevens and Rhodey sat beside him. “Give up Stevens. Deborah always does this.”
“It’s the chameleon circuits,” the man replied, stepping closer to the box. “They’re what allow the TARDISes to blend into their environments.”
He had no plans, but he had his voice. “Let’s escape.” When he finally said it, it became something solid, a promise for Yinsen and for himself. Everything else would fall into place. Because it was for Yinsen’s sake, if not for his, that he should get him out of this hellhole.
DUM-E whined, rotating his claw and trapping himself even further on Butterfinger’s whisk. Tony growled, “Oh my God, DUM-E. What did I tell you?”
Tony didn’t know what compelled him to take Stevens back out onto the porch after lunch. The temperature was dropping rapidly, but seeing the excitement on Stevens’ face earlier when he saw Butterfingers exterminating everything was so contagious that he wanted to happen again and again, forever. He couldn’t help it: he loved that soft, easy grin that graced his face, turning his sadness into something different, something that Tony liked.
Steve opened his eyes, staring at the man in front of him. Tony licked his lips, and his eyes followed the movement. “Man, you’re so gorgeous. That’s a good look on you.” Tony grabbed him again and took him down the corridor, opening the door.
A beat longer, then, “Yeah,” Stevens said finally. He gave a fragile smile, visibly shaking off the feeling then. “Come on then, you were taking me to see your workshop?”
“I finally got into the TARDIS,” Tony said, twirling his fork into his spaghetti. “You were right. I asked the TARDIS to let me in, and she did. I didn’t believe it at first.”
Steve finally noticed that his breaths were harsh and loud in the dead silence, a silence that is similar to the one in his dream. He couldn’t take this. Tony had never ripped him apart in his dreams so viciously in his dreams. Those words…they were new, and Steve had never imagined the situation that way.
Tony sits on his haunches. “I don’t need protection Steve. I can protect myself. Besides, I like it here because I can toss rocks at stupid dogs."
Tony matched his smile. He still hurt, what with the way the past two years had treated him, but there was also a sense of blooming sense of hope that grew within his chest. He breathed back, “Hey Steve.”
Steve laughed. “Mission accomplished. But you were certainly worth waiting for.” He drew back and stared into his eyes.
Steve smiled at Tony and placed a sweet but lingering kiss on his lips. “Just a thank you, I think, JARVIS.”
Steve and Tony waited with bated breath as Tiny Steve slowly uncurled himself and approached them again cautiously. His head was tilted, and he stared at them less with fear now and more with curiosity.
Because you’re Captain America, all-American hero, perfect human. I always thought you had a reason to hide your wings, but I never thought that you weren’t good enough for me. I’m just a mechanical flighted human.”
“Understandably. You nearly died.” Yinsen mused, “I don’t know the real reason you were kidnapped, but you are a very high value target, and an omega werewolf too.”
However, he still couldn’t stop a small wave of disappointment of realizing that the ship and the man would probably be gone in the morning.
There he was, running towards him at full speed, sheer relief in his eyes, and Tony pulled away from Nebula to stumble towards Steve. Steve held him up in waiting arms.
“Thanos did what he said he would do: he wiped out half of all living creatures,” Natasha exhaled. She was sallow and looked just as defeated as Steve felt, which was a testament to the loss of control they all had, if emotions were showing on their faces.
“Do you have an idea?” Tony asked, putting aside his personal problems to do the task at hand. He could do this, this thinking part because that was who he was, to be first and foremost the innovative thinker.
“He could use some food and water,” Steve relayed to Tony. Tony turned around to get the supplies Tiny Steve requested, and Steve looked at his back longingly. So focused on staring at the man, he was not prepared for the onslaught of arousal that filtered into his mind, and it took all of his concentration to tamp down the sudden feeling and bulge in his pants.
Steve tucks his hand under Tony's neck and lifts him up as he continues to pound relentlessly into Tony's ass. He feels owned - not by choice - but he reluctantly loves it too. His cock slaps against his leg as Steve pulls out and pushes in, dragging his cock against his prostate.
Tony, as he frequently did when around Steve, opened up his tablet and grabbed the stylus to scribble on schematics so as to not let his hands wander upon Steve’s person. It was too tempting otherwise, to see Steve’s dirty suit hug his form, and Tony bit his lip, gripping onto his tablet tightly until his knuckles turned white. The rest of the flight passed with Emily Nagogski’s soothing narration on the sound system and each man lost in thoughts about the other.
“Shut up Clint,” Tony snarked back, and he weaved his fingers into Steve’s hand. “And he was still better than you’ll ever be.”
“I had a look of your latest exam, and you guys did an absolute shit job. Most of you guys understood the beam theory just fine, but your conceptual understanding of the limitations of how to go about a non-standard structure of one that you hadn’t seen before was completely in the gutter. Good thing this exam is only worth twenty percent of your grade and you have two more exams to make up for it,” Tony said to the sleepy nine am faces. “Or not, depending whether you decide to continue to
Tony remembers the incident well enough, and the scars from that ordeal sends phantom pains down his body. Luckily, Steve’s right there to drag Tony back into his embrace, holding him gently between his paws until Tony’s body stops shivering.
She replied, “We will be adrift in space until we reach our destination, and it would take longer to get to Earth than if we were to get to the outpost first.”
Tony pressed back, breathing hard but relaxing, trusting Steve not to hurt him. “I’m ready,” he breathed. “I really want you, everything. Bare. I want nothing between us.”
Steve let out a dry sob, but he did as Tony asked, flapped his wings more powerfully. His wings were aching because he never done this before, but to hear Tony’s litany of praises in his ears, giving him constant encouragement, made Steve want to try harder. He flapped again, and this time, enough wind caught under his wings and lifted them into the sky.
They were a block from Tony’s house when Stevens cleared his throat. He was carrying himself better, as if the walk in the chill shedded the effects of the incident earlier, and he was more self-assured. “I’m very sorry about what just happened there,” he said. “Something just came over me, and it was like I was hallucinating for a moment.”
I’m trying to have a peaceful dinner and these two douchebags are making out at the table next to me. It’s in poor taste I tell you. Is that not a health code violation?
Steve never liked him that way, in the way that the image implied, that was for sure; his mind must be performing tricks on him. It was…incongruent to the letter Steve had written two years ago. Tony had it memorized by now after rereading it so many times that the words became meaningless.  Steve
That taken care of, Steve could focus on studying the room, noting the bubbling tanks, the glass cages, electronic equipment, and piles of paperwork strewn all around the room. Steve carefully walked around the room, making sure nothing jumped out at him. There was a blinking console at the center of the room – Steve marked that as something that Tony should take care of.
When Steve looked down, Tiny Steve covered his face with his hands, but even his fingers couldn’t completely hide the redness that stained his cheeks.
Stevens slumped over his plate of food. “I just...I don’t even know what I did wrong,” he said morosely.
But as he held it, his ears perked up at the sounds outside of the cave. They were very faint, but his sharp werewolf hearing could pick up sounds of fighting. There was a loud roar. It was followed by a group of howls that made Tony’s knees shake. Those were Alpha howls, and those sounds bore nothing good.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine.” He wasn’t, not really, but Bucky had to take of his own mother and sister. “Really, I’ll be fine.”
“You know,” he said, “Dad always told me that Captain America had the most beautiful wings that he’d ever seen, so strong, beautiful, and gorgeous, protecting those in need.”
“Yeah, just this last werewolf,” another voice, probably Rumlow, said. “Good riddance. I can’t wait to get out of this God-forsaken place. Fucking werewolves.”
He may have been grounded, but he still had two fists, and America needed men. Still, four tries, four “4F’s,” and Steve sighed at his luck.
He wanted to go back to his Tony. Sure, his Tony may not have a physical body, but Stevens didn’t care; he just wanted to be with his man, forever. Instead, he was stuck outside, in the cold, wandering around like a lonely traveller with nothing to do, stranded in the middle of the cold Cambridge in February, 1989. He felt guilty to want Tony’s younger self, even though he was given permission.
You’re just jealous you came runner up, but I guess you’re used to coming second place to a superior genius.
Tony groaned under his breath. He just wanted to check the thing out – it wasn’t like he’s seen a police box before.
Steve came back to himself after an indeterminate amount of time. He was on his side, and Tony was behind him and spooning him. His wings were placed carefully behind him, and Tony’s free arm circled around his body, protecting him.
“It’s amazing,” Tony agreed, pecking him on the check. “You ready to soar now? It’s easier than keeping us up.”
“Whoa there, it’s just JARVIS.” Tony lifted the helmet to eye level. “He’s a…non-human being, a bit of my handler and…oh, he’s a friend. Nothing to fear, and JARVIS? Yes, engage.”
Tony said, “It’s okay that it’s not with—” but Deborah had already moved away from them, so Tony trailed off, “—Stevens.”
“I need your help,” Tony admitted, when it was just Yinsen and Tony and the crackling fire. “My fingers are not steady enough to do the fine things I need to do.”
“If you help me,” Nebula said when the silence dragged out for a long time, “if we defeat Thanos and take away the Infinity Stones from him, Earth can be protected. We can reverse his damage, but I can’t do this alone.”
Because if what he said was true, that the Doctor was a time traveler (not that he believed the nutter – he was a man of science, after all, and that police box was not a spaceship, no matter how many times the man insisted) – then he should be gone by morning. Either way, it wasn’t his business.
. Steve opened the door none too gently, taking in the men with the white lab coats staring back at him.
Stevens laughed. “It’s not a problem.” And as if he needed another way for Tony to like him more, Stevens turned to DUM-E and said, “Hello DUM-E. It’s very nice to meet you.”
Because even if it wasn’t his fault, it still felt like was with the fact that his wings symbolized death. And there his ma was, in bed, dying in front of him.
All that is left in this room is sleep, think, sleep, think some more, sleep yet again. Steve would never let him out of the room - he's a danger to himself and to others. And he'll take it because he doesn't think he can survive betraying Steve again and seeing him die under his own hands.
Oh god, he’s talking about how his fear of having children stems from his daddy issues. IT’S THE FIRST DATE FOR GOD’S SAKE.
“I’m going to get him,” Steve promised, standing up. As he did so, feathers fluttered and rippled in the air.
“I couldn’t have even been that drunk!” he protested. “Butterfingers just appeared out of the blue one day and never left! I couldn’t have possibly created Butterfingers. I may do drunken binges, but even I wouldn’t stoop so low as to use a plunger to create my projects. Why don’t you believe me?”
“Me too,” Tony said, breath leaving him when Steve pressed him against the cold bedroom window. He shivered slightly, and then he wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist while Steve brushed his nose down Tony’s jawline and marked him with a press of lips down his neck. Tony tilted his head sideways, submitting, shuddering when Steve nipped the skin at the junction between the collarbone and neck.
A hand stopped him. “I see you’re awake, Mister Stark,” a voice said. Tony blinked, looking up at the man who touched him.
It was a weird feeling, feeling emotions that weren’t his...but it also felt right, as if this tiny creature filled an empty section of his soul that he didn’t know he was missing before. Tiny Steve was grinning at him, and Steve couldn’t help but send warmth back towards him.
“You can have one,” he graciously offered, grinning back as he took out the cookies out from the oven and moved them to a cooling rack, where there were at least four dozen other cookies sitting out to cool.
There was a silence that fell between them, and it took all of Steve’s self-control not to lash out and curse the world at the unfairness. However, the self-control wasn’t enough for him to kick a piece of rock out of his way, and Steve watched it fly in the air before it bounced and rolled to a stop beside a small rectangular…
The man chuckled, his eyes crinkling with mirth. “She tells me that you tried breaking in. She didn’t very much appreciate that.”
He was back in Red Room. Once dramatic and slightly frightening, the eerie starkness was just boring now. Tony paced the room, every footstep echoing hollowly. This…emptiness drove him out of his mind. It was a red room as far as the eye could see. He wished that he was back at his workshop. Or even on Earth.
“Besides,” Bucky said in a conspiratorial voice, “I love seeing the excitement on her face when I take her out flying. I get to hold her and fly with her. Wouldn’t be able to do that if she had wings.”
Because he couldn’t tell her that everything was alright, that he’d long plucked out his feathers again and again, the ones that he could reach, when they molted back in. She never knew that his life had been miserable ever since the kids found out how much of a freak he was, and even if Bucky still stuck by his side, there was a cautiousness when Bucky talked to him now.
He glared down at the culprit, disgruntled at the fact that his former heady high was interrupted by...something much less innocent. “You’re a menace,” he growled under his breath, removing his hands from his naked thumb. Tiny Steve looked back at him innocently.
He should move on - he didn’t know whether Tony was gonna come home alive or not, but as long as the dream felt real, he was going to hold on to it and believe. There was no way, now that he knew that Tony loved him, that he was going to give him up now, as long as there was a chance that he was still alive.
“They’re…” Natasha swallowed and cleared her throat before she tried again, “I couldn’t find them. It’s highly that they’re dead. Snapped. But it’s Clint, Steve. We can’t just leave him alone out there. I’m going after him.”
He couldn’t see his wings; he didn’t need to. All ugly and broken and mottled, streaked with black and white from all the harm he did to himself. He bit his lips when he heard a small gasp behind him.
“Obie’s riding my ass to finish the latest guns for the military,” Tony grouched. “I should be heading home to finish it.”
Indeed, those wings were different than normal wings, Steve realized when Iron Man touched down. The feathers weren’t down and soft; they were hard and sharp, as they were created from metal.
“Oh my god, it’s you again,” Tony groaned, closing his eyes and tilting his head up in a mock approximation of supplication. He didn’t want to deal with
“Indeed.” Yinsen stripped the armor down, and Tony slithered inside. It was like a metal coffin, and Tony was trapped inside. The armor was much too heavy for him to move properly, and it stifled him. Every piece that Yinsen placed on him felt more and more like a coffin. His coffin.
There would be no more sleep tonight, and there was no longer any point of staying in bed. “Lights at thirty percent,” Steve croaked out, mouth dry, and the lights turned on. Even as he moved towards the gym, the words played over and over in his mind, and they wired him up. It couldn’t be true. He lived in the present. He had Bucky back, he had Sharon, Sam, Natasha…
But talking about classical music was less interesting than this box and the man who claimed he owned a spaceship. Tony turned back to look at the TARDIS, and the man came up beside him. While the freezing torrent of snow battered against his entire being and covering everything within reach, Tony only had eyes for the contraption. It was fascinating to see something new and unique, different from anything else he had seen before. But he also knew that current technology did not permit anything like this to be a spaceship. He asked, “So you’re a time traveler?”
Steve shushed him. “Save your energy. We’re coming as fast we can to find you. You’re smart, you must have left a signal on, right? We’ll find you, and we’re bringing you home, Tony.”
bigger than Tony, and when he was expecting it, it was like shoving a shoulder against a brick wall. “It’s always on my dime even though you’re the rich one.”
It took so much will to pull away, and Steve wanted to cry when he said, “I can’t do this. I’m sorry Tony.”
Bruce shook his head. “I’ve been taking cat naps during diagnostics, but I’m working overtime to see if I can get Fury’s communicator boosted up with a stronger signal. I’ll be fine though.”
It was Stevens, gently lifting up the bot like it was nothing and placing the bot back onto his charging station.
And Tony watched themselves in the darkened window as they slowly fell apart, hurtling to the edge like a rocket. He was gasping, whining, crying, sharing breathless kisses with Steve, and he loved this more than anything.
“I’m not sad! But he dropped me in the middle of nowhere,” Stevens replied. “I didn’t even know where I was or when I was and it was all just very confusing very confusing very quickly.”.
“What happened?” Steve asks, finally calming down for the most part, though giggles still spill out from his mouth at random moments.
They fell into an easy silence, forks clinking softly against the ceramic plates, and it felt comfortable just sitting there with Stevens. It was so easy to to push all of his tasks to the back of his mind: no projects, no thesis, no class.
He had no intention just yet of doing that, but he needed an excuse to get as far away from her as possible. He didn’t wait for her to reply, tucking his helmet under his arm and headed towards the back where the ladder was. As he climbed down, he looked back to the utter sadness in Nebula’s posture, bowing over the armrest as she looked out at the wide and bottomless expanse of space.
There was a fragile flame of hope; Tony couldn’t think of that - he couldn’t think of him when Stevens moved away like a ghost in the wind.
“We are playing cars that would crash into each other!” Thor boomed while his eyes were focused on the screen in front of them.
The adrenaline high dissipated into thin air as they continued to climb higher into space and Tony’s eyes closed involuntarily, unwillingly, his body succumbing to his tiredness.
, Steve wondered, settling into a fighting stance. The woman had a uniform on: she wore a red and blue suit with a gold star adorning the center of her chest, her posture was confident, and her hair still billowed slightly from her unheard and unseen entrance.
Nebula dipped her head in acknowledgement, and then she turned and faced forward, hand moving the steering wheel. Conversation over, the ensuing silence roared in Tony’s ears. The space between them felt too small for the abundance of pain between them – all the oxygen in the room felt like it had dissipated. He rose from his seat, desperate to get some room. “I’m going down, see what this spaceship has. Perhaps I can build something that could help us a little bit, get home a little faster.”
We are in awe with the positive response we received in the last chapter. We read every single one and cherished every single comment you gave us. Thank you so much for commenting, kudosing, and loving this fic!
Sleep didn’t sound like a bad idea, although Tony still dreaded slipping back into his nightmares. So he scoffed, “Sleep is for the weak” as the last bite of biscuits disappeared.
“Weather’s worse,” Tony said again, and they walked to Deborah’s café. There really was nothing to it. Bad cables, perhaps, but nothing they should be worried about. The smell of delicious heavenly coffee invaded his nose, and he inhaled deeply, cherishing the love of his life. Then, his eyes trailed over to the table in the corner, unbidden.
As if Stevens was just one note off in a perfect symphony. Indeed, Stevens was amazing, but Tony recalled the very first conversation he had with him, all those days ago when they stood in front of the TARDIS, and Tony got the impression that Stevens was something else.
“Trade secrets,” Tony said. He felt better now that food settled in his empty stomach, but his eyes also nearly shut under their own volition. However, he also saw the way Nebula looked unimpressed by his answer. Besides, now wasn’t the time to be cocky, so he amended, “I’m building an AI that could calibrate to the ship.”
He traipsed up the stairs, pausing more than once to catch his breath, before he let himself into the apartment, breathing heavily through his mouth and biting off small whines of pain. His back twitched, and then it burned, a fiery heat that coarsed down the entire length of his wing muscles and into his feathers.
“Didn’t we agree that we would never mention that incident again?” Tony interrupted. He glared at his friend.
He hoped one day that he got the chance. But that was here nor there, so Tony said instead, “You’re going to love it, I swear. Never a day where it isn’t interesting.”
Steve thought dully. “Wha – “ Steve started, stopping when his voice cracked. He cleared his throat. “What’s the status?”
Natasha rolled her eyes and reached over to tug his wing muscle playfully. Clint toppled over dramatically, flopping onto Steve’s chest. “Save me!” he cried. Steve stood there, frozen, as Clint buried his face in his chest.
Steve stepped back and curled his wings tightly to himself, avoiding the curious look that Fury gave him. “Just get me a back brace, please Fury.” He hated that his voice sounded so fragile.
The bubble of laughter burst through, and Steve laughed and laughed and laughed, eyes crinkling at their antics. He enjoyed their easy banter and admired the way Clint’s purple wings tangled with Natasha’s blood-red ones like children.
”I’m writing a screenplay. It’s about this guy who never really feels like he fits in. Like he’s just different.”
Hottie just looked at his phone in feigned surprise. “Oh weird, I have a text from my mom.” I just inhaled my coffee and coughed loudly
Steve looked at her, then looked down at the sketch he made. A reaper, complete with a hooded cape and a scythe, black wings outstretched and foreboding. He was that reaper. “Sure Peggy,” he said hollowly.
Steve gaped, and there was a gnawing at the pit of his stomach. He was so careful. “Give it back,” he said, strangled.
Tony turned to look at him. “Did you say something Cap?” His golden-brown eyes were curious and stunning, and Steve’s breath caught for a second.
What the world needed now were the Avengers to bring them out of this great loss, but the truth of the matter is, Steve…Steve couldn’t do it. He wasn’t a politician; he was a soldier. And he had no choice even though he felt so lost.
“Language,” Steve absentmindedly said, throwing his shield ahead of him. He cringed when the words caught up to him. “Sorry, I – “
He was shaking, Steve realized, as they stood out there on the balcony with him about to show his wings to the world for the first time in seventy years. “I’m so scared,” he said in a small voice.
He was mostly flightless now. He supposed he liked it. Still, there was a foul taste at the back of his throat when he saw the rest of the feathers he couldn’t reach stuck in the back of his wings.
“Steve,” he rasped, tears of relief and unhappiness in his eyes. Because as much as he missed Steve, he also missed Peter. “I lost the kid.”
He woke up with tears streaking down his face. His soul still ached, but his eyes were dry when he finally moved from his position. He peeled himself off the wall, mouth dry and face wet, and he rubbed his drying tears with the back of his hand. A bottle of water appeared in his sight. “Thanks,” Tony rasped, taking the bottle from Nebula’s hand. He drank with deep swallows, the chill of the water refreshing his body.
Tony let out a litany of long, lewd moans of pleasure, feeling the finger fuck him. “Gimme another one,” he said, and Steve obliged, pressing another finger within him, stretching him sweetly and slowly. Tony drooled against the window. Two fingers wasn’t much for him as someone who fucked and regularly got fucked, but Steve’s fingers were another story: big, strong, fighter’s hands, but also artist’s hands, ready to hurt, but also ready to admire and love. And those fingers in his ass were definitely loving.
Tony whines every time those cruel fingers mark him, pinching his nipples hard. His cock jerks. He hates it: he hates the way that his body isn't his anymore, he hates this house arrest, he hates the way that Steve takes and takes and takes, but most of all, he hates the way his traitorous body loves it. He shouldn't want this, but he does.
As much as Tony promised that the rest of the team wouldn’t judge his wings, old habits died hard, and Steve put the back brace on when they were out and about. Because even though Tony praised his wings every time he saw them (and Steve blushed every time without fail), he was still too scared to know what the rest of the team thought of them.
Tony was too cold to argue the man in the trench coat, so he just waved the Doctor goodbye and left him to his devices.
His ma wasn’t happy that his translucent wings turned to something colorful when he finally came of age for it to molt; she looked terrified when she looked at them. He knew that, with the way Sarah looked at them, his wings weren’t something to be proud of, no matter how beautiful he initially thought they were.
She stopped, sighed, anger deflating but grief still palpable on her face. “I know I will never defeat him myself no matter how many times I try, but I will die facing him so that no one else will have to suffer the same fate as we did.”
“Hold up a second,” Tony interrupted hastily. “We didn’t discuss going back to fight Thanos again. We were just thoroughly defeated by him, and we were at full strength. How do you think we’re going to win when there are only two of us?”
Tony pressed his hands against his eyes. No leads whatsoever in finding any signal of the Stones. He sighed tiredly.
Tiny Steve was more expressive than his larger counterpart, and his face scrunched up in thought before it smoothed out and he nodded. He trilled, and Steve smiled. He placed his hand into his cage, palm up, and Tiny Steve leapt directly onto his palm before he folded his legs under him, settling comfortably there in the center of his hand.
And he didn’t, even though Steve was sad when Thor replied solemnly, “Asgard is no more. My people are gone as well for Thanos has murdered them, so I will stay on Earth.”
Tony clutched onto him harder. “Are you kidding me,” he said flatly. “You were worried I wasn’t good enough for you when here I was thinking that
for being cursed, and being jeered for being cursed was even worse than being jeered for being flightless. But at least he would have the opportunity to fight, and to die, for the country.
He hated the Stones with a passion, and no amount of looking at it would diminish that utter despise of them.
Steve huffs in amusement at their antics before he settles down and nuzzles Tony again. As Steve stands up, he says with a happy smile, “If anything, your friends are already packed up and ready to go." He gently nudges Tony to look at Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy crawling down the tree, cheeks bulging with what is most likely nuts.
A bit later—showered, caffeinated, slightly sobered, and tucked safely into his massive king-sized bed—Tony checked his phone, only to see that last text he sent to Steve.
It felt much too long before he gripped the doorway with a white-knuckled grip, looking at himself in the dirty bathroom mirror. He stared at his sickly face, the pallor of his skin more pale than normal, and then he turned to see the source of the pain that radiated down his back.
Tony drew back and looked at the man in front of him, with those azure eyes, blue like the clear sky, shiny and free, and he gave Steve a watery smile. “You think I’m the special one? Look at you, the sweetest Captain America, handsome, strong, the man every woman wants, and you chose to be with me.”
Tony is sleeping, Extremis is still coursing through his veins, but he can't access it - he doesn't have any ability to get any form of electronics in this room. He's essentially blind, locked out to the rest of the world, and he's going mad with the fact that he can't do anything about it. People get hurt when Tony is left to his own devices, so he takes it, even though he doesn't want to.
Steve’s eyes glistened with tears. “I know. I took it too far, and I’m so sorry for letting you down. No. I let both you and Bucky down.”
He took a quick glance behind him, making sure that no one was noticing that he was about to (illegally) break into a police box. Satisfied with the lack of attention, he turned back to crouch in front of the lock, taking out his lock pick set from his bag. It was something he always carried with him since he had a tendency to forget his keys or get locked out of his own labs by Rhodey.
“Yes, well, what Johann had originally was worse.” The man gave him a bland smile, and Tony crunched his nose with the thought.
“Electromagnets. It was the best I could do to prevent the shrapnel from reaching your heart.” Tony traced the wires from his chest until he found the other end, connected to a car battery. He inhaled. It was painful with the foreign object in his chest, but there was no other choice he had.
Hottie works for a non-profit. Asshole is condescendingly explaining to him why most non-profit models don’t work...
Tony moaned around the first bite, closing his eyes for a moment to savor the taste. The flavors of onions and garlic burst into his mouth, mellowed by the taste of tomato and basil. And when he opened his eyes again, he could see a faint dusting of pink that graced Stevens’s cheek.
The spaceship in front of them was standing there in all its glory, perfect and untouched by the fight. Tony hated it, and it felt silly to have a grudge against an inanimate object. However, it just felt like a sin to see the ship marked
Bruce came over with a Q-tip, encouraging Tiny Steve to do a swab test. “He didn’t need any water like Octopus Tony, does he?”
Everything was in technicolor and overwhelming. The one thing that didn’t change was that there were still more flighted people than grounded ones, and there was not one person that had wings that were as dark as his.
And Steve watched as the stranger’s face fell for just a fraction of a second, but it was enough for Steve to let down his guard a little. “Who are you?” he asked again softly.
Indeed it did, when Steve peered in through the driver’s window. Stolen SHIELD tech had outfitted the interior of the car.
Sometimes, he dreamt about Steve walking away from him, holding an unconscious Bucky by his side. Every step away from Tony felt final, and whatever bonds of fate they had between the two tugged painfully at his heart with every inch further away, and it felt as if it was going to snap in half.
If he didn’t pluck his feathers all the time, he could have probably flew too. He wasn’t flightless, just...cursed. But with the fact that his wings had been in a back brace for years, the muscles must have atrophied too.
“Also, has Cambridge been dealing with a lot of blackouts lately?” Rhodey asked. “There’s just been a constant flickering of lights everywhere I go.”
His body burned when he woke up, the agony so vicious that he couldn’t even scream. He couldn’t breathe, and he couldn’t curl up to roll away from the pain. Tony wanted to die with the way that the fire encompassed him, but there was a slight breeze that washed over him before a cold, damp towel pressed against his forehead. Tony forced his eyes to open into slits. There was a blob in the shape of a human hovering over him, but in the dim light and his blurry vision, he couldn’t make much out.
“Yeah, so that’s why you look so smitten.” Rhodey threw his arm over Tony’s shoulder and considered him. “Doesn’t he seem too old for you?”
Steve swallowed. The unshed tears glistened in his eyes, and he pressed his forehead against the wall. “How are things there?”
Tiny Steve whimpered under his breath, almost too soft for anyone else but a supersoldier to hear it. Steve smirked, watching as Tiny Steve stood there, head turned forward, frozen, wide-eyed, looking up at the mini octopus Tony, cheeks red and mouth open.
Nebula looked down, fists clenching briefly before releasing them just as quickly. “You have them,” Nebula replied.
She pursed her lips. “There’s a high likelihood that he is. There’s no way he would leave the car out here hanging when the risk of it going into the wrong hands are too high. No, he would have blown up the car first before fleeing. I think he was gone in the snap.”
If what he thought what Steve was going to say to him in the dreamscape were the same words that he thought about Steve, he needed to get home. He had something to look forward to, walking down firma terra to face Steve and have him tell those words face to face. It gave him an inkling of hope.
When Tony looked over, Stevens had a giant grin on his face. “I know someone else who loves blowing stuff as well.”
There weren’t any visible cues as to what HYDRA was working on. Then, the sound of a muffled shifting broke through the white noise, and Steve turned, shield lifted. There was no one behind him, but Steve was sure that he wasn’t the only living being in the room. A
When Tony looked past Captain America, he could see that rank scent of blood came from a slash that nearly split Yinsen in half. Yinsen was dead, and it was Captain America’s team who did that.
Steve shrugged and hit a few buttons on the control panel. “It was just something Bucky said as we were leaving the mayor’s house, back there. Made me wonder if that’s just the kind of thing I have to learn to put up with now.”
And although he hated his wolf, this missing presence was worse than anything he ever experienced. He let out a cry of despair, just before they settled Tony into a chair and strapped him down.
Tony huffed. “I said no, Butterfingers. We can exterminate later. Sorry, Butterfingers can get trigger-happy.”
But then, it was either this or go back home, facing the disgust and jeers of being flightless instead of fighting in the front lines. His fingers curled around the straps and unclasped them, the brace falling to the floor. Steve closed his eyes in shame.
“Face me?” Tony asked softly, and then he helped Steve take off his shirt so that all that Steve had left between him and the world was his back brace. “Do you want to take it off yourself, or do you want me to do it?”
“You’re so pretty, sweetheart,” Steve replied softly, pulling his fingers out from Tony’s ass, and then there was the thicker, blunter pressure of his cock pressing against the rim of his ass. “Are you sure you’re ready for this? Condom?”
Bags were packed and students left more quickly than they came in. Typical. A few students hung around after class to ask him a few questions, and Tony was forced to remain on call until all of their questions were answered.
“I wouldn’t think so, but he always gave you more attention than the rest of us. So, to go back to your question, maybe perhaps you were stuck holding onto the past, forgetting that times have changed since then.”
“While you guys were here smooching your faces off, we did cleanup,” Natasha said. Steve and Tony drew back, blushing before they turned to look at her. She smirked. “You’re welcome.”
The Doctor rolled his eyes. “Why don’t you tell me your name first, and then I’ll decide whether that is true,” he said. “This was the second time I’ve caught you trying to break into my TARDIS.”
Steve gathered Tony up in his arms and carried him towards the spacious bathroom attached to Tony’s bedroom. “Well, I
Tony looked at Stevens, really looked at him, staring straight into his azure eyes and leaning slightly forward. “There is a lot of missing puzzle pieces that I don’t know yet. But I also think that you’re not from this time.”
“Earth to Tony,” Rhodey said, snapping his fingers in front of his face. “What are you looking at anyway?”
There was no answer. The man was long gone, and he was alone in the middle of the university grounds, where his breath was coming out in visible puffs, and he was standing in front of a thing. He couldn’t stop from feeling a wave of disappointment.
Exactly two years after his wings were supposed to change, ten-year-old Steve Rogers felt a slight burning sensation emananting in his flight muscles and radiating down his spine. While the ache in his back felt more painful than normal, the thought of his Ma coming home early from work to celebrate his birthday lifted his spirits, and he did his best to ignore the wave of pain that blossomed.
“It’s what’s going to replace this thing.” Tony tapped the center of his chest, biting down a moan when the thing rattled painfully in his chest. He gasped, “Bad idea. Regardless, I am not going to remain stuck to a car battery. This is an arc reactor.”
“You and he fit, too,” Pepper replied, barely moving her mouth as the pair surveyed the dance floor at the Maria Stark Gala - to which Steve had just shown up with Captain Marvel herself.
Tony wanted to sob, but it seemed as if his body was done giving up – his body breathed back new life because he had a second chance to fix things. Tony staggered beside Nebula’s calm and steady presence, letting her carry a good portion of his weight (which was admittedly not much, given the way the food ran out four days ago), and he breathed in the fresh air for the first time in weeks.
Stevens walked down Main Street, passing by strangers with cups of Deborah’s famous coffee in their hands, and then he remembered the incident that happened hours earlier.
“Why the long face, El Captain?” Tony asked as they settled back on the Quinjet. It had been a long, frustrating slog through the jungle over the past few days and the mission had taken its toll on everyone. Bucky and Nat were already asleep in their respective favorite chairs and Clint was close behind them. Steve had volunteered to fly home, but there was something happening on his face that worried Tony.
Yinsen gave him a sad look. “With the way the Alphas are looking at you? It is perhaps a good sign indeed.”
sympathetic because he hadn’t stopped thinking about Stevens - his ass in particular - since he saw him by the TARDIS and this reminder of competition was unwelcome. But before Tony could speak up, Stevens mumbled into his plate, “He told me that he was sick of me moping and that I should get rid of it before he would allow me to come back…” The rest of the sentence was too low and unintelligible to hear, but Tony found himself grinning like a lunatic.
Stevens was frowning even as he moved to follow Tony back out into the cold crisp air. Tony was excited. He was also a little bit nervous; he couldn’t believe that Stevens was interested in him
Because while there were some people in society that didn’t have wings, those people were few and far between, considered freaks because they didn’t have wings.
Steve traps the squirrel between his paws and noses into the stuck-up fur. Tony should be used to it by now, Steve nosing his way into his fur, but it is always a weird sensation in the beginning for Steve to lick his back with one motion and spit out a mass of leaves, twigs, and dirt from his back. Tony tries to squirm away, but Steve holds Tony down. “Hold still!” Steve says, tail wagging, before adding another big slobbery lick.
And he was horrified by his actions – even more so when Tony took a step back in surprise, a belated second after his fist had been already stopped in midair. They looked down at Steve’s fist, pressed against the invisible wall between them. Guilt swallowed Steve whole.
“Mario Kart, Thor, it’s Mario Kart,” Clint said, tilting his console, and his entire body, over, so that he was nearly learning on Steve’s lap.
“Hey, no, Deb’s really sweet and nice. She wouldn’t hurt anyone.” Tony took a step backwards and turned around, bringing Stevensn’s hand with him. Thankfully this time Stevens followed. “Let me take you home. You look like you could use some rest.”
And this was good, so good, so special, more than all the fucks that Tony ever had. He was doing this with the man he loved, a man who loved him back, and it was a lot to take in, to accept.
“We’re all broken, Steve,” Tony said softly. “They called me the ‘Merchant of Death,’ for God’s sake.”
Sarah slowly walked over to him, trying to mask her fear and her sadness, coming up to hug him. But he noticed that that hug was slightly more impassioned; she was drawing away from him.
“I just got home,” he said, “let me get coffee first and then maybe, just maybe, I’ll let you blow up some of my projects.”
“So young and already so snarky. I should dismantle you.” Tony shook his head. He would never do that though because it was his last tangible tie to
Like what? Do tell the public what you find attractive about me. Don’t forget to talk about my ASS-ets.
Tony stood out there in the dark and in the cold, alone in his thoughts when Rhodey opened the back door. “How long have you been standing there, idiot?” Rhodey asked. “Where’s the Captain?”
And sometimes, Tony fell in the same way Rhodey fell, the armor’s power cut mid-flight as the shield sliced cleanly through all the power sources in the armor. Tony fell like a fallen angel, arms stretched out as gravity took its hold and hurtled him uncontrollably to the ground.
Steve nodded, and he relaxed his wing muscles. Tony pressed his entire length against Steve’s, and then he fell back again, taking Steve with him.
And Steve pressed his entire weight forward, trapping Tony between his body and the glass, holding him softly and gently as the heavy, stiff weight of his cock pressed into Tony’s ass. Tony cried out as his ass accepted the intrusion, arching his back and taking more and more of it until Steve stopped, his balls pressed against his buttcheeks.
Tiny Steve trilled at him before looking up at Steve. He leaned to the side, pressing his tiny hands to Steve’s lick of skin not covered by his glove. Immediately, as soon as his tiny fingers brushed against the pad of Steve’s thumb, Steve felt everything his tiny counterpart was feeling: contentment, happiness, a little bit thirsty, a little bit hungry.
But divided, they fell. Perhaps if they were banded together like before, they would have succeeded in pushing back Thanos, but they would never know for sure. As such, the universe was numb from the utter devastation, facing the consequences of a judge, jury, and executioner.
Tony huffed. “Fine. Just this once.” Aluminum foil was good for cleaning out gunk in his metal projects, but they were also good for pet robots who enjoyed destroying things a little bit too much. He had balls of them laying around his workshop, and so he picked one off from off his desk and tossed it in the air.
“A lot of things that don't seem possible are,” the man said. He took Tony’s hand and placed it beside his upon the blue wooden box. “Feel the thrumming? That’s not just electronics. Can’t you
“What are you doing?” the man asked. His voice was a rich, deep baritone, and Tony fell in love just a little bit more.
Tony pursed his lips, and his hand weakly twitched towards her outstretched hand, letting her pull him up to his feet. “We’re home,” he breathed back at her, and she nodded.
And then he unlatched Tony’s legs from his waist and dropped down to his knees. Tony stared down at him from between his legs, feeling more than vulnerable in this state than ever before.
Update: everything’s under control, mostly. Besides the heat, Tony was winging the recipe and apparently put olive oil in the recipe. Or maybe it was motor oil?
To his back, Steve replied, “I care about you!” While the words were softly spoken, they were emphatic.
He’s now complaining about the “body” of the coffee, telling him that he knows a place that doesn’t over-roast their beans.
”You should try my paella, mom’s recipe. I think it’ll knock your pants off.” Asshole is winking...with both eyes
To be honest, he really shouldn’t. Steve should say no, get off the elevator, hide in his room, because he...he was bad omen. He shouldn’t be feeding his desire of Tony because he knew that if he got too close, people around him would burn.
It was patriotic to not give up the Jericho. But Tony wasn’t thinking about that. It was for Rhodey. He would never betray Rhodey, even at the cost of his life. The Alpha snarled, hearing the recalcitrance in his tone; he snarled back, not giving an inch. He would never allow terrorists, and terrible Alphas to control him.
A blue box was there, plain and simple, right in the heart of MIT. Tony found himself slowing down, walking towards it, mesmerized.
Steve sighed. “If…there was a way to turn back time, I wouldn’t have left you like that. I would have been honest about everything, and I should have trusted you.”
“Language again, Cap? Doesn’t it ever get old?” Even though Tony’s voice sounded flat in his ears, they’ve been working long enough that Steve knew he didn’t mean it. In fact, it sounded as if there was a hint of a smile on his face.
Steve blushed slightly and continued, “She felt we all just did whatever you told us to do and none of us had any, what’s the word Pepper uses? Agency. None of us had any agency. And I tried to defend you, because that’s not true at all. If anything you’re annoying with how much you make sure we like things or are okay with things and then she accused me of being gay, which I’m not, I’m listed as ‘bi’ because that’s what Bucky said we call it now, but even if I was, why is that a problem? And I think I’ve been clear about how I don’t like bullies.”
Steve stared at the holograms as if they would hold the answers to his problems. It was worse than he thought. Countries would topple entirely with the lack of stable infrastructure, if they hadn’t already.
...apparently, he looked into creating a non profit to raise awareness for early onset hair loss once
Nat: 3, Steve: 1. Steve: 5, Nat: 4. And on and on they went, blocking fists, grappling bodies, twisting around each other continuously as minutes, hours ticked by, until the sun came up and they finally stopped, panting hard from the exertion. Sweat dripped down their faces and Natasha’s hair no longer was in a braid. Steve was sure that he didn’t look much better.
Tony leveled him with a steady stare. “We can’t think like that – we would die in the face of hopelessness. We have to pick ourselves up and avenge, Cap. Because that’s who we are: we avenge those who had fallen.”
So far away, all he wanted was someone familiar, and STEVE provided that bittersweet comfort on this ship.
“I know it’s pitiful, but I’m still sorry.” Steve sighed, and he looked away for a moment, over Tony’s shoulder. Obviously, there’s nothing there, but he can’t bear to look at Tony else he get cold feet and forget to say what he needed to get off his chest. “You mean so much to me, and I realize that now. You’ve definitely been there for me when I needed you, and I’m sorry that I wasn’t when you needed me. You were right: you’re my friend too.”
, he thought, but Tony was grinning anyway. That was a resounding success. “Love you too, honeybunches!” he called through the door.
It took Fury less than thirty seconds to acquire the back brace that Steve requested. Once the familiar clinging pressed against his wings, Steve finally settled.
“I know you can, but I like doing this for you.” Steve gently shoves his wet nose under the fur on his neck and nuzzles there, scenting him and claiming him as his own. Tony hardheartedly bats at the offending nose before he turns around and presses his own nose to the dog’s.
“Code names,” Steve said, fighting two bots and smashing their heads together, aiming his shield at two other bots that were coming towards him ominously.
Steve wished he could get closer to Tony, had the chance to really touch him, but the damn barrier was in the way, blocking him from even feeling the warmth of his palm on the other side of the wall. “I’m…” his voice was thick. “I’m really here. It’s me.”
An omega on the run was bad - it spurred an alpha’s instincts to chase after him. But staying there was worse because then he would be dead meat. He ran across the desert despite the fact that his equilibrium was all shot to hell; at least he had a fighting chance when he ran, however small that chance was. He couldn’t stop; he wouldn’t stop, but he chanced a look back at the many wolves that chased him. Those eyes were all but red. Tony put on a burst of speed, running even faster to get away from them. But so focused on what was behind him, he failed to see the threat in front of him until he tripped and landed over it. Then, he sprawled ungainly on the hot sand, panting hard. Time slowed down as he turned his head towards the pack of Alpha wolves closing ground. It seemed inevitable, with the fact that he was an Omega wolf, being chased by Alphas, that nothing good would come after. Resigned, his eyes slipped down.
Steve nodded, an unhappy look in his eyes. “I had the same dream. And I’m sorry, I wasn’t there for you when you needed me.”
“Stark,” Nebula said, interrupting his musings. She turned her head and looked at him with a steady gaze, her grief carefully hidden in her eyes. Titan was just a miniscule speck behind them, the planet melding with the other stars and planets as they traveled further and further away from it. One of her hands was resting gently on the gear shift, although Tony suspected that it wasn’t doing anything. “Course has been set to Earth. We can make it to the planet in good time if we do a couple of strategic jumps. However, we do have a problem: we don’t have enough fuel to make the journey currently, and the nearest outpost is out of our way.”
Drinks five and six brought a few turns on the dance floor, drink seven brought a conversation with Peter about the girl on the kid’s decathlon team that Tony was not sober enough for. Drink eight… drink eight was when he worked up enough courage to put himself in proximity to Steve Rogers and his date.
And in the wake of the setting sun, the tears pattered to the ground, and the Avengers held their collective breaths in defeat,
He felt all alone, and perhaps this was punishment for his sins, to be in this prison. Too weak to defeat his enemies, letting Peter die in his arms because he wasn’t strong enough to ask for help. This Red Room wasn’t heaven, but it didn’t feel like hell either. It felt like…someone was behind him. Tony tensed at the unknown presence, but he dared not look back. Tony’s heartbeat pounded to the cadence of the slow march that grew ever louder until it stopped a few inches behind him. He waited, body still and frozen.
Rhodey gave him a flat stare. “Because it’s you, Tones,” he pointed out. “Only you would be drunk and engineer something crazy from our bathroom. You don’t even remember that night.”
“Hello son,” Captain America said lightly, as if he couldn’t hear the roiling thoughts that were running through Tony’s mind. The gravitas of this whole situation wasn’t there. He looked at him a moment longer, before he asked, “You’re Tony Stark, right? Many people are looking for you. I’m here to take you home.”
“You’re back?” Tony asked. His voice was gravely with sleep, and Tony stroked Steve’s chest. There was less heat to it; it was more of a soft, protective caress, and Steve felt warm.
And if he tried to start a relationship, it was guaranteed that he would essentially send Tony to his grave.
weapons, to cannibalize and repurpose them for the Jericho missile. He needed his weapons to build a better substitution for the thing in his chest.
“You’re right.” Steve sat there silently for one more moment, contemplating silently, before deciding to change the subject. “Have you heard anything more about Europe?”
The other hand was stroking his feathers, combing through them gently, grooming him. He never groomed them before; no one ever groomed them for him either. It was...a heated sensation that rippled down his spine, but for now, he was content to lay there, feeling the digits comb through his feathers. He felt clean; Tony must have cleaned him up while he was gone, and they were under Tony’s blankets. He loved it: it felt like Tony was completely protecting him.
“I said—” Fury started, but Steve interrupted him, “—I know what you said. But why? I died because of the Tesseract. You should have left it in the ice where it belonged.”
“Did you deck her, Cap?” Tony was attempting to process the amount of information coming at him, while maintaining a neutral face, and it was taxing even for his brain.
Steve was essentially bouncing through the door, nearly missing the doorway and knocking his head against the door jamb instead. He sidestepped quickly. He was so excited, vibrating out of his skin, feeling the air filter through his new feathers. “Ma, you’ll never guess what just happened.”
would be there – the dream him, that is. It’s why he didn’t often sleep. He didn’t know if he wanted to face yet another fight that he was sure he would lose. Heaven knows that he had already lost enough. Still, whether it was missing his friend or lacking self-preservation instincts, Tony was always drawn to look at
“Hey, I needed a break too, and if you weren’t here, I would have probably been in my workshop all day working on projects instead.” Tony looked at Stevens. “You’re actually doing me a favor too.”
“Well,” she pushed her hair behind her ear - a move Bucky had long ago tracked as ‘Pepper Means Business’ - and padded over to the couches in the corner of her spacious office. “How well do you know Carol Danvers?”
“Well, Spidey isn’t here, is he, and we can keep secrets, right?” Tony winked at Steve. “But seriously, no, that’s insane. You… Cap, you’re you. No settling.”
“Steve!” Tony greeted happily. His eyes had a slightly manic look, as if he hadn’t slept in days. “It’s good to see you!”
In some dreams, Tony’s skull was crushed against the cold concrete wall, and Tony could only watch as Steve chose Bucky, cradling his friend’s broken body while Tony slid down ungracefully, smearing a trail of blood in its wake as he slumped downwards and hemorrhaged to death. As his eyes glazed over, the shield from Steve’s hand carelessly, rolling at its side before it stilled besides the broken armor.
Tony Stark, Iron Man, was perfect, and it left Steve flatfooted and breathless watching him fly and fight, while he himself scaled up buildings with a superhuman speed and fought beside his new teammates.
,”  Steve breathed. He threw his phone aside in a careless motion and within four steps had lifted Tony off of the bed and into his arms.
“You’re not a freak,” Tony burst out. He sat beside Steve. He repeated, “You’re not a freak. You’re Steve Rogers, Captain America, amazing soldier, strong, and beautiful.”
have liked him that way because otherwise, he wouldn’t have hurt Tony this badly. And perhaps it was both of their faults, but the twinge of betrayal still lingered at the back of his mind. Steve’s self-deprecating attitude hurt – the family that were the Avengers was fractured, and contrary to what he had said, about being alone, he wasn’t
Reed Richards deserves an award for most pretentious and unnecessary use of a thesaurus. That was like listening to a half-plagiarized essay from a high school teenager.
Steve snapped awake quietly, a habit he never shook off from working undercover ops. However, as he laid on his side in a bed that was still unfamiliar, his heart ached. Too many people were just gone in a snap: Bucky, Sam, T’Challa, Wanda. More. In this post-apocalyptic world, sleep was sparse; too much work had to be done. Governments had collapsed, city infrastructure had fallen to the wayside, and missing bodies were still rising steadily. Steve…didn’t want to get out of bed and face the world.
“Joining us for dinner?” Bruce asked from the kitchen, where the smell of indian food wafted through the open doorway.
He just wished Tony was here, sweeping to save the day, his flattering words easing people’s apprehension. Tony always did it so much better than him. But, as it was, toiling on the ground, removing debris from the streets, made the world a little bit more grey without the easy banter Tony normally made to ease the chore.
“I hate it, looking out of the window and seeing nothing but stars and blackness. It makes me feel insignificant and small – it reminds me of when I sent the nuke into space.” Tony sniffed and closed his eyes, trying to tamp down the panic of thinking about the powerlessness.
“You can see it because the TARDIS wants you to.” The man reached up to press his hand upon the wooden exterior. His gaze softened as he stroked the thing, as if he was caressing a lover. “Hey beautiful.”
Warning for creepy Obi, def dub-con feelings, but it was to be expected with this world. Sorry. Thanks to anoo for betaing this chapter and making this chapter a lot better. <3
The elevator doors opened, and “Back in Black” greeted him as he walked through the doors. Tony was...messy with grease, his hair was matted, and his goggles on his face were askew. Tony’s wings hung limply on his back as he sawed something, sending sparks flying everywhere.
The initial draft looked crude and messy, looking nothing like the sophisticated equipment Tony had made. He wasn’t even sure if the thing would work, because he would need to do tests to find the stones. He hoped that the sensor would be able to catch on to the wavelength of the stones.
“Sometimes I still am mad at you,” Tony admitted, glancing down for a moment before looking back up at Steve again. “Sometimes I want to punch you in the face because you deserve it for hurting me.” Tony took a daring step closer, just one step closer in being able to touch the man in front of him. He wanted to. He despised himself for wanting to because Steve had hurt him.
The sketch that Steve had left behind last time was still in his hand, staring back at him innocently. Tony exhaled. “What is this?” Tony asked dully. “What game are you playing at?”
“What—” Steve began to say when he found his voice again, but Tony cut him off with a “Be quiet for a second.”
Thing was, Steve didn’t deserve to be loved. That held him back, and not even Natasha’s threatening looks could ever make him make that first move.
“Please,” Steve begged. Tony leaned up, and Steve leaned down, willingly giving himself Tony to take care of.
There was a hand on his arm, and Steve looked up to see Thor looking back at him with knowing eyes. Right, Thor was a leader too, a leader of his people who he had just lost. And now Steve was the leader of Earth whether he liked it or not.
For once, Steve woke up not feeling like he took a crowbar to the skull. He felt a slight upturn at the corners of his mouth, and his heart felt light. It was an unfamiliar feeling after all the events that had happened, and for a moment longer, he laid in bed clinging to it and remembering the small smiles Tony gave him in their dreamscape.
Steve made a noise, and Tony looked at the larger counterpart. “He’s probably the same as mini-me. We’ll do tests and all that, but it’ll be good for mini-me to have his own mini-Steve, don’t you think? Because if you’re not gonna keep him, I’m gonna.”
“You trust me,” Tony said simply. It wasn’t a question, just a statement of fact, and Steve couldn’t deny those words at all.
Doctor Erskine changed the “4F” to “1A.” Steve breathed a sigh of relief because perhaps now he could make a small impact in the war. He may be a foot soldier, but no one was going to miss him.
Of course you, an uncultured swine, wouldn’t understand the magnificent beauty in the masterpiece I tactfully crafted for
He stared at himself in the bathroom mirror. The lights illuminated his tired and old eyes, perfect jawline, his healthy pallor. They also illuminated the full set of raven-black wings behind him.
“Tony, you’re scaring him,” Steve tried again. He tugged on Tony’s shoulder, and thankfully, Tony backed off willingly.
He stepped out into the cold air of the apartment, which already had begun to leech away at the little bit of warmth he’d acquired, and as he tossed on an oversized shirt, he glanced up at the mirror. He froze in shock.
“Okay,” Steve said softly, voice hitching, watching through his tears as Tony moved away for a moment. With his touches gone, he was bereft, and fresh tears began to leak out of his eyes again.
Tony picked up his metal wings from the floor, held together by a brace. “I’m wingless, Steve,” Tony said plainly. “Why do you think I had metal wings?”
He did, he couldn’t deny it. But he also knew that they could never happen because Tony was brilliant, and kind, and amazing, larger than life and perfect and beautiful.
After a moment, Steve tried flapping his wings once. It was a miniscule one, one that barely did anything while Tony’s own mechanical wings were flapping harder than normal to accommodate the weight of two people. But Tony wasn’t complaining, only gave him constant praise and encouragement, “That was a good first try, but flap a little harder so that you can get wind under your wings and fly.”
“Chill man, it’s right here,” Rhodey said fondly, pouring coffee into his empty mug. “Although I really shouldn’t be feeding your caffeine addiction. What you really need is sleep.”
“They can’t even be creative with their cloning experiments?” Clint groaned when Steve and Tony approached the Quinjet. Tiny Steve was looking around with wide eyes, awed and stunned by everything he saw. His tiny hands gripped the edge of Cap’s glove, staring at the fascinating new world he was in. “How did they even get your DNA anyway?”
But the professor-looking man just nodded, flapping his hand in the direction of the box. “Yes, that right there is a ship. My ship. How can you see my ship?”
“I’ve been having these dreams. I’m in this room, and Tony’s in it too. He’s been telling me…things, and one of them was the fact that I’ve been stuck chasing the past. I don’t know if I’m just crazy or...I’ve never really thought about these things before.”
“Great!” Tony walked back to his work table and picked up something. When he turned around, Steve realized that what Tony was holding were his metal feathers.
“It is nothing, my friend!” Thor said, clapping him so hard on the back that he toppled over onto the floor.
”A lot of my friends are having kids but I don’t know,” *self-conscious laugh* “I can barely take care of myself let alone a baby.”
Tears began to trail down the corners of Steve’s eyes. “We’re coming to find you,” he begged, voice cracking in the middle of his sentence. Steve clung to him, holding him as tightly as he dared, as if he could singlehandedly grip him down and keep him for forever. “Just hold on a little longer.”
And in a moment, Tony’s eyes blaze, and he prowled forward until he was a mere foot away. “You’re sorry,” he said flatly, poison dripping through every word. “You shouldn’t get to say ‘I’m sorry’ when you put a shield through my chest. We were
Steve bought a bottle of bleach from the pharmacy. Two bottles (perhaps a third, if he was truly honest with himself), taking them home in the reusable bag that the cashier had somehow sold to him after she mentioned “saving the environment!”
Steve pulled away with an obscene “pop” and stood up, gathering Tony into his strong arms and kissing him. Steve tasted bitter with the taste of Tony’s come, but combined with Steve’s own scent, it was glorious.
When all was said and done, most of the feathers that were on his back were now on the floor, a mix of black and white that littered the bathroom tile, and he stared at his broken wings.
So busy with his inner turmoil, he missed the warning signs that could have prevented everything that came to be. But then again, he probably wouldn’t have because their scents were all masked when they surrounded them. The Humvee in front of them stopped, forcing the Humvee he was in to come to a halt too.
It’s been years since he walked towards the science section of the Compound, but being there gave him a warm nostalgic feeling where not a week went by where Bruce or Tony exploded something in their labs. He missed this.
“Howard was a good person. He gave me the shield, but you’re my soulmate.” Steve told Tony, reaching a hand out as a peace offering.
Steve squeezes his throat tightly so that his airway is constricted even further. He can't breathe. He's weak. His mind is only focused on the way that Steve's hand is restricting his breath and the pounding of the flesh behind him.
It definitely took its toll on his body. Muscle mass lost, permanent bone-weariness, body barely functioning to survive. They knew that he wouldn’t last must longer.
“Hey.” Tony crouched down until Steve was forced to look at him in the eye. “Is that why you’ve been hiding them?”
Ultimately though, he was an Avenger through and through, and he had a job to do. Protecting Earth from the Chitauri, from Thanos, for the sake of the rest of humanity was something he had signed up to do when he took the mantle of being a superhero. Now that everything was gone, he had nothing to lose, and the prospects of reversing what Thanos had done gave himself a mission he could look forward to.
The feathers were not silky soft like regular feathers, but Tony’s metal feathers were so...Tony, and they were so very special and unique. As Steve traced his fingers down them, the feather clinked softly together like wind chimes.
Stevens was. It was attractive, that mystery, and Tony couldn’t help but lean forward into Stevens’s space. Tony wanted him.
“Yeah, baby,” Tony groaned back, pressing into his cock even harder, and Steve threw his head back and and mewled. “Come on. Come for me.”
Back at the Compound, Bruce placed the communicator between two clips. “It’s Fury’s alright,” he said, typing rapidly on his keyboard. “I’m running tests on it right now, but it’s a long-distance communicator, possibly off-world. Whatever signal this is going to, it may take a while.”
“Dr. Smith doesn’t know the difference between his right hand and left foot, let alone anything he teaches.” Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony pressed a kiss to his wings and then made a trail of kisses before he kept his lips pressed against the back of Steve’s neck. “Anytime sweetheart. I’d be happy to join you whenever you want to fly.”
“Does that feel good?” Steve asked, moving the finger out until his finger was barely pressed within the walls of his asshole and then pressing back in, pushing until he stopped at the knuckles.
Bucky, for crying out loud! He was the one who had his back since he was a kid, and he wasn’t going to ever abandon him, even if he changed since he was Lieutenant James Buchanan Barnes…despite his changes.
Steve stretched out his wings as he entered the living room, showing off his new set of wings. “Just got them!”
Tiny Steve was completely silent and still, completely frozen in place as Steve walked closer. If it weren’t for the fact that Tiny Steve blinked every few seconds, Steve would have thought he was a doll.
, he didn’t say. He was so fucking skinny and frail, and sick all the time. There was no way his soulmate would love him.
It was too easy to fool into the Ten Rings demand once Tony did have a plan in mind, but it took a waterboarding, whipping, and a broken leg for Tony to get to that point. He healed, much too slowly for his liking, and much slower than his normal werewolf speed. But it must have been all the wolfsbane that have been coursing in his body. Being crippled by the fact that he could no longer shift because of the terrible mess he had in his chest forced him to think up solutions in ways he hadn’t thought up before.
By now, Tony's cock is also fully on board, hard and leaking. He's coiled tightly, crying and whimpering as the tongue presses insistently against his hole.
Slowly but surely, the armor formed piece by piece. It hung in the darkest corner of their prison, away from prying eyes. The shell of Jericho laid strewn on the table so that when their captors peered in, they would see that Tony was working on what they wanted.
“Right. The chameleon circuits. The Doctor mentioned that,” Tony said. Now the man mentioned the same thing “But it can’t be chameleon circuits if I can see it.”
And it felt so wrong too. Tony spun around. “Do you?” he asked aggressively. “Do you really? I don’t see it.”
“Good work,” Steve praised, and then he automatically sought out for Tony, looking up to the skies in hopes that he would get a glimpse of him, and then he breathed a sigh of relief when he spotted him. Tony was nearby, fighting a large metal bot with spindly arms.
Someone moved, footsteps completely silent – just a whisper of air signaled the movement from behind him. “Just like you,” Natasha replied. Steve turned around when she was merely a few feet away. She was dressed in a tight-fitting grey t-shirt and black leggings. Her hair was pulled back in a braid that began at the top of her scalp to just at the base of her neck.  She was gorgeous, and she looked…tired. Her eyes flickered down momentarily before she looked up again. “Willing to go a few rounds on the mat?”
His wings were all mottled black and white like a zebra. But a zebra’s coat was prettier. Steve stared at himself in the mirror, hating his own reflection because of them.
It doesn't matter that Tony feels dirty, wet and sticky with come - Steve holds him down tightly, and all Tony can do is let his come dry on his skin as he falls asleep, wishing that he is a better person, wishing that he could love Steve the way he wants to, and most of all, wishing Steve would love him back.
Steve’s entire visage brightened and Tony’s heart skipped a beat, like it always did when Steve smiled with his whole self. “You said you hated audiobooks.”
“Uhh, yeah,” Steve said out loud, even though by the looks on their faces, they already knew his answer anyway.
Steve agreed. Bucky deserved all that and more. He was there in his life since the beginning, fighting with him and being the best friend one could ever have no matter the circumstances. Likewise, Steve wanted to be the best friend Bucky was to Steve. “But you have to remember, too, Bucky wasn’t the same person from back then. He went through HYDRA’s brainwashing program. He couldn’t be the same person you knew him as. And as much as you wanted him to be your best friend again, the relationship between you and him couldn’t be the same. He was someone else, you are…timeless, and you had to relearn each other. Had you had the time, your relationship could have probably been better, but as it stood, you couldn’t face the fact that he was someone else.”
“Here.” Tony reached past his body and took hold of his wing muscles with both hands, stroking them softly. The heat that emanated from Tony’s hand to the muscles were overwhelming, and Steve shuddered hard, letting out a soft moan when Tony continued to stoke his wings. He hardened in his pants. “There we go, relaxed.”
He extended his hand, and she took it, leading him to the dance floor. “I look forward to learning.”
Tiny Tony was propped up at the top of his tank, excitedly watching them come closer. He blew bubbles at them. “Bwob bwob?”
Steve’s heart shattered to pieces when Tony stared back at him, eyes filled with betrayal. Steve took a hasty step back, mouth already forming to apologize.
“Thanks Thor,” Steve said. He looked at the rest of the team. They didn’t stare at him in disgust or in horror; Steve could feel the love and the camaraderie as they gathered around him. He could cry again in happiness.
He fell in love with her the moment she put Private Hodge in his place. Her curls bounced, her suit was crisp and perfect as she dumped the larger man onto the ground, and it was easy to look at her with admiration for the way she could keep up with the rest of them and the best of them.
“But you did, Steve. And I hurt you too, but now though? This hurts more than anything else.” Tony shook his head, and tears began to leak out of his eyes. “I miss you. I miss Pepper and Rhodey. I hate space.”
The man laughed. “No, it’s not. This here, this TARDIS, she’s going to blow your mind, and she’s not a prank at all.”
“It was wrong,” Natasha agreed, “But it’s not about the fact that you’re stuck chasing the past necessarily. Yes, there are some elements that you wanted to hold on to your past life because you missed it, but you also put Bucky over Tony. It probably implied to him that he mattered less to you than Bucky.” She looked down, plucked an imaginary lint off of her pants, and Steve watched as she braced herself to say, “Tony loved you. When you chose Bucky over him, especially with something as important as that, it probably killed him.”
“This man is leaving,” Tony replied quickly as he lightly pushed Rhodey towards the direction of the door. He didn’t need Rhodey to be here; he wanted to talk to talk to Stevens more, picked up where they left off when he had to take care of class and everything else that kept him busy for the past day.
If Steve was a little nicer, he would have excused them to retreat to his room. It was overwhelming to meet someone new, and Steve
Steve nodded, but he took one glance back to see that the two creatures were already hugging each other like long lost friends.
Steve nodded once. Tony took him by both hands, walking backwards until they were at the cusp of falling.
They looked past each other, not exactly meeting eye to eye, but just off to the side in silence, sitting there on the mat as the sweat cooled on their body. There was no way they could believe that; they couldn’t move on, no matter how many times Nat tried to convince themselves that it was the best solution. It was fooling no one.
Then he looked back to see a smoking gun. The man turned and fled, and Steve turned blindly until his eyes settled upon Erskine’s fallen form. With his last breath, he smiled, proud of his final creation.
Tony grabbed Steve by the arms and lifted him. Steve went willingly enough, keeping eye contact the entire way.
In this factor of unknown, where the past was gone and the future was uncertain, Tony felt lost, but if there was one thing he wanted, it was to go “Home,” Tony said. “I want to go back to Earth.”
Steve couldn’t breathe. There was this amazing man in front of him who shredded everything he believed in himself for nearly a century and...loved him for what he was.
“That could be a new children’s cartoon—The Genius Pumpkin,” Steve quipped as he scanned the room for a photographer. Making eye contact with one of the SI staff, he motioned for the woman to meet them near one of the photo backdrops.
“I don’t think it works like that,” Tony replied. He pressed his face weakly into Steve’s neck, and there was a teardrop that landed on Steve’s skin. “I’m sorry, Steve. I should have told you…”
When his seven a.m. alarm rang, he had gotten zero sleep, not enough coffee in his system, and a grumpiness that would send most people who encountered him running for the hills. He needed more coffee, desperately. Tony’s back cracked in a series of
Steve stilled. “Don’t hide your wings from me. Don’t ever do that.” Tony stroked Steve’s wings, and Steve shuddered, eyes rolling back in his head. He was hard, impossibly hard, so soon after already coming once. Tony just had that effect on him. “That’s why I don’t want you to hide your wings, because you’re so sensitive, and you’re so beautiful. When you’re alone with me, you don’t ever have to hide who you truly are.”
Tony gasped as his chest radiated pain, and he hung limply between the two soldiers gripping his arms tightly. He didn’t shift. What should have come so naturally to him was now very out of reach, and it was like he was missing a limb. His wolf...it was like his wolf was gone, leaving him human.
Those words sounded hollow. Steve saw the mask of disgust that flitted across his face. Steve collected the feather and turned away.
his work. Most people who he took home cared nothing about what he was working on. In fact, some of them hated it because his workshop was
Archie stood up, his face bloodied and his lips curled into a sneer. “Freak,” he spat out, holding his broken nose tenderly in his fingers, before he stomped away.
Steve barked out a laugh and glanced sideways again. “I had a really, really terrible date the night before we left.”
“It couldn’t be,” Nebula replied lowly, walking beside him. She looked out, graven. “Thanos doesn’t believe in eliminating entire populations. And fire isn’t his style. We did eliminate half the population a long time ago, but we haven’t touched this outpost since. Someone else must have done this.”
“Oh my God!” Steve exclaimed as they soared over buildings and under the Brooklyn Bridge and skimmed over water. He was breathless and happy; the feeling of flying with his wings behind him carrying him to do all of this. Steve laughed.
“I know.” Steve wiped his dampened eyes with the back of his hand. “I knew that after we went to Wakanda. God, I screwed up.”
Bucky lied - the girls in their class were all taken with him, chatting him up and brushing their fingers into those soft blue feathers in hopes that Bucky would pay attention to him. Even the guys were taken with him because he was one of them.
“Harbinger of death, harbinger of death,” the kids chanted. “Black like a raven, harbinger of death.”
There was no time to think; he didn’t need to. His uniform ripped apart as he jumped vertically into the sky and his wings stretched out from their confines, shattering the back brace completely. He wasn’t going to kill another man he cared about because he was too scared. Not this time. Never again.
Tony gave him a cheeky grin. “Relax, Cap, it’s just us. Everyone else has been captured. Well, us and…aren’t you cute?” Tony crouched down to plant his face next to the glass cage. Tiny Steve was pressed against the furthest edge of his glass prison, switching his gaze between Tony and Steve.
He woke, gasping. For a moment, Tony was blinded and disoriented by this sudden change of scenery, and during that moment, Tony didn’t remember where he was. His heart jackrabbited wildly in his chest before realization and remembrance came flooding back in – he was on the Guardians’ ship, he was in space, and he was alone with Nebula for everyone else had turned to ashes. Tony sighed heavily, thumping his head back against the orange cushion of the chair, and he looked out into the emptiness.
Tony was extraordinarily glad for Yinsen’s steady fingers. He would have fucked the arc reactor up, and they didn’t have any room for mistakes. Tony looked down at his own shaking fingers. He hated the way his body betrayed him so, unable to do the fine motor control most of his work needed. He couldn’t fix this part of himself though, not when he was completely away from civilization and stuck with a lone Beta werewolf.
Steve tilted his head forward again, opening his eyes, mewling as Tony fucked him in earnest. It was too much for him, with the way that only Tony was the one who never looked at him like he was disgusting when he saw his wings. He touched them like they were the most beautiful things he had ever seen, and praised him like he was something worthy.
Steve looked at it, perplexed and cautious at first, when he saw the letter sitting innocently on the kitchen table. After determining that it wasn’t dangerous and it wouldn’t explode in his face, he opened it with glee.
I had to look up “populous breasts.” Why is he disrespecting the entire female population like that?
, Steve repeated to himself as a mantra, the phrase sounding with each footstep as he walked with Tony across the room. Steve’s plan was foiled, of course, when the photographer asked them to stand so close that their arms touched, and then Steve was sent to a new level of hell when they were instructed to put their arms around each other’s shoulders.
Tony drained his coffee and blindly reached for the coffee pot again. It took him a few aborted tries before he curled his fingers around the handle and poured himself another cup of coffee. Having done this so many times for years, he could literally do this while he was asleep. “Really Rhodey, it’s not the first time I’ve gone without sleep. I’ll be fine.”
Indeed – none of them have been sleeping all that much post-Snap, and it was definitely taking its toll on their bodies. Even Steve was feeling the weariness of it, although every time he looked in the mirror, he was still as perfect as ever. He was jealous sometimes of the fact that everyone else could show their visible exhaustion while he couldn’t. It was a blessing, but it was also a curse.
was miniscule compared to the donut which had carried him lightyears away from home. Tony never anticipated that he would live to see this side of the universe; he’d always imagined that he would die fighting on home turf, protecting Earth’s people. Now that he was here though, it brought him no comfort to imagine what was to come. The futurist felt wary, even afraid of the future; the things to come would be so much larger than what he could perhaps handle with his own technology and abilities. He looked out at the wide expanse, unseeing, as he held his cold helmet in his hands, its form scratched, dull, and dented. The coldness of the metal seeped into his palms, leeching heat from his body and leaving him desolate and lonely.
“Aren’t we all. They’re not even creative anymore,” Clint groaned. “Like…at least make it interesting.”
“I actually don’t know. I’m an artist, not a scientist. I can’t tell you much about the science behind the Time Rotor or the different ways the TARDIS breaks four dimensions, or anything about that. That’s the Doctor’s job. What I can tell you is that the TARDIS is beautiful and very able. She travels in time and space, and it’s so amazing how capable she is as a ship.”
It was an accident. It truly was. But Steve had been always a boy from Brooklyn, and Tony’s words scraped Steve raw, cutting him to pieces even within the dream.
“Can I blow you?” Steve asked, staring up at Tony. His hands roamed up and down Tony’s thighs, a possessive and warm hold that made Tony feel utterly owned and helpless.
“I can’t regret sending you that drunken voicemail,” Tony said, leaning his forehead against Steve’s shoulder.
Hottie: “yeah, she’s, uh, in labor. She’s in a meeting right now and needs me to bail her out of it to take her to the hospital. Can’t miss the birth of my own child.”
Tony gathered his coat, leaving Rhodey in his seat contentedly finishing his plate of food. “Don’t break him,” Rhodey warned.
“What?” Tony yells out. He isn’t sure if his outburst is for Steve’s comment or for Nat’s, but he’s feeling a bit flabbergasted, infuriated, and surprised. He looks between Steve and Natasha, moving his head side to side until it feels as if his head is about to fall off. Finally, he says, “Nat! Leave my stash alone!” before he turns to Steve again. “What did you just say?”
“Penny Reid,” the man shrugged. “Structured joy calms me. Anyway, I considered having Parker web them against a wall today but Nat reminded me that it’s possible that using the kid to facilitate sex might actually count as child pornography.”
“I think you adapted pretty well, given your circumstances over the last ten years, considering that you’ve been revived for ten years.” Natasha sat down at the edge of the ring as Steve continued to clean the floor. “Tony really helped you catch up to the present, and Sam was as well. Considering that none of this existed in your time –“ here she waved her hand in a vague motion, you learned quickly. I think it’s easy to forget that you’re not from this time.”
The box of scraps was still where he last left it in a mess of tangled wires and broken screens. Another search around the ship revealed the tools he needed to build: soldering iron, pliers, wire cutters, strippers. The equipment here weren’t as robust as his toolbox at home, but it was enough for Tony to begin laying all the wires down and rewiring them for his own use. The hard disks and the RAM were in another pile, waiting and ready to be used for his project. “Awesome Mix Vol. 2” played in the background as he worked, fingers steady and sure as he built. With his eyes focused on the project in front of him, everything else fell into the wayside.
...Tony screwed his eyes shut, trying to block out the rapid thoughts that connected logic together. He hadn’t seen Vision before he left Earth; he knew that Vision sometimes disappeared. Vision was his own person, able to move as he pleased, so Tony respected that independence. But now, had he known that he would be out here alone, he would have cherished the rest of his time with the rest of his family. No JARVIS, no FRIDAY, DUM-E or U to keep him company.
But in his dreams, Tony was right there in front of him. His back was turned, but still, he looked amazing with the gentle brown curls sitting atop his head and the way that his black tank top hugged his body.
Tony looked at the man, then shifted his gaze to consider the TARDIS. The thing was, he did feel a buzz, just like last time. There was a gentle nudge in the back of his mind, like a feeling of realness from the TARDIS when he touched it. But still, he didn’t believe in magic though. The evidence might all have been there, but being so deeply rooted in real sciences, it was hard to wrap around the thoughts of mysticism.
“Tony,” Steve repeated, his voice finally becoming crystal clear. Tony was silent, staring, memorizing at this…stranger in front of him. The silence stretched between them, and long moments pass as they stood frozen looking at each other before the Steve-lookalike made a noise from deep within his chest and took a small step forward. Immediately Tony jerked back, a full body flinch as he sought to keep distance from this Steve, and Steve watched as Tony stepped back like a startled colt.
Tentatively, Steve stretched his wings out again, the way that Tony had taught him earlier. “Good, baby. You’re doing so well. Now can you flap your wings for me?”
Rhodey laughed. “Whatever you say, Tones, whatever you say. I know that most of them like you and the way that you’re patient with them during office hours. You’re a better prof than Dr. Smith anyway.”
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” Steve babbled back, gasping and heaving while Tony lifted his thighs and raised them over his own spread ones. Steve felt opened and exposed, completely vulnerable as Tony looked down at him with love in his eyes. Steve felt his cheeks heat from being so open.
It just happened. Steve reached out blindly and smacked Archie hard in the face so that he went with a grunt. But the teasing stopped, the words dying in their throats. Blood spurted out of Archie’s nose, and Steve should feel sorry about it.
“I’ll be with you all the way,” Tony promised, pulling back. His lips were red and swollen from their kisses (every single one of them continued to bring Steve to his knees), and Steve was sure that he didn’t look much better. “Ready?”
Tony’s thigh was pressed against his cock, and Steve thrusted forward blindly, moaning wantonly. “Come on baby,” Tony encouraged. “I want to wreck you tonight. Yeah, that’s right, rub yourself off on my leg.”
Every time he awoke with any amount of lucidity, it was pain and hell, blurry eyes and a raging storm. Tony wanted to give up, but something stopped him from doing so. Death didn’t want him yet, and all he could do was breathe through the unbearable pain in his chest.
Then his anger dissipated and left exhaustion in its wake. After all, he shouldn’t have been angry over something that was partly his fault. He just…he wanted to apologize correctly this time, make every word mean it because he wanted him back safe and sound.
“And you can sure believe that I’m going to tell you that your wings are the most beautiful things I have ever seen,” Tony said. “And I’m going to tell you that as many times as you need to hear it to believe it.”
“She, not it,” the man corrected. “And it’s certainly possible. Think about it. Why is this police box here? Where did it come from?”
“Look at me, Tony,” Steve said, and Tony blinked, moaning helplessly and looking down at Steve. His lips were red, stretched obscenely around Tony’s cock as he sucked his hard length down. His legs were shaking, barely holding himself up as Steve reached up, leaving trails of fire in his wake on Tony’s skin, holding him, possessing him.
“Hi Tony,” Steve said. He was sure he had a silly smile on his face. He was so very fucked, he couldn’t deny it. He needed to stay away from Tony, but he couldn’t help but reach out. “I brought cookies.”
Tony pushed him back. “Oh my God, DUM-E! You need to charge, you idiot! Next time you move off your charging station before you’re fully charged, I will donate you to the labs, and see if you like that!”
. It took what felt like an embarrassingly a long amount of time for him to zero in at the source of the noise, but when he finally focused on the lab desk at the far end of the table, a pair of eyes stared back up at him.
This time, he saw Steve standing there in front of him. He was dressed in sweats and a white t-shirt that stretched across his pecs and chest. Steve looked good, even being away for so long and his face worn with sadness and regret. Steve cradled his sketchbook in his hands.
Clearly, someone had misplaced cop equipment, and as an upstanding citizen of the law, it would only make sense for him to notify the appropriate law authorities of their missing…box, even though Tony was still sure that America didn’t use these.
As much as he wanted to kill them himself, he forced himself to reply, “No. Round them up for SHIELD.”
At five p.m. on a January evening, night had already fallen, and a Nor’easter was blowing in. Tony could swear that the Maclaurin Buildings had been in use since his university was founded – its lighting was unreliable, its heating even less, and the current weather outside was not helping his foul mood at all.
Clint was in the kitchen when he arrived, and the smell of heavenly cookies wafted in the air. Steve inhaled, closing his eyes in pleasure, and moaned softly. Clint heard him and turned.
Your track record isn’t looking good right now, considering that you cause a fire every time you try to cook for Steve.
. “Get out, and we can do this the easy way. Stay here, and we’ll do this the hard way. Your choice.”
Tony’s smile was brilliant. “Looking forward to seeing you more often, Steve.” The way Tony said “Steve” was sultry, and his eyes darkened. They stared at each other for a long moment, just a beat longer than appropriate.
Now that Tony knew, the rest of the team will know, and Steve would be kicked off the team. No one wanted a member who was death incarnate.
He stretched out his wings like before, and he poured bleach down the muscle, letting the feathers soak up the liquid. He used up all three bottles of bleach - he wanted to do a thorough job this time.
They slowly and steadily herded the enemy bots to Thor, where he shorted them out with a well-executed bolt of lightning.
“He’ll be back, right? I saw the way he looked at you.” Rhodey stepped aside and let Tony through the door. “He’s most certainly attracted to you. And you brought him home to see your workshop. You never let anyone see your workshop.”
“Let’s say I believe you, which I still don’t,” he said slowly, looking up at the wheezing light of the box, “if she understands me, why hasn’t she allowed me to enter?”
Indeed, there were some empty patches where feathers were missing, and Steve nodded before he realized that Tony couldn’t see it. “Yes.”
He was bad luck, and if he could stop anyone from seeing his wings so that he could save them and keep them alive, he would.
“Tell that to Dr. Smith,” Tony shot back. “I still can’t believe he decided not to turn up to lectures one day without notice and Dr. Jones made
You must have not been able to find a real man, cuz really, stark? you traded me for a fucking playboy?
Apparently none of you have any confidence in my cooking abilities - well too bad, he's coming to the tower and my food will be great.
Tony whined softly, and he nodded in eagerness, staring, captivated as those hands traced the inside of his thighs. “You’re—” he began, trailing off as Steve leaned forward and mouthed his cock, still covered by his pants. He was leaking in his pants like a teenager, and he would be embarrassed by it, but the man below him was more than distracting.
“Bucky came in no more than three minutes after you,” Tony said slowly, making deliberate eye contact with Steve as realization hit both men at once.
Tony shook his head. “All of us were to blame, and we need to own up to it. Yes, we were wiped out, but we also need to stay strong for the sake of the rest of humanity. Because if we don’t, there’s no hope left.”
“Nah,” Tony waved his hand. “Diplomat. You avoided an international incident for which Pepper would have actually had us all shot if Captain America had punched someone on a date. You were feeling unsafe and you got out of there. That’s what we’re always telling Peter to do.”
Tony opened his mouth to respond when the door to his bedroom flew open so hard that it embedded itself into the opposite wall.
There were two footsteps that were near him now, and Tony held his breath. His heart was beating loudly in his chest, pressing uncomfortably against his arc reactor.
“Hey, while you’re here, perhaps you can help me with something,” Tony said as he munched around a mouthful of cookie.
“Yes,” Steve said, slowly relaxing his arm when it was clear that the clone of him wasn’t going to do anything. “He has…horse legs though. Human body.”
“Hey Steve,” Bruce said, setting down the science-y contraption in his palm and pulling off his glasses. “What can I do for you?”
Steve bit his lip, and Tony touched his face so that Steve was looking at him. Tony’s eyes were unwavering and confident, believing in him when he didn’t believe in himself. “I’ll be with you, holding your hand. You won’t fall.”
“Pepper has never, not once, let me do things in my own time when she thinks I’m being an idiot,” Tony smiled. “Can’t say I’m upset with her, though.”
“I love you,” Tony said quickly. “Not because you were in me, or because I was drunk, I just want that clear. I do. I love you.”
The stars must be aligning again. Every attempt of dining out I see my date not six feet away from me. It is like the moon is blessing us to be together.
because he wasn’t pack, Tony couldn’t deny that his panic only simmered instead of consumed him. Tony swallowed, but he let the man place his hand gently back to his side. “What’s wrong with me?” he asked finally.
“You act like one though.” Tony grinned into his mug even though Rhodey wasn’t there to hear his final parting shot or see the upturn tick at the corners of his lips. Food sounded good, although he ignored the entire steaming plate of breakfast that Rhodey made for him and only grabbed the slice of buttered toast on his way out the door.
“Open your eyes Steve,” Tony said. Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair, and it was a comforting feeling.
was also their only ticket to ride away from here, so Tony stamped down his emotions and trawled after Nebula, walking up the ramp into the ship. Already she had almost disappeared, her feet taking her up into another level of the ship. Tony followed her into the cockpit, and he took a seat in the back row. Normally, he would fight for the pilot’s seat, but now he simply watched her manipulate the controls, starting the ship and taking them away from Titan.
“You’re so gorgeous, baby,” Tony said into his mouth, “So perfect, I don’t know what to do with myself.”
He must have misheard him. And with all the screaming that was going on, it was entirely possible that he could have heard it wrongly.
Tony debated whether to go to class or stay here and check out the interesting police box more. On the one hand, he had a midterm he had to oversee. It was important, but as Tony’s feet slowed down while he stared at the TARDIS, he found that he couldn’t care more about the students. This TARDIS thing, right here, seemed way more interesting than twenty questions of fives sheets of paper that he had to answer in a dim classroom.
And Tony was awake. Dried tears made his face sticky, and his mouth was rough. There were pins stabbing his lungs every time he breathed - it was like he had a diminished lung capacity. He forced his stiff neck to move to find the source of the pain, bringing his hand to graze the bandages that covered his chest.
“I’m home!” Tony called out, tossing his scarf and coat over the couch. He was utterly chilled to the bone, grumpy and tired and hungry, and he still had so much to do before he could sleep.  He already regretted stopping to talk to the crazy man because it cut into his valuable and precious time.
It was an instinctive thing when Tony curled his right hand into a fist, and Steve’s face fell when he saw the movement. “Do it,” he whispered, and Tony could see in his eyes that he was quietly accepting his fate. He wasn’t going to turn his back; he wasn’t going to fight either. “I deserve it.”
“Let’s do this,” Steve said, voice more steady than he felt. He couldn’t bear the stares anymore. He knew what they all said anyway - it was nothing new. He stepped into the chamber and let pain awash his senses as Operation: Rebirth became a reality.
Tony stood next to him, and that pressure by his side eased some of that fear, but still. Flying with his own wings. He hadn’t even taken his back brace off yet.
Being on ground zero looked even worse than what the holograms had shown. Donned with their uniform, the Avengers stepped off the plank of the Quinjet at the heart of Times Square, seeing the utter emptiness of the people walking the war-torn streets. While New York had faced its fair share of war, its people had always endured, stood up, and rebuilt afterwards. This time, however, it seemed as thought Thanos’ victory had robbed them of all hope and the will to continue living.
His wings shifted uncomfortably within the confines of his back brace that meticulously hid his wings from sight.
Blue eyes, fair flaxen hair, tiny hands pressed up against the glass cage the creature was in, steaming the wall with its…his heated palms.
Steve looked at the open sky in trepidation. “I’m scared,” he admitted, look over the edge of the balcony.
“I was busy!” he retorted. Busy daydreaming about a certain man that he saw falling in front of him, the same man who told him about the TARDIS, but still, it was more important than eating. At that same moment, his stomach growled. Tony glared down in betrayal, and Rhodey laughed.
Damn, him and his mouth. But really, in for a penny, in for a pound – might as well put his entire foot in his mouth. “You’re still parked out here, even when I told you to move it because it is a college campus, which means that your ship, or whatever this thing is, has issues. And I’m good at fixing issues…mechanical ones that is.”
All of his students had already left, as did all of the other graduate students and professors, rushing home as quickly as possible to avoid the worst of the winter storm. Only Tony was left to lock up the building doors, and he did it with clumsy grace, cursing loudly as he pushed the door open and received a face full of freezing wind. Over the screaming wind, he couldn’t even hear himself, and wasn’t that his worst luck? Tony braced his entire body against the door, taking three tries to put the key into the keyhole and locking up for the night.
An armor. That was what he needed. If he couldn’t outrun his captors, his life, he could perhaps shield himself from it. Tony swallowed. His mind worked rapidly, mentally creating an armor that could hopefully protect himself, and protect Yinsen too. “I’m going to build myself armor,” Tony said a beat later.
Tony noses at his fur, but the fur stays stuck up stubbornly. He huffs, turning away. “It was windy while I was out foraging.”
Steve broke the silence first. “I was worried that I wasn’t good enough for you,” Steve admitted, looking at the floor length windows ahead of him. “That day, I don’t know if you remember, when you asked me if I said something. I said that I wasn’t good enough for you.”
“So are you here to get it fixed? Because I know nothing about…chameleon circuits, but I’m a quick study,” Tony asked. “I’m sure that if you give me a couple hours I can have it fixed.”
“I can’t tell you. You know that.” Stevens stood up, and Tony felt bereft as the warmth from Stevens body dissipated. “Thank you, Tony, for the good time.”
He couldn’t shove the stack of papers into his bag fast enough before he was darting out of the classroom to see if the TARDIS was still there.
Because when Tony looked back at Steve with grudging admiration, telling him that “Dad loved you and spent nearly his entire looking for you. And I loved you as a hero, but I hated you as a person because you took my dad,” Steve could understand a little bit of where he came from, but also -
When Steve was a few steps away, Tiny Steve began to skitter back, his hooves clicking against the floor. Steve froze, and in the distance came the tell-tale sign of Tony approaching the room.
Seemingly absent of thought, Steve nodded, and at Bucky’s persistent prodding, he finally took a bite of his burger. It tasted like ash in his mouth, but he chewed it anyway.
“What did you do Tony?” Steve said, pushing him back slightly so that he could look at Tony in the eyes.
Stevens had to go back to Deborah’s cafe. There was something wrong, something very, very wrong about that place, and he didn’t know what it was.
“You finished your game?” Tony asked, glancing at the screen. Bowser was dancing on the first place podium. “Oh good. Dinner’s ready.”
Tony lifted his hands in the universal sign of surrender. “I’ll be heading over to see mini-me,” Tony said instead. “You coming?”
Tony swallowed, throat dry. “How long was I working?” he rasped. He stood up and nearly fell as dizziness swept over him and he closed his eyes, waiting for his equilibrium to come back. Food and water…that may be a good idea.
The scientists looked at him like deer in headlights, frozen in their places for two beats. Steve gave a heavy sigh, unbuckling his shield from his arm. The scientists chose to flee. Good choice. Steve tapped his earpiece as the last scientist passed him. “Hawkeye, the scientists are heading out.”
he chanted in his head. The man who broke all of his barriers. This kiss was better than their first one, all promise and passion and love, and Steve was dying for this. “It’s okay to be scared,” Tony said. “Being scared is healthy. But being scared and not doing anything is bad.”
It was so flat, sounded so insulting, yet Steve found himself unwillingly smiling at him. “Are you sure you want to be near me? They’re going to call you a freak too.”
It was enough motivation to propel him out of bed. He had a new mission to do, thanks to Tony; not everything felt hopeless after all.
“Yours is more dangerous if it gets into the wrong hands,” Tony said. “Good thing this was a clone too and not a true supersoldier.”
The tongue pulls away, and he moans at the loss. In its place though, Steve's clothed body drags against his hole, and he whimpers because the feeling is intense, too much, battering against his nerves.
And Tony staggered into Steve’s waiting arms – the barrier had broken; Steve looked on in shock and horror as they collapsed to the ground.
But Tony knew, even if Steve didn’t know himself. “Relax,” he instructed as he started moving, drawing out until only the tip was in his ass, “this is supposed to feel good.”
“She’s a professor at Columbia and was complaining about the speech you gave, the one that you and Pepper gave, I mean.”
The press of Steve’s lips against his were like fire, roaring hot and burning him, every inch of it, and the fireworks sparked behind his eyes. It was too much and not enough as Tony scrambled his fingers against Steve’s tux, trying to find purchase as Steve licked his way into his mouth like a dying man.
Tony grabbed a ball of aluminum foil and tossed it in the air, letting Butterfingers blast it into dust. Then, he grabbed pieces of scrap metal from his desk before he turned to Stevens. There was a big smile on Stevens’s face, looking at Butterfingers fondly, and Tony couldn’t help but match his grin.
It was such a pity that Peggy wasn’t his soulmate; she would have been a perfect one too. No, the clock on his chest still ticked down slowly, week by week, seven days closer to seeing his soulmate for the first time. And he was still alive, although barely. He had someone to live for, but his body proved otherwise. Besides, the government needed bodies – if he could be one, he would gladly sacrifice his. Perhaps this pound of flesh would do its good deed for once.
voice reverberate through his body. His chest swelled and ached, and he swallowed thickly, tears prickling in his eyes. God, he missed him. Nearly every spare thought went to him, and in every dream,
“I wish…” Steve hesitated, “I wish there could have been more that we could have done, to stop this all from happening.”
“And they bring light.” Tony’s look was intense when he stared at Steve, bringing the feather to his lips and then placing it in Steve’s hand. He closed Steve’s palm and held it gently between his own palms. “You’re not ugly, Steve. Your wings aren’t ugly at all. If that feather tells me anything, your wings are beautiful.”
Thank you so much for all the lovely feedback ❤️ we’re glad that you’re having as much fun as we are.
“Yeah, that one, and I had the disguise on, so she didn’t know who I was, which was actually the problem, because she spent the whole meal telling me how awful our team was.”
Tony met Nebula’s pitch-black eyes. “We should go to the outpost, refuel and restock,” she said. “We will be of no use if we die on our journey to defeat Thanos.”
“You’re totally blushing,” Deborah interrupted. “He’s been here every day for a cup of black coffee and nothing else. He doesn’t even finish his coffee.”
I read a sentence over his shoulder but honestly it looks like he ate a dictionary and started vomiting words at random.
Steve whined at the mentioned at his wings, and he unconsciously tucked them back under him, hiding his face in his hands, but Tony crawled over him and commanded, “Stop.”
“I can’t shift,” he bemoaned. It was as if he was missing a part of himself with the fact that he couldn’t tap into his wolf side, and that was a horrifying thought. He was so much more vulnerable as a human, and that made the situation a whole lot scarier.
When he stumbled into his bed back at the Compound, he clutched the cell phone in his hand, cradling it in between his palms, wishing desperately that it was Tony himself.
There was a beeping in the corner, the buzzing of wheels in the air, and Tony slowly walked around his work desk to see that DUM-E was alive and well, but that he had fallen over on his way to his charging station.
Bucky saw through him and fixed Steve with a determined stare. “Loving someone may not ever be easy, but there is a reason why they’re your soulmate.”
“Okay,” Fury conceded and nodded decisively. “You’ll have your wish. We’ll get you settled into civilian life.”
Steve laughed, leaning forward to press another kiss against Tony’s lips. Steve tasted like the sweetest red wine that he drank during the party, but underneath was all him, all apples and cinnamon, like the sweetest apple pie. He liked the taste of the man and he wondered why he waited so long before to kiss him in this way.
real, and Tony was truly facing him on the other side. It certainly felt that way; the wall between them felt tangible, and the cutting remarks that Tony said to Steve were nothing that he had imagined.
Tony leapt back in shock, jerking his hand away from the box. He didn’t shriek at all, nosiree, from being caught out snooping around the box. He turned around to see a tall, skinny man standing behind him. He looked like a professor, with a brown suit and horn-rimmed glasses, but even with a long trench coat over his attire, hands tucked snugly, he was not dressed for the New England winter at all. For one, the man didn’t have a cap on – surely his ears must be freezing. Second, he was wearing
The Alpha looked at the table, then at Tony. He shouted something at him and pointed viciously at the table. The only word that he got from the rapid mess of words was “Jericho.”
“Pretty sure I got it.” Tony could feel a presence in front of him now, and he squeezed his eyes tighter. He let out a shallow breath.
The afternoon was spent out in the backyard destroying pieces of scrap metal into smithereens, Butterfingers gleefully saying,
It was time. The bittersweet feeling rolled in his stomach, and he nodded helplessly, biting his lips while his eyes burned. There was a list of things he wanted, but he would settle for just one for now. He gave his teammates a shaky, closed-lipped remnant of a smile. “Let’s go home.”
“Sweetheart,” Steve whispered and was rewarded with a noise that could only be described as a grumpy
“You’re gorgeous,” Tony said again, stroking the sides of his body. “Your wings, you cock, your eyes, your voice. There’s no way I’m letting you go now.”
Tiny Steve seemed content to let whatever Steve wanted to do; his body was thrumming with excitement. And because he didn’t have anything better to do, Steve followed Tony into the elevator.
“Is that why you’re hiding from me?” Tony asked. “Because you thought you couldn’t be loved because of a superstition?”
There was a single gunshot, and Steve instinctively lifted his wings up to shield himself from the attack, turning around and stretching his wings to protect as many people as he could.
“Less talking, more doing,” Steve replied, tangling his fingers between Tony’s digits. Then he untangled them and ripped his shirt, buttons flying to the floor and the pants following after it. And Tony couldn’t help but look down at Steve’s flexing abs, rippling as he hurriedly stripped; even though he’d seen them before, it never failed to take his breath away to see how strong Steve was.
Stevens’s blush deepened, and he ducked his head shyly, cutting off all eye contact with Tony. Tony gave Rhodey a dirty look, and he looked back up, unfazed by it. “Get out of here, show him your workshop, let me eat my lunch in peace. I’ll see you later, Tones.”
He’s home. He didn’t know how, but the ship landed onto familiar soil. He felt weak, he was emaciated, he held sanity by a thread, but still, somehow, his broken body managed to conjure a tear for the sheer relief of being home.
DUM-E beeped and twirled his claws excitedly, as if he was completely innocent. Tony huffed, but he walked forward and stroked DUM-E’s claw. He was relieved that DUM-E wasn’t exterminated.
Hands cleaned, Steve stepped into the ring where Natasha awaited. As one, they settled into the default fighting stance, balancing their weight at the balls of their feet, ready to pounce at a moment’s notice. Their hands were out, body turned slightly away from each other, and Steve watched Nat like a hawk. After so long, they were attuned to each other’s quirks and styles, but it never helped when Natasha lashed out like a cheetah when Steve least expected it. It was a game between them, waiting to see who would break the waiting and concentration first.
He never expected his ma to let out a little scream of horror, eyes widening in shock, before she covered her mouth with her hands, stifling the sound that came out of her mouth. But already the damage had been done, and Steve’s wings wilted.
By now, Steve and Tony were merely inches from each other, glaring with angry eyes. Steve opened his mouth but nothing came out as he tried to come up with a response.
“Not doing anything,” Tony denied. Never mind the fact that the Doctor had caught him trying to break into the TARDIS red-handed. Again.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said flatly, and Steve had to hide a smile. “Just stop this. I wanna go home because I had plans before I was
“With pleasure, sweetheart,” Tony said, leaning over him again to kiss him sweetly. Steve moaned softly at the feeling of the press of his lips. “It would be an honor to do so.”
“Stop!” the voice said, but Tony didn’t listen. He needed to flee, get out of this. It was all wrong, wrong, wrong...
The woman glanced at him and promptly ignored his posturing. “Where’s Fury?” she asked again, stressing her words when they didn’t answer her question.
It was a mystery in his hands. He didn’t understand why he was thinking about the Red Skull now; he hadn’t thought about him in over a century, counting all the moments he had been awake and discounting the fact that he was closer to his past than ever before. But still, earlier, back at the cafe, he was hallucinating Deborah as the Red Skull, and he didn’t know why. They were two different people, and the Red Skull had long been dead.
“And I promise you, I’m a hell of a backup.” She stared steadily at Steve, gaze calculating, and Steve felt a wave of power emitting from her before the sensation cut off and she looked at Bruce. “I’m Carol. What do you need?”
“What,” Tony deadpanned, and he stared at the man. Tony had two doctorates and was on his third. He knew mechanics like the back of his hand. In fact, he probably knew mechanics better than the back of his hand, and he had no idea what the man was blabbering on about. “First of all, you need to explain to me what a TARDIS is. Second, this here?” Tony patted the wooden exterior. The warmth that emitted from it was an appreciated feeling under his hand; he was tempted to press his nose against it too. Tony tamped down the urge and continued, “This doesn’t blend in at all, especially not here.”
Rhodey snorted, and Tony glared at him. “Hey Debs, I’m not here for him. I’m here for breakfast and for a nice cup of your coffee. Please and thank you.”
Because he didn’t believe in Bucky’s words anymore, the belief that when the time is right, he would meet his soulmate. He saw the way one of the gal’s soulmate timer faded right in front of his eyes. It was on her hand, ticking down day by day, and then it vanished the next moment. Her cries and wails as she collapsed on the middle of the sidewalk still haunted his dreams. So he just wanted to be selfish, this once, because who knew that tomorrow meant his own death?
As if sensing his presence, Tony looked up from his work and gave him a beatific smile. Steve watched as Tony’s mouth moved. Tony beckoned him in, and Steve walked through the doors.
He tried not to feel sad about it; he barely knew Stevens after all. But it still felt...like there was an aching in his heart.
“Because I need to get the weapons ready for Dad, and I have midterms to oversee tomorrow. Go back to your charging stations. I need to focus.” He spared a glance at the clock, and then he despaired and groaned out loud. “I can’t even go to bed tonight because you dumb idiots wasted my precious time to work.”
The centaur slid ungracefully off his fingers, stumbling for a few steps until he got his legs under him. Tiny Steve shot him a dirty look, and Steve grinned back innocently.
During a quiet evening where the rest of the team were conspicuously absent, Steve absentmindedly picked at his covet feathers as he sat quietly in the couch of the communal living room, drawing Tony flying, his wings outstretched like he owned the world.
Tony stepped backwards one stumbling length at a time until he hit the wall, the music taking Tony back to his childhood.  These songs replaced the quietness, and Tony sagged down, letting the music wash over his weary body. For all its cheeriness, Tony couldn’t bring himself to feel more light-heartened, just overwhelmed by the loss and numb from the pain. For all the work he had done, it still wasn’t enough to face Thanos.
be so…pure when all they had seen today was death and destruction. Even Tony’s suit wasn’t spared by the events, scratched up and torn apart under Thanos’s hand. However,
“Makes sense. He’s a land creature.” Tony came over and crouched down to peer at Tiny Steve again. Steve watched as Tony smiled gently at his mini clone in the same way Tony smiled at his own octopus clone.
Tony didn’t have the energy to muster up the spirit that she had, but he understood her desperation. After all, he made Ultron for the sake of humanity, to protect Earth so that when the Avengers faced a foe greater than they could handle, Earth’s people would have had something to protect them. Even if their approaches were different, her style more offensive that his, he understood her.
Steve looked at himself in the mirror one last time, stroking them smooth. He preened. The ache had slowly dissipated once Steve had finished molting, and all that was left was the slightly sensitive sensation that rippled down his spine when he touched them.
Someone was shouting at him in a language he didn’t know, and Tony cringed at the tone. Even though he couldn’t see him, the sheer Alpha-ness the man in front of him emitted stole the oxygen in the room, and not in a good way. If Yinsen was right, that they were being held by a pack of Alphas, and unmated ones at that, there was no way Tony would get out of this unscathed. Beside him, Yinsen replied softly before he addressed Tony in English, “They want weapons.” The Alpha said a few more words, and Yinsen translated, “They want the Jericho.”
It wasn’t the same, not really, with Bucky’s sister being completely flightless and Steve being flighted. Steve would have preferred being flightless if it meant that he didn’t have to stare at his wings when he passed the mirror every time.
Steve couldn’t get enough breath into his lungs as he maintained eye contact with Tony, moaning and breath hitching, gasping weakly. “Please, please,
Five…four…three…two… “Time is up!” Tony gleefully said when the minute hand reached ‘12.’ He couldn’t wait long enough for these students to flee…and there was still a student working on the exam. “You, hey, next to Mr. James, yes I’m talking to you. What about ‘time is up’ was unclear?”
“Sir, download’s complete, shall I begin the self-destruction process?” JARVIS’s voice came through the speakers, and Tiny Steve shrank back in surprise.
Tony stared at the TARDIS, considering it. “You’re...real,” he mused. “But you’re a thing. It can’t be possible that you can be sentient. I shouldn’t be asking a thing permission to enter.”
, Buck. They’re not days, which means that it could be anywhere from three thousand weeks or months or – “ he shuddered – “it couldn’t be possibly years. But no matter what, I don’t even know if I would even live that long.”
Steve tentatively opened his eyes to peek, and then his eyes widened in shock. “Woah,” he said in awe.
“But that’s just it, I know everything. Had enough time and adventures to learn lots of things, you know. I may not have the papers to prove it, but I know a lot. Curse of the Time Lords. I’m the Doctor. Hello!” The Doctor waved his hand, each finger moving individually as he did so.
what he was talking about, and there was no way he was going to stand for this harassment anymore. Tony shoved Rhodey into his room. “Okay, we’re
Bucky hummed, plucking a piece of ham from Steve’s plate and eating it. Steve laughed and batted away his hand when he tried reaching for another piece. “Because I know what it’s like to be on the outside,” Bucky finally offered. “My baby sis is flightless.”
“Iron Ma-” Steve began to say as Tony took off his helmet, “we’re still on mission. What are you doing? Put your helmet back on!”
Mostly, the pain in his fist felt good, and for the first time since he got his wings, his chest eased. Granted, the ache never really went away, but Steve felt like he could breathe now.
“And you can get a zero if you don’t turn it in right now.” Tony made a point by picking up the papers on his desk and neatening the stack with a thump against the table. Needless to say, the student slunk forward and submitted the exam. “Good, now you won’t have a zero even if you didn’t finish it.”
“It’s nothing.” Steve was too embarrassed to look at Tony. He was sure he was blushing. Inadvertently, that put him in a position where he was looking down at his palms and…Tiny Steve who was giving him a wicked smirk. He couldn’t take this anymore. Steve stretched his hand out blindly in the direction that Tony was in. “Just give them to me please.”
Steve gaped after him as he turned around, wings clinking softly as moved and entered his car, Bruce following him.
“Electromagnets,” Tony replied. “They’re usually pretty durable, but it’s not easy trying to find something that is fight-durable.”
Steve gasped: he had a full set of wings again, the wings that he hated so much, that he bleached and plucked and cried over, the wings that promised death to anyone who encountered them.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, reaching up for him. Tears dripped out of his eyes because he never had been so loved before. Tony grasped his outreach palm and tangled their fingers together. He kissed the back of his hand and nuzzled it.
When all was said and done, the feathers looked all mottled, and there were streaks of white interspersed with black.
Steve deliberately stayed flightless, shoving his wings back into the confines of a new back brace. He couldn’t deal with the guilt of anyone seeing his wings and dying because of them.
I’m an award-winning novelist. I was the winner of the National Book Award in 2005. What have YOU done?
But he could help Yinsen escape. Tony may not deserve to live, but Yinsen did - there was a mission for him to accomplish, an admirable one. “Okay,” Tony said aloud. He would help Yinsen live. He nodded and repeated, “okay.”
That was an understatement, but that was the best word Steve could come up with in his dumbstruck mind. The red and gold wings shone and glittered as he moved, flying with grace and speed. The occasions that the feathers caught the light, it cast a beautiful glow onto the ground.
Tony knew that they couldn’t stall for too much longer. He could see that the Alphas were getting antsy about him, their red eyes flashing when they came in to inspect his work. They would lick their lips, give him a heated smirk, like he was a piece of meat to be devoured. He hated the lack of autonomy, in more ways that one. As a captive, he had no choice but to submit to the demands of his captors. As an Omega in the midst of Alphas, it was so difficult to fight Alpha commands. It was easier to shake it off because they weren’t his Alpha, but it still took all of his energy to fight off their flashing red eyes and not fall to his knees in supplication.
“Hey, no. You can’t blame yourself entirely for not stopping him,” Tony countered. “Thanos was too strong and we weren’t strong enough to stop him. Because if you blame yourself, I have myself to blame too.”
But Rhodey would not have it, settling his weight down so that it felt as if Tony was pushing a brick wall. “This man is not leaving,” Rhodey retorted.
“This is why you’re my best friend,” Tony declared, slumping over the coffee station…where there was no pot. “Aaaand I take that back.” He
of death too, and that she was scared of him and his wings, bringing death to their front door. And even as she told him she still loved him, Steve sensed that their easy relationship was no longer there because they were tainted by his wings.
“Probably not,” Tony agreed. “But there’s a big box in the middle of the MIT campus, and the fact that you knew what it was...she, sorry… It’s like you know more than you’re telling me. And also, you’ve made me believe in something I didn’t believe in before.”
And just as Tony was about to whine to Steve, to get in him already, that he was taking way too long to fuck him, a finger pressed against his hole, and then it slipped inside, lube guiding the way. It never occurred to Tony where Steve got the lube; he was too busy being sucked in by Steve’s finger. It took Tony’s breath away; his eyes rolled back into his head while his brain overloaded with the feeling of the intrusion. It wasn’t much, but with Steve, it was everything.
There was a bottle of bleach sitting on the sink countertop. With shaking fingers, he uncapped the lid. The smell was potent, almost overwhelming, but now, he didn’t care. He couldn’t take it anymore, all the hatred and all the teasing, all the pitying looks on all the adult faces, as if they could see his wings through the brace.
“My workshop is a damned mess, but it’s an organized mess, with lots of fun things, and explosions, and don’t forget the dumb robots. Stevens, you like explosions right? Stevens?” Tony looked up when Stevens didn’t reply, and he looked over his shoulder.
“It’s not possible.” Tony sounded like a broken record, but really, it didn’t make sense. Everything was rooted in science, and what the man was saying was that this TARDIS wasn’t part of science, but
“Whew, that was a trip,” Tony said, releasing the catch on his helmet. He looked at Steve’s worried face. “EMP, shorted out my wings.”
Steve sighed and flexed his hand, feeling the pain radiate down his arm. “You should go away. They’re not wrong. I’m a bit of a freak.”
He clutched the cookies in his hands, almost crumbling them when he momentarily got lost in his thoughts and gripped them a little too hard. Then he nearly dropped them in his haste to unclench his fingers.
Thankfully Tony didn’t do more than that. The elevators slowed to a stop and opened its doors. “Hey bud!” Tony called out. Steve followed.
“It’s probably delayed,” he said. “There could be several reasons for it: you are under stress, you are malnourished.” He waved at the arc reactor. “You have an alien object in your body, let alone all the wolfsbane laced in your blood. Having a heat may kill you. There’s no telling what factors are affecting it.”
He had dreamed about Tony before, and back then, he wasn’t so untouchable. Steve could stand in front of him and brush his hand gently down Tony’s cheek, caressing him sweetly in his palm in the way he would never be able to do so in real life. Now, however, the cold and cutting words were more like nightmares, and it stirred up anger from deep within his soul until he wanted to fight.
“Yeah, yeah, laugh it up,” Tony grumbled, stomping past him and ignoring the giggles that followed behind him. The hallway lights flickered ominously as then left the building.
Tony opened his mouth to reply and closed it quickly as a thought scampered across his brain. Slowly, he replied, “You’re not a bother, Cap. If you want to talk, we’ve got five hours and I’m outta crossword puzzles to pretend to do.”
(The loss was too great to bear, so they kneeled, gripping the ground in hopes that they could catch even an echo of who had disappeared.)
...the most gorgeous man he had ever met. Even in the dim light, he could see the blue eyes looking back at him. He wore the “dirty soldier” look much too well; there was a streak of sweat running down his face.
Tony stumbled after Nebula, holding an ache of emptiness in his chest and the crumbling pieces of his helmet in his hand. He was exhausted from the events of the day, the torrent of emotions washing over him. His world was tinged in grey, and he was in agony both physically and mentally.
You really should dump Stark and go out with me, at least I know how to cook. I’m an amazing chef, I’d have you drooling before the first course.
So he said hoarsely, not even a modicum of confidence in his words, “We rebuild. We are responsible for protecting Earth, so we do what we were tasked to do. We must go back out there and help those who need help.”
He could do this, acclimate to a new life, wrangle and understand the new technology that had evolved while he was dead, and learn everything new that had happened during the past seventy years.
Tony raised his voice gradually until he was nearly shouting in the expanse of the large lecture hall. Still, some students snored on. Useless, the lot of them. “Anyway, you guys can pick up your exam on the way out the door, and make sure you can hold your liquor next time. Get out.”
Asshole just opened his laptop and started typing. I bet he’s writing a blog about how successful he is at dating
"You can come," Steve says casually. With the way that his world is narrowed down to two points and blood is roaring in his ears, it sounds as if Steve is very far away instead of right on top of him.
Stevens looked flabbergasted and wide-eyed, not unlike a deer in headlights. “But I didn’t order breakfast,” he stammered.
Going out every day, seeing the hopelessness in the civilians’ eyes were devastating because the Avengers didn’t do their job right. And even as they walked out in full uniform with supplies and a willing hand, Steve always felt that underneath their despair was accusations for not doing more. Steve may be able to brush the thoughts aside, but facing that constant failure wore him down too.
Steve looked at his wings in the mirror everyday and hated them. He didn’t know why he stared at them: punishment, perhaps, for molting them black? Penance? Steve wasn’t sure, but he looked at them and gritted his teeth.
Tony couldn’t believe his ears, and he stared as he greeted her like an old friend. Just like the Doctor, the man was crazy, pretending that such an inanimate object was real. And Tony had liked his looks. He was disappointed, but still he said, “That’s a thing…a police box.”
Tony said,  “You know, I’ve been trying to figure you out. You seem different, sound different, act differently from anyone else, and I’m not sure what it is.”
The man shook his head. “Can’t you feel it? She understands you, you know.” The man looked back at him. “You must’ve touched her, surely. You should be able to feel
The man gave him a bland smile, but he didn’t move his hand away. “Extenuating times call for extenuating circumstances,” he said. “I may not be pack, but my touch helped calm you down.”
“Scientifically impossible in human terms,” Stevens agreed. “But remember, the TARDIS isn’t Earth technology, I’m sure the Doctor told you.”
Pepper, don’t worry, I’m doing my work. I just needed to get out of my office for a bit. (I’m definitely not avoiding my board meeting.)
And when Tony pushed back in, he punched out a moan from Steve’s lungs. Steve arched his back in pleasure. “You’re so beautiful, baby,” Tony praised, stroking the length of his throat. “Eyes on me. I want to see your beautiful blue eyes.”
“Maybe, but he’s cute,” Tony whined. He stole another glance towards the far table, and Stevens gave him a wave and a grin.
And this time, he wasn’t the small, skinny boy, falling down after every punch but still getting back up again. No, this time he was the big guy, one of the strongest men and enhanced by science, and he used his strength to
“Yeah,” Tony replied, grinning. He had Stevens’s attention. “Robots and metal and all, lots of fun.”
The creature was adorable, and it took a lot of concentration and will for him not to melt under the cuteness of his clone. Steve hitched his shield behind him and looked at Tony.
It took him a while before the conversation replayed in his head, and Tony realized he never caught his name. He snapped back to the present. “What did you say your name was?”
. Steve’s fingers lifted, unbidden, and he brushed over the numbers, which only stared back at him. His chest constricted, then swelled.
Cooking and baking might not be skills Tony possesses, but at least he has other outstanding skills.
He threw his phone at the wall in frustration as he replayed the conversation in his head. “Fuck. JARVIS?”
“Let it all out, baby,” Tony said lovingly. “It’s okay, cry as much as you want. It’s overwhelming, I’m sure.”
“And you are,” Steve said breathlessly. He pressed wet lips behind the curve of Tony’s ear. “You make me happy.”
Tony was silent, still, processing those words. “As far as apologies went,” Tony said, “your words were pitiful. I’ve been dreaming of this moment for two years, seeing you, and I’ve always expected that you were going to finish the job. I’ve regret trying to hurt Bucky, and I’ve always wanted to tell you that I was sorry.”
Despite his words, the way that Nebula looked at him disapprovingly had him heading towards the bunks, and besides, and he
When Tony awoke this time on the spaceship, he felt calmer and more relaxed. He finally made peace with Steve. Any lingering anger dissipated as he woke up, leaving determination in its wake.
“Of course. I’ve always wanted you, I’m not going to give you up now, now that I know what’s at stake: this beautiful, gorgeous man who is amazing and smart and kind. I’m not giving that up for anyone else.”
“On the contrary, I believe first place is mine,” Natasha said just as her character reached the finish line.
Tony looked at him. “They can try.” He turned back to the Alpha. It was a suicide mission, refusing, but he didn’t care. “You want the Jericho? You can’t have it!”
He wished he could do the same, let his wings flow freely and tangle them among those he cared about.
Natasha smacked him, drawing a yelp from Clint’s lip. Steve laughed when Clint reached up to rub the back of his head. “Of course he did. Look at him, he has a backpack of his stuff.”
“Never.” That was a new piece of information – Tony didn’t know that Stevens was a Captain, but the more he observed, the more he could see the set of his shoulders that suggested that the man was familiar with the military. He stared at the man, standing stock-still, observing and memorizing, and then Stevens looked up, brushed his hair back with his fingers. He grinned when he saw him.
“As you were,” Tony laughed, turning away to join Bruce in the kitchen. Steve liked that laugh; it was a beautiful laugh, and it warmed him to the core. He stared at Tony’s wings (not his ass, not his ass) as he left, and when he finally turned back to face the screen, Clint, Natasha, and Thor shared looks with each other before they turned to him and grinned.
“I know Quill is very particular about people tampering with his ship. He nearly killed Rocket after he took off with one of the chairs.”
Indeed, some feathers hurt when he plucked them away, but he gritted his teeth through the pain and endured it.
Stevens smiled. It was infectious, and Tony found himself grinning harder in return. “I’m ready now.”
Tony scowled in response. “I’m a busy man, as you well know if you’ve heard of me. Company to run, theses to write, projects to finish. I’m here because your ship is more interesting than you, no offense.”
“I’ll be there for you now, not in the way I wasn’t for you before,” Steve said. There were tears in his eyes, but there was also a look of benediction and promise. “I’ll be there for you. I love you, and I should have told you before, but now that I have this second chance, I can’t not tell you that.”
“Of course,” Steve vows, eagerly licking along his back again. But they both know better: Tony loves to be groomed by Steve once he gets used to the wet dog drool, and Steve loves spending time with the squirrel whenever work doesn’t get in the way. And Steve had been out for nearly four days, so this is a cherished quiet moment for them. They sit on the grass under the tree, everything falling into the wayside as Steve cares for him and protects him. He doesn’t need all of this, but it’s nice to be taken care of once in a while.
They were ugly, not like the colorful wings that his team had. Plucking his wings this time around were a futile effort; every feather he plucked were replaced by a new one, and while they were stronger than his wings before the serum, it was also more painful to pluck them.
Steve nodded, and Tony said as confidently as he could, “We avenge, and we have unfinished business to take care of.”
The smell of bleach were more potent than ever when he uncapped the lid, his sense of smell more powerful than before. Steve wrinkled his nose at the smell, but he endured it, stepping into the shower.
Kids shed feathers all over the place, and especially when they roughhoused each other. It wasn’t unusual to see a few feathers flying all over the place during recess.
The plunger moved up and down, and Butterfingers turned completely around to show that he had been cleaned. Tony grinned. “Good boy. I’ll let you exterminate.”
“Yeah right, you never pay anyway,” Rhodey said, small bursts of laughter still spilling from his mouth. Tony shoved him into the wall. Or, he tried; Rhodey
He slowly sat down as the Stones pulled up on screen. He couldn’t believe something so small and so pretty could have a such devastating effect on the world and the entire universe. The pain in his chest had numbed, but it was still raw remembering the loss of everyone on that planet. Especially Peter.
“Well, that’s a weird way to say it, but just to clarify,You’re in Cambridge. It’s the year 1989, and you’re here with someone who knows how to have a good time,” Tony said brightly. He pushed away his half-eaten plate of food. “Tell you what, how would you like to come by my workshop?”
to live there so badly. If he did so, he would have more opportunities to see Tony than all the official meetings that the Avengers had to attend.
“You’re so messy,” Steve said fondly, curling his hands around his waist. A little harder, and Tony was sure that his skin would bruise, marking him being owned by the most amazing man. “I love you like this.”
Tony put his finger to his lips. “If you’re going to say bad things about your wings again, I don’t want to hear it. You’re not ugly, you’re not a killer. You’re a protector, and you deserve to use your wings.”
Through the open eye pieces, Tony watched as Yinsen moved around, scrambling to fit him into the armor. He breathed, trying to keep his anxiety at bay. He hated this, this stillness; it was against his very nature of freedom to move easily. This was unwieldy and slow. But he wasn’t a wolf, not anymore, not when the wolfsbane remained coursing through his body. He was a human, and a subpar one at that.
Tears prickled in his eyes until his vision of the feather became blurry. Now Tony knew how much of a freak he truly was. He nodded tersely, keeping his eyes down at his sketchbook.
With one smooth motion, Steve throws off the covers, revealing Tony's nakedness. Because he doesn't get clothes anymore either; Steve owns him entirely, heart, mind, soul.
because he was a mystery that Tony couldn’t figure out quite yet even as he got to know a little more about Stevens.
The feeling of the bag pressed against his knuckles loosened the jittery feelings within his chest, and his muscles relaxed, finding solace in a familiar motion. Thoughts of his dream faded away like an ocean breeze, and he focused on the flow of the swinging bag, jabbing on one side, then on the other. Huffs were interspersed between hits and sweat dripped down his forehead. It was a good way to release the stress of the past several days.
Steve thought, looking down again. Tony turned his head with a press to his cheek so that Steve had to look at the beautiful man in front of him.
“They’re alive,” Steve said. “They’re doing their part to do control damage as best they can, but it’s just death everywhere. We should have stopped Thanos from doing it. We could have stopped all this from happening.” Steve pushed back against the wall and stepped back one step, two.
“That’s a no, Butterfingers!” Tony shouted, running to his lab. Butterfingers tended to get too eager in destroying things. “What did I tell you about unsupervised extermination!”
Tony grabbed Stevens’s cup and swallowed the rest of it. “No, tastes fine to me, why?” Tony looked up to see Stevens’s stunned face and frozen form, hand still curled as if his mug was still in his hand. There was a slight tinge of pink that stained his cheeks. The blue eyes shone cerulean blue under the incandescent lights and his pink lips were parted in surprise as they stared at each other.
“I can get us home,” Tony spoke quietly into the silence with the intensity of benediction. “Use some nanites, reroute the power to maximize efficiency. We’ll regroup, and we’ll then fight” This what he was made to do – this was what his mind was built for: to create under pressure. He needed to know if what he was dreaming about was indeed only a dream, but he needed to know who was still alive; he wasn’t going to die alone out here if he could help it. Besides, Thanos needed to go.
Logically, he knew that it was important to be prepared. He looked ahead, out into the vast multi-colored galaxy. Under other circumstances, Tony would have found the view pretty, the golden, blue, and magenta hues illuminating the universe, brightly colored white stars glowing brightly, not unlike the images NASA had taken with their satellites. But the situation was dire. No help would be coming for them, not in this corner of this forsaken galaxy. There would be no Avengers to have his back this time.
“So do you trust me to tell you that your wings are beautiful?” Tony’s were dark, but they held Steve steady, grounding him.
And then there was a blunt pressure pressing against his asshole, and he let a long wail as the pressure became unbearable and his ass opened to let Tony in.
Before Yinsen could say another word, the gun fired, sending a bullet towards them. It embedded into the ceiling, sending dust down on their heads. The Alpha fled, and as soon as he disappeared, “Lousy shot,” Tony said after a beat.
“He wasn’t trying to kill us. He was only trying to scare us.” Yinsen turned to Tony. “Are you okay?”
“Nat, you can’t stay up there forever!” Clint exclaims, putting his front paws upon the rugged bark before he bounces on his hind legs in a poor attempt to reach her.
“That’s not my area of expertise,” Bruce said. “I started on something, but I don’t have enough information to create the tech to find the Stones, or – “
“Mini you is so cute!” Tony cooed, draping his body along Steve’s side. “I can’t stop staring at him.”
“Hive mind,” Tony said, acknowledging his words, and if Steve focused a little harder (which he definitely wasn’t doing), he could hear the praise in his voice, and Steve’s blush darkened a little harder. “Got it.”
They gathered at the Wakandan war council meeting room. At any other time, Steve would have loved to study the grand architecture of the room, detailed with vibranium and gold, but now, he had no energy to study the art carefully. Steve sat at the head of the conference table; the Avengers, Rocket, and Okoye sat along the other sides. Spread evenly on the oak surface were a row of Kimoyo beads. Each bead lit up to play holograms above of the various news channels played above their heads, but only half were on air and broadcasting the ruins on the ground.
