His feet sinking into the soft snow, keeping the machine between himself and the edge, he began to push the snowbike down the ledge into the open mountainside. There was not much light, but he had excellent night vision and right now, he was too close to the militia base to use the torch. The risk was not worth it.
Bucky and Clint had noticed this behaviour too, and it irritated them. Nat and Rhodes seemed amused by it. Potts just looked sad. He’d caught her looking at him with the same sadness. Firemen probably looked at kitten trapped in trees with the same expression.
. Let’s beat the man unconscious. He wondered if it would feel any different if he ran a thumb over it. He wondered if he would feel anything. He wondered if he would feel anything. Only 0.03 per cent of the population was born with a mark. And most them went on to live and die with the knowledge that there was someone out there for them. Precious few ever found their soulmates. Nobody had ever tried to deny one. So what did that make him? Perhaps the punchline.
“We ask because we are curious,” said Rhodes, “Not because you have a snowball’s chance in hell of getting what you want from us,” said Rhodes, “Not after what you pulled with Tony,” he added, then winced as if the words just slipped out.
“Look at you,” Steve gurgled, wet and coughing blood, “You are an angel after all. You saved me, thank..,” he stuttered and coughed again.
Steve was feeling selfish today. Sometimes it felt like Tony belonged to the whole world. He was generous that way, offering up his time, his money, his efforts and himself to everyone who needed him. Sometimes, Steve wondered if there’d be any Tony left for him. And he felt selfish to ask Tony for another piece of his time and himself. He looked at their intertwined hands and tried to remember the need to be less clingy, when Tony squeezed his hand and Steve looked up at him.
But the itch would not go away. Now that he thought about it, the itch was not in his wrist at all. It was under every inch of his skin—on his scalp, on his face, on his chest, under his fingertips. God he needed a bath. It was this cellar. It was old and musty. He suddenly remembered that he used to have allergies as a child. What if this place had triggered some latent allergies. He did not get ill any more, not after his rebirth in that cave. But who knows, perhaps it had settled on his skin. Yes, a shower would do the trick. That is what it was. That was all this was. He needed to get away from this cellar, the cold and Tony Stark with his bleeding face and furious eyes who made him feel small and scared. Like the lonely little lost boy buried in the snow, in a hole in the ground, that he thought he had left behind.
“The minute I turn my back on you, you kids get up some mischief or the other. So, where is everybody? What have you been doing?”
“I know it is his man. As you say, wouldn’t they know who they were selling to? But what if they didn’t know?”
He didn’t know how long it took, he closed his mind to the pain and the fatigue that was threatening to pull him under, and like a man in a trance, he kept mechanically putting one foot before the other, gripping the snowbike like it was his lifeline back to Tony.
A soulmate. Not everyone got one. He knew that. And even those who had one did not always find them. But it was a good story and it had made him feel special. Most people wore cuffs—to cover their marks or the absence of one. Precious few people knew of his marks—his parents did, but they were gone now. His best friends and business partners, Pepper, Rhodey and Happy knew. He had told Jarvis a long time ago.
Tony was silent. Anything he said would be taken down on the wrist of this man and held against him for all eternity. Tony shook his head.
The Hydra fort had four major weak points. Their water supply was an underground cave system that ran under the schloss and Tony calculated two well placed strikes would cause enough structural damage to cause the system to collapse taking most of the fort with it. The ammunition store was right in one of the turrets which had a convenient window right on top. Two of the guard towers would fall directly into the ravine on the other side of the mountain, if hit from a certain angle.
“I had forgotten what she looked like. I knew it was you…somehow you were in my head and making things easier. I felt you. Couldn’t understand it. I can't tell you how happy it made me... not to be alone. I thought may be that is what it felt like to be in love,” said Steve.
Steve nods. "Good. Then what do we do with the rest of the evening? As Jan reminded me earlier today, she's hosting a holiday party. We could go?" This time it genuinely is a question. He would like them to go, but he can't speak for Tony. He can't speak for both of them as a single entity. That isn't his right.
Just after 9:00, Jan calls them all together. "Okay, everyone! Head for the tree! It's time for presents!"
His throat closes up a little at that first sight of Tony. His skin flushes, his heart starts to race. Tony looks good. Real good. He's wearing an ivory-colored shirt and black trousers, a timeless, elegant outfit. He got a haircut while he was away. But Steve can also see the hints of fatigue and the strain around his eyes, little things that probably most people wouldn't even catch. But Steve has known Tony a long time, very long time.
He knows it's not that easy, of course. Tony's issue of feeling like he isn't worthy of Steve's love isn't going to go away just because of two kisses. But Steve is willing to kiss him as many times as it takes. He's going to tell Tony how much he loves him every single day. And every single night, too.
Next in line is a little girl, maybe six years old; it's hard to tell. She's got a pink knitted cap on over her dark braids, and there's a Captain Marvel picture on her jacket. Steve's been watching her as the line moves up, and the way she presses tight to her mom. She's going to be one of those kids who's too scared to actually sit on his lap, he can already tell.
Together they moved into the bedroom, Tony shutting the door behind them. Outside the sky was starting to lighten with the rising sun, but in here it was still warm and dark. And he had been wrong again, he thought. It wasn’t the suit that made him feel safe.
Across from him, Tony is now deep in conversation with Ororo Munroe. She says something that makes him laugh, but Steve can see it's the public laugh, the one Tony perfected for the glaring eye of the world even before he was out of his teens.
"What is it?" he demands. He's the only one on the ground, the only one here who's not capable of flight. It's the holidays and too many of them are away, visiting family and friends. Only four of them showed up today, four of them with no clue how to breach that force field.
When it's her turn, the girl moves forward only because her mom makes her walk ahead. She's already half-turned away, her face a mask of anxiety.
With that, Steve starts to get angry. He also, in the back of his mind, starts to feel the increasing beat of his heart. And a creeping coldness that seems to be rising from somewhere down around his feet. "I don't care what you say. I know what I feel."
Whatever Tony says, though, it makes the little girl smile. She looks at Steve, then up at her mom. The mom makes an encouraging gesture. The girl looks at Steve again. He smiles his best benign Santa Cap smile and beckons with one gloved hand.
Steve’s lips were warm and soft, his mouth warm and inviting. Tony pressed against him, one hand flat on the skin of Steve’s back, the other somewhere between them, trying to get rid of their clothing. Their fingers tangled as Steve reached down with the same intent, and Tony broke the kiss to throw back his head and laugh with pure joy.
It's December 8th, and the superheroes of New York City are putting on a show. This one doesn't involve masked villains or falling buildings, though. This one is free for all ages, and though there is TV coverage, there is no one huddling for shelter and all the screams are ones of delight.
Silence fills the space around them. Despite his anguish, Steve feels his heart slow. He is calm again. It occurs to him that he too knows how this will end.
Steve smiles at him. Tries to pretend it isn't killing him that the three feet between them might as well be three miles. "Anytime."
Already Steve misses the warmth of his body, the brush of his mustache on sensitive skin. He wants to kiss Tony again. His arms feel cold where Tony held him so tight; his skin craves Tony's touch.
It probably will. These things always do. "But not tonight, right?" Steve says. "It is Christmas Eve, you know."
As usual with these guys, it starts with a failed bank robbery. But it quickly escalates into a pitched battle in the streets, because someone apparently has decided to bankroll these losers. And they have far greater tech than Steve has ever seen before. Even after they've been fighting for a while, with damaged buildings and rubble all around them, the Serpent Society persists. Instead of fleeing, the masked members gathers in the middle of the road, safe behind a shimmery bubble of wavy blue light.
Steve considers it. He could do it. He really could. There's enough mistletoe hanging from random doorways to give him the perfect excuse.
Tony looks taken aback, as well he might. Steve is hardly the type of person to encourage shirking one's duty. But then he says, a bit reluctantly, "No, not tonight."
Steve just nods a little, acknowledging what he already knew. He's never really thought about it before, all those times over the years when Tony has sacrificed his time for others, coming up with plans and contingency plans for anything and everything that could possibly affect Iron Man and the Avengers.
"How are you?" Tony asks. He stands up. He's dressed in a white tank top and jeans. Summer clothes. Working clothes.
So he waits, giving his time and his reassurances to Rhodey. Jan hugs him and reminds him of her holiday party that night, starts out the door, then comes flying back for another hug. He takes an intergalactic call from Carol and a regular call from Sam. He turns down two interview offers with the local news. He spends some time in his room, just working on his breathing and feeling thankful to be home again. He is always patient with hospital staff, who after all are only trying to help him, but nothing can beat the relief of being back home.
He's rearranging the coffee mugs for the third time, trying to find an arrangement that is practical and also aesthetically pleasing, when he hears the doors open. He spins around quickly, but isn't quite in time to catch Tony walking in.
"I always believed you," Tony admits. He lifts his head and meets Steve's gaze. "Even when I didn't want to."
"About what I said," Tony starts. Steve wonders how many scripts he has already tossed aside, now that he has been forced to begin the conversation instead of reacting to an overture.
“You know what,” Steve had said, “I think you’re right. You go to Vegas. Look at tech. Give a speech. I’ll stay here in New York.”
And just how long has Tony been watching him anyway? He hasn't been standing there very long, that's one thing he can be sure of. But even when he's not physically present, Tony has plenty of ways to see what's happening inside this Tower. Especially his own armory.
Tony just stands there, further away than Steve would like, staring at him. The look on his face is vaguely familiar, but it takes Steve a second to recognize it. When he does, he wants to cringe. Tony is looking at him the way he does when he's faced with an unforeseen problem.
He'll probably never know the rest of what happened in Seattle, Steve concedes. "Well, I'm glad you're back."
"I really love you," Steve breathes. He closes the last distance between them. In that last instant, he sees the way Tony is trembling all over. Then he has his hand on Tony's arm and his lips are on Tony's lips and the tremors sweep through him too.
Tony is standing behind a long, low desk. Three keyboards are spread before him, one with keys bearing strange symbols instead of letters and numbers. A hologram hangs in the air above him, a steady blue light that seems to be showing part of the Iron Man armor, though it's hard to tell. The 3-D printer is silent today, though some machines in one corner are working away, emitting a quiet but rhythmic thumping noise.
It's very true. Part of him had worried that Tony would stay away for much longer than this. Long enough, for instance, for Steve to get over his burst of inconvenient feelings.
And so he had left, but not without regrets. The truth was, he hadn’t wanted Steve here because part of him had known even then that he would not be able to enjoy the expo. Not the way he had in the past. And he hadn’t wanted to pretend in front of Steve, to act like he was still thrilled to see new weaponry and do the inevitable Tony Stark thing by boasting out loud that his own genius could have done better. He hadn’t wanted the inevitable questions, the gossip, the sneaky photographs that would end up in a tabloid the next day, captioned by a tacky headline.
He stands near an artful arrangement of armchairs and nurses his drink: just plain eggnog, no liquor added. He's supposed to be talking with Thor and Jane Foster right now, but in plain truth, most of his focus is on Tony.
"Yes, I was actually," Tony says. He is completely frank, no apology, no embarrassment at admitting that he was going to work through Christmas.
Steve growls in frustration. They can't afford to wait much longer. Behind that force field, Sidewinder is doing something with his teleportation cloak, getting ready to whisk them all away, out of the Avengers' reach.
Yes, he does know that. Once again Tony has decided on his own what's best for everyone involved. Without consulting them. Without even talking to them. He's applied his great big brain to the problem and come up with what he absolutely believes is the only possible solution.
This is in fact true, though Steve knows it isn't the real reason Tony stayed away. Still. "I appreciate it," he says.
Tony won't look at him. Steel bands constrict about Steve's chest. They may have temporarily deviated from the script, but he's all too afraid he knows what comes next. "Don't you dare say we shouldn't have done that." He can't bear the thought of Tony ruining the moment they just shared.
"It was your idea, wasn't it," Steve says. He didn't know that before now, and he has no proof of the allegation, but he knows it's true all the same. The media likes to label Tony as heartless, but this is the same man who revealed his superhero identity to the world for the sake of saving a puppy. They don't know him. None of them do.
And so he doesn't see the figure in crimson armor approach. The first thing he knows is that the voice he loves so much is no longer solely in his ear, but right there in front of him. Calling his name.
The party is exactly what Steve expected. A little too loud, a little too over-decorated, and a surprising amount of fun.
"No!" Iron Man's voice comes over the comm, in Steve's ear. "Don't fire any energy weapons. It'll just reinforce their shielding."
It pisses Steve off. There is nothing he can say, nothing he can do, that Tony won't have thought of and planned for. He's thought about this day, too, of course, but though he was always good with battle strategy, he doesn't have the futurist's brain. Nor does he have the gall to think he knows how this conversation is going to go.
One person didn't visit him, though. He hadn't honestly expected it, though it had stung a little at the time. But with some time to reflect, he's actually glad Tony didn't come. He wouldn't have wanted to hold a serious, intimate conversation in the hospital. And avoiding it would only have been awkward.
Tony resists just long enough for Steve to think he's made a terrible mistake. Then he reaches up to seize Steve close, one hand snaking around his neck, pulling him in.
But he's seen the way Tony looks at him sometimes, always when Tony thinks he isn't watching. And he's noticed, too, over the years, that whenever Tony upgrades their equipment or their costumes, Captain America's is always first on the list.
Some gifts are better just torn into, pretty wrapping paper ripped and tossed aside. Some, though, are worth taking the time to unwrap, enjoying the experience of the unveiling, the discovery of what lies beneath the glitter.
He has a meeting later with a lady from the VA, finalizing some plans that have been in the works for months now. It's another charity event, something he genuinely enjoys doing, especially when there are veterans and their families involved. As of right now, the event is little more than a lunch meet-and-greet, a thing Steve has done so often he could probably do it in his sleep by now.
"That's how," he says. He stands with his forehead bowed, touching Tony's forehead. Tony's hand is still on the back of his neck, and he is still clutching Tony's shoulders even though he doesn't remember reaching up to do that. He's reluctant to let go. He's afraid if he does he'll never get this back again.
But all that is just the surface. Behind the glittering smile and the confidence that rules a global industrial empire is just a man. A man who doesn't really like himself. A man who will never stop trying to atone for a past he can never change.
The fact that he knows this makes Steve's heart miss a beat. He's seen Tony laugh tonight already, and it was the real thing. Not many people can say that.
All afternoon long Tony has been shepherding kids up the little ramp to where Steve sits in his Santa costume. He's wearing a red shirt with black trousers, and a Christmas tie. He's really good with kids, something that surprised Steve at first, even though he feels like he should have known that.
Tony blinks in surprise. It's entirely possible he forgot the date, having thrown himself into his work for days. It certainly wouldn't be the first time he's done such a thing. Then he smiles, a brilliant smile that lights up his entire face. "Merry Christmas, Steve."
"I was going to visit," Tony says, "but the press would've been all over it, and I didn't want to do that to you."
With all his strength, he pushes himself forward. Pain rips through him, but he manages to get free. He can see his shield lying on the street, where he was standing before. Just waiting for him to retrieve it. It's not far. He can do this.
Tony holds out his hand. Without hesitation, the little girl takes his hand. Together they walk up to where Steve sits surrounded by empty boxes wrapped to look like enormous gifts and sprayed with fake snow.
“I thought it was the most exciting time of the year,” Steve said, echoing what Tony himself had said before he left.
That would explain the weird way Tony froze yesterday, and the strained quality to his smiles. But that only deepens the mystery. Why isn't he happy about this? Has Steve so drastically misread him all this time?
Pinned to the rubble by the metal piercing his back and shoulders, Steve watches the rest of his team finish the fight. The shimmery force field seems to be blinking in and out now. Though Steve concedes that might just be his own failing vision.
It could drive Steve crazy if he let it. Tony is one of the best men he knows, and one of the most selfless. One of the most aggravating, too.
Breakfast does nothing to satisfy his hunger. He tastes none of it. He has to make an effort to respond appropriately to Carol and Sam when they talk to him. He's thinking about another conversation, one that looms in his future. A conversation he's not entirely sure he's ready for.
Even from across the room, Tony commands attention. He's in a red dress shirt, and his tie has little Christmas lights that blink off and on. He's drinking water, and in one hand he holds a tiny plate with a couple stray meatballs. He looks good. Good enough to kiss.
Steve’s eyes moved away from the photo to another one of the two of them, taken during their vacation to Hawaii, then to another from their senior prom. Tony couldn’t even guess how many pictures he’d had printed; there were dozens spread everywhere. He squeezed Steve’s hand.
Tony clutched at the last letter Steve had written him, before the one saying he was finally coming home.
“It’s…not really much yet,” Tony admitted self-consciously, “I haven’t even chosen what the shape of the wood should really be yet. I could have had it made too, but I thought…” He trailed off, because honestly he wasn’t sure what he had thought. Maybe the Steve’s Christmas spirit had gotten to him, he thought, mentally shuddering.
“I want to…go home. Eat some of those cookies you made. Put on a Elf and some sweaters and pretend we aren’t in Malibu for a little bit.” Tony admitted quietly, doing his best to hold Steve’s gaze, hoping it didn’t waver as much as his voice did.
“Oh my goodness, I am so sorry!” A familiar voice exclaimed, and Tony looked up to see the apologetic eyes of Jeremy the hotel clerk. “Tony?” He asked, a smile lighting up his face. “It’s so good to see you again! What are you doing around here?”
“They didn’t do anything, right? They didn’t touch you?” Steve asked, his blue eyes intense even in the dim streetlight.
As Tony reminisced, he watched Steve take a deep steadying breath before looking back at the supplies.
“Sorry, sorry. I’ll stop asking,” Steve promised, having the decency to look somewhat contrite, but the feeling was muted by the pleased smile he was doing a bad job of hiding and the way he bounced slightly up and down on his toes. Tony sighed again, still holding Steve’s wrist, and dragged him back over to the door.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to ruin the surprise, I just — I thought my present was already under the tree?”
“Thank you,” Steve replied with a small, relieved huff, and Tony felt as if he was being thanked for something beyond taking an order.
“Stevie, come on, just a little while longer...Stevie, come on,” Bucky tried to reach out to him, knock against his shoulder so he could grumble and yell at him, like they had so many mornings before, but he couldn’t. His arm wouldn’t cooperate. He turned his head to look and found nothing. It was there before. What happened to it? “Steve? Stevie, have you seen my arm? It was...It was just here…” Bucky let out a sob, turning his head all the way to the left and seeing Steve, holding the picture. The one with Tony and Pepper. Smart. Steve did say he was smart.
, Steve probably would’a mouthed off and gotten himself punched, but he couldn’t feel anything other than breathtaking relief at the other man’s perceptive kindness. Steve was wearing the uniform, so he probably knew. He probably guessed that was what had Steve’s nerves wired.
“You know you could always call me. If you – if you’re in trouble. I’m not that far.” Steve offered.
Fuck. Bucky turned away, closing his eyes as violent sobs wracked against him, but still all he saw was red.
"Really?" Steve asked, crinkling his nose, "How do you learn much from the future? You don't even know what's going to happen."
“Yeah it was great. Aunt Nat brought a sword. Are you sure everything’s okay? You never answer on the first ring when you’re in the lab for the night.”
“I’m not saying it’s your fault, I’m – “ Steve cut himself off, forcing the rest of his breath out harshly. “I’m just worried.”
“Wait, no, not in there!” Tony tried to cry out before Steve opened up the wrong door in the hall, but it was too late. He’d been looking for some extra lights he could hang around the fireplace, so Tony directed him to the storage closet in the hall, but he’d ended up opening the door to the spare bedroom instead.
Tony could feel the silent worry through the phone, and sometimes Peter was so much like his father Tony wanted to laugh. Or cry.
“You don’t have to, I’m sure whatever you pick will be great,” Steve tried to assure him, but he followed Tony eagerly into the room and over to the bed where Tony had everything laid out. It wasn’t put together yet; Tony had actually just begun to sort everything out when Steve surprised him, and since he’d been here Tony hadn’t been able to work on it at all on account of refusing to leave Steve’s side. Since their ice skating adventure, they’d rarely left the house, mostly just decorating and enjoying each other’s company. They both had some remote work to do, and being able to cuddle up next to Steve with a tablet to look over specs made them infinitely more enjoyable.
Sometimes Steve dreamed about what his life would be like if he was born in some other time. Some time when there were no more wars to fight and people would be free to love whoever they wanted to. If there
The coffee machine gurgled to a stop behind Steve’s head, but Tony didn’t move to get it. This moment felt delicate, like one twitch in the wrong direction would shatter something Tony couldn’t even see being built.
His voice echoed loudly of the walls, going sharp on the notes that were too low for him and flat on the ones that were too high, swinging his voice up and down in a truly embarrassing way, but damn if Tony wouldn’t murder anybody who tried get him to stop. He had worked hard in order to be able to witness Steve sing as unabashedly around him as possible, and he was never going back to anything else.
Well, that wasn’t quite true. They’d gone to school together, except Steve was a year older than him and a football player where Tony was a science geek. Tony had had a couple of classes with him, but they’d never interacted much beyond being in the same lab group for first semester.
Tony came back with the coffee pot, flipping the mug over and filling it. “Anything else catch your eye?” He asked, looking into that blue gaze again.
“Oh hush, I need to get this done. You could help, you know,” Steve suggested before going back to rolling out the dough and grabbing the cookie cutters he wanted.
Bucky knew. Steve wasn’t sure how much he understood, but he knew. Steve could tell. At first he’d been ashamed, hidden himself, blustered that part of him away under an irrational need to be here, on the front lines in a war no one wants to be fought. But here, Steve thinks he lost the ability to feel shame. He’d learned to take his pleasures where he could get them, and if he wasn’t sure he’d be killed for it, he’d proudly parade around Tony’s picture, read off the letter that Tony sent saying he’d gotten into MIT like he’d wanted. Tony was going to change the world, and Steve wanted nothing more than to be beside him when he did it.
“Yeah, Clint’s something,” Tony agreed again, looking down at his dripping ice cream. “But only two days, huh? Really taking ‘em fast, now.”
Tony sighed. “That’s — one thing, this was…something else,” he replied, his voice choppy as he tried to come up with an explanation off the top of his head, but it wasn’t working out.
“You’re a menace,” Tony accused, pushing up to his toes to try to chase another kiss, but Steve straightened up, therefore out of kissing range.
Tony knew Steve had many, many amazing qualities. His gentle smile, his tendency to be a complete goofball, his ability to make his words sound so sincere Tony’s heart ached with it.
They never really talked about how long this would last, because neither of them knew. Tony felt a clenching at the pit of his stomach at the thought, but, as if sensing the direction of his thoughts, he felt Steve’s hand gently pull his chin up to meet his gaze.
“Is it—does it hurt? Did you burn? Shit, you should be putting this under cold water —“ Steve started to drag him over to the sink, so Tony tried to gently take his hand back and grab at Steve’s arm.
“So? I wanna do this every time I see you,” Tony mumbled into his shoulder. Steve responded by squeezing him a bit tighter and pressing a kiss to his temple. They stayed like that for a minute or two, and Tony sent a little ‘thank you’ up to whatever it was that answered his plea. Steve was here, maybe only for one short day, but that was one more day down before they got to spend the rest of their lives together.
Hope blossomed in Tony’s chest. “Is he sending a special private jet to get you out there before the art world crumbles without you?”
Tony chuckled, basking in the light that Steve seemed to bring everywhere with him. Everything Steve did for him seemed to glow, filling a part of Tony’s chest with warmth that he hadn’t even realized had been empty while he was gone.
“What? Everything’s fine, I just wanted to say hi,” Steve immediately replied, confusion evident even through the tinny speaker.
"I'm too comfy to be hungry," Tony pouted again, pulling the blankets back up to his chin and fixing Steve with a petulant glare.
He’d caught a glimpse of it, the one afternoon he and Tony had had together. Right before he’d stepped on the bus, the sun was starting to set. If you looked hard enough, stars were starting to appear, but Steve was looking too closely at Tony’s face. Those beautiful brown eyes shone with a new expression Steve hadn’t seen in them before. If he took out the sadness, he could almost see something else entirely, some sort of other life waiting for him, where he and Tony could lay on the grass until the sun fully set and the stars were the only things they could see hanging in the sky above them.
“Tony, I’m sorry.” He heard Steve say softly, and then all of a sudden he was engulfed in a chest, two strong arms wrapped around his back, and it was all so achingly familiar that if Tony closed his eyes, he could practically feel the shitty secondhand couch from his old college apartment underneath him, Steve’s chest under his cheek, and every part of them pressed so close together Tony felt like nothing in the world could touch them.
The morning before he shipped out, Steve didn’t wander into Tony’s cafe by accident. He’d never gone before, mostly because he could always see Tony’s brown curls through the window and never had the guts, but if he was about to be shipped off and see God knows what, he has to at least be brave enough to face the most beautiful boy he’d ever seen.
“Okay, if you’re sure,” Steve was saying to whoever was on the other line. “We’ll have to keep an eye on it…Yeah, I have it with me. I can definitely take care of it…Uh-huh, you too, Sir. See you soon.” He ended the call and turned so he could face Tony and return the hug. “So that’s really crazy.”
Steve snorted softly. If only Tony knew the number of times he managed to derail Steve’s entire thought process. Every time he closed his damn eyes he saw Tony’s teasing grin, his deft fingers fiddling with a beaker in biology, the way his tongue darted out to catch a drip of ice cream before it fell to the pier below them. Sometimes it made him never want to open them again, and sometimes it was the only reason he pried his eyes open and walked into another day.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “No, he told me to stay put. He’s sending a bunch of files my way to sort through though.”
The shrill sound of Tony’s ringtone cut through his thoughts, and he jumped before looking down and seeing Peter’s name flash. A jolt of relief went through him and he answered quickly.
“But I saw the unrealized words… I read your soulmark.. in the cellar.. when I.. when you..” Tony was confused.
“I love you,” Steve whispered into Tony’s mouth. He had refrained from dropping the “L-Bomb” as Tony had called it since the last time they had been in injured. Tony never said it, and Steve thought he shouldn’t either. But, he realized, Tony said ‘I love you’ not with words, but with the brown of his eyes. That turned gold in the sunlight, and chocolate with delight, and held him like amber, and protected him like burnished brass and became red ochre just for him. Tony loved him with a strength of emotion that others considered "incapacitating." And Steve shivered again. But this time he was smiling into the kiss.
And then Steve froze. The monitor showing the interrogation room was cracked but the picture was still visible. A man was standing over a body on the ground with a gun in his hand. There was no mistaking the form on the floor.
Rhodey, Clint and Bucky primed their missile cannons and Nat took her position next to Tony to steer Iron Man. Jan was on lookout and called in the target positions through the radio comm.
Tony said nothing. He could satisfy his need to snark in the secrecy of his own brain. He was not giving the man his soulbond. At the thought his eyes went to the man’s wrist. He saw with a shock that the man had not covered it. He wondered if he could peek at the words and refrain from saying them. Would that even work?
“Yes, yes, yes. Really, most curious. The sedative in one bond mate’s blood seemed to slow down the heart rate and therefore the blood loss in the other bond mate. Right, doctor?” agreed Banner.
Steve shivered. But Tony did not go looking for the answer, using his soulbond key to explore the dark spaces of Steve’s mind. He waited for Steve. Smiling and gentle. Infinitely patient, like he never was with the rest of the world and suddenly Steve felt special.
The Gnat looked from the mace in Pepper’s hand to the door that was now firmly closed and gingerly replaced the jacket.
Nat hummed at the skyline and directed her answer at Steve instead. “Something troubling. We may have got it wrong.”
The dog barked again. Steve jerked his eyes to the ridge where the silhouettes of two men and a dog appeared against the skyline. Steve quickly dipped back into his white grave and kicking his feet  and elbow at the edge of the hole dislodged enough snow to cover himself and blur the edge of the man-shaped hole in the drift.
Steve picked up the harness and lifted the launcher on to one shoulder. Then, before Tony could react, he dipped down to steal a quick kiss and went to his position in the Iron Man underbelly.
“Let’s try this again. Shall we? I will ask questions and you will sit there. I will hit you and you will sit there. I will ask more questions and you will sit there. I will hit you some more and you will sit there. I have only two things to do. And so have you. When you choose door number two, which is to answer the question as opposed to just sitting there. Hey presto the door will open.”
“I am sorry,” Steve said looking straight at Tony. “I did you wrong. I made a bad call, and a bad decision based off bad intel. But more than that it was bad form.” His eyes dropped to Tony’s bandages and something about his expression felt like he was trying to do penance. Like he was counting and cataloging the injuries to think about and punish himself at leisure. The fucking masochist.
Again those exchanged glances. “As Mr Stark told Ms Romanov, we will let you know as soon as we can,” said Potts.
That could not be good. He had to get back to their hideout in this part  of the world. He looked at his map with a clearer head and soon he knew where to go.
Steve stayed flat against the wall and made no further sound. The door began to open cautiously but Steve kicked it open with all his strength. The man on the other side when flying into the monitor bank and smashed three of them. He would not be getting up again. But the other guy was faster. He was already firing at Steve and the bullets rang out into the open corridor.
“Well, you kept your end of the bargain. You didn’t say anything,” said Pepper into the silence that Steve left behind.
Steve knew that. He was looking at the inventory list of weapons in his hands. If that was the kind of stuff they were moving, Hydra was gearing up for war.
Potts and Rhodes exchanged looks. Some sort of conversation happened over there. Then Potts turned to him and said, “What can we do for you, Captain?”
Steve got rid of his disguise by mid morning. And even though he had been using up the contents of the bag (he was down to a single bar of dried food and the water bottle was long gone, most of the rope was spent and the mostly empty first aid kit was lying in the bushes a few kilometres ago) with the strange physics of hiking bags, the thing had only gotten heavier. He no longer looked like a militia man, just an out-of-place, disheveled, injured and dangerous-looking stranger wandering in the foothills of a known Hydra militia station. He, in fact, looked like a militia man in disguise.
Guido Reni's Michael is the painting I was looking at when describing Jarvis' room. Am not into Renaissance art, but of all angel depictions this one resonates with me. If there were angels, I have no doubt they'd be pensive.
“No, I am not ok. I’m better than ok, Steve. I’m fabulous. What is a little pain? I learned something!”
“We need to climb. We are visible,” Steve shouted into his comm over the noise of explosions. He bent down and disengaged the hook that attached his line to the body of the ship when he heard footsteps behind him. He turned around to see Tony scrambling across the deck and climbing over the side of the dirigible.
“Tell me about it,” Steve said as he reached for his knife and fork. He did not have a sweet tooth and didn’t fancy syrup. Cloying sweetness, he felt, always drowned out the other flavours and his senses basked in the hints of vanilla and cinnamon that he could detect in the fluffy perfectly browned circles in front of him.
When Nat finally walked back into the base all three men jumped. “I am ok. Got hit. Walked it off,” she smiled.
Pepper jumped to action. “I have put someone on the police clerk who oversaw the truck switch. And I’m going through all the trucks that were lost in the last six months. There is a pattern Tony. Almost every single captured truck, no matter where and whose jurisdiction it was caught under, ended up at the same precinct yard. I have a feeling this goes further back. I am pulling more records but I don’t expect to find anything new other than when it began,” she reported.
“I know you don’t consider me a friend, or anything. But know that I owe you. You’ve given me hope. I may not be whole, but perhaps I can know some peace.” He smiled again.
She had snagged a communicator from one of the Hydra militiamen they had knocked out and she had been listening in. They were gathering a small team to move a package. She suspected they had managed to salvage a weapon from the ruins. By the size of the team required, it seemed to be a big gun.
“The soul bond forming at the time just near death seemed to have kicked off some sort of shared life bond. Don’t you agree, doctor?” asked Strange.
But when he got to the garage he growled in frustration. It was empty. The survivors (he suspected the higher-ups) must have got away with whatever vehicles had been functional. He was still thinking of his next move when he felt a cold breeze and noticed that a part of the garage wall had fallen and taken a section of the floor with it. The wall overhung a sheer rock face but there was a sloped ledge leading away from the darkness of the howling ravine. There, less than five metres below him, was a snowbike, its nose buried in the snow, but looking fairly unharmed. Steve went through the rest of the garage facility, quietly breaking open all the lockers and cupboards. In fifteen minutes he limped back to the hole in the wall with a small bag full of dried foods, a water can, a torch, a first aid kit, a gun and a couple of knives, a tool kit and a can of fuel and a some rope.
Then something twanged, like a bowstring and he looked up at the monitor bank. His eye unerringly went to the one connected to the camera at the South gate. Steve.
“There were no casualties. A lot of the weapons cache was burnt to cinder. I’d like to think we helped. We left when Shield took charge. Nat is watching over the whole thing. We’ll know if something slips through the cracks.”
“No. I don’t want him any more involved than he already is. He was right. Nobody knows who we are and that is an advantage when it comes to our lightning strikes. Stark will be a sitting duck if Hydra find that he had any role at all to play. We owe him. Let’s keep him out of this. Let him be safe,” Steve was pleading now. With Nat? With himself? With Fate?
And yes, they lived happily ever after. No, I lie. There is no such thing as happily ever after. But there is together, with all the love, laughter, drama, and disappointment that is life, but together never the less. They lived and loved, together. Raining fire on Hydra's mountain retreat and on Hammer's munition factory from Tony's modified zepplin. They call themselves Avengers because Bucky did not want to be called one of Steve's Howler monkeys. Tony likes to think he is a Sky Pirate. Skyrate? Spirate? Steve doesn't care what they are called as long as Nat doesn't jump off the Zepplin and Clint doesn't shoot arrows through the gas envelope and Tony talks. Which he does, all the time.
“That’s where you are wrong, Tony. The empire, it is mine. You, I keep around for your brains and for what you can do for me. All this, it is my work. I gave you a place here, I watched over you growing up. And how do you repay me? You stab me in the back and throw me to the wolves,” Stane clicked his tongue and shook his head as he sat down next to Tony on the floor.
Steve shivered. Of all things he had forgotten, he wished he could forget the cold. He scratched at his wrist absentmindedly. It had been blank when he had finally woken up, alone in the hole. He had slept through the winter. It was spring outside. Steve had changed. He was something different now. Something stronger, harder, colder. Over time, in flashes and in dreams, he remembered some things about the boy he had been. But the day he had woken up, his mind had been a blank slate. As blank as the wrist that would not stop itching right now.
“Iron Man,” Steve said to the gate guard. The man looked him over and led him through the maze of the compound and left him in a windowless room with a few chairs and a single table. Steve opted to remain standing. There was nothing to look at in the room so he stared into the tiny camera and tried not to look intimidating. He wondered if that would work. Perhaps he should smile? He did not think that would work. Perhaps he should practice these strange expressions before he tried it on the unsuspecting public.
Steve had watched and listened to Tony talk without words. Tony would march into the room like he was ready for battle. At first Steve thought it was PTSD, but that wasn’t what it felt like. Tony looked like he had put on anger like an armour—assembled it around him in cold methodical precision. It felt practiced, and Steve should know about practiced emotions—after all he was a master on the subject.
That was when the punch across his jaw toppled the chair and he hit his head on the concrete floor with a sickening crunch.
“Who told you that?” Steve was looking at him with a smile that was all kinds of illegal, “I think it’s the best look on you."
Steve looked at the compass, got up and readjusted his own position. Then tilted his hand so Tony could see the needle pointing true north, at himself.
Tony’s zepplin was a marvel. The perfect stealth vehicle. It glided on whispers in the dark night. They had followed a lone truck with Hydra militia men to their mountain fortress. The Wasp’s intel was spot on. The base, ah-ha-ha, was at the top of a mountain. An old abandoned schloss repurposed as a keep for all their stolen weaponry. There was a lot of activity on the ground. Jan was right, they were gearing up to make a move against Shield.
Tony laughed. “I had this whole book of quotations that I thought would be cool things to have on one’s wrist. I mean, I wanted to say something sublime and meaningful to my soulmate,” Tony laughed.
Pepper corrected her aim to reach the woman’s face more accurately and her arm followed the trajectory of Gnat’s movement to the chair. Happy was the first person to come in through the door. He rushed to check on the nurse.
Steve couldn’t grudge a man his anger. Some things were hard to forgive, some things didn’t deserve to be forgiven. Steve was ok with that. But he looked to see that the wounds, at least, were healing well. The bandage around his head was gone. The bruise on his cheek was almost faded. He still wore his arm in a sling but he was regaining mobility in the arm. Tony Stark was the kind of man who talked with his hands.
“You sap,” Tony giggled. And Steve held the burnished brass medallion in his fist and thought about how that colour was just another shade of Tony’s eyes.
Bucky and Nat nodded and in seconds, Nat was climbing up the wall to effect a roof top entry. A slim line uncoiled and Steve went up next. By the time Bucky got to the roof, Steve was already in the basement and had taken down two militiamen. They didn’t know what hit them. They were guarding the communication room when Steve saw them and before they could reach for the guns in their holsters, he had thrown a couple of knives at the them. In two silent leaps he reached the bodies and caught them before they could thud on to the floor. He listened at the door. There was a muffled conversation and laughter inside the room—two men. Steve knocked on the door.
Steve pulled out the map from his inner pocket, and the compass Tony had made for him. Out of habit, he closed his eyes and tried to reach out to Tony though his soulbond. Silence. Steve shivered harder. His breathing was erratic and his heartbeat was out of control. Tony was alright. He was unconscious, he told himself. It was better that way. Otherwise he would do something foolhardy like come back to this wretched place. Tony was not dead or dying. That was not possible. How can someone so alive, die? Yes, Tony was probably unconscious. Still.
Steve looked from Bucky to Clint. They both looked afraid. Nat disappeared all the time, they were used to it.
“Glad to be of service Mr Stark. May I say that you are looking very well today,” Jarvis said as he settled down in his own chair and began to pour for himself.
“Yeah, you keep saying that. You forget that I have an access VIP pass into your head. I have been watching your memories ever since…” Tony pointed vaguely to his wrist.
“I had a breakthrough last night,” Tony said, stealing the top pancake from Steve’s plate and stuffing his face.
“Guns for Hydra militia.” Gnat drawled with a smile that said she saw what he was doing and she could do one better.
Bucky had brought him more and more information about all Tony Stark did for the community. The soup kitchens, the free clinics and his legitimate businesses that almost single-handedly propped up the economy of three different districts. Why had they not done this research before, he had yelled.
By the time he was back on deck the schloss was a series of booming explosions and the multiple fires below were bright enough to light up the Iron Man.
Peter allowed him to steer clear of the Jeremy topic for the rest of the phone call, only bringing it up at the end to make Tony promise to send some check in texts throughout the night.
“Hi, my name is Tony, how may I help you today?” He’d recited with a smile, pen at the ready as Steve looked up at him.
"He might have seen what he shouldn't have done, but what really got through to him was seeing what happened to his future. He knew his past was shitty, but realizing that his future was even shittier made him want to change it. You have to look ahead to the future to know what you want to do now."
“Biology isn’t my best subject,” Tony’d said on the first day, “but I’m still probably better at it than any of you, so don’t worry about it.”
Tony woke up slowly, stretching his legs out, and then his back, before letting his eyes open. Someone had pulled the black out curtains up so that red tinted light came through the decorative ones. There was only one person in this house that would do that and it wasn't Tony.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, doing the same with his winter attire and patting his jeans pocket to double check his keys were there. He reached over to grab Steve’s hand before they pushed open the double doors and the pleasantly cool ice rink air gave way to Malibu’s heavy heat. Steve, who was very much used to New York’s below freezing temperatures, had particularly complained on the way over, regretting his choice of bringing jeans instead of shorts. Even now Tony could see the slight scowl on his face as they made their way down the sidewalk.
That’s why Tony knew Steve’s baser instincts were screaming at him to continue out the door, back into the life he already remade for himself, because he’s already been down this road, and it didn’t work out for him. Except, he still left his bed and his home and his common sense in the middle of the night because Tony had needed him.
Suddenly, the car door on the van that was parked in front of the lab opened. Tony hadn’t given it much thought because it looked just like the white maintenance vans that were always parked along campus, but now that he looked closer he realized there was no campus logo painted on the side. It was just a van.
Steve was stubborn. Always had been, and probably always would be. Steve stuck to his decisions like he’d carved them in stone because he was so careful in making them. That’s why Tony knew after all these years that Steve still used the same body wash; why he knew Steve still drank a cup of green tea every morning but hasn’t touched a cup of coffee since he was nineteen. That’s why Tony knew Steve never would have left unless Tony had shown him the way out by way of a stack of legal papers telling him how.
“I don’t know. A lot. Whatever fits on there really.” Tony replied, studying Steve’s face as Steve studied the pictures laid out on the bed.
With one last smile, Tony went to grab the coffee pot, throwing another glance behind him. Steve’s broad shoulders were lined with tension under the green shades of his uniform, his chin dipping close to his chest and both hands flat on the table in front of him, like he was trying to hold something down.
The blood drains from Tony's face. He stands so still he might be an empty shell of armor. But Steve is close enough now to see the pulse beating wildly at his throat.
With Tony still in Seattle, it's up to the Tower AI to let him into the armory. Even without Tony being here, he has no doubts that he will be granted access – a privilege few can claim – and as he expects, the doors unlock and he is allowed inside.
While he's waiting for the mugs to dry, he puts together a new set of shelves to go beside the fridge. The directions are deliberately confusing and he winds up with three extra screws, which seems a little weird, but at least the shelves are aligned properly. They stand three rows high, nearly the same height as the fridge itself, which is exactly what he was aiming for.
Steve stopped him with a kiss that pushed him back into the pillows. “Enough,” he said. He leaned over Tony. “Don’t you know I’d go with you anywhere? You never have to ask.”
He knows he shouldn't speak, shouldn't follow the plan, but he can't help it. "It happened just the way you said it would," Steve says. "In the heat of the moment. One of us thinking the other was hurt." He musters a sound that can pass for laughter. "Of course, I actually
The girl's mom helps her get on Steve's lap. As she does, Steve glances up, over her head, and catches Tony's eye. He smiles.
It was nearly dawn when he arrived at the Tower. After a brief exchange with the AI that ran the building, Tony landed on the roof and let himself in. Just as he had wanted, no alarms went off, no alerts were broadcast, and no one was informed of his arrival. He was alone, the way he had been all week.
The party goes on. Steve moves with the flow, avoids the mistletoe, and shares a secret smile with Tony at every chance he gets. He's eager to be alone with Tony again and he doesn't particularly want to stay here too late, but he also doesn't really mind the wait.
“That doesn’t make me feel much better,” Steve chastised, pushing a hand through Tony’s hair to get it out of his eyes. “You should take better care of yourself.”
Tony’s options were steadily dwindling, and he wondered if he would have to stay in the lab all night. And then what? Would Jeremy still be bold enough to follow him in the daylight? He had earlier, and it was obvious he was getting more violent by the second.
Steve had taken a seat at the island in the middle of the kitchen, idly twisting an old glass half filled with water in his hands while the coffee maker bubbled away. Tony’s apartment was fairly impressive, especially for the middle of Manhattan, but of course everything looked smaller next to Steve’s mass.
Tony bit back a hysterical giggle, because of course this is how they see each other again after three years of no contact, six years after a divorce that almost killed them both, seconds after Tony had almost gotten who-knows-what by some lonely creep.
“I really love him,” Steve whispered to Bucky, unable to hold the words in anymore. They bubbled out of him in a violent splatter of red, red everywhere and it wouldn’t stop. “I love
Tony cupped Steve’s cheek with one hand, scratching lightly at his jaw. “Come on, get in here. Are you hungry? I have some leftovers I can heat up.” He pulled Steve fully into his room and shut the door behind him, blocking the chill of the night.
“What do you think the future’s gonna be like, Buck?” Steve murmured, still looking down at the picture.
"I'll bring them to you," Steve promised, leaning down to kiss his forehead before heading out of the room.
“I love you too, Sweetie. I’ll call you tomorrow.” Tony ended the call just as Steve stopped in front of his building, and he fiddled with his phone for a second to think about the best way to extract himself from the situation with his dignity intact.
“Tony, whatever the fuck went down between us does not justify anything that creep was about to do. You’re still a-a person. Hell, you’re the father of my son. Please don’t be surprised that I came.” Steve said, eyes flickering over just once before turning back to glare at the road.
“You gave up your Christmas at home to be with me. I just want to make sure we’re doing things you want to do,” Tony finally let out, letting his shoulders slump slightly in defeat of his confession.
He glanced up at Steve’s face, still set peacefully in sleep, and any other sounds Tony might have made were immediately taken away along with his breath. Steve was beautiful. The dying firelight cast shadows over the perfect curves and angles in his face, his dark eyelashes spread delicately on top of his cheekbones, mouth soft and just barely parted. The usual pinched look he carried around his eyes of late had been smoothed out completely over the past few days, but Tony knew it would be back as soon as he woke up and started to gather his luggage. It wouldn’t be hard, since Steve usually packed pretty light. Tony had told him he shouldn’t have even bothered with the unnecessary things like clothes, just grabbed a carton Sam’s mom’s homemade cookies and nothing else, but Steve had just rolled his eyes in response. He had always been planful like that.
“I see you laughing at me,” Steve told him, narrowing his eyes up at him as he tucked the edge of the golden garland into the bottom of the tree.
Tony rolled his eyes, but picked up the shapes Steve had already cut out and put them on the pan. Once it was full, he grabbed the pan with one hand and opened the oven with the other, but before he could place the pan in the oven he was startled by Steve’s sudden shout of panic.
Tony took a deep breath and finally braved a glance at the clock. Four in the morning. Later than he thought. Steve had to be out the door in forty-five minutes. Tony let the breath back out, and if it was a little shaky on the exhale, only he was awake enough to hear.
“Okay, okay. Message received, Captain. Do not engage with 400 degree pan without protection, got it,” Tony reassured, moving his hands to the side of Steve’s face in the hopes of getting him to breath normally again. Steve let out a long breath and closed his eyes for a brief moment, probably wondering what he did to end up in a kitchen in Malibu explaining to a 23 year old man why he shouldn't pick up a hot pan with his bare hands, but eventually his blue eyes opened again.
“I don’t know, I guess they were your friends, so their gift should have…I don’t know, gone to you.”
When they got to his door, Tony hesitated, key in the lock. “Are you…” He started, turning towards Steve, “Do you want to come in? I mean, I know you’re not far, but the least I could do is give you a cup of coffee, if you wanted. I mean, unless you just wanted to go to bed, which is – fair.”
“Oops,” Tony grinned back, popping one half of the reindeer in his mouth. “On the bright side, they taste amazing!” Steve’s bottom lip still jutted out pathetically. Tony rolled his eyes and rounded the table to sidle up next to him, holding out the other half of the cookie. “Here, try it.”
“I don’t know, Babe, you’re the artist. You figure it out,” Tony winked teasingly at Steve’s lighthearted glare before moving to retrieve the tools he needed. Before he got too far, Steve caught him gently around the waist, bringing him into a light, sweet kiss.
The Barnes’ had some pictures of Steve. They’d given out a nice one of him in his uniform, and Tony had kept that one, but he liked the ones where it was just Steve instead. There were only a few pinned up, pictures were so rare, but there was one where Steve was in the sun. Tony could imagine how the light bounced off the golden strands of his hair, like it had that day at the pier. Tony studied the sparkle he could see even though his blue eyes were dulled into gray by the photo. He was smiling. Tony stared at that picture for a long time. Mrs. Barnes asked if he’d like to keep it since they had a copy as well.
“You’re welcome.” Steve replied. There was a beat of silence, and Tony was just about to reach for the door when –
"Well, that's because some supernatural being came and showed it to him," Steve's mouth twisted in the way that meant he was digging his heels into an argument. Tony loved seeing that face, barring actual arguments in their relationships, but for little things like this it always meant Tony was going to have some fun. "Realistically, Scrooge had to learn more from seeing how his past mistakes affected other people."
He didn’t pull back right away. He let Steve hold him even as he sobs turned to hiccups because God Steve still smelled the same. Teakwood. The soap Steve had used since before Tony had even known him, and Tony knew more than anyone how stubborn Steve was to change. A hint of the fabric softener he used, meaning he’d been in bed for a while when Peter called.
Tony told him about being lonely, about his father’s high expectations and his mother’s absent gaze. He told him about how Jarvis had taught him to hide his Elvis posters in a box so his dad wouldn't see.
“I can’t believe you got me to admit that,” Tony said, going for an exasperated tone but falling short somewhere around immense relief and adoration.
Come on, communication, Tony thought to himself. Thoughts and emotions, verbalize them like a functioning adult.
There was a moment of silence, then Jeremy spoke, his voice losing the ever present cheery tone he had carried, “That’s not what you were saying earlier.”
“Wait,” he burst out, hopping up and rushing to the front hall, making Steve freeze with his hand on the door handle. Steve turned to look at him, several different emotions warring on his usually stoic face. Hurt, anger, sadness. Hope.
Tony sighed at the empty bed again, eyeing Steve's copy of Dickens suspiciously. While it was mostly to rile Steve up, he stood by what he said. Sure, Tony had a shitty childhood, something he'd never like to rehash with any being, supernatural or no, again, but he'd done the therapy thing. Went through the trauma and daddy issues he had piled on his plate. But what made him want to be a better man was the worry of how he'd fuck his future with all that baggage.
“If it’ll make you feel better.” Tony muttered stubbornly, but Steve let him have this one, merely locking his car and walking beside Tony as they climbed the stairs into the lobby of his building. They took the elevator up, so no risk of stair-related injuries for Tony. They passed by a few people, because it was still New York even if it had cleared two in the morning already, and Steve sauntered behind him in the narrow hallway with all the subtly of a great white shark circling its prey. He shoved his hands in his pockets and let his elbows hang loosely at his sides, which pushed his chest out a bit and widened the breadth of his shoulders and made all the passersby twist to avoid them. Tony would have ducked away in embarrassment if he wasn’t so damn grateful for it.
"Noo, wait, I take it back. You're right, past all the way, stay and cuddle," Tony whined pathetically, pulling on Steve's sweatshirt as he rolled the other way. Steve was much stronger than him though and got his feet on the floor. He stretched his arms up behind his head, showing a tantalizing strip of back muscle under his sweatshirt.
He learned that Steve spent his senior year in an orphanage, after his mother died. His mother had died slowly, right before Steve’s eyes. He said he barely even got to see her at the end, because she’d always been so fearful he’d catch something after he’d been so sickly as a child.
Tony nuzzled a little closer to the hollow of Steve’s throat, finally turning his face away from the dying fire, closing his eyes and breathing in the familiar scent of Steve. Steve, still sleeping, responded by tightening his arm around Tony’s back that was cradling him to his chest. Tony squeezed his eyes tight against the sudden burn there. He knew Steve’s alarm would go off in another hour or so, and that meant he’d have to leave to catch his early flight back to New York. And Tony would have to stay here, in Malibu. It was a cruel ending to the brief yet wonderful holiday Steve had managed to get from his work. They’d both spent the past few days more or less in a self-imposed exile in Tony’s house, oscillating between this chair, the kitchen, the bedroom, and, on one memorable night, the rooftop that was most definitely not made for sitting. Tony managed to catch the chuckle that wanted to escape at the memory before it left his lips so that it only came out as a breathy huff and small jerk of his shoulders.
“Never, Darling,” Tony protested, reaching down to loosely pull Steve up by his sweater. “Merely smiling because you look gorgeous when you’re happy.”
“Hey,” Steve cut him off, “What did I literally just say? I’m perfectly happy doing anything with you. Whether it’s here, or in New York, or freaking China for all I care. If you’re there, I’ll be happy.”
“That’s probably a good idea, yeah.” Tony replied around the lump in his throat and pulled his phone out.
Steve sighed again, wrapping his arms around Tony’s middle and squeezing back gently. “I know,” he cooed. “I don’t want to leave, but I have to.”
“Only the best for you,” Tony replied, his breathlessness taking away from the flirty tone he was going for. “Merry Christmas, Steve.”
“It’s not supposed to be,” Steve frowned over at him. They both slowed to a stop as they reached Tony’s car, but instead of heading over to the passenger side, he pulled both of Tony’s hands into his and faced him fully.
“Literally how?” Steve replied, his voice caught between his usual calm deadpan and an uncharacteristic panic.
Steve squeezed his hand and smiled over the center council at him once they had gotten in the car. Tony smiled back, banishing all those thoughts from his mind, burying the doom counter in the corner of his brain where it hopefully wouldn’t rear it’s ugly head any time soon, and drove home to spend Christmas with Steve.
Tony cleared his throat and finished getting the coffee maker ready. “I’m going to go…use the bathroom real quick. Um, feel free to sit down wherever. Glasses are above the stove if you wanted some water. Um…” He trailed off, jerking his thumb in the direction of the bathroom, and then tried to walk as quickly as he could without fleeing, leaving Steve standing there looking a little awkward.
“I’m not some variable in your lab, Tony, I’m a functioning adult. I can verbalize my own thoughts and emotions, and we can sit down and have a mature conversation about them.”
"Of the ghosts, which was your favorite story? I'm only half way through Christmas Past right now, but the story's fascinating."
“I didn’t make you redo the shower, I just made you finish it after you started.” Tony snorted. “But yeah, I stand corrected. And you wondered why Peter got detention for swearing the next week.”
“About a half hour ago,” Steve continued quietly, “He just said that you were at work, but some guy was harassing you, and he had a bad feeling about it. Wanted me to check on you. Kid always did have good instincts.”
“I’m fine, Steve. Really. I’ll be better after some sleep, but like I said. Nothing happened.” Tony responded, eyes trained on his lap.
Tony didn’t fight the grin that came, just kept it gentle enough that Steve couldn’t take it as being laughed at. “You know, Clint makes a mean apple pie,” Tony suggested. “Our cook,” He then clarified at Steve’s confused look. “Don’t think he’s touched a measuring cup in his life, but somehow he pulls everything together okay. If you were stuck,” He added, still smiling in hopes of putting Steve’s obviously jittered nerves at ease.
“I’m great! How about you? Have fun in downtown?” Jeremy asked, bumping a light finger against Tony’s bicep. Jeremy was only an inch or so taller than Tony, but he had his chin tilted down, so it almost looked like he was staring up at Tony’s face. His eyes were a soft green and framed by thick, dark lashes that matched the brown hair that fell artfully into his eyes. He was attractive, there was no doubt. Probably upper thirties, aged well.
“I don’t know,” Steve sighed again. “I just -- I think I miss you a lot is all. It’s awful cold in New York.”
“That you’re fine.” Steve hummed, rubbing his thumb against a scuff on the glass in front of him. “At least, that’s what Peter says every time I ask.”
He knew in the future he wanted to marry that man. He wanted to have Steve forever and then some. And he wanted to do everything in his power to make sure that happened.
They’d drawn the curtains in an attempt to make it seem more like Christmas and less like summer outside for Steve, which also meant Tony couldn’t stare desperately out the window for signs of a flurry. He huffed again, turning back into the warm chest he was on and tightening his fingers in Steve’s sweatshirt. The chest in question took another, deeper breath, signaling to Tony his brooding might have disturbed Steve.
“Sure, Darling, I’m sure they are.” Tony could watch Jeremy nodding from the window, an overexaggerated movement Jeremy probably wanted him to catch in the dim light.
“You know you’re not actually part robot, right? You can’t just — go around picking up 400 degree pans or, I don’t know, trying to fly off buildings or whatever it is you’re going to do next,” Steve scolded. “I don’t care that you didn’t burn this time,
Tony had shrugged, all five feet six inches of him not even flinching under the teachers hostile glare. “Sometimes you’ve gotta run before you can walk, Dr. Richards.”
“I didn’t threaten, I—“ Steve let out a harsh sigh, “I didn’t want to be the reason you gave up the opportunity to do what you always wanted to. I didn’t want to hold you back.”
“Yeah you did,” Steve replied reasonably. “I think the decision tore you apart more than actually being away does.”
Steve had asked for a picture. Tony hesitated, then sent him a picture he’d taken with Pepper recently. Just in case.
With a yawn, Tony rolled over to face the culprit that was always trying to get Tony on a normal sleep schedule, finding him propped up in bed by a couple pillows, legs still hidden by the blankets, hair ruffled, and in an old gray sweatshirt, altogether radiating softness and sleep. His head was tilted down to look at a book he was cradling on his lap, an old, tattered looking dark green book with no book jacket on it, so Tony couldn't guess what it was.
“You don’t,” Tony argued, head still buried in Steve’s neck. “Just quit your job, and school, and never go back to New York. Unless I go too. Because I do like New York, just not when it’s cold, or snowy, or rainy, or when you’re there without me.”
Tony responded by immediately flopping fully on top of Steve, burying his head in the crook of his neck, bringing both his arms up to wrap around his neck, and curling his knees so they rested more fully on Steve’s lap. “No,” Tony stated firmly, voice muffled.
“You should probably call him. Peter, I mean. Let him know you’re alright.” Steve told him after a few moments of silence, his voice much more controlled.
“Good morning everyone,” The voice was echoey in the bathroom. “There will be an assembly next Tuesday…”
Before Peter could reply, a beeping sounded in Tony’s ear, signaling that someone else was trying to call. Tony pulled the phone away for a second but ignored the call when he saw an unknown number.
“The cookies!” Steve gasped as a timer rang from the kitchen, and then Tony was suddenly standing alone as Steve made a mad dash towards the kitchen to presumably retrieve the sugar cookies he had put in earlier.
There was only one time Tony must have gotten some part of an equation very, very wrong, and a green goop bubbled over the edge of the bowl onto the table, and the chairs, and the ground. It smelled awful, and the room had to be evacuated.
“Tony!” Jeremy’s smarmy voice came from the other end. “Are you finally off work? Most of the shops might be closed, but we can totally come back to my place for – “
“I think you’ve sworn more this one night than you did the ten years we were married.” Tony commented lightly.
Steve thought desperately, despairing at whatever higher power was dangling Tony in front of his face for this one afternoon before he’d be cruelly ripped from his grasp in just a couple short hours.
Steve didn’t look up even as Tony sat on the stool across from him. “Nat and Bucky got us these glasses at our wedding.” He said instead.
Tony licked at the ice cream cone Steve bought him. It was melting fast in the hot July air, but at least the water provided some coolness to the breeze as he sat at a table beside it with Steve next to him.
“Yeah, I bet,” Tony agreed quietly, his heart hurting. “I miss you too. A lot. I didn’t think it would be this hard to be so far away from you.”
“Well you were too busy scolding me for talking about how much I love you — now, hush, Sweetheart I’m trying to talk to someone,” Steve said, hooking an arm around his waist to pull him back and out of his way. Tony huffed, crossing his arms as the worker brought over the two drinks, forcing Steve to let him go so he could grab both.
“How about now, Darling?” Jeremy asked into the phone, and Tony could see him now, leaning against the passenger door of the van. Suddenly, the back door slid open partly, just enough for Tony to count two other pairs of legs in the back seat.
Everyone was so numb to it. In school no one even reacted when the announcement came on any more. Tony had watched the teacher pick at her nails while all the names were read, so he’d gone to the bathroom, sat in a stall alone and listened to the bored voice of the office secretary.
Tony shimmied forward until he was close enough to bury his face in the side of Steve's thigh, doing his best to curl around him without knocking his book. A second later he felt a hand scratch through his hair and let out a hum. "Too early," Tony muttered into the blankets covering Steve's legs. "Put the sun away."
Tony grumbled to himself for a second before landing solidly on avoidance, and grabbed Steve’s wrist to pull him the other way. “Here, the lights are in the closet. All the way to the right on the top,”
Tony threw himself forward, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and all but leaping into his embrace. Steve laughed as he returned the hug just as enthusiastically.
“Seriously?” Tony said out loud to nobody, apparently, since Steve was busy bustling around in the kitchen. When Tony walked through the threshold he saw Steve carefully placing the cookies on a cooling rack, trying his best to keep their shape.
“—but is that really someone you thought you could bring around Peter? I mean, he’s a part of your life too – “
“I said third door on the left, not second,” Tony protested, quickly running over to slam the door shut and pray that Steve hadn’t seen what was inside. He knew the second he looked at Steve’s face that he hadn’t been fast enough, though. Steve’s eyes were wide, his lips parted slightly in surprise, and his face lit up in a soft expression of love.
“No, I know that Steve, I’m glad you did, I just – you didn’t have to. But you did.” Tony repeated, trying to figure out how to explain the jumbled mess that was his heart right now. The last time Steve and Tony had had a conversation, a real conversation beyond polite greetings, both their lawyers were present. And yet, when Tony was in trouble in the middle of the night, Steve still came to help.
“Okay, it’s just that you’re usually asleep by nine with all the other grandparents in the world. Did you call for a lecture on healthy sleeping habits? I have at least two of yours memorized.”
“I don’t really know how it’ll turn out, so don’t get your hopes up,” Tony tried to deflect, but shut himself up at Steve’s unimpressed look.
“Do you know where you’re headed off to? Before, you know...” Tony asked quietly, eyes alternating between studying the ground shyly and scanning over Steve’s face.
“Oh, come on, Tony. It was obvious you were all over me at the hotel. You wanted me to come down here an ask you out.”
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, then he became aware of the warmth under his hand and quickly snatched it back from where he had seemed to accidentally rest it on top of Steve’s on the table. He blushed, quickly darting a look around to make sure no one saw. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve doing the same, a similar blush much more obvious on his paler cheeks.
The thought of Peter snapped Tony back to reality, and he finally pulled away. Steve stayed leaned over the center counsel, though, so even after Tony sat back in his seat, there was only half a foot of space between them.
“It wasn’t…It wasn’t that bad,” Tony replied, leading the way to his kitchen. Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Well, at least it wasn’t when you made it.” This made Steve jerk his head up a bit to look at him, confusion written all over his face.
“You can’t run into a room shooting and not expect to get shot at right back,” Bucky used to tell him, flicking his temple in reprimand. At least Steve had gotten his growth spurt, or else Bucky’d still be dragging his scrawny ass away from fights twice his size, picking him up by his shirt collar while he’d spit dirt and blood at the ground and try to get one more bony elbow in for good measure.
Steve pulled away completely, putting the last cookie on the cooling rack before grabbing the rolling pin to roll out a bit more dough for the cookies.
“Well, clearly I did, since that could have been something really bad, Tony.” Steve snapped, some tension leaking into his voice. Tony saw his knuckles turn white on the steering wheel.
It wasn’t signed, but Tony didn’t have to be a genius (which he was) to know who it was from. Tony tried to swallow but found his mouth suddenly dry as he tried to figure out how the hell Jeremy had gotten his phone number. He blamed the panic for how long it took him to remember that he’d had to leave his number to make the hotel reservation. And now he knew where Tony worked.
Two, it had officially been not-Christmas for four hours now. Tony wondered if that was too late for a Christmas miracle, and Steve’s flight wouldn’t magically be delayed by snow. Tony knows it’s a tall order to wish for a snowstorm in California, but if there’s any merit to this Christmas magic Steve’s talked about all month, let it show itself now, Tony begs silently to the big, jolly deity people worship for Christmas.
Steve let out a loud, booming laugh at that, and it took all Tony had to keep a straight face, rather than let him expression crumple into that of a lovestruck puppy that he knows he usually has when he looks at Steve.
“Har har,” Tony could feel Steve’s eye roll through the phone, and the familiar tone made him smile. He put his head back down on his pillow, keeping the phone held up to his other ear, and let Steve’s familiar voice wash over him. He had talked to him that morning - or, yesterday morning rather - but it always felt like an eternity between calls when he wasn’t able to physically hold him. “Can’t I just call my boyfriend because I missed him?”
“What is it? He was a bit touchy, but he seems charming enough to pull it off. Is it the distance? Obviously he’s fine with driving out, since he drove all the way there – “
He shook his head, getting rid of the melancholy thoughts, and hurried out the door, now fully clothed, back to Steve. Steve was standing by the front door facing away from Tony, his duffle and backpack set down beside him, and his phone pressed to his ear. Tony slid up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressed his cheek between his shoulder blades.
“What? Steve the cookies—“ Tony was cut off as Steve let the pan clatter on the counter and grab at Tony’s hand.
“No, nothing happened. You probably got here before anything could. How…how did you get here, by the way? I mean, not how, obviously, you have your car, but I guess I mean how did you know, or why? Do you normally drive through here at one in the morning? Not that I can judge, or complain, I guess, since you literally just saved my ass, and I – “ Steve had started to gently usher him towards his car, and Tony cut off as Steve opened the passenger door for him. “Is this okay?”
“Even before that, Tony, asking me how I felt or what I wanted was your last resort. You always just guessed, watched what went wrong, and guessed again.” Steve argued, slamming the glass back on the table.
“Where’d you even meet this guy, anyway?” Steve burst out a bit vehemently, that unending judgement woven into his words just like Tony remembered.
“Hi, could we have two large hot chocolates? Thank you so much,” Steve said over Tony’s head, then his arm lifted as he presumably handed over some cash to the worker.
“I didn’t actually leave, Tony, I don’t think I deserve the same homecoming I had when I first got here,” Steve told him, but Tony could hear the smile and excitement in his voice.
“I…” Tony hesitated. “I don’t know.” Steve scoffed. Tony wracked his brain, trying to force his emotions out his mouth. “You wouldn’t have come in for coffee if you didn’t want me to want you to stay.”
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony rolled his eyes, pushing lightly at Steve’s chest. “I’ve done more on less sleep than this.”
Jeremy didn’t stay to ask him about it though. As soon as Steve emerged from behind his car, Jeremy scrambled back inside the passenger seat of the van, which promptly took off down the street.
Steve stuck his tongue out at him, then let his head fall in the direction of the clock. “I should get up,” he sighed.
“Could we, Steve? Everything was always so black and white with you. If I wasn’t on your side, I was wrong, and nothing I could say ever seemed to change your mind.” Tony shot back.
“What do you and Peter think’s going to happen between here and my door? That I might trip up the stairs and fall on – “ He cut off at the sound of something large and metal slamming in a nearby ally, making him jump half a foot in the air and whirl towards the noise. He couldn’t see anything in the darkness, and it was probably just some stray animal, but that didn’t stop his heart from taking up that pounding again.
He decided to chance it anyway, and went to stand by the front doors to the lab so he could watch when the officer finally pulled up. The doors were made of glass, so he could see out into the night; with a jolt of relief, he noticed he couldn’t see any sign of Jeremy anywhere.
"Never enough of you," Tony tried to reply smoothly, but a yawn took a little bit of the message away from his words.
Mrs. Barnes smiled gently at him. “I remember Rebecca telling me, too. Printed in the local paper, as well.”
Tony didn’t know what he planned to say at this point. He never thought he’d get this far with Steve again, honestly.
He ignores the next few texts and calls that come in, but that doesn’t stop the mounting dread building inside of him. He’d told Peter he’d call Campus Safety mostly to make him feel better, but he really was thinking about it at this point. Tony wasn’t a small guy (he was average height for American men, thank you very much), and he knew some basic self-defense moves from marrying an ex-Army captain, but he had no idea what this Jeremy guy had up his sleeve. The only problem with Campus Safety is they would only take him to the edge of campus. He checked his watch; if he called now, he might get an officer in about 45 minutes, and it was already past one in the morning.
Tony could feel the hand holding his phone tremble, and he didn’t even know if he had the brainpower to come up with a response, when out of nowhere another car pulled up, swerving off the road and parking behind Jeremy’s van with a squeal.
A hand rubbed up Tony’s back as he watched Steve’s eyes blink open slowly, taking in the darkness and the last embers in the fireplace before looking down and locking on Tony.
“Just pulling onto my street now. Say hi, Pops,” Tony pulled the phone away and faced it towards Steve.
“I don’t know, really. I have to go now, though, or I’ll be late, bye.” Tony rushed out, stepping around him again and walking as quickly as he could the rest of the way to the lab. He didn’t look back or check to see what Jeremy was doing until he turned the corner to the lab entrance and peeked out of the corner of his eye. Jeremy stood where Tony had left him, hands casually in his pockets and swaying back and forth slightly as if he were just waiting for the bus or something.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve replied quietly, pressing a light kiss to his nose. “It won’t be like this forever.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed noncommittally, worry eating away at him again. “Did you want to go to the beach? We could probably still make a day of it if we were quick.”
Tony didn’t know if he was relieved or annoyed when his phone went off and both him and Steve looked down at the screen to see Pepper’s message. It was a picture of her and Happy sharing a margarita in the sand, presumably just near the water, where Tony knew Pepper’s favorite beach spot was. The attached caption read, “why r u and steve not here acutly enjoying your day off??”
It wasn’t until Steve had gotten in and started driving that he spoke again, eerily calm for the situation. “Peter called me.”
Tony didn’t know what the right answer was to that, so he stayed silent, staring down at the table in front of him. He heard Steve sigh and get up. “Maybe I should go.”
“You’d never hold me back Steve—“ Tony started to groan in annoyance, rolling onto his back and throwing an arm over his face. “Why are we rehashing this again?” His voice came out a little muffled from his sweater.
“I would rather die than let anything happen to Peter because of me.” Tony nearly whispered, an intensity welling up in himself that almost scared him. “You think that I – that that was something I wanted? He was a clerk at the hotel Peter and I stayed at last week and that’s it. He was – he…I barely knew him, I didn’t say two words to him. I don’t know how he knew where I worked or where I lived or my Goddamn phone number, I –” A sob cut him off and it took him a second to realize it had come from him.
He is not, therefore, surprised when Tony pulls away. He catches a quick sight of the vivid blue of Tony's eyes and the moisture on Tony's reddened lips, then Tony averts his face.
The bedroom he and Steve shared was several floors down. Leaving the suit behind, Tony took the elevator down. He would stop in the bathroom to freshen up first, he decided, maybe brush his teeth and comb his hair. His tuxedo shirt was wrinkled and the bowtie lost in the hotel room in Vegas, but he could still make himself look presentable. Steve deserved that much.
For an instant Tony gives him that look again, like he can't figure out what's happening, like he's suddenly all nervous. Steve doesn’t like seeing that, but again there's nothing he can do about it, so he just forges ahead. "It shouldn't take too long."
And predictably, Steve had bristled. “Is that you what you think? That I’d just sit around, ‘waiting on you?’”
All through the still hours of the night, the same thoughts chase through his head. He's in love with Tony Stark. He has to tell Tony, but how? And what does Tony feel in return about him? Is there even a chance that they can make something together?
"And I would never do anything to jeopardize that," Steve says. He can feel the heat on his cheeks. He knows he’s making a complete mess of this. "I hope you know that."
The line of kids waiting to see Santa extends for approximately four miles. Or so it seems to Steve, sitting there on his Santa-styled throne. All he knows is that it's long. Really long. Kids and their parents or older siblings stand around waiting with varying degrees of patience. Some of them are sucking on candy canes. Others stare wide-eyed at Thor in his sparkly Santa hat or the various empty Iron Man suits standing around dressed like snowmen. Jan flits along the line, a tiny little elf making kids smile, while Tony waits at the head of the line, last one to talk to the kids before they venture up to the chair where Santa Cap sits.
It seems to take forever. He can't see anything for the dazzle-white glare covering his sight. He can't see the broken building at his back, and the crumpled rebar.
He would like to fall down. He really would. But he can't move. There's too much pain; it's in the way. Whether he likes it or not, he isn't going anywhere.
Tony glances around the armory, like he's searching for an excuse to say no, for some important work that he can claim he can't pull himself away from. But then he turns back to Steve with a smile. "Sure," he says. "What's up, Cap?"
believe he means it, that Steve will turn away, forever slamming shut the door on any chance they might have.
Santa Cap at the VA is a big hit. The kids love him, and so do the veterans, some of whom are old enough to legitimately play Santa without having to resort to a fake beard. Though he let the press know about it, only three TV stations show up to interview him. To all of them he says the same thing. "I was inspired by Tony Stark, and our most recent Avengers charity event."
"And I know you think I'm not supposed to love you back," he says. "Because how could I? You're not good enough for me. Is that right?"
"So," Steve says. "What you said." Bringing the conversation back where it belongs. "You're going to tell me now you didn't mean it."
Steve stares at him. There is enough space between them that it would take more than one stride to cover it. Far enough that Tony would be able to get away, should he spring. Far enough that there is no crossing it. "So you love me and I love you, but we do nothing about it?"
He stands up and turns to look down at Tony. From here he can see the way Tony sits rigidly straight, his head up. "I do know you," he says. He has the sudden but thankfully brief urge to lean in and rest his hand on Tony's shoulder. But that would be too patronizing, and anyway he doesn't think he can touch Tony right now. Not if he hopes to maintain his composure.
Steve volunteered as soon as he found out about the event. Yes, he said, he would absolutely be there to give the kids of the city a Christmas experience they would never forget. He would be more than happy to do it.
It snows the 20th, the last Thursday before Christmas. Steve has never quite lost his love for snow, even though he doesn't have terribly fond memories of it as a child. But there's just something magical about a snowfall,. Especially at night, watching it by the city lights, turning the bustle and chaos into something that could almost be called peaceful.
It keeps him up that night, lying in bed staring up at the ceiling long past midnight. He had hoped for the chance to talk to Tony after they got back to the mansion, but Tony had disappeared, and no one had seemed to know where he went. Rhodey had just shrugged and said he thought Tony had a meeting, but he wasn't sure. Disappointed, but also oddly relieved, Steve had accepted that and tried to go on about his day.
It's another cold day, though the skies are clear, with no snow forecast. There won't be a white Christmas in New York this year. Steve doesn't mind. He's just glad to be alive.
Tony looks like he can't decide if he should laugh or cry. "You idiot," he sobs, "of course I love you."
Steve stares at him, at those blue eyes he's seen at his side for so long. Sometimes frank and open, sometimes behind a crimson mask. It struck him after the Avengers first learned that Iron Man was Tony Stark that they always should have known the man and the armor were one and the same. No one else had eyes like that.
It staggers Steve's mind to realize how deeply Tony hates himself. How determined he is to deny himself anything he thinks he doesn't deserve. But that's not something he can put in words, not when he's still adjusting to the idea that he gets to love Tony at all.
Five minutes ago he couldn't have answered that question himself. But five minutes ago he hadn't realized he was in love with Tony Stark.
Thor and Jane move on. Hank McCoy touches Tony's arm and gestures to the kitchen, where enough food is laid out that even the Hulk wouldn't have cause to complain. Tony shakes his head, and Hank leaves alone.
He gives Tony another kiss, this one short but sweet. He lets go and steps back. "Merry Christmas, Tony."
Tony smiles back, bright and open, the kind of smile that rarely graces his face. And Steve stares at him and thinks:
And he wonders then how Tony even got here. Did he come all this way in the armor? Or did he drag it out, take the time to fly on his private jet, a laptop on his knee the whole time?
Jarvis knows to expect him, and he greets Steve warmly; though he had plenty of visitors in the hospital, the Avengers' butler was not one of them. Still, Steve knows he was worried, and he's sincerely glad to see one of his charges is all right.
Tony leans into the kiss, his grip on Steve's arms insistent. The weight and warmth of his body is a pleasant surprise, something Steve could only imagine before this.
For Tony, past expos had always been a chance for Stark Industries to unveil its latest weaponry, brightest new gadget, biggest surprise. He had loved it, dressing up in a tux every day, walking through the conference hall like a lord surveying the manor -- when he wasn’t standing at a podium in one of the smaller halls giving a speech that was always well-attended even though he himself rarely remembered a word of it afterward.
There is an immediate press toward the large living room. Steve stands aside, letting other guests go ahead of him. Across from him, Tony does the same.
“Maybe I did,” Tony said. He didn’t give a shit. “And maybe I just wanted to see you again.” He took another step, and then he was there, directly in front of Steve. Close enough to smell the sleep warmth of him. Close enough for every hair on his arms to stand up in a thrill of anticipation.
With some effort, Steve brings his attention back to the situation at hand. He's been fielding this question all day; the answer comes easy. But even as he says it, part of him is marveling over what just happened. Part of him is watching as Tony smiles and greets the next child in line. Part of him is remembering the way Tony smiled, how that smile seemed to be just for him.
Tony seems unperturbed. "You know what you think you feel," he says. "Trust me, Steve, if you really knew me, you wouldn't love me."
It's not bad, though. In fact, it's actually a lot of fun. Many of the city's superheroes are dressed up as elves of some sort, though Steve isn't quite sure what Clint is supposed to be. Even the ones who don't celebrate Christmas are here, for the sake of the kids; he's seen Ben Grimm walking around with his arms looped with baskets of free candy canes.
By now the coffee mugs are all dry, so Steve stacks them on the new shelves. Though the shelves aren't very deep, they can fit a surprising number of mugs on them. He saves the top shelf, though, for little snack items like granola bars, pudding cups, and of course a bag of marshmallows for the hot chocolate.
"But how can we?" Tony pleads. He looks at Steve, the face Steve has loved almost from the moment he woke from the ice. "Tell me, Steve. How can we?"
"Yeah," Tony says. His thumb rubs the back of Steve's neck. He probably doesn't even know he's doing it.
It's hard to tell what Tony is working on today. As usual his attention seems to be split between multiple projects. One minute he's studying an electron microscope; in the next he's monitoring a 3-D printer that appears to be replicating Iron Man armor. The Tower AI surely must have told him that Steve was outside, ready to enter, but it still takes him a few minutes to look up and see Steve standing there. When he does finally realize he's not alone, he blinks rapidly, needing a few moments to center himself on this new object of fascination.
When Steve is nearly out the door, though, he stirs. "Thank you, Steve. Really." This time it sounds like he means it.
The Tower AI confirms what he's already suspected: Tony is in his armory. He thinks about asking just how long Tony's been in there, then decides against it. He doesn't want to know if Tony was working away all night.
He doesn't forget about the girl sitting on his lap, or the kids and their parents, the fake snow and the seven-foot high Christmas trees. He doesn't stop hearing the holiday music or the kids yelling. It is not a Moment. There is no bolt of lightning. But there is no mistaking what has just happened.
Pepper explains it with a somewhat harried smile; she is always busy. "There's a tech expo in Seattle he's been scheduled to attend for months."
The suit was there in a moment, unfolding itself, wrapping around him, enclosing him in the only place he had ever truly felt safe. The HUD blinked on and a second later he was in the air, arcing away from the hotel and the lights of the city.
Steve pretends he didn't hear that. Anyone without his hearing would have missed it anyway, it was so quiet.
He had smiled, pretending the question didn’t bother him. “Steve, you would be bored to death out there, trust me. And I know you’re not the type to just hang out by the hotel pool all day, working on your tan.”
“Well, what else would you do all day?” Tony had asked. Flying high above Sin City, he could still hear the words, how cheerful he had sounded, as though he thought it was all some kind of joke. All the better to keep Steve from knowing just how much it hurt him to push him away, for any reason.
Agent 13: It's something to look at. She had access. But unless she knew about you sleeping with her husband, not necessarily motive.
“My coping strategy was marrying May. She thinks that as long as I'm married to her, I will never completely move forward." Steve is starting to think she might be right. But how does he move forward? How does he do it without losing what he's already gained?
Tony: Probably and Spidey is probably available. Since he ditched his date at homecoming and managed to get her dad arrested, I don’t think he’ll be getting laid today. He might take my call. It’s 50-50 with Laura and Purple Arrow.
Tony: Actually, that would be Yo-Yo. She would love it if you did not call her every 20 minutes to check on May so she can get in a farewell day with her boyfriend before she flies back Tuesday night to LA to investigate Mister Flaming Head and maybe fuck with Pepper’s ex-boyfriend. If you’re going to have superspeed use it to punish dark souls, especially those that break my Pepper Pop’s heart.
Purple arrow: I’m sure Jeffrey will have cameras there to capture the reunion. Anything for it not to look like we’re in the middle of a crisis.
"Of course, I was mortified. Other Aunt May was dating Happy at the time of her dusting instead of Olivia, and I thought Olivia was strange. You know the guy that hates me. Also, don't even think about texting her back.” That would just be even more mortifying for reasons he’s not ready to examine just yet.
I have one chapter to upload while I’m on vacation at some point and then the vacation hibernation will really began.
“You have to get up Tony.” Steve told his boyfriend as he pressed a gentle kiss against Tony’s lips.
HSBF: Hey, I know we said that I would wait until you message me Friday but it’s technically Friday here. I just wanted to say happy Thanksgiving.
Friday: Yes. I sent this information to her so that she could help those Avengers. In exchange, she provided me with a list of everything her Avengers are doing to mitigate Thanos. They managed to remove the Mind Stone from Vision’s head in summer of 2017. It is currently being kept in an undisclosed location.
Me: Now we are going on to appetizers and drinks and Robert has decided that we’re going to be a dry table to help me stay sober.
Girl Friday: That would be because this afternoon, Laura was kidnapped from the Avenger compound by someone that sort of looks like her husband, but with crazy hair and more tattoos. We initially thought he was a shapeshifting alien, but it turns out he was Clint from another timeline from about five years in the future.
Counselor Laura from 2023: You had your reasons for leaving. Sometimes you have to take care of yourself.
Tony: I met a scientist from Wakanda 15 years ago at some conference. Although, I thought she was from Nigeria. I accidentally got her pregnant but she decided not to tell me, feeling it would be better to raise her daughter in Wakanda and away from me because I wouldn’t become halfway responsible for another five years. She died during a recent incident in Wakanda. Now that Wakanda is venturing out into the world, I was notified of my child’s existence and I don’t back down from my responsibilities.
"Yes. I just received a text message from Yo-Yo, and apparently, this is not just a social visit for the Fitzsimmons' first-anniversary party. We are having an all-hands meeting with everyone else not in Mumbai right now to sign the agreement. It's probably a readout on the earlier Asgardian encounter. Maybe Daisy made contact. Agent Scary is kind of glaring at me right now." Tony turns his communications watch around so Steve can see that May really is glaring at him.
Me: Yes. Ms. Mary J. Watson was the only one that was tolerable and passed the background check. She’s also the only sane one that’s perfectly OK with working with superheroes on a regular basis and is willing to take additional self-defense classes.
Steve: Also, while reading the files, I found out I have a half-sister in Nevada, or I did before the decimation. My father went out West and had a whole other family but never became a better man. He beat the hell out of them too. He ended up in jail. Even in the 50s, they didn't like wife beaters or people who hurt their children. So he was killed. Your dad and Peggy kept the truth out of the history books.
Tony: Yes. As I said earlier, my meetings went really late and I wasn’t quite up to driving. Thankfully, I have an apartment here and so does Yo-Yo. I put her next to Vision. For the moment anyway. I feel like he’s going to be leaving soon.
The new consultant: I think that might be partially true. You’re aware he gets jealous. The boy in the chair doesn’t even know Benji is probably a Kenzie 2 and checks your ass out in gym class regularly.
Nomad: That decision is going to blow up in his face. Actually, it might already be from what you’re saying.
I don’t feel so good with what happened Monday night. I’m the reason why [redacted] father knows that he’s like me. Everything came out after the web up. It wasn’t pretty. [redacted] cried. A lot. He also wants to know why his daddy doesn’t love him anymore. I thought that Aunt [redacted] reacted badly, but she was just worried. She never once thought that something was wrong with me or wanted me to just be normal again. She didn’t ask the Shield team to fix me, like he did. Like the powers were some disease that needed to be cured. She just wants me to be safe. But Mr. [redacted] didn’t quite see it that way. I’m going to patrol around his house until my junior counterpart moves upstate.
“If it wasn't for the sake of socialization, Peter would be in college next year, and Flash would just finish up via a GED and work with Pepper. But the boys wouldn’t like that. MJ is Ms. Jones’s problem. What did you tell him about Laurel?”
Anthony: Your glare is adorable. I would totally stop if you didn’t respond. Yet you keep doing so, even though you have to hunt and peck on that keyboard of yours. I bet you are so happy I got rid of the flip phone.
Captain Tight Pants: I don't consider being frozen only to be defrosted 70 years later as enjoying anything, let alone the Arctic.
Tony: No, but he’s planning to come to LA for Happy’s come to Jesus meeting. I’m not sure if it’s for emotional support or to yell at me.
My heart broke apart when reports of his death started making the news. They made me realize that I need Tony. I don’t want to contemplate him not being in my life. He has to be in my life. I need him. I will be in his life by whatever means he’ll let me.
Me: OK, time for another question. When did you last sing to yourself or someone else? Also I’m going to add what were you singing? Okay, these questions are ridiculous. And how do they help you find intimacy?
Peter gave me your email address. I hope that’s okay. Also, this is my personal email address. I trust you won’t give it to the tabloids.
Me: As long as the doors are locked. I still can’t make eye contact with Spidey senior. The flight yesterday was ridiculously uncomfortable.
Purple arrow 2018: Daisy. She’s with Loki and Thor. And I probably wouldn't remember to do anything. Ana is going to give you a readout of what happened here after you disappeared. It’s been a crazy two days.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. We now have some Tony Peter cuteness because why not. This conversation takes place a couple of hours after the last one.
Me: Maybe in your timeline, he didn’t get out of the truck before what you are looking for tried to eat him?
Purple Princess 2018: If he’s like my dad probably before. Apparently, there are windows where we can talk to you. This one's going to close in about 20 minutes, and then it will be three days your time before there's another one. Ana and Friday are doing the math. Friday will let you know when to be ready to speak to us.
Me: I can see why you call it that. The city is insane. The best thing about the place was meeting the counselor.
“And now, they’re together at a wedding in Mumbai when I could actually use him. May is getting worse,” Simmons said worriedly.
The new consultant: That also confirms that you have other friends who are not robots, including teenage mutant ninjas spider. Although personally, I don’t consider Afia a robot. She is still a person who just happens to be a fabricated Wakandan American.
The Big Boss: He wants to come back to LA once the toy chest has made its way to the new Avenger house.
Steve: Robin loves being there. She says that they’re supposed to be sisters someday. I have no idea what that means.
Tony: So Friday knows pretty much everything about me, including that the state of New York decided that I’m totally unfit to have a child as well as what happened to my sperm count. So she decided to fix it. And the Princess helped.
Anthony: Mom showed up the next morning, wearing sweats of all things, with a box of French chocolates to break the news. Her wearing sweats really should’ve been sign number three. Mom never wore casual clothes. I think that’s the only time in my life I’ve seen her dressed like that.
I’ll mention it at dinner tomorrow or rather tonight. It is now after midnight. I guess I should mention I’m back in Manhattan for the moment. I need to do a few meetings but I’ll be back in DC in a couple of days for lobbying and football. Joy.
“No. I’m sorry we’re going to need more than one good conversation for you and Steve to work through the mountain of bull shit that is your relationship. Remember, I've lived through this once. It took a while with less shit to work through.”
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. It is now time for an in-person chapter, the first one in a while. Of course, we’ve had sections of in-person conversation throughout so far, but we’ve primarily done text messages or emails.
Thank you to everybody who read and/or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely wonderful. This conversation takes place about 36 hours after the last interlude and only a few hours after Tony wrote his note to his Lily bear. This one is actually label as a ‘conversation’, so you know what that means? Our boys are finally going to talk to each other.
HSBF: If you’re going to stop doing the fake subterfuge text messages, should we even keep talking to each other like we have been? Clint only talks to his wife in the event of an emergency.
“He wasn’t. Happy believed that I could actually do a committed, monogamous relationship, so I wanted to believe that I could do a committed, monogamous relationship. I’ve wanted things to work out with Pepper. I really did want to prove that I could be in a real adult relationship that everyone wanted out of me, including Happy.”
“Yes. Yo-Yo knows what’s really going on and they are working on it. She’s going to try to convince the Rider to stick around to help with later on.” And by later on he knows Leo is referring to the big purple guy with the glove fetish. Baby bird said they need the Rider to win.
In other good news, after accidentally getting lost in the email for a week the next chapter of Hydra Lullaby has just been posted. It is the perfect story for those of you who enjoy a universe where Tony was told about his parents’ murder as soon as Steve and Natasha found out about Hydra involvement and all the Avengers know that Coulson is not dead.
Me: Or when villains attack. Or when aliens will fall from the sky because you know they’re going to fall from the sky at any moment.
Counselor Laura: Which is stupid because you shouldn’t make assumptions. I should've realized that you wouldn’t have known because your relationship with Steve was how other Tony found out the truth.
Me: I’m also glad you took a nap because you’re going to need your strength. I’m planning for you to get writer’s cramp tonight. Even if you won’t let me talk you through other fun activities to do with your hand.
Hunter: I will help you figure it out. You're still brilliant. You just need to come out of the alcohol fog.
The boss: Especially because the Accords are gone. They're already working on a purple asshole contingency plan. Better than what we did because instead of the Avengers being broken in pieces, they have like four squads working together.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are absolutely lovely. It seems that the regular update schedule is back.
Anthony: We haven’t had that conversation yet. Probably because the doctors told her not to upset me. I’m sure it’s coming soon though.
We’re bringing back a souvenir, but unfortunately, you’ll have to go visit the princess’s lab to see it. Joey is very good at collecting souvenirs, especially rare metals, and Vision is very good at carrying them.
Tony: I don’t know. The board wants me out because of the boyfriend. And I’m so tired of dealing with them. I actually really like spending time in DC and doing more of the Avenger stuff. I also like protecting the kids. I can do that by shaping the ATCU’s policies in that regard. I feel like maybe it’s time to move on.
“According to Bobbi, it is probably best not to press for details when it comes to Hunter. Also, I really hope they don’t have to work together anytime soon. They’re not like you and Pepper.” Steve lamented.
“Okay, I’m confused. Please explain to me how Leo is also a victim of the decimation since I thought this timeline’s Leopold Fitz was presumed dead even though I’m now 99% sure he created my timeline. Here is an important lesson about time travel because I know you’re trying it; you don’t change your timeline by going to the past, you just make a new one.” Laura tells Steve.
Purple arrow: Where are you? You said that we would have breakfast together, and its lunchtime. Not that I can get the kids to eat anything.
“The English language really screwed us over with only one word for love. Other languages do better.”
“You are wonderful,” Steve said just before he took one out of the bag and quickly took a bite. “These are so much better.”
“I would but I’m busy, mostly trying to keep Simmons from reading the Darkhold,” He said pointing to the pack Hunter was now holding.
"Besides, it’s my neck you’re going to really have to worry about. I hope Yo-Yo packed a few turtlenecks.” Tony jokes before falling onto the freshly made bed.
“One, this is Pepper’s house, as you told me earlier. Two, that’s Hunter’s usual room.” Steve said pointedly.
“Most of the U.S. military is a concern, the brass anyway and you don’t want to lead them to a country that helped you out. Especially one that has weapons that are decades away from everyone else.”
Anthony love: Oh, that reminds me, I am also going to have to inform MJ that her cousin is MIA if we don’t get a message from her in the next 48 hours. We’re bringing her to the compound anyway.
Counselor Laura: Yes, yes, and yes. They found out about Michelle when Tony did an in-depth background on all of Peter’s acquaintances. Too bad we didn’t find out about Flash’s piece of shit dad at the time. We could’ve got him out months earlier.
Anthony: This is why you’re my boyfriend. I just really want to, no need to, spend extra time with you after everything with Spidey and the feds. Ross is really pissed off about the ferry getting sliced in half. He sees it as evidence that we should all be locked up.
Me: A 27-year-old dying in the prime of life is always going to be weird no matter what. It shouldn’t happen and it always hurts when it does.
Me: Of course he won’t. He never talks about anything not since his uncle Ben died. He did love the ninja turtles growing up. Let’s go with that.
Football Hunter: Was that a deal with the actual devil or some inhuman that calls himself the devil? Or are you not sure because you couldn’t decipher the scribbles of the preschooler that draws the future?
Tosha: Although no alcohol because we have two recovering alcoholics and Simmons. And if we're going to figure out what the hell happened, we need her somewhat sober. Apparently, that’s a rare thing, according to Steve.
Melinda: Not yet. Clint and I are in the room with her. I agree with you. Can you convince Friday to let you have access?
"You weren’t ready for it yet. You and Stark needed to work on your problems yourselves." Melinda explained.
Tony: But she did agree for Spidey to go to power person’s training camp this winter as well as weekend patrolling. Yo-Yo is going to be supervising weekend patrols until her California relocation.
They've been here a while already, and Steve is starting to wish for a bottle of water or even some coffee. His fake beard is itchier than he expected, and the borrowed boots are too big. But nothing can beat the smile on the kids' faces when they sit down and tell him what they want for the holidays.
