“Stop staring,” Lisa says, jerking Dean out of his thoughts. It’s dark, with the new moon, but Dean can still make out her smile, so he smiles back.
“You’re the one who shut down in the middle of the conversation,” Castiel responds, much less accusatory.
The music starts to speed up then, beginning the change from ballad to rock anthem, and Dean reaches out to grab Cas’s wrist, to pull him into the circle. He ignores Cas’s yelp of protest and spins him under his arm, then laughs before wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist and swinging him around, forcing Charlie and Anna to leap out of the way. Cas struggles against Dean’s grip, but Dean holds tight, laughing into Cas’s shoulder as he tries to force him to dance, dragging him around until Cas finally gives in and starts dancing on his own, just as the guitar and drum kit really start to ramp up. Pleased, Dean turns to Lisa, but his grin quickly falls when he sees the look on her face.
“Oh?” Her smile turns a little more genuine. “Well, we just pulled some muffins out of the oven, if you want one?”
“I promised Mom I wouldn’t go out and party anymore,” Dean croaks, and he’s gripping the gift card so hard that it’s digging painfully into his palm.
Finally, Blitzkrieg Bop ends, and the singer glares at them before rolling her eyes and saying something to the bass player. He protests, but she turns her glare on him until he goes to the abandoned keyboard and starts to play a familiar set of chords. The singer turns back to her microphone and says, “This is to shut up the little S.O.B.s in the corner,” which only serves to make Jo, Dean, and Charlie scream in delight, pushing back from the barrier to create their own dance pit.
Castiel leaves a kiss on the nape of Dean’s neck, then leans his head against Dean’s back. He holds Dean close, fingers clinging to the soft, faded fabric of Dean’s t-shirt, and listens to the quiet until he finally fades into sleep.
“No bother!” Charlie chirps, cheerful as always. “Call me again when you’re out of the dungeon and we’ll go to the arcade, okay?”
It’s easy enough to find the party once they turn up the hill. It’s already spread out into the street, beer cans littering the lawn, kids playing tag in the cul-de-sac. Dean rolls his eyes, putting an arm around Lisa’s shoulders to keep her close as they approach the front door.
“I shouldn’t have said that,” Castiel says quickly. Dean shakes his head, reaching over to grip Castiel’s forearm, as if he’s afraid Castiel will run away. He’s not wrong to be worried; that usually is Castiel’s first instinct, after all. Avoid the problem, one way or another.
“Cas finally decided to stop being a hermit?” Anna jokes, an arm still slung around Jo’s shoulders as the girls laugh. Castiel frowns and rolls his eyes.
Dean pouts, but he allows Castiel to shift out of his grasp, and when Castiel makes a circular gesture with his hands, Dean rolls over onto his stomach and presents. There’s another spike of alpha pheromones at that moment, and Dean basks in it, tilting his hips at an angle that curves his spine almost painfully, but it’s worth it for the way Castiel snarls and grabs at him.
Cas grins outright before leaning forward to steal another lingering kiss. It takes a second for Dean’s brain to catch up and respond, leaning in to the kiss as Cas’s hand slides up his back, carefully gripping his shirt and pulling him closer. Dean’s erection picks up an interest in the situation again, and judging by the sound Cas makes when Dean shifts, Cas is in a similar situation.
He stops when Mary holds up a hand. “Don’t apologize, please. I’ve been struggling to convince my husband to allow Dean to stay, and you have provided several solid arguments.” A strange smile stretches her face. “It’s easier to talk about how grandpups might be raised when one is on the way. Or how strange alphas may treat my son when there’s one living in our home.” This last comes with a hint of a threat, and Dean thinks it’s funny how Castiel is cowed by his beta mother. But it also speaks well of him that he’s willing to defer to her as Queen, and as Dean’s mother, regardless of her beta status. A lot of alphas would sneer at that - most of Dean’s suitors have avoided or ignored Mary, preferring to deal with the alpha king.
“Neither should you!” Charlie closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. “Dean, everyone is worried about you. Will you please just come home with me?”
“How am I supposed to trust you after that? How do I know who the real Dean is? How do I know you won’t snap and do the same thing to me?”
In his defense, he’s been around Pam longer than Victor has. He’s not sure if he believes in all her fortune telling methods, but there have been some pretty creepy moments. Like a couple years ago, when Pam read his palm and announced that he would only ever love one person. Ever since Lisa dumped him, Dean thinks about that a lot.
That’s when Dean realizes he’s starting to get hard, and jerks away with a gasp. The catcalls and cheering come back in a rush that’s almost deafening, and Cas is still staring at him, blue eyes wide, hands hanging uselessly in the air where Dean’s chin used to be. Dean stares back, purposely ignoring the shape and color of Cas’s lips, shoving away all those thoughts and ideas that came to him while they were pressed together. No kissing lessons. No little noises. No getting hard.
Dean huffs when the girl smirks at him and tosses dark curls off her shoulder. Jo takes pity on him, calling out, “We’re closed right now, can you come back later?”
“Because it’s bullshit,” Victor mutters, sending Dean into giggles. When Pam turns to glare at them, Victor grins like he’s won something, and Dean struggles to stifle his laughter.
“Not with you,” and Dean sounds sincere enough that Castiel has to take a deep breath. Whatever that moment was, it was just a moment. Nothing happened, and nothing will happen. It was an accident built on confused hormones, and Castiel forces himself to smile when Jo slaps Dean’s shoulder.
“He’s busy writing poetry for me,” she says, the corner of her lips turned up. “Books and books of it. I keep telling him I hate the stuff, that he should put up or shut up, but you know how he is. Just a big ol’ hopeless romantic.”
“Not when you look at each other the way you and Dean look at each other. Even Ruby noticed, and she was practically blackout drunk.”
Dean tries not to dwell on it, losing himself in the friction and the slow but distinct growth of Castiel’s knot, as it starts to catch on his rim. But then, Castiel does something odd: he snuffles along the back of Dean’s neck, stopping at the pad of muscle where neck becomes shoulder. There, he places a firm, open-mouthed kiss, and while there’s no teeth, not even a nip, Dean recognizes the gesture for what it is.
"Listen." Missouri pauses to lean back in her chair, collecting her thoughts. "I'm sure he'll have as much to say as you do, so let him. Let him be angry, and acknowledge his anger. Apologize, but don't be selfish. You hurt him first, so he gets to set the boundaries, and you just need to respect them." She states at Dean, assessing him. "It'll be hard. Waiting, and then apologizing. But I think you can do it."
He wheedles Charlie into giving him Cas’s new number, then calls and apologizes for his weird behavior the past few days, before inviting Meg and Cas to join him and Sam at the ice skating rink in Seaside. Cas is hesitant and stiff, in a way that reminds Dean that he may not be as forgiven as he’d like to be, but after some hushed discussion, Meg picks up the line and says they’d be happy to go. There’s an edge to her cheerful voice, and it makes the hair rise on the back of Dean’s neck.
But this is not about him or his desires or his insecurities, so he does his best to push all that aside and picks at his fingernails as he says, “So you’d send Dean out there to deal with your dad by himself?”
“We don’t have to,” Dean is mumbling, one hand pressed warm and steady against Castiel’s waist. “It’s okay, if you don’t-”
Dean approaches him and nudges the cup gently. “You got booze in there, young man?” he teases. Cas rolls his eyes, which just makes Dean laugh.
Dean takes a deep breath, as if preparing to say something, but there are no words waiting in his throat, so he bites his lip instead. Instinct says to avert his eyes, start dancing again or make a rude comment about the singer’s voice cracking, anything to distract from this intense staredown. But Dean can’t.
“How did you know you were gay?” Dean blurts out, instantly regretting it when Charlie is silent for a moment too long.
Going out onto the boardwalk turns out to be even worse. Dean doesn’t have a line of hungry customers to distract himself with, so he finds himself actively searching for Cas within the crowd.
Castiel chuckles softly and leans back. Dean lets him go, but they still end up loosely clutching each other’s forearms, Castiel’s thumb carefully rubbing over Dean’s skin. “I knew I had feelings for you by the time I got back to Sileas in 2006. I knew it was love when I kissed you at the Panic! at the Disco concert.”
“It’s not even done yet,” Dean says bashfully, but his eyes are all aglow as he searches Castiel’s face, as Castiel takes a few steps back to try and get the whole picture. “There’s still a lot of work left to do.”
“Are you awake?” calls the alpha. Dean groans again, flipping over onto his side and closing his eyes. His fever is spiking, and that voice is twisting up his insides. “You need water.”
“I know.” Castiel steals a kiss, drags his lips over Dean’s cheek to nibble his ear, which makes Dean whimper and buck his hips forward. “I know, but I just…”
"I know." Dean rolls his eyes, and Missouri's hand twitches when she frowns. Sometimes Dean thinks she wants to smack the attitude out of him. Sometimes he's very impressed that she hasn't. "I know, I'm the one who hurt him, so he has every right to shut me out. It's just..."
A giggle escapes from Castiel’s mouth, and he bites his lower lip to keep the rest from sneaking out. “That’s my mother,” he says, voice shaking with suppressed laughter. “Naomi Milton.”
Dean sits down on his bed with a sigh, resting his head in his hand and his elbow on his knee as he watches Castiel study the paintings in confusion. “When I have a bad day, I paint flowers,” Dean finally explains. Castiel looks up at him, concerned, because there are several floral-themed canvases down here. “They’re easy,” Dean continues. “It gives me something to do without having to think too hard about it. I can…” He trails off, then sighs again. “I can disappear, I guess. Into the painting process. And I don’t have to worry about color schemes or symbols or any of that shit.”
No one really gives a shit about Dean anyway. So why the hell should Dean give a shit about himself?
Castiel stares deep into his mug, unsure of how she’ll respond to the idea, especially considering how much Dean helps her and Sam. “I’ve thought about asking Dean to move in with me,” he says quietly.
I loved you isn’t a good enough justification for you sleeping with someone else without my knowledge. You still knew I returned your feelings. That should have been enough.”
However, he’s not particularly interested in watching Rudolph yet again, so he takes a moment to step into the kitchen to try and get some calls through to his family. There are several of them, after all, so it’s probably best to call his siblings tonight, and his parents sometime tomorrow.  Michael and Lucifer don’t answer, but Castiel didn’t really expect them to anyway: Michael is probably very busy with whatever special event Uncle Zach has planned, and it’s not unusual for Lucifer to be difficult to get a hold of. Gabriel, however, does answer, and he lets Castiel regale him with stories from his road trip, trading back his own stories of how incredibly difficult it is to run a bakery during the holidays. Even so, Gabriel seems pleased that Castiel is enjoying his visit so much, and promises to fasttrack a box of sweets to the Winchester home once the mail is up and running again.
“If you don’t like pea soup, you can send it back,” Dean offers with a smile. “This meal was kind of thrown together, but if you’re gonna stick around, I can give the cook a list of food you like.”
Dean grimaces and shakes his head. “No way. Sammy was already bugging me about it, but I refuse to contribute to the decimation of music.”
And as the seconds draw out, Castiel starts to confuse the warmth in his chest and the heat in his belly, both now feelings he associates with Dean, and he wonders if they’re different or the same. Dean blinks slowly, and his eyelashes are long, and his freckles are numerous, and Castiel parts his lips without thinking about it.
Dean immediately twists to frown at Castiel, who holds his hands up. “I’m only responsible for the tablet.”
“My point is,” Cas continues, “I didn’t know how I was going to react when I got here. I wanted to be angry, and Meg said she’d stand behind me whatever happened, but then I saw you and…” He pauses, a small smile spreading over his face. “I felt happy. It felt like…” His cheeks turn a pretty shade of pink, and he averts his gaze again. “I wasn’t sure I could trust you. I didn’t think I could forgive. But I still wanted to be around you. I wanted to try.”
In a shallow bowl are two pieces of jewelry. One is a cord necklace with a horned head charm. The other is the chain bracelet and protective charm that Castiel accidentally stole from Lisa’s stepmother and gave to Dean last summer.
She goes quiet again. Someone laughs in the background, maybe the TV, and Lisa sighs. “Okay,” she says softly. “Go ahead.”
Dean winces, reaching for Cas’s hands, but he aborts the motion when Cas flinches away. “No we can’t, Cas. Look, it’s weird, I know, but I’m in therapy, and Missouri, she says-”
Dean laughs again, and something in the alpha’s voice makes him want to roll over onto his back, but he manages to restrain himself. “You were talkin’ to my horse,” Dean says. “You talk to deer too?”
That sounds like a date, and Castiel is still nervous about how easy it is to say, “Okay.” But he’s probably just overthinking it.
This is why Castiel had asked to wait last summer. This is why he was so nervous about the idea of dating Dean, and why he should have shut those intentions down before this ever got started. Apparently, Dean couldn’t just wait for Castiel to be ready, and that means
“So should you!” Cas is gripping both of Dean’s shoulders now, and Dean hadn’t realized how close they were, that he can’t really see or focus on anything but the sheen in Cas’s eyes, the pink anger in his skin. “Dean, Sam can get scholarships. He’s an athlete, for all you know schools will be falling over themselves to court him!” Cas puts a hand over his face and draws back, taking a deep breath. “What does Sam want to do?”
"You still coulda tried!" Dean rubs his free hand over his mouth, doesn't bother looking at Cas. The lantern light is far ahead of them, the others' voices barely audible. "You gave your brother the bird and ran off, but you can't bother to steal your phone back for five minutes?" Dean shakes his head. "Mixed signals, man."
“I never really got to ask you what I wanted to ask you before you left,” Sam says quickly. “We started talking about Dean, and got distracted. So…” He trails off, twisting his fingers anxiously, and Castiel smiles despite himself. Sometimes he forgets how young Sam is.
Another long moment of eye contact passes, before Naomi finally sighs, her shoulders dropping as she does the last thing Castiel expected: she reaches over and takes his hand in both of her own, gently caging his palm in a stiff but gentle kind of warmth. Castiel glances down at their hands in confusion before looking up at her eyes again.
Castiel’s not so sure about that, but he’s loathe to try and correct someone who thinks his dad is that smart. Especially since it might just be Castiel who isn’t picking up on the clues.
Castiel blinks, and ends up blushing when those silly, domestic little fantasies start to flicker through his brain again. Sharing a bed, sleeping next to a warm body all night… Castiel hadn’t realized how lonely he was out here until Dean appeared. Sure, the animals and the bees make for decent conversation, but it’s not quite the same as being around other people.
Briefly, Dean wonders why he’s working so hard to justify this, but quickly covers it up, excusing it with his love for Charlie and willingness to fulfill her dreams.
Sonny chuckles softly and stands up, off to help his other students. When he’s gone, Dean takes another look at his canvas, trying to put the product in his head on top of the unfinished work in front of him. For a moment, he wishes Cas was around to model for him again.
It was like vomiting all the negativity and self-hatred out. A way to numb himself for a while, and keep himself out of trouble. Dean can look back on it and know that it wasn’t until he started seeing Missouri that he really started to get better, but painting that mural helped him express his sorrow and fear, while keeping him away from worse medicines, like booze.
“I promise,” Dean says. It feels like deja vu when Sam’s smile brightens. Dean just swallows his doubts and tries to smile back.
“Did you?” There’s amusement and affection in Dean’s voice, as he closes his eyes and continues rubbing Castiel’s neck. “What did they say?”
“Then it was love at fiftieth sight?” Dean can’t help saying, but Cas is so deep in his own dreamy little wormhole of romance that he doesn’t even notice.
“I’m planning a surprise party for Jo, since we were going to go to the midnight show for Pirates on her actual birthday.” Charlie bites her lower lip, lowering her head. “I’m inviting a ton of people, as many as I can get from her school and from ours, people who actually know her. And I’m putting some games together.” Charlie hesitates here, looking up at Dean from beneath her eyelashes, her shoulders tense. “One of them is a kissing game.”
It's funny. Dean has been seeing Missouri for a while now, and it's gotten to be easy to talk to her about almost anything. She listens well and gives good advice and it's helped Dean realize that he's worth listening to, and maybe worth helping.
He wants Castiel to claim him. They had agreed no biting, but if Castiel forgets or can’t resist his instincts, Dean wouldn’t mind so much. At least, not in this state.
for jumping in and prodding me and helping with story planning and editing! Since it's Christmas, she has an amazing Christmas fic called "Angel Cookies" that you should check out once you're done with this!
“Meaningful,” Castiel states, trying to clarify what he’s looking for. “You said I get to choose whether it’s meaningful enough to be my first kiss. What do you choose?”
, in the back of his mind with all the little locked doors and compartments where Dean hides the memories of stolen kisses and peppermint-scented hair, is that brilliant white light that Dean refuses to name.
He picks out a pale blue button-down and a pair of khakis, and even takes the time to try and brush his hair. He opts out of the tie and dress shoes. Michael will frown at this decision, but his reaction would be far worse if he found mud on those nice shoes, or suspicious stains on those expensive ties. Better safe than sorry, Castiel thinks. At least his trainers are already muddy.
They’re nowhere near as coordinated as Baby and Johnny on the screen, but the joy and affection and chemistry is the same, as they fumble and laugh and step on each others’ toes in the darkened corners of the room. Dean mouths along to the lyrics, and it will take another viewing before Castiel realizes that this is a mirror to Johnny, but in this moment, he can’t stop smiling, safe and happy with the knowledge that he’s deeply in love with a boy who loves him just as much.
“Yeah, I just got one too.” Sam rolls his eyes as they get to their feet. Castiel’s phone stays silent, and he’s disappointed even after Dean offers a comforting kiss on his cheek. Sam makes a face, which earns him a punch in the shoulder once Dean’s locked the front door.
Footsteps crunch the gravel in front of the office, and Dean turns to see Cas approaching him, hair a mess and cheeks pink from the abusive wind. He’s smiling though, so Dean smiles back. It’s hesitant; Dean hasn’t really seen Cas since he had that weird dream, and if Dean hadn’t gotten so drunk and sought help and comfort from Cas, he’s not sure they’d be speaking yet.
“Be that as it may, I do know what you’ve done to Dean since you got here, and I know that nobody’s exactly happy with you right now.”
Benny cocks an eyebrow at Castiel before gesturing in Dean’s direction. “You better not be jerking my boy around, Milton. I know what your family’s like-”
Benny pulls his cell phone out of his pocket, wiggling it around. “Was hoping I could get a call out to Andrea before the storm hit.” He lets the wind whistle around the for a moment before shrugging. “Looks like I’m out of luck.”
Charlie hums curiously into the phone, and Dean can practically see her, the unconscious things she does when her interest is piqued: leaning forward, tucking hair behind her ears, hazel eyes slightly dilated and completely focused.
at school - he just had a hard time relating to the other kids, and found it easier to entertain himself with books and studying. He had gotten along fairly well with a couple of boys on the track team this year, but when Balthazar and Uriel wanted to go out and party after a victory, or even just invited him over to watch a movie on a Friday night, Castiel had found his old habits hard to break. He’s honestly not sure why they’re now so easy to break for Dean, however. Perhaps he just finds Dean more interesting, more novel- but that’s not right either. Dean isn’t a toy to play with, or a specimen to study. Castiel genuinely likes him, and he’s again flooded with warmth with his phone buzzes.
“I can do that,” Castiel agrees, and before Dean can process it, Castiel’s other hand has pulled him in for a searing kiss.
"Dean." Castiel turns to look at him, though Dean doesn't take his eyes from the road. "It was great."
Oh. Panic shoots through Castiel at the thought of hanging out with local kids, what his mother would say, but he shakes it off and gives Sam a small smile. "Okay."
“If it’s not that important, why can’t you tell me?” Dean sounds petulant and jealous, and he doesn’t even care.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “You don’t want to put it in a gallery someday? You could probably hang a bunch of paintings downstairs as a gallery, if you wanted. Maybe sell a few.”
It’s a beautiful image. Castiel would be a gorgeous alpha prince, dressed in blues and blacks, and they could rule side by side, like equals. Castiel probably doesn’t know much about running a kingdom, but he is kind and capable and gentle, and would probably be loved by all their people, for his beauty and benevolence. They would have pups: an heir, a spare, and one or two more just because the creation process is so much fun. And Dean wouldn’t care if his first-born was an alpha or an omega, they would be heir regardless and treated just the same.
"Well, I wasn't expecting to find two of my brothers missing when I woke up," Michael shoots back, "so it looks like this morning's full of surprises for everyone." His eyes dart to Dean, and Castiel suddenly remembers that, for all Dean's intentions, no matter how much they actually want to be friends, if Michael says no, then their mother says no, and Castiel will be left with his books and his siblings for the rest of the summer. Panic runs through him at the thought of losing these people before he really even has them, and Castiel lets go of Dean's bike.
Dean cracks his knuckles and takes a deep breath. “Do you have the money?” He asks, keeping his eyes on the boy in front of him. The boy glances over his shoulder at Alastair and Azazel, then twists back to Dean.
you,” Castiel counters, rubbing his hands over his face. “I feel like we’re speaking different languages, and I don’t know how to make you understand.”
It’s sweet, actually. A few pecks here and there don’t really count in the long run, but Cas is trying so hard, and Dean has no idea why but it’s still nice. Maybe he’s just doing it for the sake of putting on a show. Either way, and Dean laughs against Cas’s lips as he thinks this, maybe some kissing lessons can be arranged. Just for Cas’s sake. If he keeps growing, keeps broadening out, stays athletic and kind and gorgeous (objectively, of course, but Dean’s not blind), he’ll want the chance to practice before he starts picking up girlfriends of his own. Dean would be happy to volunteer.
Michael keeps inviting him to lunch and trying to impart wisdom on him, be it about school or love or life in general, and at first it was nice, but now Castiel is just annoyed by his blathering on and on and on. He’s probably trying to prod Castiel into sharing why he’s been moping around the hotel instead of going out with his friends, but Castiel still isn’t interested in talking.
Dean takes a few deep breaths, running a hand through his hair. He should just go to the party. Make an appearance. Show his face. Then disappear. Except that wouldn’t work because Alastair would actually expect him to do his job, and if Dean wasn’t around to do it, then there would
Dinner that night is lively and wonderful. The food is amazing, and the company even better. Sam tells Dean about their trip to the aquarium this morning, and Dean is jealous that he didn’t get to feed any seals, so Castiel promises that they can go again some other time. The brothers tease Castiel for not eating any messy wings, but Castiel doesn’t take it personally, though he does threaten to tell Dean what he and Sam talked about this morning, and Sam immediately changes the subject.
“I stole your number off Dean’s phone. I’m sick of him hiding out in his room all day and being an asshole whenever he comes out, and I
“Last summer. When Gabe and Anna told you to leave. If you had knocked one more time? I would’ve answered.”
Dean scowls outright, though it fades when Castiel turns to him with a smile. “One of these days,” Dean says, pointing his own stick in Castiel’s face, “I’m gonna start figuring out when you’re being a little shit, and then you won’t be so funny.”
“I do miss Dean, though,” he admits, taking a sip of his tea. “Often. There have been a few times---” He cuts himself off, blushing, but Mary puts a comforting hand on his wrist.
Dean joins him a little later, groaning as he collapses into the bed, immediately reaching over to wrap his arms around Castiel’s torso, tugging him close until he can leave a kiss on the back of Castiel’s neck as he whispers, “Sweet dreams.”
And don’t think Dean doesn’t notice when Castiel flinches. Of course he does, and of course that puppy-dog look of confusion and hurt just makes Castiel feel worse. Whatever happened with Aaron, it was months ago. Dean said they quit before prom, and swore that it would never happen again, with Aaron or anyone else. Even if Castiel decided he wanted a relationship without sex, Dean said he would be happy with that. So why does Castiel continue to punish him?
what you've just read is part one of a seven part series; part two is currently being written, and all seven parts have been planned. i may or may not write interludes about the school year or other characters in the meantime, but that depends on a) whether or not anyone actually likes this series and is interested in that haha, and b) what they're interested in seeing. come find me
She's grinning like a tiger toying with prey, and Castiel almost corrects her, almost tells her that Dean's not really his boyfriend. Not
He’d sit at the tower windows and stare out at the expanse of green trees stretching outside the fortress, wondering if he could see Castiel’s cottage from here. He’d sit at the table with wine and pheasant and family and wonder if Castiel was eating okay, or if he was lonely. He’d walk past the gardens and feel genuine, physical pain in his chest and stomach, the smell of flowers so close yet so far from Castiel’s intoxicating scent.
“I’m gonna guess from the use of the word ‘tempestuous’ that you haven’t tried out much of Dean’s experience yet, “ Aaron continues, like he has no idea the hot water he’s already in. It’s strange that Castiel can be furious at Dean, and so furiously protective of him at the same time. “He’s a giver, not a user.”
Dean clears his throat and pretends to find something else to fiddle with just so he doesn’t have to look at Charlie. She sighs and reminds him, “It could’ve been juvie, Dean.”
But Cas jerks away from the painting as if burned, turning to stare at Dean so intently that Dean can’t stare back. “Did you really?” Cas says, voice soft.
Castiel can practically see Dean rolling his eyes and calling him a nag under his breath, and he smiles at the thought. Regardless of the circumstances, he does miss Dean, and is looking forward to seeing him again.
“I am!” Dean runs a hand through Castiel’s hair, trails his fingers over his jaw until Castiel looks up from the paintings to meet Dean’s eyes. “I
She glances at his hair, which is the moment he realizes that he may have been better off leaving his hood up, but then she smiles. “If you ask nicely,” she answers. “Are you new in town?”
! also, if you have any questions or concerns, or if you just want to know how the writing process is coming, tumblr is the place to check!
He’s been good over the last few days, and now he’s finally getting what he wants, as Castiel plays with his hole, stretching the rim and slipping a third finger inside. But somehow, after waiting
Lisa puts her hand on Dean’s back, trailing her fingers up and down his spine. She smiles when Dean turns to look at her, but the smile drops like a stone when Dean pulls away from her touch. She tucks her hands in her lap, frowning at Dean with hurt painting her features, but how can he possibly explain that that gesture just reminds him of Cas?
?” Castiel can’t even look at him, crushing the paper bag under his fist. “I just… I don’t understand how this even happened in the first place. Jo and Charlie say he only ever talked about me so I shouldn’t care who he slept with, but then they got so weird when you came into the pizza place, and…” He slumps, all of his anger rushing out of him in a frustrated sigh, leaving only confusion and inadequacy. “I don’t get it. I just don’t get it.”
“It happened to me a couple years ago,” Dean continues. “Victor talked me into coming to football try-outs. I was still pretty low after all that shit with you and Lisa, and the trial with Alastair, and he thought it would cheer me up. But it just meant I wasn’t paying attention, and a guy came at me and I wasn’t braced for it, and he caught me right in the chest.” His hand subconsciously wanders to the spot, just below his breastbone. Castiel watches the movement, then reaches to take that hand, indulgently bringing the fingers up to his lips.
“I don’t deserve you. I keep fucking up but you keep coming back and it just makes everything seem worthwhile. Like I can keep going through the day as long as you still want to talk to me and touch me and see my paintings.”
“Don’t let her hear you say that,” he says, wiping his eyes. Charlie slides into the space between them, informing them that it’s rude to whisper. Dean looks like he has a good response, but before he can speak, Castiel’s phone goes off. He has a split-second heart attack, terrified that he’s been discovered, but the number is unfamiliar. His brothers would use their own phones to try and intimidate him, so Castiel raises his eyebrows at Dean’s curious expression and answers the phone.
Dean blushes pink, lowering his eyes and trying to suppress his smile. "I got the impression you didn't like the mural-"
Dean reaches for her waist and pulls her in to steal a kiss, laughing softly. “Can I draw you?” he asks against her lips. She laughs again, bubbling up from somewhere in her belly.
“Yeah. Protective, like I said.” Sam takes a deep breath. More kids giggle nearby as a seal splashes them. “Her birthday is in a month, and we’re hoping that we can get her dad to like me enough to let us date when she’s fifteen, but that would mean not kissing her at midnight. So he trusts me.”
“Ha ha ha, let’s laugh at Castiel’s blue balls” Castiel drawls, wrapping his arms around Dean’s shoulders, his lips in Dean’s hair. This is much more intimate than a first date has any right to be, but since when have he and Dean ever been uncomfortable touching one another?
Meg scoffs, tossing brown curls off her shoulder. “Boys grow up. They learn that mother knows best and friends aren’t forever.”
But now is not the time for that. Meg and Cas are still together, and Dean doesn’t know what role he plays in their fights, but he knows that Meg is watching him closely while her boyfriend is grinning into his ear, and Dean feels a little light-headed with the thought that he could turn his head and kiss Cas, but that would be wrong.
Dean’s breath hitches, and he turns to Castiel with glassy eyes, glowing under the streetlights. “You can’t tell anybody what I’m about to tell you. Okay?”
Castiel stands up straight, shaking excess water off his hands before reaching for a few paper towels. “She’d get a call if I wasn’t alive,” he says slowly, wiping his hands and forearms dry. “From the hospital.”
Jo nods and turns her attention to Anna, while Castiel greets Charlie far more warmly, petting her head as she tucks her face into his neck.
Castiel sets the draft aside and leans back on his elbows with a sigh. Dean will like this installment. Maybe, if Castiel asks nicely, he can get Father to send Dean a signed copy when it’s published.
Across the table, Jo heaves a dramatic sigh, but Charlie ignores them both, pulling her phone out of her pocket and pushing a few buttons. “He seemed okay with you when he got here, but if he’s not talking about what happened, like you said, who knows what’s actually going on.” She sets the phone in the middle of the table, and when a ring comes from the other end, she quickly shushes everyone.
Dean coats his food in layers of butter and syrup and powdered sugar, then gestures at Castiel’s empty plate. “You don’t want to eat what I made?” he asks with an exaggerated pout.
The confrontation ends with Mary’s fist in Alastair’s face. Dean can only gape, slack-jawed, as Alastair crumples, clutching his nose, and Mary quickly picks Lisa back up and carries her across the sand.
The way she had looked at him at the bungalow, had reappraised him and come on to him, maybe she does find him attractive. But does that mean anything? Castiel hasn’t even kissed a girl yet, embarrassing as that may be at his age, and here’s Bela promising more than just a kiss with the soft sway of her hips, the brush of her hand, a toss of her hair.
“I want to,” Castiel whispers back, because how the hell could Dean possibly think that anyone could say no to a request like that?
"Fine, I think," Cas finally answers, getting to his feet and brushing sand off his clothes before lifting up his shirt and prodding at the flesh the boy - Sam? - had kicked. "It might bruise, but I think I'll live."
“Look,” Anna says, once everyone has calmed down, “I figured out what was going on between you and my brother a year ago. After that big fight you guys had, and the way he reacted, how could I not? Gabe figured it out too. That’s why we didn’t want to let you in.” She rolls her shoulders, brushing invisible dust off her cloak. “We were at school when I found out he and Meg were dating, and I was kinda stunned. I couldn’t understand how he’d moved on from you so fast.
There comes a moment, in the late afternoon, where they’re leaning up against each other and not really paying attention to the TV so much as just enjoying each other’s company. Sunlight streams in through the window, bright and warm, and Cas is half-asleep, judging by his slow, steady breaths. That’s when Dean remembers what Lisa had said, about something Dean doesn’t know about Cas.
Servants come to take their bowls and replace them with plates of steaming hot pork, slathered in some sort of fruit sauce. Castiel is overwhelmed by his first bite; it’s been so long since he was able to have delicacies like this, meat cooked to such perfection that it’s falling apart in his hands, and syrupy sweet sauces that are almost painful on his tongue. He has to take a moment to let his tastebuds settle after the first bite, though he manages a smile when a concerned Dean puts a gentle hand on his arm.
Lisa laughs, hiding it behind her hand, and Dean can’t believe she’s being so unhelpful. “Lisa’s dad won’t let her come.”
The hard part is convincing himself that he can actually have it. That Dean isn’t straight, that he really does feel the same way Castiel does, and that he’s not trying to hurt him. That he means it when he says he’ll never hurt Castiel again.
"I can't say I have," Castiel sniffs, still rubbing his shoulder where she'd hit him. But Charlie only gapes at him, her mouth open wide.
They fall silent, letting the music swell and take over, washing the room in guitars and drums and noise. Dean’s foot starts to twitch in time, until Cas’s foot stretches over to press against him, forcing him to still. It’s comfortable, the two of them laying side by side on the bed, Cas’s toes pressed up against the arch of Dean’s foot.
“It’s an empty room,” Castiel says, glancing around. It’s a decent size, at least, with large windows facing the side road, and a naked mattress in the far corner. Dean laughs softly as he heads further inside.
She glances at him again, clearly annoyed by his unwillingness to give her real answers. But, soon enough, she’s smiling again. “Then this will be quite an adjustment for you. There’s a whole team of worker and servants and cooks and knights and scholars who are in and out of the castle all the time.”
It’s quiet. Dean squeezes his hand, and Castiel opens his eyes, looks over at Dean, who seems pensive.
Tension ratchets up so quickly that it sends goosebumps rippling through Castiel’s skin. He looks at Dean, the stiffness in his shoulders and the straight lines of his arms, the tight grip on the steering wheel. For a moment, Castiel worries that Dean is angry - this is the thing they never speak of, after all.
How can Dean look at him like that after spending half the school year sleeping with someone else? They can call it an arrangement or experimentation all they want, but Castiel can’t wrap his mind around the thought of loving someone as much as he loves Dean, and still wanting to have sex with anyone else. He can’t understand it, and it bothers him so much that he genuinely feels sick when Dean reaches out for a hug.
Castiel glances back at Mary, just in time to catch her laughing. What could his mother have said that would cause Mary to laugh like that? It’s been a while since Naomi has been to the sort of mingling galas and dinners that she used to go to for Uncle Zach’s sake, to promote his brand and represent him in places that wouldn’t be appropriate for a pastor, or whatever he’s calling himself these days. But Naomi always was good at small talk. Castiel just didn’t expect it to work on someone like Mary.
It was so easy to forget his anger when he was missing Dean, when they were separated. He mourns the loss of peace and joy, because he knows that there’s absolutely nothing Aaron will tell him today that won’t set him off. Briefly, he considers cancelling this appointment and just going home - what he doesn’t know won’t hurt him, after all.
Dean stares at her for a long moment. Rest sounds good, actually. Tempting. But he knows she’s wrong when she says that nobody’s mad at him. Jo stormed out on him. Lisa was furious enough to ask him to stop hanging out with Cas. Then Cas kicked him out. Mary tried to ground him, Bobby threatened to fire him.
"Yeah." Dean clears his throat, sitting up straight and fidgeting with the hem of his t-shirt. "I. I want to take art classes and learn how to paint. Maybe pottery too." He swallows, still staring at his lap. "My anatomy needs work. And clothes, I can't draw dresses. I want..." Dean sighs, lifting his head to look at Cas. "This is what I want. To be an artist. Whatever that means, it's what I want. But I can't have it."
Dean takes a deep breath and wades over to where Castiel is spread out on the bank. Castiel lifts his head, blinking in surprise when Dean smiles and lifts himself up out of the water. “All clean?” Castiel asks. Dean shrugs and wipes water from his forehead.
But mating is a lot to ask after all this. After only spending a few days together, most of which Dean spent in a haze of heat, then coming back after a few months only to spring on poor Castiel that, oh, he knocked up a prince? Yeah. Mating, marriage, Castiel becoming a prince himself… that can wait.
“It’s a really weird sensation,” Dean says, eyes glued to where Castiel is leaving kisses on his fingertips. “There’s no air in your lungs, and you’re suddenly hyper-aware of the fact that you’re not breathing, even though you never think about it when you are. But.” The corner of Dean’s mouth turns up as Castiel lowers his hand and meets his gaze again. “After what happened to Sam, I knew what was going on. So I didn’t panic. Victor and his teammates freaked out though, which was hilarious, and that was weird too. I wanted to laugh and tell them I was okay, but I couldn’t do either. So I’m just laughing at them in my head and waiting for my lungs to start working again so I can do it to their faces.”
Like something cheap and tawdry. Like Castiel should be ashamed of Dean. Castiel’s heart twists when he thinks about how Dean would take this news, how he would accept it as inevitable and paint a smile on for Castiel’s sake, to hide how it eats away at him. Castiel just can’t do that to Dean.
“We’ll leave you to it, then,” He calls. Gabriel scowls, tearing out of Michael’s grasp, but all he does is turn his stink-eye on Dean and make a strange gesture with his fingers. An indication that he’s watching Dean. Dean just gives him the bird before Michael finally pulls Gabriel back into the shed.
They ride in comfortable silence for a while, taking their time and listening to Charlie and Benny tease one another. Dean relaxes back against Castiel’s chest, and smiles to himself when he feels a soft purr start rumbling from the alpha. It’s
“I’m gonna start working nights at the bar pretty soon,” he says, “but if we can do it on a night I’m off, then okay.” He smiles, and it’s shaky, but not insincere. “I’d like that, ma’am.”
They share a look, then, and it’s so full of varied emotions that Castiel can’t begin to sort through - affection, flirtation, humor, apprehension, and longing, for a start - that neither could tell you who moved first. The next thing Castiel remembers, Dean’s lips are pressed against his, hands cupped around his jaw, and the kiss is passionate but hesitant, like Dean is afraid of trying for more but still wants to take what he can while he can.
It’s weird. Dean hates himself a little, but really, how do you handle something like this? Cas’s eyes aren’t that electric blue from his dream - in fact, they look almost navy in the cloudy light - but that’s definitely the mouth that encased Dean’s dick while Lisa watched, and Dean’s can’t not see it. It’s so bad that Cas is smiling that playful little smile, one corner of his mouth higher than the other, and Dean’s dick actually gives an interested twitch.
“That’s Lilith,” Bela says, pointing to the blonde girl. Lilith just smiles at him, slowly, until Castiel feels like a piece of meat in a tiger trap. “The other one’s Ruby.” A brunette with flushed cheeks waves a hand; she seems far less troublesome, or at least less interested, potentially just more drunk. “Alastair and Azazel are the gargoyles to your right.” The boy with light-colored eyes looks up, annoyed, but the older one just smiles serenely and shakes his head. Bela elbows Castiel and smirks. “You already know Prince Dean.”
Dean. It had hit him hard the other night, made worse by Dean’s strange, silent phone call, and now seeing him again just makes Castiel acutely aware of how much he misses summer green eyes and freckle-dusted skin, strong hands and sunny smiles. However big a mess they make, however bad it gets, at the center of it is Dean, glowing like a beacon, and Castiel, too in love to resist his light. That’s all it comes down to.
“Understandable.” And Dean’s pleased when she doesn’t offer any sort of anecdotes or advice. He’s tired of listening to that shit, tired of thinking.
“Stop being petty,” Jo groans, rubbing her hands over her eyes. “You’re so fucking clueless, Cas, you have no
This is excellent advice, actually, and once it sinks in, Castiel catches himself smiling back at Lisa. “Thank you. I’ll think about that.”
Dean takes another breath when the elevator dings, and the doors open. Maybe he was into Cas back then, and maybe he wasn’t. But he knows for sure that he is now, and he’s ecstatic to get to see his friend again, spend time together like they used to, before girlfriends got in the way.
“I don’t get it,” Dean says, throwing his hands up in frustration. “I practically tripped over him when I was in heat, but now, nothing.” He scents the air and sighs. “Can’t even smell the brook, let alone his garden.”
Dean continues, "I just don't think the two are mutually exclusive. You're gonna have to make sacrifices throughout your life, but the kind of sacrifices you make define who you are. What's more noble than sacrificing yourself to save the world? Harry would do it." Dean laughs softly. "He'd totally do it. You wanna talk about love? Who loves his friends and family more than Harry James Potter?"
But he can’t do that. He can’t mate Dean unless Dean wants to be mated. He can’t ask Dean to stay just because heat can addle an alpha’s brain almost as bad as an omega’s. He’s not even sure if he feels comfortable knotting Dean when he’s clearly still fevered, still heavily influenced by his hormones.
It's not like his class is anything to brag about. Twenty bucks a week to spend two hours in a back room at Michael's, surrounded by bored housewives and retirees, people who are just looking to pass the time and maybe have something to talk about with their friends.
Guitars and drums fill up the empty space while Cas gapes, before he sits up and shakes his head. “Dean, what are you talking about?”
miles away from here, so what’s the point in entertaining Dean for a few months if we’re just going to be separated again so quickly?”
Sonny claps him on the shoulder, then gets up to check in on his other students, leaving Dean to stare at the blank canvas. After a moment, he reaches for a pencil and scoots forward to get closer to the canvas.
“Y’all weren’t having sex up there, were you?” Benny cuts in, jerking them back into the real world. Castiel rolls his eyes, but Dean scowls at his friend.
Charlie is thrilled when she realizes who he’s speaking to, and Castiel knows how thrilled Bela is by that, so he cheerfully allows Charlie to join in the conversation, even as Dean rolls his eyes and Dorothy tries to look like she doesn’t want to intervene.
“Because it’s not important,” Cas answers, trying to sound soothing. “It’s completely irrelevant to our friendship, and not that big of a deal.”
He’s been keeping his mouth shut on this subject for years, so he’d be offended if he wasn’t so happy that she’s finally making progress.
Again, that sudden jolt of laughter, and Castiel joins him this time, leans against him and soaks up his warmth. If this is what being drunk is like, then Castiel is going to have to do it again, and soon. But that train of thought comes to a crashing halt when Dean turns and gently presses his lips to Castiel’s.
Castiel’s family hasn’t engaged in Christmas Eve traditions since Anna entered boarding school. They certainly never had anything as low-brow as this, but he finds himself charmed by its simplicity, by the excited energy Sam and Dean are putting into something so low-key.
“Well,” says Dean, settling in with Castiel pulled close and warm, “how could I possibly argue with that?”
Honestly, Dean’s surprised that Cas hasn’t followed Lucifer’s lead at this point, considering how his brother and mom would rather cage him up than let him socialize with people he actually likes. He almost says so, but catches himself, and instead goes down another train of thought. “Why’d you call me and not Bela?”
The omega’s shoulders drop, his mouth forming a soft, pretty pout. “Is there something wrong with me?”
Castiel feels his cheeks turn pink as he turns to look at Bela, and is surprised to see that her own face has taken on a ruddy tone in her anger. “Why does this mean so much to you?” he asks.
that lights up between them…! The way they stumbled upon each other, how Castiel doesn’t seem to mind Dean’s un-omega-like quirks, and okay, Cas is kind of a weird alpha, but his weirdness is adorable, and Dean still hopes beyond hope that he can keep him.
He’s so wrapped up in scratching that itch that he’s actually caught unawares when Castiel’s palm presses between his shoulderblades and forces him back down, taking away his leverage. Then, Castiel drapes himself over Dean’s back, weighing him down even further, and Dean moans when he realizes that he’s not the one in charge anymore.
Lisa hesitates, then shrugs. “I don’t know. I mean… I thought so. Until recently.” She looks away, then, staring out the bay window. How she can look at direct sunlight like that after all the tequila she had, Dean doesn’t know. “All I know for sure is that I don’t like this.”
After a moment, Dean blinks rapidly and takes a breath before reaching for the remote and putting the movie on pause. “You said you fell in love with me at the concert,” he murmurs. Castiel shakes his head.
of those feelings. I don’t...” He swallows, now pointedly staring at his shoes. “I don’t know if we’re on the same page, here, y’know?”
“I don’t. I did, but I don’t anymore,” Castiel confesses. “I had this idea in my head that we have all these milestones to hit, and since I might not see you this summer, I decided we needed to get through this one now, before I go home.”
Castiel huffs in annoyance, dropping his chin down to rest against the pink marble that makes up the breakfast bar. The arm that’s not busy holding his Blackberry is spread out in front of him, and he wonders why he bothered calling Meg after all.
Castiel hesitates, thinking it over. Yeah, he was concerned about having his first kiss, about whether or not he wanted to kiss a girl he doesn’t particularly care for, but that doesn’t mean he wanted Dean to take the spot. “So it was Bela, or you?” He says slowly, squinting at Dean. “I thought you just said I’d have hundreds of opportunities, I didn’t need you taking that choice away from me?”
“Drink slow,” Castiel warns when Dean has been gulping for a little too long. “You’ll get sick. Little sips will be fine.”
“It was fun,” Michael interjects, sending Gabriel a reprimanding look. “It sounded like a nice gesture, and I was glad for the opportunity to make things right with Dean.”
Castiel could really go for some cuddling right now. A thought darts through his mind, that if Dean were here and offering, Castiel would probably reject him, and he can’t help the resigned sadness that sits on his chest, because it’s probably true.
“Please tell me you don’t drive this anywhere but around Sileas,” Cas comments, his eyes glittering. Dean bites his lower lip and shrugs; he actually takes it out to Astoria and Seaside pretty regularly, but Cas doesn’t need to know that, or the reasons why. Not yet.
“He’s trying to marry me off,” Dean admits in a rush. Castiel stills behind him, but doesn’t interrupt. “He doesn’t want me on the throne, so he’s been trying to match me up with whatever alpha wants to take me, but so far he’s been unsuccessful.”
But when Dean turns to smile at him, when he sees Cas smiling back, he can only think that this is just the beginning of something grand.
“Probably,” Castiel whispers back, kissing the freckle-covered junction of neck and shoulder before tucking Dean tighter against his chest. “But we’re just going to lay like this for a while. Okay?”
“With Inias, I was struggling so much that we just decided he should penetrate me, and I didn’t like it.”
"No." Missouri smiles slightly. "But giving him space, waiting for him to be ready, not pushing him? He'll appreciate that, and might come to you sooner."
But Dean’s eyes, even when focused elsewhere, reveal so much. He doesn’t have to say a word for Castiel to realize that Dean is replaying that summer two years ago, and beating himself up inside over everything he did to his family, to Lisa, to Castiel.
The silence drags out for a while, as Dean turns things over in his brain until everything’s all in knots and he can’t think straight. Victor suggests heading back, and Dean and Bela agree. As soon as they turn around, however, Bela stretches her arms above her head and says, “I’m a little jealous of Cas and Meg too, so it’s okay.”
“So it’s not just a simple meaning for each card,” Gilda says, picking up the one closest to her. “It varies based on the question?”
Castiel’s heartbeat picks up so rapidly that it makes him dizzy, and maybe that’s why he can’t tell whether it’s fear or excitement. That’s the norm these days, unfortunately, so Castiel just rubs the back of his neck and tries to sit still as they pull into the parking lot.
After breakfast, the whole family treks to the front room to sit in front of the tree once again. As Mary starts to pass out gifts, Dean tilts his head, lips pouted thoughtfully.
“I… I suppose?” For a strange moment, they just stare at each other. It’s only broken when Charlie starts to laugh.
Alastair won’t be pleased when Dean tells him his new prize bull isn’t willing to fight tonight, but it’s just this once. Just to show Lisa his ‘job,’ help her understand the way Cas does. Because it’s not fair that Cas knows this and Lisa doesn’t. Because he’s supposed to be in love with Lisa, right? And that means he trusts her.
It’s not the sketch from the redwood forest, which Castiel was half-expecting to see. It’s not Kyriel and Jensen either. It’s just the two of them, Dean and Castiel, smiling at one another, and the love and affection between them is so obvious. Castiel doesn’t know how Dean does it, captures little details and shapes in pencil that make it so clear who these people are and how they feel about one another. It’s a talent that would be a shame to waste, and Castiel hopes he can get that across to Dean, somehow.
“Okay,” Dean says, grabbing his book and holding it tight to his chest as he inches towards the door. “Can I call you, at least? If you’re not going to stay in town?”
Beside him, Cas practically lights up. Like he’s been dying to tell this story, even though he’s probably already told it to Charlie and Jo and Pam and anyone else who’d listen. Dean immediately regrets asking.
Castiel rubs his hands over his face and shakes his head. “It is the truth. We’re not boyfriends. We haven’t slept together. I do…” he swallows and lowers his hands, and the words hurt as they leave his throat and enter the air: “I do have feelings for Dean. As he does for me. But like I said. It’s complicated.”
When Dean doesn’t respond, Castiel peers through his fingers to see a fond sort of smile sitting on Dean’s lips. Castiel blushes behind his palms, embarrassed, as Dean puts his sketchbook down and crawls over to Castiel’s side of the window, gently gripping Castiel’s hands and tugging them out of the way, leaning down to press a kiss to Castiel’s forehead.
Dean is quiet, but when Castiel glances at him, he sees a twitch in his jaw that indicates he’s listening.
“I wanted to talk to you. Just, clear the air a little.” Aaron smiles slightly. “I’ve heard through the grapevine that you and Dean have been fighting, and I thought it might help if you understood what went on with us.”
Castiel still doesn't know what his place in the family business will be, but he's resigned himself to it for so long that he can't imagine doing anything else. He likes reading, and he likes running, but what kind of career can be made from-
“Well, now I know what it means to get the vapors,” Jo says, fanning herself. Pamela throws her hands in the air, wiggling her fingers towards the sky, gesture so reminiscent of the more over-exuberant attendees at Uncle Zach’s sermons that Castiel has to laugh.
Naomi glances over her shoulder, then nods briefly. “I’ll leave you alone if you’re quiet, but the door will remain ajar.” She narrows her eyes and points a finger at Castiel’s chest. “Do you understand?”
But then Hannah swings the door open, and Dean is standing there, the smile on his face slowly transforming into confusion as he attempts to process what he’s seeing.
After a few moments, Cas shuts his laptop and sets it aside, relaxing back into the couch with his hands folded over his stomach. Dean lifts his eye and cocks an eyebrow at him, which puts a small smile on Cas’s face.
Carefully, Castiel bows, keeping his expression neutral, and allows Dean to introduce him. “Dad, this is Castiel,” and Dean sounds nervous, so Castiel tries not to let that make
“No!” Dean answers. Cas glances up to see Balthazar still curiously watching him from the kitchen entryway. Frowning, Cas turns back to his laptop, finalizing the purchase of his plane tickets. “No, you can stay at our place, we’ve got the room.”
“You okay?” Dean’s eyes are soft and green, and his fingers are gentle when they brush through the hair at Castiel’s temple. The gesture releases some of the tension in Castiel’s shoulders so he can sigh and respond.
But there are so many people here, strangers who could laugh or jeer, and what if Sam or Gabe or Anna or Jo stumbles out of the crowd just in time to catch them? Not to mention, Cas doesn’t really want Dean to kiss him. And he’s got something going on with Bela, which Dean has never been brave enough to ask for clarification on. And Lisa, of course. He’s already kissed Cas twice while in a relationship with Lisa, and at some point the line has to be drawn, even if they don’t mean anything.
Dean cringes at his own words being thrown back in his face. She’s right. Cas deserves to be surrounded by people who will listen to him and make him laugh and keep him happy. He doesn’t deserve Dean and his baggage and his shitty attitude.
obviously i am incredibly sorry about the ridiculous delay! i want to assure you that i never stopped thinking about this fic or feeling guilty for keeping everyone waiting. things happened that were beyond my control and made it difficult to work on the fic - more info is at the end notes. i want to thank
Still, she’s right. They’re at the hotel before he knows it, and he had forgotten about the large parking lot he would have had to cross if he’d walked. So he’s honest when he thanks Mildred as she pulls under the overhang, and she smiles at him again when he climbs out of the car with his still-warm bag of food. But, when he goes to close the door, she makes a strange noise, and reaches over to open the dashboard, pulling out a stack of cards and waving one in Castiel’s direction. Curious, he takes it.
After a moment, Dean texts back a series of question marks, but Castiel doesn’t want to ease his confusion. It’s hard enough parsing through his own.
“Look that up when you get home. It’ll make you feel more comfortable with the idea of a muse.” Sonny laughs, like he’s told some hilarious joke, but Dean doesn’t get it. He’s still a little too stunned by Sonny’s easy acceptance.
“You sure it’s out here, brother?” Benny drawls when Charlie pauses to take a sip of water from her flask. “Are you sure the whole thing wasn’t-”
Cas scowls and shoves Dean back. “You’re so fucking obtuse, Dean,” he snaps. “You’re so fucking blinded by all of this…” He makes an incoherent noise, running his hands through his hair. “I asked you over here for comfort, so I could have a friend to lean on while I try to figure out what to do about Lucifer, and this is how you’re going to be?”
Dean clears his throat as he puts the truck in reverse and starts to back out. “You could come too. No one would mind.”
“Say it ain’t so, Dean!” She’s openly laughing now. “I never would’ve guessed! It’s not like you have sex dreams about the guy or anything!”
Dean shrugs, leaning back on his hands to soak up the sun’s heat. He looks like a young god, stretched out like this, explosions of freckles all over his chest and belly and thighs… though most of them are still covered with drying come. Castiel has the decency to blush when he realizes this, and turns his head away.
Something buzzes on the nightstand behind him, and Castiel rolls over to frown at his phone. It’s after two in the morning, but the phone keeps vibrating away, so Castiel reaches for it and stares at the screen.
Castiel hesitates, but finally decides that maybe a taste of real information (real gossip) might get her on his side. “It won’t take long to get used to it again.” When she looks at him, eyebrows raised, he clarifies, “I lived in a castle once.”
“I don’t care.” Cas’s hands drop, gripping the bedspread. Now he’s almost rocking, his gaze still focused on the floor. “I don’t want anymore fighting, okay?”
The dates have been wonderful, like a dream, but Castiel doesn’t want a dream. He doesn’t want the nightmare of Dean’s depression and alcoholism. He doesn’t want this to be so forced and he doesn’t want to be so afraid and he doesn’t want to feel like his affection for Dean is some sort of weakness that can be used against him.
“Not that I’ve heard about.” Charlie shakes her head, leaning back in her chair as Dean comes back and shuts the car’s hood. “Dean, I’ve told you, like, a thousand times. He hasn’t been on MySpace that much anyway, and he always avoids answering that question when I e-mail him. To be honest, he’s probably not all that eager to come back. You know that, right?”
“We’ll get somebody to help you at the castle,” Charlie steps in, guiding Castiel back over to the horses. “If we leave now, you’ll have plenty of time to change and get cleaned up there.”
Mary’s eyes light up with interest, at the same time John lifts his head to study Castiel. “You’ve lived in a castle before?” Mary asks, overlapped by John’s gruff demand, “What the hell were you doing on your own for so long anyway?”
Dean lifts his head, surprised. Cas isn’t smiling anymore; he’s looking out at the ocean, eyes distant. “‘M fine,” Dean says, then rubs at his face. “D’you wanna come inside for a minute?”
Victor, though, is scowling, clearly unimpressed. “Laugh it up, fuzzball,” he snaps, which only makes Charlie laugh harder.
“You weren’t together,” Anna says slowly, putting a hand over Castiel’s, and he’s probably going to lose it on the next person who speaks to him like he can’t remember simple facts. “Dean was -and still is!- a free agent. You can’t be mad at him for that.”
open, Castiel steps forward first, then turns to drag Dean in by the collar of his shirt, pulling him close enough to plant a kiss on his nose just before the doors slide shut.
“It’s just like I pictured him. Trenchcoat and everything.” Castiel laughs softly, and Dean runs a hand through his hair, eyes cast downwards.
“No!” Dean removes his hand from Cas’s shirt, instead lifting it to grip Cas’s chin, forcing him to meet Dean’s eyes. “We can’t just put a band-aid over it and move on! It’ll fester and get infected and eventually you won’t be able to trust me and I’ll never believe that you’ve really forgiven me, and we’ll never see each other again, and I don’t
“You know as well as I do,” Castiel says gingerly, “that nothing is more important to Dean than family. That includes your father.”
“Every one of them.” Cas grins, his teeth glowing in the light of the Roadhouse behind them. “Even the Ewok you sent me for Christmas. Uriel especially liked that one.”
“Great!” This exclamation is followed by muffled noises, probably Charlie conferring with Jo, before her voice comes back on the line, “Is two good for you?”
But Lucifer, a senior then, had taken up for his younger brother. Introduced him to important friends, led him to study groups, and even encouraged him to try for track and field. As a freshman, Cas could only make second string, but he plans to practice and run every day this summer, and impress everyone come August. And that's all thanks to Lucifer.
Jo rolls her eyes again, but relents, letting Gilda draw her into a conversation about audio workstations and editing programs. Pam briefly meets Dean’s eyes, giving him a slight smile tinged with sympathy, but Dean turns away from her, shrugging her off.
“Well, you’re still underage, Dean,” she points out. “There’s only so much they can have you do, and only for so long.”
The room is almost bare, bathed in golden light. There are no curtains or lace, just an open window and a mattress with a few sheets. Cas has wings again, but they’re larger now, and colored white with a few silvery strays. They’re flared up towards the ceiling as he mouths at Dean’s cock, and Dean watches the feathers shiver from behind his eyelashes.
“If you don’t get your butt to our house for dinner tonight, I’m coming up there and dragging you out.”
Gabriel raises an eyebrow, then shrugs and shakes his head. “I might just go down to the Best Western and get a room to sleep in.”
It takes a moment and another knock before he hears rustling on the other side of the door, and Dean’s voice comes through the wood: “You’re supposed to do the bit from Tommy Boy.”
He doesn’t realize until he’s standing at the door to his hotel room that he forgot to bring a room key. Groaning softly and cursing himself, he knocks and hopes that Dean’s awake and not in the shower.
Finally, the alpha smiles, and though it’s small, it still reaches his eyes, and Dean considers that a victory. “Seven years.”
Dean actually feels pretty nervous at the prospect, afraid of pushing Cas away when he wants to draw him in, but he smiles anyway, trying for fake confidence. Missouri smiles back and shakes her head, as if she can see right through him, then checks her watch.
“Well, you said yourself that all the trouble you’ve gotten into this summer has been of your own making. And when I asked Michael why he told you not to see Dean, he didn’t come up with a very good answer.”
?” He shakes his head, throwing both hands in the air in frustration. “He can’t be a prince of the kingdom if there’s always a chance that he might turn tail and run!”
The rest of it may be complicated, but that much is simple. And as long as they have this, that love that ties them together, maybe they can pull through the rest.
Dean rolls his eyes and sighs, but shuts his notebook and starts to take it into the kitchen. "Don't press play until I get back."
John, however, disagrees. He snaps his fingers, summoning a pretty beta to his side. “Lisa, would you escort Castiel back to his room, please.”
Lisa hesitates. “Well. I never have before,” she says, forcing a smile. “Gotta live a little, right?” She glances over her shoulder, then takes one of the red plastic cups off the table, pouring a small amount of rum in the bottom before reaching for the cola. “Your boss lets you drink?”
“I could introduce you,” he offers. Most of these people aren’t friends so much as classmates he’s friendly with, or kids he’s seen hanging around Jo at the Roadhouse after school. It’s enough to keep Cas from becoming a wallflower, but Cas just smiles slightly and shakes his head.
Castiel squints, standing up straight. Missouri is a familiar name, but he can’t put his finger on where he’s heard it before.
“Shut up,” Dean growls back, clutching his hands in his hair and trying to keep his hips from moving. His underpants are almost painful now, but with a strange alpha around, he doesn’t really feel comfortable taking them off.
are coming to ours for lunch. As in, Senator Talbot, from Massachusetts? My family spends time with very important people, and I’m expected to do so as well.”
He’s tried calling Cas a few more times, but still hasn’t gotten a response. Now, apparently, it’s Lisa going out, trying to clean up Dean’s messes, and Dean doesn’t like it anymore than he did when Cas was doing it.
He hesitates, staring at the tiny screen. He wants to tell Dean how hopeless this is, that the two of them together are a bad idea, that Castiel isn’t strong enough to risk his heart, but he’s not strong enough to turn away from Dean either.
“So we’re gonna be surrounded by punk raccoons?” Dean groans. “This is gonna be worse than I thought.”
While Cas is distracted by Dean’s tongue in his mouth, Dean reaches back down and undoes the button on his own jeans, unzips, tugs his own cock out and gives it a few strokes. He’s not quite coordinated enough to work both hands at once, so in a fit of frustration, he moves as far up Cas’s lap as he can get, until their cocks slot together. Cas pulls out of the kiss in shock, looking down between them just in time to see Dean wrap his hand around both of them at once. Cas’s hips jerk into the touch, as much as he can under Dean’s weight, but then he leans forward again, panting heavily as he stares down at the sight, apparently hypnotized. Dean’s breathing is getting erratic now too, and he leaves a few wet kisses on Cas’s ear.
And Castiel is so weak. He's a puddle of useless gooey mush for this freckle-faced boy with paint and motor oil under his fingernails. And Dean looks so
Dean whines a little more, then eats a little more, then finally manages to find his voice. “Aren’t you supposed to be at work?”
“Do me a favor, short stuff, and go get my sketchbook from the kitchen and bring it out here,” Dean says. “Gimme a minute with Cas.”
Anna blinks at him, eyes wide and searching. She’s grown a little, her body filling out, but her face is still so young and doll-like. She clears her throat and points at the cup at Dean’s feet. “Do you want me to throw that away for you?”
So why is he so hurt by this? There’s something ugly and twisting in his chest, making it hard to breathe, because he can’t stop seeing those pictures in his head: Cas nipping at Meg’s shoulder, his hips thrusting between her legs. Once upon a time, Dean had seen a place for Lisa in his fantasies, even the ones with Cas. Now, with Meg here, he can’t find a place for himself.
“True,” Charlie says, pointing her hairbrush at Dean. “The story’s about love, but there are many different kinds of love.”
“Don’t call me,” she says as she turns back around and storms up the stairs. Dean takes a step after her, but stops himself when she hits the boardwalk and starts to run. A part of him desperately wants to chase her down, make her listen, maybe kiss her and try to prove how much he cares about her. The more rational part of him recognizes that that is probably a bad idea, and maybe she does just need a little space.
Maybe he’s wrong, though. He hasn’t seen Cas since before his ‘epiphany,’ so maybe he’s just misjudging this whole situation. Maybe he’s not really ‘bisexual’ or whatever.
Castiel raises his eyebrows, surprised. “Oh. Well.” Then this little adventure is truly all about Castiel. About Dean wanting to check on his friend and keep him company during a dark time in his life. And Castiel is truly touched. “Meet me at the front door.”
“Cas does, though,” she says finally, and her quiet voice almost seems to echo in Dean’s ears. “Cas cares a lot.”
“Cas?” Dean grunts. Cas doesn’t respond, still trying to pull him across the sand. Drunk kids are turning to watch, pointing and laughing, and Dean struggles against Cas’s hold. “Cas, what the fuck, let me go!”
Bela stops walking, turning to study Castiel. She crosses her arms over her chest, and while Castiel impatiently waits for her response, he takes the chance to appraise her as well. She’s dressed down tonight, but still lovely in white Daisy Dukes and a dark green t-shirt that sits invitingly on her curves. Castiel tilts his head, suddenly intent on the contrast between her golden skin and the white denim, and it’s only when she snaps her fingers in his face that he realizes she was speaking to him. “I’m sorry, what?”
Dean watches him closely for a moment, then turns away, fiddling with something in his lap. “Are you dating Bela?” he asks. Castiel laughs without thinking.
“Okay,” Dean whispers, stroking Castiel’s hair as the alpha pushes the gate open with his hip, then kicks it closed behind him. Impala nickers somewhere nearby, and when Castiel tells her to shoo, Dean is surprised when she actually listens, slowly sauntering off into the forest. Before Dean can ask, Castiel is shifting his weight, settling Dean down in the grass next to a patch of blue flowers.
Castiel blinks slowly, surprised, as Dean helps him to stand. After Dean’s anger, after his silence, he’s still going to try and protect Castiel? A spark flickers in Castiel’s chest, and though it’s small, it spreads quickly, and is far more comforting than anything he’s ever felt with Bela.
“Okay.” Cas sighs a little, and Dean hates the wall that’s been built between them. “I’ll see you then.”
“Cas is going back to school soon,” Dean tries, and his voice sounds hoarse. “He won’t be a problem anymore.”
Slowly, she lowers her hands until her round eyes are situated above her fingertips. The wind rustles her hair, and silence falls heavy around them, bringing with it Dean’s guilt, now a thousand times heavier. He stares back at her, confused, trying to understand what’s gone wrong.
Dean grins helplessly, draping an arm over his eyes. “That’s sweet, but that’s not what I meant.” His heat is starting to flicker through his bloodstream again, sweat gathering at his temples, but it’s still early. Mostly just a pleasant burn, if not a little insistent.
“Don’t be embarrassed,” Mary says as she pulls two brightly colored mugs down from the cabinet. “You’re both adults, and I respect that you’re going to make your own choices.”
And for the first time, it occurs to Castiel that none of his newfound friends even considered that he might be from such a different world.
Dean kisses his mouth this time, moving his hands to Castiel’s back, pressing close. Dean’s hold is easy, natural, but Castiel clings to his face, his shirt, his arms, holding onto this solid certainty for as long as he can.
“Oh,” Castiel says, unable to mask his disappointment. Dean can’t blame him; if what he was saying is true, then it must be awfully lonely living out here. What makes somebody want to live all by themselves, essentially exiled from all human interaction? Especially someone as warm-hearted as Castiel?
“Nope,” Dean says, pulling the zipper down and reaching inside. Warmth envelopes Dean’s hand, and Cas inhales sharply when Dean’s fingers find his cock. Dean’s mouth goes dry - God, he’s touching another guy’s dick. But that other guy is Cas, and Dean swallows, closing his eyes as he shifts back to give himself enough room to pull Cas’s cock out and give it a few experimental strokes.
Castiel as an angel dressed in gold, reaching towards the sky, powerful and sensual at the same time.
. If they really can move on from everything that’s happened before, if he can forgive Dean his sins and if Dean keeps patiently reeling Castiel back in when he tries to push them apart, then maybe someday they could have something beautiful. It’s unfair to ask them to hide it all, to temper it down, just because of Castiel’s famous relative.
Anna rolls her eyes, but gives up anyway. Growing up with four older brothers, and the hierarchy that comes with it, she’d learned to pick her battles long ago. It’s an older sibling’s duty to be a little annoying. But Castiel had to put up with Michael, Gabriel and Lucifer just as much as Anna did, and usually finds himself not wanting to bother her too much. He knew what it was like.
“He has a girlfriend now, Dean,” Jo says, tone dripping with exasperation. “Maybe he wants to do something besides hang out with nerds all night.”
“No, that’s all right, it’s a short walk.” She smiles again and waves good-bye to everyone. Jo and Sam don’t even notice, but Charlie finally lowers her book to her lap and cocks an eyebrow at Dean.
Castiel thinks about it for a moment, but it’s an easy decision. “Can I hold you?” he says as he crawls onto the bed. Dean raises his brows, so Castiel takes point, moving to lean against the wall and spreading his legs for Dean to rest in between. Then, he wraps his arms around Dean’s waist and sighs, dropping his chin to Dean’s shoulder.
Dean raises his eyebrows as she pulls her blouse on, and holds his hands up. “What did Cas ever do to you?”
Dean shrugs. “Sure, if that’s what you want to call it.” He pats his belly and winks at Cas. “I must be getting full marks.”
It doesn’t really matter, he supposes. Dean had told him not to make plans, so whatever his siblings are up to, whatever they’re hiding from him, it’s going to have to wait until after his date. Which will probably be Dean narrating trivia in his ear while they watch the Dark Knight, followed by dinner at the Roadhouse. Maybe Jo, Charlie, and Pam will even join them.
By the time Dean and Jo pull up to Charlie’s house, Dean is pretty sure that Jo’s figured out what’s waiting for her inside. She yells in delight anyway, when the lights come on and everyone starts singing the Happy Birthday song, then disappears to greet everyone. Dean chuckles to himself, and scans the crowd for Cas or Charlie, and finds Cas first, leaning against the wall with a red Solo cup in his hand.
Charlie draws back and smiles at him. Her eyes are shiny, but the smile is real, so Dean returns it. “Thanks, Dean,” she says quietly, stepping back out of his reach. She picks up the DVD again and sighs. “So. Do you want to watch it with me?”
But Castiel won’t think about that now. He’ll set it aside and squeeze Charlie’s shoulder, and when Anna decides to join Sam and his new friend on the field, Castiel follows the girls over to the swings. They both fit perfectly, their toes scraping the sand when they sit, but Castiel just feels awkward with his long legs stretched out in front of him.
And Lucifer’s expression changes from confused to disgusted. “You’ve been spending all day with a bunch of townie hooligans?” he says in a low voice, eyebrows furrowed. “Why?”
Castiel realizes then that his lips are parted, his jaw having dropped in surprise, and he pulls his hand away from Dean’s to run it through his hair. “God
“Daddy thinks we’re going to the movies,” Bela says, once they’re on the road. She’s talking to her compact again, touching up her lipstick, since apparently she prefers to look at her own face instead of her companion’s. “He doesn’t actually care too much what I get up to, so long as it’s with a name he recognizes.” She puts the lipstick away, pulls out a tissue to blot with. “So we’ve got all night, darling.”
get my text?” Dean asks, stepping closer, and the hope threatening to crest in his voice is too much for Castiel to resist.
“Is this because of my name?” Castiel asks, taking Dean’s other hand and allowing himself to be led in a circle. “Or Kyriel? Because it’s not funny.”
Dean takes his hand and squeezes it once they’re in view of the bonfire, and he’s smiling gently when Castiel turns to look at him. “We’re good,” he says quietly. “That’s all that matters.”
“Will you…” Castiel swallows. “Will you come meet him?” Chuck raises an eyebrow, and Castiel turns his gaze towards his hands, fiddling with the end of his shirt as he quietly continues, “He’s a fan of your books.”
Still, Dean swallows and nods. “I’d like that,” he says honestly, and Cas pulls away with a grin wide enough to crinkle his eyes.
Naomi makes an indignant noise, her hands clenching at her sides, though she’s still the put-together image of power: her fists line up perfectly with her pleats, and though her blue eyes are blazing, that’s the only indication of how genuinely angry she is. She directs her glare at Michael, a silent command, then turns on her heel to go back into the house. Michael is frowning in Castiel’s direction, though Castiel is surprised to realize he doesn’t care.
and figured something out behind my back.” Jo tightens her jaw and shakes her head. “That’s not how friendship works.”
Then, that train of thought takes a weird turn, coinciding with Dean’s dreams, and images of Cas naked and spread out on a couch or the floor flash through Dean’s head.
Cas chuckles quietly, which makes Dean smile. Charlie leans up against his shoulder, peering down at the drawing. “Is that Clementine?” she asks.
“I know.” But Dean’s expression doesn’t change, so Castiel offers up his sweetest smile, gripping Dean’s arm and pulling him away from the bonfire, towards a rather physical game of frisbee taking place a little closer to the water, and leaving Jo and Victor the only ones still dancing.
And before Castiel can even start typing out a response, his phone is buzzing in his hand, the little screen flashing white before bringing up Dean’s name. Castiel raises his eyebrows, surprised, as he answers.
But Michael has been a patriarchal presence in Castiel’s life ever since their father’s first novel became a bestseller and led to his increased absence in their lives. Their mother has always been in and out; her brother is a well-known televangelist preacher, and she took up the mantle of manager around the time Lucifer was born, so Castiel and Anna can’t remember a time where she spent more than a few days with them before flying off to Uncle Zach’s next film location. Michael is the one who ensures they haven’t died or hurt one another during the day, who has control over the money their parents allow them to use for fun and for food, as well as their college funds. It’s true, that sometimes the power goes to his head, but it’s better than having no one at all.
He’s going to have to figure out how to talk about this, and find the courage to do so. To make Dean listen. And the only thing that gives him any comfort is the hope that Dean is right, that talking about it will help, and they’ll finally be able to move forward from this disaster.
Cas responds almost instantly, pressing his chest against Dean’s and wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. He darts his tongue out to lick at Dean’s lower lip, sighing when Dean catches on and realizes that holy shit, yeah, they can do that now, and their mouths open enough to slide their tongues together.
Dean cringes and rubs a hand over his face. “Yeah. That makes sense.” A selfish part of him wonders how Cas would feel if he knew how much this rejection hurt Dean, but he swallows that down, keeps it firmly to himself. Cas has a girlfriend. He’s not going to be interested in Dean’s weird little crush.
“Shut up,” Dean pouts. Charlie laughs outright, hiding it behind her hand when Dean turns to glare at her. Cas just smiles, that soft, small smile that looks so angelic but is actually just a perfect mask for his natural ability to be a little shit.
That could work, except Castiel is sure at some point he would forget, or he wouldn’t do it soon enough, and who knows what Michael would do then? “Okay, then what’s your point?”
Once they reach the stream, Castiel gently sets Dean down on the embankment, before sliding into the water. He hesitates before resting a hand on Dean’s knee and smiling at him. “Are you okay to come in with me?”
“Dean Winchester?” Naomi interrupts, and suddenly Michael appears at her shoulder. “That’s the boy you’ve been telling me about, isn’t it?” Michael nods quickly, turning to Castiel and imitating their mother’s little smile. Like Castiel, Michael favors their tall, dark-haired grandfather when it comes to appearance, but it’s moments like these where his more maternal influences start to appear.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he ends up cupping both of Castiel’s hands in his own, rubbing his thumbs over Castiel’s knuckles. Warmth spreads from Castiel’s ears and neck to the tips of his fingers and swoops through his belly as he smiles at the sight.
Castiel frowns, leaning back over the counter and wincing when something digs into his shoulderblades. “That’s not your job,” he says as he turns to see what was digging into him: the notebook Dean was doodling in. His eyes dart to Dean, whose back is still turned, and carefully opens the book to the first page.
She only stares at him, so Castiel nods and shifts the omega’s weight in his arms, holding his breath so as not to inhale too much of that delicious scent. It’s a futile effort; the omega will probably be holing up in his cottage, in his bed, until the worst of the heat passes, so he’ll be exposed to that scent for at least a day or two. But, if he can show restraint now, it gives him hope that he can continue to do so for as long as necessary.
“You know how we feel about you hanging out with that creep Alastair, Dean, but you keep doing it, and now it’s going to affect your future? Why do you do this to yourself?” Her change in tone happens so quickly it catches Dean off-guard. One moment she’s furious, and the next she’s practically weeping. This time Dean does look at Cas, but Cas isn’t looking at him anymore. Cas’s eyes are turned toward the sky, thoughtful and lost, and Dean randomly thinks about drawing him, just like this, asking Cas to hold that pose and sketching him for a few hours. But Charlie is crying over him and Dean can’t ignore that, no matter how much he wants to.
“You’re ticklish,” Dean mumbles into the skin, dragging his fingernails over Cas’s stomach, laughing when the muscles jump once again.
Castiel tightens his jaw, but sits up, moving his legs to allow Naomi a seat on the edge of his bed. For a long moment, she just stares at him, and Castiel stares back expectantly, waiting for her to make the first move.
He’s already twisting the key in the ignition when Cas makes a quiet, frustrated noise and swears, “Dammit, Dean, don’t play this game with me. Just get up here and we’ll talk, okay? You’re already here, right? Why waste the gas in your piece of shit truck?”
Dean presses the heels of his hands against his forehead, eyes screwed shut, trying to control his breathing. That’s the truth. That’s it. That’s all there is to it.
before. Cas had said he thought Lisa didn’t like him, but since she’d reacted so well when Cas talked to her about the kiss, Dean had figured that wasn’t true. Seeing her react like this, especially after Cas has been essentially
Castiel shushes him, kisses him again, but Dean grabs his shoulders and gently pushes him away. He brushes his thumb over Castiel’s brow bone and whispers, “I don’t want you pushing yourself again, honey.”
She raises her eyebrows and gives him another sweeping glance, and Castiel silently congratulates himself for throwing her off balance as well. To her credit, she quickly covers it up with a smile. “Lucky boyfriend.” Castiel finally laughs softly, and her smile grows. “I’m Mildred.”
It’s kind of jarring, to finally have a word for this constant itch to be around Cas, the thing that pushes him to always think of Cas first when he has a problem.
Castiel flips his Blackberry over in his hand a few more times, staring out the window. The weather is perfect today, blue skies with a nice breeze, and he woke up feeling brave for some reason.
Dean gently shoves his mother away from the stove with a brilliant smile. Mary kisses his temple, and squeezes Cas’s shoulder as she passes him.
As soon as Dean wakes up, he’s gagging again, off and running for the downstairs bathroom. He makes it just in time, spending several minutes throwing up stuff he doesn’t even remember eating, then another several minutes with his forehead pressed to the porcelain, waiting for his stomach to stop turning somersaults.
“Sheriff Mills, ma’am,” Jody says, her voice stiff and professional. Naomi raises an eyebrow and starts to turn back to her son, but Jody laughs disarmingly. “Cas hasn’t done anything wrong, ma’am, I’m sorry if I startled you. He lives so much further from the beach than the other kids, I thought he’d appreciate a ride.”
alphas, care about that. Frankly, I don’t. Your strength and will impressed me from day one, Dean of Winchester, and I would be happy to mate you, if you would have me.”
That smile stays on her face for the rest of the day, until Mary comes home to find Charlie tucked under Dean’s arm while they watch
“This ain’t about us, though,” Benny says pointedly, earning himself a glare from Dean. “Don’t give me that look. Stop procrastinating and tell him.”
The truth is, Dean is confused. He can’t tell himself that he doesn’t like kissing Cas anymore. Not after what happened at the concert. He knows he’s not gay, though, regardless of both the real-life kisses and the dream sex, so he’s not sure what’s happening. He’d rather not think about it, honestly.
,” Castiel says with a roll of his eyes. “And you’d never shown an interest in guys, outside of kissing me a few times.” Dean pulls his arms free of Castiel’s grip to gesture silently, as if that should have been clue enough, which actually makes Castiel frown. “Don’t be like that.
He hopes that Lucifer really is safe and happy. He hopes his family stays together. He hopes that Dean gets up the courage to talk to that girl and they go on dates and really like each other. He hopes that next summer comes soon, that his friends will still want to see him.
This is a huge task to ask of Castiel, but at the same time, hasn’t he already taken it upon himself to take care of Dean? He chose his major based on nothing more than how easy it would be to get a job with either his uncle or his father and start making good money so that he can provide for Dean and their future family. So that Dean can live a real life and make all the art he wants without worrying about money ever again.
Castiel rounds on Charlie, who holds her hands up and cringes when she sees his expression. “Is he one of them?”
Dean holds up his hands in surrender, and starts walking back towards the driver’s side. “Call me when you land, honey!” he shouts, then laughs when Castiel scowls at him.
“Cas, it’s not like that!” Dean reaches over and grabs Castiel’s hand, and his own is warm and strong and Castiel is
before Cas pulls the phone back towards his chest, and frowns at Dean. “Not your business,” he whispers.
“Gabe showed me how to get up here,” Cas says quietly, following Dean’s gaze. “I don’t even know how he figured it out, but I’m glad he did.”
He shifts back, pressing his shoulderblades against Castiel’s chest. Castiel gasps, that warm expanse of skin almost too much to bear, but Dean hums softly and reaches to pull Castiel’s arm around his waist, keeping him close. “I could use a little cold,” Dean yawns, nestling into Castiel’s arms like he belongs there, and Castiel really doesn’t want to think about that. Just like he doesn’t want to think about Dean’s ass pressed up against his groin.
Castiel blinks, slightly dumbfounded. He was literally just ogling her, and that’s what she comes up with? “What?”
Castiel leans over, hands on his knees, and tries to catch his breath. This isn’t exhaustion, it’s something else, something more terrifying, and Dean’s hand remains a warm anchor on his shoulder until Castiel can speak again. “Michael caught me leaving.”
Lisa raises an eyebrow and slaps Dean’s arm. “Don’t hold back now,” she scolds. “I actually feel really bad for missing it, so spill.”
Castiel chances a glance at his brother, and is surprised by how young Michael looks right now. He’s only twenty-four, but between the parental role and the six year age difference, Castiel never realized that his oldest brother isn’t quite an adult yet. Not really. He’s good at maintaining distance and being aloof and poised, but any Milton child could claim that. Now, Michael’s eyes are wide and hopeful, his stance hunched and defensive, and this contradiction humanizes him more than anything. It tears away the suit and tie and business speak and reveals Castiel’s cool big brother, the one with the voice like an angel, even if it took a while to convince him that voice was worth sharing.
When he finally exits the bathroom, after brushing his teeth and finally washing all the dried blood off his face, he’s immediately hit with the smell of grease cooking, and it makes his stomach roll again. The groan he lets out makes Mary’s face appear in the archway, and she smirks when his eyes widen in surprise. “You’re gonna thank me for this,” she says as Dean slowly shuffles into the kitchen. “Not that you don’t deserve this hangover, because you definitely do, but hey, I’m your mom. I’m supposed to take care of you.” She plates some bacon and hash browns as Dean takes a seat at the island, then smiles serenely as she shoves the food under his nose. “Even when you make terrible decisions and scare the shit out of everyone who loves you.”
Dean clears his throat. Castiel is pretty sure that, in better lighting, he’d be able to see a very pretty blush on Dean’s cheeks. “Because,” Dean begins, pauses, then tries again, “Because that’s kind of what it feels like when you look at me, sometimes.”
It’s because Dean’s alone. It’s because Jo hates him and he pushed Charlie away and Lisa dumped him and he dumped Cas. Because Dean can’t even protect them from afar anymore. Because there’s something dark and deep inside him, and sometimes it aches, but mostly he just wants to retreat into it as an escape, as a way to hide from everything that’s gone wrong.
“Say whatever you want to say, Cas,” he says, rubbing at his arm. “If you’re pissed or whatever, just say it. We’ll work it out.”
“Go on,” Dean says, and though Bela is still pouting, she picks up her shoes and heads off after Lilith’s light. Dean exhales slowly through his nose before he starts walking. Castiel finds that he can walk better than he can stand, but Dean might still be the only thing keeping him upright.
“Are you ready?” Aaron asks. Castiel cringes and gestures for him to go on. “You can wipe that look off your face, ‘cause this is gonna be short and sweet on my end.”
Sam’s frown deepens, and he glances at Castiel, who is surprised by Sam’s hesitance but also grateful for it. At least he won't be the only one turning Jo down.
clothes. Didn’t you bring your-” she stops, then frantically shakes her hands next to her head. “Never mind. Never mind. I’ll pick something out, you take a shower.”
But after the way Lisa reacted when Dean told her about the kiss at Jo’s party, and now that he suspects Cas told her about the other kisses, he can’t tell her these things. It doesn’t help that he can’t really explain the nature of his and Cas’s friendship. It just is what it is, and Lisa doesn’t have to understand it. She doesn’t have to know about it.
“Castiel,” and Castiel has to refrain from rolling his eyes. He’s very tired of being spoken to like a child, of hearing his name in that placating tone. “As much as I understand that you have friends here, you have gotten yourself into a lot of trouble this summer. You can come back next year, and see your friends again, but for now, I think this is the right decision.”
Jo winces sympathetically, and leans in to whisper in Anna’s ear. Dean can’t hear what she’s saying, but Anna’s expression keeps vaulting between fury and sympathy, until finally it lands on resigned. Jo moves then, getting off the bench and stretching before patting Dean on the shoulder and winking. “Good luck.”
Dean stares at Castiel’s hand, before lifting his gaze to Castiel’s eyes. He laughs softly, smirking. “You forgot to say ‘no homo,’ dude.”
“What makes Cas so special?” she demands. Dean glances at Castiel, then plasters a smile on his face.
“Of course,” Lucifer concedes, but the look on his face is coddling and condescending. “But even then, you liked those guys, right? And they liked you. But you never spent any time with any of them.” Lucifer sighs, as if it’s legitimately heartbreaking to think of his baby brother all alone in the world. “We just don’t want to see you lonely.”
The kid is crying now, blubbering incoherently, and when another hand carefully grips Dean’s shoulder and pulls him back, Dean goes. Because this time, it’s Alastair, and he’s smiling that weird closed-lip smile, patting Dean on the back and telling the crowd that if they enjoyed that show, they should come to the next party and see it again.
“No, I drew this one after that. And I want you to have it, and to keep it in your room at school, so you’ll think of me sometimes, even when you’re with all your hoity-toity friends.” Dean is practically glaring at his feet as he speaks, so he misses Castiel’s affectionate smile. “So you won’t forget me.”
“You deserve to know?” Dean snarls, though he quickly cows when he sees the glower on Castiel’s face.
The room is red this time. Long scarlet curtains, a crimson bedspread, and Lisa wrapped up in a candy-apple red robe, draped over her curves just so, but not quite revealing anything. Cas is seated on the bed, looking disinterested as Lisa tuts at Dean.
Still, he shoves his hands in his pockets and sulkily heads inside to order a cup of strawberry ice cream, coming back out with an exaggerated pout. “Do we really have to do this?”
“I’ve been told we’ll be back next summer, same as always. Probably around late May.” Castiel glances over his shoulder, where Chuck is still waiting in the car. “And I’m going to sign up for MySpace as soon as I get to school, so Dean and I can stay in touch there.”
“Please let me talk to him,” Dean croaks, rubbing his hands over his face. “Please, Anna, just give me five minutes to explain.”
"Cas!" Dean must have gotten significantly more sleep than Cas did, because he sounds downright perky. "Told you I'd call!"
If looks could kill, Castiel is pretty sure his sister wouldn’t be breathing anymore. At any rate, she ignores him and shoves his shoulder again, asking all-too-innocently, “If you and Dean don’t work out, can I have him?”
Dean purses his lips, but whatever is on his mind, he opts not to share. “Then what is there to talk about?” he asks instead, unable to prevent a tinge of annoyance from leaking out. “You don’t want me, fine, all you gotta do is say so.”
And maybe he’s hearing things, but Dean’s pretty sure that’s Castiel’s rusty purr hiding under his own.
And yet Castiel remembers coming home that night to find Naomi waiting for him, a small, hopeful smile on her face as she informed him that he was free to date Dean for the time being, while Michael does a little market research to see if Uncle Zach could benefit from a kinder, more progressive sort of evangelizing. And Castiel’s had chest
His phone goes off just as Bela is touching up her lip liner, surprising her enough that she drags a pink line down her chin. Castiel laughs without thinking, and ducks away from her glare as he flips his phone open. "Hello?"
Ross and Rachel,” Charlie agrees, quickly turning back to frown at Castiel. “Don’t be Ross and Rachel.”
He offers this to Dean, who takes it cautiously. Cas smiles. "Consider this a late birthday present," he says. "Or an early one."
Maybe they’re all just trying to figure out who to blame. Maybe Michael can’t think of anyone but himself.
“Well hey, do you want to come out now?” Charlie plows forward, because that’s all she knows how to do. “We’re at the Roadhouse, having some snacks and being shitheads.”
“Dean usually works at the Roadhouse on Mondays,” Sam comments, rolling off the bed and making his way to the bay window. He peers outside, then turns to Castiel with wide eyes. “But I guess not tonight?”
By the time they reach the gate, Dean is sweating, and Castiel thinks that Dean needs to work on his endurance if this is going to become a regular thing. “Okay, you made it, you can let me off now. Thanks for the ride.”
“C’mon, what’s the point of this whole ‘being teenagers in love’ thing if we don’t act stupid sometimes?”
“So?” Dean rolls his eyes. “You snuck out last night, who’s to stop you from doing it again? You shouldn’t let your family dictate your entire life for you. Besides, you said Talbot?” He smirks. “As in, Bela Talbot?”
A grin fights its way onto Castiel’s face. “So what you’re saying is, because I’m ‘objectively’ hot, I’ll have hundreds of opportunities to kiss somebody over the next two months?”
“I want you to be my boyfriend,” Dean continues, his fingers clutching at Castiel’s shirt. “If that’s what you want, or I can wait…”
“That’s right,” Dean sing songs, pulling into the parking lot. There’s a bonfire out on the beach and pumping bass that can only be Jo’s party. Still, as they’re all getting out of the car, Dean asks, “First date with who?”
Lisa is less conversational than Jess, but her eyes are kind and her smile is friendly. Perhaps she simply understands that silence might be preferable after such an ordeal. Castiel’s not sure what she witnessed, but as he replays the evening in his head, he’s quickly mortified by his own behavior. He stood up to John,
But Lisa stops him, gripping his shoulder and smiling ethereally. He opens his mouth to speak, to ask what’s wrong, but she presses a finger to his lips and slowly shakes her head. “No,” she says, her voice hushed yet still echoing somehow, spreading out into the space around them, “I have a surprise for you.”
Castiel puts his hands in his pockets and stares at the ground, unsure of how to respond. He appreciates Bela’s support, and a small part of him appreciates her willingness to call him out at the same time. That’s what good friends are supposed to do, right?
want to draw it right this second. It’s creepy enough he keeps drawing Kyriel with Cas’s face, he doesn’t need to start sketching some pretty dream-version of his best friend’s naked body.
“Huh?” Dean says intelligently. Because of all the things he expected from this reunion, it wasn’t this. A warm, friendly hello, complete with a hug? A real hug too, one where Dean can feel Cas’s chest pressed tight against his own, Cas’s stubble against his ear, graceful hands pressed between Dean’s shoulders. So, yeah,
Who the hell knows what’s wrong with Dean? He’s resentful of Meg for a million reasons he can’t even justify. He’s desperate to apologize and actually
Castiel looks up at Mary, confused. He and Sam are forearm deep in the Touch Tank, tickling starfish and hermit crabs, and they’ve managed to spend almost an hour together in this tiny aquarium already, so this brusque conversation starter is just a bit of a non sequitur. “... Why?”
“Wanted to tell you that me and Cas are through.” Dean presses a hand up against the tree, trying to get back on his feet. “He’s never gonna interrupt our dates again.”
They start walking again, side by side, in a comfortable silence. When they reach the corner, where the boardwalk can be seen from Main Street, they notice the white and brown sheriff’s car parked just out of the way. Of course, even as Dean has grabbed Cas’s arm and started dragging him across the street, Jody climbs out of the driver’s seat and starts to approach them. “Dean Winchester!” she calls as they reach the opposite curb, “You get over here right now, or I swear I will handcuff you and take you back to the Roadhouse to see your Mama!”
"I doubt that, for some reason," Dean chuckles. "They have ski-ball. And table hockey. It'll be fun."
So Dean’s home alone, with nothing to do but draw and watch movies, neither of which are really as distracting as he needs them to be. For the millionth time, he considers taking an art class at the community college in Astoria, something to fill his days off, only to quickly remind himself that he doesn’t have the time, the money, or the talent.
“What is all this?” Castiel asks as his brothers approach, as Dean’s friends retrieve something from a large box.
“I’m… I have a lot of problems.” Dean grins sheepishly, shrugging slightly. “I’m working on it, but I still fuck up. A
“Just a minute!” He calls, and springs into action, grabbing the DVDs and shoving them into Dean’s totebag. Dean is up as well, pulling his shoes back on, his fingers fumbling the laces in his hurry.
“She fights dirty!” That comes through loud and clear, Cas’s voice and Meg’s ensuing laughter. Silence comes after that, however, and Dean is confused enough that he’s considering hanging up when Cas speaks again, sounding resigned: “Hello, Dean.”
