(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know. I think so, but I don’t know. Bobby, I… I don’t want him to see my… past.” Dean couldn’t quite communicate what he was feeling but Bobby understood.
“Dean?” Cas called and Dean hopped into the kitchen. Sammy ran forward and grabbed Dean’s legs, trying to pull himself up. Dean laughed as Cas leaned over and gave Dean a kiss on the cheek. They had been happy for awhile and today was the day they officially moved in. Dean’s lease was up, and here they were, all together.
“Charlie, are you in my next class?” Mr. Novak looked down at his attendance and she quickly straightened up. “Nope! Just here with Dean. But I’ll leave now. See you later!” She hopped out of the class.
“I would love to play for you sometime. What else did you see in my memories?” Castiel was not worried about any of his secrets being revealed because his father constantly reassured him and his brothers that would not be an issue when they met their soulmate. When Michael met his soulmate, she didn’t see anything about their life that would have given their statuses away. Yet, he was still curious to what Dean saw.
“I… It’s just John stuff. It’s not too bad.” Cas sighed, shaking his head. He leaned in to Dean, setting a hand on his neck.
Dean cut that thought off immediately. “He’s not my soulmate, Charlie. We’ve touched before.” Although Dean could not think of a specific time, he knew they had to have touched. Charlie shook her head.
Dean’s other hand reached up and tangled his fingers in Cas’s hair, tilting his head back as he started to trail kisses down Cas’s jaw.
“Do you want to go lay in bed?” Cas practically suggested.
“I know, Dean,” Cas shushed him, just feeling him. “I’m so sorry. I feel it. I’m so, so sorry. I have no words. I feel so much. I feel all of you. Please, please,” Cas unashamedly spoke, praying that Dean did not get the hint that he could literally feel his emotions and physical ailments. “Let’s go somewhere. Anywhere. But here.” Dean nodded in agreement, resting his hand on Cas’s shoulder and feeling his neck with his thumb.
“I can’t see.” Dean mumbled, and there was a light touch on his forehead. Suddenly his vision was back and he could see a concerned Castiel sitting in front of him. Dean blinked his eyes again, trying to get everything focused. Deep down he knew it was Castiel but it was nice to have the guarantee.
“Are you going to break up with me?” Dean asked, quietly, and Cas was absolutely floored.
“I know. How is Michael?” Castiel dreaded asking this question.
He could hear some commotion in there and when he listened closer, he thought he could hear Gabriel’s voice. Dean closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, stepping back from door. “I should go,” He whispered, more to himself than anyone else. He turned around on his foot, planning to turn around, but suddenly the door open and Dean was left in the light from Cas’s apartment.
“I-I-” Dean couldn’t talk, he was too flustered. “He can’t be- This wouldn’t happen.” Dean shook his head. Charlie vehemently disagreed.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him close. “I’m here for you, Dean.” Cas whispered against his hair, nuzzling his face in it. Dean slowly and finally calmed down, still embracing Mr. Novak as if it were the last person he was ever going to hug. Cas would whispered soothing words, and eventually, Dean stopped crying. He cleared his throat and pulled out from Cas’s arms, and he went to grab his backpack, but Mr. Novak grabbed his wrist.
Unable to resist the temptation to do otherwise, Cas slowly pulls Dean in for a kiss. Dean closes the space between them as if he can’t kiss Cas fast enough.
“Maybe, but you’re the only one that
, while the man in question was off braving hippies and middle-class suburban moms at work, Dean figured Cas wouldn’t mind it if he opened the box for his loving boyfriend and installed the bee knocker so Cas would come home to a wonderful surprise; except, Dean ended up being the one who went home to a surprise when he opened the box and found several bee knockers.
, you know?” she huffs, taking a temporary reprieve from wiping a hole in the counter. “She’s been dating him for like, a
. Castiel feels
“Your bee knockers came in. Plural.” Dean accused.
The obnoxious woman ends her phone and Castiel finds themself feeling bad for the eardrums of whoever was on the other end of that call. Now that the overall noise level has gone down significantly, Castiel can focus on grading
Jack pauses, confused. “Was I not supposed to?”
“This is ridiculous! Is this how you treat all of your customers? By hiding the milkshake machine from us? I
Once fully settled in his seat, Castiel faces his daughter and finally places their order.
.” She says the last word as if it leaves a bad taste in her mouth while spraying the stainless counter and wiping it down.
See, it all started when fresh-out of grad-school Castiel Novak and struggling-artist Dean Winchester finally removed their heads from their asses and realized they were in love with one another. Then, they decided to live together. It was awesome...at first.
He closed his eyes and pictured what he wanted to happen. His eyes lit up and he felt the magic coursing through his veins as he cast the spell.
The woman resolved to use her inside voice when speaking and ordering her food. Lucky for Castiel, her indoor voice isn’t so distracting that he can’t keep grading the paper in his hands. Before he knows it, he’s immersed in the prose of one of his brightest students, hooked by her thesis, captivated by the way she presents her facts and —
” and walks off in the direction Alex motioned to, presumably to take care of the dishes. Castiel smiles while watching Claire work, content with the knowledge that Alex is a good influence on his daughter; after all, Claire doesn’t do the dishes for just anyone.
That night, when Cas came home, he did so to find not one but two surprises: his package containing several bee knockers and one confused and slightly irritated boyfriend.
"I'm sorry, do you work here?" she asks in that squeaky voice Castiel has grown to detest.
As much as they hate it, he forces himself to sit down. As much as he absolutely
Cas squinted; he was not amused. “Fine, then. Teach me.”
Castiel turns his attention to the young woman in front of him and is about to reply when they’re cut off by Claire.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas says when Dean finishes.
manner before licking his lips and saying, “Very much.”
,’” and with every word she speaks she grinds the cleaning cloth further into the metal counter until she throws it down in a frustrated grunt and slams the spray bottle on the counter so hard it rattles and falls over. She crosses her arms and pouts; from where he stands, he can see her watery eyes even though she hides them behind a few loose strands of blonde hair.
“Really?” Dean frowns in confusion, as if he can’t possibly fathom how Castiel came to such a conclusion, and Castiel should
Dean leaned back and frowned at Cas. “And have you destroy my kitchen again? Not gonna happen.”
Dean gives him a grin Claire undoubtedly would describe as “shit-eating” before answering.
Dean looks at Castiel expectantly. Castiel frowns lightly until he belatedly remembers Dean introduced himself and is likely waiting for Castiel to introduce himself. “Castiel,” he blurts out, a bit wide-eyed in delayed understanding. “My name — it’s — it’s Castiel.” He holds out his hand for Dean to shake and tries his best not to berate themself for their unusual lack of eloquence.
Alex scoffs and looks at Castiel expectantly.
Dean put his foot down that Cas didn’t put the bee knockers on the kitchen cabinets and installed bee knobs, instead (
This gives Dean pause. He considers the question as he chews on his licorice and eventually comes up with, “Eh, he’ll be fine. He can just cover up his eyes during any bad parts.”
, Dean.”) and they compromised by painting the roses every colour of the rainbow because “now it’s romantic
Sam furrowed his brows in confusion.
, Dean admits, that for once, he may have, kinda, sorta, possibly gone too far. But in his defense, Cas was upset.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean dismisses Castiel’s statement with a wave of his hand. “‘Castiel’, huh?”
Dean stopped purring and hissed at Cas.
If this continues, they’ll have to start getting used to Dean surprising them and Castiel finds themself not only okay with this but also
“Eileen’s never seen it, neither has Jack.” Dean grew defends. As soon as everyone else has their snacks, Dean snuggles up to Cas.
So yeah, looking back,
the more you harass this young lady —” he nods in Claire’s direction as if there is any question as to who he’s referring to “— the more money I put in her tip jar.” As if to prove his point, he takes out a single bill from his wallet and deposits it in the jar, all without breaking eye contact with the obnoxious woman.
As the little cartoon heads sang, Dean rolled his eyes in his cat form, visible even from a few yards away. Cas gave an amused smile. Dean hates the song, hates that it's from the perspective of a human because it "makes monsters look bad". Cas finds the song quite charming, which according to Dean means Cas has "no taste" when it comes to music.
The second he agreed to the bee knocker, Cas gave him that gummy smile of his (Dean most certainly did not melt on the inside, thank you very much) and ordered the bee knocker on the spot.
— wants everyone to call her by a new name, one she chose herself. Alex hates the name her birth mother gave her — too many bad memories associated with it — so her adoptive moms gave her permission to have it changed legally.
Sometimes, Dean wonders if he did something to legit piss Cas off, especially when Cas got the idea to paint honeycomb patterns and beehives, of all things, on the inside of all their cabinet doors, including the ones in the bathroom (
After a quickie that was
“I wasn’t ―” He turns to Cas in shock.
have something to do with Cas living three hours away; it’s not like he could take the train or drive there every day to water the plants, although he did try, at first). Cas’ mood darkened when he learned the lovely nuclear family who bought the house already started making plans to get rid of the garden and replace it with a pool.
. Cas promptly got tired of it and hammered a towel on the door, situating the offending rag in a way that covered up the angel’s naughty bits. Dean, having had his fun, let Cas do it and didn’t complain once.
Dean nailed Cas’ hair with a thick glob of pastel purple paint before Cas swiped at Dean’s arm, leaving a short, uneven line of paint.
“Castiel,” Dean’s intensity matches his own and Dean smiles with crinkles in his eyes, which makes Castiel’s heart flutter, “Hell yes.”
Once again, the handsome man in the kilt pulls out a few dollar bills and places them in the jar after clearing his throat; only this time, the unreasonable woman and Claire have his attention.
“Yes. I apologize, I was lost in thought.” Cas picks up the plate and finishes washing it.
She stops short, taking in the sight of Dean and Castiel leaning towards one another on their phones and Claire shooting them glares of impatience. “What did I miss?”
Then, “I don’t know,” she confesses, spraying and wiping down the same area of the counter. “He’s just —
Dean stares at Castiel.
Once the bee knobs were installed on all of the cabinet doors in the kitchen, Dean reminded himself that it was all worth it to see the look on Cas’ face every time he saw the knockers and the knobs (the "Thank you!" blowjobs Dean received after approving Cas’ home improvements were very much worth it as well). As for Cas, his mood improved greatly after the minor improvements made to their now-slightly-less-shitty apartment. Dean had to admit, the new bee decor started to grow on him after a while, like a mold growing in a bathroom (or maybe that was the blow jobs talking). And everything was right in their world.
"'Do we have enough candy?' I dunno, Cas, does four big bags of Halloween candy seem like enough to you?" Cas heard the teasing lilt of the rough voice and smiled.
Dean asked through their mental bond, staring at the little siren in suspicion.
Give him your number so we can go home now,” Claire exclaims.
Claire shrugs, nonchalantly, “Part of the job.”
. And if after that revelation, the two of them made out a bit (okay, a
Dean cackles. It’s a full-bodied cackle where he puts one hand on his stomach and the other on the table for balance when he leans too far back in his chair. Around them, some of the patrons stare at Dean in disapproval until Castiel glares at every single one of them, then the other customers look away. Once Castiel feels the other customers are properly chastised, he turns to Dean, who’s catching his breath, with a gummy smile, because he made Dean laugh like that. And he wants to do it again.
"You didn’t complain when I called you that earlier," Cas teased.
Throughout the story, Castiel enjoyed watching the emotions flit on Dean’s face, but mostly, he enjoyed watching the way Dean’s gorgeous green eyes lit up when he spoke and the way he used his hands to tell his story. Castiel sat there, enraptured by the man before them to the point that it takes them a moment to realize Dean finished speaking.
“And when the three of us do hang out, we can’t even do some of the things Alex and I always do together because —” Claire mocked Alex’s voice in a very exaggerated manner, “— ‘Henry doesn’t like vintage horror movies, Claire’ or ‘Henry doesn’t like making fun of male authors who don’t know how to write women even though he looks like he doesn’t know the difference between a mascara wand and a vibrator,
Yellow, white, purple, black. The non-binary pride flag.
Dean’s face from his neck to the tip of his ears turn red as he mumbles a “Shuddup, Cas.”
(To clarify, Dean only laughed at that because the image of Cas spitting out a white substance clashed with the image of Cas insisting he swallow a different kind of white substance during their quickie earlier; he did
-tastic sex, well then that was just the cherry on top of a very sexy sundae.
Claire walks back to her station, presumably to work, while Castiel stares at the email in front of them while trying to figure out how best to respond. They eat the soft serve treat, savoring the sweet flavor of vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, caramel sauce, and the salty taste of the peanuts. By the time he’s able to formulate an appropriate response to the email, their ice cream is down to the cone. He sends the email after typing it with one hand while polishing off the waffle cone before digging through the rest of their inbox. He continues replying to emails with the sound of people chattering in the background.
“Yeah,” Dean speaks when he’s finally able to, “I can see how coming out as gay can be —” Dean broke out into more laughter “— can be a bit of — of a turn off.” Dean went so far as to wipe tears out of his eyes. He lets out an exhale. “
Cas stared at Dean, defiantly.
“Is there something wrong with the boyfriend?”
His eyes snap to the disrespectful woman, desperate to see her reaction.
” Dean asks.
Claire leans forward and rests her crossed arms on the counter. “You know, Ren, just because you’re a professor doesn’t mean you have to teach me Churchill quotes.”
“Really?” Dean asks, grinning, “I took some WGSS classes back in college.”
, so we’re watching a classic.” Dean defends his choice as he passes Jack a bag of microwave popcorn with a look of disgust Cas knows to mean their son requested M&Ms in his popcorn again.
A glob of purple paint from Cas’ hair fell on his nose and Dean tried his damned hardest not to laugh when Cas went cross-eyed trying to look at it. Cas wiped some of it off with the back of his hand and stared at Dean.
The entire time Castiel spoke, Dean listened carefully; now, Dean laughs, throwing his head back, exposing crinkles in his eyes and the column of his throat. When his fit of laughter permitted, he spoke. “Wait — wait, run this by me again, you — you majored in WGSS to — what, exactly? Win an argument?”
And for the first few months (after scraping off the bathroom mould and a quick phone call to the landlord and a professional mold removal service), Dean and Cas were happy in their postage-stamp-sized apartment. Dean got to wake up to Cas clinging to him like an octopus and the dulcet sounds of his boyfriend sawing logs in his sleep every morning. He got to spend ten minutes removing himself from Cas’ octopus-like grip, make too sugary coffee in their off-brand coffee maker and a breakfast fit for kings on a stove that only cooperated every third Tuesday and only after ritual sacrifices, wait for his the love of his life to mummy walk his way to the kitchen and grunt a semi-coherent thank you when Dean handed Cas his coffee. Dean got to bid Cas a good day at his work in the garden section of Home Depot after Cas took almost half an hour to get out of bed but only ten minutes to be ready and out the door with a packed lunch and a kiss from Dean. Dean got to spend the day making art, whether for commissions or fun, ordering take-out for lunch, calling Cas on his break, making more art, and welcoming Cas home after a long day. He also got to make them a home-cooked meal for dinner, and when that didn’t work, they stopped by their next-door neighbour Missouri’s because she always made enough food to feed a small country and frequently shared the food with the “lovely boys next door” (her words, not Dean’s), and when their bellies were full, Dean got to relax with Cas in front of the flat screen tv in their room (it was too big for the living room, but it worked out for them because sometimes they would Netflix and Chill and other times they would Netflix and Chill). And after all was said and done, they got to fall asleep in each other's arms, more often than not with the tv on because neither of them remembered to turn it off. And those few months were some of the best Dean has ever had.
Cas’ dick was, not surprising given all the
Dean clenched his jaw, annoyed.
It isn’t until a shadow passes, there one second, gone the next, over Dean’s features that Castiel is sure his chuckle was self-deprecating.
Claire furrows her brows and looks back and forth between her parent and her best friend.
Blue, pink, white, pink, blue.
Sam gives his brother a very unimpressed look. “The baby’s not going to be born for a few more months.”
They told their loved ones and got several “Congratulations!” and even a few housewarming gifts. The stuff they owned was either thrown away, given away, or boxed up and packed in the back seat of Dean’s Chevy Impala when it didn’t fit in the truck and Sam’s prissy Prius damn near fit to burst. After what was supposed to be a trip or two but ended up being several trips, a trip to the police department to explain to the nice officer that Dean’s dresser wasn’t properly strapped to the roof and
“It wasn’t just a garden, Dean, it was a safe space, a sanctuary, a
Little did Dean know, those words would come back to bite him in the ass.
Castiel got on one knee and began to tie his shoe.
Cas took his time formulating his thoughts as Dean waited patiently, arranging the pillows. “I’ve been thinking and…” Cas hesitated, glancing at Dean, not sure how his boyfriend would take it, but wanting to know what he thinks. “I believe we’re star-crossed lovers.”
Dean playfully rolled his eyes, “I haven’t done anything yet, Cas.”
Distantly, he hears the sink water running.
“Cas, I already told you I’m going to teach you,” Dean lightly mocked, even going so far as mimicking Cas’ deep timbre.
He doesn’t go through with it.
Castiel looks up and sees Claire grab the spray bottle and rag from earlier before she returns to the back room.
Castiel lightly admonishes his daughter, “Claire, we’ve had this conversation before…”
Texas and they both had milkshake machines.”
), Castiel is caught off guard when Dean responds with — “That’s, uh, the Angel of Thursday, isn’t it?”
When Dean turned around, Sam raised his eyebrows expectantly, as if to say
he wonders.
The lovebirds spent the rest of the day covering up the paint splatters created during the war before Dean taught Cas how to mix and paint grass the color of Dean’s eyes; afterwards, they ordered some take out, showered together, and snuggled up under the bedsheets on the couch falling asleep not long after whispering love confessions into one another’s skin.
it.” Castiel struggles a bit to swallow around a throat that has suddenly gone dry, as both he and Dean blush furiously. A beat passed before Dean redirects the conversation, “What about you? How’d you end up teachin’ WGSS?”
He slowly exhales, reminding himself that they need to be a role model for Claire.
Castiel points to their laptop case, specifically to the two pride flag pins attached to the front.
“It’s not?” Dean asks, the hurt in his tone betraying the eyebrow raised in disbelief attempting to be casual and missing it by a mile.
As Dean serenades their breakfast with some of Taylor Swift’s lyrics, periodically using the spatula for its intended use, Cas can’t help but smile his signature gummy smile at the sight before him. Dean’s never been the best singer, although he’s improved greatly over the years, or dancer, for that matter, but watching him do it anyways is a sight to behold. Knowing Dean’s spent many years of his life trying to hide who he really is makes Cas’ heart fill with joy when Dean chooses to be his unapologetic self. Dean’s come a long way in the years Cas has known him and he’s so proud of his boyfriend.
He returns it with a small smile of his own.
Claire takes a few deep and fortifying breaths before muttering in a shaky voice, “Thanks, Ren.”
, you promised you’d let me teach you how to make Chicken Cordon Bleu,” she insistently reminds him.
Cas said nothing although his lip did curl in amusement; he sat in a chair behind the table with Dean on his lap, waiting for kids to show up.
The illusion itself, like smoke, swirled around their dark grey house, weaving in and out of the cracks in the windows, circling the splintered door, before covering the moldy roof. Once the smoke of the spell cleared the illusion became clear: Dean and Cas' house appeared as a 1950s picturesque red brick house with a white picket fence, inspired by Cas’ favorite horror movie
Dean intertwines their fingers and rubs his thumb over Cas’ hand. “How’d you sleep?”
“Yeah, which is why we’ve got to start stock-piling these now.” Dean says as if it's the most obvious explanation in the world, smacking the box of diapers.
“He/him and they/them. And it’s my fault as well — I shouldn’t have assumed. What are yours?”
when being blackmailed into painting fairies onto their bedroom walls. When Cas finished struggling to paint the last fairy (“Fight the fairies!”), Dean nearly wept, honest to God tears.
“No, Jack, the cribs are only for display.” Sam explains.
last night, insisting Castiel would enjoy poking fun at any historical inaccuracies; they did).
- but wanted to watch it from this vantage point.
“My little brother’s a religious studies major,” Dean smiles, beaming with pride, whether pride at himself for knowing the angel Castiel was named after or pride for his little brother, Castiel does not know; what Castiel does know is that Dean’s smile causes somersaults in his stomach.
Claire pauses her furious counter wiping long enough to reply with, “I don’t like him.”
Sensing Claire is about to say something, Castiel glances at her just in time to witness a mischievous and cheeky grin form, as if in slow motion. “I just got a new stepdad.”
Dean glared at Cas, annoyed.
!" Dean defended himself, wiping his face.
. Regardless of what Cas called it, he was upset about something and after more prodding than was necessary, Dean finally got an answer from Cas.
—” (Castiel frowns at this, suspecting Dean isn’t talking about her passionate method of teaching at all if his embarrassed expression and blush is anything to go by) “— but then she’s talking about how there are people who feel attraction to more than two genders and I’m like, ‘Woah, she’s talkin’ ‘bout me!’” Dean motions to himself.
“What shall I get for you, my liege?” she asks Castiel as they set his laptop case on the cold metal table.
“It’s ‘Alex’, sir,” Annie says while taking out the empty ice cream containers and replacing them with the full ones.
“Dean,” when blue meets green, Castiel almost forgets the rest of his sentence. Almost. “Will you allow me the pleasure of taking you out for dinner?”
Then they broke out the paints and brushes
Dean is. He's so pleased with himself, showing off his bisexual flag pride pin and the matching pleats on his black kilt, and Castiel’s heart surges with longing and
), then it was nobody’s business but their own.
As if the man isn’t beautiful enough, he then chooses that moment to speak. “Listen,
“Well, I — uh —” Castiel scrambles for something to say after having been brought back from deep within his thoughts, “— I didn’t study religion in college — I didn’t have to, as I’m sure you may have guessed from my name, my parents were very religious — but I can’t imagine it’s a particularly lucrative field, I'm sure your brother is doing it because he enjoys what he’s doing.”
Castiel hesitates. Ever since he changed his major to WGSS, he and Meg decided in order to preserve their friendship, it was best they establish boundaries for their heated debate on Shakespeare’s sexuality, otherwise, things would get ugly very quickly. Soon thereafter, the two of them agreed that every year on the anniversary of Castiel changing his major, they would publicly debate Shakespeare’s sexuality and on the other three-hundred sixty-four days of the year, they’d gather as much evidence as possible to back up their points. However, through the years, as he and Meg have matured, the debate has grown less and less heated and become more of a tradition, and in recent years, a competition to see who could come up with the most ridiculous “proof” as to why Shakespeare was gay or bisexual.
Dean motioned to the box on the coffee table. Cas walked further into the living room, carefully pulling out all of the bee knockers as if they were precious bars of gold.
“At that point, I had to zone back in and pay attention to the lesson, but, man, when she moved on, I was still thinkin’ about it. It was like, something clicked and everything about me made sense, y’know? Of course, at the time, I had a big ol’ bisexual panic about it for a few weeks before I finally came to terms with it, but that’s just how it goes.” Dean ended his story with a shrug of his shoulders.
Eileen and Cas watch with amusement as Sam’s expression grows exasperated. “Dean ―”
Cas walks back to bed and gets under the covers. He opens his arms in invitation. It isn’t until Dean’s pillow is sufficiently fluffed, he turns the lights off, covers them with the blankets, and is “spooned” by Cas, comfortable and secure in his boyfriend’s arms that Dean talks in a low voice. “Well, when you put it like that, I gotta say, Cas, you might be onto somethin’.”
"You said you wanted to see me?" When Cas got to Dean’s door he paused right in front of it.
“Star-crossed lovers. They’re a couple whose relationship, for one reason or another, is ‘doomed’.” Cas ends his sentence with air quotes.
“My name isn’t ‘Karen’,” she interrupts rather snippily.
Cas with the exhalation of a breath, the spell finished casting as his eyes stopped glowing and he ceased drawing magic from Dean.
Dean sighed, gently placing the paintbrush on the ground, got up and properly greeted Cas with a hug and kiss. Cas dropped his duffle bag (it was Dean’s, but he let Cas borrow it for the weekend) by their feet; both of Cas’ hands went to Dean’s waist and their “Welcome Home!” kiss quickly evolved into a “Welcome Home!” make-out session, which ended much too quickly for Dean’s liking, so no one could blame him for chasing after Cas’ lips when the latter pulled away.
Dean mentally grumbled at Cas.
on their ceiling, near where
“Me either.” Dean’s had nightmares for years and he always pretends they never happen and gets on with his day, which never ceases to amaze Cas. The last time Cas had a nightmare, he was paranoid, twitchy, and inconsolable all day. Lucky for both of them, they have each other now, so they can get through the nightmares together. “I missed you waking up this mornin’.”
The corners of Castiel’s mouth curl into a small smile. “I was going to say ‘admirable’.”
Dean overreacted. After all, he got to practice painting, he spent a lot of time with Cas, even got to teach Cas a thing or two about art and he made Cas
“Claire-bear?” Castiel speaks gently, sets his laptop case on the floor so it leans against their leg, and opens his arms in invitation.
on the front door this time) and the bee knobs on the kitchen cabinets, as a surprise wedding gift for Cas. Cas, in turn, didn’t ask Dean to paint any more walls, ceilings. or headboards; instead, Cas used green and blue paint to abstractly represent his and Dean’s profound bond on a canvas, which they hung on the wall above their bed.
Castiel chuckles, smiling down at his hands in his lap for a second before looking back at Dean. “My best friend Meg was a WGSS major as well and she convinced me to change my major after a heated debate on whether Shakespeare was gay or bisexual. She promised me if I changed my major from accounting, I’d be able to prove to her Shakespeare was bi.”
Castiel furrows their brows and tilts his head in confusion, “What was that?”
by Channing Ngo.
. that's awesome," he heard from the siren's older brother.
“It is when they’re early,” she replies cheekily.
laugh because Cas got paint in his mouth, since he wants to keep getting laid.)
, as Cas so aptly named the dick-shaped one, Cas had never looked more beautiful, more vulnerable, more like himself than when he talked to Dean about the different birds and bees he saw in his garden; in that moment, illuminated by the glow in the dark constellation Penis Major, Dean had never been more sure that he was in love with Cas and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together. Once the realization dawned on him, he blurted it out to Cas, who went from shocked to the happiest human being that ever existed while crying, confessing his love for Dean, and peppering Dean’s face with kisses.
Flustered, Castiel tries, and fails, to save face, “We’re not — that’s not what’s going on.”
Castiel removes their cell phone from their laptop case while Dean takes his phone out of his kilt pocket and they exchange phone numbers. No sooner than “Dean <3” sends “Hot Professor Dad Cas” a text to make sure neither of them typed in the wrong number, does Alex walk out of the back room.
Castiel scoffs, “Don’t be. The divorce was mutual and we split amicably.” Castiel smirks, “She accepted my coming out as non-binary but apparently coming out as gay was a bit of a turn-off.”
A shiver goes down Castiel’s spine.
"Care to explain, Cas?" Dean asked, only mildly annoyed.
Of course, that was easier said than done, especially when they had no yard, front nor back, and they couldn’t have house plants partially due to Dean’s allergies but mostly due to lack of houseplant funds. So, naturally,
Castiel barely has time to process this before the man, Claire’s “new friend”, follows her line of sight and lands on Castiel.
Annie — no,
happy (in turn, Cas rewarded Dean for his patience by fucking Dean in a way that allowed him to see the portrait of Cas as an angel in a homemade loincloth while getting railed by the real Cas from behind. Best. Sex.
." He deadpanned.
The other best part was when Dean and Cas got to declare their love for one another in their new garden, in front of loved ones.
He closed his eyes and envisioned the illusion he wanted to cast. It was a large undertaking, so he was gonna need some help.
The man clears his throat, this time with more emphasis. Both Claire and the rude customer turn to face the man as he puts another couple of bills in the tip jar.
Dean hopped off of Cas' lap and onto the table and grabbed some candy in his mouth before jumping off the table and delivering it to the siren in question. The little siren and his older brother watched as Dean walked up to them. The little boy seemed apprehensive and Cas felt bad. Perhaps he had gone too far with the scary decorations? He wanted to make the little siren feel better and remembered sirens loved music.
Castiel gapes at Dean. When Dean’s face begins falling and he starts looking less sure of himself, Castiel schools their features into something a bit more appropriate. “Wow, that must be an interesting job.”
“Claire’s mom.” Castiel gives Dean a pointed look, “And my ex-wife.”
Claire expresses her dissatisfaction with a groan; nevertheless, she helps her friend. To anyone who doesn’t know her personally, Claire might seem selfish, but since Castiel is one of the very few people Claire opens up to, he knows that under her tough exterior is a kind young woman, as evidenced by her taking most of the ice cream containers from Annie’s clutch, putting them on the counter and helping the other young woman restock the ice cream.
At least until Cas gave in and let Dean paint a portrait of Cas as an angel on the back of their door.
"Dean?" He called with his back to the person he was looking for.
He opens his eyes and looks at Claire, taking in the sight of her folded arms, the tension in her shoulders, and the absolute seething hatred for the woman standing before her in her eyes. He locks eyes on the middle-aged woman still screaming at Claire. He gets up, preparing themself to separate a fight if need be, and —
of their thoughts left their brain as it short-circuits and he openly stares at Dean wide-eyed in awe.
“Are you alright?” He asked Claire.
He blinks his daze away at the sound of Sam’s groan from the other couch. “'Tombstone'?
Castiel puts his hand over his heart, in mock offense, and makes sure his tone is exaggerated enough, “Claire-bear, is that anyway to take your ren’s order?”
Dean’s eyes widened with hope before he carefully schools his features into something a bit more apologetic. “I’m sorry.”
Castiel looks up at Dean in awe, yet again.
“I’m ready to go, ren,” Claire walks up to the two of them and it’s a testament to how distracting Dean is because the reason Castiel went to the ice cream shop in the first place somehow snuck up on them; more to the point, Dean is so distracting, Castiel momentarily forgot why he came to the ice cream parlor, to begin with.
Feeling himself grow a bit pale and wide-eyed, Castiel overcorrects, “No. I mean, ‘yes’ — I mean, I’d like it to be,” Castiel grows increasingly shy as he speaks.
“Dude, I’m
Cas’ scowl does not have the intended effect: reminding Miracle he has his own bed sitting a couple feet away.
Dean looks at Castiel like he’s the only person in the building worth looking at and Castiel can’t help but soak up the attention like a greedy little sponge. Dean clears his throat. “So, uh, what are your pronouns? I’m sorry, I should have asked earlier.”
“You can never have too many soft things.” Eileen says, holding the stuffed animals closer, as if that’s a sufficient explanation.
On her way to the backroom, Alex says to Claire, “Watch the register, I’m going to take my break.”
"Why don't you bring him some candy?" Cas hoped to make the young siren feel better.
Seeing the look on her friend’s face, Annie clarifies. “It wasn’t Churchill who said that,” she says leaning back as she walks, so as to not drop the mountain of — no doubt — freezing cold ice cream containers.
honey apple pie.
“No, I know what it is, I just mean, why do you think that’s us?”
“Hmm?” Castiel hums in confusion, shifting their attention from his daughter to her friend.
“Nerdy?” Dean interrupts, “Yeah, I know, but that’s Sammy for you.”
The man openly stares at Castiel, drinking in his features and Castiel feels their cheek heat up.
love confessions, Dean and Cas had saved up enough money to buy a house, and they did. It was a beautiful and “cosy” cottage far enough away from the city to avoid the hustle and bustle, but not so far it took longer than an hour to get there.
The four of them turn around to face Jack as he walks up to them from the other end of the aisle.
means). Still, with some of Dean’s furniture (sans dresser), some of Cas’ furniture, a few pieces of furniture courtesy of Cas’ parents - including a brand new IKEA dresser, which didn’t even fit with their broke lumberjack artist meets broke college graduate aesthetic, but Dean can’t complain because, hey, he may not be smart enough to properly hook a dresser to the roof of his car but he is smart enough to know a free dresser is a free dresser...he complained anyway - and some decorations from their friends and family, they make the World’s Most “Charming” Apartment their own.
Cas rinses his mouth with water then with mouthwash, puts his toothbrush in the holder next to Dean’s and wipes the tears he didn’t realize he cried.
Castiel looks up to find the middle-aged woman staring Claire down with a piercing gaze that would make lesser people back down.
Dean resumes drying the dishes and Jack finishes clearing the table while Cas continues washing up the remaining dishes.
"Then you know how important this is to me," Cas said while smoothing down the already smooth plastic table cover.
right.
Dean’s furrowed brows give way to understanding when he remembers what Castiel is talking about. “No thanks needed. Besides, anyone would have done the same.” he dismisses Castiel’s appreciation with the hand currently not in their grip.
“Yeah,” Dean’s smile lights up the room, and Castiel is overcome with how not only attractive but also how
"Shuddup, Sammy, just watch." Dean chastized.
Cas smirked. “Says the one who left me in our once-warm bed to cook.” he teased, his voice deeper than usual from having just woken up.
Cas means to walk into the bunker’s kitchen but he pauses at the doorway. He smiles a big, soft smile as he folds his arms and leans against the doorway, taking in the scene before him.
Dean stared at Cas incredulously. Cas stared at Dean like he was the crazy one for not understanding why Cas would want a bee knocker on every door in the apartment. They continued their staring contest, and when Cas’ “Dean, you’re being ridiculous” look morphed into his “Pleading Puppy Dog Eyes” look, Dean gave in.
“So did you find the toothbrushes?” Eileen grins, several stuffed animals in hand ― or arms, Cas should say, seeing as she’s holding enough stuffed animals to cover every square inch of the bed she and Sam share.
"Hello, Sam," Cas greeted him before turning his attention to his older brother. "Hello, Dean. You seem to have a little something - " Cas gestured at Dean, from top to bottom, " - right
trip to Vegas, with Charlie of course (“Sorry, babe, I’d love to go but I have a really big commission I have to get done this weekend"). They’d leave two hours after Cas got home from work, take turns sleeping and driving through the night, and barring any traffic, they’d arrive Saturday morning, where they would tourist their way through Las Vegas all day Saturday and Sunday, leave Sunday night and return mid morning on Monday, leaving all of them with enough time to rest and relax before returning to work for their Monday afternoon shift. In the meantime, Dean would get to work, moving all of the furniture from their bedroom into...not the bed room (not an easy feat when your apartment is the size of a postage stamp, and not even one of the nice ones), layering plastic tarps all over the bedroom floors, buying enough supplies, before, finally, painting the garden of Cas’ dreams on their bedroom walls, as a surprise for Cas when he got home from his trip to Vegas.
“I’m sorry, ma’am, but like I said,
For Dean’s sake, Cas chooses to not bring up that Sam can cook, even if Dean doesn’t like the healthy food he makes, and so can Eileen, even if Dean refuses to let her (“she’s pregnant! She has more important things to worry about!”). “If you’re hungry, I have something you can eat.” Cas’ voice drops even lower, taking on a seductive timbre, and gives him a suggestive smile. He’d spent years trying to understand Dean’s innuendos, and he greatly enjoys being able to turn them against his boyfriend now.
Castiel sits down, frowning in confusion.
(best part is: no mold!) and it even housed a guest bedroom and bathroom in addition to the master bedroom.
Castiel chuckles, “That she did. I’m quite proud but I can’t take any credit for that. Neither can Amelia. Claire has always been...
), sent Cas a picture of his old garden from their childhood home. In the piece of incriminating evidence that served as proof of Gabe’s being an asshole, said garden fell apart without a Cas to care for it; the flowers Cas meticulously selected were wilted unless already dead and it was obvious the bees in the garden had long abandoned their once lush home. Dean watched Cas get more and more visibly sad as he stared at the picture of his once colourful garden turned dead as a doornail and the sight of it broke Dean’s not-entirely-non-existent heart.
Once all of the flowers had been painted, including sunflowers, jasmines, daisies, petunias, and poinsettias, Cas and Dean agreed to paint on some insects, to make the garden feel more alive, and by “insects” Cas meant “bees”. So. Many. Bees.
“Besides, I love sex. Teaching it, talking about it, learning about it —” Dean gives Castiel a significant and heated look “—
“Well someone one has to cook and it as sure as hell ain’t gonna be the Green Giant — probably make us kale smoothies for breakfast or something.” Dean shudders in mock horror.
“Anytime, sunshine.” Dean replies with a smile so bright it could rival the sun.
"Babe," Dean said in that fondly exasperated, I'm-trying-to-be-patient tone of his, one Cas was very familiar with. "Everything's perfect. The kids are gonna love it. The adults are gonna love it. The whole neighborhood will be talking about this til Christmas." Dean planted a kiss on Cas' cheek and Cas leaned into it. He faced his boyfriend's green eyes, admiring the way Dean's vertical pupils dilated. With the way Dean's breath hitched, Cas could tell his own feline blue eyes were dilated as well. The two of them continued staring into one another’s eyes until the sounds of early trick-or-treat'ers broke the spell.
and shaking his body in an effort to get Cas to dance with him.
“Not that I’m not enjoying this, because I am, and we should very much come back to this…” Cas trailed off looking and Dean’s spit slicked lips, half distracted by them, half looking for the right word. “
“Her shift doesn’t end for —” Alex checks her watch “— another hour,” she confirms. “But you’re more than welcome to stay for a bit.”
Cas gave Dean a brief kiss on the cheek and a hand squeeze, leaving Dean equal parts annoyed at a prank gone wrong and in awe of his angel and leaving Sam with the biggest smile on his face since he can't remember when, wondering how the hell Cas pulled it off.
Frowning at Dean in confusion, Cas explained, “Yes. Your brother ate some bad tacos on the way to Las Vegas and got sick-” (
“But there’s no rule you can’t test them out.” Eileen chimes in and Sam looks at her as if she’s betrayed him somehow.
“I don’t think anyone’s going to try and keep us apart anymore.”
“That’s much better,” Castiel responds with a smile as he grabs his laptop case and sits down; Claire pushes the chair in.
His superiors tried to keep him away from Dean after he rescued his Righteous Man but Cas disobeyed them and saw him anyway. Naomi tried to brainwash him into killing Dean and it almost worked. Hannah and Hael and countless other angels tried to make Cas choose between all of Heaven and Dean, even though he chose Dean every single time. Even Michael from the other world tried to keep them apart.
he did). Cas, on the other hand, could not look at the painting of himself as an angel without blushing furiously and Dean loved every second of it. Cas, knowing very well Dean painted his angelic self naked on purpose, was not having any of Dean’s shit and insisted Dean paint some clothes on it, which led to Dean laughing and asking Cas
there. It’s like — it’s like he can’t take a shit if he isn’t with her!” Claire exclaims in frustration.
He reached his hand for the door and opened it up quietly, peeking out to get a look. Castiel was sitting at the couch, lights dimmed, nose in a book. He looked tired, and maybe even a little upset. Their eyes met and Castiel immediately put his book down.
“My name is Crowley, by the way. Pleasure to meet you, Dean Winchester. We will be seeing a lot of each other.”
Gabriel was genuinely curious to hear how Dean was feeling after the unexpected bout of smiting sickness.
“Dean-” His voice was frantic, anxious. Dean’s heart stopped. “I need you to come to the motel. As soon as possible. I’ve been up all night, and I just found this huge connection between the demons and some weird guy named Lucifer and it’s all very big-”
“Go get ready, boys.”
“Sammy,” Dean called out as he got off the couch to go answer the door. “Cas is here!” Sam ran out into the living room and into his brother’s awaiting arms and they went to go get the door together. Cas opened the door before they could get there, and as soon as Sam saw him, he squealed and wriggled out of Dean’s arms.
And then Cas wanted to paint vines onto their Dollar General bought lamps, and Dean did.
Sam straightened up and took a couple steps back from Dean after tapping him on the shoulder.
“Just he/him,” Dean lets Castiel know.
“So — you’re bisexual?” Castiel fumbles.
“Is now a bad time?”
Castiel's heart flutters in their chest.
The two sirens sang along to the song and the younger one seemed to let go of his fear and allowed Dean to put the candy in his bag.
Two hours and several impressively dressed trick-or-treat'ers later (including a young, seven foot tall Windigo dressed as a "the scariest thing I could think of", a human infant), a little siren dressed as an undead hippie and his older, costumeless brother showed up. The little siren walked halfway to Cas and Dean before stopping and staring up at the house in fear; his sunken black eyes widened in fear and his ashen grey skin took on a more pinkish hue.
“Do you wanna meet your soulmate, daddy?” Dean’s heart sped up a little bit. “Well, when you meet the soulmate, the first time you touch you can see their whole life. So the first time my soulmate touches me they’ll see everything that’s happened in my life.” Dean flinched at even the thought. Of course he wanted to meet his soulmate, but he sure as hell didn’t want his whole life put on display.
“It’s okay, it’s all okay.” Dean sobbed into his hands, trying desperately to stop, but nothing would work. The room felt like every second it was going up ten degrees, and Dean honestly couldn’t think of anything but getting out of this small, hot office. He tried to gasp in air, but he could barely even breathe.
The door opened and another student came in and Dean immediately went back to his seat. Cas took a deep breath, trying to get himself under control. He just needed to get through class and then he could talk to Dean privately again.
Gabriel couldn’t come up with an answer either.
Dean had an increased amount of nightmares, though. This time it would not only involve his father, but Cas as well. He would dream that John would get to Cas and tell him everything and Cas would leave him. He would wake Cas up every time too so that made him feel so much worse.
Dean’s heart stuttered a bit, she had never said that she loved him.
“What is that?” Bobby scrambled up off the ground, standing in front of Dean protectively. “Oh, relax old man.” The demon spoke, brushing him off. Bobby was suddenly transported back to the car and was unable to get out.
They both needed him to get over this separation anxiety; and well, he needed a high school education, especially with a little one in the house.
“My name is Jo. What’s yours?” She stuck her hand out to Cas, and he happily took it. “Castiel. Very nice to meet you, Jo.”
He looked over to Castiel, just studying every curve and edge of his face. He looked at his blue eyes and the little bit of stubble on his chin and when Castiel caught him looking, he blushed and looked the other way as quickly as possible.
“But he doesn’t need fixing. He is perfect exactly the way he is. He is so strong and so courageous. I would do anything to ensure his happiness and safety.” Cas finished, and Gabriel smiled.
Everyone had been keeping their eyes peeled. Bobby was deep into research about Crowley, while Cas and Dean worked on any research between nephilims, soulmates, and smiting sickness. Dean and Sam would sleepover one night of the weekend, and they would cook dinners together twice a week at Dean’s apartment. Cas would come visit him at the diner and always left hefty tips. He would always bring groceries too, no matter how much Dean protested.
“What… what memories did you see?” Dean finally got out, and Cas pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant and turned off the car. He turned to look at Dean, and by the look on his face, Dean had practically already gotten his answer.
Dean nodded, pulling back. Bobby took the hint that he was acting a little erratically and took a breath.
“Dean,” He groaned, reaching forward to turn on the light. He squinted to see, and was surprised when he saw Dean, flushed a dark red and stained with tears. Worry settled in his stomach and he turned his body towards Dean.
“I missed class.” Dean stated as a fact, but felt that he couldn’t only say that. “My, uh… uncle needed me to do something for him and he kinda needed it this morning. I’m sorry.”
“Dean, I do not want to be with another nephilim. I do not want to be with an angel. I want to be with you. Nephilims were not made for each other. They were made for humans. We were meant to protect, meant to love. Angels were sent down to Earth to create half creatures to help, and to learn how to be human. My father always told me this, and some angels and nephilims do not agree. But this is how I am, and I will not have you question it anymore.” Dean nodded shyly, hiding his face in his hands.
Dean picked up Sam and held his coloring things with the other hand. “Bye Jo!” Dean shouted across the restaurant, turning heads, but he honestly couldn’t care less. Jo threw up a quick peace sign, and Dean rolled his eyes, laughing. Dean managed to get Sam in the car without as much as a peep from him, and Dean couldn’t decide if that was a good thing or a bad thing. As soon as Dean got in the car, though, the questions started.
“None of this is okay.” He shook his head again, starting his hand at Dean’s shoulder and trailing down to his wrist. Castiel grabbed his wrist somewhat forcefully and Dean held his breath.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, and Dean couldn’t tell if it was a ‘keep going’ or a ‘please, let’s talk about what you’re going through’ groan. So he continued on, settling his teeth in the fleshy part of Cas’s neck. Cas hissed and Dean could feel his fingers grip his wrist.
“I met my soulmate.” Dean mumbled, but they couldn’t hear him. “What?” Ellen questioned, making a face. Dean scrunched his face up, reaching his hands up and rubbing his temples.
“Shh, Dean, it’s okay.” Dean could hear a soft voice soothe him, and Dean knew that voice. He just couldn’t connect the dots. He was weeping, he could feel that now. His chest was wracked with painful sobs that shook him to his very core.
The last thing Cas saw was a small knife plunging into Dean’s side. That scared him right out of Dean’s memories. He gasped in a deep breath, gripping the area where Dean had been stabbed with an intensity that scared him. When he came to, he saw Dean running out of the room. That was enough to send panic through Cas and he quickly scribbled on the board that the next periods could have study halls. And then he ran after Dean.
“Well, start explaining!” Bobby quipped back, and Dean sat down at one of the barstools.
“I beg to differ, Dean. But hey, believe it or not, they and that blade can kill a lot of things. It will become very useful to you in the future.” The demon sighed forlornly. “Well, I must be going, but this was simply enthralling. I will be seeing you soon.”
“How am I supposed to do that?!” Castiel asked, affronted at the suggestion.
Dean laughed softly. “We’ll see, buddy. We’ll see.”
Dean couldn’t help but move on from the conversation, and he made his way into the kitchen. “There’s barely anybody here, do you think I could maybe go home?” Dean asked softly and Ellen sighed. “I know, it’s been a really slow Wednesday. Grab Sam and head on out: just know that tomorrow will probably be busier and I pay by the hour.” Dean laughed and went to grab his jacket, but he was interrupted by Jo bursting into the kitchen.
“What?” Dean whispered, looking up at Cas with his big green eyes. Cas refrained from leaning forward again to capture his lips, capture his soul mate.
By the time Castiel had told the administration that he was not feeling well and that he had to go home and actually driven home, Gabe was already at his house.
It was a tiny apartment, and everything seemed bare. It was empty, but at the same time it had a homey feeling with toys lying on the ground and folded clothes on a dresser. Cas got up and stretched his back, standing up and looking around. Suddenly there was a loud cry from the adjoining room. “Daddy!!” A high, shrill voice wailed and Cas pulled back and looked at the door. Dean woke up in a matter of seconds, startled, and Cas almost had to do a double take with the shouting of the word ‘daddy’. Dean was a father?
He so desperately wanted to heal him, but he did not want to scare him. That was the last thing on his mind, and if Dean saw Cas’s grace right now, he would definitely be scared. Castiel was not as talented as his brothers, either, so when he healed someone, a bright blue light would surround his hands.
“May I touch you?” Castiel asked respectfully, not wanting to overstep or make Dean uncomfortable in any way.
“Do you think it has anything to do with me?”
“His real name is Castiel?” Charlie asked eye brightening, smile widening. “Yeah, Castiel. Middle name is Jimmy.” Charlie clapped her hands excitedly. “C! Castiel Novak! CN, Dean!” She shouted and Dean motioned for her to calm down.
“I know you don’t have the money, Dean. I know you haven’t eaten breakfast in at least four years.” Dean looked down, ashamed and Cas reached his hand over. Dean stretched his hand out to meet in the middle. “I have money. And I’m going to make sure that you and Sam are never hungry again.”
“Dean, your lack of faith in me is frightening.” Castiel started and Dean clenched his jaw, scared that Cas was angry with him. “I-I didn’t mean-” Dean stuttered, but he cleared his throat to try again.
but he had to keep going. Before he knew it, he was at Cas’s house. Cas, his soulmate whom he told was having dinner with Bobby tonight, and the Cas that would immediately sense his distress. He untied his apron and put it on his passenger seat.
Dean, however, felt like he was going to cry. He could see the raw emotion of caring in his eyes and he hadn’t felt that… honestly, forever. He couldn’t even remember his own mother looking at him with those eyes. “You… Dean, you shouldn’t even think you deserve a life like this. You deserve so, so much more and I hope that one day you get it.” ‘I could give it to you’, thought Cas.
“Maybe because he’s already been exposed to stuff like us.” Gabe shrugged. “Has he hunted Demons? Maybe that’s why, I mean demons are pretty much just the opposite of us.” Castiel shivered.
“The guidance counsellor at school barely counts as it is, but you don’t even tell her the truth.” Cas said and Dean got the sudden urge to flip him off, but refrained.
A puff of smoke, filled with a bright blue light escaped the house and shot away. They both watched, mesmerized.
“What are you doing?” Cas asked, stepping out onto the stairs. From this angle, he could see the red tear streaks that were left on Dean’s face, and his heart jumped into his throat. “What’s wrong?” Cas asked again, walking to meet Dean at the end of his steps.
“We can make some breakfast? I haven’t been able to make breakfast in forever.” Dean responded and Cas made a sad face.
Dean took a deep breath as Cas turned the car off, and Dean turned around to see Sam still asleep in the back. They got out and Dean grabbed Sam and held him close.
Cas unfurled his grace entirely into Dean, feeling Dean’s body accept it hungrily. He could feel Dean’s every move, every emotion, everything in his head. They were sharing this moment together, in each other’s arms, both feeling ways they had never experienced. It was becoming too much for Dean, and Cas could feel it. Cas wanted nothing more than to continue, to feel Dean wholly and completely, but they had to do slowly. This isn’t how it was supposed to happen.
“No, Dean, it has to be. You have a crush on him and this is the only time you’ve like ever had a crush on anyone ever!” Charlie retorted, and Dean blushed all the way down his neck.
Cas tried his hardest to ignore the butterflies in his stomach as Dean’s green eyes looked up at him. “How are you, Dean?” Cas was just trying to keep up conversation with him, just trying to relish the few seconds he would hear his voice. “I’m okay.” Dean’s voice was quiet, and he swallowed hard. Dean’s stomach pulled in tight and his heart practically jumped into his throat when Mr. Novak leaned forward and placed his hand on Dean’s bruised cheek.
Sorry it took awhile and it's short haha, but I'll continue it soon! Thanks for reading!
“Dean?” Gabe asked, and Dean froze up like a statue. Castiel heard it, and immediately his stomach dropped. Dean was the one making him feel like this. Something was wrong with Dean.
“Dean, is someone hurting you?” Dean tensed up, biting his bottom lip to the point he had broken the skin and he could taste blood. “I don’t want to talk about it.” Dean turned his back, but Cas stood up, grabbed his shoulders, and turned him around. “Dean.” Cas’s voice was raw and Dean’s knees almost gave out at the sound. “Please, please trust me. I can help you… both of you.”
“What’s this?” He questioned gently, and Dean cringed. “Nothing.” Dean quickly brushed his hands off and him off all together, hopping off to go see Sam. Cas followed behind, carefully watching how Dean moved and noticed a limp that he hadn’t seen before. “Shit,” Cas cursed softly, rubbing his eyes.
“Can we go to your bed?” Dean whimpered, and Cas nodded. Dean kept his face hidden as he turned around and went to Cas’s room. Dean immediately went into the bathroom and shut the door behind him, and Cas let his worry consume him for a minute. Dean was so upset. More upset than he had ever seen him. He couldn’t even think about what could make him like this, what could’ve happened that he would be left this upset. He’s sure he would have heard if someone died, Dean wouldn’t be here or he would have called. Dean was here, and he was upset.
“I love you too, Ellen. I’ll see you tonight.” Dean hung up, and rolled over again in bed. He smashed his whole face into the pillow, grabbing his stomach and groaning quietly. He did not feel well. Not nearly as bad as last night, but it was still wildly uncomfortable. He grabbed his phone and checked the time, and when it read 11:00AM, he shot up and out of bed. He had no clue how he had slept this late, but he never did that. Sam must have been up for hours, waiting for him. Dean made his way to the door, and opened it to a sight he did not expect.
It was broken by Garth barking out a laugh.
The car was silent except for the classic rock station. Dean was huddled in the back seat, blanket wrapped around him, protecting him from the cool night air. Bobby was next to him, tapping his finger on his leg to the song. Garth was on the other side, while Jo and Ellen had the front seats. He had never been more comfortable, and the only thing that might have made it better was Castiel. He couldn’t bring Castiel into this part of his life, though. Not yet at least.
“Dean, what happened?” Dean shook his head into Cas’s chest again, just trying to keep himself together. Cas probed again, trying to see what happened, trying to read his emotions further, but Dean would not let him.
“Is your name really Castiel?” Dean asked, almost with no sense of self control.
thanks for reading guys :)
“I’m sorry.” Dean wept, trying so hard to control himself. Cas’s arms wrapped around him tighter, and Cas simply shook his head. He did not understand what was going on.
“Sorry, what can I get you guys?” Mr. Novak stared up at Dean as he scribbled down Gabe’s order, and he examined his face. Dean’s face, despite the plastered on happiness, was pale and almost sickly. He always looked tired, and no matter where and when Mr. Novak looked, there would be faded bruises all around. Mr. Novak didn’t quite know how to approach this, knowing his suspicions were probably true, but he was thrown a curveball with the little boy in his arms. Who could this little boy be? Their eyes were eerily the same, leading him to believe that they were related-
“You okay?” Cas asked gently, and Dean nodded, gritting his teeth. Sammy pulled back and looked at Dean, studying his face.
“Dean, what is the worst thing that can happen?” Cas asked, keeping his voice soft. Dean was obviously distressed right now.
“Sure. Whatever you say. Thank you so so much!” He turned around and ran off to his car.
“It’s worth checking out to keep you boys safe.” Bobby patted Dean on the shoulder when Sam ran out of the kitchen and saw Bobby. “Bobby!” He shouted, running over and climbing onto his lap.
As Dean’s head started to finally clear up, he realized that Cas was here, on a hunt, around demons. Then he started to become suspicious. What were him and his brothers doing here? Why were they in the house?
“DEA-” Garth shouted as he walked in, starting to run towards him, but Dean hurriedly hushed them as Sam lifted his head up. They all froze, and Dean rushed to put Sam in the back. He brushed his hand over Sam’s hair as he laid him down, and went back into the main dining room.
