"You know what for."
“Give you a break?” John averts his attention from the floor to his father, and for the briefest of moments he feels a small jab of sympathy for the man opposite him. He’s clearly not sleeping. His eyes tell of nights spent lying awake, contemplating the events that have occurred over the past three weeks. John knows that this is what his father has been doing because he is the mirror image of how John looks and feels. All too soon, however, the pang of guilt for partially causing his father to be like this relinquishes, and John is overcome with anger. The expression his father is giving him- pleading, desperation for all of this to
I'll never know. Maybe I don't want to know. Nothing's going to change, not anymore.
He thought they'd have a lifetime together. Just him and John, without a worry. Never did he realise how wrong he would be.
It happened quickly. Sherlock felt the pain before he realised what had happened. Blood was gushing from his nose and he was on the floor, momentarily unaware due to the force of the blow that had knocked him down.
"Hey, John."Sherlock held onto him, eyes locking onto John's. The detective had been worrying about John for weeks. He hadn't been his usual self, always seemed down. Originally he had thought it would be a passing thing but John only seemed to be getting worse and worse. "John?"
The browns and greens of the trees on the other side of the lake have morphed into black, becoming silhouettes against the ever darkening sky. The once mesmerising pastels had become intimidating blues and sinister blacks. I feel cold.
Sherlock's hand came to grip the back of John's head as he applied pressure to the gaping wound that was spluttering blood into the carpet. The corner of the plug socket that had been the cause of this injury as John had fallen was decorated with the same blood, the terrifying red that
"That's your call, sir." I open my eyes that I do not realise have been closed and look at her, suddenly lacking in any motivation to fight back. She is not an idiot. She has dealt with things like this before and even though I try extremely hard to attack my emotions, hide them, it does not always work and my mask slides.
But it isn’t, and the dreams are only a reflection of the horrendous reality that they are facing. A life without their baby, their daughter. John sits up, rubbing his hand over his face.
“A rabbit?”
I ran as fast as I could, careful where I placed my footing and collapsed down next to Sholto, my gun beside me. Soldiers from the vehicle behind us were making their way over, guns raised.
“I’m trying,” Sherlock responded, adjusting his head so that his eyes were no longer following John. He knew it was in John’s best interests to be alone for a bit, to calm down. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t go far. He furrowed his brow. “Though you can’t expect John to forgive your father.”
"And I, you."
It was difficult moving back to London by myself with a fucked shoulder and a psychosomatic limp. The PTSD was just the cherry on top. How I managed to keep my gun, I don't know. I was going to use it on that day, that day that I met him. And it wasn't even a matter of maybes. My mind was set because how could it get better? I had absolutely nothing to live for. Even my dad and sister didn't want anything to do with me. I didn't want anything to do with them. It's not as if I had anyone else to be with.
John did not have the chance to drive. But the person who murdered him did and he took advantage of that, thinking it was a fantastic idea to drive whilst under the influence. He was walking to my house and out of nowhere, the vehicle had veered onto the pavement, colliding with him and sending him flying. The impact had shattered various vertebrae in his spine, caused major internal bleeding and extremely severe head damage. It was unlikely that he was going to wake from the coma that he had succumbed to, but we hoped that he would.
She pulled away and smiled, only slightly, but it was a smile nonetheless. “Well, best not leave Sherlock in there too long by himself. Goodnight, Greg.” And with that, he left.
"Since when have you cared?"
We never found out who it was that killed her.
One arm is resting atop of my shoulders, a light pressure that is comforting. He is a part of me and I cannot fathom the thought of us separating. I will not think about it. His hand is touching my chest, feeling the gentle thumping of my heartbeat. It is getting slower.
Sherlock pulled away breathlessly and spoke out once again. "You know your Dad won't approve of you being a with a boy and-" He was cut abruptly short when John silenced him with another kiss, preventing him from speaking any further.
He didn't respond and I began to panic. Pressing my fingers to his neck, I sought out his pulse, finding one but only faintly.
We stay like that for minutes, a silence penetrating the air, engulfing us. The only sound is my ragged breath as I try to console myself again, but it's futile.
“Awful. Definitely hurts more the second time round.” John finished with a yawn and pressed back into Sherlock’s hand again, encouraging him to continue rubbing his thumb against his scalp. Sherlock obliged. He could see the tiredness slowly beginning to seep back into him, the drugs taking their toll on his already weakened body. John readjusted the cannula and settled back into the pillows before closing his eyes and finally letting sleep take over.
He keeps telling himself this over and over again. He knows it’s a lie.
John can’t trust his voice. He doesn’t want this to be true. He can’t have two dead parents. “I’ll be there as soon as I can,” he says, and hangs up. Sherlock is already registering John’s face, the way his lips are pulled into a tight line, the way he moves his fingers into a clenched fist. He can see the way he is clamping his teeth together, trying to suppress any emotion whatsoever. Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what’s happened. He knows.
His voice is tiny when he finds it. "Complete or incomplete?" I want to tell him what he wants to hear, but I can't.
He doesn't say a word.
"Mr Holmes, I know that this can be very difficult for family members to cope with. We have counselling sessions and leaflets that I can provide to you to help you cope-"
John is meant to be in that hospital room surviving, not by himself in a cold mortuary waiting for a post mortem to take place to determine how he died because it sure as hell isn't going to do anything to bring him back from the bloody dead.
I sobbed uncontrollably as I supported her head in my arms, knowing that it was already too late to save her.
That grabbed Mr Watson's attention. He stopped the physical attack and turned to Sherlock, allowing John enough time to dart upwards and away from his father.
"We were speaking about John..."
“You can take my bed tonight.” John said as he held the door for Sherlock to walk by him, before turning around and shutting it. He dropped his keys back into his pocket and faced Sherlock again. “Mum’s already set up the inflatable bed. You had it last time so I thought I’d have it this time.”
I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think? The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street. Afternoon.”
Sherlock doesn't think that I will survive either, but he hopes I will. I hope I will but I can feel myself disintegrating beneath his fingertips every single time he caresses my arm or presses his soft, warms lips to my rough, chapped ones. I'm slipping away but I will hold on for as long as I can, for him.
As he reached the top of the stairs, John overlooked the window that looked down onto the garden. Even though it was inevitable that his Dad would find out in two days, they would have two days together before all hell broke loose.
The detective returned the smile, his gaze lingering on my lips before he dipped his head forward, trailing his lips over my neck, across my jaw, anywhere he could reach.
you and that is honestly one of the most brutal and painful feelings in the world.
John Watson was the epitome of the perfect child in his dad’s eyes. Always doing what was asked of him, never answering back. Unlike Harry, John wasn’t the type of teenager to spend his nights at parties in the houses of strangers he’d only met the night before. John wasn’t the type of teenager to drink the night away until the amount of alcohol consumed led to a trip to the hospital for his stomach to be pumped. John wasn’t that type of child until one day, he was.
And then that stupid case came along and all it took was one error,
John nodded but remained close to Sherlock, inhaling his scent, absorbing the aroma that was purely Sherlock. Warmth, love, cigarette smoke.
John’s smile turns sympathetic. “It’s beautiful.”
"We were going to get married. I never got to chance to become his husband." I clench my jaw as I wait for him to reply. When he doesn't respond, I continue. "I can't remember much about that day. No one's told me how he died."
"We're actually do this." Sherlock whispered in awe, watching as John kicked off his socks and shoes and shimmied out of his jeans, leaving him in nothing but his vibrant red underwear. The younger teen gulped, feeling the prominent bulge that was pressing into his thigh which caused his own erection to strain against the fabric of his own underwear.
Mycroft lowered his voice, low enough so it was only Sherlock who could hear him, and enunciated every word slowly. “Stop this. Now. Just stop it.” He paused. “How many times do I have to tell you?”
"In fact I definitely know that she was." I carded my hand through John's blonde hair, an attempt to try and comfort him. "John, do you remember last Wednesday? You called me and asked me to come over because you had been awake all night looking after your mother and Harry and your father hadn't returned." As he sniffed, John nodded once.
“Swan. She has a triangle of stars- Deneb, Altair and Vega. Mum told us how Cygnus was a deceptive constellation- her fears and anger were disguised by the beauty of Deneb, Altair and Vega. She hides her destructiveness- mum would always say she was much like a person. Whilst there was Delphinus and Equuleus and all of these other beautiful and magnificent constellations, you’d often get a constellation like Cygnus. I soon found out why she told us this story- she hides one of the most famous black holes that we know about: Cygnus X-1. The black hole represents our flaws and if we’re not careful we can be consumed by our less desirable traits, so we have to work extra hard to show our Deneb, Altair and Vega.
However, the one thing I didn't understand was why he chose me. This man with such compelling eyes and gorgeous cheekbones and an intelligence that was extraordinary. Why would he ever choose someone like me?
“Nearing on 02:00am. You can have the spare bedroom upstairs if-“ But Molly was soon interrupted.
“Come on, Sherlock. You can pull through this.” Lestrade is standing in the doorway of Sherlock’s side room in the ward, staring as the man on the bed struggles for his life to get through another overdose. “You’re stronger than this.”
Sherlock’s lips curled upwards slightly. It wasn’t much of a smile, but it was enough for John to know exactly how Sherlock felt, and that his feelings were exactly the same.
"Did you get any sleep last night?" Moving my head from left to right I give him my answer. Images from the accident kept on interrupting me and on more than one occasion I woke up screaming, holding my hand out for John to hold but realising that he wasn't there.
Mycroft answers on the first ring. Lestrade doesn’t get the chance to say anything, for Mycroft has already begun speaking. “I’m well aware of what has happened, Detective Inspector.”
“John won’t be in any fit state later. And I don’t think you will be either.” Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. Sherlock wasn’t going easily.
I don't regret it. I never will. Because finding those drugs, losing myself to the effects of them, allows me to get through it. There were days that I could just forget everything, forget John, forget the accident, forget his passing. There are still days that I find myself in those hazes, lost to the world, to everyone around me. They've tried to help but without success. Mycroft, Greg, Mike, teachers, all of them. But it doesn't work.
The streetlight flickers back on. Sherlock sits up, avoiding the needles that are littered on the concrete beside him and glances around the room shaking his head.
“Don’t cause any more trouble than necessary, Sherlock.” Mycroft stared down his nose, his eyes a threatening glare as he stared at his little brother. “I advise you to go back to Baker Street and come down.”
“Are you inebriated?” John watches as Sherlock’s eyes meet his, a fusion of greens and blues and browns that somehow shouldn’t work and yet they do.
Christ, I don't want to leave him. He was so broken when we first met, so lost. It's that brain of his. So intelligent, so brilliant, so destructive. Always needing stimulation, a distraction. He was close to breaking but I like to think I saved him from all of that, all of his demons. In fact, I know I did save him. He told me during that first night we spent together.
Turning on our sides we faced each other, our hands still intertwined between us. "Get some rest, John." I said quietly, my voice barely above a whisper. John looked at me and shook his head slightly.
Immediately I am out of the door, Lestrade following me, and I make my way to the Intensive Care Unit.
"John, darling, you need to wake up.
John sprang forward but stopped on the stairs again. "Mum...I want to get away from him."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “
“You know, John,” Mrs Hudson continued on, “you’re going to have Sherlock running round the place once you’re back at home.” She smiled lovingly at her boys, and John chuckled.
"How did I manage to be with someone as incredible as you?" His voice caught on the last word as he became flooded with emotion.
“You’re more than welcome to stay the night,” Sherlock says, pacing over to the wardrobe and retrieving John’s blankets, arranging them on the left side of the double bed. John never once lets his attention falter and he watches Sherlock, catlike and elegant, move around his room in a way that manages to be mesmerising. “I’ll text your dad, let him know you’re here. Don’t look at me like that, John.” Sherlock glances round and sees the frown that John is giving him, and John knows that he’s doing the right thing but he hates it. His father deserves to be worried. For all John cares he deserves everything he gets. A part of him despises the fact that it’s like this, that he’s behaving in such a way, but the anger he feels towards that man eradicates any rational thoughts he may have previously had. He is angry, so, so angry and now he’s crying and there are arms wrapped round him, the same arms that have comforted him so many times, and he is consoling him, telling him that
“Did he have much to say? He woke up-“
John’s smile doesn’t reach his eyes but Lestrade knows that he appreciates the comment.
People say that you go through life searching for that one person who can make you feel alive, that one person who is your other half.
He is so ill. "I'm phoning an ambulance." Sherlock says but John doesn't reply, remains focussed on his breathing. Sherlock dials the number quickly, reciting words that he has said many times before. John Watson. 24. Terminal lung cancer. There's more to be said. He doesn't want to say them, yet he has to.
John's lips twitched upwards slightly as he looked at Sherlock with admiration. "You alright?" He managed to say, voice croaky and dry. Out of all of the things John could say when he woke up after almost dying, he asked Sherlock if he was ok? The detective couldn't help but chuckle.
“Fuck off.” And just like that, Sherlock was gone.
"You've known that for a long time, Sherlock."
I wish I can hug him, bundle him up in my arms and tell him that he will recover fully. I wish I can tell him that everything will be okay and that he doesn't have to worry about anything. I wish I can protect him, but I can't, and that is what pains me more than anything.
you but I can't
"John told me I could go." I say, my voice serious as I speak to Lestrade. He glances up at me from his seat on the sofa and runs his hand through his hair.
"Which is why I want to do this now, rather than later." John coughed, tapping Sherlock on the bum to get him to move from him completely. Once Sherlock had moved, scooting to the furthest cushion of the sofa, John untangled himself from the blanket and reached his hand into his pocket.
To me, John. For so fucking long you've been-"
I was so frightened the first night we slept together and it was so stupid. He was my first partner since James and the thought absolutely terrified me.
"Right."
The detective turned his head, facing the man who was still applying pressure to his abdomen. "Lestrade?" he asked, voice laced with a mixture of panic and fear.
My knees give out and Lestrade guides me to the floor, my back pressed against the side of the car. John's heart has stopped and he's bleeding and he's injured and I can't do anything about it. My arm pulls up and I cover my face with my hand, not allowing anyone, not even Lestrade, to see my emotions- especially when they are this unstable. Lestrade has his arm around my shoulders and is imitating a regular breathing pattern, informing me to copy him.
Molly remained awake once Sherlock eventually went up to the spare bedroom, after they had both finished their tea. It took a while to persuade him to get out of his blood soaked shirt so Molly could wash it but again, he eventually agreed to it. So that’s what Molly did. She cleaned his clothes.
a disgrace to this family."
Sherlock must realise this as he lowers his head downwards. His hair brushes against my nose but I do not mind. I never have minded. His perfectly shaped lips touch mine and he breathes for me, just once, but it is enough.
John replied by running his palm along Sherlock's side, tickling the outline of each of his ribs and leaning down, pecking kisses along Sherlock's chest. Just as he was about to move, he took another look at his lover and noticed that he was...crying?
Dawn breaks through the window of the hospital room as John finally wakes up. It takes a lot of effort to finally open his eyes and when he does he’s met with blurriness. Once his vision returns he is glances around the room, notices the equipment hooked up to him and instantly knows where he is.
The two of them sat in companionable silence in Mrs Hudson’s flat as they ate bourbon biscuits and custard creams. The silence was eventually broken by Mrs Hudson who said, “John really is rather remarkable.”
“It’s Dad,” Harry tries again, this time at a much slower pace. Her voice is laced with a certain worry that makes John’s stomach drop.
"Sherlock, I can't. I'm sorry, I just..." Before he could continue, John exhaled a breath he didn't realise he'd been holding, as well as letting the tears leak freely down his cheek. They were a river, flowing aggressively down a bank with hundreds of twists and turns, a mixture of emotions finally finding their own way out after so long of being trapped inside. It was ridiculous really, constantly being terrified of someone because of how they would react to two people who happened to fall in love.
“How is he?” Molly questioned.
Molly had avoided looking at Sherlock, opting to avert her gaze to the discarded piece of toast left over on her plate. Sherlock glared at her disapprovingly.
The younger man felt a blush rising to his cheeks. Since when did he blush?
haunting me. It makes me feel sick. I can't do anything about it.
Now, though, all he sees is the way the water stays still, the only movement being when the breeze gently blows against it. He will not step into the water again.
"Did the doctor say when I can see him?"
John chuckles but it’s without humour. “It’s fake- that front he puts on. He puts it on very convincingly if I say so myself but it’s not real. He hates it. Always has, always will. He’s a dick, after all.” John raises his head and smiles. “Not to worry about him though. Let’s get dinner.”
The funeral was held on the following Sunday in their local church. His coffin was made of a beautiful oak and on top of it was a simple golden plaque with his name engraved into it. Nothing over the top or fancy- he wouldn't have liked that. Not at all.
"I knew we shouldn't have let you near Harry. She has corrupted you. You are fucking vulgar!"
"I think..." John utters, every word a struggle for him. "I can't do it."
“Sleep well?” Sherlock asks as he opens his eyes and squints at the light. John shifts his position slightly so that he is blocking the beam of light that is in Sherlock’s direct line of vision so Sherlock can look at him. John nods.
Finally, I succumb.
Mycroft glares at John, a challenge. “I am not here to meddle. Having known you for over a decade now, Dr Watson, and my brother his whole life, may I say that it is quite safe to conclude that neither you nor him have very…
An enormous sob escaped John's lips before he could finish his sentence, and he turned from infuriated to utterly pained in an instant. "She's dead and they don't care, Sherlock. They don't fucking care."
They both watch as they try to resuscitate him.
I stay standing up so that John can see me. He looks so frightened and I'm scared. So scared because I know that he will have to receive the same news that I did one day prior. I squeeze his hand tightly and he squeezes it back. Dr Pace greets John and tells him that she is going to have a word with me before she says anything further. I already know what she is going to say.
"Yes." My voice comes out sharp, quickly. "He does." The man opposite me shakes his head minutely, reflecting on the situation. I have barely spoken to him since he came with me to the hospital on the first day. I don't ask but he starts telling me his thoughts about everything.
“Where is it, where is it, where is it?” His voice spreads through the flat and suddenly John is in front of him, hands grabbing wrists, stopping Sherlock from dropping the skull to the ground. He takes Billy from Sherlock and places it back on the mantelpiece. “I’ve lost it John. I’ve lost it. I
“Not that I know of.” Molly replied. “Mycroft?” The elder Holmes brother looked up from his newspaper before folding it neatly and placing it on the spare seat beside him.
“I used to come here a lot as a child,” Sherlock says, gazing at the leaves above them, basking in the warmth of the sun. John thinks he looks beautiful. “Exploring was something I always enjoyed- even managed to drag Mycroft along with me one time.” Sherlock chuckled and shook his head. “That was a long time ago.”
“Tell him to piss off.” Sherlock strides passed John, running his hand over his face. He too can feel the stubble that he hasn’t bothered to shave, and he knows that what’s happening now is leading him down a path of self-destruction yet again, but he cannot find it in himself to care.
Reassurance.
Before John could speak any further, Sherlock had taken John's length in his hand and was slowly stroking at it, smearing the precome at the tip with the top of his thumb. "Jesus Christ, Sherlock." He continued this for a couple more minutes, teasing, leaving John in a shivering mess. "Seriously, Sherlock..." he took a sharp intake of breath, "...I need you."
“No one is here.”
“Sherlock?” John stands in the doorway to their bedroom. His hair is sticking out in all directions and he has bags under his eyes. The beginnings of a beard are showing and he’s wearing a worn jumper. Sherlock cannot help but note how exhausted he is. Seventy six hours since it happened, perhaps only nine hours of sleep since. “Mycroft’s at the door.”
It is barely three days after everything has been withdrawn that he really begins to deteriorate. He is rushed to hospital, blue lights blaring.
His voice is barely above a whisper but it is everything that I need. He will be with me. Nothing will change that.
Sherlock thinks, watching as her chest rises up and down, up and down. “There’s no point in taking any cases at the moment.”
"I want to buy beanies." John declared one morning, waking up to find Sherlock already awake, sat at his desk and dressed as immaculately as always. He wore one of his suit jackets aswell as a black dress shirt, the one that made John absolutely melt. His boyfriend was so gorgeous.
I would have done anything for John Watson.
“He can’t die.”
"No he's not." In the time it had taken for Mrs Watson to stand in front of her son, Sherlock had managed to pull on his trousers and one of John's jumpers that was residing on the chair closest to him. He was edging closer to Mr Watson, standing tall. "He has
“I said get off me!” But it was too late- Sherlock was fighting back and Lestrade was trying to restrain him. Voices were raised until finally,
I press my head slightly forward, as does he, and our lips meet in the middle, pressing together in a tender kiss. His stubble rubs against my jaw, gently bristling over my pale skin.
John bowed his head forward, nuzzling his face into the bulge in Sherlock's underwear and causing a surprised gasp from Sherlock's throat. "Yes, John. Oh God."
“I am telling you to leave, Sherlock.” Without hesitation, Lestrade had sprung to his feet, putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gesturing towards the door of the waiting room.
And that’s when he hears it. He hears the sobs, and the panic and the absolute despair that is coming from Sherlock’s throat. And he knows that Sherlock’s trying his best to not let his emotions show but it’s not working. The detective is in absolute, utter agony.
“The next few hours are vital. We should know by morning.”
“Stop this, John. Stop this right now or
Mycroft sighs and turns to face me. I can tell that he is reluctant to tell me. I know that he will not sugarcoat it.
“Don’t forget that you are too, John.” Lestrade reassures. “Rosie is a very lucky little girl, having you two as her parents.”
“Have you been having any nightmares recently? Flashbacks? It’s very common in people suffering from PTSD to experience these sort of things.”
“Papa, Daddy says that Uncle Mycroft is a moron. Is that true?” Rosie continued playing with her pirate ship in the bath as John poured more bubbles into the water. This was most certainly one of her brighter days, a day where things seemed as if they could be normal again. She giggled as she dropped one of the pirates into the water.
here, Graham?” Sherlock remained seated, though his body became noticeably more rigid. Mrs Hudson had shut the door and was loitering behind the new guests, torn between being welcoming or reprimanding for coming in uninvited.
Clamping his hand over his mouth, Sherlock let out a deep groan, whipping his head back against the pillow and exposing his neck. In an instant, John's mouth was there, licking and sucking on Sherlock's pulse point, creating a beautiful design of reds and blues and purples. He licked a trail of saliva along Sherlock's neck, across his jaw and finally reaching his mouth, all the while his thrusts becoming increasingly harder and harder.
I manoeuvred myself into a crouching position and held out my hands for John, waiting for him to hold onto them. When he did, I noticed the corner of his lip twitch upwards into what could only be described as a smile. Not a very big one, but a smile nonetheless.
Their mouths meet again and John cannot help but smile when he feels Sherlock’s mouth pull up into a smirk. Sherlock collapses beside John on the dirt, laughing, panting. They remain silent, watching the clouds drift slowly against the blue, travelling to locations far, far away.
“A couple of hours ago I suppose. I’m fine.” The sky is dark now and the street lights have turned on, illuminating the darkness of Sherlock’s living room. The orange light emits a glow that reaches Sherlock’s face, making every one of his features more prominent, more beautiful. He smiles, and Sherlock lifts a hand to his shoulder. The touch is delicate, just a brush of fingertips to the cotton of his shirt but an eruption of warmth ignites within him and he is
he thinks, or, he would do if he had any rational thought left in him. If he could think properly, he would be remembering the correct methods used to minimise the impact of a gunshot wound. But no. All he's thinking now is
“Well?” Asked Lestrade.
“Yep, two more. We’re watching them at some point.” John wraps his arm around Sherlock’s waist and rest his head on his shoulder. He finds it so relaxing just sitting here without the worry of having to make conversation, without the worry of someone asking him what’s wrong. It’s
"Are you sure?" Sherlock asked; he knew that John had already agreed to this. That didn't stop him from asking if he was certain.
John's whole body had tensed, quivers darting along his limbs. One year was definitely not an option. John had been living in fear of this man for his whole life. He didn't show any regard for his entire family: all they were to him were his punch bags. Not only that, he had extremely strong beliefs and what he said was right. There was no arguing with that.
"What am I meant to say?" John asks, struggling to breathe as he says his words. The fingers on his left hand twitch slightly and I reach out to him, locking our fingers together, caressing my thumb over the palm of his hand. He's absolutely freezing. The doctor coughs, the movement causing another agonising jolt of pain to attack his body. Pressing his eyes shut, he releases a sob. He cries and he cries and I let him. This is the first time since the diagnosis that he has cried and I will not be the one to prevent him from doing so.
“Yes.” Within an instant, Sherlock was on his feet and grasping the doctor’s hand in a firm handshake.
John sat on the sofa sipping at a glass of water. Wrapped around him was, not only a blanket, but Sherlock aswell. The two of them had decided to have a Lord of the Rings trilogy, considering they were John's favourite films. However, they only managed to get through The Fellowship of the Ring and half of The Two Towers before John started to become uncomfortable, tiredness getting the better of him. He wasn't going to let that stop him.
"My boyfriend who I could ravish right this instant." The laptop made a beeping sound as Sherlock sent off an e-mail, before he swiveled on his chair to peer at John.
"John, darling. A mum knows these types of things. The way you two look at each other, it really is hard to miss." A small chuckle came from his Mum as she said this, causing John to grin ever so slightly aswell. Sherlock made his way upstairs, into John's bedroom so that he could leave him and his Mum alone for a while, not wanting to ruin such an important moment for John. Relief flooded through Sherlock's system- John's mum was accepting and that was what mattered. However, it was inevitable that John was going to have to tell his Dad soon. An uneasy sense of dread mingled in with Sherlock's relief as he finally reached the bedroom.
“It’s time to go.” And he does. He manages to manoeuvre himself out from under John and Mycroft pulls him up, and suddenly they’re together in an embrace that has Sherlock sobbing into Mycroft’s shoulder. They stand there, just the two of them and Sherlock cries. He screams. And Mycroft doesn’t say a word, just hugs him tighter.
I don't do that.
I tell John not to worry, just focus on me, the ambulance will be here soon. All of the things that people say when things like this happen. He's not paying attention to that though. His hands are shaking so much and he can't control them. I reach for them with my own, which are shaking just as much as his are, if not more, and hold him.
Because one moment everyone was fine and it was just another simple drive. Everything was going smoothly until it wasn't.
“Sherlock, listen to me.” John cups Sherlock’s face in his hands, presses his forehead to his husband’s. Sherlock holds on to John’s wrists, closing his eyes. “We’ll get through this, ok?”
"I love you, Sherlock Holmes." I said, my voice catching on his name. "I love you."
“John-“ Mr Watson spurs upwards, ready to tend to his son, but John pushes him backwards which causes him to slam back into the corner of the table.
Sherlock pushed the condom onto John's cock, allowing him a few minutes to recover before finally spreading his legs wide, giving John a full view of his entrance. Taking John's hand in his own, he guided it forward until one of John's fingers was pressing against his tender skin.
“And Sherlock?” John finishes making the coffees, handing one to Lestrade and taking a sip of his own.
I am starting to feel afraid now. A nervous feeling is fluttering around in my stomach, making its presence ever known. I can feel the invisible hands still pulling at me, trying to introduce me into a new world that I do not want to visit, not just yet.
"Bedroom?" I managed to breathe out and suddenly Sherlock had taken my hand in his own and was somehow simultaneously undressing me as we made our way to the bed.
Not at all like you. But I saw how much he meant to you, how your face would light up at the mere mention of his name. Love, I always thought, was a confusing subject. All of the passion that two people can build together creates this incredible cacophony of desire and destruction, screaming at you all the time whilst you maintain your relationship. Yet, you elect to ignore those screams, choosing to follow through with your heart rather than your head, right up until the end. You cared for John, Sherlock, and it has only made the pain and the grief worse for you."
“She’s a teenager, what do you bloody expect?” His fingers pressed harder against Mrs Watson’s shoulder as she again attempted to turn around.
" He snarled, gesturing his hand between John and Sherlock. He started making his way over to John, the small amount of calmness that had been there moments before completely disregarded. Mr Watson was absolutely pissed.
“Myc-“
Mrs Watson was in the doorway aswell, her eyes wide open with a mixture of fright and nerves. She looked to John and then to Sherlock who had scrambled under the covers by that point, and grimaced. This was not good.
"Sherlock Holmes." The box felt heavy in his hands as he opened it, presenting the simple yet gorgeous golden band that resided in there. "Would you do me the honour of becoming my husband?"
Glancing over at John, Sherlock noticed the fear consume his eyes and his fists start to clench. He looked to Sherlock for comfort but he couldn't do or say anything in that moment in time. 'It's okay.' Sherlock mouthed and nodded again. John could do this. He had to do this.
and every beat is comforting.
It’s a Saturday morning, exactly 23 days since Mum died. Every day that John wakes up the realisation that his mother will never see him again hits him like a punch to the stomach and he wants to throw up, wants to scream at the top of his lungs.  The pain is a constant unrelenting attack on his body and it makes him feel weak. He knows it shouldn’t- grief is something that he knows is overwhelming and agonising and horrible but he just
"Sherlock," he begins, still struggling to catch his breath "what the hell is wrong?" I begin pacing the length of the living room whilst he looks at me, eyes wide with concern although he is trying to disguise it (poorly, might I add). In one erratic movement I am at the table, smashing my fist into it repeatedly in an attempt to release all of my inner frustrations. Lestrade is on his feet but I hold my hand out, palm facing him to tell him to stay back.
“Dad!” John called from the bottom of the staircase. John’s mother turned her head and saw her son, a plea in her eyes for him to help. “Let go of her. Now.” John began to move, one foot on the bottom step, then the next. However, just as he was about to make his way up to the next step, John heard the sharp intake of breath as the force of Mr Watson releasing his grip caused his mum to lose her balance.
"I can't believe he's gone." I finally said, never taking my eyes away from the blue.  Greg turned to face me and placed his hand on my shoulder, following my gaze with his own.
He places it back inside the drawer and shuts it.
“John, don’t let go of her, ok? Just hold her.” Sherlock adjusted himself so he was kneeling and pressed his fingers against Mrs Watson’s neck, feeling for a pulse. When he removed his fingers there was a trace of his fingerprints against the alabaster skin. “Shit.” He muttered beneath his breath.
“Ok. Fucking hell.” John strides over to the front desk and grabs the attention of the lady behind the glass. “A man has just been admitted by the name of Frank Watson. An OD. Could you tell me where he is please?”
“Soldiers.”
- causes another burst of irritability. He has no right to give him this look. “
I press my eyes together and shake my head, unwilling to accept that. How had he not died on impact?
“It was a heroin overdose.” Sherlock interrupted abruptly, eyes scanning her from head to toe.
"Take me."
“Get off of me.”
Because if he was here, this would have been better. I would have the determination to get through it because I would have had something to live for. Now everything seems dull and there doesn't seem to be any hope of anything getting better at all. I want John and I can't have him and it hurts so fucking much.
In one smooth movement Sherlock was laying on his back, John towering over him, both of their lips red and swollen from the kiss.
I want to throw up.
John was silent for a while, taking in everything I had said. Eventually he spoke, his voice quiet and muffled. "I'm so grateful that I have you, do you know that Sherlock?" He seemed to already know my answer as I felt him snuggle closer to me and press his lips to my clavicle.
The nurse, who has only been working in the hospital for the past couple of weeks, clearly hasn't dealt with a situation like this before and I can tell that she is uncertain about what she is supposed to say or do.
“No. No, no, no.” Lestrade turns and he sees Sherlock’s silhouette against the streetlight. He sees the way Sherlock has dragged John so that John’s back is pressed against Sherlock’s chest, and he sees the way Sherlock cradles John’s head in a way that is so tender, so gentle, that it seems almost like an intrusion to be watching the scene play out. He sits against the wall with his legs on either side of John’s body and holds him, hoping, trying to believe that this isn’t real.
"Jesus. He really said that?" He is not trying to disguise his shock at what I have just told him and then, as if he is afraid of what I might say, he speaks again, voice muttered as he lets the words come out. "You're not going to leave him." It is more of a statement than a question but there is still a hint of uncertainty with his words.
“Downstairs.”
I stop in my tracks and finally stare at him, my eyes boring into his. "Why-" I respond, my teeth clenched together to refrain from shouting at him, "would I leave him?" He seems to realise that I am angry and his posture tenses up- defensive.
"I must inform you there is a possibility that aswell as his legs unable to function, there could be other impacts as a result of the injury. Some types of spinal cord damage means that he may not have bladder or bowel control nor any sexual function. It will take time, that is for certain. In any situations like these we have to wait for the swelling to go down before we can rule things out and make the correct diagnosis. However, due to the vertebrae that have been damaged and the nerve areas that have affected, it is quite likely that these functions will be hindered. I am extremely sorry, sir."
It was three weeks after John's fall that he proposed.
"Does he know the extent of his injuries?"
He comes almost everyday. Even the British government has time to spare for his baby brother. I think if it wasn't for him, I would have topped myself by now. Every time I think about ending it all, I am reminded of my idiocy by Mycroft. I would never die an idiot. So I stay.
And he's gone, just like that. My lifeline, my best friend, my husband, my everything.
He is gone and so is mum and Kaylei and James. They're all gone. And I'm still here.
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist, his heels digging in to the muscles of his back as John lined himself up with Sherlock. Their hands managed to find each other's again, fingers intertwining, locking onto each other.
"James! Leave him- no don't! James!" Mrs Watson screams tore through John's bedroom as she clawed at her husband, piercing her nails into his biceps to draw him away from John. To stop attacking him. And he was attacking- savagely smashing his fist over and over again into John's cranium. Sherlock didn't have time to even think about his own injury before he was by John's side, trying his best to yank his father away from him.
The ambulance arrives within a few minutes and John is cleaned up. They put a couple of stitches in his head, not too many, and Sherlock stays by his side the whole time. Once the paramedics have left they go up to Sherlock’s bedroom, thankful that they don’t need to explain to Sherlock’s parents why an ambulance has turned up at their house, since they are away for the evening. John contemplates this for a moment. Even if they were here, he’s sure they would understand. Sherlock’s parents always have been the caring type.
he would say.
"Sherlock and you. You're dating one another." Mrs Watson gave her son a friendly smile as she pulled him into a hug, stroking his hair as they let the news sink in.
I nod my head again, my mouth and throat too dry to get any words out. The doctor looks at me, a sympathetic smile on her lips. I don't want to know what she will say next, but I need to find out. Lestrade suggests I go outside for a minute to calm down. He would be willing to pass on the information to me. However, I can't do that. I need to know first hand.
“Alright, alright, I was just trying to be kind but-“
“Harry- listen to me. Harry!” His sister finally stops speaking. “You need to slow down. I can’t understand what you’re saying.”
“I’m sending you to rehab.”
"Yes, do tell me something I do not already know." Sherlock can feel the anger slowly beginning to rise within him, days of pent up grief suddenly beginning to take the better of him, urging him to do something that he will most surely regret.
John wiped a tear from his face and spun around, leaving Sherlock and Harry to stand face to face. Right now, he didn’t care about anything.
“He did.” Mycroft’s voice grew louder as he stepped further into 221B, umbrella tapping ceaselessly against the floorboards. “Though my brother and I have some…things…to sort out.”
After a lot of struggling and shouting, Lestrade managed to get Sherlock in the back of a police car. He thought it would be a little too harsh on him if he were to take him to the station (although he had every reason to) so instead, he took him to the one place where he knew he would be looked after. Lestrade had considered taking him back to Baker Street but after much thought he decided it would be best if Sherlock wasn’t anywhere near Mrs Hudson, not when he was so vulnerable and aggressive. They hadn’t informed Mrs Hudson of what had happened to John yet.
“Got any biscuits?” Smiling, Mrs Hudson patted the detective on the shoulder, a warm smile on her face.
John lays awake on the sofa, listening as Sherlock plays Rosie’s lullaby over and over and over again on the violin. He’s been playing for hours, insisting that he’s fine. Occasionally the violin will screech, and John knows that Sherlock’s thinking too much again, becoming distracted from the notes he is playing. That great brain of his, lost. Confused.
John’s body is crumpled against the wall on the opposite side of the alley and, despite the darkness of the night, it’s hard to miss the blood. Lestrade doesn’t want to accept it, no more than Sherlock wants to accept it, but it’s hard to deny it.
"Please, John." Sherlock cupped his hands around John's face, brushing his fingers over the tender skin of his cheeks, gently caressing the nape of John's neck. The duvet became removed as Sherlock adjusted his position, straddling John's hips as he continued to kiss his partner. The two of them remained silent as Sherlock moved over John's body, gripping onto the cream coloured fabric of John's jumper and quickly discarding it to the side.
"I know." I really do.
"Just be here for me." He says and I know how difficult it is for him to ask me this. But I will oblige and I will do absolutely anything I can to support him.
Dr Pace is sitting silently, listening to my rant. A part of me knows that she doesn't deserve my abuse thrown at her and that what I am doing to her is completely unfair. She is looking after John and helping him and I am extremely grateful for that. But I am not calm and she is the only person I can talk to. My mouth is moving before my brain functions properly.
“And why are
But I can't. John doesn't want me to and the rational part of my mind is telling me that no good would have come of it. They're not a criminal who is specifically going out of their way to harm someone. They are just people who happened to be at the wrong place, at the wrong time.
"You're a couple?" She asked kindly, not a single hint of disappointment in her voice.
Lestrade returns and places a hand on my shoulder but I break. I am overcome with emotions. Suddenly I am enveloped and he is gripping me in a tight hug and I am sobbing, uncontrollably. This wasn't supposed to happen. It never should have happened!
saying this? After all they’ve been through in the past three weeks John finds it incredibly difficult to comprehend the fact that she doesn’t believe him. He feels Sherlock’s grip tighten again. He twitches his head to the side.
And whilst Lestrade could acknowledge that taking him away from John whilst he was in this state probably wasn’t the best idea, it was certainly better than allowing him to stay in the hospital, agitated, and possibly disrupting John when he could finally see him. Now was definitely not the time to be high on cocaine.
"No, John. Listen to me. You have nothing to apologise for."
The ring still sits on his left hand, still feels heavy. It turns out that John had been planning the proposal for weeks, had even spoken with Sherlock's parents to ask for his hand in marriage. Of course they agreed. It wasn't only Mycroft who had acknowledged the connection between John and himself.
"They're acting like nothing's fucking happened. How could they do that?" The boy in front of me took a swig of the alcohol, grimacing as the liquid travelled down his throat. There was an anger to his voice that I had not heard before. "They treated her like utter shit when she was here and-"
I stood to the side as I watched Lestrade lean over the frail figure on the bed, giving him what could only be described as a goodbye hug. Tears which he had been trying so hard to suppress spilled over as he spoke to John, thanking him for being his friend. And it was as if John knew something was happening, knew that Greg had said the first goodbye because in that instant, everything changed and John was going too, moving on.
“What-” another pause. “How bad?”
The violin screeches again. It’s 04:03am.
“I could ask you the same question.”
"Neurological examinations are tomorrow." I eventually grit out, still looking down at the floor. "12:30pm, although with how incompetent the majority of the nurses are over at the hospital it will most likely be at four." A small chuckle is elicited from Lestrade and I manage to relax slightly as I look up at him. Venturing over the living room I collapse into my chair, toeing my shoes off once I am seated. "Motor, sensory and reflex will be tested."
The violin stops. The light is beginning to break through the curtains.
I can't stop thinking about you Sherlock and it's absolutely killing me. And it's not like the last time. You're not going to come back and just the thought of that is absolutely agonising. I think it's worse than the last time, though. Last time they didn't let me near. I only touched your wrist before I had been pulled away from you. This time... Jesus Sherlock. I couldn't help you. You were bleeding out in my fucking arms and there was nothing I could do to save you.
Rosie wakes up screaming, the agony becoming unbearable. Most of the day had been spent sleeping. In fact, most of the past two days had been Rosie sleeping and being sick. Her Papa and Daddy are by her side in an instant, trying to soothe her, to calm her down. She burrows her head into the crook of John’s arm, cries and screams disrupting the silence of the night. She’s only six, doesn’t know how to cope with the pain. Her doctors had told Sherlock and John to start preparing. They could take her home (and she had been home for just over four days) but if they had any concerns to phone for an ambulance immediately.
how weak he feels. Harry is mourning too and John should be there for her but he isn’t. Throughout his entire life he has tried to prioritise Harry over anyone, during the nights she’d lie awake in the hospital after another drunken evening, John would be the one by her side. When she and Clara separated John was Harry’s shoulder to cry on. Now, in the time that Harry needs him most, John can’t bring himself to see her. He can barely bring himself to stay in the house, let alone be with his family. John clears his throat.
Sherlock’s not crying. It takes everything he has to not cry, but he manages not to. Instead he’s shaking, pent up anger releasing itself into his blood stream before suddenly he snaps and lunges at the discarded corpse laying no more than two metres away. The silence is interrupted, and all the noise that can be heard is the repeated
John was left speechless, unable to comprehend what Sherlock was saying to him. He knew it was true but accepting that it was true was an entirely different story. Hearing Sherlock's thoughts on the matter was truly and utterly heartbreaking.
In one slow movement he pulled my jumper over my head, exposing my stomach, my chest, my scar. When I saw his eyes glance towards my shoulder, I inwardly cringed. Sherlock seemed to realise this and lowered his head forward, capturing my lip between his teeth before darting his tongue out and sealing our lips once again. "Don't be afraid, John."
"Sherlock..." The young man hears his name being spoken softly, by a man who he had not expected to see in this location. His feet begin to move, carefully treading along the grass until he reaches the bank, and perches down next to Sherlock who still has the cigarette butt clenched between his thumb and finger.
“Make sure he stays here, ok? I would take him back to mine but clearly he’s not impressed with me at the moment. No surprises there, though.” Lestrade chuckled slightly. If he didn’t laugh he thought he may have lost his temper instead. “But if he does cause any trouble call me or Mycroft. Make sure he gets some rest. We’ll let you know if there are any updates on John.”
Perching on the kitchen stool that Sherlock dragged into the bathroom, John looked at himself in the mirror. His face looked gaunt, skin pale, nasal cannula firmly in place. Beside him was his portable oxygen tank, the one that he carried with him anywhere and everywhere. He hated that thing, hated the looks that he got when he wheeled it along to his uni lectures.
"I'll go until I'm too weak. I want to try and remain as normal as possible." John shifted in his bed, turning his head so that he was facing Sherlock. Sherlock, who up until that point had been completely nonplussed, felt a tear threaten to spill over. How could this happen? Why him? What did John do to deserve something as utterly awful as this? There was no reason as to why this horrendous disease chose to live off John, thrive on his life as he only became weaker. Why was that fair?
“I thought we could have a games night?” Mrs Holmes says and frowns, but then she looks at her son and looks at John and can’t help but give in. “Don’t get in to any trouble. John, I trust you will keep him in his place.”
"Mum...I...fuck, this is hard. Sher-..." Sherlock remained in the corner of the room, not wanting to interrupt. This was John's decision and Sherlock would let him speak in his own time.
"Some morons thought it'd be hilarious to try on provoke me on the way to the lecture. I retaliated, of course, which led to this." Sherlock pointed towards his face before shaking his head slightly. "But that doesn't matter. How are you?"
"I'm coming home," I say as I look to the stars. It's the middle of the night- Sherlock hasn't even been dead for 24 hours. "I'm coming home," I say. And just like that, I am finally gone aswell.
"On the way to the hospital John was successfully resuscitated once but the blood loss and internal damage was too much and he passed away during the surgery. The doctors told me that if he survived, he wouldn't have had a good quality of life. He wouldn't have been able to do anything for himself."
I don't remember anything after that.
"You need some sleep."
Sherlock found John ten minutes later sitting on a wooden bench which overlooked the carpark. He perched down beside John and began to rummage in his pocket.
"Please do spare me the 'I told you so talk'. As you can see, I am really not up to the idea of having this conversation." Sherlock scoffs, shaking his head in disbelief as he listens to his brother. After all that has happened in the past couple of days, did Mycroft really deem it wise to make judgements on his and John's relationship?"
Sherlock curls in on himself and presses the needle in to his vein. He can no longer feel the jab when it is pressed into his skin, or the rush in his bloodstream when the drugs are injected. He’s shivering and clammy and
“You need to get some sleep.” This time, he didn’t argue.
The darkening sky watches him die. It watches over him with all of the power and might of the world, and the stars twinkle as they see the life draining from another man. And with all that power and all that might comes the silence, a silence which is so agonising, so pressing that it seems cruel. John wants to scream.
I’m not going to let mum’s death drag me back. I can’t. She never would have wanted that for me.”
No words will come to him, so he doesn’t say anything, and then Mycroft is moving away from him and towards Sherlock.
Sherlock crossed his legs and listened as Patricia recited what she had probably said a hundred times before.
"You don't mind that he's... a boy?" John mentally slapped himself. Of course she didn't mind! She was perfectly okay with Harry being with Clara. What difference would it make if John was with Sherlock?
"He is
"Ugh. Sherlock. I think I'm going-"
I don't realise how long we've been in the car but soon I don't know where John is. A paramedic is standing above me, placing an oxygen mask over my mouth and nose. I am somehow being manoeuvred onto what I can only assume is a spinal board, my neck being supported with a brace.
They made quick effort of discarding each other’s clothes until it was nothing but them, wrapped up in the sheets in Sherlock’s bedroom. Breathing heavily, panting, moaning.
I was out of the front door immediately. It's funny how when you are faced with a situation like that, you don't think directly about what is happening. Stupid things that have no meaning or relation to what you're doing at that minute race through your mind.
"I'm sorry." John says, throat dry, barely audible. I manoeuvre the two of us so that I am the one sitting with my back against the wall and he is between my legs, his back slouched against my chest.
You were gasping. Couldn't catch your breath. Blood just kept spilling between my fingers, bubbling out of your mouth and onto your lips. But you wouldn't stop looking at me. You knew you were dying. You didn't try and mask it.
“Brother,” he says in a way that Lestrade has never heard from the elder Holmes: it’s sympathetic and subdued. “Little brother.” And when his little brother doesn’t look up, Mycroft says his name. “Sherlock.”
“What? No-” She held a shaking hand to her mouth as she looked Sherlock, the shock of the statement finally making itself evident. “Oh, Sherlock. Is he-”
The gun drops to the ground. Lestrade knows his training and he knows that he should grab the gun and call for backup. He knows he should. He knows what the consequences would be if he didn’t. But he
“How could I forget Bluebell?” Sherlock stood there, staring at the man on the bed. After a while, John spoke.
“Please do ignore my brother, Mrs Hudson. No doubt he’s only here to interfere with our business.”
“I’m Dr Patrick Holden. Would you mind if we stepped over into my office for a moment?” The doctor released his grip on Sherlock and gestured to his right, motioning to a door with the aforementioned name presented on it. Sherlock followed and took the seat offered to him as Dr Holden sat on the opposite side of his desk.
on the floor. The worst part of it was, John knew, was Sherlock believing that he was deserving of it. That John was entitled.
We stripped ourselves of our remaining clothes until it was just us two, our bodies slick with sweat, breaths coming out in short, ragged gasps.
Peering at Sherlock, John pulled his mouth into a straight line and kneeled on the floor beside his Mum. However, before John could say anything, Mrs Watson stood up, disregarded her son briefly and made her way over to Sherlock, embracing him in an awkward hug.
“Hello?” He asks. John cannot make out what is being said, though he can hear the mumbled voice coming through the speaker. Sherlock frowns before passing the phone to John, not saying a word. John wonders why whoever it was couldn’t have phoned John on his mobile before he realises that he must have left it in Sherlock’s bedroom. The only other person who John knew to have Sherlock’s number was Harry.
"What will happen next?" Dr Pace sits up straighter, pulling her shoulders back and focussing on me. "Tomorrow we have planned for a neurological examination for around 12:30pm. This procedure is always compulsory after a patient has received a spinal cord injury as it tests the extent of the injury and whether or not their responses are fully functioning."
She begins speaking but her voice is quiet. Instead of going straight into the diagnosis, she offers me a glass of water or a cup of tea. I do not want that. I want to know how John is doing.
Lowering my hand, I carefully clasped John's swollen hand in my own, delicately caressing his tender skin with my thumb. I lifted his hand, pressing a gentle kiss onto each individual fingertip as a reassurance, a promise.
He was so beautiful, in fact, he still is. Ghosts of words were whispered into each others lips as the night drew on, our story continuing, each chapter laid out, every word selected with precision. His eyes spoke of his admiration, the way he looked at me as if I was the most delicate, astonishing thing he ever had the privilege of witnessing. Everyone deserves that type of love. I am proud to say that I reciprocated that same amount of adoration for him, aswell. He deserves it so much.
“She’s fine!” Mr Watson sputtered, coming into view at the top of the stairs. His eyebrows were drawn down in an angry glare and his knuckles were white from where he gripped his wife’s shoulder.
does it hurt. He cannot help but release a panicked whimper from his throat.
I'm becoming the person I never wanted to be. Alcohol lends its hand in numbing my awareness. I find it is quite useful. I hate myself for it.
"His parents." I manage, my mouth dry. My voice cracks slightly and I turn my head away, willing her not to see me. She doesn't say anything, just puts her hand on my shoulder and guides me to the room where they are sat together on a sofa, faces red and blotchy from where they have been crying. They both look up to me when I walk in the room and immediately Mrs Watson's eyes fill with tears again and she is standing up, wrapping her arms around me in an embrace that leads me to believe that I am about to be suffocated.
Lestrade is the first person I see when I wake up. He looks absolutely drained-as if he hasn't seen sleep in a lifetime. "You've been out for a couple of weeks." He says groggily. "They didn't know whether you'd make it or not."
The second bird in the sky is Cygnus-“
Sherlock gestured to the ground and laid down in the exact groove that John had, holding his hand out so that John could follow suit. “I’d sit here with Redbeard when I thought the world was getting too much. He didn’t mind. He’d curl up against my legs and usually fall asleep, that is until I woke him up after the sun had set and we’d walk home in the dark.”
“Sherlock, dear-“
Mr Watson sits at the kitchen table, head in his hands and fist clenching the fair hair that is slowly becoming speckled with flecks of grey, just another tell-tale sign of the stress that has entailed since his wife died. Weary lines have begun to make themselves present on the man’s forehead, giving him the appearance of a man far beyond the years of the 45 he already has. Down at the other end of the table John is on his feet staring at the shattered glass remains of the cup that had previously held his water. Shards are scattered over the linoleum, glistening from the evening sun that shines through the window. “Just give me a break.”
You're right, I do.
"Come back." The man says, voice masked, emotions hidden.
Eventually I pull away and stand up, wiping the tears away from my cheeks. I return back to myself.
She is saying something to him, trying to make him aware of his situation but she could be speaking a foreign language for all John cares, because he can’t understand what she’s saying. He can’t focus on her, nor her words. The woman’s face is blurred and her speech is murmured and John can’t find it in himself to actually care.
"Sherlock!" No reply.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft interrupts, his voice cutting. The same exhaustion was there as the night before but his voice isn’t emotionless. He’s angry. “I am not seeing my little brother die.”
“What the hell was that show in there?” John spins around at the sound of Harry’s voice and rubs his eyes. Sherlock remains behind him, one hand on his hip as he watches the encounter that is about to ensue. Harry steps forward, only about a foot away from John and slaps him hard across the face. His head snaps to the side with the force of the blow and Sherlock steps forwards, ready to intervene, but John’s hand pressing back against Sherlock’s hip warns him to not do anything.  “You deserved that,” Harry says, and John agrees.
My original intentions of texting Lestrade were so I could inform him of what was happening but I realise that I can't. Speaking to someone who has a personal connection to John makes the whole ordeal seem more of a reality. I am still terrified to accept our new reality. Lestrade doesn't seem to notice my falter and continues. "You never expect anything like this to happen to someone like him. Fuck, I see awful injuries all of the time but I've never known the people involved. Never thought it could happen to someone I have a friendship with."
“What is going on here?” Mrs Hudson asked, clearly confused at the dispute that was inevitably going to ensue. Mycroft turned his body to face Mrs Hudson, his face a look of pure seriousness.
"Right."
Before they found out that he had died, our classmates made him cards, wishing him the best of luck in his recovery. Our teacher gave me the cards to give to him.
The elder Holmes makes his way over to the chair beside Sherlock’s bed and sits down before taking a proper look at his brother. Needle marks dot their way all up his arm and his skin is sallow and pale, telling them just how sick Sherlock really is. His cheeks are hollow and a sheen of sweat is covering his face, only emphasising how ill he looked.
“What were they arguing about?” Harry interrupted, shooting John with a harsh glare that told him that she was taking no shit whatsoever. She was angry, just as much as John was.
John only nods. They’d discussed it, of course, but neither thought they’d reach that stage so soon. “Her bed or our bed tonight?” John asks, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
When I was five years old I had to watch my mother die of cancer. It was awful and confusing but I was only little and just did not understand what was going on. So I carried on, going through everyday with my Dad and sister. It was normal and I survived.
Rays of sunlight break through the curtains of the bedroom the next morning, enrapturing the room and all of its contents in a halo of warmth and brightness. John rolls to the side and smiles at the sight of Sherlock, brunette hair wild atop his forehead and sticking out in all directions.
John glanced at Sherlock, his face a picture of utter confusion. Sherlock, realising the look John was giving him, elaborated. “Our cousins are delinquents. Mischievous. Well, that’s what our aunt calls them. We’d call them idiotic. They’ve always disliked uncle Rudi- a justified dislike, I would say. He’s an idiot as well. Unfortunately for him he would class them as his favourite nephews and asked them to do the projections. It was never going to end well.”
John paused. “John.
“If you’ll follow me.”
“But I am not willing to talk about my personal life with my patients.”
They manage to resuscitate him. Early the next morning Sherlock pulls through and wakes to find himself alone, not that he is bothered by it at all. He assesses himself and determines immediately that he is well enough to leave. Swinging his legs round, albeit with much difficulty, Sherlock manages to stand on shaky legs, not quite registering that it probably would have been best to disconnect himself from all of the machines before trying to get away from them.
Then suddenly he wasn't.
“You.” John replied, any hint of emotion erased from his voice. “They were arguing about you.”
“Can I get you a drink? Tea, coffee, water?”
you. Please.” John groaned as Sherlock pressed his body against his on the bed, mouth trailing up John’s neck before finally meeting his lips. “Please.”
I heard the screeching of tyres before I actually witnessed what was happening. I snapped my head up and first saw John, frozen to the spot in the centre of the road. Before I could even turn my head, or shout to him to
Back at Sherlock’s house the two find themselves in Sherlock’s room watching a film. It’s some film that Sherlock can’t remember the name of but John seems to like it and at the moment Sherlock really doesn’t find it in anyone’s best interests to criticise it as they watch, so he remains silent. They’re both sitting on Sherlock’s bed, Sherlock on the left, John on the right. The laptop is placed on Sherlock’s lap and John is leaning against him as they both look at the screen. When it finishes Sherlock closes the laptop before shoving it to the side.
For the first time in years I was glad to be alive.
Whatever Mycroft had to say next, he didn’t succeed in doing so. Sherlock is in the rain with a hand pressed against his brother’s throat. The umbrella is discarded on the ground beside them. “May I remind you, brother dear, that Rosie is
"I'm dying."
They were just beginning to fall asleep, still in one another's arms when they were startled awake by a thumping on the bedroom door.
"I hate this." Sherlock tightened his hold on John's smaller body. "Hiding. Having to do things in secret so that fucking dickhead doesn't find out. Fuck. I'm so pathetic."
Sherlock,
“Stay away from me.” John spits back, his voice vehement and laced with a venom for which he didn’t think he was capable of. “Just stay back.” John doesn’t look at his father,
They remain quiet for minutes, listening to the chirping of birds as they build their nests. A cool breeze introduces itself,
Eventually I persuade him to go to sleep again; he is clearly exhausted- physically and mentally. He pleads for me to stay with him. When you see someone who is usually so independent and reliant on himself do that, you realise how serious a situation is. I am reluctant to leave him but I know that it will be best for him if he gets his rest. John does manage to get to sleep after I speak to him, telling him that I will stay for as long as he needs me to. The guilt that overwhelms me when I tell him this is painful- he needs me with him all of the time. I can't be with him all of the time and he knows that. Stupid hospital regulations.
"John, you need to be rational about this. We can wait one more year. We will both be over eighteen, out of school - we can get our own place and then we can tell him. I don't want you to get hurt if you tell him too soon." Swiftly, Sherlock took John's shaky hands in his own and rubbed soothing circles into the palm.
Sherlock looks at the bed now, looks at the pillow in the middle, the little dent where their daughter had slept. Her teddy bear rests on the pillow, its head drooping slightly, the threads keeping it together beginning to fray. They both refuse to move it back into her room.
"You and I, John. Forever."
Harriet Poppy Watson was twenty one years old when she lost her baby brother.
“I can’t imagine how he’s feeling.” She didn’t need to say anymore to Lestrade for him to know what she meant. Sherlock had never been good at dealing with emotions in any situation, let alone dealing with something as traumatic as this. They knew what John was to Sherlock. If something came in the way of those two it was utterly unpredictable what either man would do. They were two parts to one whole. Molly and Lestrade knew this.
“Where have they taken him?” John asks her, straight to the point. He doesn’t try to console her.
"John, you really don't need me to explain why." Resting his elbows on his knees, Sherlock continued. "It only makes sense."
"What?"
His skin is turning a sickly shade of white- too white, and his breaths are coming out in a laboured rhythm. He doesn't stop looking at me.
Mr Watson arrives out of nowhere, two coffees in his hand until they're not in his hand and there's a puddle of hot liquid pooling around his feet, covering his worn shoes.
Lestrade managed to clasp the handcuffs around Sherlock’s wrists.
“John, leave him alone! He’s your Dad!” It’s Harry. Immediately John lets go and there are nurses surrounding the bed tending to his dad. Sherlock drags him away from the scene and into the corridor, not before he sees Harry looking at him, her face a picture of shock and anger.
are the one that caused this. Mum is dead because of
“Did we-“
"You fell in love with him so quickly." It is not a question. It is an acknowledgement. "I doubted him, Sherlock. This man, so ordinary, so plain, so
“Come to lecture me too?” Sherlock snarled as Molly entered the living room, two cups of tea in her hands.
He said more. John didn’t listen.
"I said I'm dying."
Suddenly John is jolted awake from his sleep, soaked in sweat and screaming, terrified. He’s used to it by now. The dingy little bedsit in London is the last place he wants to be whilst suffering from PTSD. It’s small and cramped and horrendous and John wants out. He doesn’t want to be here, he doesn’t want these
“You said, ‘still has trust issues.”
Instead I stare up at the ceiling, my eyes prickling with tears.
"I can't." John managed, inhaling before he pulled away and sat beside Sherlock on their bed, dropping his head into his hands and releasing a sob. Immediately Sherlock was on the floor in front of his boyfriend, not bothering to re-do the buttons on his shirt, and holding onto John's wrists, lowering them from his face.
John thinks as he lays in the dirt covered in his own blood, sweat and excrement. He can’t even find it in himself to be humiliated.
I do not sleep.
"The impact of the car caused the L2-L5 vertebrae to shatter, as well as the S2-S4 vertebrae. Fragments of these bones have torn into the spinal cord, thus severing it. I can assure you that John will be in no pain at the minute as he is on extremely strong and effective painkillers. He is in the best place that he could be."
And so we swim.
“We all did.” Lestrade reassures him with what he hopes to be a sympathetic smile but turns in to more of a grimace.
"Caring for someone when it is not necessary is definitely not an advantage. When you began your acquaintanceship with John-"
"James, leave them. We can talk this out later! You just need to understand-"
I feel worthless, guilty. The guilt is the worst. I'm guilty that I didn't help him when I should have realised sooner what he was going to do. I feel guilty for not making him feel as happy as I should have done. Was this my fault?
Pursing her lips, Mrs Hudson shrugged her shoulders. “You’ll know what to do, Sherlock. And when the time comes he’ll have a good support network around him. This won’t be like the last time.”
And just like that, John was hooked.
Lestrade nods, unsure of what to say. It’s always the same questions.
Missing you is an understatement. Every day is getting more difficult. I loved you. I still do.
Just as Mrs Hudson was about to close the door, Lestrade came bounding up the stairs too.
"Go as in leave the hospital?"
Sholto thinks,
My worst nightmare comes true when Lestrade shakes his head. I feel like I want to curl up into a ball and die, rid myself of the world and get back with him. I want to thrash about, scream at the top of my lungs. I can't.
Sherlock nods and leads the way down the stairs to the kitchen where the inviting smell of the roasted vegetables permeates the air. When Mrs Holmes sees John she welcomes him with a tight hug, squeezing him against her in a way that only mothers do. John smiles. “Evening, Mrs Holmes.”
"Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock, I have always cared for my little brother." Mycroft sighs, electing to pick at a piece of grass besides Sherlock's foot.
The doctor was unable to reply to the words being spoken to him, instead, opting to close his eyes again. "John, don't do that! Paramedics are going to be here soon. You better not fucking die on me here."
"You alright, darling?" The shorter boy asked. Sherlock nodded as John pushed another finger in, opening him up, preparing him. A moan escaped Sherlock's lips as John's finger found his prostrate and his whole body rippled, the feeling absolutely amazing. They spent a couple of minutes like that, John stretching Sherlock open, breath catching at the beautiful sight in front of him.
“I know Sher-“
The last thing I remembered was Dawson kneeling over me, sweat coating his forehead, before ripping my uniform open and pressing his hands to my wound and that's when I finally let out the cries, the screams. But I know it wasn't because of the physical pain.
Yet here I am, alone, once again. I believe I should feel accustomed to being alone since I was that way for the first forty years of my life. As a youngster I watched my parents divorce, my father die and my sister become an alcoholic. The amount of isolation I felt was tremendous but I somehow became used to it. It was normal to me and I eventually began to accept it, no matter how much it affected me mentally. So coming back from Afghanistan shouldn't have felt any different. I'd experienced that loneliness before.
I beg him. I beg him to wake up, to do something. I shout and I scream and I tug at his body because
“I don’t know-“
"Well," she begins, her tone slightly more cautious, "he is doing as well as he can be under the circumstances-"
Tears are threatening to spill from his eyes, his beautiful, gorgeous, ever changing eyes. They are so unique, much like the person they belong to.
“Why are you saying this?” John tries to not let the anger overwhelm him again, but is she
Before Sherlock could get a word in edgeways, Mycroft was speaking to him in the condescending manner he had all those years ago when they were teenagers.
“Mrs Hudson, have some tea and sit down.” She sat down on the sofa in the living room and waited for Sherlock to make the tea, before he came and sat down as well. He took no time whatsoever in telling their landlady exactly what had happened.
Some girls who I couldn't be bothered to remember the names of started talking about John, about how they thought he was such a great person, how he would never hurt anyone. But every time they mentioned John's name, I could feel my temper slowly rising because why should they be allowed to talk about John when they didn't bother when he was alive?
"With beanies." Sherlock shook his head, laughing at his partner as he stood up. Beanies it was.
"Oh my God," John gasped, hand pressed to his stomach. "We're not supposed to laugh in these situations!" Sherlock's hand came up to press at his mouth to suppress a laugh but it was a futile attempt.
“Daddy’s crazy, Papa.” Rosie says to John, and a grin plasters her face as she looks at her parents. John looks between his daughter and his husband, eyes settling on Sherlock for a fraction of a second longer. They share a look before John responds.
"Hey, honey. Is everything alright?"
"I am truly sorry for what happened to John." He says. At first I think he's being sarcastic because he never shows any emotions, but when I look up, I realise he is being sincere.  "No one should have to suffer what you've gone through, brother mine."
“I had no idea.” Lestrade sighed and it was evident to Molly that he was just as worried about the two of them as she was. “Jesus. The poor sod.”
Not a single word was uttered between the two of them for what seemed like hours but was, in reality, only a couple of minutes.
And Mycroft asked me to join him.”
Dr Pace tells Sherlock that John is booked in for a neurological examination. Sherlock's finding it hard to control his emotions.
When I find myself in hospital, machines connected to me to keep me alive, I'm not scared. I'm not afraid. I've overdosed, sometimes intentionally, sometimes unintentionally, but I've managed to survive through it. I've got used to the idea of having my stomach pumped. And it's ridiculous because the only time I get to escape my reality, is when I risk my life.
“I’m going home.”
"Fucking your son, yes. Being a fag, no." Sherlock glared, his eyes never leaving those of Mr Watson. The latter clenched his fists, the knuckles turning a ghastly white as his face turned an even deeper shade of red.
“What was that for?” Mrs Hudson asked, exasperated.
"I love you, Sherlock. So bloody much. Now, I never thought myself to be overly sentimental but, since meeting you, my life has changed completely. We both know... yeah, we both know that this year is only going to get worse. It's fucking awful and I know that in the end, it'll be you who has to deal with all of the emotions that go through losing someone, not me." John brought his hand out to Sherlock, shaking slightly as he clasped his fingers into his partner's. The other man squeezed John's, encouraging him to continue on.
It is the first time anyone has mentioned John's name since the funeral.
You know I've never been good at things like this. Emotions. Letting on to when I'm hurting. Except when I was with you. But that's not going to happen now. It's never going to happen again and I just don't know what to do now. What can I do? I have nothing anymore. Absolutely nothing because that fucking bastard took you away from me. He took you away from me and then he killed himself. Why? Because he was too scared of his own selfish consequences? Because he was afraid of what would happen to him?
Within an hour the two of them find themselves surrounded by the cover of trees in the forest behind Sherlock’s house. They follow a trail, one that John hasn’t been on before, and he feels relaxed as the rays of light seep through the gaps in the trees, creating shining patterns on the ground at his feet. Sherlock walks ahead slightly, occasionally plucking things from the ground before flinging them back down. The tell-tale signs of autumn are present on the trees: leaves turning from vivid green to vibrant oranges and yellows and reds, a grey squirrel scurrying about the floor looking for the perfect place to hide his food for the winter.
Sherlock clenched his fists in his hair and what came out of his mouth was more like a growl than anything else.
Sherlock frowns. “He’s fine with Harry being gay. Why wouldn’t he accept you being in a relationship with a male?”
“Since when did you ever care about other people’s feelings?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. Despite all of his protests Mycroft could see how terrible Sherlock felt, how drained he was.
to be like
and he doesn’t want to accept the fact that he’ll never be able to return to where he belongs, to the family he’s been with for 18 years. Life is never going to be as he knows it again and he doesn’t know whether he can cope with that.
Taking a cab back to the flat, I find Lestrade already waiting outside. Upon my arrival he opens the door to the police car and pulls himself out, slamming it shut behind him. "What's wrong? Has something happened? Is John alright?" He is jittery, bouncing around as I walk closer to him. I notice a coffee stain on his shirt, presumably from just after he received the text from me. He has been waiting to hear from me.
“Hm?”
“Hm, shame.”
John screamed as another jolt of agony ripped through his body, sending his limbs into paroxysms of pain.
Above them, Mr Watson was on the phone. “A-ambulance please. 33 Belgrave Avenue…”
As if on cue, the two of them both started moving, rubbing their bodies together in an attempt to seek friction.
"You can't be serious, Sherlock."
John's mouth moves slightly but he is unable to get any words out. I can see the panic that flits across them when he cannot speak, cannot tell me what he needs to say.
Sherlock breathed in, noting the bandages that were wrapped around John's midriff. "Th bullet tore right through your abdomen and out through your back, missing your spinal cord by mere millimetres. Your body received major internal bleeding and damage and is possibly at risk of infection. I can assure you that Mycroft has the best doctors working on you though. You've been have hourly checks on your haemodynamic status among other things but I am not going to tire you with all of this information which is quite frankly a lot to take in."
"Will he-" My voice breaks before I can finish my sentence. I inhale deeply, repeating those words again. "Will he ever regain movement in his legs again?"
"You don't have to worry about that." Sherlock assured him, wrapping his arm around John's shoulder and laying them down together.
“No. I don’t need it.” He placed the mug on a coaster on the table and sat back against the sofa, yawning. He was becoming increasingly aware of how knackered he was.
John doesn’t hesitate to intertwine Sherlock’s hair around his fingers and pull him closer, seeking the warmth of Sherlock’s body against his. He can feel Sherlock’s tongue trace his bottom lip, can feel the heat permeate throughout his mouth as their mouths open and the kisses become more desperate.
In an instant John felt Sherlock beside him, cupping his hands to the wound on his mother’s head. There was silence as the three of them stared at the woman on the ground, the woman lying in John’s lap as she bled. John knew that she was dead.
Sherlock stood behind him, placed his left hand against John's shoulder. John lifted his own hand up and intertwined their fingers together, both men looking directly into the mirror but both reaching each other's eyes.
"Why would you say that? I'm perfectly okay if my baby boy is happy with who he is dating. And whether that's with a girl or a boy, I don't give a shit. Sherlock is a lovely lad and I'm so proud of you." For a few seconds, the worried feeling about telling his Dad had vanished and for the first time in a long while, John didn't feel afraid. He felt he could cope at whatever was thrown at him. It didn't matter what his Dad thought- his Mum was supportive and he had fallen in love with Sherlock. John didn't need his father to tell him he was wrong because he wasn't. He was happy. The sting of tears pulled John from his thoughts and he gave an impish smile to his mother. Before he could say anything more though, his Mum spoke up. "Now, you've got a handsome man sitting upstairs in your bedroom and your Dad is not home. What are you still doing down here?" She asked, mischief in her voice.
"yep fine, tell the little
"yes"
Serina and katherine belong to me everyone else belongs to BBC any further questions comment please
"I'll have some people look into it," Lestrade said with a sigh John had a feeling this wasn't going to be easy, after all he was no Sherlock but there had to be something he could do.
John and Rosie have a talk, Rosie and Molly have a plan.
The two brothers looked up and Sherlock picked up the phone to read the text message that had been sent to him.
So Sherlock and Serina began to devise a plan, to fake her death, get their child, and run away.
"I know it's hard but I need you to be brave." there was the sound of a car door being slammed shut outside Mycroft moved to the window
"You can speak to her after they figure out what's in the box" Mycroft said on the other end of the phone "He won't let me speak with her either but he said he wouldn't hurt her so long as we did as he said"
"I'm sure that lady Donovan will be able to help him much more than any Aspirin would." Katherine said which shocked John that she probably knew what she was talking about only to hear Anderson turn around and gawk once again at the child
“next time you should pick the date,”
"So you're spending the morning with John then?"
“Clever girl indeed Rosamund,”
"oooh getting a little rough aren't we? I think I like daddy sherlock." Moriarty said with a wink "but don't forget I have friends." he said pointing back to where John and Katherine were, when Sherlock looked several red dots were trained on both John and Katherine upon further inspection there were several on him to. Moriarty grinned as Sherlock released him
John was once again completely baffled had he missed something important? there seemed to be an on going secret among the group and he just wasn't in the loop as of yet.
"it's so strange," John pointed out watching him "you and a child, it doesn't seem natural." John said getting out of the cab Sherlock followed suit holding Katherine to him until he took a look at their surroundings, he hadn't been paying attention until now but they were no where near 221B and now that both he and John realized it, it was far too late.
"Molly said she'd show me a human foot though!" Katherine whined
"Dad you can't go out with another woman, it never ends well." Rosie told him frowning "Remember Miss Felicia? the kleptomaniac? or Miss Harris the woman who wasn't actually a woman?" John flushed Sherlock had clearly been talking to her about his blind dates he usually wouldn't mind if it hadn't been those particular dates
John sighed and looked over at Katherine and Molly both looked so happy for each other's company, he almost didn't want to take that away from them as he sent a reply back to Sherlock
as if to create even more problems and confusion Sherlock returned with Mycroft in tow
No this was not going to happen and Rosie was going to be sure of it. Rosie hurried over with a fake smile on her face and she jumped into her father's arms and hugged him tightly, Sherlock finally made his way over and the woman saw the happy family like scene and excused herself going away Rosie smiled a bit to herself watching her leave
“If you don’t Rosie certainly will.” Sherlock said with absolutely no filter what so ever to try and hide his opinion earning a harsh glare from both Tiffany and John, but as usual Sherlock ignored it and his new “lady friend” attempted to engage him in another conversation to which he only responded when necessary
"Please?" Now John could assume it was a young girl hearing the voice being a bit more girlish "Please I need to speak with him it's real important, I don't have a lot of time."
John chuckled to himself before he continued typing
"We've decided that if you would like you can start going to school in London and start some small visits on a trial basis." Mycroft told her the light that shown in the young girls eyes was unbelievable  as she smiled excitedly but Sherlock was next to cut her off
I'm so sorry it's taken so long as usual I own nothing except for Sherlock's daughter enjoy :)
"Hello?"
"So what now?"
"Don't suppose you've figured out my role in our little story,"
"On the contrary." Sherlock said to him "this entire thing has been a game revolving around Serina's murder the park that he had our motel room over looking was where I first spoke with her after the case, the apartment building was once a theatre where we had our first date, and now he is referring to us as star crossed lovers" Sherlock said to holding up the book again and putting it down "which he left in our first home 221B Bakers street so now the question is where he could have gone next and where he could have taken John, John's done his part in the game there for he must be playing a new role." Sherlock said thoughtfully trying to think of where Moriarty could have gone he was using places that had done a lot in Sherlock and Serina's love life so that meant that Moriarty would take a place of the most importance to hide John and Katherine but where....
there's two of them!" Anderson shrieked as he left Katherine looked up and watched him go a smile on her face as she looked at Molly
"I'll take Katherine home to gather some of her things, I'll allow her to spend her school Holiday with you until I can make arrangements for school. when we return there will be no body parts, drugs, or illegal chemicals anywhere that this child could find them agreed?" Mycroft asked looking directly at Sherlock who nodded agreeing Katherine stood up quickly and pulled her father tightly into a hug and Sherlock smiled at her holding her tightly
"Miss Harris was a lovely person actually just wish I didn't have to find out when her Fiance caught us out to dinner and called her Martin." John said with a sigh as if that made a proper defense, Rosie just frowned at him and John focused back on the situation at hand
"you wouldn't happen to know how far you traveled?"
"he came to get me again and dad is arguing with him as Uncle Mycroft is most likely tearing apart the fridge taking out whatever gross things daddy has in there right?" she asked him John couldn't exactly argue with the child it was what was going on upstairs.
John had been duped and what's more he knew that Molly had definitely taught her those tricks. Rosie would never have known to do it on her own and she wouldn't call Sherlock for such a simple thing. THe next morning Molly called and apologized to him confessing to the whole thing but also confessing exactly why as well.
"Sharon," Molly said forcing a smile as the other woman hugged her and let herself in Molly shut the door behind her and the other woman, Sharon stopped in her tracks at the sight of Rosie and frowned
"Quiet i'm talking" he scolded Mycroft "Katherine I don't suspect that we have much time left before the Police find me and your uncle so you have to listen to me very closely alright?"
“You set my dad up?” Rosie finally concluded stacking another card the sudden statement startled the detective though he tried not to show it, Rosie knew the telltale signs that Lestrade was nervous though Sherlock had perhaps taught her to well to identify such things
"Hello, i-is Sherlock Holmes there?" if there was ever a voice that made a person sound small this child's voice was it. The fear in her voice had John at high alert which also had Irene staring
"Lets go home Katherine, at least for a little while." Sherlock told her Katherine nodded burying her face in Sherlock's chest Sherlock held her tightly his best way of being able to comfort her, just letting her sit there and cry
John and Rosie had a long talk about lying that night and Rosie promised she would never pretend to be sick again but some how John figured that this wouldn't be the last time that Rosie interfered with something like this.
John started for the stairs before he looked at Moriarty and stopped
"Well?"
Saturday came up much to fast and John found that night he was panicking as he hurried around the house trying to find his clothes (Rosie who was still upset about him going on the date had hidden everything from him! his belt he found in the cookie jar, he found one of his shoes in the oven and still couldn't find the other one)
"I said go away!!"
“I memorized Sherlock’s contact numbers in case I ever had an emergency,” Rosie explained Irene couldn’t decide whether to laugh because of the ironic use of the word ‘emergency’ in which it was to thwart her father and sherlock’s date or to compliment her on how clever she was for being able to memorize the contents of Sherlock’s phone. Thankfully it didn’t take them long to get to the restaurant and as they climbed out, they could see John and Sherlock talking with two women and Irene felt she understood more, when Rosie had said that John and Sherlock were on a double date she had assumed with each other and another couple but this made things far more clear and then…
"Like what?" Rosie asked her Molly hesitated but again gave in, Rosie was a clever girl and Molly was sure if she didn't tell her Rosie would either figure it out or Sherlock would deduce it and tell her
"Too close."
“So…you’re-“
"Could it wait until after dinner Molly? we're going to miss out reservation if we don't leave now." John told her Molly bit her lip nervously Rosie could tell it was something important but Molly just nodded agreeing to wait John and Sharon headed out the door but John stopped and sighed realizing something important and turned to Rosie
“I assume your dates are over?”
"Well...." Molly said frowning a little bit she wasn't proud of the idea she came up with but Rosie seemed to be intrigued "I have an idea on how we can save him." Molly admitted and Rosie smiled glad to have someone who would help her save her dad.
"I beg your pardon?"
"Poor thing just caught a bit of a bug, she'll be fine in the morning i'm sure." Molly insisted to him John gave a relieved sigh but was soon interrupted by the tapping of a heel behind him and he looked up to see Sharon impatiently waiting
“I wasn’t calling him.” Rosie countered reaching for the phone and prompting Lestrade to hold it up over his head Rosie attempted to jump for it but alas she was still too short for him, she determined some day this wouldn’t be a problem however as of right now it was
“I knew you looked familiar,” Sherlock said it was very rare for him to forget a face after all and frankly he knew he knew hers even if it was a brief view through some files during Irene’s case.
"Rosie she is a lovely woman and I think you'll really like her." John promised her Rosie sighed and leaned back in her seat clearly not happy as she pouted, she wouldn't even touch her cookies after that she left them on the counter to get cold and John knew she was going to sneak them to school tomorrow to spite him.
"Oh Dear, she isn't the one that is coming!" Mrs. Hudson said to him
"and how do you know that?" he asked her a bit skeptically Irene's know it all smile made his blood boil ever so slightly he was getting annoyed with the games and how casual this all seemed, her breaking into the flat, making tea and treating him like a toy, it was all very frustrating
"your wife's belongings." Sherlock was quite surprised to hear Irene's voice it wasn't the pleasant surprise he thought their next meeting would be
"Behind your back?" Moriarty said John couldn't help the smirk that came across his lips at the annoyance in Moriarty's voice, he was being bested by a child and it was driving him nuts not that he needed a push to be there. Moriarty walked to where Katherine was and pulled her to her feet by the arms taking the handcuffs from her and pulling her with him back to where John was,
"The box was in her will and was supposed to be given to either Katherine or Sherlock when Katherine turned sixteen, only then was the box allowed to be opened."
“Rosie! Thank god, you know better than this!” John scolded her as he was relieved he was also upset that she had run away Sherlock was much more focused on Irene
Her father stood by the refreshments table, chatting away happily with a perky blonde woman she knew to be the mother of a boy in her class that Rosie didn't particularly care for but Rosie was focused more on father. The smile he gave her, the way he laughed when she told a joke (or what Rosie assumed was a joke she couldn't hear from where she was) and the paper that now sat in his hand that she knew was a phone number and that she knew wasn't for her and the woman's son to play.
"Upstairs." he demanded John didn't budge at first folding his arms across his chest stubbornly hoping that perhaps he could slow him down. Moriarty pulled a gun pointing it at Katherine "Now!" he demanded his voice echoing in the blood stained room and Katherine let out a small cry of fear.
"I'm here Katherine." Sherlock said Mycroft then stopped fighting sherlock allowing him to drop down into a sitting position on the bed "are you alright?"
"Come on then, I know exactly what to do with you!"
"Whether she is faking or not, I need to be sure she's alright. Molly wouldn't call if it wasn't important." John told her Sharon gave an irritated sigh but she went along with it once John saw that the little brat was ok they could go back to their date right? Sharon grabbed her coat and John paid the bill a bit irritated himself with his date being so insensitive as he got back in the car and drove back to the house when they arrived Rosie laid on the couch, Molly sitting by her side as the two of them watched a movie. Rosie looked awful her skin was a bit paler the thermometer sticking out of her mouth. John hurried over to the little one kneeling down beside her
"Kill you? no no no don't you know how the story ends? they die to be together i'm not going to let it be that easy on you." Moriarty said to him Sherlock was going over the characters in his head as well as the places that were important to him and Serina, Mycroft must have had the same idea because he pulled over a map spreading it out on Lestrade's desk as well as some thumb tacks Sherlock took some red ones pinning them in the places that he could see that were important to him and Serina, their first date, the hospital Katherine was born in, where they had been married, their first combined case......
"John I said delete it!"
No, Sherlock and Moriarty are not related considering Serina/Margret were not actually related be it by blood or adoption.
"mmhmm"
"Hello dear! your father is just upstairs with your uncle, they're having a discussion of sorts." Mrs. Hudson told her with the elder woman came John with a tray of breakfast treats for the three of them he sat the tray on the bedside table and sat beside her
"Spill your guts, what do you know that I don't?"
"I don't like her," Rosie said bluntly as she took a piece of carrot and began to carefully cut it so she could add it to the project
John waited for Molly to finish up with Rosie, helping out where he could making tea and snacks even and when Molly finally left John made Rosie a special dinner for just the two of them her favorite Tacos and then dessert also her favorite cookies and he even brought out the cutters she liked that Sherlock had gotten her for her birthday the year before that made the cookies look like crime scene things (A cookie cutter that looked like a dead body, a gun, a line of caution tape and a police car. only Sherlock would buy that for a child!) because of the...peculiar cutters he would only let her use them on rare occasions not wanting anyone to think he was insane and question his parenting more so than they already did. When Rosie saw the cutters right away she knew something was up because her father was trying to butter her up. Rosie waited for him to bring it up first though, cutting out her cookie shapes and adding frosting, using her dad's phone to send pictures to Sherlock. When she finished cutting out the dough John put them on a tray and sat them in the oven before he sat down at the table with her and took a deep breath.
"It's lovely to meet you Rosie." Sharon told her she looked over at John with a smile "you never told me you had a child." John seemed surprised
She was using a pay phone, why would she be using a pay phone if she was with a friend why wouldn't she just ask his mother to borrow her cell phone? had she been picked up by another kidnapper? no not possible a ransom would have been asked for by now. Then what?
"Katherine I need you to be brave right now alright? no tears ok?" he asked her Katherine took a deep breath quivering a little bit "Now tell me more about your friend Ben?"
"Ben...ben...she doesn't have any friends named ben! she has three Ben's in her class at her school and she hates all of them because they're boring and obnoxious so how on earth is she with one of them at a pay phone now?" Sherlock asked frustrated John predicted that perhaps the events and lack of sleep were clouding his friends better judgement because even he had figured it out rather quickly
she talking about? He had been so distracted he couldn’t even tell, and Sherlock had barely spoken two words to his date, hardly looking up from his phone where he was texting and John’s paranoia had him thinking that it may have been Rosie on her emergency mobile.
"How about after breakfast you and John go out for the morning to get away from all of this?" Mrs. Hudson suggested John wasn't sure that was a good idea, the longest time that he had spent with the child was the two of them kidnapped by Moriarty and well he didn't know how to take care of a little girl, let alone the little girl that had the same DNA as Sherlock Holmes.
"Rosie, we need to talk." John said to her Rosie listened intently though she was still playing with her cookie cutters as she did "I think it's about time that I start dating again," John told her Rosie looked up again and saw the look on his face seeing just how serious he was but she just offered him a smile and put her cookie cutters down
Mycroft then looked at Sherlock
"It's them." he said Sherlock ignored him and continued with his daughter speaking a bit quicker now
The Holmes brothers got into a shouting match which snapped John back to reality he sighed a bit and took a spoon banging it on his tea cup to create a noise that shut the both of them up
To go some where safe where they would never be found and to start over.
“Mariah,” Irene called recognizing Tiffany and her friend as she approached both women going a little paler at the sight of her drawing both gentlemen’s attention John was instantly drawn to Rosie though hurrying over to her
He could hear the shouts from down the hall as he listened to Katherine
"I've got a source that told me that you were studying a case for Mycroft then, you don't have her wedding ring any where in your room and that's certainly not something that you throw out or sell when she dies, and the letters as precaution just in case the worst was to happen." Irene said as if it were absolutely obvious.
"Um he isn't available at this very-"
insult my intelligence this way! you know that I am the only one who can help you right now so why do you insist on insulting me."
"We've already got people looking into it, what could be-"
"I did what you want now let me speak to her." Sherlock demanded into the phone his tone firm but not yet angry,
John slammed the door to the flat open and then again shut as he sat down on the couch he put his face in his hands he couldn't believe it.
"It's a pleasure to meet you Katherine," Molly said to her happily Katherine smiled and nodded agreeing
"Your flat was broken into last night." Lestrade told him to begin with "John's missing now this was left for you." the book was a copy of
“Tiffany,” She corrected him it only took a moment for John to remember that Tabitha was the evil witch in the chapter book he had been reading to Rosie and he cursed himself for getting their names together but to be honest between the purple pendant around her neck, the multiple rings she wore on her fingers and the startling length of her (probably fake) nails she did look a little….well wicked.
that I'll have him home for bed time." Sharon told her and without another word hung up John took quite the notice as she handed him his phone back and he frowned
"Katherine." John replied already knowing what Lestrade was going to ask him. Lestrade fell silent seeming to understand a bit more after that was John seriously the only one who hadn't known Sherlock had a daughter? John stood then he was trying to think of how to figure this out, he only had until Six P.M tonight and the two most capable people that could help him were currently trying to save Katherine. That sparked an idea.
"Well for one thing she was married at the same time, for another she had a bit of a gambling problem. bled my brother dry of funds and then she dumped him." Molly told her Rosie knew it! she knew she didn't like this woman from the moment she saw her!
"Do you know what was inside of it?" Irene rolled her eyes a bit at his stupid question and John sighed "Right stupid question how could you possibly know you're just the female equivalent to Sherlock Holmes that's all" he muttered under his breath in slight annoyance, actually not even slight just plain full out annoyance this however brought up an answer to an earlier question John hadn't asked her, it told him why she was here. Irene must have been just as curious as he was to figure out what was in that box
Molly took a moment to let that sink in, completely in shock and John could already assume she was misunderstanding the situation completely
"Came back early, figured I'd have a couple of days to settle in before going back to work, Who is this little angel?" Molly asked curiously Finally there was someone else who didn't know that Sherlock had a daughter! John felt much less in the dark with this revelation. Katherine smiled a bit and waved
"Well yes."  He said to her Irene took to observing something on her hand but John knew she was just stalling trying to make him at least a little frustrated, what was more annoying was that it worked.
“Rosie escaped and now you can’t find her yes?” Sherlock asked all to happy to be getting out of the date as John instantly went into a panic
Rosie sat at the table with Molly and the two were doing her project again Molly tried to help coax Rosie into telling her where she had hidden John's things but the little one didn't budge much only revealing where the other shoe was (How had she gotten it on top of the refrigerator?! the thing was taller than her!)
Mycroft and Sherlock are back to their normal selves, John is left to care for Katherine while they're at it.
Sherlock could hear Lestrade's footsteps outside the door and heard him pounding madly at the door as Mycroft opened the window and climbed out the fire escape
"that should be Moriarty" he said before hanging up on Mycroft and answering the other line
"What kind of kidnapper Loses their kidnap victim?!" Sherlock shouted into the phone causing John and Mrs. Hudson to jump a bit "How do you lose a little girl?!"
"Your uncle Mycroft has said there are conditions that the both of us must follow though, firstly no more running away from home." Sherlock started Katherine nodded eagerly
"No," Katherine told her simply "My mother died when I was a baby and Uncle Mycroft sent me to live in the States last year." Katherine informed her Molly was at a loss for words looking between the little girl and John silently asking for his help John simply chuckled
another pause.
Irene chuckled on the other end of the line and he could practically hear the smirk in her voice and feel the glare that John was giving Irene.
"Katherine I need you to calm down alright?" John asked her trying to keep his voice level "Do you know where you are?" he asked there was a pause John assumed she was observing her surroundings and after a moment she replied
"Looks like we've got a bit of a walk home." he said John nodded Sherlock moved to take Katherine back but John smiled
Rosie was six years old, and as Sherlock and John sat in the front row of her school recital John couldn't have been prouder of his little girl as she sat up on stage as the wonderful little Alice in her schools rendition of
"How did you get out of those ones?" Moriarty asked frowning Katherine looked up at him with large round blueish green eyes that were very much her fathers, John also noticed her black curls that reached her chin he noted that she probably also got those from her father but aside from that and her pale skin tone she was her mothers daughter, the freckles that scattered her cheeks, the round innocent face that looked up with a fearful glance
John got into his car and sat there for a moment, letting his racing heart slow down just a bit as he looked out his window at the woman who had gotten it to start beating so fast to begin with. After the incident last week at Rosie's play where apparently the woman he had been flirting with thought yet again that he and Sherlock were a couple he hadn't really thought much of it, it was such a common thing now that every time he debated on dating again that someone started a rumor that he and Sherlock were a couple and after several interrogations where John decided that Sherlock was telling the truth and that it wasn't him he was always baffled by how people could just assume such a thing.
"I forgot you missed all the excitement over your Holiday. Katherine got very well acquainted with your ex, I was shot, Sherlock got arrested for attempted arsen and now he and Mycroft are taking up the entire flat to argue about Katherine returning home or not." John informed her Molly took a moment to register all this information seeming a lot more surprised about some things rather than others when it seemed that her brain caught up with the situation she looked back at the little one with a smile
Moriarty used the handcuffs to chain John to a freezer rack and then sat Katherine next to him handcuffing her to him with a different set that John noticed were much stronger he wasn't sure whether to laugh or be insulted. Moriarty went downstairs again slamming and locking the door behind him. John looked down at the child next to him
"is that really what you're concerned about?" John asked him "This is a Child, a four year old girl who is desperate and afraid and frankly i'd be more scared of morons like you reproducing I mean if you ever get Donovan pregnant it will most likely be because you tricked her." John said annoyed before he headed back to the cab he could just imagine the smug look on Sherlock's face if he saw the look on Anderson's face.
"Who is this Carol Nicholas?" he asked curiously as he took a cup for himself and Handed Mrs. Hudson her own.
"Why didn't you say something?!" Rosie cried so suddenly that Molly nearly dropped the chunk of Cauliflower she was currently using for the other half of Rosie's brain though several other vegetables scattered everywhere.
"Guess who."
was not a good idea!
“You knew I did,” Rosie told him she went into her pocket and pulled out Anderson’s phone “You also knew that they were friends of Irene you used our code to tell Anderson and gave him the case file to bring to Lestrade so I could escape.”
"Assuming the phone had full battery when she took it approximately a half hour ago and it's a disposable phone that goes through battery rather quickly.......I'd say we have an hour and a half to find it before it goes dead." Irene said to him John left the line open and used his Mobile phone to call Lestrade and the police.
"Is John there?" Molly's voice came over the line Sharon rolled her eyes
"I will break you like a twig if you ever go near her again." Sherlock said to him as if to test this limit Moriarty took a mocking step around sherlock and closer to Katherine and John, as a reaction John stepped back, and almost as if it were a reflex Sherlock grabbed Moriarty and slammed him back into the tree had been standing behind before
Mycroft, being the unpleasant Donkey's ass he is decided that Sherlock Holmes was not fit to care for a child, and needless to say collecting enough evidence to go against that (i.e. the head in the freezer, a jar of eye balls in the cabinet, an entire drawer of human hair samples, etc.) and Mycroft took Katherine away from Sherlock at just a year and a half and put under Mycroft's care.
When a car pulled up and the back window rolled down Rosie smiled and slid from the bench going to the window and smiling happily at the occupant
“You lost my daughter?!”
John put the phone back to his ear
"No!" John said quickly "No no don't do that stay on the line with me alright?" John asked her urgently Katherine let out a small fearful whimper "It'll be alright I promise" John said calmer now trying to keep her from crying again, god he hated it when children cried it broke your heart or at least his not to mention he was also slightly afraid of what Sherlock would do if Sherlock found out he made her cry.
"This is how serial killers are made," Anderson argued still pushing until Katherine sighed and looked up with a frown
"That's alright John, I'll take her home it's about time I got home myself." Molly insisted John thanked her and paid her for babysitting Molly took Sharon home and John couldn't help but hear through the window how Sharon asked how molly's brother was doing and shook his head, John went back to Rosie and brushed her hair out of her face kissing her forehead the two sat on the couch for the rest of the night until Rosie fell into a deep sleep. John couldn't believe how her temperature had spiked it wasn't normal to him and he sensed something was wrong right way. John stood up to go get ready for bed tucking Rosie in further when he dropped his phone, When john reached under the couch for it he was curious to find a damp face cloth down there and a bottle of powder John was more than a little confused with the discovery but he brushed it off until he went to the bathroom only to spy his face was lined with white powder and it suddenly clicked.
I'm sorry it took so long for the update! life gets hectic as usual but i finally got an updated chapter it does kind of suck because I was at my dad's so it's very dialogue heavy hopefully i'll be updating my other sherlock fic as well within the next couple days or my avengers atlantis AU whichever i am more in the mood for.
"John?" John looked up surprised when he spotted Molly, dressed in a Tshirt and some joggers shorts obviously out for some morning exercise as she looked confused at him "What are you doing here?" she asked him John turned more so in his seat
"Due to the new developments Katherine we have a few things to discuss with you. your father and I are trying to work out a proper arrangement since it would seem that not even a psychopath like Jim Moriarty is going to stop you from tracking down your father." Mycroft began his tone a very strained calm as if this physically hurt him John noticed how Katherine shifted nervously before she took a seat on the floor, it was clear she didn't want to be close to either of them not wanting to give off any form of false hope or favoritism John sympathized with her wishing there was something he could do to help, it was clear that Katherine was expecting Mycroft to say she wasn't going to be allowed to see her father again and probably be shipped off to another country again.
-----
.......
I really am sorry and I love you all for the comments, kudos etc-this has been my most successful fic for some reason lol, so the end is a Christmas present for you all xoxo
For that was what was in front of him. No freaky but natural phenomenon like snakes with two heads, this was an actual live scientific anomaly! Something that by all means should not exist but clearly did...and mer maid was the name the myths had taught us.
“You would make me look even more intelligent then I am and bring me happiness with your interruptions” Sherlock informed him before striding away knowing full well that John would follow.
He pulled away confused, the goofy look on John's face making him angry.
Mike nodded with a look of pity on his face and fake understanding and John felt his teeth clench together.
John disconnected the call, staring dumbly at the mobile in his hand before heading up to his room to figure out what to do. Unfortunately Sherlock happened to be in his room, sprawled on his bed.
"Well you look like you've been at it all day so I'm calling it a day now! Christ knows what the electric bill will be" John grumbled as he went to fling open the windows.
I can't I'm [fasting]
The jolly sailor bold as always comes from pirates of the Caribbean 4 on stranger tides, other song from album deep dead blue by aruna?-will check and edit lol.
"Maybe another day Sherlock...humans don't tend to show their bits to everyone"
"Have I? Can't say I remember, you know what I'm like"
As he saw the unruly dark curls and pale skin, half in the water, half on the small island like inlet, he couldn't stop the grin that broke out. He raised his voice in a salutation but then he saw the girls body that was lying under the mer's and he remembered the words from his pub companion: they don't all drown themselves.
"John no! " Sherlock went to stop him but he had in fact been at it all day and the heat was making his head swim unpleasantly. He slipped and John caught him. "Always there to catch me" Sherlock murmured "My dependable doctor with reliable hands"
'Oh Jesus Christ!' John swore. 'You must have had more to drink then you thought, either that or the locals are laughing behind your back!' But as he felt the heartbeat with a shaking hand he concluded there was no way they could make anything so real.
The men used to say; never tell your biggest secrets to Bill Murray, not even when drunk because the man had a mind like an elephant. For once John was hoping that the rumours were true.
'You mean you thought only yourself. You leave me no choice little brother, though it wounds me greatly because you are still a child, for the sake of the pod I hereby banish you. You will remain here and not follow us south for the winter season'
TEXT FROM: MOTHER
"Desperately" John groaned.
Things went back to normal, or what passed for normal for them, Sherlock solved impossible cases and John broke up with Vanessa when he found out just how wild she was-breath play in a coffin? No thank you! He still felt like he was missing something where Sherlock was concerned, like having a word on the tip of your tongue that your brain has no command over. Mostly he ignored it, however he couldn't when he came home one evening after a day at work to find the heating full blast and all the windows closed.
"I'd rather not talk about it just now please My. We have so much catching up to do...I'm afraid I can't offer much in the way of hospitality, so accustomed to being on my own as I am..." Sherlock couldn't help but throw out the some what bitter jab.
.........................................
"Of course. Sorry, it was rude of me"
John gave a good natured laugh then grew serious "You can take what you need from me..."
"If you're sure? I could sell it and buy a better boat, get a cuddy with a bearth then I could stay out all day with you..." John held his breath after realising what he had said. Perhaps the mer wouldn't want that? He needn't have worried.
"I've survived this long John, the skin keeps out the worst of the cold. I have to be here in case the pod comes back...besides, you're here now"
That would keep for another day, what mattered now was seeing if Sherlock was still alive and patching up the wounds if need be.
The army had made him and now it was returning him broken: he felt like a jack-in-the-box that couldn't jump, a puppet whose strings had been cut, an old cuddly teddy bear after its fuzzy fluff has been completely worn away.
He heaved a huge sigh as he considered the best place to hunt. He was hungry and tired and the fish hook embedded deep in his tail from the last time he got to close to humans ached. Though it was small it hurt, and being near to his caudal fin it made swimming a bother.
"I've got a girlfriend ta very much"
"The pink pussy, yeah I remember it" Bill chuckled "The place you finally, hopefully at least, dealt with your gay curiosity. I looked back before I left and you had your hands on him already!"
Sherlock watched him warily unsure of what to say.
“That's brilliant Sherlock!”
"It's fine, I'm just not used to it being touched. It's sensitive"
The mer gasped and the tail twitched but other than that he let John work.
'Oh good, that's much easier' John smiled. 'I can take that out for you if that's ok?' he pointed at the fish hook and the mer nodded again, faster.
"As much I want that John I won't risk hurting you!"
"Company would be worth a fortune to me and yours would be a gift John"
They watched a film recently with what John warned had a 'sex scene', through this he learned how humans showed love; that the thing between one's legs went between another's legs...Sherlock had no legs.
John gave a happy murmur and tangled one hand in the younger boys thick curls, no longer caring that he was younger.
'Are you hungry? You look like you need feeding up..and are you always that white? I would have thought you should look more tanned what with sun reflecting off water and all...'
“Is a zebra without stripes just a confused donkey?”
"Can you bring a sharp knife next time John?"
'I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I'm John, John Watson' the boy held his hand out of the water with an easy going friendly grin on his face.
“If the moon was made of cheese would moon mice be full of holes?” Sherlock asked one day as he lounged on the sofa, violin dangling from one hand.
Hope readers enjoy the ending, it gets a bit fluffy lol, but I tried to keep the subtle humour that the first two parts had.
John tightened his grip on Sherlock's sweaty waist, enough to hurt and leave a mark, but strangely Sherlock didn't feel inclined to care. Silence was dragging though so he did think he should break it. "I should probably take a shower"
As darkness fell he tried hard to ignore the distraught whale-like song that came from the direction of the loch.
I should say I know next to nothing about Scotland and loch awe (but what a cool name)
Over the next few days John wondered over the sudden silence, until one late afternoon he grasped his cane and set off for the place that always had all the answers.
“Do you know who killed him?” melon head asked.
John sighed as he held up his hands in surrender "Ok ok, you win!"
"How do you not run out of gifts? I like you John, should I give you something?"
As it happened Sherlock had many years to grow to hate John Watson.
John! I need your help with my auto erection!
Sherlock hesitated  "Perhaps, I don't know, I've never...where would I even find that many people?" He questioned.
John smiled fondly and time hung momentarily suspended as they gazed into each others eyes, contact only breaking when John glanced at Sherlock's mouth.
"Who'd want me as a flat mate?" John answered bitterly.
It was time to go back to the loch, and if Sherlock had survived then it was time for him to do his duty and find a mate.
John clutched his empty glass like a life line while cool eyes raked over him intently sizing him up.
"I came to warn you Sherlock -you have to get out while you can; some guy with a camera crew is coming out here to find you...all of you?"
"I can't explain it" John sighed "Don't you ever feel like we've met before?"
[correction]
"Don't be rude John; I'm not everyone! I want to know what every bit of you looks like, I want to understand how all the pieces of you fit together"
Broken ribs from the impact of a muscular tail gave them plenty of time; time for explorers and their camera crews to leave, frustrated, time for explanations and apologies, time for love to flourish.
"I might have an idea" John grinned "Kiss me you big fish"
"John? John Watson is that you?" A genial voice shook John from his thoughts.
John jumped as the familiar head came up in front of his boat.
John sighed "I can't just let you go to start killing innocent people Sherlock!" John held up a hand to stop Sherlock interjecting. "I know it isn't your fault but there has to be another way! Can't you just take a bit from more than one person?"
"You've got a nerve Sherlock! Just because I don't want you to end up in a lab, doesn't mean I've forgiven you!" John exasperatedly stage whispered.
Sherlock was deep under water but his hearing was keener there then on the surface, where he now raced to reach to see his John: He was back! He hadn't left him too!
Sherlock was cold, the combination of net and kelp he wore no longer adequate. Yes he could leave if he wanted to and he had tried, but he always came back to the loch. The pod might come back for him, his brother might come back for him...but so far they had not and Sherlock had grown up alone with only his own voice and thoughts for company. The only conversation he had came from talking to himself or the occasional porpoise.
"But what about you? Last I heard you were in Afghanistan getting shot at, what happened?"
"Experiment"
.......................................................................
Sherlock's reply was to insist again that he needed help with his erection.
"Sorry" John pulled back as though burnt.
Write a blog his therapist had said, it will honestly help she said. He didn't think that 'Thinking about re-decorating in shades of blood and brain matter' was what she had in mind though so he reluctantly went for a walk where he met an old friend.
'You aren't very good at it' the mer scoffed.
John rowed fast and furious and soon he was in hailing distance "What the hell have you just done?!" He demanded.
John gasped when he opened the door and the hot air hit him, it was like walking into an oven, and the sight of Sherlock's naked back to him made him gasp even louder. A shirtless Sherlock, John discovered, really gave him a sense of deja vu. Perfect curls turned into slightly fluffy frizz as they lay damply at the nape of his long neck, seemingly endless lean pale torso giving way to the surprising curves of an arse that John wanted, no needed, to squeeze. And where the fuck did that thought come from?!
"That! Right then!" John pointed a finger at Sherlock with a yell. "Say that again!"
He felt like he belonged, he felt needed, it was intoxicating, plus nice home and stuff to blog about. It was better then fine, it was better then good-it was bloody fantastic.
Was Mike always this boring he thought to himself or was it just that everything was dull in comparison to his old life? As Mike chattered on he found himself mentally writing his blog entry: Took a walk in Russell Square gardens,  met an old friend, bought a take-away coffee I couldn't really afford. ..
As he steered his shiny cuddy out onto the darkening waters, he steadfastly refused to think on the mer man's declaration of love.
John! I need your help with my auto [correct]
"Hey Bill its John, sorry to call you up on your leave time but I need that infamous memory of yours"
'Put back' the mer said after eating one of the fish.
"Too hot downstairs. Obvious" Sherlock answered before John even had time to ask what he was doing there.
"Oh really? Splendid, where did you find her?!"
"You should get that gay curiosity out of your system before we go John" Bill Murray hicuped in his ear "You know in case you die or get your balls shot off. Plus it would suck to have a dishonorable discharge cause you couldn't say no to temptation when you asked some bloke to 'cough please'"
"I know it was you John, evidence doesn't lie, but I don't remember any of it"
John let it go,  he had more important issues. "Mycroft is going to kill me" came out without his consent.
John came back with a small pair of pliers and knelt down by the tub. 'This will hurt I'm afraid' he informed as he gingerly grasped the tail in one hand and slipped the pliers under the hooks end with the other.
"Mike Stanford; we were at Bart's together" he continued, brushing off John's apologies for not recognising him.
'I have family here but we are leaving soon also'
"John I can't, you know I can't!"
(And tasteful fade to black lol. I'm not very good at sex scenes, I don't think cross species is good place to start! Use your imagination about whether John rubbed himself against Sherlock's tail, or maybe just the delicate caudal fin lmao ;-) :-) )
'All done. If only all my patients were that good. Being in the water I can't really put anything on it so I'll just have to hope it heals alright. Keep it clean and I guess it should'
John tried to control his blush as he imagined Sherlock mating. "My people give gifts when we like someone, when we care about them...we even have gift giving holidays"
John gazed around London; he could appreciate it so much more now he didn't live there.
He was already the same height as the boy so he leaned over and kissed him softly on the lips.
Sherlock tried and failed to hold back a gasp. He was used to simply taking what he needed from one open mouth to another, other than feeding hunger there was no pleasure, but the way John kissed was something else. He tickled lips and teased tongues and petted hair and Sherlock felt light headed from it all.
He went to the pub.
It had been days and John still haven't come! Sherlock fumed; how could he explain if he wasn't there to talk? It wasn't as though he could suddenly grow legs and walk on water! Closing his eyes he took a deep breath and sang. He sang louder and harder than he had ever done before.
"Oh bugger! I'm sorry John, me and my big mouth. Let me buy you coffee"
Sherlock sighed like a gentle summer breeze. "We met when we were young. You were staying at your grandmothers, you went swimming alone one day and...well, I was there"
It was slightly better than this but my phone caused trouble and I lost it all and couldn't recall everything I wrote before.
"Sherlock? Sherlock where are you?" John whispered out of the window. "Come on you big fish; it's me, John!"
"What's going on now?" He muttered. He had taken his liquid morning outside in the hope that the cool air would make him feel more human, and as early as the hour was the few neighbours he had had switched on their lights at the same time.
He realised that there was more to it then that when the residents tumbled out their doors and started sleepwalking their way down to the loch.
As he rowed past he saw a body half slumped in the water and half out. Paying no attention to the odd clothing he pulled up alongside and felt for a sign of life. Getting a pulse he manhandled the unconscious body into the boat easily enough as the torso was skin and bones. The tail when it flopped in was rather more weighty.
"Well I heard Mycroft lecturing the pod once on how they couldn't afford to be that fussy over gifts and it was their duty to find a mate because there are so few of us left, so I thought 'are these the gifts'?" Sherlock explained slowly.
"I didn't think you were interested in that kind of thing?" John managed to say while his mind was chanting 'please say I was wrong please say I was wrong'
"I don't think there is anything to explain! It's quite clear what just happened, what does happen...that girl you said you were trying to save-you're a liar and a murder!" John spat.
Sherlock frowned, unsure of what to do now. He had never hunted by himself before and he hadn't expected anyone to come to the song.
Sherlock hadn't been expecting to be caught, he rarely saw humans out here these days. He didn't think honesty was the best option to go for so he lied and manipulated.
John frowned as he tried to chase a memory blown like a leaf by the autumn wind. "You've said that before, about my hands"
"What? Why?" Sherlock sat up with a puzzled frown.
"At best Sherlock it means we would be displayed like dolphins, at worse, and the far likely scenario, we would be experimented on and cut open"
John giggled. Yep definitely drunk-John Hamish Watson was not a giggler. Much.
Sherlock laughed at the concern on John's face 'I'm a good swimmer'
"Back to my bath then? It'll almost be like old times..." John offered before gently helping him on board.
"I never said you were" Sherlock repeated with an eye roll.
“We've been over this before-I don't solve crime, I find out if people are gay or not. Your victim was gay”
The merman stirred and John quickly stepped back not knowing how this would play out but enjoying the old feeling of an adrenaline surge that he haven't felt since the army
'...he frowned upon his daughter for she loved a jolly sailor bold'
"Any time John, you know that. We should get a pint before my next tour yeah?!"
"That sounds silly" Sherlock scoffed "I don't need money so you may as well keep it"
John pinched the bridge of his nose and tried to stem the tide of rising hysteria that was threatening to engulf him. "I'm not completely stupid despite what you think, you went there to buy drugs, fine I don't care about that, but Christ Sherlock, I paid you to have sex with me! How can you not remember that? "
"God yes! I'll make it good for you I promise; if I'd known that was your first time I wouldn't have made you..."
'I disdain all glittering gold, my only consolation is my jolly sailor bold'
"Do you want to see inside? I mean it isn't that big and we would have to share a bed, but I thought if we keep your tail wet we could, I dunno..." John rubbed the back of his neck and went bright red in the face much to Sherlock's amusement and confusion. "I could show you things from my world, books and music and stuff. If you wanted to I mean" he finished lamely.
"Umm,  no. Not without good reason anyway" Sherlock twanged a couple of strings, just in case John didn't realise how annoying he was being.
'What about you? What do you really think?'
“Watson...” he gestured to the cake.
The mers laughter turned to bubbles as he ducked under water to grab the escaped fish which he then threw into John's boat.
John nodded at the fisherman to show that he did understand him.  Five years back when his grandmother had passed away she left her home in loch awe to him, and now he was cast adrift from the world since his army injury he had finally moved in. Nothing for him in London anymore and his therapist believed going some place that held happy memories would be good for him. Which all led to his hearing monster stories in the pub.
He made his way slowly to one of the lochs inlets and hoped a human would be out fishing today.
"I always knew you would return! It is the only thing that has kept me here" Sherlock finished saying when all the humans had departed.
Sherlock smiled softly at John who grinned back, already half way in love with the strange creature who defied all logic and science.
Sherlock nodded, not trusting himself to speak and feeling a bit embarrassed by his vulnerability.
'Put me back' the mer stated.
John giggled 'Um I don't know, maybe? I mean I could be?'
John gasped at the shock of the cold water but managed to stay afloat. He was a reasonable swimmer but the temperature would be deadly. He quickly swam away from the thrashing tails and churned water that the fighting mers created.
“Oh...right” After looking around, unsure about destroying evidence, John wiped the cake off with his hand.
Sherlock frowned.  John shouldn't sound like that, John was strong and certain of himself. He was compass and anchor.
I thought you'd never ask
"Take this off as well John!" Sherlock pointed at John's boxers.
Yourself Sherlock thought as he shrugged for John's benefit. 'Fish away then, leave some for the rest of us' he flopped onto an inlet and watched.
Sherlock had slipped away from his older brother, bored as usual. Ever since their parents had died in a tragic accident with the boat propellers Mycroft had become even more insufferable than usual. It didn't help that their very small pod looked to him as a leader...
"No" John whispered "God no". He had taken out his old boat to do a spot of fishing (just like old times),but he was completely unprepared for the sight that greeted him:Sherlock and a middle aged man were kissing! In a passionate desperate way the likes of which he and John hadn't shared in weeks.
A big thank you to tumbleweedchaser for bookmarking
"I'm not even going to ask how you know that! And it's Vanessa actually" John huffed abandoning his paper prop. "And for the love of God, for the last time, I'm not gay!"
"It was nice, you were nice. I had never talked to a human before you...my brother didn't like it; our parents were killed because of humans and he didn't trust you, he claimed I had put the pod in danger so he left me behind when they left for warmer water"
Sherlock startled at the unexpected voice and the boy laughed as he fell off the rock into the water.
"Real funny, here was I thinking you didn't even know what a joke was!  It's like when you wake up some mornings and you can't remember what you dreamt about, you just have some vague idea that Barbara Windsor was pulling you a pint in the Queen Vic. You know?"
"Really John you didn't just think that the Diogenes was somewhere to read the paper in silence? And people think I'm naive about sex"
I can't I'm fellating
"We did, in Bart's a year ago. You didn't come with the flat John"
Sherlock was lounging on the couch idly tuning his violin so John took the opportunity to sneak peeks at him over the top of his newspaper. Lately John had been getting the feeling that Sherlock was vaguely familiar.
He was alone once more.
John forced himself to smile "Not a problem. Coffee sounds good, we can catch up. Say Mike how do you feel about fishing?"
John laughed a bit. "More than likely you're right, you usually are after all"
“Death by cake. Always a sticky one” Sherlock looked down at the man lying on the kitchen floor ; a bloody rolling pin by his side and a pink multi-tied cake on his head.
In the end it wasn't as bad as he expected it would be, the doctor was more gentle than he should have been for which he was grateful, but of course it still hurt and John was too high on alcohol and bliss too notice.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock what the hell are you doing?"
"Perhaps we passed each other on the street sometime or you were in earshot when I made some caustic remark? Living with me might jog your memory I suppose"
"I do want that"
'I'm sorry Sherlock but I've made up my mind. We leave tomorrow and then you are on your own'
I'm bowled over by all the kudos this has gotten! Thanks to everyone
"You were the first in every way and I find myself wishing I did have a memory of that night..." John couldn't move or speak as the swish of Sherlock's silk robe  moved closer, rather like a bad horror film he unhelpfully thought.
'Right right. Of course I will' John agreed with a feeling akin to a burst balloon.
“Raspberry. My favourite” Holmes explained, licking John's hand.
"Best place to be" Bill did laugh then. "Alright; he was a tall guy, slim, very pale. .."
"John! I thought, I thought..." Sherlock couldn't speak past the uncomfortable lump in his throat and realisation dawned on John.
He clutched the oar tighter as he thought he saw ripples in the water too big for fish.
"You look like a good samaritan, fancy helping your fellow man?" he leaned over the bar and spoke into John's ear, deep voice contradicting his youthful face.
'No, put me back. Look' John gestured to himself 'me, you'-he waved a hand at the mer 'When you're talking about yourself you say me'
'I don't need help thanks' John rolled his eyes but his lips quirked up in a smile.
John sighed, there was no way he was getting any sleep tonight. Pulling on a snug pair of headphones and selecting shuffle on his music player, he ambled to the kitchen and made a strong pot of coffee.
John waited a whole week before going out into the loch in the hope of seeing the merman.
'Put you back' the mer repeated.
"You don't know how it gladdens my heart to see you alive and well brother, and how much I regret our actions that day" Mycroft intoned gravely. "The pod needs your help Sherlock; as I'm sure you must realise our species is dwindling...you must do your duty and take a mate" he added, getting straight to the point.
Thanks to those who have taken the time to leave kudos and please feel free to leave quick comment if you can-I really would be pathetically grateful lol, and it would kick my ass to make me update quicker.
"I don't expect you to understand My but I love him. John Watson is my mate, was my mate...it's complicated"
John felt a stone drop in the pit of his stomach. No matter what he had done, John knew that he had to at least warn Sherlock.
Are you coming for lunch?
Taking a deep breath he was about to call for Sherlock when he thought he heard music. It wasn't the pleasant tingling music he had heard from Sherlock, nor the soothing sleepy kind that Sherlock also sang, this was a bone deep, inside your head kind of thing.
John sent a message back saying what?!
-----
'Oh god you killed her! It's true; mermaids drown people! And you probably cause storms too do you, hmm?!' John babbled.
John Watson got sent home from the army as somewhat of an invalid, and not even a proper one at that, he felt like a fraud compared to those who had lost limbs or who would be forever scarred from burns. Though it was with deep regret all round, the truth was he was useless-unfit for military service and a liability as a surgeon. He faced either an uncertain future or a very dull one handing out anti-depressants and birth control pills as a GP.
"I don't understand; what does that mean?"
sorry chapters are short, looks like more on phone.
The stranger smiled "I never said you were. Lets go somewhere more private yeah?"
"Sherlock I'm back! Where are you you big fish?" John called out, shivering in the Scottish winter air.
Somehow John managed to manoeuvre the mer into the cuddy's cramped berth where he lay him gently on the bed before disappearing into the tiny bathroom.
-------
'Um hello? I just wanted to say sorry, you know, for implying you killed that girl. We've been told bad things about your kind in stories and I guess I panicked. It was wrong of me to jump to conclusions'
"No one looks like you, that's the problem" John muttered before his brain caught up with his ears. "Wait. What?!"
When he returned he placed something waterproof under Sherlock's tail and moved to dunk a towel in the bucket of water by the side of the bed.
"It means it's worth a lot of money, which is what my people use to buy things-everything I have; my clothing, my home, food-it all cost money"
"No! Please don't go John, I don't want to be alone again"
"Are you giving me mating gifts?" Sherlock asked shyly.
John held back a curse but couldn't contain the gasp "Sherlock I can't accept this!" For he had unwrapped a perfect pearl.
"Sherlock what ever you want to say just out with it already!" John sighed.
"I said why don't you get a flat share?"
'They let you swim out on your own?'
TEXT FROM: JOHN WATSON
Thank you again for all the kudos and bookmarks, feel free to comment, in fact please do x
"You would go with this human Sherlock? You trust this man enough to leave your pod? Your place is by our side!" Mycroft thundered.
He steered his small boat carefully round a tiny island and laughed to himself at the thought of what his army mates would make of him acting like a salty sea dog.
"Right on time!" Bill roared.  "Tell me that isn't a sign? I could almost fancy him myself. Lets get home lads, some of us have got a country to invade in the morning"
"What?!" John spluttered with a sudden cough.
'Are you my jolly sailor bold?' he asked as he swam closer.
"Sherlock, even if it takes ten years off my life, I couldn't imagine going a day without a kiss from you. Starting from today"
'I swear I haven't said anything to anyone,and I'm not following you as such; I come here to fish because it's quiet' (and I know you'll be here) John mentally added.
As it turned out Sherlock used the knife to skin a seal (but he didn't return it)
"What's that old wooden boat doing there Sherlock?"
"Um yeah sure"
"Is it supposed to look like that? Are they all that size?" Sherlock quizzed as he leaned forward to look closer, one hand coming out.
"Yeaah about that" John dragged the word out, stalling for time. "What did he look like this mystery bloke?"
"Oh God please don't tell me you think he's your girlfriends brother or something?"
John came back with a couple of trout he had bought from the market with the sole purpose of putting a picture on his blog and pretending he had caught them himself.
"I...I already have a mate" Sherlock hesitantly replied.
Sherlock was worried about John; how long could he really be happy with him? Someone who wasn't even the same species!
"I was your first? you mean...? Mycroft really will kill me" John groaned as his brain finally came back online.
John shrugged and sipped his drink, he guessed he wasn't the only one having trouble sleeping.
"Christ you startled me! It's bloody good to see you though"
Sherlock swam around the boat singing a different song, his peoples fishing song. He had become very good at it, all alone he had to be else he would starve.
In John's b and b he suddenly felt unsure. "I've never done anything like this before" he confessed.
Ever since that day in the cuddy with Sherlock, John had been unable to keep the happy grin off his face. Alright a relationship with a merman, a bloody mythological creature for crying out loud!, and a male at that, wasn't how he imagined his life would turn out, and sadly he would never be able to introduce him to his mates, but for all that John was happy for the first time in a long while. In fact he would have to learn to rein it in as several of the old ladies he did odd jobs for were starting to ask who his sweetheart was and when could they meet her. Perhaps he could bribe Molly into playing his beard? He laughed at the thought.
John tossed and turned in his bed as the sound of Sherlock's plaintive whale like cries echoed from the loch.
“I don't know, what would I do?” John asked with a defeated shrug.
"That sentence made zero sense to me,  plus I don't dream" he shrugged.
"He did. John, why are you asking this? "
"Everyone dreams Sherlock. Just forget I said anything ok? " John slumped back in his chair sounding lost.
“Helping you”
"By all means take Victoria with you, she'd like to watch. She's more wild then she wants you to know, no that's not it-she's waiting until she knows you better before she tells you"
The older boy shrugged 'If you say so. You're right I suppose; I wasn't swimming here but I heard singing and before I knew it I was here..was it you singing?'
Sherlock's speech isn't great because he's been on his own so long he's rusty when it comes to proper English.
. . .
...................................
" It's, I mean she, is erm very nice John. The stripe is very straight"
"I can handle him" Sherlock whispered suddenly in front of John "You should worry about handling me. Still curious doctor?"
“I know you will”
"Well really it was more like you paid me to let you have sex with ME...I don't think I understand what it is exactly you're upset about" Sherlock admitted. "You suddenly recall you're the doctor who fucked me, so what? Are you worried about catching something? because it's a bit late, and for your information I wasn't a whore-that was the first and last time. I was having a cash flow problem and you looked like a bi curious mug. What do you know? I was right you were!"
"Did he have dark curly hair by any chance?"
Sherlock watched him a bit before slapping his hand away.
Day had turned into night into day fifteen times since Sherlock had last seen John. He was hungry and afraid; what if John had taken the money from the pearl and moved to the city? Perhaps he never wanted to see Sherlock again.
"I'd really like that Bill" John smiled "So anyway,  remember that place we went to before we shipped out to Afghan?"
One of his rugby pals suggested shots and of course none of them would say no, at least not before someone else did. Before long John was drunk. Not 'falling down' drunk or 'can't get it up' drunk, but his head was certainly swimming a little and he may have been giggling a bit more than usual.
"As flattering as I'm sure it is, I don't fancy being drooled on" Sherlock laughed.
“Watson you need to buy milk!” Holmes flung his violin aside to retrieve an incoming text message.
"I'm not saying I believe the human, but we should keep moving Sherlock, far safer that way" Mycroft murmured.
"You came back for me?" Sherlock replied equally quietly, the awe clear in his voice even through the pain he couldn't disguise.
'I'm not going to hurt you; I went out to do some fishing and I saw you..I'm a doctor but I didn't know what to do with you so I brought you here,to my house' John explained calmly. 'Can you even understand what I'm saying?' he added doubtfully, relieved when the merman nodded.
John felt sleepy and peaceful as he listened.
...................................................................
"I'm a doctor"John nodded, just managing not to giggle.
'He's just a boy, he wouldn't have been able to feed us all'
John's grin was like the sun emerging from clouds and Sherlock couldn't help but answer it with one of his own.
'Well I've never seen anything but I was there that night and I heard the cries. They weren't human alright, but they weren't all animal neither!' his drinking companion informed him before saying he had better call it a night
A change of clothes and a hot meal to still his chattering teeth and John felt ready to take on the task of finding Sherlock.
“I'll remember that” John said.
"It is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, better than anything man made" John murmured as he slowly stroked his hand down the length of the blue scales.
I did do some research on boats and cuddys etc and I know that one probably couldn't fit a man and a merman, but eh, it's fiction!
“I wanted to protect you from it—”
Watson replied, and after a while added
“What’s in it?” John asks. He peers into pot and sniffs the food carefully, his belly rumbling appreciatively.
“Mmm, I do.” John bent down to kiss Sherlock, lingering for a few moments to exchange closed-mouth kisses. “I love
were a person.
As if on cue, a small robot whizzed across the living room floor to suck up the crumbs. Sherlock ignored it, as he always did, in favour of the biscuit and the computer screen before his eyes. Who knew hacking into MI6 archives took less than an hour.
Sherlock heard John’s heavy and tired steps on the stairs a few minutes later. He smiled to himself and kept reading.
“By not telling me, is that fucking it?” John spat. Sherlock winced as if he had been physically hit. “You can’t make these decisions for me, it’s
, when they used to live together, Sherlock would often make use of the frosted glass door connecting his bedroom and the bathroom. Whenever he had heard John go in, he’d abandon whatever he had been doing and quietly slip into his room. There was a chair opposite the ensuite door, placed perfectly for surreptitious observation, where Sherlock would watch John undress. The frosted glass made everything blurry but just having the tantalising hints of John’s naked body sent Sherlock’s heart racing. He took in every detail of John’s broad shoulders and narrow hips, the thickness of his thighs, and his gaze hungrily focused on John’s groin, trying to tease out the shape of John’s cock from the blur.
Sherlock got dressed, and emerged from his bedroom to find Mycroft glaring at him from his spot next to the mantelpiece. Sherlock rolled his eyes at his brother’s attempt at intimidation, and flopped down dramatically into his armchair.
Sherlock leaned back into Jane’s embrace, still brushing her teeth, although her movements slowed considerably as Jane’s wandering hands got closer to her breasts. Jane nuzzled the side of Sherlock’s neck, planting kisses along her path. The kisses grew longer and wetter, until Jane reached Sherlock’s earlobe and sucked it lightly. Her hands, having finally reached Sherlock’s breasts, cupped them lightly.
“High praise from a self proclaimed genius, I’m sure,” John replied with amusement, another smile evident in his voice. Just like that, as quickly as the spat started, it was over.
John told Sherlock, with bitterness and anger in his voice, how he was demoted and decommissioned, put to sleep until a decision was made whether to take him apart or redesign him anew.
“I met someone last night. Sort of. He’s—”
don’t have that luxury, you fucking genius, this is it for me!”
John did.
Sherlock glanced at the empty spot beside him, and idly wondered how long it would take John to calm their daughter down, or whether he would be coming back to bed at all. Darcy was terrified of thunder and it took enormous effort to talk her down from the near panic she inevitably worked herself into. Quite often it took long enough for the storm to pass and she would fall into an exhausted sleep. Other times the storm was too powerful and too long, and her fear too great, and either John or Sherlock had to stay with her for the night.
“Sherlock, I am serious,” Mycroft insisted. “There are powers within the government and the military beyond my influence. Toying with them because you’re bored is an exceedingly stupid thing to do.”
“I got carried away, I’m sorry, we can wait—” Sherlock apologised immediately.
Less than two hours later Baskerville Laboratories came into view. Nondescript grey buildings amidst grassy moorlands, shrouded in fog and rain. They looked like something out of a gothic novel, a place where ghosts and monsters dwell.
“Sherlock? What are you doing here? Are you..?” John doesn’t finish the sentence as he takes in Sherlock’s appearance. The detective is completely soaked, his wet shirt and trousers clinging to his lean body, his coat and jacket nowhere in sight. His curls are plastered to his face, lips nearly blue and his entire body is shaking.
Sherlock felt his ears heat up. John complimented and praised him so much, so often, like it was a completely natural thing to do.
“Don’t you want to know my order?” Lestrade called after him.
Sherlock finally found a way to get Watson online, in theory at least. He had no idea whether flicking a switch on Watson’s interface would do anything, the AI could’ve been cut off from everything but a power supply for all he knew.
Getting into the folder took some effort, but once inside Sherlock was confronted with several subfolders, each harder to crack. Interest piqued—why go to such great lengths to protect some archived data no one even accessed anymore—Sherlock set about getting as much information from the protected archives as he could.
“Will you tell me about your purpose? Why they put you to sleep?”
“It does sound rather nice, actually,” John said as he walked up to Sherlock’s side and slid his hand into Sherlock’s. “Wouldn’t want to miss the rest of it.”
All of that in of itself was a pretty alarming thing to wake up to. What was most disturbing, however, was the very prominent and frankly impressive erection John was rubbing gently into Sherlock’s abdomen, as well as Sherlock’s own hard cock pressed against John’s thigh.
Sherlock had taken a case, a quick and boring thing barely above a five, to show John how he worked. He solved it quicker with John there with him, and it ended with a bit of light sprinting across Regent’s Park. It had been utterly brilliant.
Sherlock’s face was set aflame once more, and he turned to bury it in John’s belly. He mumbled “I love you too” into John’s cardigan, and knew John heard it by the soft touch of John’s fingers in his hair.
Breakfast finished, John cleaned his bowl and mug, and allowed himself a luxurious stretch. Sherlock couldn’t help looking at John out of the corner of his eye, hungrily taking in every detail of John’s exposed abdomen and the shifting muscles beneath his skin. John’s loud yawn reminded him to stop staring, and he once again tried to concentrate on blowflies and corpses.
“Apart from this last time.”
“You fell asleep.” John’s soft and quiet voice filled his ear. Sherlock shuddered at the accidental intimacy of it.
After two hours he gathered all the papers and burned them in the fireplace. He pocketed the pass given to him by Mycroft and ran downstairs to find the promised car waiting for him.
“Mmffs’good,” John mumbled into Sherlock’s hair. He kept thrusting against Sherlock’s belly. “Shr’lock, ah.”
“Hmm,” John hummed as he tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair once again. Sherlock suspected it was something he’d been wanting to do for some time, and was pleased to find he loved it when John did it. “We’ll figure it out.”
“Sherlock, can I—can I kiss you?” John’s words were a hushed whisper. He brought his hand up to cup Sherlock’s face, his thumb caressing Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“In the bedroom. It’s quite at home in the bathroom,” Sherlock retorted, scrubbing her face and yawning again.
John flips the channels idly, ignoring Sherlock’s huffs of protest.
“I’ll grab a shower and then we can go,” John said, still smiling. Sherlock let one corner of his mouth twitch in response.
Sherlock dried John with the towels he had prepared, and set about clothing him in one of the many laboratory coveralls strewn around the place. As he was zipping up the front of John’s clothes, the vitals monitor started shrieking, and John’s regular, deep breaths turned into gasps. John was going into cardiac arrest.
Glass panel no longer an obstacle, Sherlock ran back to the room. Working as quickly as possible, he retrieved the list of essentials he’d need once the transfer was complete from his mind palace, and found the medical supplies all in place. He prepared emergency resuscitation equipment, along with clean towels and clothing. He hoped he wouldn’t have to use any of the more intrusive treatments, but he couldn’t risk being unprepared.
“Come on, up you get.” Sherlock hauled John to his feet and pushed him up the final few steps to their floor. He half dragged the still giggling John to their room and dumped him on the bed.
