"Freddy!" Ern warned.
"What's that about?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock could be arrogant, defying death, reckless, but he was no fool. He couldn't try anything to take control of the car, seeing as the owner of the gun could easily shoot him in the blink of an eye. If he managed to get the gun and try to take the car, he would no doubt be caught in some horrible accident. There was also the problem of the hood around his head, and his hands were tied behind his back. The seatbelt was lashed tightly around him.
"What, Ern?" The one who must be Freddy said.
"And what makes you think I'll do that?"
"Well, I'm sure these are very, very nice seats here. And I must really go. I'm sure your boss would take away some of your pay to replace them." Sherlock said. He had to make a gamble. Maybe he could get them both out before Moriarty could do anyrhing. He was sure they would have to stop both cars in order to stay in line with each other. Possibly.
"What?" A staticky voice said. Sherlock could hear the sounds of muffled struggling in the background. John! What had they done to him? He fought to keep his temper down as he listened.
"Understood. Pulling over now."
Sherlock felt the car slowing down beneath him. He wondered if they were still on the highway or in the country now. Being in the country would certainly give them more room to run, but also more room to be shot at. Being on the highway would be embarrassing, but the more people, the more likely they would be heard, or at least reported. Also the less chance they would have at being shot.
He's almost surprised when the shot fires off.
"Of course, of course!" He called. "Wouldn't want to waste your time." He muttered under his breath. He shot a look at John.
But the gunman still had the gun in his hand. Sherlock scrabbled for it, but he already had the hand on the trigger.
"Okay, the plan is run. We could get over that fence there," He pointed. A cow mooed mournfully towards them. "And keep moving. They're slow, they're stupid. No ideas in their tiny little brains."
'Well, it's not that bad, you can still go home, but you'll need to rest and a lot of it. I'm sure that your husband will see to that, won't you?' He gestured over to me.
"Dumb question, sorry."
“John I…I couldn’t possibly…”
“It’s fine, Sherlock. It’s all fine.”
The Doctor interrupted their little row to add his own opinion.
‘What’s wrong, John?’ Molly asked. Her voice was so small, but she’s always been the mousy sort. Her question made my deliverance of the news that much harder. I tried not to look at you, because then I knew that I wouldn’t be able to tell them, that they would have to figure out on their own. My army training helped a bit, I was able to readjust myself, look more confident, able to hide my true emotions. I remember telling myself that it was just one sentence, and they’ll handle it, if I could handle the news, they could. I didn’t like the fact that you had cancer, but I had to deal with it, just until you had your operation. Then everything would be okay again. Didn’t you think the same as well?
protect you.
~~~~~~~~
“We just thought that you would have something more, I don’t know, stylish, since you’re such a psychopathic genius.” Sherlock sarcastically retorted.
They both watched the Doctor strut through the streets like nothing could touch him. Sometimes John wanted to know what went through his head exactly, and what he’s seen. Surely somebody with a time-machine would’ve seen many things. And not all of those events could have been good. Watson interrupted him from his thoughts with a short burst of pleasant laughter.
I turned around and smiled to myself, hoping that he would get the hint. When I got out of the shower I saw him sitting at the table holding the gift in his hands. His eyes were wide when he held the plastic skull in his hands. They took his original one during the drug raid what feels like years ago, and all the other ones he’s managed to get his hands on were binned by Mrs. Hudson when she came to clean. I crossed my arms and leant against the frame of the doorway.
The Doctor shared a laugh with him.
"Good ole' doctor Watson..."
“That’s a brilliant idea! What do you think Rosie? The day is nice and I know you’ve been itching to be out of the flat.”
Sherlock said that before he left the flat. Sherlock said that. He still couldn't get over it. Sherlock was hugging him and kissing him. Sherlock was talking to him. A guy brushes shoulders with John and mutters something under his breath about John not watching where he was going, but John shrugged him off. He felt like he should tell somebody about it, but who could he tell? Would Kylie be able to see Sherlock? Could she talk to him and get all the answers to the questions that she would ask John just before bedtime? John let out a sigh. He should be happy about this, elated, over the moon, but he didn't know what he felt. God knows that he loves and misses Sherlock dearly, but to have him back like this? John shoved his hands into his pockets. There it was, the graveyard where Sherlock's buried. John let his mind wander as he passed the rows and rows of headstones.
'Look, I know that this is hard for you. Don't hesitate to give me a ring, I care about him too, you know?' I knew that, of course, I did. I wasn't one for socializing then, Sherlock. I only talked to you, Mrs. Hudson and Molly. Taking care of both Kylie and you was very tiring, but I don't regret a thing. I gave him a brief smile and he removed his hand from my shoulder. He made his way to Kylie; I was holding her. He grinned and then placed a hand on her cheek. I don't think this was the first time he's met her, but he wasn't around much.
With a sigh, John started to roll over.
“Yeah, I can see her now. Have you two…talked at all?”
Kylie smiled widely and ran off to go join the other children in whatever game it was that they were playing. By now, it looked like it had dissolved into nothing more than a simple game of freeze tag. John was happy to see that they accepted her into their little crew without any hassle. Back in his day, you had to do some stupid dare or something along those lines just to prove that you were cool enough to join. Maybe that was just John's friends who did that to him, he wouldn't be surprised, honestly. He took a seat with Molly on the bench just in front of the playground, in perfect view of Kylie. They didn't talk much, they just sat and watched Kylie play with her new friends. John tried to ignore the moms sitting on the bench adjacent from him. He wasn't too fond of their lustful gazes.
“You even have a Lestrade,” Holmes muttered to himself.
“Come on then, let’s hear it.”
"I love you, John! I have always loved you, ever since I first met you and we went on our first case! I've always wanted to tell you, but I could never muster up the courage! I always thought that you would turn me down and that our friendship would be ruined and I didn't want that, and now you're dying because of me!"
“She was my secret Santa?”
“221B Baker Street.”
~~~~~~~
‘I’m aware that you have…difficulty with what’s happening to me, and you have every right to be. No husband wants to see their spouse die of something so slow and so painful. I know it hurts you, John, to look at me and see this…this husk that once was the man you fell in love with.’
The Doctor let go of them but still had the wide grin plastered across his face.
‘Five minutes and thirty seconds. That’s the highest that I’m going.’
They arrived at the park some minutes later. John and Kylie made their way over to the jungle gym. Surprisingly, there were almost no children playing. At most there were four or five kids playing a game that they no doubt created with their imagination. John gave them twenty minutes before their moms, who clearly came together, would tell them to wrap it up. He didn't have to look far to see the familiar face grinning madly at him and waving him over. He put a false smile on his face and walked over to her. He couldn't believe it, she looked exactly the same from when he saw her all those months ago. The last time he remembered seeing her was at Sherlock's funeral, her lips quivered the whole service, and he could barely see her face behind the handkerchief she used. She cried for the both of them that day. He admitted that her smile was a nice change from the face she wore then. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad.
Holmes moved to hold Watson because he looked like he was seconds away from passing out. Holmes was the only one who seemed to be enjoying this.
"Goodbye, John."
Harry chuckled. It was charming and I got the sense that she hasn’t laughed in a while.
“You like this, huh?”
"When?"
“I should think it has something to do with that Weeping Angel that we have encountered earlier today.”
'What’s bothering you, love?’
“I told you, John, I was simply checking in.”
Harry smiled and nodded. She had natural beauty, the kind of beauty that if she put on anything more than simple eyeliner, blush, and lipstick, it would be too much and make her look painted. It was simple beauty, even through the physical effects of alcoholism; the droopy eyes, the wrinkles around the mouth from immense frowning, the crow’s feet from squinting too hard through drunken eyes, she still somehow remained the youthful beauty that she had been years ago.
“Try and see if you can put her down for another nap.”
‘Nothing’s wrong, John.’ You told me. I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I had reason to be skeptical. You had so much going on.
All I could say was, ‘Sherlock Holmes, you have some explaining to do.’”
"As much as I would love to, John, you said it yourself, we have to get some rest. But I'm almost positive that there will be time after our wedding."
John turned away. It was true, but it was only because he was in denial. He loved Sherlock, but he was always a stubborn man.
He bent down to Sherlock's ear and whispered, "So don't you go messing this up, you hear me? You and John have a nice thing going here and you both make each other happy, keep it that way, I know what it's like to have your heart broken and I know you do too. So do me a favor," He paused to look at John, "Be good to each other. It's not good to be alone, trust me, bad things happen when you're alone. You've got a good thing going and I'll be angry at the both of you if you ruin it."
The Doctor gulped.
John didn't know what to say so the Doctor stepped in.
“Sherlock.”
John’s brows furrowed, he rested a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
It was very weird coming out of his mouth.
John pushed himself up off the floor and held onto the metal bar next to Sherlock.
"Sh-Sh-Sherl...I-I-I....love....y-y-...you...."
Moriarty turned away from the fire and started walking over to them. His face was haggard and cruel. His mouth had deep lines engraved on the sides. He frowns a lot. His smile was teasing the two as he held a hand to cup his ear.
After sitting for a few minutes joined together, Sherlock slowly rose from John’s lap and laid back on the bed. John picked his boxer briefs up and cleaned the come on his stomach, Sherlock’s eyes were half-lidded, sleep ready to take him. John smiled and kissed him one last time before resting his head on his boyfriend’s chest, feeling Sherlock’s long fingers carding through his blond hair.
The Doctor was walking ahead of them surveying the scene around him, watching the hustle and bustle of the crowded streets with a keen eye as if he was expecting something, which he probably was. Watson seemed to be enjoying the pleasant day while John just walked. He never really was the one to revel in nature, if it was a nice day, he never hesitated to go outside and enjoy it, but that was pretty much the extent to which he appreciated it. Finally, Watson spoke again.
John gulped. He was sure that Watson was going to lose it now.
I wanted this, Sherlock, I wanted this intimacy, and it’s been so long since we had it. I wanted to feel your soft skin rubbing against mine, I wanted to have your lips pressed on mine, I wanted you, love; I wanted my Sherlock.
John didn't respond. He sat on the tiny bit of the couch that wasn't being covered by Sherlock and kept at Sherlock's forehead.
“You could stay with me,” John said without hesitation, “Er…you can stay with us. Rosie and I, until your flat is fixed.”
'...I'm afraid that...the cancer made a reappearance...' He didn't stop the sentence, he just sort of rushed it all out in a whisper. He knew, he had sympathy for us. I think his name was...Andrew...good lad. He swallowed hard and then started talking again.
The Doctor's eyes widened and a goofy grin crept on his face.
He returned to his empty house and just looked around, cane in his hand, hair grey and face covered in wrinkles from living a hard and stressful life. He was alone again. He rested his cane to the side and then started playing with the dirty, wedding band he was wearing. He never took it off. Mary removed hers after they came back from the hospital with no baby in their arms. She proceeded to blame him for the rest of their time together. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. All he saw was dark curls, and light blue eyes staring at him with the welcomed tone of Sherlock’s voice speaking to him in his mind.
“That was better than I remember it.”
“It’s a shame really, I bet Anderson fifty quid that he’d show up, and find a way to make us all feel like shit.”
"No, I mean it, Sherlock.'
“It’s alright, I can do laundry tomorrow and we can bathe together and get you changed.”
“There are endless possibilities, John!”
"That's not what I mean, and you know that. All I'm saying is, you got people who care."
Sherlock huffed. “They are depriving me of precious John time!”
Sherlock reacted faster than he could think and shook his head. John put his fork down and sat back, trying to get a good look at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock resisted every urge he had to look John in his eyes and kept eating.
“Is it legal? You can show your affections in public without any repercussions, right?”
John didn’t miss the way Sherlock smiled to himself at being called that endearment. Sherlock’s hand moved underneath Rosie’s chin to tilt her head so that she would look him in the eyes. “Would you like to tell daddy what you did?”
“This dart was poisoned. But how…?”
Sherlock shrugged.
"Sherlock's strong, John, I'm sure he'll be able to handle the morphine just fine."
John placed his hand on Sherlock's. He looked over at the man who was now helping himself off of the floor, picking his hat up and placing it back on his head.
“John…” Sherlock’s weak, raspy voice said. He was awake. He remembered. John placed a hand on the back of his head and let more silent tears fall as he whispered,
“She simply passed on. Even I can barely explain how it happened, and I would prefer not to as well. Do forgive me.”
‘221b Baker Street.’
"I know Sherlock, I know."
“I was without the proper source of entertainment, nothing to arouse my excitement. But then you turned up, and I knew deep down in my core, you were the one.”
‘If I see one of them enter this room, you won’t need to worry about visiting me anymore.’ Your voice darkened, and in that moment that I knew that you would rather go through your battle alone than have people help you. I was the only one who was allowed to see you like that. At that time, I didn’t understand why you wanted to spare them from your suffering, but not me, not your husband. It isn’t until now that I know that you needed me. You didn’t want to be alone and lonely, not then, you only wanted me because you thought that maybe I could protect you as I had always done in the past, and shield you from whatever monsters or criminals sought to destroy you. You thought that I was unshakeable, right? That I was Brave John Watson, the soldier, the captain, but little did you know…there are some fights that even I can’t win.
“I don’t like seeing you like this, love. It’s not your fault, I know.”
‘Mister Holmes, if you don’t mind my calling you that for the time being.’
Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, but he wasn’t asleep.
And stood up and left the room.
Sherlock sucked his teeth.
“John I realize…that my mood has become quite low recently.”
Mrs. Hudson was the first to react; she held her hand to her chest and gasped. Molly and Greg, they looked surprised, but not like her. She wanted to know why she wasn’t informed. My mouth twitched into a brief smile. Being the mother hen is her thing, you know. However, I didn’t finish what I wanted to say, at that point, I’m not sure that I wanted to. I told them that we took you to the doctor, I left the part out where you’ve been going the whole time and didn’t tell me or anybody, you were probably embarrassed enough.
“I think our Rosie is going to say her first word soon.”
You contemplated it and then you closed your eyes and let out a sigh.
"Everybody's here...well, all except for one."
“Love!” His voice raised a bit, his words heavy with sleep.
“What do you suppose it is, Doctor? Have you seen anything like it?”
"So then what do you use?"
“This flat being destroyed means that everything we made together is destroyed! It won’t ever be the same again. I’ve loved you for so long and I’ve wanted you for so long and now that I have you, I’m terrified that it won’t matter once the flat’s fixed, because you won’t come back and I have
John’s brow rose and he crossed his arms. “Don’t tell me you’ve deleted sleepovers.”
“Yep, that’s my John.”
John was trying his best to keep his eyes open and not blink; he tried to ignore the stinging sensation that is dry eyes. He started to wonder if his eyes were red, but even if they were, he would have to deal with it; eye drops weren’t invented yet, so he would just have to rely on his body to repair itself. There was a breeze, not a cold, sharp wind, but a cool one, a breeze that suited the warm climate well. John was able to keep his quivering eyelids from shutting but he felt something land on his eye and basic instinct caused him to shut his eyes temporarily, just to get whatever speck out of his eye and stop causing him more discomfort than he already had. He blinked. And when his eyes opened again, the angel seemed to be closer. Not directly in his face, but it was obvious that it seemed to be back in his view, and it turned too. Its face was not that of an angel. It was gnarled, and twisted. It wore a deep frown that held razor-sharp teeth to add to its grotesqueness, its fingers did not resembled that of a delicate divine being; they were claws, claws of a vicious animal. Its eyes, they possessed no pupils, all it had was blank, stone-grey eyes. There was nothing there. John was convinced now that it wasn’t just a simple statue any longer.
“Please, go on.”
Sherlock mused for a moment, trying to find the one place he's always wanted to go, or speak to someone that he's always desired to talk to. Suddenly, he found it.
Watson walked into the living room to find Holmes already awake and sitting at the table with only a cup of tea that Watson thought was far too cold for human consumption. Holmes was already in his thinking position; his hands steepled under his chin, his eyes narrowed and fixed on one position, his mouth, tight and pursed as he prevented any noises from leaving his body in fear that his whole train of thought would be thrown off. It was still very early, about seven in the morning, If Holmes was awake at this hour, which was only if he was on a case, he would still be in his room. It was rare to see him out before the sun actually hit the sky. Watson had half a mind to snap Holmes out of it but he didn’t feel like being the brunt of Holmes’s anger, especially so early in the morning. He wanted to talk to Holmes; he really did, after hearing about Sherlock and John’s relationship, he felt like they should discuss it, he already knew how he felt about it; he just wanted to know how Holmes took it. He was happy for them, truly he was, but Holmes seemed to be a bit downtrodden about it. Watson let out a sigh and fixed himself a cup of tea and took a seat in the other chair. Thankfully, Holmes already took the liberty of bringing the paper with him to the table so Watson wouldn’t have to ask him for it.
'How are you feeling, Sherlock?' He was genuinely concerned about you.
John’s breath hitched in his throat, and he could hear his heart pounding against his chest. To have Sherlock say that to him, him of all people! It was an honor that no army medal could compare.
You sat up first and waited for me to stand. You didn't know what to think, I saw it on your face. You must have thought that you were dreaming. Me too, I pinched myself a few good times. I grabbed your hand and gave you a hopeful smile.
“Don’t think like that, Sherlock. I’m sure that whoever drew your name got you something, can’t really speak for the quality of that gift mind you.”
"Not for a minute."
“…I’ve always wanted you like this.” Sherlock spoke softly.
"Not sure, he's not in serious pain, yet, and he hasn't woken up either."
Watson’s gasp was audible as he removed his hat.
Willing to overlook John's use of foul language, he walked closer to him.
Sherlock stayed silent, his smugness gone. John had laughter in his voice as he continued, “Sherlock you, forgot about her having castor oil and she shat all over the place in the shop, didn’t she?”
He shook his head and made his way to Sherlock’s room, prepping himself for the sight and the reaction from his boyfriend. He paused in front of the smaller stairway, and had the brief urge to go up to his room and see what became of it. The glow of Sherlock’s phone screen interrupted any coming action.
It took you some minutes to actually attempt to form any words. I was still kneeling, holding onto the half-empty pill bottle as if my life depended on it.
with John and shower him adoration and affection that the soldier needed desperately. He hummed.
“That’s…that’s nice. As long as she’s happy here, isn’t that the point?”
“So there are no differences in our relationships at all, not even a little?”
John was even more puzzled.
“You’re John Watson, right?”
“So my vow to you, John Watson, is that no matter what we go through, we go through it together. It’s just the both of us against the world.”
John’s mouth twitched.
‘It was entertaining enough, I suppose. As usual, the spouse was killed and the other took the insurance money to live in the life of guilty pleasure. The best part was the look on the husband’s face.’
“Oh god please…”
She flashed her smile at me again before making her way down the stairs. I shut the door and looked at you. God you looked so beautiful laying there on the couch, next thing I knew I was all over you, kissing you and gently nibbling on your neck. You tried to not give in, but you did, you always do in the end. We shagged on the couch that night, all the delight I felt from our meeting with Susanne flowed through me, and I wanted to make you feel the same. But that was one of the last few special nights that we shared together.
John stood at the altar waiting for his brilliant groom. He could almost see him now, waltzing down the aisle with his arm draped over his older brother’s, striding with the cat-like grace and agility he has always possessed. He would glance over at Mycroft’s face and see the stoic expression that his brother wore. John knew that Mycroft was happier than he was letting on, but there was still that fear lingering inside him. The paranoia of his little brother’s life partner leaving him for someone better, or because they weren’t as in love as they thought they were. He has told Mycroft time and time again that he would never do that to Sherlock. He’s waited so long for this, and wanted it so bad, and to have this chance now and ruin it later on would surely send him to his grave years earlier than expected.
Kylie looked over at her uncle and nodded. John rubbed her arm.
"Holmes-Watson." He corrected harshly. Sally swallowed hard and said, "Mr. Holmes-Watson...please take a seat."
He hears Sherlock sniffle and say, “I don’t deserve you.”
“I love you, you know, that right? I couldn’t care any less whether these people agree or not, you’re my love, my Sherlock, and I will not let anything take you away from me again.”
John yawned and nodded, he was very close to sleeping in that chair, but he would pay for it with sore limbs the next morning and a grumpy doctor, wasn't a very friendly, or effective one. He kissed Sherlock's parted lips and rose from the chair, already feeling the effects of sitting in it too long. He gave one last glance at the Doctor, who only responded with a curt nod and watched as John walked the few inches to his bed and practically collapsed in it without even turning the lamp off. The Doctor shook his head with a smile as he watched John fall in a deep sleep in record time. He looked down at Sherlock and started speaking to him, even though he wasn't going to respond.
“You kissed me last night. Well, we kissed for a second time.”
“Right this way, gentlemen.”
“You’re caring, you’re nice to people. They look forward to you, and anyone who says otherwise is a complete and utter fool incapable of even processing their own thoughts. People already think you mad to be friends with me, let alone share the same roof with me.”
"You know you still never told me how you two know each other."
Sherlock Holmes was naked in his bed. He was fast asleep, lying on his stomach, bare ass exposed, the sheets only covering one of his legs. The sunlight crept in through the closed curtains. It shone on him and made him look like an angel. His mouth hung open slightly, every other breath was a snore, his curls fell haphazardly on his face. His afterglow was beautiful.
She started to slide her tiny finger across the clean counter top.
“What is it, Holmes?” Sherlock asked.
“That’s fine, I was here to join him.”
John realized that Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to look him in the eyes. That was thing about him, his eyes always betrayed the feeling that he tried to show. He knew that talking about this upset Sherlock, and that was not the point of the conversation at all. John only rubbed Sherlock’s arms and offered the gentlest smile he could muster, which wasn’t very hard when he was with him.
"Fiancee, eh?"
“Come on Sherlock, you’re so beautiful, come on let me see you please…”
Holmes answered, "221B Baker Street, of course."
"Alright, alright, alright!" The Doctor shouted. He was just as scared and angry as John and Watson were. Watson was doing the best at concealing his emotion for the moment.
“Sherlock, I mean it.” His voice a little firmer.
"I don't have a choice this time." John retorted.
I held both of our coats in my arms and tried to keep still, I thought I might have a quick kip to pass the time and to stop worrying so much because I knew you were going to be fine, the surgery was going to be a success. I just wanted everything to go back to normal, or as normal as we could manage. Nothing was ever mundane when you were around, Sherlock.
“Sherl…Ahh…”
“I appreciate the sentiment then.” Sherlock laughed a bit and John heard some rustling.
“How close are you?”
Sherlock’s sobs made his own eyes tear. The pain being wrenched from him, so raw, so vulnerable. What could he do to soothe him? He didn’t stop kissing him, even if they weren’t working. He didn’t stop rocking him side-to-side to calm his nerves. He didn’t think about how they went from the sweet sex they had to this.
“Alright, we’re almost out of its view, do not blink or it will get closer.”
‘I’m going to give her a call later today, so you two can have a more…personal chat with her.’
When the crowd dispersed to head to the reception, Sherlock and John stood behind to talk to Holmes and Watson.
"Information I could have went without, John."
“I thought you left, you know.”
"Alright, here we go! DUCK!"
"Brilliant!"
"I'm sorry, pup."
"Alright then, I'll see you later?"
“You should have thought about that before you married me, John Watson.”
‘Well I don’t know how else to tell you this, but…’ He trailed off. I felt my body becoming heavy, everything was going slower. Being a doctor and having to deliver the same news to other people myself, but for your sake, I was holding out, I was trying to think on the positive side for once, just this once.
It was after Mrs. Hudson went back to Baker Street that the two tried to settle back into where she left off. Rosie was fed and dry and happy, so the men had more time to themselves than they had originally thought. Sherlock was sitting at the table, surveying the environment around him. The table was sturdy enough, he supposed. It was good for eating, and then that brief naughty thought that maybe it was good for more popped into his head and he smiled. It wasn’t his table that he had at Baker Street. His table,
“What has you troubled, Watson?”
Sherlock sniffed.
That got her attention.
"On the inside, yes I know." The Doctor cheekily responded.
"Well...yes, if it's not too much trouble."
"I don't see why not."
"1890?"
"I thought so too but then they phoned me earlier while you were sleeping and told me that they're short a few people and need me to come in. I'm sorry, Sherlock, I promise I'll make it up to you."
Sherlock sent him another selfie of just him frowning. He added the crying emoji and the sad face, and then a bee for good measure. His phone vibrated and he smiled at John’s message.
From that day on, Sherlock took note of John’s behavior in the flat. He noticed how the man took to wearing tighter shirts, when he wasn’t snuggled up in his beloved jumpers. Sherlock nearly fainted one night, he was watching Rosie while John was having a shower. John usually came out wearing all his clothes, but this time, John emerged with nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. Even Rosie halted her playing to stare at her very naked father. John smoothed his hair back and walked over to the two with a warm smile on his face. He kissed Rosie’s head, earning him a smile from her. He moved to kiss Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock merely stared. John titled his head and caressed his cheek. Then, without a word he got up and walked to his bedroom to dress. The only thing that Sherlock could think of was how
“John, I am not your patient,” Sherlock spat, “I know what you are to me, and I want you to treat me like the lover you claim me to be.”
John took a step forward, wanting to get some clarity as well.
"You know, I can distract him for you." The Doctor said, helping himself to another banger.
"You see Watson? He's already inviting friends over."
“What’s it like? Living with Holmes…Sherlock…I mean. Is it any different from Holmes and me?”
John felt his mouth twitch into a smirk. It felt strange, since he’s only frowned since leaving Baker Street for a second time. That was his Sherlock, always dark and mysterious. He loved every bit of the man. But it’s been far too long, Sherlock must have moved on, John hasn’t talked to him in so many years, he probably forgot about him, deleted him, as Sherlock would say. John wouldn’t even blame him.
“But then I met you, Sherlock, and you returned all the passion and life to these tired old bones. You took me with you to investigate the murders, you told me my life story in the cab, and we ran all over London in search of a taxi. You are beautiful, Sherlock, and I’ve always thought so, and I just couldn’t tell you because I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, and you never seemed to rebuff my emotions, when I let them slide. You asked me to live in the flat with you, and I am glad I did. They say that happiness is unexpected, you can never truly feel it coming, it just springs on you when you least expect it. But I know, that whenever I see you on a case or just being your wonderful self, I feel it, I feel the happiness, Sherlock. You’re my happiness.
Sherlock closed his eyes and gave a short laugh but then winced and reached for his head.
Watson clumsily grasped Holmes's hand, but he quickly let it go and rested them on the table. Holmes would shoot glances at Watson every now and again to make sure he didn't expire, but thankfully, he didn't. The Doctor was also the other person who was amused by this. It was easy for him, they weren't interrogating him. Holmes was now shivering with poorly hidden excitement and showing each and every tooth in his mouth. This was something rare, as Holmes was normally cool and calm and collected. He looked very much like a schoolboy who's just gotten a compliment by their teacher.
John stopped his process of getting ready for bed and walked over to the window to let the Doctor in. As soon as it was opened enough, the Doctor crawled inside. He looked around for a bit, and then his eyes landed on Sherlock who was still sound asleep. His smile shortened and he walked over to the ill detective.
"Psychosomatic limp, Sherlock cured it when we first met."
The Doctor sighed.
I nod, downtrodden that you would reject me from joining you in the shower. It felt like so long since I’ve touched you. What I wouldn’t give to feel you against me one more time. I let you saunter past me and into the bathroom. I took my seat on the bed and waited patiently for something to happen, for you to change your mind and let me in the shower, or for Kylie to actually wake up, although it would be hell trying to get to go back to sleep. I tried to not think about sifting around through your drawers to see what you were hiding.
I gave you some of the painkillers and a glass of water so that your throat wouldn't be dried to hell. You didn't fight me, you probably didn't have the strength to. You swallowed the pills and the water and then you laid back down. I set the glass on the nightstand and stroked your curls. I kissed you, even though my lips were glossed with your sweat. I told you that it was the drugs making you sick like this. You nodded your head, at least you were listening to me.
‘Whatever for?’
"I have a time-machine, remember?"
You finally decided that you had enough. This was the day before you…no wait…at least three or four days. I won’t talk about your appearance then, because I simply can’t.
I remember the first time I acknowledged it. It was in the army, with someone you don’t know. I was happy, I was euphoric, and I thought I was in love. It was love that I felt for them, but it wasn’t as strong as I wanted it to be.
"Sorry, but, my friend..."
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded. “You’re getting warm.”
He found his article of interest and began reading, all the while peeking at Holmes to see if he came to yet. There were times where he found himself staring at Holmes and not being able to look away. It’s only when he saw Holmes’s eyes flicker that he would turn his gaze to the bolded letters printed on the newspaper and act like that is what he has been doing. He wondered what it was like having Sherlock for himself, to hold his hand, to give him the light kisses on his cheek or lips whenever he felt like it, to hold him close. Sherlock and John are probably doing the same thing downstairs, good for them. Sure he was a bit envious that they were able to do such things without the disapproval among their peers, or without the fear of their lives and freedom. How he longed for a society where everybody was accepted for who they were and who they wanted to love, but he won’t be around when it happens. At least somewhere out there, in the vast complexity of space and time, there was at least one version of them, one out of who knows how many, that got that chance.
“I’m going to have a shower, Sherlock.” He spoke lowly so he wouldn’t wake the baby. Sherlock watched as he disappeared into their room before going to Rosie’s to set her down. The shower already started, and Sherlock was quick to grab a change of clothes and walk into the bathroom. John sighed loudly, he must have just stepped in. Sherlock shed his clothes, he was meaning to do that after Rosie threw up on him. He looked down at himself, stark naked. He took a deep breath and stepped into the shower. John turned around, hair already lathered with shampoo, body soaking wet.
John moaned at the massage and the hot water hitting his body.
"Find out what, Doctor what are you talking about?"
Sherlock works his charm to get John to leave early from his job.
There it was again. The dull aching in his chest whenever he heard that voice. He didn't respond to Sherlock, he only watched as he walked over to their sleeping daughter.
“I know and I’m so sor—“
Sherlock turned around to see John still standing on the sidewalk.
‘John…’ You managed to say, ‘Stay…’
Sherlock's eyebrow rose. He didn't know how to respond, he never expected that John would just come right out and say it like that, what was he supposed to say? He couldn't even form a word. John let go of Sherlock's arms and opened the nightstand drawer that was next to the bed. Out came a long box with the initials, "J.W." carved into it.
But it was when you thought no one was watching, Sherlock. You would go to our room and if Kylie was in there, you’d stare into the crib and give her a smile. Not the fake smiles you were so prone to giving, but an actual, genuine, affectionate smile. This puzzled me, love, because you would never move to actually make contact with her, you loved her, but it was distant love. I provided the hugs and coddles for the both of us, nevermind Mrs. Hudson’s constant cooing.
“While my mind began to process all of the information I was soaking in, the doors slammed shut and I found myself unable to get out. The next thing I know, I’m watching Sherlock’s life, his childhood, his adolescent years, and his adulthood, which is where he meets me.”
Sherlock responded with a moan. He could hear Holmes, his body responded to the call.
Greg nodded in approval. "That's very nice of him."
The Doctor didn’t want them to see that he was hurt at their rejection. Sure there have been others who’ve chosen the safe way out, unlike his other companions, and decided not to join him on his escapades. He was proud of them, in a way, they knew that while the tantalizing thought of time travel sat in their minds, they still found a way to fight it and live their pedestrian lives. Still, there was that dull aching in his chest at their words. They were trying to be nice about it, but what they were trying to say was, “We cannot stay with you Doctor, you are dangerous.”
You gave a wry smile and said, ‘How can you be so sure?’
"Why do we always use the same dishes? We have lots of plates and bowls and cups inside of the cupboards."
“You got your limp back.”
What came after their bath was a hazy recollection of kisses that tasted like wine, interrupted by the giggles that escaped the tipsy men. Then it gave way to clothes being shed, limbs being tangled, and John telling himself that he never wanted to be without Sherlock again as he listened to his love’s moans and watched his face flush from pure ecstasy as he rode him slowly, gently, and told him how beautiful he was as they both came together.
Before she could say anything, John took the baby from her and Sherlock grabbed her coat from the rack and wrapped it around her. When they got downstairs, Sherlock hailed a cab.
'John!' Your hoarse shouts filled the flat. I was surprised that Kylie could sleep through all of that, to be honest. I had to keep telling you that I was holding you, that I had you, that you needn't call for me because I was already beside you. I thought you were crying, but you were heaving again, your poor throat after all of that. I think it took about half an hour before you actually calmed down. You sank into the bed and I pulled the covers over you. You were shaking and whimpering, but you still weren't crying. I knew, I knew that it was going to happen soon, the chemo was going to get to you, I knew that you weren't going to get away scot-free like you were so used to. I'm so sorry, for not stopping the pain, Sherlock. I was your doctor, I was supposed to stop the pain...
John’s heart melted as he listened to the two, well, mainly Sherlock.
“This isn’t quite how I imagined my evening, but cases seem few these days.”
Sherlock pondered the question before answering. He shrugged and said, “Yeah but you’re my git so it’s all fine. I don’t mind.”
John shrugged.
Watson’s words rang in his head that night, which is probably the reason why he woke up in the first place. He looked around, The Doctor came back. He was sleeping on the vacant bed. Sherlock was out cold; his thin body was pressed against John’s so closely, he could feel the light movements of Sherlock’s chest. He smiled at Sherlock’s sleeping form and pushed a few curls back. He placed a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and managed to settle back into a comfortable position. He closed his eyes and eventually found his way back to sleep. But then his thoughts could only go to Watson’s words.
John's brows furrowed. That wasn't Sherlock's voice. He spun around to find The Doctor sitting there with a fork and knife in his hands and stared at John with an eager look on his face. John's mouth was hanging open.
“I did."
Watson wasn’t sure on how to respond to any of this.
Sherlock’s doing better today. John thought as they lay in bed. John had no work, and Sherlock decided that the three of them should have a day in bed.
“I love you too Sherlock Holmes. I have been entirely at your whim since Barts, and it amazes me every day to see how much deeper I fall for you.”
“Go out?”
“So it is.”
I had just taken a bite of my biscuit when he asked me, so I had to swallow first. When I opened my mouth to tell him, one of the officers signaled for everyone to grab their gifts. I rolled my eyes at once again being interrupted, but Greg grabbed me by the arm and ushered me over to the circle in the middle of the office. When the exchanges took place, l handed my present over to Greg, who opened it with a grin on his face. All I got him was a new flask because Sherlock nicked his one time out of spite and I am not sure where it is now, or if it is even safe to be used anymore. He slapped me on the arm and immediately went over to the drinks to fill it.
"Do it, Doctor! My eyes grow sore and weary from all of this staring; end it now so that we may find Holmes!"
“Whatever Rosie didn’t finish.” Sherlock groaned. John couldn’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s transition into the stay-at-home dad. He kissed him again and then went to get his Belstaff off the hook.
John just stared luridly at Sherlock as he started to explain himself.
The Doctor's face changed from worried to grief.
"Nice try, Doctor."
“Doctor, what’s going on?” John asked as he stared intently on the statue.
“John.” He mocked.
“What if we call and tell them that you got sick from the café and have to return home?”
“She was a bit of a hassle at first, but after she ate she warmed right up to me, didn’t you, Rosie?”
“Oh Holmes, they aren’t blabbermouths! You won’t find it in the papers tomorrow morning.”
"What you need to do is move out of the way of the angel's eyesight, slowly, fot God's sake slowly! You're going to bring it over here so that I can open this door and have them make eye contact!"
He almost gave away their relationship again. Maybe next time he won’t cover it up, Watson deserves to know. But for now, he wanted to hear Watson’s response to his answer.
“An angel with the face of a demon, very interesting, don’t you agree Watson?”
‘It’s about my test results, isn’t it?’ You sounded worried. You had every right to be, lord knows I was gripping your hand for dear life.
It was John’s turn to laugh. He placed a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and sighed, “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Maybe if you stay outside long enough, you can come pick me up after my shift is over.” John was joking. He took the last sip of his coffee before tossing the empty cup away. Sherlock failed to see the humor in it.
He smiled as he felt Sherlock roll over. He pressed a kiss to his lips.
John knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be magically healed after ice cream and a movie. He knew that better than anybody. That’s why when Sherlock turned away from John in bed, he didn’t get mad, he wasn’t offended, he didn’t ask him questions. He just kissed the back of his head and told him that he would sleep facing his back, just in case Sherlock wanted to cuddle. He didn’t expect Sherlock to respond to him, so when he heard a soft, “Thank you”, he smiled.
‘I’m going to tell Lara that I’ll gladly give my baby to you. I like you guys, I know my daughter will be in good hands.’
Sherlock frowned and walked over to the crib. “What’s the matter, Rosie?” He picked her up and felt her diaper. It didn’t feel full. There was also no foul stench emanating from her, for which he was grateful. He rubbed her back and bounced gently hoping that it would do the trick. She quieted down a little, but she was still upset.
The Doctor looked up and saw Sherlock sinking to his knees.
‘Sherlock.’ It was only to catch your attention, to get you to settle your nerves. I thought you didn’t hear me the first time because you didn’t respond, so I said it again, a little louder that time. You looked at me and said, ‘Yes, John?’ In a tone that I could barely hear. I frowned and stood up. You needed intimacy, I didn’t care about what you thought, and you needed the physical contact, love. I took your hands, they felt a bit clammy, and I made sure that you were looking me in the eyes. I wanted you to understand that no matter what happened, we would always be there for each other, that I would always be there for you. You made the eye contact with me, even if you looked a bit defeated.
"We could send them through a crack, a crack in the universe, and trap them there! Do you see any cracks?"
I'm still kicking around, don't worry, everyone, whoever is still keeping up with this blasted blog. Why did you all read it again? That's right, you were all obsessed with Sherlock's cases. Can't blog about those anymore.
“Now I don’t want to hear anymore about this, Sherlock. I am going with you and that’s that.”
John crossed his arms.
The first thing John thinks when he rolls over is
Mrs. Hudson's brows rose suggestively.
Sherlock laughed. He walked back over to the TARDIS and then opened the door. John couldn't believe his eyes. It was so...big, it most certainly wasn't like a normal box. John had to step out again and then reenter because he couldn't believe what he was seeing. Sherlock and the Doctor were having their share of giggles.
My smile came back.
John ran over to the door that Watson was trying to approach earlier when he thought he was alone. John rested both of his hands on top of the wooden door and pressed his ear against it.
"You mean, you don't mind?"
Sherlock was upset. Sad. He couldn’t stop thinking about his time away from London, when everyone thought he was dead and he wished at times that it was true. He thought he could keep it to himself, without bothering John or Rosie, but he was wrong. He made them uncomfortable, and now he was making John worry even though he told himself not to. He’s just been so tired, his appetite was nonexistent, and even moving made his bones ache.
‘Don’t you think I’ve tried? Talking to Sherlock Holmes is like talking to a wall at times.’ Is what I said to her.
Sherlock laughed.
"Kylie, I was...thinking about something, and I felt like I should ask you before I did anything else."
“So, you don’t want Greg?”
“You’re so clever, and beautiful, Sherlock I’m utterly besotted, okay? You’re brilliant, and kind, and…Sherlock I don’t think there’s any word in the English language that will ever tell you how dear you are to me.”
“I’ll see you soon, love. How’s Rosie?”
Why didn’t you just tell me what the problem was, Sherlock? Why did you wait so long?
Sherlock locked his phone and looked up at John. The sad nostalgia that filled his face made John sigh. His room looked in decent shape. There was a bed again, with a sheet and two pillows. He never had much in his room, and it always baffled John whenever he went into the tidy room. Then again, Sherlock never really slept in his bed. There was a replacement lamp, which he turned on. Sherlock himself was sitting on the bed, his coat shed and thrown over the headboard. He patted the space next to him for John to sit down. Slowly, John sank onto the bed, startled by how soft it was. Big Brother Mycroft remembering his little brother’s sensitive skin.
We joked, and we got a piece of what we once were, even for a short moment, we were like how we used to be and then as the moment sunk in we both realized how much we missed it, didn't we Sherlock? After that, we didn't talk, we didn't even look at each other. You closed your eyes and in time, I knew that you fell asleep. Good, you needed the rest. I needed it too. I slipped out of the bed and managed to make my way down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson's flat, to see our Kylie. She got so big, Sherlock. She grew so much, her eyes, so big and so blue, they were so perfect to me. She's so perfect, Sherlock. She smiled at the sight of me and I picked her up. I was always cautious whilst holding her, she was such a small and fragile thing, I think I was always afraid of breaking her somehow, like she was a doll. I felt guilty for leaving her like this, for teasing her the way I was. I would hold her, pass her off to Mrs. Hudson or Molly and then walk away to tend to you. Sometimes I found myself wondering if we could even raise Kylie at the moment if we made a mistake of adopting her, but then I look into her bright eyes and watch as her chubby cheeks spread as she smiles and then I know that I...that we made the right choice in keeping her. In loving her.
Sherlock opened the other eye and sat up. He stretched his arms out as he yawned and then looked back down at the food.
"Your love for him, as well as your loyalty, it's very....heartwarming....It renders me breathless at times, I will admit."
“He missed you, you know. There were some nights where I found him staring at your chair and a few mornings where I found him sleeping in it.”
John absorbed everything he said, and mentally came to terms that this was real and that this was happening.
“I have too. I know what it’s like. It gets lonely sometimes, doesn’t it?”
“John, there can even be AU’s where we don’t even have the professions we have! I could work in a coffee shop or something.”
"Thanks for going shopping, you're a saint."
"I'm a doctor..."
"Anywhere, Sherlock."
That caught Sherlock’s attention. He cocked his head and furrowed his brows. “A sleepover?”
John perked up at the very real and very exciting prospect of sleeping with Sherlock Holmes. He nodded and walked into the room to prepare the bed. It had been so long since he’s slept with another person in the bed, and the fact that it was Sherlock, his best friend, best man, the…the man he loved, it made the man simply giddy. Was Sherlock just as excited as he was? He hoped so. As soon as John was dressed and ready for bed, Sherlock came in wearing his classic grey t-shirt and striped pants.
"I'll only be but a moment. I have to change into my casual attire."
Anyway, while you slept, I did what I had always done and killed time by turning to the telly to watch the news or flipping through the pages of the paper, but not taking the time to read any of the stories. Kylie was asleep herself, she was in the crib sleeping. The flat was so quiet, and as the hours passed, I found myself wishing for one of you to wake up. I know that it was probably selfish of me, but it does get boring being alone. On some days, I would curl up in the bed with you, but I wouldn't sleep. I would stare at the wall while I inhaled the scent of your curls and think. I thought about what was to come, what would happen to you, to Kylie, to me. I thought about you getting sicker, and then I thought about what would happen if you needed to be admitted to the hospital if it got bad enough...and then I scared myself and kissed you to calm down. I didn't want to think about those things, love, but you were ill, and I hated not being able to do anything about it.
I made some adjustments to her blanket and to the mobile that stopped playing a while ago, and after that, I just watched her. I remember thinking that she couldn't have picked a worse time to be born. Everything was dull, what with her fathers not even talking to each other. Her 'grandmother' barely coming up to visit anymore. She deserved better, Sherlock. And I knew that you knew that too.
“I made a bit of beans and…”
“How long were you in the hospital for? I don’t think it was longer than three days. They were going to let you go but then you got sick from the medicine they gave you so they kept you for a little while longer. The day after your surgery, I came back with Kylie. This was her first time going outside for longer than an hour. She enjoyed herself, she was quiet, and she stayed awake longer than other day. You looked so drained, Sherlock. Your hair was a mess, and your eyes were lidded. You argued that it was because they wouldn’t let you shower, but the truth was that it was going to take you a while to recover, because of where they operated, and your poor reception to the pain medicine. They also informed me that you weren’t eating and drinking like you were supposed to, so it was up to me to spoon feed you your mash and make sure you drank all your water. You acted like it was so troublesome but I knew you loved it. Maybe that’s why you were being so difficult in the first place.
John felt his cheeks get hot.
Holmes huffed.
“It went very well.”
“How do you think of me then?”
John thought about what he said. He was right, so much could happen, they waited too long to act on their feelings, and now this is the price they have to pay. With a deep, regretful sigh, John grabbed Sherlock’s chin and pressed his lips against the detective’s. The rage from the punishment of waiting, the relief of finally feeling Sherlock’s lips pressed against his, and the love that was bottled up for so long that would get to leak through for only a short while. When he was sure he needed air, he released them, leaving Sherlock wonderfully surprised. For a moment, Sherlock actually looked happy and content, he was waiting for this for so long and it was what he ached for, but then opened his eyes and saw the reality he was thrust back into. Their faces weren’t smooth with youth, it wasn’t the flat, and nobody was smiling. Sherlock’s tears resumed and John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s hand.
Watson spoke up.
"He'll make you laugh and smile on days you feel like giving up and crying, he'll compliment you when everyone else insults you and makes you feel awful about yourself. He'll listen when you're being ignored. He'll love you, when no one else will."
Angelo’s was more crowded than the first time they went all those years ago. When John was still haunted by the war and enchanted by the handsome detective. When he was the only one who ate, and asked Sherlock if he had a boyfriend. He smiled as he thought about his reaction to Sherlock’s answer. He was single, he was available, he could be his! And then, Sherlock ran off with the killer taxi driver.
~~~~~
He sauntered over to the door and then opened it gently, he ushered a hand towards the corridor to signal that they could leave the room. The both of them were walking close together, taking slow and wide steps, wearing calm and collected faces, minds racing to find even the slimmest chance of escape, but coming up with no results. They realized that he anticipated everything that they were going to do, he knew before they even got to his home. He planned all of this. He was looking forward to what he had in store for him.
You were a good liar, I’ll give you that. I believed you.
“Oh um…yeah, Smaug. He actually reminds me of you.”
Sherlock couldn't argue and neither could John so they just followed directions.
"So come on then, knock my head in!"
wanted to continue this. If you really wanted to be with me, Sherlock.”
Young Sherlock was smiling through all of the tears and sadness as he pictured life with this mysterious man. He found himself in Sherlock's embrace. It was awkward, but Young Sherlock knew that he was trying to comfort him.
"So glad that you could join us, John."
“Hello, John.” Sherlock looked up at John with a warm smile on his face. John smiled back and stood up. He ruffled the man’s curls and walked over to the coat rack.
"Of course I do Mr. Holmes, I don't think that there is a single person in London who has not heard, nor read of your exploits."
The joke fell flat and they continued to eat their dinner in silence. Sherlock finished before John, the man never took the time to enjoy food like John did. He folded his hands on the table and waited for his tablemate to finish his food. When John took his last bite Sherlock got up and collected both of their plates and walked to the sink without a word. John fidgeted in his chair and watched Sherlock wash their plates. Was he mad at John? Was he tired of living with him? It agitated him to see Sherlock in such pain. John closed his eyes and inhaled. He had to ask him.
I could almost see your face scrunching up. I had to explain further.
'What about you, Sherlock, would you like to hold her?'
"Sherlock, your John is not with us at the moment. The people who kidnapped us separated you from him and Watson from me. I've no idea where they are or if they have been taken to another location. We have to look for them and it will be much harder with me having to drag your body everywhere. Wake up!"
I grabbed the remote and switched the telly off to see that you didn’t even realize. You were going to fall out soon, and so was Kylie, which gave me the blessed moments of silence where I could gather my own thoughts. You weren’t the only one struggling with the news. Even with the surgery appointment, that didn’t change the fact that you still had the cancer inside of you, growing each day. I tried not to dwell on it too much, but, that was the doctor in me, you know?
John felt the hair on his hand and realized that Watson was right, he dropped it when Sherlock got knocked over by…er…well…Sherlock. It was awkward silence at first but John remembered his manners.
You, Kylie, and I spent a pleasant few hours inside of the living room. I was catching up on my telly and you were laying with me on the couch as I scratched your scalp. Kylie was in her swing seat, the fancy thing you insisted on buying for her. It played classical music and rocked her back and forth, she looked pretty content with everything. You were quiet, but I didn't think much of it. You were watching the show with me and I recall you liking it. Luther, it's called, and I think that you only watched it because you had a small crush on the main character.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, come on, we have to go now."
‘He said that he didn’t want you to see him in here. He wants you all to remember him as the person he was before…this.’
“Did your Santa give you two gifts?”
The boys spend the day in bed, telling the other what they love about the other.
Holmes made a few short noises and then waved his hand in the direction of the bathroom. He watched as Sherlock rose from the couch, hand on his stomach, and made his way to the washroom. When the door closed Holmes looked up at the door. He still couldn’t get over the fact that that person was him!  Sure he wasn’t exactly like him; he was younger, a bit more sentimental, this was made obvious by the ring on his finger. But looks can be deceiving.
Sherlock didn’t respond but John heard him fussing around with the kettle and preparing everything. John couldn’t explain how happy he was to hear Sherlock’s angry mumbling. It was an eternity ago before he heard it. The cottage looked like the interior of Baker Street, with the few exceptions. There were pictures on the walls. John didn’t see anything that looked like wedding pictures, or any newborn children that looked like it could be Sherlock’s. So he hasn’t gotten married, that was good. Sherlock emerged from the kitchen with a tray of tea in his hands. With carefulness, he set it down on the table in front of them and then took his seat with his cup in hand.
"No, Sherlock, please don't...stop teasing me like this."
"And so what does that mean?"
Holmes shrugged.
It wasn't a few hours later when you rose off of the couch and walked over to me. You told me that you weren't feeling well again and that you were going to have a kip. You kissed me and then retired to our room. The kips were happening daily then, you needed one every day. A bit after that, Greg showed up and told me that he had some cases for you, just a few cold cases that didn't require physical work. I told him that you were asleep and his smile wavered.
“The worst part of it all was that I deduced the pregnancy. I thought that maybe I could fit into the circle some way, somehow, but it was closed off to me because you were going to have a child. You weren’t going to need me anymore, but I still needed you.”
Sherlock crossed his arms.
John couldn’t do anything in response except laugh and grin as wide as his mouth would allow him. They both sat staring at each other with the most genuine of smiles until Rosie wailed and started to wiggle around on Sherlock’s lap in discomfort. Sherlock set her down and watched her crawl over to a set of blocks. “I guess she felt smothered.”
Sherlock couldn’t shake the feeling of guilt. His eyes watered and he said, “I’m afraid I won’t eat very much.”
"Mind if I tag along?"
"John, we are approaching our destination."
“Marriage is the union of husbands in heart, body and mind. It is intended for their mutual joy – and for the help and comfort given on another in prosperity and adversity. But more importantly – it is a means through which a stable and loving environment may be attained.”
Sherlock looked up with glassy blue eyes. He shrugged. “I’m not sure, I feel like I am.”
John turned to Sherlock.
The Doctor flung himself over to the little monitor he had and furiously examined it.
They took a cab the next morning, together they smiled and whispered and laughed like they were telling secrets. The driver looked back at them a few times, wondering if they were going to have sex in the backseat, he was relieved when they didn’t. Sherlock chuckled. They entered the flat and Mrs. Hudson was singing something to Rosie that made here giggle and the two men sighed, they prepped to return to an angry baby and a tired Mrs. Hudson. When John shut the door and Sherlock shed his coat, the old woman smiled and walked over to them with the baby in tow.
"However, would you care to answer a few questions of my own?"
Watson shushed him.
"I'm only trying to make conversation with you, John. She looks like she's having so much fun, why would I interrupt her to talk about school?"
Watson grinned.
You snorted, 'If you didn't want this, John, then you wouldn't be so adamant about me going!'
Young Sherlock was suspicious, but let Sherlock talk.
John’s brows furrowed. “What do you mean?”
“Everybody stay still and don’t blink, for the love of all that is sacred DO NOT BLINK!”
You slid off of the examination table and clasped your hands together.
“Packed away. We actually got back not too long ago.”
“I just…um…well…I’m…engaged.”
“The day you showed up, actually. My man, I fed him to the angels some time ago, was chasing our dear friends Holmes and Watson down the winding streets of London. He was stopped and ran face first into your blue box. He says that it was like magic, your box, there was no way he could have not noticed it during his pursuit. He hid behind it, and watched as Holmes collided with Sherlock, and the rest of the scene that played out.
“It doesn’t look like much.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock stared at his reflection in the tea.
His smile was going to drive John crazy.
John swallowed.
“It’s not that either.”
I was done heating up the bottle after a few minutes, and so I gave it to you because you looked like you wanted to feed her. You shook your head and gave it back to me. You weren't ready yet, you still didn't hold her, that wasn't until much....much later...
‘I could try and make him come round, if you lot really want to see him. He’s expecting me now anyway.’ I tried to lighten the mood, to make them forget their sadness I guess, but we were all a somber lot, weren’t we?
'Have you been back to the doctor?' He inquired.
“How long have you known that I was here?”
"How...how do you know that?"
Sherlock was now stretching, as was John, who let out a loud yawn.
“It appears that I have grown quite…. accustomed to your presence in the flat and I would find it suitable if you were to stay.” He said that bit quietly and I couldn’t help but smile in his face. He started to twiddle his thumbs, and didn’t look me in the eye as he started talking.
"Usually, when you go to see him, you get sad and then you drink from the bottles in the living room and then ask me to sleep with you that night. I only asked because I don't like seeing you like this. I want to see you happy, and I never see you happy anymore."
John looked at Watson through pained eyes.
John was walking up the stairs to Holmes and Watson's flat to wake the doctor. He knew that it was late and that he was sleeping, but this was important, Sherlock is ill and this is Holmes's fault so the least he could do was spare a few minutes to give John the morphine he promised. He opened the door quietly and moved at a snail's pace so that he wouldn't disturb Holmes or give both of the men a fright and think that somebody was breaking into their home. The flat was dreadfully quiet and dark. He tiptoed on the floor and avoided the furniture so that he wouldn't make any noise. In the first room he encountered, he heard noises. It sounded like grumbling added with the random clanking of items. That was Holmes's room. From what John heard, he was upset about something, or very concentrated. He didn't want to disturb him anyway, he was already upset for letting John and Sherlock stay the night and he most certainly wouldn't be happy that John was in his flat at and ungodly hour of the night, sneaking around in it. John made his way up more stairs, thankfully none of them creaked as he pressed his foot on the boards. He then walked over to Watson's door and held up his fist before making contact with the wood of the door. He only had to wait a moment before he heard footsteps nearing the door. Watson opened the door, holding nothing but a candle.
He looked around and found the couple on the floor next to him, staring into each other's eyes intimately, with growing smiles on their faces. The Doctor's mouth turned into a wry smile and he placed a hand on his chest.
“You don’t have a special lady waiting for you back in your home? No wife?”
“Don’t thank me; just do what you have to do.”
'Can you...will you lay with me? Please? You always leave the room, can you not stand to look at me?' You asked me. Your tone was darkened as you said the last part. I was shocked to even hear you say that, Sherlock because you knew that that wasn't true at all.
“Just something to help me make it through this godawful party.”
"Apology accepted, now are you coming or not?"
"How do you know about Redbeard?"
“I don’t know. I would very much like for you to be home.”
They both had eyes fixed on each other as Moriarty spoke.
“You don’t have to do this, but alright, John.”
John was just as curious too, if not excited to see Baker Street again. Maybe, whenever the flat is fixed completely, John would go back with him.
Not being able to take the quick and quiet glances anymore, he pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a deep sigh.
John pointed a finger at himself.
Sherlock and John gave each other questioning looks.
He was talking about Redbeard. I remember you telling me the story of your beloved childhood dog that was put down when you were only a boy. From the way you described it to me, I knew that this was still a very touchy topic for you. I was only happy that you trusted me enough to tell me such a personal story. I thought that it was odd for Mycroft to bring up your dead dog when…but I heard you laughing and so I thought that maybe he knew what he was doing.
"So, uh, Greg, had any cases?"
Kylie and I are doing well. Well enough.
"Not like that!"
"Nope, we've only gotten to the front door before Sherlock and The Doctor had their row, I included myself in it as well. As soon as we cleared that mess up, I remember getting hit with one of those blasted darts. I heard Sherlock shout my name, and then everything else was blank."
'No, no we aren't going to be taking her with us. She wouldn't be able to stay quiet that long,' I went along with the subject change, 'I don't think Mrs. Hudson would be able to keep up with a newborn, so I phoned Molly. She hasn't got anything on, and she hasn't had a chance to meet the baby yet so why not?'
"I suppose I can fit in a meal now."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
That was the voice that told John "You cannot dodge this no matter how hard you try." He took a deep breath and then another swig and set the cup down on the table next to his chair. After a beat, he said, "I still have the gun."
“Either I’ve gone mad or you are especially naked tonight.”
He always wanted Sherlock like this too.
And quietly, without making eye contact with John, he said, "Because there's one behind you as well..."
‘It a few weeks after we got the news that we were going to have Kylie,’ You began, ‘I started to feel…well, I don’t want to say ill but not right. My mood was changing and I noticed certain changes were taking place in my body.’
“You know I should. You’re brilliant.”
“Just for the record, it is NOT a weapon!”
Immediately Kylie ran behind her father's legs to protect herself from the strange woman headed her way. Molly stopped just in front of John and crouched down to meet her eyes. Molly's smile shortened as she waited for Kylie to speak.
“Just a small amount, not too much.” He muttered as he gulped it down. It didn’t burn anymore, it felt just like drinking water. A bit not good.
“They’re called Weeping Angels. They’re very dangerous, yes they are statues but looks can be deceiving. When you see one you must not blink under any circumstances. Don’t blink, don’t move, and don’t even breathe. Every time you blink, they get closer, and if they get close enough to touch you…”
"Looks like we got it to ourselves today!"
That night was a lot longer than most, and then the days that followed, seemed even longer…”
He placed his hand on the cold tombstone. Then he stuffed it back inside of his pocket after giving Sherlock a salute. He turned and then made his way towards the exit of the cemetery.
‘I just wanted to get a good look at you is all.’ You spoke softly; I’ve rarely heard you speak like that. Your hand raised and you placed it on my cheek. You rubbed the pad of your thumb against it, feeling the stubble from my recent shaving. The sensation was incredible, even from that simple gesture. You were leaning in now, and I knew that you were moving in to kiss me. I moved around to make things more comfortable. Your lips were pressed against mine and I was euphoric. You moved in deeper, or maybe that was me, and I felt your tongue intertwine with my own. My hands moved to your back, I let them roam all over your body, they made their way to your bum, and I gave it a squeeze. You pulled away from me and opened your eyes. We were both staring at each other and breathing heavily. Your eyes were colored by the moon, and how beautiful they looked. We stared at each other with longing, we both wanted this, you just couldn’t bring yourself to do it and I didn’t want to force you.
“Because I know that I abandoned you, and that I left you alone for so long, Sherlock. I know that you’ve gone through things that you shouldn’t have alone. I was supposed to be with you forever but I wasn’t. I let Mary get in the way of us and God, Sherlock I am sorry for that, I am so sorry. But I’m worried about you, I want you to talk to me, I need you to trust me again.”
John's eyes glazed over again because he knew that he was going to hate himself with what he was going to say next.
'Ah...when? If you don't mind my asking.' Everything was so tense between you two, but I've opted to stay out of it, it was up to you two to mend things.
She shrugged and pointed down the hall. “Last room on your left.”
“I will.” With that Mary left leaving the two men alone.
"Will you kiss me yet?" Sherlock responded as he just stared up at John. Because that was who he was, he was John Watson, a man with a past, just like Sherlock.
Things had shifted in the last few days, since that kiss, the one Sherlock didn't seem to remember, the dynamic between them had become more tactile. They spent more time reassuring through touch rather than words and Sherlock especially seemed greedy for it, something John was worried about but didn't dare mention.
“No, she….she was here.” Sherlock opened his eyes, they were blood shot, dilated. “She was here.”
However if it hadn't been for AlwaysJohn I think I would not have gotten here at all. So thank you AJ you have been a huge help, a great motivator so this story is for you.
The last couple of weeks Sherlock had seemed calmer, he hadn’t had any more flash backs in that time and as far as John was aware this was the first nightmare.
Tag change!
John frowned then shook his head.
John pulled back, but kept his hand on Sherlock's arm.
Thats all folks. Again thank you for all the kudos and comments and bookmarks.
"You can do this, your body will rebel it with shout and scream and through a tantrum worthy of any two-year-old. But when you are sat down it will end and you will have internet access."
"Okay." He agreed his breath catching even in that small words as his emotions caught up with him.
With that John started to fight against what held him.
"I'm in love with your brother Mycroft, I will do anything to make sure his suffering is not great, even if it means hurting him in the short term."
“Why Mr Watson, I never knew you cared.” Sherlock said smoothly a smile on his face which cause John to smile back.
"John..." He realised then Sherlock was asking a question and he wanted an answer.
"What? Where?"
"I've been trying to work out who planted the bomb, it was why Mycroft is coming. He has the tapes."
“Mycroft.” Sherlock finally said.
"Sherlock is have an adverse reaction to the sedative, even the low dose he is on is affecting him in a way that is causing his heart rate to lower. If he was healthy he would be fine, his heart would slow but not drastically. But because of his trauma his body can’t take it."
"Hello Sherlock." John said as he looked up.
“You will be after Moran, him I will shoot, preferably through the head, right in-between his eyes. It will blow out the back of his skull, messy, but quick. You however will suffer, a deep cut to the throat, not a killing cut, no, a cut to the carotid artery, slow, painful, watching as your blood pools on the ground before you, unable to stop it. It will be slow for you because you have taken more pleasure in all of this than anyone else.”
"Oh...sorry." he slowly let go of the coat but didnt make a move to take it off of him.
John watched the sun come up, he watched the sky go from black to light blue, going through all the colours it could do in-between.
With that the two left the elevator to continue following the doctor.
“No, Moran shot her, I saw it.”
"How is he?" Mycroft’s hand tightened slightly in the umbrella he was once again holding, something John only noticed because he was sat right next to the hand.
“I guess.” John stared at Sherlock for a moment then turned to the nurse. “Thanks for your help.”
Sherlock opened his eyes as the voice sounded just behind him.
"I have been assigned to the two of you only. My fellow doctors have a good relationship with my other patients and so they will be taking over their care."
The silence that follows is thick, uncomfortable, broken only as Mary once again enters. She seems to feel the tense nature of the room as she goes about checking Sherlock over in silence, her voice quiet when she speaks to Sherlock asking him about his pain, and if there was anything more that she need to know to which Sherlock had simply said that he was tired.
Reaching Sherlock’s room, it was to find staff working hard trying to, one calm Sherlock and two ease whatever was causing his pain.
All I will say about this one is....ouch.
"Oh Sherlock." John closed the distance between them as Sherlock reached out. Wrapping his arms around the thin waist John instantly felt how cold Sherlock was.
"Yeah." Moran's smile changed and John held back a shiver. "Just remember I have Sherlock."
The belt suddenly cracked followed quickly by sharp stinging pain, but he didn't scream.
Sherlock was looking at him in such a way that John just laughed.
"Harry is my sister but not in blood. We trained together, had missions together. I gave her away at her wedding, held her as she screamed her grief after watching her wife being killed in front of her. Tried so hard to keep her sober. I love her as a sister I never had. So though we grew in different homes, she is my sister."
"In a blowpipe!"
John closed his eyes leaning his head down next to Sherlock’s and just breathed as the whole last half an hour replayed over and over in his head.
Grabbing the mick he calls down to John. “John! We've lost the crane!”
"Take these off." He hissed, not caring for the sweetness rolling off the nurse, or for her concerned eyes, or gentle nature. He wanted out! "Also get me discharge papers."
"They have intubated him to help with his breathing, that is the tube down his throat, the pump machine next to you is what is helping him. The wires leading down from this monitor-" he moved his hand from the monitor along the wires that disappear under a blanket that covered Sherlock’s chest. "-are attached to his chest, they will be monitoring his heart rate and blood pressure as well as his oxygen levels." He then went on to explain each IV line, fluids, blood, antibiotics, then to the lines draw off all the built up fluids Sherlock would be unable to regulate himself as well as a line drawing fluids from the injury itself. All around them were the machinery to help keep Sherlock alive and once John was done he just breathed as Mycroft processed.
*How injured? *
"I gave myself the name John Watson to join the army, but it was only a cover, it wasn’t real, I was still Austin Carver. You however made John real, you gave him purpose, a reason to carry on, to live, not again, but for the first time. You gave me a life I could never have hoped to have.
"Yes...yes yes yes. Please, I want that too, need it just as much as you. Please, please." As John spoke his hand started to move over Sherlock’s back pulling at his shirt, trying to free it from the confines of Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock too started to pull at John's clothes, each of them fumbling and failing as they kissed while trying to undress the other.
"The real you who is out there, my medical need in his hands, the you I..." he stops taking a slow deep breath "How has he made himself so indispensable in such a short time?"
Sherlock smiled, his fingers lifting to brush at John’s hair.
"I have been reviewing the CCTV for the train, hoping to get who ever is behind the bombings."
"If I can no longer trust my mind John then what is the point?"
“Okay.”
"Sherlock." He said instantly his had reaching for Sherlock’s hand, no his wrist. His fingers wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist allowing him to find the pulse point and holding himself still as he counted.
“It’s okay John.” Sherlock tried to reassure but the fear was so clear in his voice it broke John’s heart.
"I...I dont know." He finally answered.
John shot Moran a look from his half curled up position.
The window overlooked a small plot of green, a small park that had patients in wheelchairs being pushed around by family or care staff, enjoying the sun, even on a cold day.
Turning to the man he took in the clothes, faded jeans, dark jumper, a button down shirt worn under said jumper. He was older than Sherlock with golden blonde hair greying slightly at the roots and deep blue eyes that sparkled as they ran over Sherlock’s face.
“Oh god.”
Sherlock sipped at the rather expensive scotch in the rather fine cut glass tumbler held in his hand.
“Ah, well that explains a lot.” Coffey says before walking around both Sherlock and John to exit the room.
John sat forward his eyes dark.
Moving through the rig he heads for the rooms he and the other mariens had been using. Once inside he makes for his bags picking one up and throwing it onto the bed just as Schoenick walks in and closes the door behind him.
"This tells us how much radiation we get?" Dimmock asked picking up a gage.
John woke slowly, his body having sent him into a rather deep sleep after the events of the day. As he woke he remembered what had happened and his mind shouted at him to wake up faster, to make sure Sherlock was okay, but his body was having none of it. He felt soft and heavy even as he slowly forced his eyes open to take in his surroundings but the first thing he saw was Sherlock.
"You need me here."
“You killed MaCormick.”
John was struggling.
“Sherlock you woke up yesterday and screamed for hours.” Sherlock frowned his fingers loosening slightly as he shrank back onto the bed.
"John, we might have to admit him."
"John?" Sherlock asked, his voice horse and pained.
“I have you.”
“Maybe their whole technology is based on that. Controlling water.” John adds, Sherlock smiling at his clear input.
“Okay, well I guess that is better than a UFO…but then that works as well I guess: Underwater Flying Object!” John could hear the excitement in her voice, knowing she wasn’t mocking Sherlock, that she was starting believe him, but whether Sherlock knew that was another matter
"You knew I was there."
“What condition?”
John gave up and looked back down at the man. "No, I wont leave you."
Things don't go how they are meant to.
"Can I help with your back, maybe clean it?"
So, enjoy x x
"When I get this off you be ready for a lashing unlike any you have experienced."
"Just goes to show how blind you really can be." Molly answered over the com.
"Sherlock he needs to know about the risk." John warned.
The three fell silent as Sherlock shook his head then using his thumb and forefinger on his right hand pinched the are between the thumb and forefinger on his left hand.
Forcing his eyes off the body he loved, he moved them to the eyes he could die in.
With that John turned and left, locking himself away for the next few hours.
He remembered the morning, cuddles in bed, kissing as they showered, giggling as they made breakfast and then Cathy came.
The whole time they just stared at each other, John just taking in the man before him, taking in the fact that Sherlock was in front of him and he wasn’t about to just disappear.
“I had a case, Lestrade he…” What colour was in Sherlock’s cheeks suddenly drained just as his breath caught and his back arched up off the bed. The monitors all around started to sound one after the other.
In the moonpool, what is left of the snake rears back like an injured animal, turning on Coffey before retreating back and disappearing into the water with a large splash.
(9:39am) Also Cathy is not happy with you for leaving. She worries about regression, about me regressing. I think you need to apologise to her when you get back.
Sherlock’s hand suddenly moved on John's right side causing John to shift away and gasp in pain.
"I know, but it's okay, you are safe."
"Then we won't talk about anything."
"Yes, touch can cause him pain when its unwanted."
"Maddie trust me." John said turning back to the nurse. "Just go, do what you need to do and you will be back in under five minutes."
“Okay.” Warm lips kissed his temple then John pulled on another glove and started to clean, then redress the wound.
Cathy watched John closely as be spoke her eyes showing worry at his words.
"I will get us out of this, I promise."
Across from him Cathy sat in the single armchair while John made tea.
"I pinned his wrist to a door." John said without missing a beat. "We where...having fun, I lost myself and over stepped."
"Fuck!" John growled holding still as Sherlock got used to it all.
"After what?"
John held out the coat, he could easily just leave it in the sofa or just throw it over to him, but he kept hold of it and waited.
The room they enter was dull, the windows washed with white paint, just like most of the other windows in the building, though one here was smashed allowing at least someday light to flood in.
“John, you haven't slept properly in the last thirty-six hours, you have hardly eaten and you're differently running on tea alone.”
"They stole that from me."
John and Sherlock followed Molly as she muttered to herself.
"Don't." Sherlock said with force.
"Right. Thank." Sherlock stood slowly then headed towards the bathroom the sound of the door locking filling the silence.
The silence from the radio informed her of that much.
“Do you want to do this John?” John looked down at the brush then to the nurse, a man, in his late fifties with greying hair and kind brown eyes.
"For as long as you want me."
When he got no reply he sped up his pace.
Now dressed in faded blue jeans and a dark blue jumper, under which he wore a simple white shirt, he felt cleaner, refreshed, but his heart continued to beat fast and hard as every time he closed his eyes or thought too hard he was either seeing or thinking about Sherlock. He needed to get back, to go and sit and wait while people he was sure he knew tried to save the life of a man he hardly knew and yet was now so ingrained upon him that he just couldn't stay away, not until he knew that he was okay, not until he gave thing's the chance they both seemed to know they deserved.
Anyways, I think these two are close to going home, we shall see.
"Good." John said simply as he pressed a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, catching the single tear that had escaped. "So lets fix us then go home, together."
“John?”
More Silence.
Sherlock was chained up by the wrists, his hand high above his head, with his feet only just touching the ground.
"Not...not as funny as...the elephant!" Sherlock pointed out cause yet more laughter.
"Thank you Mr Holmes, we look forward to your visit." The line went dead.
"Fair enough." John noddded.
"You're okay, you're not being held prisoner and you are safe. You are safe." He repeated to himself, John’s voice also sounding in his head.
"So when will I wake?"
Was he truly safe?
"Goodnight John." Sherlock whispered as the door clicked shut.
Anyways enjoy and please let me know what you think.
“Fuck how.” John growled then was across the room, his hands pushing Sherlock hard against the wall as he attacked Sherlock’s lips with his own.
Silence falls in the room, Mycroft watching John as John watches Sherlock. The two men know what John is asking is almost impossible, but it could be done. John want’s free of his past, a past steeped in blood and death, a past he fought against in every dream.
Sherlock turned slightly and for the first time in a year took in his soon to be ex-husband.
“Yeah…thanks.” John stepped around the other nurses, heading to the head of the bed and took the brush from the older man. Smiling, he nodded his thanks once again and turned to look down at Sherlock before gently starting to brush out the knots and dried blood from the dark curls.
"You dont have to John." Sherlock’s voice was nothing more than a whisper, John was even sure he heard it shake slightly.
"So what do we do? Just keep him awake, let him suffer through this?" Mycroft asked this, but Sherlock was starting to find it hard to stay focused on the conversation. His body was demanding his attention, begging him to help, to stop the pain. But he couldn't even move onto his side, to curl up to help with any of the pain, because any sort of movement just caused more.
"Maybe not to everyone, but I've done nothing but people watch since being here."
John pulled back then, breaking his arms free to delve his hands into soft curls and pulling Sherlock down till their lips met.
"We do, but I'm pretty sure I can be forgiven, you had after all, just killed half my men."
"Sure...I'm going to give you something now so you will sleep and then when you wake you will be getting that bullet out."
Mycroft sighs as he shakes his said. "That was rather sad little brother, seriously get some sleep, hopefully it will improve your wit."
He felt Sherlock smiling against his neck.
Grabbing his clothes he went to the bathroom, quickly brushing his teeth and having a quick wash before pulling on his clothes as he made his way to his door and headed towards the flat. Once there he knocked and waited.
“Kiss me!”
“I’m John Watson, formally of the fifth Northumberland fusiliers, doctor, surgeon. MI5 sleeper agent. Trained since childhood, I have no family, Harry is a former agent, I treat her as a sister after her wife was tortured and killed before her eyes. I haven’t been active for nearly six years, my last assignment involved Moran, the mistake I made was leaving him alive.”
"Don't what?"
"Take me to him." He hissed, his hand covered in blood, his face splattered with it and his clothes ripped and torn from where he had been held down only moments before.
“Your heart rate is elevated,” Sherlock whispered.
"Where are we?" Sherlock suddenly asked.
An hour later the rig is secure, the flooding stopped.
Sherlock had somehow fallen asleep once again, this time in a room that held the memory of his parent’s front room. He had always fallen asleep on the sofa they had when he was a teen, it was soft and perfect, melding itself to his lanky form and allowing him the peace he so longed for when his mind became too much.
“There is nothing to sort Mycroft, I will not leave him.” John says quietly.
"Where are going?"
"Dont play for too long boys!" MaCormick's voice rang out. "Oh and John...listen!"
"Sherlock is my brother."
His step up in the world came from following one of Moriarty’s higher ups, a man that dealt in weapons and was due to book into the hotel within the next hour. Sherlock had been watching him for some time now and the only thing the man did regularly was to check in to this very hotel and met up with his favourite male prostitute. Unfortunately for the prostitute though he had come down with a rather bad bout of food poisoning and Sherlock was to step in on his behalf.
"Thank you." A voice whispered causing him to look up. The nurse stood on the other side of the bed, blood ran down her cheek and neck, staining her uniform.
Being cold however had the opposite effect, it made him feel lost, alone and once cold he found it hard to get warm.
“Yeah, I really want to know.”
With that she left leaving John with Sherlock once again.
The two stared at each other, John with his fist clenched breathing hard, his eyes cold and distant, Sherlock with wide eyes, confusion clear on his face.
"I'm a sleep agent Sherlock, I couldn't even tell god himself if he came down and asked me."
John breaks into a run, passing her and heading straight for the moon-pool.
Molly glared at Mike. "Tell me that in six months when I'm told I can’t have kids!"
He heard a choked off sob and the door vibrated as someone lent against it.
"Don't ever answer when I call Sherlock, just let me do this, let me....this I'm use to.
"No, it wasn't your fault. Things like what you said need to be said, because of course you would do it...no matter what." He took in a breath steadying himself even as his fingers lifted to Sherlock’s wrist,  a move he no longer thought about as he saught out that ever impotant pulse point.
"I'm okay John."
"Or we could just send them away." Sherlock said not moving away at all as he spoke.
Maddie looked up at him with green fearful eyes but she nodded.
"I will suggest one thing, tell John. His anger is because he feels like you are still shutting him out. He knows things happened and he needs you to tell him."
Cathy turned to watch as Sherlock walked in, he looked lost, and not at all stable or happy with what he was seeing.
"We will go through all this when you visit Mr Holmes."
"Leave." He repeated, part of him marveling in the fact that he could even talk, after all he was dead inside.
"I would have lost him if we didn't get him out when we did, another ten minutes and they wouldn't be in there, he would have probably died on the way here. It was only because I told them everything on the way in that an OR had been prepped and ready to go before we even got within a mile of the hospital." John paused taking a breath. "Something ripped through his abdomen, I'm not sure what, it was dark. But it...it damaged a lot, his intestines definitely had damage, his liver I'm not sure about, I'm not sure of anything. It was dark, he was bleeding internally, because he started to cough up blood, that is what they will be looking for, the thing that will kill him if they don't find it."
He stared at the wall not understanding where it had come from or why it was there. It was an inconvenience and stopping him from leaving his mind palace because on the other side was the door that allowed him to wake. But no matter what he tried it remained.
"Sherlock...I'm real, I'm here, right here and very very real."
"Come in." She called standing as the door opened admitting John then Sherlock. The first thing she noted was that they held each others hand, she looked at the hands then to John how smiled at her.
Sherlock smiled opening his eyes. "I forgive you anyway."
"I jumped." Sherlock looked at her when he answered, she however was watching John.
"John...I wanted...it was meant to be you. I wanted it to be you, the first time, and every time after, just you."
John stood up straighter then very suddenly pulled off his jumper, then his t-shirt.
“Sniff something did you, little mouse.” He glares as his finger hovers over the trigger.
.~.~.~.~.
John raised an eyebrow and pushed away from the wall. "I have teeth."
"1840... 50... 60... 70..."
“Ah,” Sherlock replied, confused about the disappointment he felt.
John watched him as he himself sat on the bed. John allowed himself to drink in the sight of Sherlock up, sitting, looking tired yet so relaxed and happy to be out of the bed. He has been able to wash Sherlock’s hair the day before, something Sherlock had said he hated but John had seen the content look on his face as John rubbed shampoo into his hair then rinsed it clean before applying the conditioner Sherlock insisted upon. So today his hair shone, it was a bit wild, but still looked good, and the man’s eyes were alight with something as he worked on whatever was on the screen before him.
"Obviously not." The man came and sat next to him and just looked at the wall with him. "Not a scratch."
“Right.” Sherlock nodded and watched himself once again as he stared at John as people flooded off at the next station. His view of John was obscured for a moment and then he saw him. A man with a dark grey hoody and a backpack. Sherlock had followed him as he had walked pass him and headed down to the end of the cab. Something about him was off, he was on edge, nervous, yet resigned as though nothing he could do would change anything. As the man stopped at the end of the cab he continued to watch until he felt eyes on him and that was when he had turned back to John.
"See? She's diggin' it." Monk takes Beany out and holds her by the tail for a few seconds to drain his lungs. Then hands him back to Molly. The rat is annoyed, but otherwise alright.
"True. But Mrs Hudson has always been free with her hugs and such, he is use to her offering small touchs of praise or comfort. I think it would be good for the two of them, and it will help John."
"Yeah, but you love it."
Sherlock hated this, but then at least this was only six hours, it could take close to three weeks when they went back up to the surface and that would be hell. Leaning back on the bunk he tried not to watch the others around him as they popped their ears and talked amongst themselves. He couldn't however not pay attention to all the equipment they had brought with them. Letting his eyes run over everything he spotted all their diving gear easily as well as a porotype dive suit he had recently read about.
"Sherlock I want you to tell John why you left."
"What are you talking about?"
“John please, you have to understand.”
As the crew sang John watched as the radar picked up on the incoming sub and turned to Mike tipping his head to the monitor.
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to come hard down John’s throat.
“Okay.”
But there was a problem, it was lie. What John Watson was, how he showed himself was all a lie and now that they were back home, it all came crashing down in spectacular fashion.
John frowned then turned to Sherlock his eyes blank.
Sherlock woke up, this was a good thing, a very, very good thing.
"I...I'm locked out." He groans as tears finally spill over. "Please, there has to be.... something!"
“They're curious, maybe. We could be the first people they've seen up close.” Sherlock answers as keeps his eyes on Coffey who looks straight ahead, not knowing that he is being watched as he continues to move his arm.
John had refused to allow Sherlock access to a computer, even a smart phone was off limits, while he was bed bound.
John didn’t stay out for long. By the time they had stabilised him and gotten him onto an ambulance he started to come back round.
“No, don’t move, just...lie still.” The voice was closer, calm and concerned.
Mike suddenly appears, Anderson with him.
John’s hand open, allowing Mycroft to take the vile.
"I love you." John whispered, his eyes softening.
"I know. Soon, I promise it will all be over soon."
"John is better."
Sherlock’s smooth alabaster skin was now a map of freshly made scars, some so deep John had to do a double layer of stitches.
Moran nodded then smiled. "I would feel damn good about it."
"Our landlady, Mrs Hudson."
"Sherlock." The sound of his name of John's lips made him catch his breath, it was beautiful hearing his name said in that soft yet strong voice. "Sherlock I told him to tell me everything, I needed to know so that we could come up with a plan that would suit you. We can't keep you on pain meds because they will end up destroying your organs." John suddenly looked up at the doctor. "Why didn’t he have these reaction before?"
The cigarette halfway to his lips, Sherlock paused to focus his gaze on a couple across the street. Although they spoke in hushed voices, it was obvious to him that they were engaged in a heated argument.
A smile couldn’t help but form as Cathy watched Sherlock and John laughing with uncontrolled glee and happiness. They had been talking about life before the fall, before John’s dive into alcoholism, before the suicide attempt.
"Yeah, the guy in the bed across from us, the woman who is always around is his wife right?"
*~*~*~*
"John...god...John please, I'm sorry, so sorry."
"You're okay. I have you." John whispered but Sherlock heard the tears, the pain.
"We talk when you are not here."
The man waved a hand and two of the men started forward, their guns still aimed at John.
"Because from what I have seen today, you both need help." Her voice was gentle, but he wanted to scoff at her. He was fine, he was...good.
"I've finally lost it." John whispered, his eyes still closed.
John woke to the sound of talking and of the kettle boiling. For a while he just led there, the feeling of belonging hitting so hard and fast it took his breath away. It felt like the times he had fallen asleep after a long case and woke to Sherlock either talking to Mr Hudson or Mycroft, or to him just making a tea because he some how knew that John was waking up.
Turning to the sound of the gun he shot blindly for a second before spotting his would be killer and placed a well aimed bullet right in his neck.
This was a mistake.
"STOP!" The gun turned on him and John was up and on his feet in seconds, his hands free of there restraints and with the skill of a soilder had the gun in his own hands and the man out cold on the floor.
“I wasn’t expecting that.”
Keeping up their rhythm John pulled Sherlock down kissing him to which Sherlock kissed back, his hands moving to either side of John’s head so as to keep up his movements.
"Better than Mrs Hudson."
"John?" Maddie caught him as his legs gave out and the colour drained from his face. "John!"
"Like I've been in an explosion." Sherlock said letting his head fall back onto the arm of the sofa, the sofa that belonged in his flat yet was in his parents living room.
"Okay...Sherlock you know the question I need an answer to. Will you give one?"
"Cab One, do you see it yet?" Rolling his eyes Sherlock contemplates not answering but does anyway.
Out in Flatbed Sally is moving as best she can through the falling cable trying to find a way out, moving the sub with ease and until part of the twisting umbilical slams into her tipping her and sending her further away from the rig. She quickly right’s herself and keeps going, there is nothing more she could do to help.
“Was he the guy with the bomb?” Mind John asked.
"Sherlock....Sherlock! This is a diver emergency, over!"
"I can't do this."
Two years he had lived with this man, a man that wore god awful jumpers, made perfect tea, was a crack shot and was the most interesting person Sherlock knew.
John stayed still, he continued to look out at the ocean even as a very familiar presence was felt behind him.
"Still here Sherlock." John answered towards the door.
"I want to go for a walk outside, I need you to come with me."
Breaking apart, John lent his forehead to Sherlock’s.
As he waited he watched the people come and go. A conference of some sort was going on in the main room, so a lot of people milled about waiting for the next talk, or demonstration. As he studied one man he realised the conference was a doctors one, and not just for normal doctors. All around him were forces doctors and nurses, this was a medical conference for the armed forces.
Closing his eyes he curled up more into himself as he tried to evaluate. This was the first time since Sherlock’s return that he found himself drug free and truly feeling everything in what he called real time. The drugs normally kept his emotions on the back burner and he was able to pick and choose what he wanted to look at. Now however everything just wanted his attention. His anger held center stage, followed by saddness, hurt, fear, loneliness and then joy, pure unadulterated joy. He was so happy that Sherlock was alive, so reviled to have his friend back, to have the man he had denied loving for so long back within reach, it was brilliant, but it was also terrifying.
'But you're a doctor, of course you do...don't sugarcoat this, John...' You were so angry, love. You wanted something to be angry at, and of course it was me. I didn't get upset about it because you had every right to be angry, I was angry. This shouldn't have happened to us.
"Mycroft has taken the liberty of paying my rent. He doesn't want to see me and Kylie on the streets."
“Yes, he did actually.”
“D-Delete…Delete… Sh-Sherlock”
And immediately they halted. Moriarty's wicked grin only widened at The Doctor's exclamation. The Doctor took his sonic screw driver out of his pocket and waved it around in the air. The only noise in the hall was coming from the tool. The Doctor's face turned grim as he stared at the screwdriver.
"Army doctor. I served with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, well, that is until I got wounded."
"I have reason to believe that John was lying about work. But why would he do that? Does he not want to celebrate my birthday?"
Molly, dear Molly, she took ill. She just got sick one day, out of the blue. Never really found out what she had, never cared to hear. A sickness is still a sickness no matter what name it has. She died peacefully, or so I’m told.
“Well I’m glad that my John isn’t the only one who romanticizes our exploits. Now stop interrupting.”
John popped the disc into the player and then took his seat on the couch with Sherlock. They were practically sitting on the same cushion. John stretched and yawned, and placed his arm behind Sherlock, much to the brunet’s amusement. Sherlock took off his shoes and turned to have his back resting on the arm and his feet tucked under John’s legs. They watched the movie with the smallest of smiles on their faces at the missed intimacy. How long had John been waiting to feel Sherlock’s ice cold feet under his warm thighs, and hear the soft noises that the detective would make whenever a scene in a movie caught his eye or amused him. John missed him so much his chest ached.
Sherlock died from Pancreatic Cancer, he was buried the week after his death. John mourned, and never stopped mourning. He told himself to get a grip. Sherlock would be beyond pissed off if he found out that John saw his ghost. John chuckled at the idea of Sherlock ranting about how, if ghosts did exist, he would not be one of them because it would be meaningless to wander the earth looking for that one thing to allow him to cross over.
“Like this. Stark naked in my room, here, in 221B. I’ve always wanted you like this.”
“Yes, I know what you mean.”
She seemed nervous when she said that. I hoped that I wasn’t making her feel that way.
John smiled and gave him a light kiss.
“My fiancé, or betrothed, or whatever you call them, it’s a man.”
Just like that, all three of them got up from the bed and headed out. Sherlock was still spouting ideas of alternate universes.
"But Holmes, why are you so happy about this? Doesn't this go against every logical thing in which you stand for?"
"Because..." if he were sober, he would have never said it out loud. That's the thing with being drunk, you can say what you couldn't say while sober. If he was lucky, he probably won't remember anything in the morning.
Sherlock nodded.
The Doctor's eyes darted around.
"What happened?"
You gave me another kiss, just a short peck, nothing serious. And then you began to work your way to my neck. You fluttered it with kisses and then moved down to my chest. It felt so good, Sherlock. You showed some attention to my scar and then my navel. Then you started to undo my pants.
“To return to my original inquiry, are you happy?”
They finally made their way back to Baker Street without blinking until they were down the street from the building. The first thing everybody did was immediately hound The Doctor for his bizarre instructions.
The Doctor placed a hand on his mouth as he realized his mistake.
John raised an eyebrow. “Yes, why?”
“Watson,” The low tone of Holmes’s voice called.
John gave a short laugh
"Now...now comes the hard part."
"I do have some morphine stored away, I try to keep them away from Holmes."
"You can't fucking do this, Mycroft! You can't take Kylie from me! Please...she's all I have left...don't you do this!"
“But Doctor, you can easily go and have a quick glimpse at alien life a billion years from now, you can go and incite a war that never happened if you wished it, or you can go and have a nice shag with Robin Hood if you really wanted to,” Sherlock pointed out to The Doctor, “You don’t necessarily need us to do all of this.”
The Doctor nodded.
The Doctor shook his head.
"You're lying. You don't know when my birthday is. I've never given you that information."
Mycroft's eyes flickered over to Kylie's blue ones.
Holmes seemed more than satisfied with the answer than he originally expected to. He sat back with a pleased look on his face, as if he has eaten a meal that he greatly enjoyed and observed Sherlock a bit longer.
“I am happy to know that I am not the only one who has witnessed the statue’s apparent movement.” Watson sighed.
‘Thank you for marrying me, even though I told you time and time again that I would ruin you. And thank you for being you. For being John Watson, my John Watson.’
Sherlock was still swaying a bit. He might have a bit of a concussion, not anything serious, but he still needed care. Before John could speak, he heard another man running down the street.
Sherlock notices a few things about John.
That wasn't even the worst part of the chemotherapy, remember? Remember how weak you got? How skinny you became, skinnier than what was normal for you, and you were so...so pale...Jesus you were so pale...your eyes, they looked sunken in and every time I looked at them...gone were the days your eyes shone with the spark of excitement. They were sullen and dull and I knew, I knew that I was losing my Sherlock. The cancer...I wanted it gone, I wished that I could just...just pull it out of your body. You were so unhappy...
"We've been doing...alright."
“I’m sorry I didn’t get to join you.”
“What’s he going to do to her?”
"I'll get rid of them once they're empty."
"What are you talking about?!" Holmes snarled.
The minister was flabbergasted at the blatant interruption made by Sherlock, one of the grooms himself!
“No, as I was saying, John titled the case A Study in Pink---“
John shrugged.
“Lie down then. It’s getting late anyway.”
"Please," John replied quickly, "I don't think we'll need two Watsons walking around. Well, at least by name anyway."
‘So you’re the great Sherlock Holmes.’ She directed at you. She was star-struck, as so many people, me included, were. Her voice was breathless; she couldn’t believe she was talking to you. That’s how I felt when we first started dating. I couldn’t believe that you would want to date somebody like me, and I’m sure the feeling was mutual between us.
“It meant so much to you, John. You loved that chair; I couldn’t just throw it out.”
I shook my head and looked down at my still wrapped present given to me by detective Johnson.
Sherlock's gaping mouth soon curled into a smile and he rushed past John and out into the living room. John followed suit and found his husband-to-be throwing on his coat haphazardly, and carelessly draping his scarf around his throat. He was shimmering in excitement and has yet to tell John anything.
John nodded, grateful that he spoke quietly.
And then I heard you say, 'Make love to me.' And, to be honest, it took me by surprise. I asked you to repeat that and then you did.
You told me to stay, your hand was latched onto my sleeve and you were wrinkling it. How you pleaded Sherlock, quietly, your eyes were watered and your lips were pursed. You wanted me to lay down with you and you wanted me to love you and I wanted to love you. I let out a sigh, you would have hated yourself, Sherlock. You would have spat at yourself and told yourself that you were displaying a gross amount of sentiment. You were so painfully human Sherlock, and I think you hated that about yourself because you've been hurt so many times. You didn't want to hurt anymore.
“I like that word.” Sherlock said, his eyes closed and his hand rubbing John’s stomach.
“This is….I don’t know, would you even describe something like this as brilliant?”
His eyes opened slowly and revealed a sleeping John Watson lying next to him. His mouth opened slightly and short bursts of his breath on his face. Sherlock smiled and thought about last night. How John laid awake with him for hours before his crying finally stopped and he fell asleep. He kicked himself, he was displaying a gross expression of emotion yesterday. He threw logic out the window and filled his head with sentiment and he’s ashamed to think of how John saw him crying over the sink full of dishes because he wasn’t talking to him. Sherlock told himself in that moment that he shouldn’t cry because this wasn’t new to him. He knew the day would come when John would finally decide that he wasn’t worth his time, that he could find somebody better than him. He braced himself for the news, and it hurt him to think that he wasn’t enough for John when John was the whole world to him. He nearly made it without crying, but then he looked at John, who was so close to him, drying the dishes and he couldn’t help himself. When John kissed him, and told him that he loved him, he still cried, but it was because the man of his dreams told
Kneeling back onto the bed John knew he had no choice but to watch, to listen because waking him would be the worse thing to do, waking hin right now would force him into a waking nightmare and John couldn't do that to him.
“Screw Coffey, he sees enemies in the shadows and everything else he doesn’t understand.”
I hope this makes sense.
Hours later John was laughing as Mike pulled worms from his hair after Greg and Sally threw some at him, an act of revenge apparently, after Mike had placed a hand full of maggots in Greg lunch box the week before.
Sherlock watched through pain fogged eyes, then as their eyes met once again the multi-hued eyes widened.
The door suddenly opened causing Sherlock to tighten his grip on John. They would take him, they would John back to his room.
.~.~.~.~.
"Shit!" He swore as he saw it was nearly nine am. He was ment to meet Sherlock at eight.
The ICU was an open ward, the beds some distance apart, the lights low and the noise level even lower. It was a stark contrast to the chaos that had been the ER. Here nurses sat at the end of each bed taking notes and constantly watching vitals, here the patients were so close to death they had to be watched around the clock because even the smallest of changes could be the difference between living and dying.
She smiled again lowering her hand. "It's okay John, you know we will respect boundaries, I was just interested in how much they had changed."
"Yes. Just me and your clothes." The sound of movement caused John to get up and stand facing the door. He stared at it for what felt like hours when it finally opened.
"Yeah."
“We’re heading right for the drop off!” He shouts feeling it as John comes up next to him.
"Okay, okay." Dimmock nodded and just settled back against the wall.
“John.” His voice shook and some part of him thought that he should feel shame at himself for sounding so lost, so desperate, but he really didn’t care.
“Cocaine.” Sherlock answered for them, his eyes widening at the same time that his legs gave out and he fell to the floor.
"He's in recovery." She assured placing a gentle hand on his arm as John visibly slumped but kept stranding. "Come on, doctor Ansari wants to tell you what went on."
“We will let him enjoy this first hit without interference.” James stood and brushed himself down as he walked towards the double swing door, clicking his fingers as he left, causing the others in the room to leave with him, leaving Sherlock and John alone.
“No, because I understood. I kept up the whole façade because I knew it was important to do so. Even when you kept turning up and putting me off I kept on pretending, kept on grieving because it was what you needed from me.”
“Hell no.” John said with a smile.
"Yes. She understands that John never ment for her to find him. We had talked when I had returned and she forgives him for what happened."
Sherlock took in a deep breath, slowly letting it out before he continued.
"John...I can’t...they...I'm mean, they are all dead, all of them."
"I'll leave you to it. Just remember what I said Sherlock"
“Mary start with the low dosage and slowly build it up until he’s under.”
Closing his eyes Sherlock took in deep rattling breaths as he tried to control his raging emotions.
He tightened his grip on the knife, his heart rate increasing as he took in hia captors, his torturers, rapist.
“Some of your missions are impossible to be rid of.”
"Never going to happen."
"Not even this?" John asked indicating his scar.
Reading through her notes once again she took another sip if her coffee before looking up at the clock. It had just gone eleven, they were late and John was never late. She thought about going to check on them, just to be sure they hadn't killed each other, or rather that John hadn't killed Sherlock.
“He’s one of…Jim’s higher ups.” Sherlock said quietly, his eyes not leaving John’s.
"Derek is ill, besides if anything goes wrong I'm the best person to have down there." Hitting a few more buttons he placed his hand over the release lever.
"He never called!" Sherlock tried to defend.
"No, it's what I wanted."
“Okay, just...think on it, okay?”
“Need to know.”
"It’s like a computer, or as I've said that is what he likens it to. He is able to store information in a way that allows him to access it whenever he needs it. But like a computer some data needs to be deleted, so things he does not find interesting or useful are just forgotten."
"Out." The therapist said to the orderlies. "I'll call you if we need help." The two men nodded and left without a word.
“Feeling what? What did you give him?”
"Okay, we will have to wait a few hours. Do you want to be here when we do?"
"Something is happening."
“John…this is going to get totally out of hand and soon.”
As he looked he heard the distant blades of the helicopter then minutes later it flew low over head, racing out over the water before turning and heading back towards the cliffs before hovering over the water as it started it's search.
"How are still standing?" Sherlock asked as John straightened himself fully with a sigh and a frown.
"I'll be fine." John said with a nod, his answer more for himself than Sherlock.
When they entered the flat Sherlock could hear the sound of the shower, the waybthe water falling telling him that at least John was stood up and not curled up on the floor of the shower.
"I..." he closed his eyes for a moment. "Mycroft was here."
John had known, he didn't know how he knew, but he knew Sherlock had been raped.
"Not fully. Tred carefully John."
“It was alright for a while, you know.” John lent back, looking at Sally as she turned to look at him. “But then he got promoted to project engineer on this thing.” John waved his hand about indicating the rig.
John held his eyes for a moment before finishing the tea and bringing them round to place on the coffee table and sitting on the sofa facing Sherlock.
The idiot that had spoken suddenly appeared and John wasted no time in closing the distance between them and breaking first the man's wrist, causing him to drop the gun, then breaking his arm then his nose. As the man fell screaming in pain, John crouched down to pick up the gun, a move that saved his life as a bullet went flying over his head.
(2:35am)
Gradually they had weaned him off of the machines keeping him alive until now he is breathing in his own, his heart beating pushing his blood around just as it should be, just IVs to supply fluids, nutrition and antibiotics remain. The only thing left is for him to wake up, until that happens there is no knowing whether his brain was injured by lack of oxygen.
"No, you can't be. This is just my mind playing tricks, always playing tricks. I'm still strung up, they have me chained, waiting for the next beating for the next...I welcome the beating."
"Besides John is okay with everything and..oh...this isn't about you." Cathy blinked slowly, continuing to wait. "You're angry on John behalf. You don't want me to apologise for leaving, you want me to apologise for the trouble I caused, for the regression he is showing, though it is only small, he will start wanting to see people again given ti-"
"Wait...you are giving me medical control?" John's asked, surprise and nervousness clear in his voice
John wished he had been able to sleep like Sherlock, but he knew Sherlock hated sleeping so much, it cut into his thinking time. But John needed him stronger, needed him to heal as much as possible and if that meant upping his pain med without him knowing then so be it.
"I see."
"Where-"
John stood in the kitchen as Sherlock talked to Mrs Hudson. She had arrived less than a minute before and John had been able to get himself into the kitchen with out her getting too close.
As he led there he felt his body try to force him back to sleep, but he wanted to talk to John, to have John look at him, to have John touch him, because then and only then would he truly trust that he was free.
“Do you need a hand getting back into bed?” A voice asked, one he didn’t know and fear suddenly gripped him. Feeling his heart rate increase he gripped the cover as he tried to steady his breathing but he was losing, quickly.
“You really want to know?” John asked with a voice suddenly calm, almost like silk.
“John?” Jumping John looked up to find Mycroft stood at the end of the bed a small crooked smile on his face.
"John...no." The panic in Sherlock’s eyes bled into his voice and the smile on John's lips was replaced by concern.
“Damn it.” John mutters then nods and turns back to Sherlock. “Come on, let’s get this over with.”
"I've always trusted you. But then-"
"Damn it Sherlock." He finally said, turning back to him. "I held a gun between my lips just weeks after you jumped, Mycroft took it away. I tried to drink myself into oblivion, Mycroft had me attend rehab, I stated drinking again the moment I got out, the silence too much. But I tried, I dated, but you know that bit...did you know about rehab?"
.~.~.~.~.
.~.~.~.~.
"Does he know about me?" John asked causing Sherlock to frown. "Does he know we are here? That I am, for all intents and purposes, sectioned under the mental health act?"
“Sure,” he muttered lowering his head and watched as Mary shone a light into both Sherlock's eyes.
He didn’t remember that. "I... last time I woke we talked about your time in Afghanistan."
I'll let you decide that one.
“Don’t worry your tiny little brain Doctor Watson, I’m sure you will enjoy the show, after all you will have the best seats in the house.” James came right up to him then and patted his cheek lightly. “You have it easy, Sherlock on the other hand, I am very much looking forward to making him scream.”
Moaning as the kiss deepened John found Sherlock taking advantage of his open mouth, the man’s tongue delving in and taking what he wanted. John let him, he let him have control because he couldn't, he needed to be taken to be had, needed it more than he needed to breath.
The big frame that covered the rig, that held the umbilical in place, was as big as a railroad bridge and as Sally moved along the frame and settled to extend the arm something above caused everything to shift.
“Good. Now when did you see him?”
As they entered Flatbed was appearing at the surface, bubbles foaming as it came up reviling the mariens as it did so.
(2:43am)
In the last twenty-four hours he had been given more blood as well as fluids. He had also eaten and though he was still in a hell of a lot of pain he needed to see Sherlock.
His thoughts as he had slit his wrist had been people were bound to think his suicide was because of Sherlock, because how could John function without his great friend Sherlock Holmes.
“From what our men have told me it can take a while to work.” Mycroft said as John took off his gloves and disposed of the needle.
John walked to the middle of the room, cardboard that covered the floor swallowing up his footfalls, other than said cardboard the room was empty.
Hello! So sorry for the wait but my god it has been hard to write lately, serious writers block on pretty much everything and it has been doing my nut in! So, please bare with me if I don't have anything for a while, I basically write when I feel I can. This however will be finished, I just can not give a time line.
"Do you want her to?"
“Will you tell me?” John’s lips pressed harder against his temple before he pulled back to look Sherlock in the eyes.
Slowly Sherlock smiled.
"I...yeah. But it will be okay, I  promise it will be just fine."
"It was never your touch, even back then, it was always John, now I have it for real and nothing will take that away."
“Fine, I’ll do it.”
Sitting back in his chair he sipped at the god awful tea Anderson had made and just kept an eye, as his team did their thing and moved the rig.
More shouting joined the first and then feet could be heard running, the sound of it causing John to finally turn. Looking around he frowned as he watched paramedics running with their kit, as police officers sprinted along the cliff, running towards a lone figure walking slowly towards them.
“Schoenick.” Coffey indicated with his head towards Sherlock who was grabbed and then pushed up against a wall face first, his arms pinned against his back. “Have Mr Watson here taken back to quarters and have Monk prepare a sedative.”
They had walked back in silence, the time close to midnight once they returned and so they walked to the patio attached to the apartment.
"He is still here." She said as Sherlock stood yet made no move to go into the room.
"Well I guess that makes sense. So why is he doing it?"
“Great, so please stay away the guy currently suffering from pressure induced psychosis! I would see it as a great personal favour to me, mostly because I don’t want to see you with your brains blow away.”
John wants to, god does he want to, but he won’t, not when Sherlock was like this, off his head and not knowing what it was he was asking.
From behind him something rises up from the abyss, something full of light, something that moves up close behind him moving back and forth as though extremely curious as to what he was, or to what he was doing. Sherlock stood oblivious to the small creature, or vehicle as it watches him until he becomes aware of the change of light around him.
"Oh." John didnt know how to feel about that. The part that hated touch was disgusted by it, hated it, wanted to run and shower as soon as possible. This was not a new occurrence, every time someone touched him he felt like this and nothing other than several showers made him feel better.
"That was amazing."
“Did you find Wilhite?” John asks sincerely, he wouldn’t want to lose any crew member, they all deserve to get home, even if it meant returning in a coffin.
“You don’t have to; you don’t have to fight it.” He brings Sherlock’s fingers to his lips, gently kissing them. “You can sleep; you can pass out.”
"Drink your tea Sherlock." John said, his voice steady, commanding.
"And I wont let go! Sherlock...please! Please you can't, not again!"
"It's fine." Mycroft said, causing Sherlock to turn to him. "I'm surprised he hasn't told me to bugger off already, especially since I interrupted a rather private moment."
Running his thumbs over John’s hands he smiled slightly as John lent forward and place a small kiss to his lips.
“John… please, please, turn your back.” Sherlock asked again as he started to lay down fully onto the ground, his arms wrapping around himself as the high started to hit. “Please John, please…”
