Dean sighs. “Well, to be honest, I still am, but I don’t think that’s really a great idea right now.”
Cas nods, closing his eyes and letting himself float in Dean’s embrace. He can hear Ben’s television from the other room, the rhythmic ticking of the clock on the mantle, and Juliet’s nails on the kitchen floor as she walks out to get a drink. It’s pleasant, almost meditative.
“He wants to go to her grave. Missouri helped him make some kind of bouquet and he says he wants to talk to her. He was so little when she died; this is the first year that he’s really been old enough to get it, you know?” Dean sounds tired and emotionally wiped out, but with that edge of hysteria that Castiel has come to recognize means that Dean is a hairsbreadth away from losing it, even though he’ll never admit it.
“I’m afraid not. Although I keep it in the garage now, it spent several harsh winters outside in Chicago. It was in much better shape when I bought it in 1998.”
Castiel nods and shifts uncomfortably, causing Dean to pull his hand away as if he hadn’t realized he was still gripping Castiel’s leg. “I’m fine, Dean. Just distracted a little, I guess,” he reassures him. Dean obviously doesn’t mean anything by the touch. Friends touch each other, Castiel tells himself.
. He smiles at the thought, memories of the night before flooding his mind now that he’s fully awake. He rolls over, reaching out for the warm weight of another body but the bed is empty. Before he can wonder where Cas slipped off to, he hears a small noise, like a sigh, along with a faint scratching sound from the other side of the room.
“It’s fine. I mean, it’s gonna take a while since I’ll only be able to work on it in my spare time, but as long as you don’t mind buyin’ the parts and bein’ without a car, it’s gonna be fun.”
Her eyes widen and she steps back. Mortified, Dean sends her an apologetic half-smile. “Sorry, he gets a little dramatic sometimes.”
There’s a break again when the waitress comes to take their drink orders and give them menus. Opening the slender pamphlet, Castiel scans the dishes and settles on the Panang Curry before setting it aside.  “So you knew in high school that you were gay?”
Dean closes his eyes, but there’s just yawning darkness. He remembers arriving back at the pool in the afternoon, but everything after is a blank. “Don’t remember.”
“I know,” he sighs. He’d been looking forward to learning to work on the car himself. Moreover, he’d been looking forward to Dean teaching him.
It doesn’t take long to divvy up the teams with the addition of Cas and his family. As predicted, Sam and Jess pick each other, but Kali and Gabriel decide to play for opposing teams. It’s not surprising when Sam and Jess pick Ellen, but John and Ash have never gotten along incredibly well, so it’s unexpected when he ends up on the team with Ash and Gabriel. Jo and Kali form a girl power team and then pick Bobby. From the way Bobby shuffles over to them with a slight blush, Dean can tell that he’s a little bit smitten with Kali. Dean isn’t upset when he’s left with Cas and Ben as his teammates.
“I never said you couldn’t. Forgive me, though, if I think it’s a little odd that you’re having a glass of wine after fifteen years of complete sobriety. If I’m going to be called to the ER sometime soon, I should update my contact information in your medical records.”
“If it’s not a joke, then you did it on purpose. You need to make a fucking decision, you either want in or not. You don’t want to be tied down, but you can’t fucking stand that I might really like this guy so you screw it up for me.” Dean stalks closer, until they’re standing just inches apart. “You never did that with Lisa, never looked twice at her. Why? Is it that you can’t stand that Cas is a guy? It’s okay if I see other people as long as those other people don’t have a dick that might replace yours?”
Castiel watches them, feeling like an outsider. “Ash?” he asks to cover his discomfort. He’s never had this comfortable companionship they share. Friends, family or lovers, he’s never felt like he was really connected to any to them like Dean is with his friends. Although there is physical affection with Meg, Castiel can never get past the distance that holds him apart from her. This friendly intimacy is a mystery.
It doesn’t hurt that Cas is funny and adorable and hot as hell. When he gives Dean that squinty, cocked-head look, like he has no idea what Dean is talking about, it makes Dean want to just grab him and kiss him stupid. It feels like Dean has been waiting forever just to kiss the man and that has definitely never happened before. Dean has never been one for delayed gratification.
Not exactly the response he was expecting. Demure and agreeable aren’t exactly Ash’s norm. Dean wants to snap at him, to tell him to knock it off, but for the first time in their lives Ash is trying and something about it stops Dean from barking at him.
Dean, obviously misinterpreting Cas’ expression, adds sheepishly. “Sorry if that’s a little forward. I just figured it wouldn’t hurt to have more stuff here to keep him busy.”
Dean’s eyes travel down over him, lingering in the middle, then rising back up to meet his gaze. “You’re beautiful,” Dean says, his voice thick with emotion. He reaches for Cas’ hand and draws him over to the bed. “Here. Lay down on your stomach, however you’re comfortable.”
Dean studies his face, eyes narrowed, then nods. “There won’t be anything casual about this, Cas,” he says, voice rough.
Dean looks out the back door at the old hound dog laying in the dirt. “Sure, bud, if you can get him to play,” he says with a laugh. “Just stay in the back, away from the road. Don’t go too far into the junk yard. It’s easy to get lost back there.”
Dean regrets the words at once. So much for keeping his cool, but John has a way of pushing his buttons worse than any other person in the world. Dean cuts off two thick slices and slides them into the toaster before he risks a glance at his father.
It’s just harmless teasing, Dean knows it is. Taking anything Gabe says seriously is a recipe for disaster. He can’t help it, though, when his eyes flick to Cas’. He isn’t looking at Dean, though. His eyes are pinned on Kali, wide and startled.
Dean shakes his head. “I don’t need help with Ben,” he says softly, eyes softening. “I need to help you, that’s what I need. This past week has killed me, Cas. I’m tryin’ to respect your choices, but not bein’ able to be here for you is ripping my heart out.”
Dean sighs. He should have remembered the incense and asked Ava and Garth to tone it down before they arrived. He’s sure they wouldn’t have minded but now it’s too late. “We’ll just be here a couple minutes, kiddo, then we’re goin’ to the Roadhouse for the party, remember? Gotta pick up a present for Jo.”
“Glad you could make it, man,” he says, standing to pull Dean into a firm hug. Dean doesn’t hug back, but Ash doesn’t mention it. “You look good,” he adds, then turning to Ben, “You too, little man. Brought those decals for your robot that I promised you.”
He’s not really sure what Ben thinks of his answer, because he just turns his eyes back to his plate and continues eating. The rest of dinner is almost eerily quiet.
“Sorry about that, man,” Dean says, rubbing Ben’s head over and over. His eyes burn with sudden exhaustion as the anger drains out of him, leaving a headache.
Castiel has to bite his tongue to keep from arguing against Dean’s assessment that his brother is the smart one. Instead, he listens carefully as each member of the team talks about what their piece of the plan entails. Cole Trenton describes the social skills group that he runs, as well as the once-weekly sessions he will have with Ben. Dean stops him only once, to ask what pragmatic language means, and despite his argument against his intelligence, Dean understands immediately once Cole explains.
John’s upper lip curls. “I’m not stupid, boy. You think I haven’t noticed you running downtown every chance you get? Some scumbag dropout. Castiel. What the hell kind of name is that?”
“If you must know,” Castiel relates, “I’m going to a show at the Granada. Scott Weiland and the Wildabouts are playing.”
Dean is still considering that observation when Ash ticks off the next finger. “Second, he doesn’t have a girlfriend. Dudes like to talk about the chicks they’re bangin’ regularly and he hasn’t mentioned her. So even if he’s screwing her, they’re not serious.”
She just rolls her eyes, turning away just as Dean catches a grin tug at the corners of her mouth. “Ben's in the bathroom. We're having some issues with his costume. I was about to call Castiel when I saw you defending the galaxy over there.”
He mouths across the back of Dean’s neck, his body reverberating with the fine shudders that move through Dean. After a few moments, Dean starts to sing, his voice low and raspy.
Cas hold up one hand stop him. “Don’t. You’ve apologized and I’ve accepted. I bring it up only so that you understand where I’m coming from. This isn’t easy for me, Dean, letting someone in.”
“If you’re good and let them do what they need, we can stop for ice cream and you can eat it in the car before dinner.” As soon as the words are out, Dean wants to take them back. Cas will be disappointed Dean fell back into bargaining with Ben. They’ve worked on this—not offering rewards after Ben is difficult—but Dean feels as if he’s backed into a corner and just he wants to go home.
Dean doesn’t have to wait very long before Ash pulls open the passenger door, sending snow swirling through the car. He doesn’t look angry, just confused, and that makes Dean’s chest hurt even more. He pulls the door shut behind him, the heavy thud shaking the coating of snow from the window.
He pounds for a few more minutes, cursing that he and Cas never exchanged keys. When it’s clear that Cas isn’t going to answer, he slumps against the door in frustration. “Dammit, Cas. This isn’t done. We’re gonna talk about this tomorrow,” he says, laying his palm against the door one more time.
Dean slides one hand between them and fumbles with the button on Castiel jeans. “Still too many clothes. Need to feel you. Come on, Cas. Need to get my hands on you.”
Dean remembers the Christmases they had while they were living together. It seemed silly to drag a full-size tree up four flights of stairs to their apartment, so every year they talked the tree farmer into giving them a branch that had been trimmed from one of the trees. They stuck the branch in a little stand Ash made from scraps he scavenged in Bobby’s junkyard. Dean is pretty sure the metal was once part of the frame from a ’72 Cadillac. They wrapped a single strand of lights around it and rather than real ornaments, they took turns hanging random crap from the needles. Dean’s favorite decoration was a star Ash made by gluing an assortment of condom wrappers together.
Dean lets out a breathy moan, shoving his hips down and holding, forcing Cas’ fingers in as far as he can. “Come on, Cas. Fuck me, please. I need it, need you.”
Without looking, he continues to play, the notes coming more and more smoothly. Dean isn’t sure how he knows where to find them on the keyboard, but the music rising around him mimics the tune in his head. For the first time since the accident, a sense of calm swells inside him despite the way his heart is thudding.
Castiel squints his eyes, cocking his head to the side slightly as he considers her words. He snaps the rubber band again before responding, “I don’t understand that reference, Meg.”
“Enough,” Castiel cuts in sharply, staring her down. “Yes, Christmas was a debacle and I’m sure there are many things that Dean could have done differently, but he is not completely at fault. I could have been clearer about what I was looking for and Ash could have been less difficult. It was unfortunate and uncomfortable, but not entirely on Dean’s shoulders.” Castiel stands to pace across the room.
“Good, that’s good. Vi just about threatened to deck me if I didn’t text you,” he says, then blanches. “Not that I needed threatened, I mean, I wanted to, I was just worried you would think I was a stalker and—”
Dean manages to grab a chair between Jolene and the mother of boy a few years older than Ben. Dean thinks she said he was in regular education too, but he’s not sure. From where he’s sitting, he can turn and face Castiel so he can pretend he doesn’t see Candace watching him. He’s always been attracted to forceful women in the past, but something about Candace rubs him the wrong way.
Charlie's eyes do the thing that means she’s not convinced. “It's familiar, like I almost recognize it.”
Since it’s situated directly across from the Granada, Castiel has been in the quirky little music store more than once. He has always enjoyed the atmosphere, but he hasn’t been back since he figured out that it is the shop Dean talks about all the time; the place where he and Ash used to hang out, where he met Ben’s mother, and where one of his best friends works.
The Winchester stays silent and stares at his feet hanging of one side of the bed. The doctor waits a little and when it’s obvious that Dean won’t say anything he continues.
Cas nearly yells and with his hands cupping the Winchester’s face he lightly shakes him. Afraid that Dean will actually pass out on his watch.
Dean lets his head fall back against the sink and breathes out. “I’m sorry, Cas. For everything.”  he whispers but Cas just shakes his head and sits down in front of the Winchester.
The Impala comes to a stop and he’s on the floor puking his guts out only a few seconds later. His chest feels like someone wrapped a thick rope around and just pulled it tight, and there’s a lump in his throat not letting in any new air. He dry heaves again and tries to get that much need oxygen in his lungs but his body just doesn’t cooperate. He slumps against the Impala when everything slowly turns to black.
The road’s getting emptier by the afternoon and the woods followed by miles of wide fields under the blue sky which slowly changes into a light orange and purple during the sunset. Dean insisted on not listening to the radio for a while and Cas feels his heart beat faster in excitement when Dean stopped this act, turned the radio back on and started to hum along.
“Dean calm down. I don’t wanna panic you.” Not sure what he did wrong Cas tries to come through to Dean but the Winchester isn’t really aware of anything that’s going on around him. Not hearing anything besides all the screaming in his mind.
“Please visit as often as you can and want and don’t think I won’t be knocking on your door way too often.” Cas smiles a little and nods. “I’ll call you when I’m home.” Sam nods aswell and opens his closed hand to show the dog tags.
“Wanna go inside?” Cas slowly asks and Dean nods, turning around to grab his bag from the Impala but Cas holds him back. “We’ll grab it later.” Cas smiles and grabs Dean’s hand, waiting for him to turn back to facing the house before they step through the snow and stop right in front of the stairs leading up to the front door. The door is made out of wood and painted in a light grey. Cas searches his pockets for the key while Dean squeezes the other hand in excitement.
Cas stays not knowing what to do now. He just keeps staring at Dean’s pale, freckled face. His right hand lies on the white sheets next to Dean’s left. Cas wishes that Dean would at least blink but he isn’t moving at all. Until Cas suddenly feels Dean slowly gripping his hands and he slightly squeezes Dean’s hand, careful not to hurt the Winchester and looks at Dean’s pained face who looks back at him, eyes half closed in exhaustion.
“You wanna turn that on?” Dean shakes his head but cuddles up against Castiels side. “You wanna talk about it?” Dean shakes his head again and closes his eyes. Cas pulls him closer against his chest and the Winchester starts shivering right after.
Then he lets his head rest against the cold window of the car and keeps watching the still breathtaking golden glowing of the city in front of him.
At some point Sam pulls him into a tight hug, whispering some words he can’t really make out but it soothes him anyway.
But when Dean doesn’t answer he feels fear rushing through his body. “Dean! Open up!” he knocks against the dark wood and waits again. No answer. The only sound he can hear is quiet sobbing, the only proof that the Winchester is still there.
“I had to sit with the stoners the past week cause you weren’t here Dean.”, “Don’t make me feel bad now Garth, I didn’t choose to catch a freaking cold.” Dean laughs but at the same time mentally slaps himself for lying to Garth so openly. The other guy wasn’t dumb by any means. He just managed to be happy and mentally healthy, how he did that while going to school was still something Dean never got an answer to.
“You might have realized that you get a little dizzy when getting up but it’s nothing bad or so. Your physical health will be back to somewhat normal in two or three days. What worries me is your mental health.” “I’m perfectly fine doc.” Dean throws in and the doctor smiles sadly.
“Dean, I think there’s a lot we should talk about, after everything that happened over the past days. I don’t know what happened and I am completely fine if you don’t wanna talk about it but after everything you were telling me the past days I don’t feel like you should keep it in Dean.” “Cas I really don’t need to talk about it.” Dean tries to insist on his way of coping but Cas lets his head hang low a lump in his throat.
“No, Cas, you don’t get it. I had something with him. We didn’t just fool around.” Dean’s voice gets quieter in the end. “Did you- fuck.” the Novak can’t hold back his tears and hides his face in his palms his shoulders shaking. “Cas, I’m so sorry. I-” “Stop it Dean, you should leave.” Cas rasps out which actually surprises the Winchester but he doesn’t question it. “If that’s what you want.” “Yes.” “Than I’m sorry I bothered you. Thanks for the breakfast and all that.”
He presses his eyelids together and his hands against his temples just wanting it all to stop. He didn’t realize he started screaming until Sam bursts through the door and pulls his brother up into a sitting position.
“Dean, hey!” he looks up and sees Garth waving at him while sitting down next to Dean, a huge lunch box with some kind of pasta in one hand and a soda in the other.
When Dean’s breathing is nearly back to normal he pulls away and looks at Cas, tears streaming down his cheeks, eyes so full of guilt and sadness that it nearly knocks Cas over.
“Cas, they asked me to come and I didn’t even think about going there. I owe him at least one goodbye.” Dean whispers not daring to look into Cas’ eyes, afraid to discover disappointment in them. “Dean, please, look me in the eyes.” In a sudden Dean’s eyes start wandering around in a hush and Dean’s breath goes flat and fast.
"SAMMY, call the ambulance, now!" Jess yells in a high pitched voice and Sam doens't think twice to grab the phone.
“We- we could try it again Cas. I know we can do it, please don’t leave me. I- I need you.” Dean’s voice is a whisper and Castiel really has to try to keep up his facade and not let it crumble in front of Dean.
The second Sam comes after them they are already kneeling on the floor between shattered glass of a broken mirror and some blood which is in a small puddle on the floor.
“Hello?” “Sammy?” Dean whispers and he can hear a sigh on the other end. “Dean? Where are you? Are you alright?” Sam and his endless string of questions. “I’m fine Sammy. Don’t worry. I’m at some crappy motel, I don’t even know where. But I’m heading to yours and Jess’ if that’s alright with you two.” “Yes, Dean that’s totally fine. Do you know when you’ll be here?” “I could make it tomorrow if I start driving early.” “Don’t stress yourself alright?” “I won’t. I promise.” and they both hang up.
So much for him not commenting. Dean sighs. “Yes, sir,” he insists. “We worked it out. He’s stayin’ in California.” Dean never thought those words would bring a sense of relief.
Dean just shrugs. “I was makin’ one for me, so it wasn’t a big deal.” He doesn’t mention that he was up an hour early this morning pacing the house while he anxiously cleaned to take his mind off their trip today.
Cas watches the wet slide of the single tear. As if that one tear opened the gates, Cas pulls in a shaky breath and launches himself at Dean, arms going around the other man’s neck in a stranglehold before the first sob rips through him. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’m sorry. I can’t do this alone.”
“What? I got eyes. Girl is a thorn in my side, but she loves you. A man needs people who will worry themselves sick over him once in a while.”
Mack nods rapidly, his short blond hair falling forward over one eye before he slicks it back. “Sure, man, bring him along. Any friend of yours will be a hit with the chicks, right?”
“Not quitting, dad. Just being reasonable. At this point, there’s no way for me to get back in competition form.”
“My little bro needs someone around to shake him up a bit. Guess if I had to pick, might as well be you, Dean-o.” Gabe leans back in his chair and snags a bottle of beer off the tray Jo carries as she passes.
So while Dean was handling funeral arrangements with Lisa’s parents, Sam took a few days off work to scout out a handful of prospective houses within Dean’s budget. The paint was peeling, the landscaping needed work, and more than a few things were broken inside the house, but the first time Dean pulled into the driveway, he knew this was their house. It was a house for Ben to grow up in. Being a handy kind of guy, Dean made short work of the paint, the landscaping, and the repairs, and they moved in just a few weeks later.
“I had a pretty bad breakup about four months ago. We were together for almost six years, so it’s—” he breaks off to compose himself before continuing. “It’s been rough and I really haven’t been looking to date anyone.”
Castiel looks in the mirror and takes a moment to wish he had agreed to let Meg come over to pick out his clothes for his date with Will. No sooner does the thought cross his mind than he wonders if bumping his head on Meg’s car door yesterday gave him brain damage. It’s not like he hasn’t been on dates before. He’s a grown man, for crying out loud. He can pick out his own clothes.
Dean’s first reaction is to get angry. “What the hell do you know about it? You weren’t here. It was just me and dad while you were on the other side of the country. I had to make the hard choices while you got exactly what you wanted.”
Meg shakes her head. “You invited him over with the express purpose of getting laid. That, my dear Castiel, is the definition of a booty call.”
Cas closes his eyes and sighs deeply before opening them.  “I understand, Dean. I can accept those lines, as long as you can tell me that there will never be a romantic or physical relationship between you again. I’ve been with people who were friendly with their exes before.”
“Time after time, the people I thought I was meant to belong to, to make a family with, have turned out to be wrong for me. I have Meg, of course, and now Balthazar, but even she points out that I’m weird and broken. She might say it as a joke, but I know I don’t react to things the way other people would.”
Cas laughs, his throaty chuckle doing uncomfortable things to Dean’s resolve to keep things purely friendly. “That is a glowing endorsement, Dean. ‘It’s not as bad as you think.’ We should put that on a brochure.”
“Come on,” Dean says, pushing himself to his feet. He pulls Cas up from the chair and leads him to the couch. “I’m getting too old for that, but you’re too far away over there.” Dean settles on the couch—back against the armrest and one leg propped up in front of him—and pulls Cas down so his back presses against Dean’s chest. He links his fingers through Cas’ and curls his other arm around Cas’ waist, fingers spread like an anchor against Cas’ belly. “We’ll be okay, Cas,” Dean says, his breath ruffling Cas’ hair, “but you gotta tell me what’s been going through your head with Donnie.”
“So, Dean, think your friends would miss you if you decided to get out of here?” She shifts closer, one slim leg brushing against the inside of his thigh. Heat sparks across every nerve ending, settling in his cock, which has undeniably decided to join the party.
Cas locks his jaw and looks away. “I need some time to think.” He raises both hands to scrub down his face. “Just some time.”
Ben tilts his head and studies Dean for a moment before he rolls his eyes in a perfect imitation of his father. “Duh, daddy. I know that, but you could get a baby from someone who didn’t want theirs. Tanya said her mommy can’t have babies even though she’s a girl so she got babies from other girls. Tanya got adopted and her little sister got adopted too. I could have a baby brother that got adopted.”
“Yes, really,” Cas forces himself to say. The sooner Dean leaves, the easier it will be to protect him. “You should go.”
As expected, nothing turns up in Jody’s exam to explain the incident yesterday. She pats Dean on the back as they’re leaving the exam room and pulls him into a quick hug. Dean lets himself enjoy her soft, powdery perfume. He sometimes wonders what it would’ve been like to grow up with Jody. He’d never try to replace his mom, but no one except his grandma stands up to John the way Jody does. With Jody, John is less likely to dig in his heels, and Dean wonders if she would’ve smoothed out the rough edges.
“I would come home anyway, but bein’ here, seein’ you with him?” He lets out a long sigh. “It would be too hard and I’d end up doin’ something to fuck everything up again. I gotta get my head on straight and I can’t do that here.”
Dean lets the gentle praise relax him, loosening his trembling muscles so Castiel can push in until he’s buried inside. They pause, and Castiel lowers his head to rest his forehead against Dean’s before turning to kiss one temple. “Is there music in there now?” he whispers, pulling back to stare into Dean’s eyes.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I did. I know Christmas was screwed up and I didn’t mean it to go that way. I guess I’m just sorry you got caught up in the bullshit between me and Ash.”
Having never seen Die Hard, Castiel doesn’t have much to add to the conversation. He leans against the doorframe, envious at how easily Gabriel fits in with Dean’s family. Before long, the conversation has evolved into Gabriel telling stories about the exploits of his famous clients. Gabriel has always had that way about him, a magnetism that draws people in.
“I guess I should actually introduce you to my family,” Castiel says as Dean shows them the best of the bunch on the camera’s screen. “Kali and Gabriel Novak, meet Dean and Ben Winchester.”
In honor of the holiday, Ben has allowed Dean to mix a few Christmas carols into his bedtime concert. He starts with
It’s irritating that Dean can’t read Cas at all most of the time, but Cas doesn’t seem to have that problem. “Donnie’s kind of an asshole sometimes, and when he’s drinking, he gets flirty. That’s how we hooked up. Just, if he says or does anything out of line, I’m gonna shut it down. So you don’t need to get upset about it. I’m not encouraging him or anything. I’m happy with you.”
The tiny Mary on the screen plays the tune with a fierce intensity. Dean is transfixed. “We thought for sure piano would be it for her. She was amazing, even when she was so young.” Deanna turns to Dean and wipes away the tears gathering at the corners of her eyes.
“Wait, wait. Okay, I’m sorry. You’re having a crisis. Talk to me,” she demands. Castiel can hear the soft sound of a fan wherever Meg is hiding.
“You look like you’re about to face a firing squad. It's not that bad, I promise. Whose class is your . . .” she pauses questioningly.
Becky scurries to the back of the room to start pulling art supplies out of the cabinet while Cas continues to ignore Meg. She pulls her planner out of the desk and looks over the list of which students might need more support than usual today. He pulls his own files from his bag and is spreading them out on the desk when she looks up at him and mutters, “You look like hell.”
“Don’t say that,” Dean says with a slight whine. “I’m fucked if I miss the June Arena. Missing May is bad enough. Anyway, Sammy is bringing Eileen to Santa Clara. We gotta be there.”
“I know. I guess I didn’t want to see that you’re different now. Happier, more assertive. Sometimes I feel like you’re the only thing in the world that makes me feel like I’m still me. If you take that away, I don’t know who I am anymore.”
“Sammy please, they can’t catch you. Not you.” Dean whispers and is somewhere between clinging onto Sam and pushing his brother away.
“Don’t need a professional man. There are just too many people around here, don’t really like it. Just wanna go back to Sammy’s.” Dean whispers and Cas sighs.
“Dean?” he knows that voice, it’s Cas’. He can’t even think straight anymore his mind screaming at him and he can’t hold back the tears in his eyes. It seems to happen way too many times these days, not like he can control it. He can’t really control anything anymore since he came back.
Cas has to tell him about Jeremy but he can’t. Not after what happened the day before. He can’t let Dean be sad again but he isn’t a good liar either and hiding it from Dean any longer won’t work out.
The Winchester looks for a tree in the huge park next to the college so he doesn’t have to sit in the sun the during the break.
The drive in the Impala is quiet since there’s no music and Dean’s on his own. His plan was to just stop at some motels but he knows he won’t be able to catch any sleep so he just decides to drive all the way at once.
“I wanna forget it, well most of it. I don’t wanna get reminded every time I hear someone talking about war or whatever. Cas I don’t wanna work it out. I just wanna forget all of it so bad.” Dean whispers and looks at Cas.
“Dean?” he gasps before he realizes that he shouldn’t mention this to Dean before the Winchester mentions it himself. “What is it?” Dean asks with fear in his voice and pulls the shirt over his head as fast as possible. “I just woke up and you weren’t there.” Cas says in a whisper not trusting his voice. Dean just nods and grabs a flannel. Cas gets up not knowing what to talk about so he just remains silent while he grabs some clothes to wear before he grabs their bags and checks out of the motel.
Sam enters the room and Cas pushes slightly away from Jess to look at the younger Winchester. “He’s asleep but one of us should check on him every now and then.” Sam whispers, not trusting his voice, Cas and Jess just nod.
Deans bed is right under a huge window and the guy lying in there doesn’t resemble the Dean Cas had sex with half a day ago. His skin seems dull and as pale as the white hospital sheets of the bed.
“Dean it’s alright, no need to apologize to me or anyone.” Cas whispers and presses a kiss onto Dean’s head taking in the scent of the shampoo Dean used a few hours ago.
The hot water drips onto his head and he closes his eyes, trying to process what happened today. He got Dean back, after horrible years unknowingly of Dean’s whereabouts or if he even was alive. Years of false promises.                       Cas still remembers the first time they had told him Dean would come back, that was two years ago and Cas was waiting at the train station for Dean who didn’t arrive. And now he’s back but he’s not the same person he was the day he left. Cas feels tears building up in his eyes but he bites them back. Maybe it’s just today, maybe Dean just needs to realize that he’s home, save.
Cas stares at Dean’s scarred back, he saw it before but never this close. Now that Dean’s back is right in front of him he’s able to discover even more, lighter scars between the thick, purple ones.
The Winchester opens the door of the Impala in a slow movement and takes some steps closer to the house. Cas steps into the snow next to Dean and lies one arm around his shoulders, careful not to scare him. “It’s ours Dean.” Cas whispers after a few seconds and they keep looking at the white house, looking even more beautiful with all the falling snow and the shimmering Christmas decoration.
Dean trusts Cas though he hates feeling attached to nyone in any way but it’s totally different when Cas is around.
“Any problems with the stitching?”, “No.”, “Alright let me take a look and then we’ll decide if we pull the stitches today.” Dean just nods and looks away as soon as the Doctor carefully pulls off the band-aids, he doesn’t want to have a breakdown in the hospital and he isn’t sure he’ll be able to actually look at the wounds without freaking out again.
He slowly opens the huge door to Dean’s hospital room and shuffles inside. It looks like the Winchester is asleep but he isn’t a hundred percent sure. “Dean, you awake?” he moves closer to the bed and sees Dean opening one eye. “Nah, totally asleep Cassie.” he smirks and the Novak has to hold back a laugh.
He can’t control anything, like a prisoner in his own mind and body. He sees Cas and he knows for sure that Cas is talking to him but he can’t hear anything besides the blood rushing through his ears and occasional screams of people dying on his watch.
Cas starts breathing calm and steady and Dean soon matches his breathing and stops shivering after some time.
“Do you have some coffee?” the Winchester asks as soon as he enters the kitchen and Cas has to shake his head. He usually doesn’t drink coffee and never bothered to buy any since he left at Sam’s.
“Gotta breathe here Sammy.”, “It’s Sam.”, “Bitch.”, “Jerk.” Dean smiles and sits down on his bed, Sam right next to him. “Are you feeling better?”, “Yeah. Stop worrying.”, Dean-”, “Sam. I mean it.” the younger Winchester just nods and looks at the ground before looking at Dean again.
Sam knows that Dean has to let all of it out sometime but he also knows that his brother is too proud and way too stubborn to really cry in front of anyone.
Dean starts smiling and Cas feels his heart jump in happiness when he realizes that this smile finally reaches the Winchesters eyes, not completely but enough to let the unbelievably green eyes shimmer a little.
“It’s me, Cas. It’s alright Dean.” He whispers as a steady mantra to finally calm the Winchester down who starts to get at least a little calmer.
“We’ll find a way.” Sam starts and Cas nods sadly. He starts to lose his hope and that is definitely not good.
“You wanna go alone?” Cas asks to make sure that the Winchester doesn’t feel uncomfortable with him around. “No!” Dean answers immediately and pulls away a little to look into Cas’ ocean blue eyes.
“You could’ve said something.” Castiel whispers and takes a few steps closer to Dean’s bed. The older Winchester just shakes his head. “What was I supposed to say Cassie? Hey, man I wanna off myself but don’t worry?” his voice is thick with sarcasm and it makes Cas angry.
“Dean?” his voice is quiet when he shuffles closer to the Winchester who is sitting curled up in the middle of the room white bandages next to him.
“Okay, the wounds are healing fine, just try to keep a band-aid on them to prevent dirt from getting in there and use the stuff to help the healing that I’ll prescribe to you.” Dean just nods, no urge to talk to the Doctor at the moment. He just gets his prescription and is about to leave when he hears his Doctor calling his name again.
Jess eventually urges them to get back to the apartment. She gives both of the men dry clothes and makes them tea while they change.
All the blood, all the screams mixed with the hot and sweaty air crashes back onto him from the deepest parts of his mind where he tried to bury it and he still can’t control it, can’t fight it and the only thing he can do is to hope that it’ll end any second.
Cas sits down next to him and just looks at the lightly shivering Winchester. Cas lies one hand onto Dean’s shaking left hand. Dean doesn’t move at first but then he lets his head drop onto Cas’ shoulder and closes his eyes, still shivering and breathing way too fast. He’s on the edge of a panic attack.
Jess puts her elbows onto the table to steady her head with her hands. “Sorry.” Cas manages a whisper and Jess shakes her head frantically. “No, no, don’t apologize Cas, just don’t.”
Sorry, this chapter is really short atm but I'll definitely rewrite it as soon as I got motivation, time and ideas xD
“Wanna talk about it?” “No.” “Alright. Just say so if you need someone to listen.” the Novak adds, trying not to sound too disappointed and Dean nods, knowing that he’ll probably never will come back to it.
He makes it around twenty miles before the thought of just speeding and driving the car against a tree or something crawls into his mind making him dizzy. His mind is full of voices, mostly Cas’s telling him how stupid and naive he is for thinking he could ever be loved, and the car sways a little but the Winchester gets it back onto the road. He can’t do that to Sammy, at least not without properly saying goodbye.
“He’s here too? No, no that can’t be. You have to leave!” Dean looks right into Sam’s eyes when Cas enters the room and kneels down next to Sam who has a twisting and flinching Dean in his arms, not daring to release the grip even a little while trying to stay calm his own.
The scenery changes again and Dean finds himself in the white room with the white chair in the middle of the room.
“Don’t worry about that.” Cas whispers. “Do it the way you think that’s best for you, Sam and I will always be here if you need someone.” Dean leans forward and his lips lightly touching Cas’ before Cas pulls the Winchester closer and presses his lips against Dean, not able to wait any longer for that kiss.
“Cas, I- I’m sorry.” Dean suddenly whispers and Cas looks at him, confused. “For what?” he whispers back. “For not being able to actually work it through with you. You know how much I love you and you know that you and Sam are the only people I trust enough to talk with about what happened, but still I can’t do it in a way I’d like to.” Dean whispers, his forehead resting against Cas’.
“Dean?” Cas can’t interpret the look in Dean’s eyes. They are blank, no emotions showing and Cas is scared of Dean falling back into his catatonic state. “Dean?” Cas moves closer to the Winchester and Dean backs away, trying to protect his head before he curls up into a small ball. “Dean, it’s me, Cas.” He should have never told him, especially not on Christmas. But he is just stupid while trying to not be too egoistic.
“Cas, please.” Dean moans and Cas nods, his lips slowly trailing down Dean’s chest making Dean whimper in lust.
The next few days seem to go by in a blur. Jess shows him how to cook a load of dishes and they actually taste good. Sam tries to get Dean to go outside and take walks with him as much as possible and they actually seem to help, at least temporary.
“I’m sorry Dean. It’s over. I can’t do this.” “Cas-” Dean’s voice breaks and tears start rolling down his cheeks, his shoulders are trembling and the Novak fears that the Winchester might break down and just crumble to the ground.
“What if there was nothing to figure out?” Dean sounds so vulnerable and small which replaces Cas’ anger with a cloud of sadness, tears starting to roll down his cheeks.
The thick snowflakes are still dancing through the cold air and the Christmas decoration in the windows with the warm yellow light lets the white house with its big window and now snow covered roof shimmer. The big garden which stretches around the house is covered in untouched snow and Cas smiles at the view. Everything will be back to normal again. No worries about Dean or anything like the past four years. “Dean? Wake up, we’re here.” Cas whispers and touches Dean’s shoulder until the Winchester flinches, nearly punching Cas. ”Sorry, I’m sorry.” He mumbles but Cas just shakes his head with a warm smile. “It’s alright Dean. No need to apologize.” Cas whispers and Dean looks at him with sad, green eyes. Cas points outside the window and Dean follows his finger, his mouth dropping open when he realizes what Cas is pointing at. “Cas is this?” he whispers and Cas nods with a bright smile on his lips.
Despite the casual, trivial contact, Dean goes through every day feeling like his skin is on too tight. The uncomfortable pressure in his chest swells each time his phone goes off. They’ve talked about every topic under the sun except the one that Dean is actually interested in.
“This is Ellen, the woman who keeps us all on the straight and narrow,” Dean announces. He steps up behind her, pressing a kiss to the back of her head. Once again, Castiel is envious of the easy way that Dean shows affection.
Dean lets go of Cas’ hands to grasp his cheeks. He cradles Cas’ face between his palms, stubble prickly against his skin, and brushes the tears away with his thumbs. Throat burning as he tries to hold back the tears stinging his own eyes, he leans in and presses his forehead to Cas’. Their eyes meet and hold. “He was full of shit. You are not broken; you’re perfect just the way you are. I want to be with you.” Huge words strangle him, threaten to come out and engulf them. It’s too soon, too much, too fast, but he takes a deep breath and says them anyway. “I love you.”
“I know you want to make it to the museum early, but I was going to suggest that we stop,” he says gently.
“It’s real, I promise you,” Crowley says with a chuckle. “Keep your phone charged, Winchester. I’m sure you’ll be getting some calls once my associates see the work you’ve done here.”
The fear grows at Kali’s babbling. Kali never babbles. She’s perfectly in control of herself even in the worst situations. “What is it, Kali? Is Gabe okay?” His voice is shaking. Dean crawls off the bed and pads over to where he’s standing.
The house is quiet. Sometimes, even after Ben goes to bed, there is so much to do that it doesn’t seem like sleep will ever come. Tonight, that peace is just as elusive, but it has nothing to do with the laundry piled at the foot of the bed or the load of dishes still in the dishwasher.
Ash laughs, then snags Dean’s beer out of his hand and drains the last few inches. “The hell? You and your goddamn sister, man, two of a kind,” Dean grouses.
“Nothing,” Dean insists, turning on the radio to stop more questions. Cas always has the best ideas. Dean has been worrying about taking Ben on this trip, but he didn’t do anything about it, just hoped it turned out okay. Cas, on the other hand, planned and brought stickers and took control of the situation before anything got out of hand. He made it into a game that would ensure Ben would be on his best behavior. He’s Ben’s father, but he feels like he’ll never be as good at it as Cas is.
He hears Juliet startle and jump up just outside the studio door. She races away with a sharp bark that can only mean someone is knocking on the door. He glances down at the time on his phone. Meg hadn’t said she was dropping by, but it’s not like she always does. With a sigh, he glances at the unfinished painting on the easel and the supplies he still needs to clean up.
Castiel squints after her, head tilted slightly, trying to recall the last time he was at a crazy party. Why would she say that? She knows that he doesn’t party anymore, not since the night he almost died thirteen years ago. Flicking the rubber band repetitively, Castiel starts down the road toward his house.
Dean turns to leave, but the insistent twitching in his hands stops him. What can it hurt to try? The old floorboards creak as he walks to the piano and gingerly takes a seat on the bench. The keys are cold under his fingers when he splays them over the pale ivory. Self-conscious, he looks toward the back of the store, but it doesn't look like the people at the counter have noticed him.
“Dean, you know that you can tell me everything and you know that I wanna help you but I can’t do that as long as you’re not talking to me.” Cas tries to make the Winchester look at him but he just stares at the ground.
Cas looks around the guest room. It was now Dean’s room. But it was too clean, too tidy and it look like Dean tried to clean it before ending it all. It looks like the Winchester didn’t want anyone to have to go through the chaos of a room someone lived in.
“Dean thinks- he’s back there- he didn’t realize- I dunno.” Cas voice fades away and Jess wraps her arms around him and pulls him into a hug so Cas can bury his face between her shoulder and neck while she slowly strokes one hand over his back.
“Chuck Shurley?” a man picks up and Dean forgets how to talk for a second. “Hello?” his voice breaks and he feels his cheeks heating up with embarrassment. “I’m Dean Winchester, my Doc gave me your number and I decided to call, obviously.”, “Hello, Dean. What can I do for you?” the question kind of throws him off. ‘Why is this so damn hard?’ “I wanted to make an appointment with you. Do you wanna know all that stuff over the phone?”, “No, of course not. Lets just make a first appointment and see where we’ll go from there. Does that sound good to you?” Dean stays silent, about to hang up, not sure if he really wants to take that step but he kinda owes it to Sam and Cas. “Dean?” Chuck asks and the Winchester snaps back to reality. “Yeah, sounds good.”, “Alright. I actually have a free appointment in two weeks. It’s on a Monday at three. Is that alright? The next one would be in two months.” Dean doesn’t have anything to do on Mondays at three but he still thinks about taking one in two months. He really doesn’t want to talk to some stranger about his life. “No, the Monday works just fine.” he rasps out and he can hear Chuck write down something. “Alright. I’ll text you my adress if that is alright with you.”, “Sure.”, “Good, see you in two weeks Dean.” “Bye.”
Over the past days Dean nearly stopped showing his emotions in such a heavy way that they nearly weren’t even visible. But now they just come rushing back onto him, creeping through his mind, making it hard to think, hard to breathe, hard to do anything. He never wanted to end like this, an emotional wreck.
“Dean, can you look up?” his voice is tender and soft and it nearly makes the Winchester cry even more. “I’ve missed you so much Cas, so fucking much.” he whispers and has to close his eyes completely when a wave of dizziness hits him. “Dean-” Cas’ voice breaks which makes Dean look up at him. “Don’t you fucking dare say ‘I love you’!” the Winchester seems surprisingly sober in a sudden and Castiel flinches back a little. “You left me alone. You told me to leave and I don’t wanna hear it Castiel. I can’t!” the Winchester actually gets up and sways a little before he walks to the door and leaves the bar.
Cas is loathed to get up, but Dean steps to the side and tugs on Cas’ hand until he stands. “Fine. I’ll shower.”
Dean flushes, not just from the embarrassment of talking about his hook-ups with Ellen, but from the knowledge that it’s been almost a year since he’s gotten any action that wasn’t delivered by his own two hands. Not that he’s going to say that. There are just some things a man doesn’t talk about. Instead, he sighs and responds in a tired voice, “I’ve been a little busy, Ellen. When do I have time for dates? And where would I even meet anyone?”
The chicken and broccoli mixture is sizzling in the pan when Cas and Ben re-emerge from the room. Ben is wrapped in a fuzzy black and yellow striped bathrobe with a hood sporting antenna and bee-shaped slippers. He crawls up on a stool next to the kitchen island while Cas pulls out a mug for his cocoa.
Castiel can’t help but agree with Ash’s assessment, even though the gift seems to have upset Dean for some reason. Ben’s intelligence is startling sometimes and even the gifted teacher has mentioned to Castiel that he has trouble stimulating him. Castiel clears his throat. “Mr. Tran can use these kits in his lessons with Ben. He’s been struggling to find topics that are both motivating and challenging for Ben.”
When he’s finished, Dean straightens Cas’ collar and tugs him in for a more thorough kiss. Cas is panting softly when Dean finally releases him, but Dean just licks his lips and smiles. “All night I’m gonna be thinkin’ about gettin’ you back out of that shirt. Can’t wait.” He walks out of the room and down the stairs without waiting to see if Cas is following; as if he didn’t just make Cas’ knees weak.
Dean snickers. “Charlie’s coming, so between her and Benny and Garth, lovely is probably not the word for it. Maybe we’ll invite Jo too and really make it divine.”
The soft sound of Dean clearing his throat overpowers the music for a moment. His hands move again, sweeping down the cleft of Cas’ ass, over his hole, and down the back of his balls, then back up. By the time he moves on to the backs of Cas’ legs, hands kneading the muscles down to the sensitive skin behind his knees, Cas is boneless.
Cas lets his head fall forward until he’s cradled against Meg, Zar holding them both up. The clock on the mantle ticks and Cas thinks about how to not be scared. He’s been afraid for so long, afraid of losing himself, afraid of getting hurt, that he’s not sure he knows how.
Cas chuckles and reaches over to ruffle Ben’s hair. “That’s right. Maybe Mr. Tran can help you think of something.”
“Funny thing is, Judd Barton told me that you and Sam spent that mornin’ helpin’ him mend his fence. John said he dropped you boys off at eight, ‘fore the shells went missin’, and picked you up just a half hour before I found ‘em.” Bobby’s eyes flick to Dean quickly, then back to the road.
Castiel, Sam, and Jess gather their drinks and move to the end of the bar closest to the little stage, where Dean is sliding the guitar strap over his head and settling on the lone stool. Jenny, the pretty bartender, brings them more drinks as Dean tunes the guitar and launches into a song Castiel doesn’t know, the guitar smooth and mellow. Dean’s vocals are his usual blend of deep resonance mixed with a husky note that stirs something inside Castiel.
Dean pulls a face. It’s not like this would be the first time Ben slept overnight away from him. He’s even stayed at Sam and Jess’ before, but Dean has always picked Ben up in the morning. Sam is talking about almost twenty-four hours. That’s twelve hours longer than he’s been away from Ben since Lisa died.  What if something goes wrong? What if Ben has a meltdown? Will Sam and Jess know what to do? Dean’s stomach cramps at the thought. “What if something happens?” he asks, eyes trying to convey his concern to Sam without tipping off Ben.
Meg calls the parents back to the computers for the children to present their projects. Dean isn’t shocked at all to see that Ben has built an elaborate spaceship in the middle of a desert. What he is a little surprised at is the intricate flower gardens, complete with irrigation system, that surround the spaceship. Ben and Justin explain to Dean and Candace how they worked together to create their Spaceship Garden, but Dean doesn’t really understand any of it. He wonders absently if a computer would be a good Christmas present for Ben.
Eyelids fluttering closed, he lets himself imagine that Dean is here with him, that Dean’s hands are on him, caressing him. He runs just his fingertips up his length, teasing the nerves just below the head of his cock, before slowly dragging them back down again. Another three licks to his palm to get himself good and wet, and he lets himself imagine that it is Dean’s mouth wrapped around him instead of just his hand. He teases the slit, imagining Dean’s tongue flicking against him, his breath coming in rapid pants.
Dean shrugs. “I’d love to. Keepin’ her in the garage and washin’ the salt off every week helps, but I hate drivin’ her with the gravel on the road. I just never seem to get enough saved up for another car. Bobby said I could pick out a junker to drive in the winter, but I’d still have to pay insurance and shit. Maybe next year.”
“Yeah, uh, yeah, I got people who could probably bring him. We’ll work it out.” The two women stand up, so Dean does too. Jody hands him a card with Dr. Barnes’ address on it and the date of an appointment in two weeks. Dean slips the card in his wallet and follows them to the door of the office.
Cas wishes he could say that the fear is gone, that Ash’s words convinced him that his dread is unfounded, but it isn’t. In the back of his mind, he’s not completely convinced that they’re forever. He might never be. What Ash’s words did show him, though, is that Dean is worth fighting for. Whatever the chance of losing Dean eventually might be, it’s less than the one hundred percent certainty if he walks away. He meets Ash’s eyes, tipping his chin up a little in challenge. “If you change your mind, I won’t let go so easily a second time.”
John winces. “That’s not—” He stops and scrubs his hand through his beard, looking older than Dean has ever seen him. “Yeah,” he continues, looking away. “It’ll be fine.”
Thankfully, it’s not hard to lose himself in the bustle and chaos and by the time Garth arrives with his pretty fiancé, Ben has unwound and is bouncing around the room as if the incident at the music store never happened. Dean has a harder time putting it away, but he must manage to fake it well enough because no one comments.
Even stranger is the hole left by not talking to Cas. He strums the guitar, picking out the opening chords to the only Alice in Chains song he knows.
Castiel grins and settles the hat more firmly on his head. “Perhaps I’ll purchase it,” he says. “I need a new hat for the walk to school.”
He barely has the phone unlocked when the door swings open to reveal Meg in a pale gray bathrobe knotted at the waist. “What the everloving fu—” she starts, then cuts off when her eyes fasten on his face. She steps back to let him in without another world, then closes the door behind him.
Ash shrugs, the movement small and stilted. He doesn’t look at Dean. Instead, he looks down the hallway. “It’s a pretty good deal. With the cost of living being lower here, it’s not much of a cut.”
Ash doesn’t respond, but his throat works as he swallows hard. Ellen doesn’t give him a chance to answer, though. “I think you boys still got some stuff to work out. Why don’t you take it outside away from ears that don’t need to hear it?” He casts a pointed glance at Ben.
Dean wanders across the room to where Cas is saying goodbye to the mother of another one of the kindergartners. He lurks on the other side of the desk, watching Meg and Ben sort through a cabinet in the back of the room until the woman finally leaves. Cas looks up and meets Dean’s gaze.
“Well, it’s been over two years for me and I’m afraid I am normally this big of a dork,” Castiel returns with a grin.
“I didn’t know what else to do. You were so little and Sammy was just a baby. Your mom, she was the strong one. I couldn’t do it alone.”
Dean jumps and drops the toy back into the drawer, slamming it shut before he turns to look at Cas with a guilty expression. The other man is standing in the doorway holding Dean’s backpack. The guy needs a freaking bell. “I, ah, the drawer was open and the lube fell and I was just going to get it in case we wanted to, you know, in the shower, but then there was this stuff and—”
Castiel stops arranging the flowers and narrows his eyes reproachfully. “Why is it being a girl do something nice for someone else? That’s ridiculous, Dean. Men can enjoy spreading happiness, too. It’s a major part of your personality; to do things for other people. It’s one of the reasons I agreed to go out with you.” He turns away and pushes the last of the dried, crinkly blossoms into the vase before setting it on the shelf. When he turns back around, Dean is watching him appraisingly.
Cas sighs. “I know. I did inform Hannah when we started seeing each other, so I’m not concerned about the administration. I just hope none of the parents are concerned. Although I’ve never really been in the closet, I didn’t flaunt my previous relationship at the school.”
Ben gives a small hiccup and nods. He runs one finger across each bottle and nods again as if accepting Dean’s words. Snuggling tighter against Dean’s chest, he pulls Benson up to his face and sniffs him. Dean sits there rocking Ben against him, his hand cradling Ben’s head until he realizes that he can’t feel his legs anymore.
Cas squeezes his eyes tightly shut, chin quivering. “I don’t know if I can do this; if I can live with the specter of Ash constantly hanging over our relationship. He’s not just an ex. He’s part of your family. He’s not just going to go away.” He opens his eyes and tears glisten, threatening to spill over. “I believe you, Dean, that nothing happened, but I know that he wanted it to. What if he decides that he wants to try again?”
He still has almost two hours to spare by the time he reaches Baldwin City, so Dean heads up toward Lake Clinton. The temperature has risen enough that he is able to put down the windows as he cruises around the lake, Metallica's black album blaring. Dean, Bobby, John, and Sam took Ben fishing at the lake over the summer. The men fished and bullshitted while Ben played in the water and complained about the heat. John laughed over Ben’s complaints, which was a huge improvement over how he reacted to Sam and Dean's whining when they were kids. Eight years of sobriety has changed a lot about John Winchester.
Ben helps clear the table while Dean and Cas wash the dishes and put them away immediately, as is his habit. Dean is just as likely to let them pile up in the sink and then transfer them to the dishwasher all at once, but when in Rome and all that. He has to admit that it’s nice to have it done and not have to worry about it. Maybe Cas is onto something.
Dean considers that for a moment. “Never thought of it that way. I mean, I tell him the numbers he wants to know if he asks, but I never thought of just givin’ them to him.”
Dean wants to get there right as the museum opens so they don’t have to deal with the crowds and stopping will make them late. “You had breakfast, Ben. There’s no reason you should be hungry,” he says as calmly as he can.
Dean can’t know how Mary Campbell Winchester would have reacted to his sexuality. Based on his few hazy memories of his mom, though, Dean wants to believe she would have still loved him. She certainly wouldn’t have approved of what John did when campus security caught Dean at that frat party. He didn’t even know the guy’s last name, but Dean was still mortified when John offered him five hundred dollars to never speak to Dean again. The bribe was more than effective, and Dean learned the value of discretion.
Cas shifts until he can look up at Dean. “You never forced me to do anything. I liked what we’ve done, the kissing and touching, but I didn’t want you to realize that I wasn’t getting aroused. We can do more; I could touch you.” His voice is soft, hesitant.
Castiel chuckles and slides up Dean’s body until they’re pressed together, chests to hips, and slots one leg between Deans. “That would make it hard to get anything done,” he says, his voice even more gravelly than usual. He forgot how much he loves that pleasant ache in his jaw that comes with giving a blow-job.
He laid awake most of the night because every time he closed his eyes, he remembered waking up in that hospital bed, tubes up his nose and down his throat, and Meg curled up in the chair next to him. Maybe he and Dean would be happy, but at what cost? He has no one to blame except himself for losing Michael, but the fear of Dean eventually seeing that Cas is just a stand in for Ash is paralyzing. He pushes his phone into his pocket without answering and lets himself into the house.
She’ll be turning eighteen in a few months, but she isn’t doing the things other eighteen year olds do. Krissy won’t be applying for college or moving into her first apartment. She won’t even be graduating from high school, since she has a right to an education until she’s twenty-one. When Krissy was two, she was diagnosed with Autism, a developmental disorder that affects her social, behavioral and language development. She doesn’t speak, but she communicates by touching the icons on a device that is very similar to the IPad Castiel uses in his classroom.
“Would you like to pet her?” Castiel asks Ben, giving Dean a moment to recompose himself. He signals for Juliet to sit, placing a hand on the back of her neck.
“So, are you two a couple now? Am I supposed to buy you joint gifts?” Cas asks testily. He scoots around them to pull three wine glasses from the cupboard, ignoring the way Meg’s eyebrows shoot up. He pours three glasses and returns to the other side of the island with his.
Cas swallows hard, his eyes darting to the bottle of whiskey. “You don’t deny that you slept with him after you said it was over between you.” His voice cracks at the end, twisting at Dean’s heart.
Despite his confusion about his relationship with Dean, it’s hard not to remember that Ben is a big part of his life as well. In less than two hours, he’ll walk into a classroom with Ben as if nothing is wrong. He wonders if Dean has told Ben anything or whether Ben has even noticed Cas’ absence from their lives. He swallows a gulp of air at the thought of Ben not caring whether Cas is part of their lives or not, the burn making him cough and sputter until he gets his breathing under control again.
The sense of accomplishment Cas feels when he thinks about Ben is overshadowed by his pure love for the child. He’s always proud when a student succeeds, but the delight he feels at Ben’s success runs deeper than that. He imagines it is more like the pleasure a parent feels when they see their child thrive.
Dean tosses the phone on the counter and pulls the plastic wrapped pizza out of the box. Before he can rip into the packaging, his phone buzzes again. This time, the notification turns into the repeated buzz of an incoming call. Sure it’s Ash he almost ignores it, but the fear that it might be Cas gets the best of him. It’s neither.
There’s silence for a moment and Dean is hopeful that Ben will just accept his explanation without comment. No such luck. “You mean like you and Ash?”
“My brain,” Ben responds, shifting his body so that he snuggles tighter against Dean. “It kept itching and itching and telling me bad stuff was gonna happen to Benson, but it’s all quiet and not itchy now.”
Cas narrows his eyes petulantly. “I didn’t like she way she was touching you,” he grouses, biting back a grin when Dean leans in to press a consoling kiss to his temple.
“I didn’t know where to go,” he forces out. He notices the time on the oven, just after six-thirty and his eyes widen. “Oh my god, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking. I didn’t realize it was so early. I’m sorry, Meg.”
Dean feels like the breath has been punched out of him. “No way you’d make bank in Kansas like California,” he says, not trusting himself to say what he’s really thinking. Ash could move back. Does he want Ash to move back? What would happen if Ash moved back? He’s never allowed himself to think about it because it never seemed like an option before.
“Thanks, Zar. It’s a new look I’m trying out,” Cas returns dryly, earning a huff of laughter from Meg.
As Dean starts down the hallway, he hears music playing from somewhere in the school. He follows the sound as it gets louder, echoing in the empty hallway until it leads him right to Cas’ open door. It is some kind of mid-‘90s grunge, Alice in Chains maybe, and the chords are harsher, more dissonant than the classic rock he usually prefers.
Walking around the festival with a child of his own is much different than previous years when he’d attended as a coordinator or volunteer.
“I’m fine. There’s nothing going on with me and Ash, just our normal bullshit, so you don’t need to pull out your sparkly markers and stickers so we can journal about it,” Dean retorts, starting to shove past him.
Dean takes a moment to process the sudden change of topic, then shakes his head. “You never told me that.”
For a moment, there’s only the water surrounding him. Any moment, he’ll go under. Dean holds his breath, waiting for everything to come crashing down around him.
She runs the pad of her thumb over the reddened skin, some of which is darkening into a bruise at the edges. “Talk to me, you self-flagellating asshole,” she demands, reaching up to cup his cheek and turn his face toward her.
The classroom aide, an elderly woman in a dark purple track suit, is sitting just to the side of the desk. Castiel presumes Mrs. Niles is keeping an eye on the boy who is still under the desk without crowding him. He’s grateful the staff of their small school have all been well trained. She motions him to the side and whispers so neither the boy under the desk nor the other students can hear her words. “He’s been having a rough go of it, Mr. Novak. He seems like a bright kid, but he was really quiet all day. We had some trouble getting him to let loose of the stuffed dog he brought in his pack, so Miss Blake finally let him keep it in his desk. She figured we’d deal with that later.”
Bobby excuses himself to the office to finish up some paperowork. “Don’t get into no trouble back here,” he grouses. Dean blushes at Bobby’s reminder of the trouble he and Ash used to get into in the back of the garage.
For a moment, the nurse looks as if she’ll persist. Ben clicks loudly and bounces his feet on the floor. She glances back and forth between them before leaning back in her chair with a sigh. “Okay,” she says, marking something on the paper. Dean would give his left arm to see what it says. “Let’s get you set up in a room.”
Dean sneaks a glance at John, who is staring stoically out the windshield. They’d managed to avoid each other the rest of the day and Dean figures it was for the best. He didn’t want to talk about what happened at the pool, both in the water and afterward.
Ava shrugs, her nose ring glinting in the overhead lights. “Business as usual. Heard you got a Martin for Christmas.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean breathes out, pinching the bridge of his nose with one hand, the other reflexively opening and closing on the steering wheel.
“Thanks to you,” Dean says sincerely, meeting Cas’ eyes. “I’m glad you were here.” He doesn’t break the eye contact for a long moment, until he remembers with a start that they aren’t alone in the kitchen. He clears his throat awkwardly and mutters, “I’m gonna grab some beers,” then escapes to the garage before he makes a bigger fool of himself.
The silence in the Jeep is broken only by the rasp of their breathing and the sharp whine of the alternator belt. Dean has Castiel stop a few blocks away even though the house isn’t visible from the road. It would be his luck if John was leaving when they pulled up and saw them.
Nestled in Ben’s hand is the long, thickly veined dildo that Cas intended to use on Dean. It looks obscene in Ben’s tiny hand, the silicone a dull purple against Ben’s pale skin. Cas stops, unable to make himself step closer, eyes darting up to Dean. Any words he might offer are caught in his throat, a burning embarrassment keeping them right where they are.
“Are you drawing me?” Dean asks with a soft curl of embarrassment. He starts to shift toward the edge of the bed to get up.
Dean pulls Ben away from his friends and how awesome is it that Ben has friends? Dean is smiling when he and Ben leave the classroom. He glances back to wave goodbye to Cas, but Meg is standing beside him, her arm tucked in his. She’s saying something to him that Dean is too far away to hear, but it’s definitely upsetting Cas. She snags his wrist and snaps the yellow band twice, but Cas just rolls his eyes and gives her an unimpressed look. They remind Dean of an old married couple.
“When I found the spent shells in the junkyard, windows shot out of a dozen different cars, you stood right up beside Ash and took the punishment for it,” he continues. “Took you two all day to clean up the shells and the glass.”
“Dr. Blakeslee and I have been writing up his findings,” she continues. “There was a grad student working with me as a personal assistant, but she’s run into some family troubles and needs to fly home to Florida for the summer. She’ll likely need to take next semester off.”
“I’m sure Cas would appreciate some,” Dean replies. Cas has mentioned his lack of cooking ability more than once.
Castiel shrugs and takes a long, slow pull from it, the tip flaring bright orange in the shadows. He releases a lazy exhale, and the smoke floats around his head. “Why not?”
The porch railings are festooned with garlands and bows, making the house look festive. Even though it is daylight, fat multi-colored lights glow where they circle the windows and door and wrap around the porch roof. To finish off the winter wonderland, a waist-high light-up plastic Santa and Mrs. Claus sit just to the left of the steps, under a large bow window.
“What do you need me to do?” he cuts her off. He’s fine. He doesn’t need the family fussing over him as if he’s broken or something.
“I didn’t know where you was, daddy,” Ben wails through a series of choppy hiccups. Dean clutches the small boy to his chest, rocking him gently and running a soothing hand down his back. After a few minutes, Ben’s cries stop and he rests bonelessly in Dean’s arms, Benson clutched between them.
“Why not?” Castiel asks with a pout, rolling his hips up again to remind Dean that they’re both here, hard and willing. It’s been so long, so long since he’s been touched like this and he’s practically crazy for it.
Dean smiles and runs gentle hands down his sides. Castiel is glad he decided on a t-shirt tonight because the heat of Dean’s hands through the soft drag of the fabric against his skin feels amazing. “We don’t have to do anything,” Dean says, but the ways his hands slip lower to cup Castiel’s hips sends a different message.
A small shift of bodies and Cas’ mouth is on his, tongue sweeping lazily across his lips until Dean opens to him. Getting lost in the heat of Cas is easy, the taste of chocolate chip cookies and milk on Cas’ tongue, the little noises he makes that Dean is quickly becoming addicted to. It all combines into an undertow that he doesn’t even try to fight.
Cas smiles, his eyes lighting up, and it’s a look that Dean wants to keep on Cas’ face forever. It’s like the sun on a rainy day and fireworks on the Fourth of July all rolled into one. “I want that too,” he says, squeezing Dean’s hand back.
Jess raises both brows. “Wow. I never thought I’d hear you say that about Ash. You’re always defending him.”
He stays seated on the floor in front of the bleachers. Dean watches her pull the goggles back over her eyes and rips his off his head. He tugs off the swim cap and drops them both onto the floor next to him. Dean runs his hands through his hair, pulling the strands until his eyes water.
The garage door slides up smoothly as Castiel pulls into the driveway. He parks next to his gleaming yellow and black Camaro and puts the door down behind him. Though the weather has been bad enough that he hasn’t really had a chance to take it,
“I hate you both.” Charlie stalks over and executes a smooth dive into her lane. She comes up fifteen feet from the edge and ignores them.
The sound of Ben in the bathroom drags him out of a fitful sleep the next morning. His racing heart and a sense of dread are the last vestiges of the dream he’d been caught in. He doesn’t remember all the details, but a lingering vision of Cas walking away is enough to tell him the overall gist.
They sit in silence for a few minutes, picking at the nachos and cheese doodles still left on the table. Finally, Charlie clears her throat and leans forward. “What did you do to Castiel?” she asks, trying to look casual and failing.
Dean stops, looking out over a small pond covered in lily pads. He glances at Kali out of the corner of his eye. “Good to know.”
Dean is disappointed, crushed really. He just wants to grab the man and shake him, force him to listen, but he knows it doesn’t work that way. If Cas doesn’t want to give him another chance, Dean knows he can’t make him. Fuck if that makes it hurt any less, though. “Yeah, you’re right. I better get home,” he says softly, trying not to let on how upset he is. Cas doesn’t respond and Meg turns the music back on as soon as Dean steps toward the door, effectively ending the conversation.
Lost in his own thoughts, running is another form of meditation for him. Castiel enjoys the symbolism of moving forward while ending in the same place that running represents, different from the calm comfort of yoga. He lets the soft huffs of Juliet’s breathing beside him lull him, syncing his stride to the sound of her paws hitting the dirt.
. He forces himself to swallow past the lump in his throat and nods. He pulls on pajama bottoms and walks Cas to the door.
Somewhere along the line, he’s even ended up with Balthazar’s number in his phone. While neither Gabriel nor Kali have contacted him, Meg reported that they are talking about flying out to ‘give Cas a kick in the ass,’ as she put it. Knowing that even Cas’ family and friends are pulling for him makes Dean feel marginally better, but it’s still no guarantee that Cas will come around.
“I know you do, but you didn’t make good choices just now. You called me and your father names and made a scene, so you can’t have the globe until tomorrow. Do you understand?”
he reminds himself, out for a test drive, he is impressed by the quality of the work. Even Gabriel expressed admiration when he texted photos. As soon as the weather breaks, Dean promises that they will take
Dean drops his hand and steps back, all of the fight draining out of him. Ash isn’t going to see reason. He’s going to move home and he’s going to try to come between Dean and Cas. As much as it hurts, Dean knows that he’ll never let that happen; that if losing Ash is the price for being happy with Cas, it’s one he’s willing to pay. “I’m tired of fighting, Ash. I gotta get Ben home for bed. He has school tomorrow,” he says, refusing to acknowledge Ash’s claim.
“Leave that to me.” It only takes Dean a few minutes to get the propane heater fired up and to cover the table and bench with a blanket. He sets out a plate of sandwiches, some potato chips, and two bottles of the sweet tea Cas has been craving since he had it at the Roadhouse. Holding up another blanket, he motions to the bench. “Your table is ready,” he announces with a flourish.
“But I am. I’m hungry now, one hundred and fifty percent hungry. My stomach might be eating itself, daddy. I’ve never been so hungry,” he laments, his voice is rising in volume with each word.
There’s silence for several long moments. Castiel takes another bite of his hamburger and washes it down with a mouthful of milkshake. The silence stretches until Dean is ready to snap. “I’m not trying to be an asshole,” Castiel finally says, pushing the plate of food back toward Dean. “You just, I don’t know, you seem like you’re looking for something. I wanted you to know when you find it, you’re allowed to reach out and take it.”
Skirting the edge of the room, he turns at the end of a long wall and finds himself in a dimly lit alcove. Cas is standing with his back to Dean, but even from this distance, his posture looks stiff and distressed. A man is standing with him, dark hair shaved into a crew cut with an angular stubbled jaw and an expensive suit. He’s too close for Dean’s comfort, especially given the way Cas is acting, with one hand resting possessively on Cas’ forearm.
Even after CT scans and MRIs and X-rays and ultrasounds, they hadn’t been able to tell Dean much. The doctors determined he has a moderate concussion. The mild swelling in his brain has gone down since yesterday. Despite persistent headaches, dizzy spells, and a weird restlessness in his arms and legs, the doctor pronounced him in no real danger. She released him into John’s care with a prescription for painkillers, a long list of danger signs, and an appointment with the neurologist in four days.
“Relax,” Dean murmurs, sliding his palms over the curve of Cas upper back. He braces one knee on the bed next to Cas’ hip and leans over him, using the leverage to increase the pressure. His hands trail down over Cas’ shoulder blades, fingertips kneading the bunched muscles around the bones. They dance down the long sweep of his spine, thumbs tracing the knobs and coaxing away the tension he holds there.
“That’s—Cas, it doesn’t work like that. You realize that, right? You can’t just trade my body to him to fix something I didn’t even know was messed up. That’s not how relationships work.”
Dean watches him, wanting nothing more than to be in the water with him, but every step he takes toward the edge makes his chest tighter and tighter. He pins his eyes on Castiel’s body, the intricate tattoos curling up his arms to cross his collarbone and meet in a riot of color over his sternum. It isn’t hard to imagine being able to touch Castiel, running his hands and his mouth over the toned body. If he gets in the water. “I can’t,” he whispers, turning away as his face flames hot.
Once the lids are securely glued to the corn syrup, water, and glitter filled bottles, Meg helps the children collect their holiday project packets and reunite with their parents. Unsurprisingly, Ben’s bottle has swirls of royal purple with silver and blue glitter that make it look like a galaxy. When he shakes it for Dean, his father gives his first genuine smile of the evening.
“I’m just really lost, Dean. I really wanna help you, I want you to get better and all that but I don’t know how to help you. I’m not sure if I can anymore.” Tears started rolling down Cas’ cheeks again and he presses his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
“I’m fine.” Dean answers before the curtain moves a little and Dean’s head appears, the cute and tempting smile on his face like in the good old days and Cas can’t resist to just cup Dean’s cheeks in his hands and kiss him before he steps under the shower next to Dean.
Cas slowly opens the door to the bedroom and walks to the bed where Dean is sitting on back against the headboard, looking at the bandage around his wrist.
When Cas leaves the bathroom Dean is already lying in bed,T-Shirt on, back against the wall, curled up in the sheets but his eyes still open, waiting for Cas to lay down next to him.
Jess forces Cas to finally sit down next to Dean so the Winchester can let his head rest on Cas' lap.
They finally pull up in front of the apartment and Dean bolts out of the car, into the apartment and locks himself in the bathroom leaving a worried Castiel behind.
“Dean are you sure that you don’t wanna drive?” Cas asks after some time, worried about Dean’s sudden silence. “Naah, I’m good, glad to be back on the road, feels more like home.” Dean grins and Cas just nods, unsure what he’s supposed to answer. Dean always felt home when being in his car, on the road and that’s why the fact that Dean doesn’t want to drive makes Cas worry.
He gets into the Impala, Dean already sitting shotgun which leaves Cas driving again, still not saying a word they head off to the nearest diner to get some breakfast.
The older Winchester hisses again when Jess starts to wipe the blood off his swollen knuckles and he grabs Cas' hand and squeezes it until the cut starts to shoot finring pain through his whole body.
“Go and eat something, Jess is still waiting, I’ll take care of Dean. You really need some time on your own Cas.” Sam reassures him with a soft smile before he leads Cas out of the room.
“I’m not gonna upset your brother any further. And you promise me to not upset John. And if you need anything, just call me. But Sam,” he can feel the Winchester nod. “I’ll have to talk to Dean about him- about what happened.” “Just don’t do it tonight.” Sam half pleads and the Novak assures him that he’ll be careful. “Text me when you’re home, and drive safe.” “I will, thanks Cas.”
Cas wakes up from Dean shivering and pressing even more against Cas body who just wraps his arms around Dean to calm him. “It’s okay Dean, I’m here.” Cas mumbles and places a kiss onto the Winchesters head. “Jus’ a bad dream.” Dean whispers but keeps pressing his face into the crook of Cas’ neck. “Wanna talk about it?” Cas tries and feels relief when Dean nods lightly. That looks like a good start to him. “I want them to stop Cas. You have to make them stop.” Dean whispers and Cas gets confused. “The dreams?” he doesn’t know what Dean means. “Make them stop hurting us for nothing.” Dean whimpers, face pressed against Cas’ neck who starts to get what Dean means. “They aren’t hurting anyone anymore. You’re safe with me.” Cas reassures Dean. “Don’t worry about that. I’m here for you.” Cas whispers into Dean’s hair and feels how Dean nods lightly. They stay in that embrace until both of them fall asleep again.
The view over the valley in front and kind of under him is amazing. He didn’t realize he was on a cliff when he first pulled over but that knowledge somehow calms him down now.
“I think I’m getting sick.” Dean suddenly says and rushes to the bathroom to throw up into the toilet. Cas kneels down beside the Winchester an gently strokes one hand over Deans back who lets his head rest on his arm.
“You are?” he hears the bartenders voice through some kind of fog. He’s about to answer when he realizes that the bartender is not walking to him but to Cas who is now standing right next to him.
“Alright, why don’t we sit down here.” the doctor points at a small room with a chair and two chairs on each side on it. “Sure.” Castiel nods and follows the doctor inside. Both of them sit down and the Novak leans forward a little.
Cas opens the front door and realizes how long they’ve been in the house. The snow is still dancing through the clear air but the thin layer appears to be a lot higher than it was when they pulled up in front of the house some time before. Cas grabs Dean’s bag, heads back to the house and stops to take one look at their house again, taking in the beautiful sight of it.
“I don’t ever wanna lose you cause I can’t survive this shit without you. I can’t get over it without you, I need you Cas. I love you.” Dean mumbles and closes his eyes, tears burning in them.
Cas cups Dean’s face between his hands trying to make the Winchester believe that he didn’t do anything wrong.
“Dean Winchester.” finally. He nearly runs out of the waiting room but manages to hold back just in time to follow the nurse through the hallway and into a nice looking room. “Just sit down there.” she points to a comfortable looking chair and he sits down right away. “The doctor will be with you in just a minute.” he nods and is left alone again.
“There’s- there’s so much I wish I would’ve told you. There’s so much I wish I wouldn’t have done. I- I always loved you Dean. There was never a second that I didn’t. Never. And I’m sorry that I didn’t call in those months. I’m so sorry Dean. I love you and I hope that where ever you might be now, I hope that you know that. I really hope that you can somehow hear me right now.”
“Cas?” Sam asks as soon as the Novak closes the door of the apartment behind him. “What?” his voice is close to a whisper and he can’t really look at the younger Winchester.”What happened?” Cas just shakes his head and disappears into the room he and Dean shared.
Dean looks around the room. Next to the bed, which is placed in a corner, headboard under a big window, is a small night stand with a record player and an old looking lamp on it. On the other side of the room is a closet next to a small desk with some paper and a few pencils on it. Dean recognizes Cas’ drawing and gets up to take a better look at it. He always loved the way Cas’ portrayed things. He never uses any color, just his pencils, ‘makes me more comfortable, he used to say every time Dean asked him.
“It is about Jeremy. Misses Forester called to inform you that-“ Cas stops and Dean keeps staring at him. “Jeremy died yesterday.” Cas whispers and waits for a reaction of Dean.
Since the Winchester never answers his question he just guides him into the Impala and closes the door aft him before he gets in himself.
The room is on the first floor and both men are glad that they don’t have to get upstairs. Cas opens the door and they step into the room. Next to the door is a small window with curtains on each side. On the other side on the left is a door leading into the bathroom and in front of them is a bed standing in the middle of the room only the headboard is moved against the wall. Next to the bed are a small closet and a nightstand.
He can’t really remember how he got to Sam’s apartment without getting the into a car crash. He doesn’t even remember who opened the door for him.
“Hey Dean, please talk to me.” Sam slowly sits onto the bed not wanting to scare his older brother. Dean suddenly sits up and smiles a little but it doesn’t reach his eyes.
“Dean, I’m fine, you’re fine. You’re here, with me, Jess and Cas. No one’s hurting you, not anymore. And I won’t get hurt, I promise.” Sam whispers and pulls his brother into a strong hug.
"I punched the mirrow, must've slit my wrist while I slipped, didn't even recognize it." Dean whispers, eyes closed and all of them pray that the ambulance will arrive any minute.
Even Dean knows that he needs some kind of help to get through all of it but he refuses to completely believe it.
He tried to not think too much about Sam and Jess during the war, he dared not to think about ever kissing Cas again, never thought he would be able to celebrate another Christmas, he never though he would survive any of it.
Another laugh, louder this time. “I’m serious, Dean. You know Cas better than anyone. Just don’t let it go on too long. Radio silence goes to your head.”
Ash scoffs. “Let me tell you a few things about your buddy Castiel.” He holds up three fingers. “First, he likes dick.”
The house is quiet when he eases open his bedroom door and looks down the long hallway. Charlie’s door is closed.
Gahhhhhh!  My wonderful, amazing friend Mari made me this beautiful video to go with my story! Go check it out!
He lays the phone down, hoping for an answer but not really expecting one. After five minutes have passed and his phone is still dark and silent, Dean picks up the guitar and starts the next verse. When the screen finally lights up, a soft buzz against the comforter, Dean forces himself to finish the song before reaching for it.
The walk to the house from the bus stop is short. Dean takes his time, but John is in the foyer when he gets there.
“Dean!” Cas gasps, dropping the brush in shock. Fear, thick and smothering, settles over him. “Are you, is Ben, oh my god, where are you? I’ll come—”
She shrugs. “Ben’s eyes were red and you seemed on edge. You’ve been hovering over him all night like he’s a bomb you think is about to go off. You only do that when there’s already been a meltdown.”
Castiel still hasn’t mentioned Dean’s front door confession, and Dean isn’t sure whether that’s good or bad. If his revelation had done some irreparable damage to their relationship, surely Cas wouldn’t be chatting with him as if it never happened. On the other hand, maybe he has fallen madly in love with that guy Will and he just can’t figure out a way to let Dean down easy without making it awkward. After all, no matter what happens they’ll still need to interact because of Ben. Maybe this was a bad idea.
The diner is that simple staple that exists in almost identical appearance in every city and town in the country. Will doesn’t let go of his hand until they slide into opposite sides of a red-topped booth, the aged vinyl of the seats crackling. After waving away the mention of food, Will orders them both a cup of coffee from a woman who knows him by name. Although Castiel doesn’t normally drink coffee, he’s too enamored by Will’s good humor to contradict him.
Dean sighs. He needs to check out what video games Ben has been downloading. “I don’t think your teacher is trying to start a zombie apocalypse, but we will have a talk with her about following your IEP. So, she wouldn’t let you go to the bathroom. When did you pass out?”
“Hey, bug, you wanna put the dishes on the table?” Dean says, trying to focus on the task at hand. He pulls drinks and bottled marinara sauce from the fridge and sets them on the counter. When Ben jumps up and grabs the plates without Dean needing to ask a second time, he reminds himself how far they’ve come this year, in large part because of Cas.  Just one more thing he’s risking screwing up if things go bad. Dean sighs before closing his eyes and running one hand down over his face.
Dean hangs back a little bit, pretending to read the placard next to a German missile while Cas and Ben walk up ahead. He tries to imagine what the trip would have been like if Cas hadn’t come along. Hell, they wouldn’t even have made it to the museum without a meltdown. Ben says something to Cas, pulling on his sleeve, and Cas bends down to listen to him as he points animatedly at the display. After a moment, Cas stiffens and pats his pocket.
Dean is really glad that isn’t drinking anything, because he’s fairly certain that he would have spit it everywhere. Cas is laughing silently now, the asshole, and Dean can’t even meet his eyes. “Why do you think I wanna hold Cas’ hand?” he manages to spit out.
Dean hears Cas’ voice before he sees him, confusion coloring his words. There’s a sharp bark of laughter and then Bobby’s voice answers, “It’s just a sayin’, Cas.” When Dean walks around the corner, Bobby is chuckling. He fixes his ratty old hat and gives Dean a wink.
They sit like that with Castiel unable to tear his gaze away from Dean’s eyes, until Dean finally flicks his eyes down at the seat between them. As if released from a spell, Castiel fumbles for the door handle and lets himself out of the car. He’s halfway to the house when he hears the car door open behind him.
As usual, Ben chatters nonstop through dinner. Dean tries to pay attention, but he can’t help thinking how much better Cas is at this. He always knows exactly how much to let Ben ramble about his interests versus how much to engage him other topics. Dean has a tendency to let it go on too long and tune him out.
Dean thinks about that for a while and then reflects on everything he and Sam have been through. For eleven years, after the fire that killed their mother, he and Sam’s lives were a maddening cycle of different schools, hotel rooms, crappy apartments, and middle of the night escapes when John wasn’t able to pay the rent anymore. The only bright spot was the sporadic time they spent back in Lawrence with Bobby and Ellen. Those times were bittersweet, though, because Dean would never know how long it would take for John to decide that he needed to run from his demons again. Even after they moved back to Lawrence permanently when Dean was fifteen, it took over a year for Dean to finally believe they were really staying.
“When was the last time you took the time to form an actual relationship with someone you wanted to sleep with?”
Ben starts to make a low keening noise in his throat, so Dean holds him tighter against his chest. He cups Ben’s head with his other hand, trying to block out the sound while Ava glances through the curtain and makes a hurry up motion at Garth. Dean knows his breath is coming more rapidly and he can feel his heart racing so he takes a deep breath to calm himself down. The last thing Ben needs is for Dean to lose it too.
Meg has no such qualms and rolls her eyes hard enough that he’s worried she might actually strain something. “Did you sleep at all last night?”
Cas nods. “You get hard when we kiss, but I didn’t know how to explain why I don’t. I didn’t want you to be angry at me.”
Despite Dean’s willingness to spend almost every night with Cas, regardless of which house they were at, it wasn’t until a tree branch fell and did major damage to the roof on John’s trailer that Cas managed to find a way to push Dean to confront his fear. In retrospect, it made perfect sense. John’s trailer was uninhabitable until the roof was fixed and his landlord didn’t seem to be in much hurry to make it happen. Instead, letting John take over the mortgage on Dean’s little house while Dean and Ben moved in with Cas solved everyone’s issues. While he may have been reluctant at first, he’s never been happier than he’s been for the last two weeks. Spending every day with Cas has definitely been worth it.
Ben thinks about that for a moment before sighing softly. “I miss my mom sometimes too. I don’t remember her so much.”
. It isn’t surprising that the historic district is packed with people on such a beautiful July day.
“The son, actually. Broke his nose, from what I have been told. Not that he didn’t deserve it. He stated in front of everyone that Castiel was responsible for his father’s death, as his choices led to his father’s heart attack. Of course, according to Gabriel, he didn’t say it in such polite terms.” She spits out something that Dean is fairly certain is a Hindi curse word.
Dean drops back against the bed after they leave. The thud of pain through his head is worse than when he woke up, and his chest aches more with each breath. A jittery restlessness moves through him, and his arms and legs twitch under the thin blanket no matter how he tries to hold them still.
“I really need a shower.” he answers and Dean just nods before he closes his eyes again, falling back into a light sleep.
He could never forget that week. How a tired and beaten up looking Dean knocked at his door, tears in his eyes, and asked if he was allowed to stay for a while. He asked Dean to stay longer but he said he had to go back, “Have to take care of Sammy, man.”   and smiled sadly.
“Sorry.” Dean mumbles, his eyes closed while Cas slowly shakes his head. “You don’t need to apologize, Dean. Just- just talk to me.” Dean shrugs his shoulders. “The old wood reminds me of the huts.” Dean whispers, gets up and leaves Cas on his own.
It takes Dean longer than usual to fold himself into the front seat of Charlie's tiny car. He looks out the window as she pulls out of the lot. “There’s more color in your cheeks now,” Charlie says, turning toward downtown instead of south toward the house.
“You gonna slam the door in my face?” Ash asks warily, eyes flicking from Cas down to where Juliet stands at heel. “Or maybe sic your dog on me?”
“I’ve seen enough,” Sam says, punctuating his words with more retching. He follows his wife up the steps and claps one hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I don’t need to be up close for the patented Dean Winchester tonsillectomy.”
Dean keeps his lips pressed to Cas’ neck in denial, but the yawn Cas lets out is so forced that Dean almost calls him on it. “Tomorrow will be a long day,” Cas says, his voice still a husky rasp. “We should get to sleep.”
His victory is short-lived. After a moment of silence, the pounding resumes, more insistently this time, in rapid-fire succession. He can almost imagine that he can feel the door rattling in its frame. The pounding is accompanied by Dean’s voice. Cas can’t quite make out the words but he sounds scared, or angry, or both.
The sound Cas makes isn’t anywhere near a laugh this time. “He was in your house,” he says harshly, “in his underwear, coming from your bedroom.”
Dean swallows his groan and leads her into the shop. Castiel sits on a stool beside the counter, an acoustic guitar propped on his lap. A petite, dark-haired woman leans against the wall beside him, singing along with the tune he’s playing. They look up when Dean and Charlie slip through the door, and Castiel’s bright eyes lock onto Dean. He flashes a quick smile before murmuring something Dean doesn’t catch to the woman. She narrows her eyes and gives Dean an appraising once-over, then nods and takes the guitar from Castiel as he stands up.
Next, Castiel started replacing the manicured formal landscaping with a chaotic cottage garden filled with any kind of flower or accessory that caught his eye. The riot of colors and wild menagerie of stone, glass, and metal creatures made Castiel very happy. The transformation was finally completed this summer when Castiel finished the backyard by adding a pond and beehives. Now, when Castiel sits on the back patio with his tea, he feels peaceful rather than boxed in. After all, it isn’t as if the matriarch of the Novak family will be visiting him in Lawrence anyway. He is expected to return home to Pontiac, Illinois on the appropriate holidays and special occasions instead.
Stacks of both finished and blank canvases line the room, which Cas obviously also uses as a yoga studio from the mats on the floor. Dean takes everything in, the fancy stereo system, the little altar on the bookshelf, and the cabinets full of art supplies. He’s starting toward the first stack of paintings when the unfinished canvas on the easel near the French doors catches his attention.
“Cas, thank god,” Kali breathes as soon as he answers. Her normally smokey voice sounds strained, as if she’s been crying. Cold fear shoots through him
He pushes the blanket away from her sweet, chubby face and grins down at her. She weighs next to nothing in his arms even though Dean said that she’s almost six months old. A rocket screeches through the night, exploding into a bouquet of sparks above the house, but the baby doesn’t even flinch. There’s something about the way she relaxes against him, sure that she is loved and cared for and nothing bad will happen, that makes it hard for Cas to catch his breath.
Dean rolls his eyes, but she kind of has a point. With all the ups and downs over the last year, nearly every person here has had a hand in helping him and Cas either get together or stay together. Maybe this should be a thank you party. “No pretty girl on your arm today?” he says instead, not completely comfortable thinking about the amount of help they’ve needed to get to this point.
He turns away and lifts the hood of the car to cover his embarrassment. Cas steps up alongside him as he pokes his way around the engine compartment, pointing out things that could be upgraded. Although the body is in bad condition, Cas has kept up with the basic maintenance like replacing belts and plug wires, so it’s just a matter of finding the things they can approve upon.
The band is just starting their first set when they arrive. Violet is behind the bar, as usual, her dark hair pulled up into a messy bun on top her head. She offers Castiel a harried smile when she sees him and opens a tab using his card. “Good night to make it out, teacher man,” she teases, setting drinks for Meg and Balthazar on the counter. She adds a third bottle that looks like a wine cooler. Meg raises one eyebrow when Castiel picks it up and takes a sip.
“You’re not listening,” Cas says, his voice sharp. He moves Dean’s hand away from his stomach and starts to sit up, but Dean pulls him back.
Cas stares at him for a few moments. Dean is beginning to wonder if the man is having a stroke, when he shakes his head as if to clear it and answers, “Oh, I, yes, of course. It sounds lovely.”
Cas has made it to the top of the porch stairs and Dean just stares at him. The yellowish glow of the outdoor light casts an almost sickly pallor over Cas’ skin, making the dark smudges under his eyes more noticeable. Cas stops as if he’s afraid to get any closer, so Dean steps back to let him pass into the house.
Will looks hopeful and Castiel doesn’t have the heart to tell him that he’s never seen any of the other Marvel movies, so he just agrees with a smile. They walk back to the truck hand in hand.
They pass the time until the doctor comes back by playing Unblock Me and talking about what Cas and the animals are likely doing. Dean sneaks another text to Cas, who assures Ben he fed the animals and that they’re anxiously waiting for him to get home.
“I don’t know what to do,” Dean admits, his voice gruff. That’s certainly not a sentiment he expresses easily.
“Oh, well, I just—” Castiel can’t seem to find the words he’s looking for, isn’t actually sure what they even are. He’s sure the good-looking man sitting next to him can hear his heart beating erratically. His hand tightens convulsively on his tea mug.
“I love you, Cas, there’s no going back or choosing Ash for me. It’s not a competition,” Dean responds forcefully, leaning forward in the chair. He reaches out for Cas, then pulls his hand back.
Dean chuckles. “I left him the entertainment center. He can get his own giant TV. He’s got a garage now and a roof that doesn’t leak. He should be happy.”
He takes a deep breath and presses the last note. The sound lingers in the surrounding air, and Dean holds the breath until his lungs burn. The note fades as darkness prickles at the edges of his vision.
“I’m just glad to be able to do something to help,” Cas responds, twitching with embarrassment. He’s glad when attention is turned back to the art projects.
“As least tell me you fucked him,” Meg says with a leer, as they turn the corner toward the conference room.
Rather than drive, Dean heads to the pool on foot. The new Mazda M-5 the Campbells gave him when he made the Olympic team is gorgeous, but it’s not worth pulling it out to go three blocks. It would be different if he could take John’s car. He passes by the black ‘67 Impala sitting under the portico alongside the two-story house. Dean runs his hand across the quarter panel, fingertips grazing the clear coat. John and Mary bought the car just after their wedding and it is John’s pride and joy. Dean would give anything to have that car. John promised to give it to him if he wins a gold medal, but that’s looking more and more like an impossible dream.
“Things were fine the last time we talked. We were making plans. You were looking forward to seeing my band play. What changed in—” He stops suddenly, spinning around to face Castiel. “Is there someone else?” His tone is both demanding and entreating at the same time.
Dean holds him, barely paying attention to the animated story playing out on the television. He keeps Ben snug against him with one arm, while his other hand runs gently through Ben’s hair. After a while, though Dean couldn’t have said how long, Ben sighs and relaxes against him. He’d been so caught up in listening to the sound of Ben’s breathing that he hadn’t noticed when he stopped crying.
Dean laughs and the sound has more mirth to it this time. “Yeah, we sure dreamed. We dreamed in just about every car in the yard for about the next year, ‘til I got up the nerve to ask Cassie Robinson out. Lookin’ back, I think I only asked her ‘cause I was pissed that Ash wouldn’t call us anything but friends. He was out and proud of it, but I knew dad would never understand, so he convinced me to keep it a secret. I don’t know if that was the real reason or not.”
That’s why Castiel is surprised when Will suddenly turns serious as they’re waiting for the check. Castiel offered to pay for his own meal, but Will insisted that he cover the bill.
John squeezes Dean’s hand tighter, and Dean looks up into his father’s face again. He licks his dry lips and turns his hand over so he can grip back. “You’ve been there, dad,” he says, his voice rough with the effort of holding back tears. “You pushed me and made me believe I could be more than just a kid from Lawrence, Kansas. Now you gotta let me push myself.”
Making his way to his studio, Castiel strips off the gangster suit and hangs it up in the closet, placing the fedora on the shelf. Changed into soft pajamas, he lights a candle and the incense on the altar. He selects Blur’s
Better than the alternatives. Dean nods and shoves the key in the ignition. He pulls out of the lot with a spray of gravel that would get his ass kicked if Ellen saw.
Dean crushes the card in his hand. Deanna says sometimes when one door closes, another one opens. Is this a door? What would he be giving up if he walks through it? Dean shoves the card back into his pocket and pulls out his phone. His hand shakes when he dials his mentor on the National Team.
