(See the end of the chapter for
From Rosie
Today I had my ferst day with the older students. The teecher said he was amased by my riting and maths skils. I think I am beter even than the older peeple.
I’m so tired.
I hav not figerred out how to send these leters to you becose I do not know were you are or how to find out.
(If I'm wrong about this, let me know, but as far as I know, this is how it would work)
After about 4 sessions with him I finally managed to pick up an old book and read a bit. It’s been seven weeks now and I managed to start a new chemistry experiment a few days ago. I still haven’t been able to answer his questions about you, but on the whole, I’ve been talking more both inside and outside of therapy.
During their sessions, she had taken to asking him about Sherlock once, stopping when John choked on his words, and deciding that no,
Dear Papa
Yours sinsirely
that I feel alone.
It's not like he could blame her. He knew it was a difficult job, taking the place of a long-lost partner. They really were doing the best that they could.
Dear Pa,
Rosie
Dear Papa
I apologise if this is a little convoluted.
He said you were already dead by the time he got there.
P.S from moi: *whispers* your comments and kudos are very much appreciated. Thank you
'What is it, Dad?'
I suppose I only really noticed this today. I got my chemistry test results. I failed.
I wish that you woold be here now from Rosie.
We lerned about how to write a letter to someone and I found out that there is a thing called a signater which is what I put at the end of the letter but that it goes under the other part. I will show you at the end of this letter.
Me and Daddy had a good day. Mrs H came up stairs and gave me a new dress with flowers and Daddy gave me a lot of new books, and one of them was about chemistry, and he gave me a new bee stufed toy and he says that it is frends with the one on the shelff in my bed room. I ran and got the bee on the shelff and said to Daddy that he was the new bees husband and the new bee was now hapy because he had a husband. Daddy looked away at the kichen and so I gave him the old bee and said that he beloned to Daddy but Daddy said that he shoold stay with his husband and I reelised he was rite so I put them togethar on the table and they were hapy.
It was weirdest feeling. I felt vulnerable and exposed. But at the same time, I just wanted to curl in tighter and be comforted. And eventually, we stopped crying. And all of a sudden, Dad was laughing, and I started laughing, too.
And I think that might be the problem.
Yester day Scottie told me that she is not cuming back to school with me next year. She said that her family was taking her back to Ustralia and that she was sorry because she didnt want to go away.
Mrs H is in the hospital. She fell over while sweeping and she broke her hip and hit her head on the counter. I think they said she has a concussion, but I wasn’t really listening.
isn't it funny how just as you think things couldn't be more bleak, something happens and makes it like, even worse
Hapy cristmas Papa,
From Rosie
For the first time in as long as I can remember, I feel alone.
Dear Pa,
Sherlock watched the hand swirling slowly, silhouetted in the beam of Eastern sunlight streaming from the window, in between the plain, white curtains dripping from the rod. The shadows danced and flickered on his face. His eyes were lazy, tired, he breathed out slowly, swimming in contentment, the corners of his mouth turned up in an easy smile.
He doesn't know.
'Rosamund,' she says quickly. 'Rosamund Mary.'
n, and he’s nice, and he specialises in LGBT+ people. Dad sees a psychiatrist now, but he told me that when he had first come out he’d visited Iv
I told him I was transgender. For a long, long moment I held my breath, terrified and waiting. But then he moved in to hug me and he whispered that
He supposes it doesn't matter anyway.
Taking a breath, he extended his arm until his wrist connected with the railing, turning it to angling the jar until ashes streamed from the lip in a scattered, confused waterfall of dust.
Now I know I’m a failure.
Walking up onto the bridge, Sherlock bent down, knees cracking, back aching, until his knees hit the cement. With one hand he clutched the urn while the other worked to screw open the lid.
Dear Sherlock,
And in knowing that, I realise that that’s definitely something worth believing in.
(I'm sorry I haven't been replying to comments for a few chapters. I generally read them within roughly 2 hours -unless I've been asleep- but I'm usually unsure how to respond. I always will eventually, but until then, know that they are all, always, monumentally appreciated)
I remeber that you said that I coold one day grow up big enouf to lite the fire by myself and that I woold also be strong and cappabill. I told Daddy and he seid I would be but I still don’t know that word and what it means.
this stuff? Oh Christ. Fucking
.” Sherlock whispered, and came.
“I doubt Sherlock needs much.” John grinned, elbowing him. “Go on, then. Show us your moves.”
“Legally, yes. But the terms of the family entailment were that following the death of my grandparents and uncle, the estate and collections only passed to Violet in life-rent. Upon her death they will revert to our father or, more probably, to
“Quite interesting, eh? Striking. Gosh. That’s high praise, coming from you. Anything else?” John grinned at Sherlock, who gritted his teeth and glared out the window as if the rolling countryside had offended him deeply and personally.
The detective blinked and shook his head slightly, running his palm around the back of John’s neck. “That doesn’t matter. Let’s just make sure that it’s not the last.”
And it somehow felt like Christmas more than ever before when John watched Sherlock sleepily kicking off his shoes and collapsing into bed beside him; taking time only to pull one of John’s arms around his chest before drifting off. He hadn’t even bothered undressing beyond removing his coat and suit jacket. 221B was still, warm and inexpressibly comforting; sleet pattered quietly against the windowpane. The only light came through the half-open bedroom door, a dim flicker from the fairy lights John had strung haphazardly across the mirror in the sitting room a few days previously. Sherlock was already breathing deeply, the tired lines of his pale face smoothing as he slipped further into sleep.
“Nor I.” Violet said calmly, and he was glad that she didn’t attempt to commiserate. He didn’t want that; he didn’t feel
“Maybe she’ll bring cinder toffee! I bet he’s not allowed that either…”
“And even though it’s so obvious it’s hardly worth stating, I can’t give you that.” Sherlock continued. He took another, deliberate swallow of his tea; determinedly casual. He looked back up at John, fixing him with an icy stare. “And even if I could,
“He said that you approached him, back in 1997. You wrote him a very charming letter, telling him that you wished to make a donation to the museum. That, as an archivist, you would be delighted to arrange the transport and installation of the items, which came from a private benefactor. In return for this very generous donation, you asked for a short contract of employment in their manuscripts department. Does any of this ring a bell, Aunt Violet?”
John wasn’t entirely surprised to see Patrick sitting next to her, sheltering from the falling snow under the branches of the massive yew. He was relieved to see that the young man was wearing his heavy alpaca overcoat and scarf, but his heart sank a little when Patrick didn’t look up.
[Sherlock.]
“So you
Having never taken one before, John had always thought that sleeper trains were a rather charming idea. He liked the idea of drifting into sleep, lulled by the rocking of the carriages, and waking to find a new landscape outside the window.
“Figuratively.” Sherlock said automatically.
John rolled his eyes and doubled back to the bedroom, intending to roll his case out into the hall. He would drop the fish off at Speedys on their way out, he decided. Maybe they could pick up some sandwiches at the same time and some-
“You don’t believe her?” Sherlock asked tonelessly.
Best wishes
Violet’s mismatched eyes were immensely kind as she squeezed his hand. “And that’s fair enough, laddie. But he wouldn’t want you to do that for him. And you don’t need her to become another one of your nightmares.”
John jerked back to awareness of his surroundings. Sherlock was regarding him with an exasperated expression.
speak to her. Don’t even
“So, got everything you need?” John queried.
He simply stared at her, his eyebrows raised. She trailed off, and took a deep breath.
"We looked up Mr. Holmes’ website. And your blog, this afternoon. It’s terribly clever.” She had changed from her blue silk dress of that morning into a pair of form fitting jeans and a loose white blouse that had slipped carelessly off one delicate shoulder. She looked entirely recovered from her earlier indisposition and her skin was faintly flushed from the heat of the roaring fire.
discovered it this morning, when he was retrieving a misplaced article of clothing. He must have mislaid it when we were coming through the undergrowth last night.”
, Sherlock. Damn well take me upstairs and let me do unspeakable things to you before I
“I know, love. I wish we were there, too.”
“There certainly isn’t.” Mycroft said quietly, appearing in the doorway. Anthea dropped her hand immediately and stood as he entered. Her usual languid expression cracked a little as she looked at her employer, one of her hands making an odd little movement towards him. At first glance, Mycroft was as composed and calm as ever; the lines of his suit almost perfect. As he turned to look around the shadowy kitchen, however, John noticed a wide streak of blood on his neck and along the side of his ear. His starched white collar was stained with it, the dark red seeping into the fine cotton. This somehow seemed so much worse than the stains on Violet’s and John’s hands and clothes.
Mycroft nodded once, his eyes lingering briefly on her small hands, her red-streaked fingers. “I will join you shortly.”
They sat in silence for a moment or two, listening to a light rainfall tapping on the panes of glass overhead. Both lost in their thoughts.
Sherlock gripped his elbow. “There he is!”
“Well, is it?”
Love.
“Well... I had been hoping for something a little more criminal in nature.” Sherlock said, rather wistfully. “But it was unexpected, which is always gratifying.”
“Thank you
“We brought supplies.” John interjected, indicating the large shopping bag containing several bottles of Fever Tree, along with the other items Violet had requested.
He was unprepared for the weakness in his legs as he got to his feet, grabbing for the heavy curtain as he staggered. It was too late. After a brief and ridiculous struggle with the drapes, he collapsed on the floor; the blanket trailing messily over his traitorous, wobbling legs.
“That’s our Mr. Brodie.” Violet pointed out. “Buying tea leaves, marmalade, glue, meatballs and shoe polish. He went back in next day to buy the other things for me, including the tonic.”
“WHY DON’T YOU ALL SEE IT?” Miss Argyle shouted, insensed. She stared around at the crowd, who were looking increasingly embarrassed and shocked. “THAT LITTLE BITCH NEARLY KILLED ME! JUST LIKE HER FILTHY WOP OF A FATHER!”
“Are you leaving us so early, Doctor Watson?” he asked politely.
“Mrs Duncan, do you know of anyone who might have wished to cause you some harm?” Sherlock asked, sitting back in his seat and stretching out his long legs in front of him.
John smiled weakly. “You do know that you’re talking to someone with PTSD, right? Getting past stuff like this – it’s not always that straightforward or logical. Sometimes it seems really obvious and sensible on paper… and it just doesn’t work that way. There’s always a risk of something being a trigger for a bad memory; something you might not anticipate despite all of your careful planning.”
John couldn’t bring himself to answer, he was so shocked at this outburst. Sherlock was deathly pale, the hands wrapped around his cup a little unsteady. He was shaking visibly.
Murdy deflated somewhat. “
Sherlock dug around in the detritus of wrapping paper, string and tissue paper before waving a book at John. John squinted in the low light from the fire and the distant lamp, then resisted the urge to bury his face in his hands.
“Hedda had sent him to fetch me; I was to live with them from now on. Philip made it very clear that I was to call him by his name. There was absolutely no question of calling him father or papa. He also made it very clear that he had no intention of being any kind of parent to me. And, you know, I was almost grateful for that. I wouldn’t have had the faintest idea how to react if he’d tried to be any kind of dad. Oh, he was a strange man in a lot of ways. As cold as they come, but he could charm the birds from the trees if it suited him. I learnt in the following days and weeks that he was really quite brilliant. He wasn’t lying when he told my mother that he was a historian; he was an expert in seventeenth and eighteenth century European art and folklore. He had published books, he had worked for several very important museums and galleries in Norway and further afield. He knew exactly how to authenticate almost any kind of document or painting you put in front of him.
“Quite. And why is it torn? Surely she’d be more careful of the address than that. But do you see the
Mycroft dropped his butter knife.
It was nearly completely dark by the time Sherlock had retraced his path to the burnt-out vehicle, gritting his teeth against the frigid cold. He was rapidly losing feeling in his hands and his feet felt strangely wooden, ankles stiff and aching as they plunged through the snow. Finding his way back to the wreckage at the base of the slope was easy; a spire of dark smoke was still drifting upwards although the flames were long gone. It was a struggle to force himself to return to the spot, and Sherlock had to stop and rest several times; chafing his skin and readjusting the hideously scratchy pine boughs he had stuffed under his meagre clothing. The snow had stopped for a while, but the leaden skies promised more on the way. His head throbbed and ached, and nausea billowed through his stomach so persistently that he doubled over and retched several times; his eyes streaming. It was so tempting just to sit down; to retreat into his mind and escape the icy darkening valley.
“Let’s be quite clear, Miss.” Violet said, almost conversationally. “I don’t know you. I don’t give a fuck about you. I’ll hurt you in every way I know how, if it speeds things up. If you give me cheek, if you use this as an excuse to wind John up, I will not hold back. Understood?”
that Patrick wasn’t an enemy. The man was charming, intelligent and was endlessly polite. He seemed genuinely fond of Violet. And yes, although he
“Everything.” John said firmly. “I meant it. I want to try everything with you.”
“Right. I’ll give Mrs. Hudson a ring and tell her not to go back to Baker Street before we do, though. I don’t want her to be on her own in case whoever it was decides to come back.”
“Vi, you probably haven’t noticed the time. You’re supposed to be with the students in five minutes. I suppose they could come down here again, now that we’ve cleaned the place up?” she said, turning to Violet at the window.
to Sherlock. You and I will be having a really very serious conversation if I hear the first bloody
John stared at him, his pulse racing. His mouth suddenly went dry. “I… I don’t…”
“That button was pulled off, along with some of the fibres, approximately ten years ago. It’s the perfect height for a child of four to grab at. Large round buttons; very attractive to small children. Your sisters all wear modern, ordinary clothes that one can buy on any high street; even your sister Euphemia despite her appalling dress sense wears new clothes. But you wear your mother’s coat; your mother’s boots. Interesting.”
Sherlock huddled deeper into his jacket, and his lack of response was what made John eventually turn to face him. His face was so weary, shadows resting in the pained lines around his eyes. He sighed deeply, knotting his grimy fingers together. He opened his mouth, as if to speak; and then closed it again. Shook his head.
did it on purpose!”
“I am aware.” Sherlock said archly, curving his back and slipping a little further down the couch. He gasped a little at the cool touch of Johns fingers as they ran along his perineum, rubbing teasing little circles below his balls. He allowed John to guide one of his long thighs over his good shoulder, grabbing handfuls of the kilt and pushing it untidily out of the way; letting it bunch and tangle around his hips and waist. He made a low, needy sound at the back of his throat as John slid his fingertips back and forth slowly over his entrance, in no hurry to start pushing in. John eased Sherlock’s thighs a little wider, drinking in the sight of him spread out and craving John’s touch.
in its’ entirety to a room full of Greek Orthodox priests. I did a bloody good job of it too, given that I was translating it simultaneously; and I did the actions too. I think my impression of the Jabberwock was a bit too bloodcurdling for some though. And at least three of the venerable gentlemen in the front row fell off their seats when I did the ‘Callooh! Callay!’ bit. You may be wondering how I got myself into such a tricky spot, of course. You see it all started when I accompanied this rather dashing fisherman called Spirodon and his kleptomaniac sister Lugarezia on a skiff between the islands of-“
He felt hands on his own, and looked down. Violet was pressing a chipped enamel mug into his hands, steam swirling from the surface of the liquid. “Come on. Drink it. Here’s one for you too, Mycroft.”
“They’re helping find out who poisoned the tonic, Reverend.” Murdy interjected, stepping closer to the door. “I assumed that you wouldn’t be leaving for the service for another hour or so.”
“Sorry. Had to ask.” Lestrade said, without the faintest hint of apology.
“You too, Dr Watson.” Patrick smiled down at him, covering his hand with both of his own. John forced himself to take note of the fact that Singh’s smile seemed entirely genuine. (And not snooty at all. See? Not a
“Right.” he said bluntly, coming to a halt a few feet away from her. She looked up, her well-shaped dark eyebrows raised expectantly. She still looked nervous, but seemed to be pulling herself together. “Mary, you can’t be here. Whatever it is, it’s got nothing to do with me. You’ve got to go.”
“Mere fuel.” he declared haughtily, but a brief scuffle ensued between he and Violet when she attempted to withhold his plate.
John bristled slightly at this, but he was too distracted and on edge to care too much. He nodded briefly and got stiffly to his feet, wiping the perspiration from his face with his sleeve. He dimly felt a hand that he supposed was Violet’s, slipping into his own. She tugged at his arm and pulled him out of the door. His last glimpse of Patrick was blurred, the men’s hands darting feverishly over his bloody, motionless form. A third medic arrived and began to set up an IV before deftly inserting a cannula into Patrick’s wrist.
“What are you up to, Sherlock?” John asked curiously.
The tattooed youth with the knife raised an incredulous eyebrow, and spat messily on the rug. He muttered something almost inaudible, which his cohorts ignored. In his cursed, muddled state Sherlock was unable to put together a precise translation, but gathered that he found the idea of answering to a female rather laughable. What caused Sherlock a sudden crackle of unease, however, was that he was almost sure the man spoke in Armenian.
A crowd had begun to gather around them. There were sirens, loud, growing louder.
"Do be serious for once."
"Um," she says. She folds her hands, sliding her thumb along the bare skin on her ring finger. Her expression is troubled. "What?"
"Bad timing, as I said," Sherlock said. He shrugged. "The killer couldn't risk being recognised and tied to the murder he'd just committed, hence the—" he mimed stabbing, perhaps a bit more forcefully than necessary.
"An unfortunate oversight."
Sherlock swallows, looks back at the screen. He feels uncomfortably exposed, vulnerable.
"Come on," he said, skirting around the counter and taking her arm.
"Right," John said. He was still smiling, his interest clearly caught in spite of himself. "Well. Do I have time for another cup of tea before the cavalry arrives?"
John kissed him. Sherlock shut his eyes and let himself feel it, the soft press of his lips, the warm slide of his tongue, the slight tug of dry skin. The urgency was gone, the wild vibrating tension, the mad
John had no idea what that slow, patient, somber voice was meant to convey. "Do you want to be?" he asked, before he could stop himself.
"Well. He's your brother. Bit odd for him not to be there, yeah?"
Carefully, slowly, John lifted their joined hands to his mouth, pressed his lips against Sherlock's knobby knuckles. He squeezed Sherlock's fingers, gentle, reassuring.
Victoria took the first dressing room. John watched her go. Lily and Evie followed, leaving him by the large mirror with Sherlock and Janine.
Unbidden, he thought of Reginald Teller and his ill-fated bouquet, his bride-to-be's despairing social media post.
Lestrade shrugged again, looked away. The gesture seemed practiced, a forced attempt at nonchalance.
"John."
Hallucinations.
And then? And then she'd—she'd do something.
Originally posted
CLOSED, the sign now read. It seemed a more permanent proclamation. The door remained locked.
John paused.
"That's—" John cleared his throat, shifted in his chair. "A lot of eyes."
John finished his coffee, set the mug down in the sink with a bit too much force. Rinsed it out.
He closed the app without accepting or declining the invitation. Put the phone back in his pocket. He'd think about it later.
"Funny how?" he demands.
It was easier, keeping Sherlock at bay. She feared he might figure her out, one day. That he might look at her and know what she'd done.
Evan had not wanted to go to war. Evan had simply wanted to get away, had wanted to squirm out from beneath the weight of familial expectations. The army had given him a chance to do that. But he'd been ill-suited for it, right from the start.
"No one has thought that for quite some time."
And then they were running, side-by-side as fireworks lit the night sky overhead in a cascade of brilliant light.
This is not a prank. Disassembling a human body is difficult, messy work. No level of inebriation would account for this.
"He seemed to feel it was very important that they all get on," she said. She pursed her lips, shook her head.
"And you're getting out. Tonight."
Sherlock had made a sound, a soft noise in the back of his throat that he could not quite choke back. His senses were firing at full speed, noticing, cataloguing,
"Mm, looking forward to it after all this rain," she said.
have a sweet tooth."
"Right," John says again. "That would be due to the, erm, substance abuse and poor impulse control."
digging. Crowded close together in the aisles, perusing boxes and crates and piles. A self-contained treasure hunt, albeit one without any kind of map.
But it wasn't the distance. Of course it wasn't. He knew that.
"Pretty sure, yeah," he said.
"Ghosts. The search history on your laptop. You were seeing ghosts."
John's hands in his hair, wrenching his head up away from his neck to claim his lips with his own. John's hips, rising to meet his. They were older, yes, but not old, not yet. Not yet. Not yet.
John huffed, shook his head, looked down at the ground. Fought against the urge to smile. He cleared his throat, lifted his gaze to meet Sherlock's. "You literally married someone else. Yesterday!"
There is not enough time for him to ask for everything he wants. To ask for Sherlock in his arms, in his bed. The screen flickers again. Something begins to beep, a frantic, repetitive sound.
"Why do you ask?"
"It's really not that easy to break into a secret government base."
"All right, so he was moved quickly."
He returned from reconnaissance to discover that someone had been in his room. They had not been subtle about it. His bag has been turned inside out, his mattress gutted. Limp feathers drooped out of the massacred remains of his flimsy pillow.
Sherlock glances at him, looks away. "Caught one of your morning forecasts the other day. At the motel."
He looked out the window. It had begun to snow. When they were kids, he and Harry used to close their eyes and make a wish every year on the first snowfall.
"Might want to hold off on any hasty engagements," he persisted. "They rarely work."
[You tell me, genius.]
“’Scuse me, Ma’am. I’m looking for Mrs. Duncan? Has she been in here?”
“Kathy?” John asked. “Do you mean Miss Argyle?”
“Yes, er. That’s me. Sorry for raiding the cupboards, by the way.”
“Not bloody likely!” John snapped, his eyes flying open. Glancing down, he saw Sherlock’s erection which was so swollen that it looked almost painful. His gradually slowing heart rate skipped a beat, and he swallowed hard, still faintly tasting the remnants of his own come.
He was wrapped in a dull fury, mingled with fatigue; he was just so utterly
At first the ruined passenger seat seemed immovable, the crumpled mass of metal supports, springs and shredded filling refusing to budge as he hauled on it with all his might. His muscles screamed silently as he pulled, his fingers darting around, exploring, trying every fingerhold they could find.
“Mrs. Duncan fell into the river last night, after receiving some kind of message about a lost child along the river bank. It was clearly designed for her to see; although she ended up in the water before she discovered it.” Sherlock elaborated, evidently deciding not to reveal Murdy’s role in Mrs. Duncan’s rescue. “She was taken back to hospital in Aberdeen last night.”
“I reckon we’d better go home.” said Griz, wearily. “Come on, Murdy.”
“Really, George.” Hilary said softly, breaking the silence. “That’s... a little unfair. Don’t you think?”
She stood behind the kitchen chair, her well-manicured hands on either side of the headrest. Mary didn’t move, until Violet sighed and prodded her meaningfully in the small of her back with the Sig. Reluctantly, Mary edged into the chair; evidently uncomfortable at having her back to Anthea.
“We need to go. Now.” John ordered them both. “We’ll wait in the spare room til he’s in the kitchen, and then sneak downstairs and out the front.”
John huffed a laugh and swooped down to kiss him, finding Sherlock’s ridiculous mouth yielding and warm as it opened under his. It was messy and fond, slightly stale from the night and John couldn’t help the way his lips kept curving into a smile as they moved against Sherlock’s. He couldn’t help it, the way he still found such delight in finally having this, the simmering joy he felt as he sank into these embraces. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and straddled his long thighs after clumsily kicking off his own pajamas. The way that Sherlock responded to him now, pliant, relaxed and eager made his heart soar slightly. He seemed so willing to give himself up to sensation, without watchfulness or mistrust. John didn’t need to worry about the way he tightened his arms around him any more; he rarely second-guessed whether or not he was going too far in the way he let the weight of his body lie upon Sherlock’s.
“I don’t think Sandra would like to be remembered like that, Phyllis.” John said quietly, after a pause.
The sound of shattering glass, and a heavy thump. Narek emerged from the room, glaring at his boss.
“We could use this, you know.” Violet said thoughtfully.
John stared at the scrap of paper, taking it carefully from Sherlock’s deft fingers.
Sherlock grinned cheerfully. “It does give you a nice motive though, doesn’t it? I mean, Sandra was pregnant with the child of your fiancé. Your fiancé with the rich father and a title to inherit. Might have complicated matters for you, surely?”
The barrage began. Two slight figures suddenly popped up like jack-in-the-boxes from behind the wall; the first snowball hurled in their direction missed John by a hair; but the second hit him squarely in the chest. The next one glanced off Sherlock’s elbow and exploded messily against the cottage wall. Rab and Pruny Antonelli were obviously well practised at this kind of ambush; they clearly had a hoard of pre-manufactured snowballs hidden behind the wall.
“Nervous?” Sherlock murmured, his eyes softening.
” Violet nearly spat, sitting down again and crossing her legs tightly.
He paused and looked down at Sherlock, who had opened his eyes and was regarding him with a penetrating gaze. He didn’t seem inclined to say anything else just yet, and after a moment, John slid back down under the covers so that they faced each other.
“They’re gone.” he said softly, after a long moment. Sherlock didn’t move, his face pinched and twisted. Very slowly, John slipped across the wide bench seat and wrapped his arm around Sherlock, pulling him down so that his forehead came to rest on John’s shoulder. He was rigid in the awkward embrace, seeming unable to let go of John’s arm where it was trapped between them.
“That sounds like the beginning of an interesting story.”
“Holiday!” John interjected, feeling the need to break the tension even if it meant he was going to sound like an idiot yet again. “Sherlock promised me a bit of a holiday. I haven’t been in Edinburgh for years. Lovely place. Haven’t even gotten around to having a deep fried mars bar yet, either. Shame, really.”
“Do you still want to have sex with me?”
John had never fancied himself as the kind of chap who would welcome flowers or poetry. But something in his heart melted a bit when he overheard Sherlock explaining in great detail to a determinedly straight-faced Mrs. Hudson about how she shouldn’t bring them fruit cake any more because John didn’t like sultanas, that what John
” Katy asked curiously.
John rested his forehead against the back of Sherlock’s warm neck and inhaled deeply; that same complex smell. The scent that was Sherlock, and life, and home.
“Fine. Fine! Just don’t go overboard and start arranging apprenticeships for the twins with South American drug cartels as a treat, okay?”
“Sherlock?” John asked warily, after a minute.
[Perhaps.]
“Dear god.” John muttered, and sighed. “Hang on, is that a car?”
Murdy gave Violet a dubious look but evidently decided not to pursue the line of enquiry. She began to shrug on her coat, which was slung over the back of her chair. “OK then. I’ve got to go now. Can I help some more later though?”
Turning a corner, a handful of female voices could be heard coming from the furthest end of the passage. On closer inspection, there were three figures sitting on a row of plastic chairs outside Mr. Antonelli’s ward. Three girls sat, two of them swinging their legs in tandem and the third curled up with a large book.
Miss Argyle gave him an appraising look. “You’re up from England, I take it, Mr. Sherlock?”
“Oh.” John blinked. Patrick didn’t seem upset, but he suddenly seemed terribly tired. “Patrick, I’m sure that Mycroft-“
“Garcia!” he announced, impatiently untangling one of his jacket sleeves from a thorny branch. “There’s another student called Garcia, Violet forgot to mention him earlier. He left in the middle of last week, but he’d been studying here since the middle of July. I’ve just been talking to the gardener and he told me that he suspected that Sandra and Garcia had been ‘carrying on’ for a while back in August.”
“Careful, John.” Sherlock said, raising a warning hand. “Look.”
Nobody seemed inclined to linger over dessert, a rather lumpy looking treacle tart and custard that Margaret dumped unceremoniously in the middle of the table.
“If he does, I’ll have a word with him.” Violet promised. “I think you should probably give him the benefit of the doubt, though. Anyway, I think we’d better go and have a look for a dress or something for you to change into – you can’t dance in a big wooly jumper and jeans.”
Patrick looked at him, wearing an unreadable expression. After a moment or two he nodded, and gingerly stepped back.
The Reverend seemed to founder slightly, and shut his mouth with a snap. A faint blush raised in his cheeks. “Um. No, of course not! She’s never been poisoned before, obviously.”
“It’s good to see that you’re up and about again,” John said, coming to lean against the counter. “I’ll bet you’re glad to be home.”
, not in a million years-“
. But the goodness in John Watson was a separate thing; something that glinted off his skin and ran through his hair and as far as Sherlock could tell, coated the very bones of the man. The goodness in his face was evident at the moment, and it was almost painful to behold.
was it that was so entirely innocent, John?”
All thoughts on Patrick Singh were banished from John’s mind when he returned to Baker Street, to find Sherlock ‘packing’ for them both. By the time John had extricated the microscope, extensive chemistry equipment and for some reason, a large plastic bag with six live goldfish from his suitcase and replaced them with sensible warm clothing it was almost time to leave for the station.
“Why on earth would I need them on a card? Fresh grated ginger. Walls vanilla ice-cream, but only the stuff they made between 1984 and 1997. Pirastro Oliv rosin. Gun oil. Bitter almonds. ”
The soles of Sherlock’s feet were cold as they bumped against his. At first he thought that this was yet another accidental collision, but they didn’t move away. After a moment he let his own feet relax again, and gently pressed his soles back against Sherlock’s.
“Any time, Murdy. You know you’re always welcome.” Violet said with a smile. “We’ll see you later. Give my regards to your dad.”
“I won’t be dancing at
“Well either he really believes that she’s a drunk.” she said eventually, twisting the end of the sash of her dressing gown between her skinny fingers. “Or… or he’s lying.”
“Sherlock?” his voice cracked as he said it, throat hoarse from cold and calling out that name. “Sherlock, love. Darling idiot. Please…”
“Oh, god. Oh... Sherlock. Oh!” Sherlock kissed him once again, nipping briefly at his lower lip. His eyes were heavy-lidded and hazy, and he slid down to suck sharply at John’s left nipple.
“John!” Mycroft called several minutes later, his voice hoarse and strained. He was several feet away, his torch trained on a rocky outcrop.
“Murdy, you saved a woman’s life earlier. The gloves don’t matter in the slightest,” John said gently. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
Sherlock’s hand was in Johns as they walked, and he only let go when it was time to push the heavy double doors open. Their room was cold, like the rest of the house and John hastened to light the fire that was laid in the grate. Sherlock looked around the room, staring at the old alchemical prints and wired skeletons left behind by his teenage self. The bed had been made, blankets folded neatly at the foot. All signs of disorder had been erased, no doubt by Violet’s daily cleaning ladies.
Jameson’ mouth pinched into an even angrier line. “Out. Now. And the pair of you can bloody stay out.”
at her again.”
“Indeed.” Murdy Antonelli confirmed, unsmiling.
He heard Sherlock give a characteristic impatient huff and felt his shoes being untied and removed. Seconds later he felt the blanket from the foot of the bed being pulled out from underneath him, and thrown over him. He should have been surprised at this consideration, but all he could muster was a slightly pathetic sense of gratitude.
John yawned and sighed, gingerly pushing himself out of bed and wincing at the cold room. He wrestled a thick sweater over his pajamas and stretched lazily as he peered out of the window, taking in the latest heavy fall of snow and the motionless expanse of garden and fields. The river had frozen over almost completely, and closer inspection of the window itself revealed a faint film of ice on the inside of the pane. He was tempted to slide straight back between the warm sheets and wrap himself up in Sherlock’s ridiculously long arms again, but the bathroom and a pressing need for tea drove him from the room after donning a thick pair of socks.
Yes, I like T1 too…”
“But-“ John protested, still aching to follow the figures into the water. Mrs. Duncan was no longer visible; he couldn’t tell if this was due to the darkness and the speed in which she had been pushed downstream, or if she had already been pulled under the surface. His skin crawled as he watched Murdy kick through the water. She seemed to be a reasonably strong swimmer, but for how long? The water was frozen along the banks and must be barely above freezing point beyond and she was weighed down by her clothes.
“Of course not.” Murdy said, sounding a little insulted. “I didn’t want to disturb the evidence. I would have left it in the reeds and come to find you first, but I was worried that it might get washed away. There’s been a bit of a thaw this morning.”
Violet gasped quietly and reached for his arm but he shook her off without looking round.
He grasped Sherlock’s hand and helped him up, before making his way slowly across the snow. He was careful not to mar the prints, holding his phone at arms length to illuminate the trail ahead.
“I’m teaching Patrick how to bake.” Violet said, rather unnecessarily. She watched him scrape the last remnants of cake mix out of the bowl with a certain amount of pride and no little amusement.
“I’m a
me.” Sherlock whispered, raising a hand to John’s face and running his thumb across his cheekbone. “Better than anyone.”
back there. It’s obvious they were the only officers available to investigate the tip.”
It took Sherlock a shamefully long time to force himself to look directly at the spot where he had last seen the injured youth, his gaze skittering around the melted and refrozen snow and scorched paint. He experienced a strange, horrible lurch when he saw that the space was empty; the rear door pushed wide and hanging by one protesting hinge. His core temperature seemed to drop by several degrees, the taste of bile intensifying in his mouth. He couldn’t hear John’s voice any more; stunned into silence while a bizarre white clamour filled his mind.
“They didn’t- I mean. He’s-“ Violet murmured softly. “Oh god, please tell me?”
“I am not entirely-“ Patrick started to murmur.
“Murdy, though. She’s an interesting one.” Violet said thoughtfully, flopping back down on one of the cushions that littered the hearthrug. “I think she’d burn down the whole village if it meant she’d get out of it. Understandable, really – it’s not easy being stuck in the country when all you want to do is get to the nearest city you can find. She got a scholarship to a boarding school in Edinburgh last year, but her dad wouldn’t hear of it. Said she was too young to leave home. Shame, really. She barely spoke for a month afterwards. Apparently Mr Brodie found her in the old treehouse in the west garden, throwing knives at the wall.”
“We’ve finished our books! And Murdy won’t let us have any of the ones Reverend Duncan lent her until she’s finished. And I really wanted to read the one about that prince bloke, but she gave it back to him before I could! Toni won’t drive us to the library in Muckle Gleikit either, the rotten cow!”
her look seemed to say, and John felt his mouth stretch into a helpless grin, feeling his face flush a little. His hand dropped down to squeeze Sherlock’s bony ankle and he huffed a quiet laugh into his glass of wine. Across the carriage, the woman was attempting to create some order in the mess of papers, smiling in a fond and exasperated way at her husband, who was patting all his pockets in a desperate attempt to find his glasses.
John stared down, almost as entranced by the sight of Sherlock’s hand around his cock as he was by the slow smooth motion Sherlock was using on him. After a moment or two Sherlock cupped his face with his free hand and smiled at him, with an edge of dark fun.
“Was Mary with them?” John asked helplessly. “She’s behind this. Christ I’m such an idiot! What the hell was I thinking, going out into the grounds with her?”
“No, not particularly.” he admitted.
“Hey!” Pruny bellowed. “Who threw that?!”
“Well, I was warming up to shooting her in the knee.” Violet explained, reluctantly letting go of Mary’s hair and watching her sag slightly. John risked a look at Mary’s face, which was taut and blank. She hadn’t uttered a sound after the initial cry she had given when Violet seized her hair; but he could tell that keeping silent had cost her a considerable effort.
“Miss Argyle thought that the Antonellis must be behind the poisonings, because they’re Italian.” John interjected.
to cook? I mean, you taught him to cook like
“That old bitch Miss Argyle!” she spat, and without another word she turned and sprinted out of the alley.
“And it was all simply
Violet glared and smacked the back of his head before wrestling the bowl back from him. “Show him, Murdy.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Go on.”
Violet, overhearing this as she turned back to John and Sherlock, half-laughed and took a swig from her own glass. She cast a stormy look at Mycroft. “You never said a truer word. Fucking Mycroft Holmes: Half Iago; half Fu Manchu. All
John risked a quick glance around Sherlock’s shoulder. Patrick had his back to them, and was talking to an older red-haired man with a florid face. He was probably in his sixties, and wore a heavy looking green waxed jacket. The man did indeed look suspicious; although he seemed to relax slightly when Patrick leaned a little closer to whisper something to him.
“You moved to Hilderbogie from Stirling some time ago.” Sherlock said from behind steepled fingers. “Eighteen years?”
“Vi, this is both tedious and
“Maybe you could go and study somewhere else for a while? Travel, or something? It’s a big world out there.”
“Look, John…I don’t want to be here any more than you want me here.” Mary said pleadingly. “I’m so sorry. But this does concern you. Please, just… could we just walk a bit? I’m freezing my arse off here and I need to get my blood moving again. Can we just walk for a few minutes and have a talk like we used to? It always seemed easier that way.”
John lowered the shutters in the small stuffy compartment, before taking a long shower in the tiny cubicle. He managed to restrain personal injury to a whacked elbow and knee as he moved around the berth and got ready for bed. He tried both narrow bunks and decided that both were equally uncomfortable before wriggling under the sheets. He left one small light on, and fought the urge to slip into sleep; soothed by the movement of the train. It was surprisingly quiet; and he supposed that he must be one of the few passengers still awake.
The woman raised an eyebrow. She was stout, sandy-haired and perhaps around forty-five, wearing a thick gardening apron over a pair of worn jeans and a dark red t-shirt. When John appeared, she had brandished the syringe in a rather intimidating manner but she seemed to relax slightly at his obvious confusion.
In block capitals, it read: “ST ANTHONY’S. RED. 11PM.”
Not deliberately, no. Of course not. And it wasn’t as if John hadn’t drunk to excess or smoked the odd joint as a teenager. But if you introduced someone like Sherlock to such pleasures, someone who certainly had all the hallmarks of an addictive personality; could you be held accountable in some way? Could the cannabis have acted as some kind of gateway, the first steps of the path that led towards the cocaine?
Basil swallowed convulsively. “I. Er. That is to say, I’m not entirely sure what you’re alluding to, Mr. Holmes.” he tried, valiantly.
“I hate this.” Mr. Antonelli said quietly. “I really do. I can’t stand that someone despises me so much that they’ll do such things. Poor Mrs. Duncan, is she going to be alright?”
Sherlock leaned even nearer and John’s heart stuttered in his chest. Sherlock tipped his head to one side and whispered
“Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock said coolly, sweeping forward with an outstretched hand. Despite the fact that the detective was rather dusty from crawling around behind the counter and his scarf was hanging from one shoulder; he managed to transform from slightly dishevelled to overtly intimidating in less than a second. He towered over Dalziell and smiled at him grimly. “I believe that you were one of the victims?”
“Do you think they heard that?” John breathed, staring horror-struck into Sherlock’s face. He had a very nasty feeling he had squashed a goldfish or two.
“Hey!”
. His phone would chime repeatedly until he would consent to look at it or somebody would ring the doorbell.
“Gosh.” John said, after a moment during which he wondered if it would be a bit creepy to ask Violet if she kept all of her old drawings. “Um.”
“After all, you eventually learnt the error of your ways, didn’t you?”
“Hmm.”
She shrugged a little awkwardly, cupping her left elbow in her right hand. She blew a great plume of dark smoke towards the ceiling and spun abruptly on her heel. “Come on, rotten article. You wanted to see these photos, didn’t you?”
“John, I’d open the windows if I were you.” Sherlock said tersely, crouching down to examine the corpse of Freddie Garcia. John forced himself to move, operating the catches on the windows above the nearby sink and in the small living room area. He didn’t look at the body until he had finished this task, still breathing shallowly through Sherlock’s scarf.
Violet sighed and poured some more wine into the heavy crystal glass in front of John before topping up her own. She pushed back her own seat a little so that she could slouch back and cross her legs comfortably. “Well
Sherlock inhaled sharply, and shut his eyes. Eventually he nodded a little jerkily, and murmured: “Yes.”
As John slowly managed to pull himself together, he managed to tear his eyes away from Sherlock’s hands and up to his face. Sherlock smiled at him grimly as their eyes met. His face was tense and his brow was furrowed, but he seemed to relax a little as John came back to himself. John noticed that Sherlock’s hair was dripping wet and soaking through the shoulders of his t-shirt, which was sticking to him rather a lot.
Sherlock retrieved the heavy iron key from the bird-feeder and unlocked the glass-panelled door with a loud creak. John held up his phone to use it as a torch, illuminating the greenhouse with a slightly ghostly blue glow.
Violet ignored him. “He said he’d been doing a bit more painting, which surprised me. I never thought he was all that interested, although he’s really very good. I invited him here for Hogmanay, as well. Thought we might do a bit of work together.“
He poured some of the dark, slightly medicinal smelling shampoo out of the bottle and into his palm, carelessly dropping the heavy bottle over the side one more. When he began to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, he was careful not to let his hands tangle in the curls. He instinctively knew that this was another small act of trust, Sherlock asking him to do this.
The chain link fence and razor wire stretched around the entirety of the caravan dealership, and Sherlock studied it minutely as he made a circuit of the premises. John was much more interested in making sure that nobody spotted them, and kept a sharp watch in both directions. There were no lights on at all in the shabby building inside the fence, and an air of prolonged neglect hung over the place.
Patrick was beautifully dressed for the cold, in a long grey overcoat with a light blue cashmere scarf loosely looped around his neck. It accentuated the golden tone of his skin.
“I smell like river mud.” Sherlock muttered darkly.
“Don’t worry, I’m reasonably certain she’ll start insulting you before long.”
Violet finished glazing the bread and wiped her hands carelessly on her kimono. “It really was an awfully long time ago. We’ve both grown up a hell of a lot since then, and that bloody accident. I’ve missed the great clod. It gladdens my heart to have him here, even at such an utterly rubbish time.”
Biceps stopped suddenly, turning his head at the noise of Patrick’s footsteps. In a split second, he had dropped Sherlock to the floor and had reached for his own weapon; concealed in a holster under his left arm. He advanced into the room without a word, leaving Sherlock gasping on the stone floor in pain and horror. He only dimly heard the gunshot, but the noise seemed to echo around his head endlessly, rolling and reverberating like a dropped coin. [No. No. NO.]
John watched in fascination as a curvy red haired woman of around medium height launched herself at Sherlock, who seemed a little startled but extremely pleased as he folded his arms around her shoulders.
“I believe that you gentlemen are helping the police with the poisoning, then?” she asked, fussing a little fretfully with the collar of her knitted bed-jacket and looking between Sherlock and John anxiously.
(I fucking love you, you complete prat. But sometimes I forget that that means I’ve handed you the ability to shoot me in the heart.)
Sherlock dropped the sheet of paper over the edge of the bed and wriggled round to face John, his eyes gleaming.
“Sherlock?” John murmured quietly. He knew the consequences of disturbing one of his flatmate’s more serious trains of thought (epic sulking at the very least). “Sherlock, are you in?”
John stared at the spot on the map, heart pounding, undecided. Mycroft would already be on his way back to their rendezvous point. But surely it would be worth just a few more minutes search, just to be sure. It couldn’t be more than another mile at the most. He couldn’t leave any stone unturned, not now that he’d come this far.
“Sorry, Hil.” Basil said sheepishly, and attempted to slump back down. “Would you like us to come and talk to you now, old boy?” he asked John.
, Sherlock!” John hissed, undecided whether to give in to an imminent fit of giggles or to hide beneath the covers in abject embarrassment. “For pity’s sake!”
. I’m glad I charged him double what everyone else is paying for tuition fees now.”
“Don’t be long, eh?” John bent to kiss Sherlock’s forehead, and managed to collide with his nose as Sherlock aimed for his mouth. “Ouch!”
“Nobody’s ever done it to me before.” Sherlock said quietly, reaching out and skimming his hand gently down John’s side. “Stop worrying. I’ve got nothing to compare it to.”
Reverend Duncan shook his head, his face tense and anxious. “She discharged herself this morning and took a taxi back without telling me. When she arrived, she looked fit to drop but insisted that she was better; that she couldn’t neglect her parish duties any longer. I thought I’d convinced her to go and have a lie-down upstairs but when I went to bring her a cup of tea her coat was gone and she wasn’t there!” he wiped his palm across his well-groomed silver beard and sighed. “She’s really in no fit state to be out and about, not in weather like this. She’s not well enough yet to even be home, not by half.”
, anyway.”
school this year, then? That must be inconvenient.” Violet remarked in an off-hand manner. “I can tell by your wrists and neck that you’ve worn three different school uniforms within the last few months.”
For a long minute he didn’t hear anything. He became slowly aware of the fact that he was clenching his fists so tightly his fingernails were in danger of puncturing the numb skin of his palms. “Sherlock! For christs sake
Sherlock paused, just inside the door. The downstairs hallway was dimly lit, as Mrs. Hudson had left for her sister's cottage in Devon earlier that day. John was left standing outside in the rain, and he crossly poked Sherlock between the shoulder blades to allow him inside.
us that he was sure that none of my family had anything to do with it!” She wiped her nose clumsily with her sleeve. “And I was
“Oh, um. Well, I don’t know. It’s not an actual list I keep written down.” John’s eyes flickered open and gave him a half smile before sipping gingerly at his tea and wincing at the temperature of it. He licked a drop of it from his lower lip and hummed thoughtfully. “Grass, just after it’s been mowed. That’s good.”
John went and peered out through the thick greenish glass, spying blurry footprints in the deep snow. “Must’ve gone out for a walk earlier. Poor bloke, doubt he slept all that well.”
teach them cooking and sewing?” Sherlock asked, wide-eyed. John was quite tempted to kick him.
“You and uncle Sherry never-“
a jumper.” He added, a little accusingly.
Phyllis glanced up and smiled distractedly as he passed her chair, before resuming her conversation with Katy about her imminent trip north to the Highlands.
The snow was beginning to fall more thickly, carpeting the scattered gravel of the drive once more. Two helicopters stood outside, their engines silent and cockpits empty. Mist had crept in from the river, slipping slowly and relentlessly across the lawns and hedges of the grounds. The only sign of life was in the sudden flurry of a trio of inky-black crows, ascending from the upper branches of a nearby pine. He watched the incessant fall of heavy flakes, his hot hand cooling against the thick greenish glass of the window; trying to ignore the sick ache in his stomach. At least they now knew where the men were headed. He could already hear Anthea on the phone, ordering some unknown agency to make haste towards Invergordon.
“What were you up to?” he asked curiously, glancing up at Violet.
“True. But Freddie was a man, and it is eminently clear that George Marmaduke has little time for the platonic company of women – he is almost as much of a misogynist as dear Miss Jessop. And, significantly, Freddie Garcia was a talented artist with the potential for success. Far more so than George himself. I rather think that he was prepared to be friendly towards Garcia, on the basis that he could be associated with a rising star of the art world. And I’m quite sure that Freddie would make a point of staying friendly with a man who could supply him with recreational drugs and from whom he could borrow money.” Sherlock paused, and extracted a small parcel from the bottom of the box using two fingers wrapped in a handkerchief. He hummed in a satisfied manner and waved it at John, who recognised the green plastic wrapping; identical to the small parcel they had found under the bed in the studio. “Splendid. Of course, chemical analysis can confirm the fact that both supplies came from the same batch. But the wrappings and the exotic nature of the drug provide ample evidence for the time being. We had better replace this, though; that blithering idiot Menzies will need everything spelt out for him.”
“Murdina! What on earth-?”
John really shouldn’t have cheered up at that piece of news, but he couldn’t help it.
“Are you enjoying this?” Sherlock murmured in his ear, a little breathlessly as John kissed his neck.
Sherlock’s gasp was almost inaudible, and John grinned as the surface of the water rippled around them. “It’s true. I was looking at your cock last night and imagining it inside me. How it’s going to feel when you push inside my arse.”
Violet didn’t exclaim over this fact, but ran a keen eye over Murdy; no doubt making some internal judgement on the girl’s mental state. Murdy didn’t seem to notice this, and to John she seemed more cheerful than he had ever seen her.
“I am
“This!” Sherlock tapped the bottom left of the canvas. “There’s obviously something underneath it. It’s not lying flat on the floor; there’s at least a millimetre’s gap here. Honestly!”
She made a visible effort to pull herself together, squeezing Sherlock’s hands as she pushed them away. “Sorry. Sorry. It’s always vile to find out that you’re not quite as cool and blasé as you’d like to be. I think I’ll leave you two boys to it. I could do with a big gin and a little lie-down.” She smiled wanly and headed slowly towards the door, clearly making an attempt not to look in the direction of the bench again. “Katy and the students are all at a show at the Royal Academy in town; I shouldn’t think that they’ll be back until around eight so don’t worry about running into them until later. You’re in the green room on the second floor, it’s easy enough to find. Come and have a drink in the library before dinner, and you can tell me all the clever things you’ve figured out. Alright?”
, John. I fell asleep at some point, which was utterly stupid of me. But when I woke up the next morning, I found this shawl draped around me. Violet hadn’t.... she hadn’t wanted me to get cold.” He trailed off, his voice getting slightly huskier. “And I was so glad, because it proved that it hadn’t all been something I’d just imagined or hoped would happen. It had been... real.”
“That’s the spirit!” Mr. Brodie said cheerfully, opening the door. “Right; I’m off. Come on, Scunner! So long, folks!”
“Is she alright?” he heard a tall bearded man murmur.
When he blinks his eyes, the world comes back into focus and his memories offer themselves back to him. He doesn't smile when he remembers where he is- what he's doing; why all of this is happening.
(See the end of the chapter for
I barely managed to get out of bed this morning. The heaviness in my chest is only getting heavier, and the exhaustion is only getting stronger, and all I want to do is sleep forever.
After a wile Daddy stoped talking so I played with redberd instead and it was fun, I think Daddy was angry again because you didnt cume home when he was expeckting it like I was and so he was waiting until you came so he coold yel at you again. I dont want Daddy to yell again like he yeled at me when I broke the glars because that was scairy and I think you woold be sad if Daddy yeled at you like that because I was. I didnt mean to brake the glars and you dont mean to be away so I dont think Daddy shoold yell because it isnt nice.
John doesn't understand the significance of that.
But I suppose part of me has been holding out hope all along that you’d return because I missed you. It also meant that the fact that I kept writing to you seemed less weird if I pretended to myself that one day you’d actually be on the other end, reading everything. Other kids had a diary and friends; in the meantime, I was all alone as I wrote to my dead father.
When she says yes, he smiles. He had expected it- they'd really clicked, the two of them. He'd lived this moment many times- movies with the happy couple together, ecstatic at the prospect of eternity together. He knew how it was supposed to feel.
John was not prepared to discuss the ghost that was still haunting his every movement.
He shut his eyes tightly and clung to the shorter man. He waited until John eventually regained composure, and Sherlock smiled, a small, soft smile, when he nestled peacefully against his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
I miss you a lot and I hope you are cuming home soon,
He doesn't think about the fact that he's somehow hoping that ghost will come back again to haunt him before he does it.
He doesn't know what it means; just that it feels right.
John's son (formerly 'Rosie') is going to see a clinical psychologist/counselor for psychotherapy because, for now, his symptoms are mostly based on the environment rather than biological factors. John, on the other hand, I think would (should) see a psychiatrist by this point in order to properly treat his depression/PTSD. (The main difference between the two is that psychiatrists can prescribe medication, and counselors can't.)
We went to the funeral today.
Sherlock looked back down; allowing their eyes to meet.
I talked to Dad about you today. I told him that I realised that you’d died and he seemed shocked. He hugged me and started crying and apologised, more profusely than I’d anticipated, for not telling me earlier, and that he’d always assumed I had figured it out long ago and never spoke about it because I didn’t want to.
It’s cristmas soon and I am exited because I know that you will cume home, because you and Daddy always made shure to be home on cristmas. I remembar when you were not back until late at nite on cristmas eve and Daddy got verry mad at you and made you promis, that you woold never mis it again. That is how I know that you will cume back home and that makes me hapy.
'I just have one request,' he said.
From Rosie.
I apologise for the absence, I kept forgetting to update. I've been busy, manic, depressed, tired, unfocused, too motivated, unmotivated... too many things.
Dear Papa,
He doesn't have it in him to be angry.
(See the end of the chapter for
I think I’m starting to be okay again. I know that there are holes in this family, but they don’t feel so massive or isolating anymore.
One of the students in the class was nice. I didnt think any one coold be nice. we talked about maths and our familys because we both like those things. I dont know if she has a frend but I hope she doesnt because I want to be frends.
But in the end they hadn’t, though, and Dad agreed that the name William was suitable for me. I didn’t mention that I had considered choosing your chosen name, Sherlock, and then reconsidered when I thought of the pain that might cause Dad.
Today we learned, about comas, and the teecher said, they are for puntuating, in sentenses. They look like this
‘Bye, John’ he whispered, and he knew he meant it.
I’m so tired of waiting for you to come home.
It was like a spell had been put over us. We laughed so hard we cried again. I was so happy. It was so painful. It was painfully real.
The ache in his chest eased minutely and he leaned back, feeling the heaviness of the urn weigh down his arm.
Daddy arived at school to pic me up and I didnt speek the entire way home or at dinneer. Daddy asked me what was rong but I did not want to tel him so I didnt say anything and I went to my room to be on my bed by my self.
It was Saturday, one day after a date had been planned, that for the first time in eight months, John waltzed into therapy with a smile on his face. Several weeks went like this. Ella said she was happy for him; that she could see him getting better.
And more importantly, you left us.
I talked to the nice student again today and she was stil nice to me. Her name is Scottie and she said she was born in Ustralia which is the cuntry at the bottom of the map in my bed room. She told me about ustralia and said it was nice there and that there werent as many peeple and that Lundon has a lot of peeple.
He smiled, tears gathering in the corner of his eyes, blown away by the wind like the meagre drops of spitted rain, never amounting to anything. They faded away into the cement.
realised that
I started scool today. I didnt like it there wer lots of peeple and they all lookd exited. I didnt know what to do and i didnt takl to any one. Sumone askd my name and i told them I was caled Richard. He lookd at me werd and went away and i dont want to see him agen. I dont know why I did that becos my name is Rosie. I think i wantd him to go away. I was glad that he did.
It was really nice. We laughed a lot. Dad cried a bit. My stomach still aches a little with sadness, but I’m mostly happy now. I know you’re never going to read any of these letters, but I’ve still been writing to you all this time. I guess it’s interesting to finally know a little more about the actual person I’ve been talking to.
If only you were here; if only I could see you; if only you hadn’t made Daddy so ashamed he’d removed every last photo of you but one; if only you could still be here so I could talk to you and know you, everything would be okay.
He pocketed the notepad, grabbed the urn and stood up, feeling his legs sigh under the relief. With his free hand, he reached up to his hair, brushing away a few stray ashes, his eyes trained on the sea. He lingered for a moment, feeling the wind brushing against him, waving his coat collar frantically against his neck like a flag in the wind. He breathed in and smiled to the ocean.
’ he whispered, the change piercing the static air around them, charging it with near-frantic energy.
I want to die, Papa. I want to die.
I don’t know where the hell you are, but it’s not here, and that’s the problem.
We had a day of scool today becos the teecher wanted to talk to all the parints. Some of the uther kids had mothers thoe. I think one of them was not a mother or a daddy but Daddy was in a hury when I asked him so I desided it was a parint but not a mother or daddy. I dont think I hav a mummy. Daddy and you said she diede when I was very litle but I dont miss her at all becos I did not know her. I think I only hav you and Daddy and that is okay becos I dont want a mother anyway.
He ignores the tears forming in his eyes.
From Rosie
From Rosie.
Thank you so much for reading
I heard Mrs Hudson talk to him late at nite and so I went down stairs quitly so they would not know and I lisened to them. Mrs H said things like you need to be there for her and Daddy said that he couldnt do it and I wanted to go to him and hug him and say that he is good at everything like I remember Daddy saying to you all the time that made you smile but he walked out of the room and to yur room and Mrs H tried to walk down the stairs and found me and she looked sad and I asked her what was rong with Daddy and she didnt answer and told me that I had to go back to my room so I did.
Then there was a smile- a woman by the name of Mary Morstan. She seemed lovely. John supposed this meant it was time to really move on.
from Rosie
Dear Pa,
I seid I was working on a new experyment like you do. I showed her all the peeses and she said that she was empressed. I dont know what that is but I think it is good. I tried showing Daddy but he seid he had to use the barthroom and then he left and didnt cume bac out again. I wish I coold show you the experymint. I dont remebmer how long it has been but I think you hav been gon for a few days and I miss you.
Daddy seys that I start scool soon. Mrs H came up to giv me sume new clothes to wer. She seid I woold look good and i was giftid and that I would do amazeing at school. I showd her my leters and I thort she woold be empressed becos I found out that word and insted she just fround and did not torlk as much after. I dont think I will sho any one the leters anymor. At leest no one exept you.
At least, that's what he told himself when he watched his bride walk up the aisle.
I then got sume red on my skirt and I coold not see it much because it was black but I was scarred I woold get in truble so I hid it under the bed and I hope Daddy wil not find it. I am teling you becos I do not think you woold be angry with me becos when I climed on to the counter and acsidently droped a glars you did not get angry but Daddy did. You only got angry at me when you were leting me be your asistent in reeserch and I broke a long glars thing and spilld the thing you said was asid on the floor. You woold not let me go near it and made me go to my room for all aftanoon. Daddy came in after he got home and told me that wen you get angry it is not for long and that it wood be okay. He seid he was serprised that I did not cry becos of you but I hav never cride becos of you becos you always make me hapy. That is why I wannt you to cume back Papa.
Dear Papa,
I never let myself think about it properly, but I realise that I just didn’t want to face the truth. Despite all the evidence, I’d let myself believe you’d left us because you gave up and walked out one day. But you didn’t, and I know that now. You left your clothes, you left your violin, you left your science equipment; you left everything behind.
Today, I finally built up the courage to go and talk to Dad about you.
I know there is nothing wrong with it, but I get the impression that it would only cause further problems, and I don’t think that either Dad or I need that. However, I also see that talking about it could make it better, but I don’t want to have to think about that because thinking about it takes away all the energy still left in me, and I’m so tired of being tired.
I can’t think of anyone to say this to, and I know that it’s pathetic to have to say it anyway, but you’re not here and I guess that’s probably why you’re my only friend. So I suppose you, my only friend, will have to be the one I share it with, because I have no one else, and what feels like no other choice.
He clutched the urn to his chest before turning to leave.
I wunder if i woold be les sad if you came back but I dont think I feel sad. i want you to cume hom thoe.
So I talked to Dad today. It’s been a while, but also definitely a long time coming.
He says he thinks it's just about time now.
Or maybe it's been years.
I’ve tried reading or working on experiments in the past to ignore it all, but the thought of even moving to do them is so tiring I probably couldn’t do it if I tried.
Dear Pa,
Things are better in some ways, and not in others.
He then asked about my name. I wasn’t sure what to say. I haven’t connected with the name Rosie for a long time, but it’s not something I’ve thought about much. I quietly told him I’d get back to him on it.
(See the end of the chapter for
I lov you from Rosie
He didn’t stay for long. He’d sat on his chair and we’d stared into the distance each from our respective positions, and after a few minutes he’d gotten up and left to his room. He was crying-- he’s always been the emotional one.
Still staring at the post card, Sherlock could feel John’ nod against arm. He smiled; pictured them stood huddled together as they watched the sunset; lifting the camera to capture it and memorise every aspect of their happiness. He felt a quiet sense of euphoria as the sunlight seeping in through the window beamed at him, shimmered softly against his cheek, warming it to chambré.
I’m starting to think that you may have gone through this too, and I wish you were here so I could talk to you about it, because I don’t know what to do.
Sherlock asked, returning to the present, his voice quiet and rough with disuse.
I don’t know what to do or who to turn to, and I think that maybe… maybe if you came home everything would be better. I’ve tried to tell myself that you’re not coming home but I feel like if I lose hope, you never will, and I can’t bear the thought of you never returning.
The reception was lovely. Bright yellow wallpaper and a beautiful garden. It was everything John could have asked for, and more.
He knew he loved her. He really did. And as he looked her in the eye, reciting his memorised, traditional vows, doing his best to keep it from sounding robotic, he really did try to ignore the hollowness of his words as they fell through his mouth and tumbled onto the carpet below him.
Dear Pa,
Dear Papa
If there was ever a thing you could do for me, Papa, it’s that.
Dad’s started drinking again. I never see him, but I can tell because these days the beer cupboard door hangs ajar like a permanent fixture whenever I see it, as if he felt like a change in decor the way he did when you left and he moved your armchair permanently out of sight.
I think Dad needs someone to talk to, but I know I can’t be that person. Broken things don’t fix other broken things.
(See the end of the chapter for
Alzheimer's. That was the prognosis.
I’m really into chemistry. I thought that would make you proud because you were the one who introduced it to me when I was so young, and I think you really enjoyed it as well.
I miss you,
he said after a moment, nodding in the direction of the mantle.
As he sets off in the direction of the clinic, he thinks he knows what it is-
Daddy has been going outside and leeving me with Mrs Hudsn and Mrs Hudson said that he is going to see a theropest. I don not know what that is but I hoap that looking at it will make him les sad. I asked Mrs Hudson wether if you came home Daddy would be les sad or not and she sed that she thort so. I asked her if she thort you were cuming home and she didnt anser she got up and made sume tea.
I just want to say that I am very, very sorry for the wait. (11 months is a
I dont know were you are or why you left but daddys been siting on his chair all day and he lookes sad and he wont tell me what is rong. I hope that you are okay because I relly miss you and I want you to cume home and I think Daddy dos too.
Ill be waiting at the front dor outside Mrs Hudsons house for you to cume bac home.
Drawing his hand up in front of his chest, Sherlock flicked open his notepad. With a sweep of his wrist, he etched a long pencil line across the white paper, staring down at the pad before repocketing the grey lead. He sighed, eyes scanning over the page a final time before he flicked his wrist, watching the notepad fall elegantly shut against the hand-written note.
I also found the skirt I’d worn to that party I had to go to. It was still hidden under my bed. I forgot I used to wear skirts at all. I think that dress Mrs Hudson gave me for Christmas was the last I ever received before she and Dad realised I didn’t ever wear them anymore.
It is almost the cristmas holidays and the school has a lot of decorashons. Ive been reading a lot of books and my faverit was the one about bumblebees, even thoug it had picters in it and wasnt as complikated. It reminded me of a toy in my bed room. When I took it down from the shelff I took it to Daddy, and he said that you gave it to me when at my berth. I asked him why and he said that you like bees and that made me hapy because I do too. I am exited to be able to show you the booke when you cume back home for cristmas.
Dear Papa
I'll get back to each one to reply when I can.
Dear Papa,
From Rosie
When he reaches the curb, for a moment, he almost thinks he sees blood on the cement.
, he’d one told him, when John had teased his knowledge on the solar system.
from Rosie
(See the end of the chapter for
Dear Pa,
I love you,
Eventually he told me that I should see a therapist. He clarified that it wasn’t because he thinks I am broken for being trans, but that I might just be hurting. I honestly don’t know if I’m hurting. I don’t remember feeling anything but this.
I am going to tell Daddy not to yel at you when you cume home because he shoold be hapy and not angry that you finally cume home again.
I was sitting in the living room when the phone rang. Dad got up to answer it and I sat and listened. I deduced it pretty quickly; any ordinary person could have figured it out, so there wasn’t really much point in him coming in to tell me. I suppose it is customary though.
(See the end of the chapter for
The days at school feel long and slow and boring. My mind is fuzzy like I couldn’t focus on anything if I even wanted to. My chest feels heavy and sore. Everyone avoids me. It feels like there’s some invisible barrier around me and no one will cross over it. Dad never speaks to me anymore, and Mrs Hudson is getting too old to climb the stairs and visit anymore. I’ve thought of stopping by on her sometime but I never feel like I have the energy or the will.
He heard a faint sigh from inside, and after a moment he heard her say: “Come in, John.”
He nodded after a moment or two, before turning to Mycroft. He was already on his feet, conferring with Anthea who was feverishly typing on her blackberry. The knife had mysteriously vanished, as if it had never existed. John risked another look at Mary, who had pulled herself together admirably quickly. She sat there, rigid and silent, glaring at the floor. His crashing rage swelled once more, and he forced himself to turn away; walking blindly to the window and staring outside, making himself look at anything other than the woman in the chair.
about the Mesopotamian wax seals,” Violet grinned, hitching up the tight skirt of her dress and scaling a tall sliding ladder. “The cuneiform tablets and the Ayurvedic manuscripts were a complete surprise though. Mm, let’s see… I think they’re up here somewhere…” she kicked sharply against the nearby wall, causing the ladder to rapidly glide several feet along the shelves. It came to a halt in front of a series of deep brown calfskin albums. “Let’s see… ’95… ‘96… should be in here I reckon…”
He resumed his gentle stroking, squeezing Sherlock’s thigh apologetically. The man was trembling and glazed with sweat, and the incoherent sounds of desire he was making seemed almost pained.
“But you could find out.” Sherlock said suddenly, sharply. “I know your skillset. I could do it myself, and I will find her if you don’t. But with your resources I can’t imagine it would take you long.”
“You know my feelings on this matter, you grisly wench.” Sherlock muttered, sloping out of the darkness. He came and made a great point of standing between her and John, who elbowed him affectionately. “If you attempt to kiss my blogger again, you will
This ploy worked admirably, and the initially irritated crowd began to part swiftly. John caught Sherlock’s eye at one point, to his left among the crowd. He was a little puzzled by the look of slight glee on the detective’s flushed face. Their gaze broke as Pruny tugged his arm again, pulling him deeper into the fray.
“But Sherlock, I like it that it’s you.” His eyes shut tightly, and he thankfully couldn’t see whatever Sherlock’s face was doing in response. John’s jaw was tense, as if he needed to summon some kind of bravery for this. “I like… touching you. I like waking up with you. It’s not that I miss Mary, or that I’m wanting anyone else. It’s you.”
[Whiff of cologne. CK1. [Absurdly dated] the bottle was nearly empty. Denim jeans, newly washed. Industrial detergent. Tuna and sweetcorn sandwich [vile]. Traces of river mud.
Mr. Brodie slapped him on the back heartily, causing Patrick’s hair to fly over his shoulder by several inches. “Och, it’ll all come back to you in no time. Don’t you worry.”
. (My god, when was I last just this simply, honestly happy?)
“You have a lean and hungry look about you, you loathsome worm.” She beamed at him, and laughed a little as he mumbled his thanks around a large mouthful. “It’ll be a while until lunch. Let’s go and lounge in the conservatory for a while, shall we?”
“Yes, good idea.” Sherlock approved. “You will want to be well-rested for your interview with the finest detectives Aberdeen can provide tomorrow, after all. It will be the day after new years’ though; I doubt they will be feeling terribly sympathetic towards anyone.”
“Yes, well done. I hope you’re pleased with yourself.”
The starlight was reflecting off the wide expanse of snow, shadowy grey surfaces punctuated by thickets of pines and massive jagged boulders. John gripped the edge of his seat and leaning forward, willing himself to see some sign of movement, a glint of light,
what a stupid, dangerous thing he was proposing. And Sherlock didn’t argue or interrupt him, he just lay there and listened as John blushed and occasionally stammered.
“Sherlock!” John gaped. “’Christs sake!”
The train wound its way out of London and gathered speed as it headed up the east coast. Sherlock barely glanced up from his phone while John absently watched the sea appear and disappear between the hills.
“Nobody is trying to steal your blogger, Sherlock.” he grinned, setting the jumper carefully aside. “And if they did, they wouldn’t have a hope.”
“Will you go and get Violet that enormous drink? I’m just going to have a quick chat with her; we haven’t much time before dinner.”
The woman on the rock was striking; although it was hard to tell in the dim lantern light, John thought that she might have been albino; her hair and skin were so pale that they appeared almost white. She had large eyes and small features, and was dressed in a long ragged dark coat with a red scarf. She scanned the crowd unsmilingly, seeming content just to look at them for a moment or two. When she finally spoke, it was in a distinct Scots accent but not that of Edinburgh.
Her eldest son smiled back at her in a mildly inquiring sort of way, and refilled his wine glass again. Mr Holmes was concentrating on his soup, and did not catch her gaze.
“You’re becoming aroused by this?” he asked, seeming honestly curious.
“That’s a bit odd, isn’t it?” Violet asked. “I mean, he's in his mid-twenties. Everyone needs a bank account by then, really.”
Sherlock sighed heavily. “Honestly, John. Will you do me the great honour of looking beyond the obvious, just this once? As a special treat for me. Please?”
After a considerable amount of effort, John managed to set light to a pile of broken furniture using several pages from a paperback book and a half-burnt log from the fireplace. The flames streamed in the frozen air, smoking and billowing as they caught hold of the scarred wood. He could tell that the fire wouldn’t last long; they had too little to sacrifice to the flames and the snowfall could resume at any time. They could only hope that Mycroft, Anthea or Violet spotted the beacon before it disappeared.
Violet glared at him. “Bloody spoilsport.”
“I’ll bet there’s a reason your subconscious or whatever won’t let you do it. It was a major thing that happened, a really awful thing. And you’re upset about it still.”
“Sweden?”
She pointed into a distant corner of the painting. There, in the shadow of a huge monkey-puzzle tree was Sandra. She was a tiny figure, but the detail was so intense that it was very easy to make out her identity. She was sitting on the grass, staring directly at the viewer. Her expression was veiled, and John couldn’t quite decide what it conveyed.
“Sherlock. Calm the fuck down. I’m honestly alright.” Violet said, her voice a little steadier. She reached out for him, and grasped his arm. “The arsehole didn’t manage to do more than hurt my wrists. Well that, and ruin a fucking amazing parfait.”
Sherlock snorted dismissively. “It’s hardly a
“Thank you so much. Kind of you.” Phyllis attempted another smile. She seemed to ponder handing the handkerchief back to John. She obviously thought better of it though, to his silent relief. “Oh, this is one of Mr. Holmses’ hankies, isn’t it? It’s got his initials on it and everything.”
Hilary didn’t say anything for a few moments, apparently thinking hard. The expression on her face was notably different from her usual soft, slightly dreamy one.
Awful. Awful. Benzodiazepine base? Not the nice kind though.
A final, lone glint of light persisted near the frozen waterfall on the furthest edge of the valley and it took Sherlock a long time to be sure that it was not merely the reflection of starlight or a last glimmer of jagged granite catching the dregs of daylight. It glimmered feebly, flickering for a few moments before growing slightly in brightness.
Pruny collapsed into a kitchen chair, overcome with disappointment. “I cannae believe we missed an actual kidnapping and rescue mission!”
(This isn’t accomplishing anything. Fucking crumbling into a sorry heap of panic doesn’t help him. Pull yourself together.
Sherlock grasped his hand and towed him along. Of course, Sherlock seemed to have supernatural night vision and he picked his way through the obstacles of headstones and ditches with ease. His hand was warm and dry, the knuckles prominent under John's fingertips.
“There is a dining room here, but it’s really only any good if you’re going to be entertaining forty of your closest friends,” Violet explained, leading the way into the warm kitchen. A variety of intriguing scents were wafting from the direction of the huge old range, and she grabbed a pair of stained oven gloves from the end of the kitchen table before opening one of the oven doors. “Furthermore, it’s full of terrifying portraits of former inhabitants of the house, and I’m pretty sure that all of them disapprove of me.”
“Stop.
“Oh, some of it; certainly. I can now see why she irritates Violet so much. Miss Jessop is so deliberately fragile and young and lovely and doe-eyed. It’s all geared towards men who will want to possess and take care of her. Miss Jessop is a clever, clever one.”
“Are we all ready, you shower of gits?” Violet called cheerfully from the landing above. “We don’t want to be late! Mr Brodie’s going to drive us all over to the hall; he’ll be on his way.”
to be waging war on a pair of twelve year old girls; but the fact that they appeared to be winning outweighed this.
“Shoplifting?” Sherlock asked innocently.
He unwound one of his arms from around John and reached over the side of the bath, scrabbling around until he found a bottle of shampoo. He handed this to John wordlessly, before slipping around to face the foot of the tub, arranging himself so that he lounged between John’s thighs. Inevitably, even more water ended up on the floor.
She raised her eyebrows at him expectantly.
“It’s appalling, Agnes. They really do teach them nothing practical at these schools.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John continued to regard him through narrowed eyes. Eventually he sighed. “Well, I thought perhaps you might also need some fuses. You never know when you might need some fuses.”
“Can you give me your socks?”
; just how far down into her personality or soul did the familiar, exterior Violet extend?
Sherlock grinned, reaching for his scarf and winding it round his still slightly reddened throat. “I do look forward to hearing all about your time as a Lancaster gangsters henchman, though. Lucas Milroy, was it? Could have been Davey Parsons, though, come to think of it. Never mind, though – we can have a chat about it another time.”
“It’s not proper sand. It’s brick dust. You’ve seen most of the buildings round here. They’re stone, granite mostly. There’s only a couple of buildings in Hilderbogie made from red brick. One of them’s the post office; and the other’s the police station.” She rocked back on her heels, digging her hands deeper into her pockets. “The post-office has had some repairs to the chimneys recently. I reckon that box was somewhere round there, for a while anyway. Not in our shop.”
Sherlock spoke rarely of his past, and when he did it was only with extreme reticence. John didn’t even know where he had gone to school; if it wasn’t for the periodic appearance of Mycroft he doubted he would have heard anything about his family at all. John had been slightly bewildered at the normality of Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, at their straightforward kindness and unpretentious manner. It didn’t seem possible that they had brought such an odd creature as Sherlock into the world. And since it appeared that they had, John could only wonder what had happened to make him into the man he was, apart from being gifted (
John wrapped his arms around him tightly and laughed. He felt almost giddy. “Right. Ok. Now, about that plate...”
Sherlock had been on the verge of leaving Montpellier for Paris when an informant had let him know about a new kind of product being delivered to Trenet, from eastern Europe.
“Why not? I was bored.” Sherlock shrugged, as if such a question was utterly incomprehensible.  “Violet found me some alchemical texts shortly afterwards, and I began to replicate some of the experiments.”
“John, for the sake of my sanity, you will
It was true. John was drawn to Violet, admired her and enjoyed her company. But most important of all was that she was a true friend of Sherlocks, one of the rare and precious few. He was damned if he was going to sit by and watch one of those number disappear.
He hastily began to rattle coat hangers and kicked over a few wellington boots, before grabbing the grey coat from the end of a rack of furs. Mycroft’s umbrella was lying on a nearby low bench and he snatched it up before emerging from the cloakroom, attempting to look at nonchalant as possible.
Sherlock still didn’t look up, and John felt more and more disquieted. He watched Sherlock’s eyelashes flicker repeatedly and edged further into his space, trying to get a better look at him, trying to guess at his emotional state. Obviously not good.
“Do you have an opinion on who might be responsible for her death?” Sherlock asked quietly. He seemed utterly absorbed in Singh, for some reason. John couldn’t find anything particularly gripping in what the man had said; but assumed that Sherlock was drawing some deep conclusion based on the length of his eyelashes or the make of his shoes.
would
“It’s so odd…” Patrick said suddenly, and stopped. He swallowed hard, still gazing into the depths of his glass.
“Patrick, you need to focus. I know it hurts like hell but you’ve got to stay awake as long as you can. Don’t give in to it, understand?” he ordered him firmly, pressing on the wound a little harder with one hand as he delved in his back pocket for his phone.
“Mm, don’t think so.” Violet shook her head. “And I doubt they’ll let you start grilling her straight away either if she’s in Intensive Care, so don’t even think about rushing off to sodding Aberdeen just yet. Come on, you ridiculous carbuncle. Let’s eat.”
“I wouldn’t know. I went to a local comp.” John said, feeling a little out of his depth and in some ridiculous obscure way wanting to reinforce his proletariat status.
“Murdina, I’m afraid that this isn’t a terribly good time.” Reverend Duncan sighed, rubbing his forehead. “Could it possibly wait a bit?”
“Indeed?” Hilary said, icily. She looked almost as taken aback as John was, her fingers frozen mid way through buttoning her elegant cream coat. “People like… like you? You mean?”
John couldn’t argue. In the photo Violet was beaming, hand in hand with Sherry who was glancing down at her fondly. And her face in the image was a very different face to the one he was used to, without the broad scars that spread across Violet’s right temple and cheekbone. Her eyes were slightly narrowed due to her smile, but he could tell that they were both blue. She wore a stunning dress in a pale greenish grey silk, a bouquet of deep pink snapdragons dangling carelessly from her left hand.
It was probably only about an hour’s journey more until they reached Hilderbogie, and as they crested the hill above Violet’s house John could make out the outline of a military helicopter on the gravel driveway. As they rolled down towards the house, the engines roared to life and the rotors began to turn. Mycroft wrenched the door open before the jeep came to a halt, his long legs propelling him towards it with a surprisingly athletic speed. He didn’t spare a glance for the rest of them, leaping into the body of the helicopter and pulling the door shut behind him. It was a matter of seconds before it took off, clearing the trees and sweeping away over the hills.
Patrick looked a little taken aback, but nodded. “That’s very kind of you, Mr. Brodie. I’d be delighted, if you had time. I’m sure you’re a busy man.”
The work of an instant. The twitch of a finger.
“Not books. Well, some books. Mainly original manuscripts, and one noteworthy collection of very old cuneiform tablets and Mesopotamian wax seals.” He stared at
Thank goodness I can usually control it. Wasn’t always able to. Did quite a lot of it on my last day in this room, the day after the-]
“Sounds like a challenge to me, really.” John said thoughtfully, gratified by the faint flush creeping across Sherlock’s face. He winked, and gathered up his book and discarded jacket. “See you in a while, then.”
“Mm. In this very room, in fact. The little swine was smoking in here and I gave him what-for. Despicable tick.” Violet grinned, glancing over at one of the wide window seats. “He redeemed himself somewhat afterwards, though, by filching champagne and cake from the kitchen. We spent most of the night playing terrible records, chatting and getting a bit squiffed. Definitely a more interesting wedding night than the one I had expected.”
“What my
John clenched his fists and took a deep breath, reminding himself that George was not in his right mind. Whatever drugs he had taken had evidently left him completely uninhibited.
Sherlock’s odd manner when John had talked to Murdy and the Antonelli girls. When he’d been concerned for them. Even for Patrick. Had Sherlock been looking for clues, all this time? Evidence to prove his theory? Had he honestly been believing that what he and John had wasn’t going to last?
“Mhmmm. Yes, Sherlock.”
There were no lights below them. None, as far as the eye could see.
He smiled at the sight, still aware of the gentle ache in his chest. Not many people got to see Sherlock unawares, and it made him feel oddly privileged.
John left Violet where she was, still curled up on the low wide window seat in the Aladdins cave of her bedroom. She had watched him go wearily, with no other farewell than a half-hearted smile. He was shaken and felt a little sickened. What he mainly felt however, was a slowly rolling, simmering fury.
“We can’t tell you.” Erskine said adamantly, sitting down with a thump in a chair that Violet pulled out for him.
Abandoning his efforts to pull the seat towards him, he braced his left foot against it and began to kick. The impact of each blow resulted in a sharp, brutal sting against his ankle as the metal bars abraded his skin; digging viciously into the muscle.
“We all know that they were behind the poisonings!” Miss Argyle said, wrenching herself to her feet. “Everyone here knows that! And now I’ve been
“Hmm. Yes, they are.” Reverend Duncan nodded, a little gloomily. “Not the most charitable of women, sadly. Tremendously capable, though – apart from her work with the children, she’s a real pillar of the community. She helps Alice with the parish committee and organising the local events. I rather think that Alice was attempting to bring her round to a slightly more tolerant way of thinking; but if you ask me she’s got her work cut out for her there. The way that Miss Argyle frog-marches poor PC Dalziell into church every Sunday makes me feel almost sorry for the man. Don’t misunderstand me,” he added, catching sight of John’s slightly bemused expression. “I’m always glad to see a new face in the Kirk. It’s nicer to think that they get there of their own free will though.”
Sherlock hummed his agreement and inched along the ground, his lanky frame bent into an almost perfect right angle as he stooped to study the varied tracks. “Yes, most likely wearing wellington boots. There were several pairs inside the porch at the Duncans house, both mens and womens.”
Violet seemed to be about to make a cross remark about the damage to her plant, but suddenly looked stricken when she caught sight of Sherlock’s face. His expression was carefully blank, but Violet obviously knew him well enough to see past it.
“Who’s next on the list?”
“You’re a very trusting man, PC Dalziell.” Sherlock commented, with a wry little smile. “After all, this is the shop that the poisoned tonic water undoubtedly came from.”
“I looked you up on the internet last night. It seems like you two have sorted out much more complicated stuff than just poisonings.” She swallowed hard, and glared at the ground. “I mean, you’re… you’re
Sherlock hitched his trailing tartan blanket more closely round his neck with a distinctly maiden-auntish gesture. “I utterly refuse to strip in this ludicrously ill-heated corridor just so you can satisfy your prurient curiosity over whether or not I might need a plaster or two.”
She watched Sherlock give a one-shouldered shrug in the mirror, his gaze not shifting from the first paragraph of the book in his lap. “Just don’t get too creative. Don’t care.”
Murdy was clearly listening so hard to every word her face showed the strain. John supposed that Sherlock was a rare breed in a town such as Hilderbogie. If the Reverend Duncan was the nearest thing to a mentor that Murdy had found, no wonder she was enthralled.
Lestrade glanced up at his slightly raised voice and looked in their direction quizzically. Apart from his text to John on the train back from Edinburgh, he had not referred to or acknowledged the change in their relationship in any way. Which was something of a relief to John, really. Sally Donovan on the other hand was looking at them from across the room in a worryingly speculative way, as if she was trying to work something out. John didn’t know if she had been privy to one of Sherlock’s mass texts; but he very much doubted that she hadn’t heard the news. Gossip travelled lightning fast around the Yard. He had already had a cringe-inducing moment a few days previously when Dimmock had cheerfully slapped him on the back and congratulated him on their new relationship. Apparently the young Inspector had won the NSY betting pool on when John and Sherlock would get together.
“Well, I was hardly going to let people know that he had gone to a place owned by my family. Freddie is...
Anthea paused for less than five seconds to type a swift message on her phone, then positively floored the accelerator once they reached the road, snow churning and flying from under the wheels of the jeep. John couldn’t see Mycroft in the back seat, and they all sat in heavy silence on the way back. The elation of finding Sherlock seemed to fade a little; and John didn’t know whether to dread or anticipate news of Patrick’s condition. For now at least they could hope.
“I... I don’t know, really. I was talking to my mum earlier. She. Um. She said that she didn’t think that studying art was a good idea anymore, not when things like this happen.” Phyllis shook her head with an air of faint annoyance. “Mum’s a bit old-fashioned. She wants me to go home. And part of me really wants to. I do. But...”
He couldn’t find the words.
“Oh, that was just one of the reasons. She had evidently lost patience with his philandering, and one would expect that she grew tired with him ‘borrowing’ the wages she was earning here. Don’t forget, he had left her before. Last year, remember? That idiot Marmaduke told us as much. He said that she had been supporting him last year, and they had lived together. And then he upped and left her, he went to Spain.”
[Could kill her, I suppose. It’s supposed to get easier, each time one does it. Mycroft would probably arrange it, if I could bring myself to ask nicely. Risky though. Could end up tied into taking the parental unit to the greatest horrors of the West End every month until doomsday. Still no guarantee that John would stay. Don’t think he’d like it.]
Hilary seemed incapable of movement or speech. Phyllis nodded at her, squeezed her shoulders again, and walked briskly away towards the common room. As she passed John, she shot him a small secret grin; evidently taking note of his staggered expression.
is particularly sensitive, as I recall. Human hair is incredibly strong. Stronger than steel actually, in terms of tensile strength. Thousands of strands, each one of them pulling and
Within seconds, he was standing naked in front of Sherlock who was running his eyes over John’s body as if he had never seen it before. His roving eyes kept coming back to John’s aching erection, and after a moment or two he slowly reached out and wrapped his long white fingers around it.
“Um. No reason.” Lestrade said, rather wisely in John’s opinion. “Would you like a glass for that?”
Sherlock doesn’t reply. He just surges forward until he’s pinned John back into his armchair and he’s kissing him again like his life depends on it. It’s as if he can’t quite decide where to touch John and so his hands roam restlessly, long fingers tracing the line of skin along John’s neckline and cuffs, slipping behind his head and palming the back of his neck. His mouth is bruised with kisses and the scrape of John’s teeth. His eyes become hazy and half lidded when John presses his mouth under his ear. The moan he makes is so deep it’s almost inaudible.
“Well done.” John said grudgingly, stepping back from the bed. “With any luck, that will keep him busy for a while.”
“An observation, Miss Antonelli?” Sherlock asked thoughtfully, glancing out of the window to check for the arrival of a police car. “He was right about one thing. You are absolutely
“He deserves to die.” Murdy said flatly. “He nearly killed four people. He didn’t give a damn who he hurt, so long as he got his wife out of the way.”
“Hmm, no. Brothels and strip clubs are more George Marmaduke’s area. Singh does gamble, but it’s mostly online. He can’t be all that ashamed of it, if he leaves the evidence in his waste paper basket. No, it’s something else entirely. Something he’s very worried about letting slip.”
“It’s a bit suspicious, isn’t it? Patrick going out that evening, alone.” John mused. “Surely he could have nipped round the back of the house and positioned the knife.”
John shrugged amiably and did his best to look a little sheepish. “I’m afraid that it might take a little longer to find the culprit. But we’re doing our best, don’t worry, Mr. Marmaduke.” He smiled warmly at George, who scowled at him then winced in pain. It was obvious that the man hadn’t told the others how he had injured his face earlier.
Mycroft regarded him thoughtfully for a minute or two, before clearing his throat. “Well, that was all very charming, John. I’m sure you made sure that Sherlock was well out of earshot before delivering that touching little speech.”
…..Jesus!
“You didn’t know?” John asked, curious.
John wriggled through, managing to badly snag the sleeve of his jacket on the frayed fence. Sherlock, of course, managed to sidle into the yard swiftly and elegantly without so much as disarranging his scarf.
The post office was dark and shuttered, but Murdy was able to tell them that the doorway led into the postal sorting room. “The postmistress, Miss Butters, she’s been away the last week. She goes over to her family in Bute for Christmas every year. The place will have been locked up tight since Christmas eve, I reckon.”
“Blimey. You didn’t have to deal with Miss Wenceslas, did you?” John asked, surprised. Sherlock pushed open the door to the conservatory, walking through and holding the door for Violet and John. The conservatory was comfortingly shadowy and warm, lit only by small lanterns dotted here and there. It was a clear night outside, and John could make out the brightest stars through the glass roof overhead.
Regards,
Every day felt like a battle. And John knew better than anyone what that meant. He was reliving his life as a solider; marching back and forth through the heavy fog of mourning, depression, grief, or whatever it was that Ella had liked to call it.
The instant the light died in Sherlock's eyes, it died in John Watson's too. It had taken months before John had been able to force himself back to the working world to retain some façade of his life of
Some days felt lighter, like somehow the mist had cleared and he was back in the clear again; ready to move forwards in his life. Other days, it felt as if the fog was so heavy, he couldn't breathe, and all he could do was wait.
From Rosie.
Pleese cume back from Rosie
I havent got in truble or in any fites with any of the students in the class and my old teecher said that they were impressed and hapy that I was hapy.
His life exists in an ocean, he thinks sometimes. It's like he's wading through fog, waiting for it all to end.
He presumed she'd never forget the look on his face as the glass shattered and he marched out without another word.
I lov you from Rosie
It’s coming home.
He can't help but scoff. It seems funny to him that after everything, he'd go out like this.
After I asked Daddy if we coold go to unother parti with mor chooldren and he seid that we coold later. He seemd sad and I thort that mabe it was because the parti was boreing so I gave him a hugg and then I ran up stars to my bedrom and playd with the stuff in the box that seys chemestry kit.
Dear Pa,
My whole life is crashing down around me, and I don’t want to talk about it.
It is a new yer and Daddy has started drinking from botles I am not alowed to tuch and he wont talk to me.
It’s taken me a lifetime, but I’ve finally,
By the time all his children are well into their twenties, one has transitioned (John had found it kind of funny to watch him throw his mother's name choice to the side and reclaim himself), one has followed in his footsteps to become a doctor, and the other has shipped herself off to join the army.
Instinctively, Sherlock pulled him in closer. ‘
The Christening is a complicated mess. John had really taken to Catherine.
I reread the letters I wrote to you a few years ago, and it was strange. I had forgotten about Scottie, Redbeard, and expecting you home for Christmas, and I’d even learned to ignore the married bumblebees and let them fade into the background like everything else in my room that I used to play with.
feeling
Dad still drinks sometimes, we still don’t talk very often, and I still can’t get out of bed some days; but, the cupboard door is closed whenever I see it, we talk more than we have in years, and those days are getting less and less frequent.
He chooses the restaurant before the ring. He doesn't really know why. He guessed it was more important, somehow, to choose the right venue for the question.
He said that he would tell me what happened with you, but that he couldn’t today, and that’s okay. I think taking things slowly with this is the best option.
Well, technically I didn’t fail; I got a B. But it feels like I’ve failed. I feel like I’ve failed myself. I feel like I’ve failed you.
Today I actually read an old letter of my mum's (she sent it to her grandmother), and it was funny. I haven't actually read a child's letter for years, because I'm never actually around children, but I remember seeing the massive worksheets of prep schoolers on the windows of their classrooms at my primary school, and how many errors there were, as well as years ago, reading my strange stories done during primary school classes, and noting their incoherence and terrible spelling. So those memories were what I had based the writing style of these letters on. So, when I was reading the letter today, I was surprised to see that she really did make spelling mistakes such as adding extra letters, which I've included in this series, but wasn't fully sure was a thing. The example I noticed, was writing "feell" instead of "fell".
There were other similar occurrences and parallels between the letters and my life right after I wrote them, as well. It's like I somehow foreshadowed future misfortune, which is weird af
I told him that I didn’t want to and he said that was okay, but to keep it in mind and come to him if I decided for it.
He sat up and hugged me. I shuffled up next to him on the couch and we cried and hugged for a long time. Just missing you together. Missing Mrs Hudson. Missing our old lives. Mourning everything together.
Dear Papa,
John took a moment to take a deep breath.
On a side note, if you celebrate it: Happy Easter :)
Dear Pa,
the one who failed
My Health teacher asked me to stay back after class to talk to them, today. They said that they had noticed I had been acting differently for the past few months. I half-expected a dry, sarcastic retort to come out of me, but instead my mind was blank and I said nothing.
Sherlock,
For the first time in a long time, I feel like things really are going to be okay.
The next time people come to visit him, he can't move his arms. There are a few of them this time. He doesn't know who they are, but they seem nice. When one of them asks him how he is, he has trouble talking. Trouble breathing too. With some difficulty, he just manages to say it.
From Rosie.
From,
When the first serious symptoms occur, he's on his way to work, and he realises he doesn't know where to go. He falters, stopping right in the middle of the street, almost hit by traffic before he has the sense to keep moving towards the pavement.
“Ha. Nice try. I think Violet was trying to get me out from under her feet and sent me up here with this.” John clambered on to the foot of the bed, next to where he had deposited the tray. He grabbed a roll before Sherlock could get to them all and took a bite. “She has also heard from the local constabulary, who don’t sound pleased about the fact that you’re here. An Inspector Menzies is likely to show up later this morning.”
“Yes, I think so. She obviously wrote this down in a hurry; there’s an admittedly slight chance that Garcia told her the address of where he was heading before he left and all she had to write on was this ticket.”
He could only nod, wishing he could muster the same level of certainty. Violet kissed him quickly and turned away, half running to catch up with Anthea who was already striding ahead. John watched them disappear into the darkness uneasily, then nodded at Mycroft. “Right, let’s go.”
“Sorry, don’t let me distract you. Carry on.”
“Nonsense, doesn’t matter at all.” Violet replied blithely, pushing him into one of the long lines of dancers that were already forming and turning to face him. “Sherlock, if you’re planning on continuing to glower at me you might as well join in; they’re short of dancers in that line.”
“’Am I allowed to ask you questions?’ I asked, after a minute. I still couldn’t look at him, just the knot of his tie. I still remember it; forest green silk with cream spots. Beautiful.
John raised one of his shoulders, a little uncomfortably. “I mean both. That is… I mean, last night and yesterday; it was fantastic.
“What are we looking for in the village?” John asked casually, getting to his feet. “You’ll need to give me a few minutes to get dressed first – can’t really go tramping through the snow in my pajamas.”
Sherlock laughed shakily, curling a little more tightly around John and bringing their foreheads together. He seemed unable to respond, even in a characteristically acerbic manner.
John suddenly liked Basil rather less. Up until this point, the young man had seemed one of the less objectionable members of the group of students. But it suddenly seemed tremendously clear that it didn’t matter a jot to Basil that his unborn child had died along with Sandra. All he cared about was that Hilary didn’t find out about his liason with the unfortunate girl.
“I find your disgust towards knitwear deeply worrying sometimes, Sherlock.” John said, scribbling down a few notes about Phyllis. “I meant the kicked puppy part. But incidentally, some of us like a good jumper. They’re warm and come in useful when you’re freezing your arse off in bloody Scotland. You might want to try wearing one some time. But I’m beginning to think that you had some traumatic jumper-related incident in your childhood. Maybe I should ask Mycroft about it.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Petty murmured, putting the bottles on the counter between them and reaching for a pencil. She made a note in a large open ledger before pushing the bottles into his unresisting hands. “We’ve got a fridge full of the stuff and it’s only going to waste. Just drop the bottles back in when you can. I’m very glad to see that you’re on the mend.”
“You may, if you like.” she said coolly. “It would be traditional. But you, boyo, do not strike me as the traditional type.”
Rosie glared down at her plate with all the concentrated loathing a four-year old could muster. “What’s a petard?”
[Ghastly. His skin. Can smell it. Sebum and bacon and old sweat and petrol and…. Hand on back of my neck. No. NO! John. Only John’s hand is allowed there. Bastard grinning at my face. Hand on mouth oh
John sighed. “Shut up, Sherlock.”
And Sherlock had said that Violet was neither dull or ghastly, which was practically swooning praise from him.
And with that, Sherlock closed the narrow gap between them, and kissed him firmly on the mouth. John started slightly, his mind reeling. He hadn’t been prepared to try this again so soon. He forced himself to stay calm, reminding himself to let Sherlock set the pace. But Sherlock seemed more sure of himself now, running his hand up John’s chest under his shirt and coming to rest directly over his heart once more. He ran his fingers idly through the hair on John’s chest while he kissed him, again and again.
“They’re talking about Wagner.” Violet whispered, after a second or two. “Of course your bloody brother likes
“This is a small village, with a small number of people who will move in predictable patterns of behaviour.” Sherlock murmured thoughtfully, peering out into the square outside. “I’ve looked through the ledgers and all of the victims bought the tonic water on a regular basis for at least several months before the poisoning. It’s far from random, Mr. Antonelli. None of the victims were buying the tonic water on a whim or an impulse. Even you consumed an average of one bottle per month; typically you took one from shop stock for personal consumption every four point two weeks.”
“D’you think it’s wise to talk to her?”
“I wasn’t sure if we’d ever get to do this again.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, a little hesitantly. “Pending your approval, the next step is coming to bed entirely unclothed. Bringing you to orgasm with my hands, and vice versa.”
“Yes?” she bit out.
Sherlock stared at him, unblinking. His strange pale eyes seemed to glow a little in the dim light as he regarded John.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Focus, John. The crime! Isn’t it preposterous?”
“Sounds quite interesting, really.” Murdy commented, as they made their way down the stairs. “Giving a statement in a murder investigation.”
, you git.” Violet glared at him. “I suppose. Hardly anyone does it any more, but she’s from the Islands. They do things a bit differently up there.”
“Let’s have less of the small talk, Mycroft. Neither of us is terribly good at it.” he said firmly. “Look, can we just talk frankly?”
“They’ll just be making more snowballs behind there, you know!” John laughed, gasping for breath. He handed Sherlock another handful of snow, taking in his flushed face and dishevelled dark curls. “Maybe we should make a run for it?”
John scanned the length of the building. The pub was at basement level, but it obviously had some space above ground as well; he spotted another door a few feet further along, hidden between deserted wooden tables and chairs. “Come on. Back door is over here; I could do with warming up a bit.”
