“I know. Get to the
hugging him briefly.
die hard. He makes the cab stop a few streets from where he lives. He’ll
“Did it have a name?“
escapes his chest.
stop spinning. He pulls the sleeping bag back over his shoulders, trying to
flames from the fire place. John reaches for Sherlock’s hands.
thought. They really need to get going. They pack up the sleeping bags,
gradually arriving in the real world, kissing Sherlock when people can see
, because he’s looking in
John looks at him, wordlessly asking for permission as he starts to undo
He sighs.
In case you want to listen to Chris Isaak's wonderful "Wicked Game" and Nirvana's "Where did you sleep last night", you'll find them on this
stop a few times under the pretense of weariness and aching limbs, and turn
“For loving you? For calling you mine?” John follows the curve of
smelling faintly of deodorant, the pack of
John feels Sherlock swallow.
few inches — just enough to let in some fresh morning air — and searches
the sea was being gentle with them as they say good-bye. John follows
“Greg?”
shocked at the insane heat Sherlock is radiating. He’s burning up, and John
the towel under his buttocks. When John goes down again, his pelvis is a
“Harry, it is. I’ve had a lot of time to think. It’s over. It’s fine now.”
to their everyday life. He had missed it, the quietness in the suburbs had been deafening. As had been the silence between Mary and him. He looked at the
golden. An extra handful of basil. That brand of Grana Padano John likes.
and understands that the feeling of home has started to slip away from him
he’d have to sign up for a couple of years of service afterwards, and work
“What?”
her arm in apology.
“Yeah, but — people would fucking die before they could even get to a safer
voice from the path down to the beach, calling them from a distance.
Now they started talking at the same time. Even though this whole thing wasn’t funny at all, both John and Sherlock had to smile.
closer by John pulling his hands.
expected.”
his lips after he drinks.
resemblance to Mary. She seems to be another person. Mary, apparently, had
take him in while he’s on his own. He needs a moment with him like this,
“My brother. — Wait, are you jealous?” Sherlock turns his head to look at
love (yes, because that’s what it had been: Love) away. They left him to
is pumping through his veins too fast, shooting adrenaline and the essence
“Yeah, after you made
forensic reports. John’s stomach clenches at the thought of him. Eventually
nothing like the small, tender hands he’s held before.
instead, slowly and shallowly, focusing on the sensation. He closes his
focus on the work.”
turns to stand in front of him.
since Sherlock went swimming. They sit in the sand, looking at the sea in
“She’s fascinating.”
when he returned to his bedroom for the first time in three weeks, its
He’s shocked to realise what this is doing to him, how
idea how exactly. Maybe he’ll just make it through life like this — work
hand, he tries not to feel pathetic for watching it alone.
“You go first, John. Hurry. I want you back here.”
the kitchen window at the strip of hazy blue. It doesn’t promise any more
far too much.
his book are scattered on the ground among the debris of camping supplies.
hopelessness washes over him, dark and stifling, it’s what Sherlock must
start a job in Portsmouth, but their mum’s trying to keep an eye on her as
“I think I need to get really, really drunk tonight, Greg.”
first step, smirking.
Sherlock gets up from the bed, wincing at the pain in his left side as he
A violent wave of heat, of desire and need, runs up John’s spine. He takes
Giving head is so much more than John’s ever imagined. It’s not just
“You like this?” John asks. This mixture of arousal and nervousness is
after his discharge,” Dr Rayaprolu had said with the practised
“Why?”
drops them on one of the chairs. He walks through John’s bedroom to
“Bit. But not with other people. Never was worth the effort... The... entanglement. That.“
even more vast than it did during the day. Right above them, it was a deep
— what do you expect me to say now?” John hisses.
doesn’t say a word, because at that moment, Sherlock starts to lick jam
“Okay.”
family of his Italian wife lives in Liguria, close to B., and their house
bottles.
brilliant, yes. But as much as he was able to deduce (or to observe) who
Sherlock, lying naked in the sand out at the sandbank, like the only
preparing their lunch. Caring for them, even when they can care for
him whole again, without hesitation or mercy. John is too exhausted to even
out again, Sherlock slips his fingers under the hem of John’s shirt,
of his coat.
With his next breath in, there’s the sudden and unasked-for certainty that
improved at all, she is bored and crotchety. And this isn’t good for any of
Sherlock: his cigarettes and lighter, his bag of toiletries, his Discman
” Sherlock rumbles, and lifts his head to
beach. He stares out of the window, into the darkness that has fallen,
speak for itself, for him. Then John’s cock brushes against his prostate
of his eye and his cheek. John starts planting small kisses at Sherlock’s
John is leaning against the bar, facing the dance floor again. Sherlock
takes them before the boy can bow down. They look expensive, much better
“I… I guess I’ll just stay here for a bit, yeah?”
“Rinse now, Sherlock. I’m finished.“
boarding school…”
John imagines the clouds outside, finally drifting apart completely,
languidly.
conversation any more. He is even too tired to look after Matilda. After a while, he gets up and murmurs something like
out, somehow. He’s so fucking clever.
security officer assigned to the safe house. She looks older than she
the towels they use as makeshift bedclothes. As he stretches, his hands
watches him, his dark skin, tiny black curls so short Bill never has to dry
Sherlock hears John’s voice through a white noise, feels his heart beating as if it was to explode. His throat is dry, he is panting heavily. John is above him, eyes fixed on him, sweat glitters on his chest, he is
hungry, and leaving John afloat and overwhelmed. But his body isn’t.
criminal contacts and a corrupt prison management. Imprisonment didn’t stop
Sherlock wraps one arm around him, pulling him closer, until their bodies
priority for Mycroft, it takes up only a part of his daily work. Sherlock
“No, you didn’t,” Sherlock states, furrowing his brows, still skimming
chatting with Sherlock’s mum.
“Send a second team to his place?” Greg suggests.
bothered.
letter from the floor, the hand John held as they went for a walk that
If you haven't watched
“Many parents don’t take that very well. Having a gay child,” Margaret adds
the boiling water into his mug and sits down in his chair, placing his mug
this trip, why she’s sleeping in Gemma’s tent and why Gemma had done
him again until this feeling that they are most probably about to have sex
cutting off the blood. His finger tip is all white.
them against John’s thigh or slipping them under it, stealing some warmth
shocking, unprecedented certainty, that now, he could lean in and taste
against her staying in a British prison. And thus saving her own life,
gives in and moves his hand again, slowly. Sherlock’s eyes shutter
grieved. I grieved for you, Sherlock.”
groans against his mouth. John kisses him again, swiping his tongue against
knows that Sherlock watching him was the reason for his feeling of unease.
it back to him. He knows it before Sherlock’s body even starts to move. He
And then he looks at Sherlock, sitting next to him cross-legged with that
And so the three of them end up together for afternoon tea every few weeks, having their little well-worn crosstalks along with tea and Mrs Hudson’s
slender, with dark hair and light skin. He’s dreamt about the fucking naked
“Oh, thanks, Mycroft. Can I have a look at it? I guess Matilda can’t unwrap it herself.“
After Mycroft has ended the call, John calls Margaret. Her voice is still
told John about it or would he have tried to deal with it by himself, and
had been necessary on top of it all). Afterwards he checks if
today, just like meeting Bill in the afternoon. The weight of every exam
He finds John at the bar, watching the suspect’s —
mouth or...
“Da!“ she calls happily.
that sweet high where all of his skin is tingling with need. He
really read him. He just knows that he has no idea how this beautiful,
rivulets down their legs, pooling at their feet.
heartbeat in his ears. And yet his mind adds the sound of someone panting,
manages a smile and a quick “Bye, see you later, Arnel,” and follows
He pushes down his swimming trunks, watching himself in the water, naked,
all the best, and even Sherlock manages to smile as they leave. Matilda
had stroked over his prostate again and again. The memory is so intense, so
wedding dance, don’t you?”
the bench. He’s sitting close to John, their shoulders and arms are
They hear Novak’s breathing. It’s steady and calm, but a lot quicker than
different than fighting yourself. When it was just your own life depending
clearing his head from the heavy, black thoughts for the first time in
cigarettes by the open window. Then he takes out his phone. He had pictures
Sherlock kisses the words away, then starts to stroke John’s cock, and a
but luckily, and it isn’t as deep as he’d expected, he can see the sandy
a breath, shuddering, careful. “I did want to give it back.”
He wraps his scarf more tightly around his neck, pulls the jacket closer,
have dated her, back when they spent every weekend and every free minute
perfect and it sounds far more sexy than a language that has always given
There’s a fine thread of panic pulling at his stomach when he thinks of all
really doesn’t want to have it.
her in, takes a deep lungful of her. There’s a split second of absolute
particularly liked or disliked the way he looks, but always accepted it as
noise of laughter and talking from the other people on the beach. It’s all
ragged and he whispers a string of
couple of minutes ago.
might go quite a bit further than he’d have thought possible, at this
John shivers as tension fades from his body, an internalised control he
“Is he still with that French girl?” John asks.
Sherlock swallows, eyes full and wet. “I couldn’t delete anything.”
skin, a promise of the heat the day will bring once the sun has fully
“God, I’m sorry. What a mess we’ve gotten ourselves into.”
seawater left behind. The scent hits him nonetheless, familiar and foreign,
small. I can’t believe I’ve got a daughter now.“
Sherlock is asleep, he should bloody well let him sleep. There is a faint
He looks up at Sherlock, groaning and panting underneath him. Sherlock
time he’s acknowledged that she’s part of his dad’s life. That she even
can proceed. Dancing on the same square all the time is horribly boring,
“Oh, you really should. But be aware that this might set off one of Mummy’s monologues on how little you come and see them and that you really should have
says, to every panicky drawn breath and to every sob he tries to stifle.
Eventually Sherlock lifts his head to look at down John. He’s biting his
being screamed in the kitchen. When he’d heard his bedroom door creak,
the soft ground to rise up to the surface up again. He feels swift and
Novak’s groaning stops. The line is dead a second later.
he thinks, a useless loop of thoughts, never getting anywhere.
He squeezes Sherlock’s buttocks again, and Sherlock slides against him once
“During my mission the thought of you was the very thing that kept me from
working as a doctor again, at a small clinic in Balham. It’s — great. It
“Please do.” Sherlock looks at him expectantly, and then he grins.
tears to stop. All he feels is bottomless sadness.
closer still.
. Sherlock's voice is enough to send John over
wonders. No, too many people passing by their tent and everything, not to
and so is Matilda.
Sherlock vaguely registers the metallic sound of John’s cane falling to the
They kiss a few more times. Then John lies down next to Sherlock, and Sherlock can feel John relax. His muscles let go of the tension of being awake, his
shut down his brain.
“Breakfast?” Sherlock asks, apparently reading his mind.
Victor had been shifting his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder to the back of
to witness Sherlock fade from the one place where he thought he’d always
her first bite when she starts talking about the children’s book she was
taking another sip from the bottle. He’s a bit drunk, too.
Sherlock being his
John’s head sinks down on Sherlock’s chest again.
falls asleep to thinking that if he’d stay awake and watch the area in
Without a word, John lets himself sink into the ocean. Turquoise water
best thing was: things hurt less.
rustle, and realises that he’s taking off his clothes. As his eyes adapt to
It makes Sherlock feel proud in a way he rarely has. Proud because he’s
and, without saying a word, gives it back to Sherlock.
Victor paused and kneaded his elegant hands.
teary.
breaking the kiss, Sherlock urges him up, and he straddles Sherlock’s
night. I can still hear my mum’s fury, and my dad’s slurred responses,
“Hey Johnny,” Harry says and dramatically smacks a kiss on his cheek,
wakes is that he’s cold; he must have opened the window just before he went
water running down his body. Sherlock sits next to him, taking his large
He lets his gaze drop to Sherlock’s lips for one moment, to the flawless
avoids getting close to the spot where Sherlock headed into the water last
For a few moments, John watches Sherlock’s unease, the slight tension in
things are worse than they were back then. He bites his lips so as not to
Without really realising, John starts to touch his cock and get himself
that Matilda hears his voice while she sits on the floor, playing with her
will have his eyes closed, his face relaxed, the smallest of smiles
blush and the expression of incredulous wonder that must be written all
“What? What did you think?“
“I know.”
think the word, even if only in his mind — would he have
do that.”
where they’ve wanted to be.
“It’s a bit of a shame we’re leaving so early, Sherlock. You were right about the champagne. It was marvellous.”
“Harr—”
Sherlock’s eyes are dark with what must be sadness, too, yet he lights up
“No, don't say anything.”
he’s taking the bait.
It’s not that he’s afraid. Not much, at least. It’s just that this place,
“Made what?”
every thought about Sherlock and feels like a coward.
“My parents are in the US, line-dancing workshop,” Sherlock explains
“It would be devastating. Weakened by Brexit and the terror attacks of the
behind, he lights it, flame flickering in the airstream from the window.
summer and everything it stands for nonetheless.
Suddenly on his own, John feels dizzy. Panic is scratching at the insensate
“That’s so beautiful, Sherlock,” John had said and he says it now. “You are
used to love unconditionally.
dad kissing the
John groans into the kiss.
and swaps channels, searching for something to watch. And he is lucky:
Holmes.” Sokół slowly strokes Sherlock’s hairline with his Beretta, just
Sherlock’s eyes are still closed, less fiercely though. His cock has gone
him apart, and that Sherlock is still here, sitting in the seat next to the
Matilda and about you. About us living together at Baker Street. His
Harry looks at him. The sadness, the restlessness and the defeat that have been lurking in her eyes ever since she left Clara are almost gone.
girlfriends, so get your shit together!
and happy, as crests of light evolve in the water with every stroke of his
preparing dinner, and she isn’t sitting in her chair either, in her spot at
John carefully tears away the paper the gift is wrapped in and finds a stuffed little flower made of plush.
breathing person. It had been his. His alone.
John finds Sherlock not in the kitchen, but on the phone under the stairs.
some condoms, somewhere in his toiletries bag, of course he fucking does!
belongs to the sea.
John whispered into Sherlock’s curls.
long legs into the aisle and closes his eyes. John would love to doze as
“Sherlock?” he asks, when Sherlock has finished.
inch of his skin, the heat of Sherlock’s body, the dampness where they
knows he’s being watched closely, that his arousal is being taken in with
Sherlock is afraid that his sweat will soak through the fabric. The idea of
So — are they obvious to others?
John catches another glimpse of Harry’s abrasiveness as she hisses at
“And what did he say?” He can’t manage more than a whisper.
off John, and just before his lips meet John’s, he whispers, “You’re…
again, when he rubs his thumb over it, slick with precome. Shivers ripple
Their hands touch while John gives the cigarette back.
of toast. And then they would eat toast - in bed.
houses lining the street reflect the rosy light of the sky. The dirty grass
They listen to the CD a second time before Sherlock’s batteries die and the
broke up. He feels a strange, distant pang of guilt whenever he becomes
phone with his clean hand.
slightly troubled from last night’s storm. It will be a cloudy, windy day,
clothes, toothbrush, pyjamas – but he doesn’t even bring his laptop. Their days are completely filled with feeding Matilda, eating and sleeping whenever
been delivered from SiedlceStal. I have seen the arsenal today. Full report
underneath him. The feeling of being filled by John’s cock
wants to do this — kiss John — until the end of their days.
later, he hears Harry’s steps behind him.
One hand in Sherlock’s hair, the other one wrapped around his broad
Sherlock exhales again shakily and swallows. “I know it’s okay, John. It’s
“God, a whole bunch of people. Almost everybody who works behind the stage,” laments the manager.
silence. “I'm in love with you, too.”
He runs towards her. She’s on the other side of the campfire, standing next
yards away from them. It makes Sherlock’s silence sound even louder on the
into over-sensitivity and his mind had been filled by a frantic chant of
“Oh, Sherlock...“ Her voice is full of worry.
going on. All he knows is that he doesn’t want the evening to end, not yet.
was the adrenaline from the chase, maybe it was just him still being
neck, at his jawline and at whatever part of his face John can reach. For a
He spots Sherlock once from afar, walking along the sealine in the
the flashes of the thunderstorm. The air feels electric, but nobody seems
him longer than a whole week, and after that, John forces himself to stop
fingers, lying loosely on his thigh, at Sherlock’s larger hand and his
“There you go, boys. Have a lovely evening. Just don’t be so loud, will you?”
Sokół demands to be left alone-”
him and demand answers.
When he looks up from the pot, Sherlock is standing just a few feet away,
“I... was a bit. Er, surprised, Sherlock. Earlier. About you. Having. Lube.“
off. I could tell by his fucking steps how drunk he was. On bad nights, I’d
his spit. He groaned, feeling his tongue against his fingertips, wild and
in thought.
“Hi… How are you?”
startled.
makes at tasting his own precome makes John’s skin prickle with desire. He
ignores the lust that is once again tickling under his skin. He keeps
want to hurry through this, he tries to make it feel as good as possible.
“So, so sorry, Sherlock,” John whispers.
him. Obviously. So Sherlock had withdrawn to protect himself. It had worked
he looks happier than John’s ever seen him.
hand. He lifts the glass to his lips to cover his smile and takes a sip. He
as soon as he’d put down his big backpack on the spot they’d chosen for
John didn’t only start buying their food and everyday stuff again. By June, he even joined Sherlock on cases again. Just sometimes, in the beginning. He
to go, just like John.
reveals only a fraction of what she feels. But when she meets his gaze,
“Come up here, John,” Sherlock growls, “or this will be over... far too
“A situation has arisen that we need to discuss. Maybe Mrs Hudson would be
. Sherlock closes his eyes and sneaks
how to proceed from here.
“Their safety my topmost priority, Sherlock.”
look at what sort of emotions are currently boiling up inside him. There’s
The sensation of John’s lips. The smell of John’s skin. The warmth of
Arriving at the door of the warehouse, Nicholls holds out one hand,
I can tell you… Oh, there’s John! Hello, dear.”
him — like the sailors on a sinking ship let themselves be claimed by the
could intensify still further. But it does.
the beach. There are trees growing on the sandy ground, some kind of tall
and anxiety had eased off Sherlock, John’s own thoughts had grown lighter
“You’re afraid I might get injured? I mean — you said in France that you
Mycroft’s idea was to use Mary to find out about the remainders of
her father. The way he talks to her, it’s — John can just see that he
cock. John’s desire is kickstarted like a racing car, engine howling under
tent. When Sherlock walks back along the path to John a couple of minutes
Sherlock struggles to make his voice sound as casual as possible.
says quickly.
sometimes. It’s almost eleven, the street lamp casts a faint light through
hungry.
tasting in Sherlock’s mouth. He groans, and he could swear he’s almost
prevents it from falling on the land too heavily, as if the never-sleeping
“Hmm?” Sherlock has crawled to his side of the bed and closed his eyes.
go. He watches Sherlock walking down the path into the sparse forest, not
bit closer to being an adult.
weapons weren't supposed to be sold. It was a delivery for Sokół. Let me
campsite. Harry looks from John to Sherlock, and back to John. Her nose
dad has just seen. John’s eyes brighten and Sherlock lets go of a tension
full of wonder.
John takes a look around. Harry and Gemma are still gone, and most of the
whole thing frustratedly and orders something from Angelo’s. Angelo usually doesn’t do takeaway or delivery, but when John calls, he doesn’t even mention
towers out of the wooden bricks in grandma’s living room. She keeps telling
lunch. Quickly, John gets out of his damp, cold trunks and puts on his
household stuff while she was out at work. But it didn’t work. He hated
storm that hasn’t yet arrived.
From the corner of his eyes John notices lightning disrupting the night,
“People say that dancing is like communication.”
it is his own blood. Every time he wakes he reaches for his shot shoulder,
He’s never even said it out loud, and the word feels new and powerful and
“We will be back at 16:30. I will give you a call when we leave the
ceiling until he fell asleep.
the cigarette, not fully though. Sherlock exhales, and his pink tongue
here, in their small stuffy tent. The air is charged with it, and the
in the warmth of the sun and the light wind on his skin, to listen to the
hint of soap, and Sherlock. He runs his tongue across the head, across the
“What do you think of Bach’s
Sherlock never looks away, watching John as he goes over all the details of
the background noise of the world going round and round, year after year
to sob. John closes his hand around Sherlock’s cock and holds it. He
“I think so.” He bites his lips and smiles anyway, scratching his head. “He
John, gaze piercing.
The bus ticket with his address and phone number is still there. Thank
great focus. John is allowing someone else to see him like this. The other
modern Belarusian economy. Impeccable at first glance. ”
“It’s beautiful,” John says. “Christmas carols. Choirs.”
, including that dark patch of pubic hair and probably even his
a nap sounds like a good idea to John. He has been lying awake much too
anywhere close to what he felt. Back home, their flat seemed even more silent than usual. And suddenly, when John had just closed the living room door
“Here, take Matilda. Ask Mrs Hudson. I’ll be in the bathroom.“
the time. Almost bald, he shaves the little hair he has left. He is clad in
the pattern of the freckles on his shoulders?
uncomfortable. There was some rummaging outside his cell. Voices. The light
fast. Now, all he wants — of the limited range of things that he actually
believed me though. And that’s — that’s it, John. I used three times. Now
cigarette. Sherlock sits next to him, warm and motionless, looking as if
John huffs a laugh. After a while, he adds, “Glad you called the police.”
because he never closed the door when he was drunk. He never threw up,
from breaking apart. Sherlock’s arms, holding him tight and strong, the
to each other by the short cord of the earphones. They’d walked down the
connected to A.G.R.A. was gone. As well as everybody who knew that A.G.R.A.
presses back, but remains non-committal; John can’t feel his usual force of
happening right now.
schoolbooks and starts to study. Sometime in the afternoon, his head starts
starts to feel every single pad of Sherlock’s fingers. Their pressure eases
John licks his lips and feels a blush rising on his face. He quickly looks at Matilda again who is currently very busy playing with Sherlock’s dad and some
Sherlock again, who is casting him stolen sideways glances while talking to
hair. He gets into his sleeping bag, its light polyester lining cool and
information they have observed about each other between them as if in a
His old Pink Floyd t-shirt is sticking to his chest. John looks at him
Christ. He swallows. He’s going to have a talk with Harry.
It’s fascinating, and surely a bit dangerous. He can’t believe that a few
stops. He takes the few steps it needs to get to his bench. He doesn’t have
it was so intense, he would have shouted James’s name into the night. He
sensation is perfect. It’s so very much what Sherlock needs that it takes
“Jumped out of the van. I’m - I’m okay, I think,” Sherlock answers breathily.
calms down and he dozes off.
is.
Sherlock gasps, looking at him with hazy, glittering eyes, brightly silver
like this.
aren’t fine.
the faint light emerging through the curtains. He plays the pieces she
brain threatens to go momentarily offline. John halts, letting his thumb
everything.” Sherlock’s voice isn’t raised anymore. It is low and cautious
she wakes, read her all the books she loves, propped up against the
must be long over. He switches it off.
“That was beautiful, Sherlock. Come here.“
it’s so far away and surreal that he has to think twice if that really was
back. He feels Sherlock’s cock against the naked skin of his buttocks.
to leave tomorrow at the break of dawn. He just wants to exist in a place
talk, invading the space around them.
burden him with anything.
dancing in the hot air above the fire, rising high and higher until they
anticipated.”
“You’re swimming, too, then?”
“How did it turn out then?”
Instead of sending another text, Sherlock calls.
“Matilda, love, have fun.”
He brushes his thumb across Sherlock’s eyebrow and feels Sherlock lean into
wishes Bill was here now. The ones who know him, and who understand him,
takes them to their limits. They’ve hardly started to breathe normally
effortlessly changing into French. He places his hand close to John’s on
Sherlock looks out of the dining room window now, scanning the dark street
When the car finally comes to a halt at Baker Street, John touches Sherlock’s hand.
There will be further checks, though,” Sherlock replies, rolling his eyes.
pocket, none of them notice the man passing them on the sidewalk. Only when
“Hey. What are you up to?”
blocking any thought that had to do with her. In a perverted way, her death
John slows down and drinks a few greedy gulps, suddenly realizing he’s
muses.
turns dry.
up to the surface. He’s shocked by the sharpness, the intensity of it. He
retreated to the nearest wall to lean against in the darkness, holding a
“God, I didn’t see it then,” John says. It’s so incredible he almost
tell.
kiss. John can taste the happiness.
feeling inside Sherlock. He isn’t quite sure because it’s really fucking
tastes sweet, perfect, like the only thing that can sate John’s desire.
engines is louder here, pounding like a giant, mechanical heart. It almost
doesn’t quite know what to say, either. It’s all rather obvious, isn’t it?
John watches him. Sex with Sherlock is something he can never get used to. Pleasure starts pooling inside him, getting stronger – “God,
I really need to sleep. Good night.”
careful what you wish for. Looks like you got what you wanted.”
friends. He nods and listens as they tell him their names, trying to
hidden microphone with his thumb.
John looks up. Sherlock is wearing a towel around his hips, his hair is
isn’t impatient. He’s there, waiting for John.
than the past two months, bigger than them. John swallows, throat tight.
reasons, and he prays that it was something else that has made Sherlock
so tired, he could hardly work up the energy to talk. He thought of James,
German girls, who are leaving tomorrow morning. John hopes they don’t
During the first break on Tuesday John stands next to the school entrance,
and John finally agreed on some expensive DNA tests. The results were devastating. First, there was a genetic problem. John checked his medical journals
John focuses, doing his best to answer Harry’s question. “He — his pupils
moments.
closer. John can hear people talking and laughing, probably standing outside a pub and having a beer, just around the corner of the street.
there is only
Their gazes meet. Sherlock feels something charge up inside him, he is
take the tent down. It’s as if it’s already starting to break away from
slightly closer to each other, not touching, but a bit less distance between them.
the answers he needs. Without waiting for his swimming trunks or his hair
will pick the film tonight.”
first train in the morning. Sherlock is leaving now.
“I want to stay,” Sherlock interrupts. “I want to help you move.” He looks
Bill turns his head, and catches John’s gaze. “Shit, mate. ‘M'sorry.”
gay. And what that would mean. For them. For him.
John walks out of the hospital room onto the ward. After a few steps, he stares at the baby in his arm. She is so tiny and suddenly he feels awfully alone
undone.
heart ache.
lying on the table.
want me. Although I’ve obviously been an idiot and hurt you, and although I
and will never see again. His mind is blank, nothing but waiting and
fridge, and at least ten different pairs of shoes piling up at the front
The flight to London doesn’t even take twenty minutes, but it is enough
across his shoulder. John stands for a moment, watching the vee of his
school, but that day he noticed how most of the participants had zoned out
He dedicates his whole self to John, to John’s motions. He corrects little
He feels the responsibility, but it isn’t intimidating
John swallowed and replied “Thank you,” with a broken voice.
” A minute later Mycroft, looking disgruntled, does actually come to help John and Sherlock.
went back to England, how it all led up to Sherlock leaving him in the end—
of sleeping bags. He lifts his head to have a closer look.
electric sensation has reached every molecule of his being, and it’s going
that his legs are about to give out under him.
“That’s - that’s good. Thank God.”
They don’t stop, don’t break their posture. They don’t stop touching.
When the chips are ready, John tries a few, then pushes the plate away.
she lets go of John and sets the plate down on the kitchen table. “Tell
lungs. It’s grounding, and offers a strange, comforting feeling of calm. He
it looks like he’s wrangling with the words. John squints his eyes, and
wanted cocaine.
Sherlock thinks,
an alcoholic by then and your mother had lost all her self-confidence. You wanted to escape that life, too, feeling rather confined in that small town and
“Well. You’ve got John, brother dear. No need to be alarmed.”
Sherlock bends lower to kiss him, moving on top of him. John wants to
. Like most small
together with Sherlock. It’s autumn now, and summer’s gone.
kettle on. “Tea?”
Sherlock huffs a laugh. Before John can even blink, Sherlock is heading
with Sherlock.
listening. He lets Sherlock watch the sea.
He watches Eddie and James pluck the metal hooks out of the sandy ground,
day. She wanted to be able to discuss things with him calmly, try and solve
glistening.
doesn’t go slow. John groans again, he groans from the depths of his soul.
the sky above them. A few friends of Harry and Gemma meet in a pub, a loud
against the cloth of his old sleeping shirt. Sherlock’s chest moves with his calm breathing and his exhales feel warm on John’s arms. John falls asleep
says, “Very well. I shall expect a full report tonight. Thank you.”
“What? I’ve just come back… Do you want me to leave?”
the phone to speaker and puts it down next to him. In case Sherlock might
time in France, anything about the whole fucking holiday. He doesn’t want
Okay, John thinks. Look at him. That’s the man you’re — say it, Watson,
“Never again,” Sherlock had agreed before capturing John’s mouth again in
he does. But they manage to arrange themselves. Half an hour, a lot of panting against slippery tiles, hands tousled into wet hair and two breathtaking
bottle, his coat and his bag, the very one he came here with eighteen months ago. And then he left, without looking back.
He has to think of Bill. He stood so close to him last night, waiting until
doesn’t fucking know what to say.
eyebrow and a fluttering eyelid, along his cheek where tears have glistened
Gemma stands up and crawls into her tent, searching for something inside
“They’re invaluable. At least worth a try if the Secret Service doesn’t
her fly on her hands. Sometimes he would let her land on dad’s chest and
drawn to the surface and into Sherlock’s mouth. It’s only when Sherlock
dividing the cold earth from the cold autumn sky. He sets his feet down
right through him. John hardens his gaze, turning the eye-contact into a
Sherlock intruded into his carefully rearranged life, not giving a fucking damn how John felt. How he felt now and what he had been feeling during the past
It takes him a moment and he just fully realizes when he sits down next to him in the front: Sherlock looks quite unusual. He is wearing a pair of shorts
Two minutes later, Mycroft enters the living room.
milk, and goes back to reading. His book is a little predictable, and it
“Sherlock, James and Eddie
“Hurry!” Margaret commands with a smile, nodding at the door.
“Just about two and a half hours. After she was checked by the nurses and the paediatrician Mary had some time with her to say good-bye.“
car almost crashes into it. Sokół must be flooring the accelerator, the van
John doesn’t call Harry. He can’t talk for long enough to make it worth it.
John’s heart skipped a beat. Without thinking about it, he kissed back. He had kissed before – he had kissed girls. Rob went on kissing him, tongue and
“Homeless network.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and gives her a lopsided smile. “Decided to cut
legs.
“That’s lovely, thank you, Mycroft. Was it yours...?“
the morning with her.
“I was examined, in a military hospital in Germany. I would say it is both.”
Turing. There is something else. Something about them, or Sherlock.
spaghetti on his fork; takes sips of wine in between. He hasn’t eaten all
witnessed the inquisitive look Sherlock had cast his brother upon arriving
soft lips whose touch makes John cry, and the mess of John’s tears running
“Take care, love,” John hears their mum say, and she smiles in spite of the
looks, for his discomfort with being naked, although getting out off his
eyes shut for a split second. “To me, this means —,” he mumbles, and sighs,
Sherlock’s hand. He’s so fucking grateful Sherlock’s listening to all this
a woman waiting for him behind the wheel. John recognises her, it’s the one
can do is smile at him.
measure a few beats. They kiss, leaning in and drawing back a fraction, and
“God, you can’t have paid more than 20 francs for this one,” he says
Inside he finds a short note from Sherlock’s mother.
“You've come to do what?”
“Yes. You’re doing so well. Relax, John,” Sherlock had breathed against the
his heartbeat under control.
Sometimes, John is awake. Sherlock can tell by his breathing pattern the
after the too-short night, relieved that he won’t have to get up for the
“Those deliveries that required a license for hazardous goods. They have
salty breeze from the sea, feeling the soft ground under his feet, the wind
he fucking needs to come
just storming out of the house, bag in hand, not even looking at us, all
Never knew it might be fascinating,” John yawns.
John has to admit).
happen. He clears his throat, trying not to let himself be distracted. “Do
“Yes. We talked a lot over the past months. And now everything's just… easy. And fine. Christ, what am I saying. It's fucking amazing.“
sea. He’s enjoying being here with Sherlock, like this.
John opens his mouth and tries to get hold of a thought floating by at the
he dozed off. But then he remembers Mycroft’s safety measures. “Sherlock,
Sherlock is still watching him, and after a few more beats of silence he
There was nothing left for John but to take his bags and leave as well. He took a cab and went to Harry’s place.
to be fastest, to hold his breath the longest.
notes on a sheet of paper in between.
John didn’t really know what to say. He felt incapable of deciding anything these days. He had no idea what Sherlock was up to.
realises that Sherlock might not be used to thanking people — or to
offer any consolation, she doesn’t come up with any half-arsed
“John. I love you.”
the pain that is searing him from the inside.
“That would be lovely. Thanks.”
risen further and starts to shining directly on the tent. The inside of the
hasn’t dropped the glowing cigarette, he looks up at Sherlock. Sherlock is
They trudge through the short aisles of the shop, past a handful of other
wave.
Not daring to look at Sherlock again, he quickly takes a towel. He puts it in the sink, switches on the warm water for a few seconds, then spills some soap
it’s just the stress fading. He’s heard of that.
swallowing whatever the rest of this sentence might have been. “I wanted
during their trip, mostly of the sea, the beach and the sunset. She’d asked
extent she never would have imagined possible. Missing him is like
He has never seen Sherlock so vulnerable. He has to think of how he was lying in bed with him, on that first morning he woke up next to Sherlock. When
He tries to move his left hand and touches his head. It’s sticky and warm and he doesn’t need to open his eyes to know it is blood. He puts his hand down
almost every day. So she leaves to reasons to worry to the part of the
Mycroft’s demands.
go at each other, things will become harder. I do not want that. Don't
shut. She was crying. We went downstairs after a few minutes, and she was
okay, for him to laugh again, to see the excitement in his eyes he’d seen
frustratingly diversified.
slowly pulls down the zip. John licks his lips, leaning into Sherlock’s
wasn’t expecting it until in a few hours.” Mycroft’s face is slightly ashen
Sherlock is getting close, but the arousal and the excitement induced by
John looks at Sherlock questioningly.
just for this time. He’d kill to do it again.
John swallows.
to say. Fucking courageous.”
exists.
at John and licks his precome from his fingers.
Gemma and her dad arrive with her things.
situation is.
John can’t think of a single fucking sentence that would properly convey
invalided out of the army and it felt fucking horrible. Had a few tough
getting out of hand. I tried talking to Harry, but mostly she refused to
“Is it all over now?” she asks against his shoulder.
and the sound of the water of Sherlock’s shower.
He swallows hard.
caught in the act. Occasionally and in the most surprising situations,
it?”
fine swirling threads as he stirs.
John knows Sherlock likes it. Sherlock went back to his tent for a few
long-fingered hands. Oliver’s hands. Elio has pushed Oliver’s shirt up, his
Sherlock scans the place for their suspect, a kid disappearing among the
afternoon.
likes going to a lot of places. Well, at least to those places that aren’t
“Now, little bumble. John, I think she needs a new nappy.”
be notified much quicker by means of his almost invisible earpiece. John is
while they’re here. John does his best to let both of them enjoy this. He
inhaling the scent of his skin, the breeze and the salt of the sea still
It is, John likes having Sherlock so close. He is rather glad Sherlock doesn’t withdraw after their talk this morning. They watch some crap telly later on
And so John lifts
“Yeah,” John nods, suddenly missing Sherlock fiercely.
gesture of his hand.
“You better?” John asks.
, available for him. Or
John groans and goes down on the towels under Sherlock, balancing the open
is the way she is, that’s she’s her,
When their naked chests meet, he feels the warmth radiating from Sherlock’s skin. He buries his left hand in Sherlock’s hair, tousling and touching his
“Again it depends on what he’s actually taken,” Harry replies in a low
Nobody says a word. Sherlock turns towards the walls of the dome, where
School’s too much already, and he still isn’t fully well. He watches two
turned on his side. Sherlock in his dark blue swimming trunks on his pale
exchanged
“No.” He admits it far too quickly. It sounds like a sigh.
lot to me, maybe he could see that I, well, mean a lot to you, too.”
“Yes, love?”
rumbling of the washing machine that makes him shake as he cries silently.
spilling over his shoulder and chest. The disbelief at the realization that
Sherlock: Experiencing something new, and apparently enhancing his mind. Distraction. It wasn’t that Mycroft didn’t understand what Sherlock might find
pack. John gets a few boxes and Sherlock starts to pack books, then they
Rob smiled at him and left and John smiled on the whole way back home.
he starts playing
he already knows that he’ll find nothing but cool emptiness in the space
and food feels fucking superfluous,
“You most certainly are, Sherlock. You and Greg should go home. Try to
“John.”
Sherlock loses track of time. Then he is close, so very, very close, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God... He cries out John’s name and John kisses him, kisses him until he is shaken by the aftershocks.
out, or any of us. And by now, I’m just fucking done with him. What does he
when he was relaxed.
needs it. John is learning, quickly and eagerly, how Sherlock likes it,
too, and no one gives a fuck.
grinning so hard that John almost coughs.
asking him to hold on for a moment. John is watching him, taking care of
and standing right next to him. He can see him from the corner of his eye,
He tries to picture the kind of letter he might get from Sherlock. He
It’s new, it’s exciting, and although there’s an edge of the intimidating
their own direction.
with an underlying anger at himself because he doesn’t know how to make
cheese on the soft dough. It’s delicious although it should be far too hot
there — there was this one moment when I thought that I might, well, kiss
The thundering of John’s heart sounds loud even over the rattling of the
food for the train ride, he realises, and something to drink.
“Understood. Go!” says another voice over radio, one of Mycroft’s soldiers
Matilda. He slept on the sofa, one of Matilda’s books splayed open on his
his family refuses to support him. He’s gay. He’s queer. Just like John’s…
heaves with desperate, deep breaths and hidden sobs. He takes a step back
Station.
undresses him and kisses his neck. Sherlock shivers as the shirt slips from
at him.
them on the kitchen table hours later.
The car takes them to a place John has never seen. After a driving for a
He hears her voice, too many steps ahead of him.
Sherlock giggles.
The phone rings. Sherlock grabs it and checks who is calling in the early
He’s it, John thinks, and he isn’t sure whether he ever wanted to kiss
hands is gone, and instead Sherlock takes John’s cock into his foam-slick
detail, and he feels desire and fascination prickling under his skin again.
himself.
Sherlock scans through the files again.
Sherlock’s come, when Sherlock is leaning up and taking over, gently
He rubs his hand
shouted.
ago. He stopped. No tube. Not after tonight, when he had feared he would be blown up in a tube compartment that turned out be a giant bomb.
doesn’t seem to matter to them that she isn’t Sherlock’s biological daughter. Or that all of this is still
be a fucking doctor.
listening to Sherlock’s CDs, and the others are chatting, drinking,
very loud, but he’s not whispering either. He’s not fucking hiding it.
secret mobile and the code for encrypted messages. Sokół did a bit of
never been so terrified of hoping.”
and meets his eyes. “And they thought it might be nice to have you around.
sneaking into John’s personal space countless times, just to experience his
The front door falls shut behind them. Their shoulders brush as they walk
words, with both happiness and the feeling of having done something
“Shower. We’ll meet downstairs in two minutes.”
But the words get
“You’ve made it. Sokół. You’ve finished him off.”
found the keyhole. The way he‘d stamp up the stairs, never taking his shoes
hype that often came with cocaine is the exact opposite of sleep.
The night is warm at the campfire, and the atmosphere feels somehow
dome of St Paul’s and the glistening facade of the Shard and all the
The next day he gets a text with Elio’s address. They turn up at half past
blush he feels heating his cheeks.
knowledge of the language is barely enough to communicate the most basic
illustrious details about how he made sure Mr Hudson was sentenced to death. When Mrs Hudson got up to open a second bottle of sherry, John noticed that he
laugh about together. Foreign territory for Sherlock altogether.
breath and blurts out, “But I’ve always used condoms with my girlfriends
It’s a good home, John thinks, and just for one weekend, he’ll allow
secret only they know about. They kiss each other’s noses and earlobes, and
neck; an intimate spot, a place no one ever touches, warm with life against
her friend. “He looks in her direction all the time.”
“You alright, Sherlock?”
John feeling useless, then about the mission. The responsibility was
John can’t tear his eyes away from Sherlock’s hard cock, from the slender
and saw the glow getting brighter, as if someone dragged on the cigarette.
And this was how they set up a little routine. John went out a lot, walking on the beach, marching against the storm for hours. It felt as if he could use
mouth as well, just allowing himself to be captured by Sherlock again,
they’ll be apart.
do about it but
“Who?” Sherlock steals a fork of John's mushrooms.
head above the water, as if his body momentarily had forgotten the order in
He watches Sherlock slipping his finger into his mouth, licking it, coating
Sherlock looks miserable; a tired, wrung-out version of how John remembers
“Together,” Sherlock breathes. “Together.”
hidden joy of putting his own lips in the exact same spot where Sherlock’s
It’s not long before John is overwhelmed by an unavoidable, unpostponable
there in her jeans, the button already undone. She’d been barefoot, wearing
battle. In the end, Sherlock just looks away. It feels safer, but not
Kirk's crew are facing some unsurprisingly hostile Klingons on a dark and
when he tried it on first. And even though he was still wondering how Sherlock got his measurements, he had to admit he never owned such a well-fitted
So, that's it!
and he is pleasantly awake. He leans against the headboard and starts reading the newspaper.
alcohol. He doesn’t need any fucking translation to know what this is
over Sherlock’s nipples and almost make him gasp.
And what John’s doing is — waiting for him.
But still, hadn’t he just done that?
He leaves the tent open to allow some fresh air inside, and then gets back
“John.”
both panting, and none of them knows whether it is arousal or nerves
“John. How was it at Harry’s?”
sex usually meant.
drink. “Just swam for ages.”
starts walking across the lawn towards the house of Sherlock’s parents.
“You smell good,“ John says, his voice muffled against Sherlock’s shirt. He presses a kiss to his chest and then his fingers travel under his shirt, brush
completely. He looks at Harry again, flashing her an attempt at a smile.
to kiss him. John pulls back his finger, runs it across Sherlock’s
“I’m not sure,” John says, playing for time. He clears his throat. “The
He exhales, pausing for a moment. The anger and worries tightening his
invade his bedroom through the curtain and the open window. Even in here,
The cab is still stuck somewhere on Oxford Street in a line of cars, cabs and busses, moving very slowly.
noticing details he didn’t see last night. Traces of the life his sister is
hushed by the the city’s noise and the
stubbornly alive, defiant in the face of fate, of life, everything.
Sherlock takes him a few feet away where it’s darker, into the half-light
entirely superfluous, dramatic and fucking gorgeous shot of his naked
Suddenly John is very aware of the fact that he’s bisexual, as if it was as
smells so much like home that it makes his heart ache. He feels puffs of
A delicate worship of the person that is most precious to John, that he
“Yeah, ‘course we will,” John says. He wants to say it firmly, as if this
She’d had her hair cut last year, it’s not much longer than John’s now. She
He was hoping John had forgotten about his offer.
John got up to fetch some painkillers. Sherlock accepted them without any fuss. He lay down and turned on his side, facing John. He looked at John’s hands
had he been feeling as if he had to earn how to speak again, how to form
John’s surprised to realise that he’s perfectly calm now, and that Eddie is
just Sherlock’s hands on his body, gently rubbing sand across the skin as
take down every feeble wall that protects his heart.
ignore how the idea of Sherlock wearing his clothes has lit a small bonfire
their tents.
Half-heartedly, they let go of each other and peel out of their coats and
“Our man in Warsaw has heard hints about the big operation. Sokół is
“What happened? Afterwards? He - James - was at your wedding.”
“And what about him?“
Harry’s bag sits on the floor in the hallway, so she is home already.
him, telling him in a low voice how Elio abused the fruit.
sometimes, she drank just — at home. Without any reason except for — all of
It happened during John’s third year in Afghanistan. In his first year,
And with that, a small idea is born in his mind.
inflames every muscle, every blood vessel, every nerve ending, every cell
A second chair is empty, and a phone exactly like John’s own safe phone is
some of her advice. Sherlock is watching him, and something in Sherlock’s
them.
understands that he’d better get used to it — to being fucking far away
“Yeah, Mycroft. In that case. Well.”
mobile after yet another mention of the film had popped up again on his
backpack. He keeps his eyes closed whenever he can, in a desperate attempt
“I just consider John to be the only person who is actually capable of
it, understanding that she’s as happy as he is.
He had tried to swallow down the giant lump in his throat.
mph, find their seats and manage to store the amount of luggage this train
for Sherlock, and they’re talking.
“I do.”
John realises that they never talked about if and where Sherlock is going
out the bottle of champagne that Sherlock had bought spontaneously on the
of everything. He wants to watch him come undone, to surrender himself to
down.
“They’re searching Valadsko right now. Sokół’s dead and there have been a
down quickly.
fuck him to get to this point.
When they finally turn to swim back to the shore, John scans the beach,
any pressure to it, just a touch of skin on skin. He wants it to be barely
slept here, just for the fun of it.”
slip back into the warm cocoon their bodies have molded into the linens and
knows.” He shrugs his shoulders.
out in frustration - “forever.” Sherlock’s exhale is loaded with
He huffs a helpless laugh and begins to type,
side any more. He turns around, searching for him. His tall, slender figure
Monday. Leave now, or I’ll report you to the owners, and then your holiday
Sherlock stops and stands next to his bed. He looks as if he feels a little
him.
blinking that tells John something must be going on in that mind of his.
The girl had to stay in hospital, on the neonatology ward. She wasn’t healthy. She didn’t put on as much weight as she was supposed to and she grew very
John watches him like he just watched the sea. He lets the impressions wash
the ice.
“John. I am so happy you’re here.”
more and more aware of the tension of the last few days fading from his
back of his neck and down his spine.
John smiles when he says, “I hope so. It feels really unusual to you, isn’t
the horizon stretched no further than to that shabby little company his dad worked for, to the next pub, to the gossiping neighbours, to the last streets
dance?
wildest dreams come true.
Sherlock’s slick anus.
joy bubbling ridiculously in his belly and at some point, he hadn’t been
the future are turning into things they can actually
get her?”
John kisses her cheek, and walks upstairs, thinking that she probably
John’s. When John finally looks at him, there’s a boundless curiosity
incapable of evading it, it has already sneaked in behind his closed
the Holmes’s house. She is barely able to reach the door handle, but she is
own need to thrust into Sherlock’s perfect, hot mouth is getting near
but Sherlock holds out his hand, silencing James, and turns to John.
thinking, he lies down on his back and exhales the smoke.
get through this shit together.
“Sure, Harry,” John murmurs to himself.
for a while, just because it would ensure access to it. After a few months,
Sherlock groans, and thrusts harder and quicker into John’s fist for a few
are only a few guests scattered around the other tables — enough, though,
Sherlock says. “Shame. But I’m 92% sure it would have been sugar anyway.”
“Coffee would be perfect, we didn’t have time for breakfast. Maybe in 20
play.
temperature of their bodies, then warmer, reddening their skin.
to be with you nearly fucking killed me.”
his life; everything that they managed to talk about tonight, no matter how
and John is even more grateful. Sherlock lights the cigarette, drags and
her, but still she
breath, long enough for a rapidfire of anger and frustration and questions
of suffocation from inside the tent is gone. He isn’t sweating anymore, and
But, fuck, John means every bit.
undergoing. It’s monumental, he knows that much.
“Any news about Greg?”
(He considered the experiment a success at this point. Masturbating into a
John leans in for another kiss, tongue wet and warm, taste incomparable.
the first time, and of the fear that had been there.
Sherlock’s parents live. He is almost disappointed that they will have to
John carefully, tentatively leads.
And, finally, next to a pile of books on pirates, bees and the basic
Finally, John says, “You need to sleep, Sherlock.”
“He — we both thought that you two might need some… some time together.”
“How long are you going to stay, Sherlock?” John asks, eyes following the
meticulous planning has been in vain, because Sokół managed a strike when
“Yes, John, I do want that, too, but right now, I’m talking about something else.”
on him.
They have missed the first bit. Captain Kirk is just being informed that he
It does take ages, though, and Sherlock keeps wriggling out of their grip
Sherlock doesn’t take any notice of him. He could stretch out his hand and
don’t notice that it causes harm as well.”
“And how would you know?”
The next few days were like a numb, grey, cold cloud. Papers had to be signed and arrangements to be made. They did what had to be done, although it was an
the water gets a little colder.
Sherlock nods with shaky exhale, and then John kisses him again, so
“Oh fuck, Sherlock,” he gasps, his voice trembling. Sherlock inhales with a small moan. For an endless minute, John tries to resist the impulse of putting
gets used to the pain — the one in his heart and the one in his throat; he
Sherlock looks at him in amused disbelief, but his light green-silvery eyes
Sherlock’s still holding John’s gaze when his lips start to curl into a
himself to inhale and watches Sherlock, with his head still lying heavily
“Got my jacket, it’s okay.” Sherlock still doesn’t meet his eyes.
after this wave of emotions.
where he thinks Harry is. After a few minutes, it’s glorious. He feels more
John leans back, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. His voice is deep and rough when he pulls Sherlock towards him and breathes out, “Yes.“
snorkling in the ocean with her fucking pink diving mask, the day after he
John smiles, more to himself actually, and kisses Sherlock again. Sherlock is desperate for it, he wants to feel John that way, he wants to know what it is like, doing that, he isn’t sure if he has ever been this curious before.
It’s a long time until they stop kissing. Sherlock lifts his hand and
being in love like that, desiring someone like that. Feeling someone else’s
way. They grab their towels and take the steep path to the beach. The rain
How it reminded him of all the days he has spent with John, chasing through
more, instead he looks at Sherlock’s hand on the arm rest of the chair, at
camping site and call an ambulance.”
like this. Wanted him like this.
He has always known there must have been
John breaks their kiss. Sherlock looks completely bewildered. John smiles at him, nods at the door of 221b and pays the cabbie. When Sherlock realizes where
there is no alternative to
Sherlock frowns. “Who?”
fucking pissed out of pure helplessness. What an idiot he was to think that
back. You won’t. So stop thinking about being back in England, you’re
But the closer he gets, the more he starts to feel that something is wrong.
sand and the wind around them. A creaky voice announcing the next train
follows Sherlock naked into the dark ocean.
“John,” Sherlock finally says, and his voice sounds so weird that John once
John realizes he is sweating slightly. His ears feel as if they were put on
absolute and consuming, without compromise.
John lies down on the sofa with Matilda in his arms.
“2.9 tonnes of ammonium nitrate will make an impressive amount of ANFO, but
John forces another breath into his lungs, and out again. He focuses on the
John stares at him.
Sherlock’s belly tensing; he must be just one breath, just one stroke away
than usual.
“You sure? Are you going to be okay?” John tries, reason battling against
tell, he just sounds tired. His voice is lacking the weird softness from
his neck, fingernails scraping lightly over his skin and scalp. His touch
He goes on playing with Matilda and her new toy for a while. He doesn’t see that Sherlock has stopped staring at his screen, with an expression of both
wants to hold on to the intimacy and closeness, and to the fucking ease
“I’ll just go upstairs with them,” Sherlock sighs and gets up to go
spend any money on.
Mycroft had taken a deep breath. “Ryan, how is he?”
stirring it to glow.
his come is, and rubs slow circles, spreads it until both his hand and
Sex has never felt like this.
cooperated. He only ever was a voice on the phone or the sender of encoded
Holmes, that correct?”
He can smell Sherlock, salt and sweat and hair, and he can hear him, small
although they’re brighter, and there’s a hint of blue, adding up to a near
inside and doesn’t come out for ages. John decides to get a sandwich from
the parts about Sherlock, the kiss that didn’t happen, the touches when
cups it and feels its heat through the thin fabric. When he circles his
He saw Sherlock a lot less those days, even though Sherlock tried to be in the hospital whenever possible. John presumed he or Mycroft had sped up the
Sherlock turns and looks at John. Something sparks in his eyes - joy and,
He is heavier than John, but less fit. And rather used to pub brawls than trained in combat. John parries a few ill-aimed punches. When Evans goes down on
John starts moving his hand again, slowly at first, giving Sherlock the
other than you may think, Sherlock, I do
completely lost in the music, dancing barefoot in the sand with closed
And so people find out or are being told about John and Sherlock. When John accidentally calls Sherlock “love” on a crime scene, Lestrade’s team takes the
the wind, stroking across the beach and the land as if soothing them back
licks into his bellybutton and down the line of dark blond hair leading
this gesture is. He tries to pull back, shocked by his own boldness, like a
fingers. Closing his eyes again and exhales, he strokes Sherlock’s naked
instructs them in Polish. Mycroft interprets Ryś’s orders simultaneously
a lot more at each other than at John and Sherlock. Gemma leans in to kiss
John groans again, deeply and hungrily. He presses forward, too, and
Sherlock starts to caress John’s belly in slow, sleepy strokes, following
“So, that logistics company of Sokół’s,” John says. “I, ah, went through
each other — this one was deep, warm, carrying all the affection they felt
After a few moments, he managed to unclench his jaw enough to speak again.
Sherlock will hurt, but because he
doesn't let go of John. So John follows, they shift and clumsily push two
Cassiopeia.”
Sherlock doesn’t touch him anymore. It’s John who touches him, brushing his
see... it isn't that much, but might supply an impressive unit.” After a
they love me no matter what, et cetera.”
life awaiting him there. He pulls on the cigarette again and goes back to
“Sherlock, I’d like to go for a walk. Regent’s Park, maybe. We could take Matilda in her pram. What do you think?”
what I expect you to do! I am taking
gradually changes his position until he’s leaning against John’s shoulder,
holds John, panting, and holds him, and holds him. They’re pressed against
He was ashamed of wanking while he thought of the dead man he loved. And
France and kept under his pillow ever since. Sherlock looks at it, raises
John thinks as he takes a deep breath and dives into the water to fetch it.
Sherlock pulls John’s trunks down. It’s incredibly arousing to finally be
treated to make sure he didn’t freak out about spilled milk or dirty rugby
his life and every possible reality he might ever exist in. They leave
merciful, he doesn’t remember anything. It lasts long enough to reach out
completely focused on the man. He watches his every move intently.
sexuality today. He’s had a bloody crush on him ever since he saw their
his lungs, with every muscle he moved. He knew there hadn’t been anything he could have done. And he still felt like an utter failure. The pain was
Sherlock’s fucking outstanding in every way.
believe that Novak is able to turn into a ruthless criminal if demanded.
like a desert island. It’s a surreal, barren place, there’s nothing but
He doesn’t know what to think of the army, now even less than before he met
to the beach and only realizes a few minutes later that he’s heading in the
and tearing away his reluctance to face the unknown. Whenever John meets
skin and in a few moments’ time they’ll give away his arousal. He forces
John’s phone pings with an incoming text.
“I’d love to go to med school. I really want to be a doctor.” John’s voice
But soon the cold creeps back in, into his empty bed that lacks the warmth
forehead. He meets Sherlock’s eyes after that kiss and kisses him, too. A moment longer than the average Good Morning Kiss might take and with a hint of
John would catch Rob’s glimpse and hold his gaze. Rob looked at him fiercely, determined, challenging him. John. Not the player from the other team playing
“Sherlock, come on.“ John stands in the door, wearing a fresh jumper, his coat in his hand.
even a day away, drawing closer by the minute.
hands. John turns towards him, just when Sherlock is biting off a piece. He
Arnel says, typing the prices into the cash register.
it. But now — now it
“Sherlock,” John starts, and stops to clear his throat. He tries to will
a sound. Maybe nobody else would even notice, nobody who wasn’t looking at
long until he feels sick of the sight of himself. Afterwards, John sits on
Sherlock slowly turning from one side to the other. Crawling so close to
Matilda has a close look at Bee and reaches her hands out for it after a while. Then she manages to get one of Bee’s soft antennae into her mouth and coos
John sighs, leaning into the touch, against the warm points of contact. He
“I’ll be downstairs, right?” Lestrade says as he heads towards the door.
“The music.”
to understand. It takes him two long breaths, then his throat goes dry.
worried about Matilda.
, do it. It is one of the best films Benedict Cumberbatch has starred in and his acting is breathtaking.
breath warm on his face and then John’s lips are on his.
around the fire. The chatter is dying down. John glances at Harry and
problems differently.
When John slips his fingers under the waistband of his pants, Sherlock’s
“I think we'd love to. When do you want us to come over?”
Most things are piled up at the side, ready to be taken to the car. John
reason to believe that Chichester is the closest he has got to you, that
him. And doing that, John had taken him back into his mouth. Sherlock’s
around the head of his cock, of his lips on his shaft or the absolutely indecent little noises he makes when he tastes his precome. Not to mention his
wanted to know how I was. I was… I wasn’t well, in spite of Mary. But not
considers walking to his bench, sitting down there for a while. But somehow
at himself and his flawed memory, that he’ll never forget it. Not for a
shoulder blades.
around him has changed, and everything feels open at this moment, now that
watching while fidgeting with his drink.
Water runs down between John’s fingers, water that has been clinging to
Please note that at the time being I have to step back from my two-weekly posting schedule. I'll post as quickly as I can, but real life is a thing these days.
himself for the answer.
water, so that there are just a few inches of water covering your face. And
Reid interrupts him, “Yes, of course. Here you are. You’ll find the invoice
He said he’d been — worried out of his mind. Asked a ton of questions.
tumbling against the beach. He looks at Sherlock, and he knows with
gives them some privacy.
He sighs.
smells like him. John sinks back into his pillow, burying his nose in it the way he did last night.
Sherlock’s. It spreads through his body like liquid gold, filling the empty
he is worth his trust, but he can’t tell if it is enough. Sometimes John is more relaxed and
Harry looks at Sherlock, curled against John’s shoulder.
more. John had been about to lose his mind over the fact that he will marry
rather a lot of sleep throughout the last weeks. Do go on, please.”
back. I knew you’d hate it, and I was so—” Sherlock pauses, as if searching
being over-protective… Sherlock had used him whenever possible. He had
misses the calmness of their beach. He has to think of his bench at the
the shape of Sherlock’s back in the dark. He listens to the sound of his
close to him after everything they’ve done during the last few days. All
exhale, adds, “I want it so fucking much.”
cramping stomach too much. There’s a bottle next to his sleeping bag, even
“Hey, Johnny,” Harry yawns. She sits cross-legged in the sand next to her
the shadow across the square, disappearing through one of the side doors of
tea on the table, she’s there. She combs a hand through her hair, still
“And then? How did you go on? How did make your life together?”
Tower over a stony sea of roofs, and he nudges Sherlock’s side to show him.
earlobe meets his neck, inhaling the smell of him. Then he takes another
It’s a beautiful song, slow and melancholy and John has the vague
watches the wet, pink tip of tongue dart across his full lower lip. And
John is in. John feels the truth of it with every fibre of his being. This
strong when he wants to be. John’s chest touches Sherlock’s as they
“What is it? Sherlock?“
“Yes. When I was a kid and he was home from boarding school, I’d sneak up
“And then there was—”
friend.
for their friends or family at the beach. John and Sherlock are hidden in
There’s a barely audible inhale from John.
the eyes of a stranger, overly aware of every detail now that Sherlock is
shower house, eager to get away from the tents and to give his sister and
brought water, his head is spinning.
love, his need for Sherlock in his life into it.
He wonders if he should have some more wine than usual to fight the
exhaling grey smoke into the cold air.
in Warsaw. Mr Novak, Sokół’s men will come to pick you up tomorrow morning
now. He feels utterly useless.
girl he was trying to coax into snogging at her parents’ front door at
the same time.
understands that now he can’t take it back, now his mum knows. He only told
“Honestly, I don't know either. A lot of days are still quite bad. But not as bad as a few weeks ago.“
to eat properly. He always has to look away when Sherlock licks his fingers
clinging to it, and impatiently demanding
Sherlock and giggling against his neck, and Sherlock presses his lips to
He runs his hand across Sherlock’s naked sides, the tender skin between his
“Sorry?” John is puzzled.
waited for the next train.” His hand in John’s feels warmer now. “Might’ve
found out later. He’d met her at the pub, she was quite a bit younger than
every stroke of his fingers. He feels every tender wrinkle of the furled
in the sand an arm’s length away, lost to the world, bent over his book on
the kitchen after he got up around half past four in the afternoon.
name, lips pressed to John’s skin as if completely afloat. They held each
necessary things.
for Greg.
When they get off the cab John sees a curtain on the kitchen window move. A second later, Mrs Holmes opens the front door. She is so happy to see Sherlock, John realizes. She hugs him tightly, kisses him on both cheeks. When Sherlock manages to escape from her, she looks at John. She hesitates for a moment and finally opens her arms to give him a slightly more official hug.
place.
Sherlock?
press against his own lips, and it gives his stomach that feeling of
move,
They lie in each other’s arms until they've caught their breaths again. John can’t let go of him, and neither can Sherlock. They kiss, short, open kisses,
glow, and watches flakes of cigarette ash dance down to the ground. They
“Oh. Shut. It. Now. Sherlock.“
ways? He’s got to know him in so many ways already.
to see a man entering the room.
took him to his bed. When John wanted to ask if he really should stay here, his voice croaked and he couldn't speak.
John lets his hand rest on Sherlock’s chest, on the spot right above his
“Yeah, Harry, hi!”
sweat. “Yeah,” he laughs, feeling a blush heat his cheeks. “It’s alright.
weighs heavier than every other emotion; it dampens and darkens all of
Eddie laughs, he looks happy, nothing like he did two days ago, when he hit
he is grateful to keep his mind busy. There have been infuriatingly little
are, no matter how often John looks at his belly and says that it’s not
John does his best not to think of her – he tried to forgive her, he really did. Out of a sense of duty and obligation. Because of their child. And because
of his sleeping bag, hoping the cold water will wake and refresh him. He
dancing. (With a tentative kiss.) Maybe, if he ever musters the courage,
the call back to Valadsko’s headquarters in Stratford. He told me that
and filthy. He moaned again, louder, and it
thinking that, fuck, this
People are leaving the dune in a hurry to escape the rain, and someone
John swallows. In the army he’d only have seen Sherlock on the weekends, or
He catches Sherlock’s eyes, open and vulnerable, saying,
to the sea, back to the shore, and out again. John watches him, never
“Maybe we should both go to bathroom before falling asleep…”
disrupt the silence. Sherlock’s parents get back into the living room and
less. He had been John’s partner, his boyfriend. And Matilda’s… well, she
“Proper date? Without Matilda? Have we
John’s shoulder and falls asleep a moment later.
graduation at Cambridge. Sherlock had missed a few months due to rehab and
“So. Does she like it then?”
“It was nice.”
Yes, me too.
John, since they can’t finish what they started. At the shower house,
bucket of icy water to the face. A small group of people is yelling and
The second time John wakes, he’s alone in his bed. Everything is brighter,
together, he commands to himself.
“Oh! Oh.”
“Did she, finally. Anything else?”
in every song, until sorrow and pain are woven into what used to be
“Sir, do you hear me? Mr Holmes? Please reply.”
downstairs to the kitchen.
“’M so fucking glad we did this, Sherlock,” John whispers, pulling back to
fascination with Sherlock and his jealousy – it was all connected to
of spending his time at the clinic.
tight muscle and then started licking against his entrance.
crashing softly. John walked towards the west, where the sun was just setting behind the sea. Walking in the sand was more strenuous than walking on London
Sherlock knows it.
dwelling inside them. They touch each other all the time.
John huffs a breath, not sure he understands.
eyebrows that keep him wondering if they are as soft as they look. He looks
they stay like this, not moving, just... feeling. Getting used to this,
He stares at James for an interminable minute, and then at Sherlock, while
“I’ve asked members of the homeless network to watch out for things.”
hungry. Beautiful and devastating.
Sherlock’s in hospital. I need to see him.”
John Watson of the Fith... Fifth Nosummer…,” Sherlock blinks, takes a deep breath and finally manages with pride and
“No. Don’t.”
more. John is surprised and relieved about the comfort he finds in this odd
current’s too strong, it takes too much energy, and they can’t see much in
needs something to eat. He brushes another kiss against Sherlock’s warm
their climaxes rise and they don’t even need to move any faster, because it all just
John doesn’t hear the rest of the loudspeaker announcement, because
“Just this one time, Sherlock. One time.”
scrawled on it in John’s handwriting, messy after
John smiles. That was more than he had expected.
blissfully ignorant of what he has learned throughout the past hours. When
“Agreed. No secret cigarette stash in your Persian slippers or anywhere else in this flat. If she accidentally eats one of those, she’s dead.”
not saying a
is beating like mad when he finally crosses the waistband and the cotton of
can see fucking everything. He just touched him there, and he’s going to do
The moment John and Bill arrive at Nick’s party, he knows that coming here
When John turns to go to the showers, Sherlock steps closer. He lifts his
chasing each other, their footsteps churning sand into the air as they run
on the plastic. The pauses in their conversation lengthen. It’s hot, and
“Birthday,“ he mumbles, gracefully slides out of bed, shuffles into the bathroom. After a few minutes, John can hear him walk around in the flat. When
Mycroft.”
doesn’t say a word. They sit for a long time. John lifts his head, staring
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I mean you’ve been at the sea at night, right? You
Sherlock’s eyes go wider, and the playfulness and the doubts are wiped
medical research—” John points out, and he’s not nearly finished when
campsite can hear them.
They walk down the narrow aisle between the rows of seats. John tries not
gulf between this dark December night in London and sunlit summer days in
“Eddie and James know, don’t they?” John asks eventually.
everyday annoyances when so much bigger things are happening. And at the
the stem had once sat.
cellar.” John huffs a laugh, not knowing where it came from – frustration
a lot better now. It was... complicated, you know.“
“Oh. Right.” John raises his eyebrows and decides to swallow that sentence with ‘happy announcement’ and ‘end of the week’. He just squeezes Mycroft’s lower arm and smiles. He leaves Mycroft to his dessert and tries to find Sherlock.
about how he’d wrapped Sherlock’s hand around the scrap of paper he’d
leans against the backrest, and together they look at the sea and the beach
himself. Sherlock pictured himself there, lying on that bed in the house in
away as he sees the look in Sherlock’s eyes. It’s the kind of look that
brioches
Sussex,
Last week, Sherlock took him to a crime scene for the first time. It went
time.”
They don’t go for casual declarations of love. They do say it,
loudly in the silence of their tent. He fumbles with the packaging,
down the street that leads to their tents, and to the path to the beach.
This was his last resort, the hope
Sherlock’s cock. He wraps his fingers around the shaft and it’s good that
for John, right
“John. Enjoying yourself?”
the impression that Sherlock might have liked her, but rather definitely
it was that feels too much. It was just — more than he can handle. He can’t even look at it. He doesn’t
They are still standing in a close embrace. Sherlock lifts his right hand
people start ordering their drinks for the last call, Harry hooks her arm
all week. John watches him, checks if he’s any different with him, knowing
— and it makes
“Hey John,” Harry replies from the kitchen, probably preparing dinner. John
into the pillow, hoping it will swallow all of the noise he makes.
sleep come, lulled by the humming of the engine.
“What the fuck are you doing, John? He’s come here, he’s traveled on a
The next song starts with guitars and what must be flutes.
“I know,” John whispers, and gives a quick, experimental lick to Sherlock’s
of the bed. Finally his fingers touch the rustling polyester fabric of the
and see Sherlock’s cock getting hard, a bulge in his dark trousers. They
just a year older than him and, come to think of it, it must be humiliating
“Matilda, love, I’m so sorry. I know things aren’t easy. I know you miss
“I’ll call you tomorrow, John.”
visible,” the young doctor says.
Sherlock chuckles at a joke John has cracked. The song ends and John is
getting involved. Do not.” His voice is icy.
In Sherlock’s mind palace, all the locks and PIN-pads for the small,
Mostly John sleeps better these days, now that he’s more exhausted, now
sucks in a breath and gets up quickly, tears clouding his vision.
closed. He inhales, the air warmed by their bodies, carrying the scent of
Mycroft indeed has. Sherlock takes out a new suit and shirt and even a
play the fool for him, if Sherlock just lets him witness the beauty of his
stitches.
John loves the film at once, and he is determined not to let Sherlock ruin
. Now John is panting hard, he knows he won’t last much longer. They feel
Another wave bathes their feet, the water cool against the skin of John’s
never felt this fucking naked, it’s more than just not wearing any clothes.
have a hangover
Sherlock looks up. He’s wearing one of John’s t-shirts, and he can only
naked for the first time. He wasn’t prepared for the amount of emotion he
later, he’s running down their street, the opposite direction from the one
uncomfortable. Sherlock turns his head to look at John after a moment. And
aside and opens his bedroom window. He can’t focus on her words, but he
finished, she leaves to take a shower.
breathing hard and fighting nausea. He feels for his phone, finally finds
can’t tell what will happen if he gets too close to him this very second.
his arms and legs feel alien, wrong; they weigh tons and his skin prickles
It’s half past eight. They’ll be on their way tomorrow at six in the
“You… you knew. About this. You wanted to show me. This. The algae,” John
feels, that he fears that tomorrow he, too, will irretrievably lose a part
place where their swing used to be.
can't keep her from eating dough all the time, and reckoned something
when he gets up, puts the cigarettes into the pocket of his shorts and
this. Because it would turn him on to vocalize his own arousal, to be lewd
clothes Mycroft got him, even that cap (not the worst idea in winter, he
time, almost forgetting to catch his train. After watching the trailer of
She will hug both John and Sherlock and she will cuddle Matilda. And she
tell by the furrows on Mycroft’s forehead that something must have
that Greg asks if he is alright.
John gives in with a little moan.
interrupting their quiet intimacy. With a low rustle they shift and change
Also, some smut (and it's only chapter 2).
when they kissed in front of the others for the first time.
he’s wearing.
girlfriend, but he grins, and marvels at their happiness.
before they had Matilda. But this was definitely one of the most thrilling
daughter,” Mycorft says, stating the obvious, as he closes his laptop after
“Right.”
Within a second, one of Mycroft’s black vans materialises in front of
John had thought.
stars dance. John takes another swig from the bottle of wine. He sits close
it’s warm, but not enough to burn the tongue. Sherlock takes a sip, licking
When the awkwardness reaches a point close to unbearable, John gets up. He
John watches the sunset begin as they swim towards it, slower and more lazy
pictures of people at the fire.
you know. Ask.”
John's list for ages. His actor is said to make a somewhat veiled
Sherlock’s hand down to his cock and past it, past his balls. Sherlock
They take each other further, until Sherlock’s moans become one long,
When he finishes the last button on her new romper, he pauses for a moment.
dark, charcoal waves with white crowns of froth drawn to the shore by a
get out. Just from time to time. Getting a bit of cabin fever here… Do you
and Sherlock throws back his head, arches his back and comes heavily, spurting two, three, four times and then everything goes still.
as if to find anything new in there, any other way out of this. He doesn’t
“Let’s go swimming,” Sherlock says. He sounds more like his usual self now,
past years, Mycroft even has been rather helping than just monitoring and
if he still does. Does he still think John will be a good doctor? But
down. You provided James with all the data he will need in hospital. It was
Harry’s, his naked feet in the cool sand.
gather in the small of his back.
hurt each other even more. Briefly he thinks about his mum, how she’ll
press them against his lips and kiss them.
of a tease and a promise in his voice.
wants to feel every inch of his body, but he doesn’t know how to start. He
even further, down to the sub-atomic level. He can’t control the way he
He thrusts into Sherlock’s body, slowly and steadily building to a faster pace, riding that wave that promises to become a crashing orgasm. Sherlock groans, curses alternating with John’s name. They stay at that wordless high between escalating arousal and climax for countless circles of rolling their hips against each other, searching for friction and bliss.
at night. The cold air touches his skin, it makes him shiver and miss the
belly. John feels him spasm around his fingers.
Melinda asks about some of his cases or about the violin.
catching their breath and their hands had been languidly stroking warm,
“Polish criminals. Unusual activities in London’s underworld. Rats
desire. He rubs a hand across his face, as if to wipe the last remnants of
true.“
He can’t hear Sherlock.
John was surprised to hear Sherlock and Mrs Hudson talking when he came back to the flat.
Sherlock’s gaze flickers across John’s face. There’s the tiniest timid
Sherlock talks to someone, sipping on a glass of wine. Then his eyes meet John’s and a wave of heat rises from John’s stomach. Sherlock smiles at him enigmatically and carries on his conversation. John engages in small talk for a few more minutes and then excuses himself. But when he looks for Sherlock, he is gone. He walks through garden some more, talks to a few people and has another glass of wine. In one of the tents, he meets Margaret.
“So…” John’s voice is rough on the phone, he clears his throat. It is rough
Sherlock losing it all,
on the way. The house was nothing short of spectacular. A white little cottage, ever so picturesquely located close to the beach, against the scenery of
John thinks, waiting at the traffic lights to cross the street,
“Sounds fine.”
sits down, opens the folder and puts a number of photographs on the table.
human being John has ever laid his eyes and hands on. For a moment it is
And then, like a mirror falling down and shattering into a thousand tiny
Hours later, in the darkness and solitude of his own bed, he would let his
Sherlock is standing in John's door, casually leaning against the door
was John. She was planted at John’s clinic mere days after John returned to
“Ah.”
Walking through the foyer of the cinema the next night, Sherlock tries not to
of the night. It feels like an echo of the sex they had earlier, a fainter
do you think these phones are being overheard?”
their arms. They taste of soap.
some so new they look completely out of place. They each drink a glass of
John clears his throat and freezes in the spot where he stopped. Sherlock
Sherlock feels himself moving faster and more intensely, using all the
John, as if to ask,
well it’s futile. “Come on, Sherlock. Let’s get it over with.”
quicker through John’s body.
emotions and he can’t hold back. And so he curls into John’s arms. A whispered confession is making its way from somewhere deep inside him, past his brain
being so obviously out of his league. It makes him more aware of his own
, Mycroft.”
And, finally, after a moment,
He turns to look at Sherlock and they stand in the living room for a
less. He sometimes asked Sherlock to join him. They had dinner at the pub again, which was quite nice. And they talked some more. Despair and apathy very
tasting the smile still lingering there.
salty water. It’s not too much anymore, this, meeting Sherlock, these
Sherlock shakes his head and murmurs to himself, “God, I must be dreaming.“
Sherlock goes on reading. He doesn’t say anything. John looks at him, waiting for an answer, a reaction,
Eddie walks up the street, and a couple of minutes later he drives his red
He shakes his head and huffs out a laugh.
reply to the question he didn’t say out loud. But Sherlock just looks at
has been on
occasionally says a few words when he knows more about a certain thing than
brown boughs against a sky so blue you could drown in it, moving a few
intensity of a lightning tearing up the darkness of the night, with a
the troubled sea.
when the sky must be starting to turn grey with dawn.
He thinks of how Mycroft interacts with Matilda. John is quite sure he
eat in tired, companionable silence.
able to figure out these things, he simply had tried to manage one day after another.
John strokes his fingers across Sherlock’s hipbone, grazing it lightly and
John drags once more. Then Sherlock takes the cigarette from his lips,
a new life, you saved me. I don’t know how I’d’ve made it without you. I
already falling in love, although they’d barely talked back then. It feels
against his skull now, and his arm is a heavy weight on John’s marked
they’re carried up and down by the waves. John licks his lips, almost
He’s getting some disinfectant and gauze out of the first aid kit when
John clears his throat.
gone. Did you know that?”
“I… just wanted to say. Er, I’d… I’d like to try this. Us. You know.“
“Yeah, right, Sherlock. Why?” he asks, unable to shake off this weird
The backpack starts to slide from Sherlock’s shoulder, and he pushes it
violins hitting the right note to make his throat swell and choke him until
gold against the warm cinnamon shade of Gemma’s when Harry leans in to kiss
“Well, good that we’ve just met. I just got the identities and background details on the victims. They’re in fact all connected to the Barbican Theatre in
his head.
“people will definitely talk.”
“I don't really smoke.” He sits down, plants the mug in the sand next to
and drown in it, too, only to be washed into John’s arms afterwards,
She kissed John and Sherlock on their cheeks and gently shoved them out of her kitchen.
too much for his own good. Ruthless, but keen on impressing others.
He will tell him. Show him. Anything. If Sherlock loves him in the same way John does, craving his touch, desperate for his body and closeness, it’s fine. And if he doesn’t feel like that and values John in some inexplicable platonic Sherlockian manner and will just allow him to be with him and carry on with their old life, it will be fine as well. Suddenly John is sure. He doesn’t care in what way Sherlock loves him. As long as he does love him.
curtains were drawn. The air was stale and smelled very slightly… sour.
right reasons — because he wants to be close to John — and John loves it.
John exhales with relief. He almost feared the drunk idiots might say
“What?”
where he could feel Sherlock’s nipples.
requires more planning and thinking and work than he’d been able to picture
Ever since they started having sex about one and a half months ago, it has been like that – wanting and needing always equaled giving and pleasing.
stretched out his right hand to John. John had slipped the warm ring over
“Heard you the first time,” Sherlock groans, still not opening his eyes.
trying to smile while he’s clenching his fists.
your letter. But I just couldn’t explain properly why I’d left… I couldn’t
Sherlock stops playing.
“He’s a boy, John?” she asks, and John hears the care, the caution in her
moment forever if they’re quiet enough and never disturb it.
“Yes, of course, Linda.“
It’s the feeling of losing Sherlock, of having to let him go, of hating it
the way home.”
weren’t for the challenge glittering in his eyes. It makes John’s heart
Sherlock smiles, looking both proud and a bit shy. John is about to say
backpack.
John and his mum finally leave the flat, she leans closer to him and says,
John’s. It is still a quick kiss, but it is intense and sensual, sweet from
slim ring around the blackness of his eyes.
walking next to him feels too loaded to endure the silence. He feels sweat
eye, John sees Sherlock smile.
where he thinks Sherlock’s ear might be, and whispers, “Doesn’t always work
“you’re not
Oliver cups Elio’s head, tilting it back a fraction. Elio’s chest is
But John can’t focus, he can’t keep his composure, because Sherlock’s
“Please,” Sherlock begs.
shoulders. Maybe there are also things that would be easier — like
ear, behind his beautiful ear that heard Novak dying.
labyrinth of brick, concrete and glass, only to emerge again in a place
His shirt is shoved up from sleeping and he lets his left hand rest on the
Sherlock’s hand is a light warm press on John’s neck. It grows a little
to fish the pack of
whatever that was over breakfast, he quickly gives in.
bits of information Mycroft told them and what bits he kept to himself.
is based on his own goodwill, and not on his dad’s right to be told.
explains so much. He almost has to laugh. He’s bisexual as fuck.
exhales just as slowly, devouring the feeling, and gives the cigarette back
presses his hard cock against John’s abdomen.
on the floor and John swallows.
panic, and had thrown up violently all over Mycroft. Cookies and lunch and
he’s sensitive. And feeling Sherlock suck his nipple is
cry. It’s Sherlock who seems to keep John together, physically stopping him
a bit louder than necessary.
before he even knows what it is exactly. He grins as he remembers, he can
The next Friday, after John has taken up his shifts at the clinic again, he meets Greg at the pub.
“Good night, John.”
fucking train that will take them away from this place.
and the apple isn’t nearly enough. He wonders where the girls are, and if
moment to sort this out, right?”
As soon as John has said the words, he’s suddenly grateful he can tell her
sand and the sea, a few birds, crying in the distance, and an endless,
from his bedroom, taking the first boxes to the new flat — are altered.
Sherlock stays on the sofa for more than two hours. John has breakfast in the meantime, showers and reads yesterday’s newspaper. When he  is about to go out for walk or see if Mrs Hudson is around, Sherlock gets up on his feet and whirls through the room.
Sherlock had opened his eyes.
“Just writing an e-mail to Lestrade, there are a few things he should bear in mind when doing the paperwork for the Barbican case.“
“No. Mycroft Holmes’s business.”
Sherlock and him, as if waiting for something interesting or amusing to
John can see how much Sherlock is enjoying this; his eyes are beaming. He
carried up into the sky by the heat, he watches them burning up and dying
street lights cast a faint light and long shadows. Standing in John’s dark
MacMillan shrugs. “An hour, maybe a bit more. It’s quite a number of items.”
Sherlock, informing me about the abduction. He still must have been in the
but he doesn’t succeed. So he just looks at himself a little longer, at
whisper
After the second one, there had been no way of keeping his drug habit a
John on top of him. He takes John’s cock in his hands, working it, but it
“Hey, firefly, it is boring without you here. Really. No one wakes me at
They walk on the wet sand, the sea washing across their feet every few
married. Settling down. I was so angry that it didn’t work that way.”
John the worst headaches should.
light of the torch for a second.
attend to now, but let’s meet at my place tonight and go through the
again. He’s been buzzing with tension, with excitement. He feels like he’s
an envelope, writing a note on a scrap of paper. Something along the lines
his shoulders, and shivers again when John lifts Sherlock’s right hand,
At Bordeaux, they change to the TGV train, highspeed, modern, state of the
And I try to do it the best way I can.” He pauses in his pacing and stares
helped him understand, he thought. He still doesn’t understand her. He
“We’re back because we went to an amazing farmer’s market in town,” Harry
is clearer here. At the horizon, he can even see the white cliffs of Dover.
Sherlock’s lips curl up just the same. And finally John can move again and
waves. It’s dusk by now, and they spot the campfire, already lit, up at the
breathing. Tries to keep any thought of John at bay. Which is a difficult
it is, from here on, all muscle and firm flesh. He hesitates for a moment,
place of her own, after all; who cares if it’s ugly and small. He doesn’t
looking at John. “There’s a telephone. We don’t have to alert anyone at the
John’s mouth, because there would be
breathtaking. He pictures Sherlock’s lips closing around it and groans
doesn’t know how to interpret.
They’re almost black in the darkness, with long, curved lashes. He looks
and the line is dead. Sherlock has ended the call and something in his
them that Eddie is indeed quite well, that he’s infinitely appalled by the
Sherlock looks at John wide-eyed, then he blinks, swallows. In a very low
“I want…” he pauses.
Sherlock turns away.
“How do you know it has actually worked?” he asks after a long while. The
“Of course.”
Now John has to open his eyes. Sherlock looks at him, intensely.
started, an agent had been assigned to become a member of Sokół's cell.
kissed countless times, they’ve tasted every nuance between gentle and
get, and watches them blur with the grey waves before they even hit the
“I know it’s just a very abstract thing, and not likely to happen within
She didn’t. At home, Sherlock usually takes her to bed. He is, weirdly
“Ok. Sherlock, you owe me. You really do.”
had gotten used to the routine at the clinic again, the three shifts weren’t as exhausting anymore. He could even handle getting the groceries and seeing
real lives.
can’t look at them yet, and he doesn’t have to see them to miss Sherlock.
back until later!” A beat later she adds sweetly, “Be good, boys!”
fucking idea—”
craved Sherlock. He still didn’t know what to do about it and kept telling himself to take things slowly. He was trying to find anything in Sherlock’s
himself with re-checking all the information on Mary and Sokół. He tries to
climbs up the stairs to John’s and Matilda’s bedroom without making a noise. He opens the door and peers inside. They are both asleep. He can’t see Matilda
fucking life, and he’s in
sleep before school.”
tangle of hands and cloth, until John says, voice gravelly, “We’ll need to
falling love. He’s such a bloody idiot. Why didn’t he see that earlier, why
in sync with the motion of John’s hand. He grinds his hips against John and
regular texts and e-mails from Mycroft or Sherlock on the Sokół case.
passed.
heal the skin with the touch of his lips. He wants to heal all the pain
although it fucking shatters him, fills him with a light panic when he
of Waterloo Station. Sherlock had pickpocketed one of the engineers’ office
“Oh Johnny,” she breathes into his ear, “oh Johnny.”
“I’m sorry, I’m not much of a help anymore. I’ll get a cab and get some
Sherlock had proceeded licking him, slowly and carefully drawing closer to
Sherlock clears his throat. “I didn’t say I didn’t like it.”
Sherlock is watching him. He noticed.
Sherlock is outrageously misplaced, here in his classroom at school. He’s
open book and to relieve him of the task of explaining his feelings.
he’s even less able to entangle the mess of his emotions and to grasp what
else to solve.
shrugs.
leans against the sofa, just looking at John, whose mouth has gone dry and when he tries to speak, his voice is croaking.
his own blood in his mouth.
“Hey Mum—” She stops abruptly as she spots them, then enters the kitchen
his limp.
have referred to John as one of the best doctors. It lights a bonfire of
tired. He lets his hand rest on Sherlock’s back, too exhausted even to
for real, Sherlock breathes a desperate
John pulls back and out of the hug a little. He looks up at Harry, hoping
the way John’s cock feels inside him. He’ll do his fucking best not to
Okonjo is close to Sherlock, he kneels down beside him and slowly turns him
an arm across his face, then takes off his jacket and drops it on the floor
freezing constantly. He listens to Sherlock’s CD until he knows every line
body felt under my hands, they way I reacted to someone else’s hands on my
rumination, the voice of reason has gone silent while despair and
himself as an army doctor. He clenches his jaw.
eyes would be red-rimmed.
“You should. You bloody well should.” John’s voice is loud, unsteady. “I’m
“John, good morning,” Mycroft says. He sounds tense. John doesn’t like that
cigarette. John wonders if Sherlock feels the same, if he’s as happy as
“We have all night,” Sherlock whispers, lifting John’s chin with two
against a cliff, its water grey with sand stirred up from the ground,
short with the legs intact.”
tries to wrench his arm out of Harry’s grip. He’s stronger than her, he
John shouts. At the same time he realises that there must be something he’s
John is sure something in his heart shatters. He is grateful for the
“I’m sorry for that, John,” Sherlock mumbles. There’s an unknown kind of
The first days are wearing. Wearing because both Sherlock and John get
He cautiously turns and dives, just a bit. He has trouble figuring out the
Eventually, he tears his eyes away from the spot he’s been staring at
better, generally.”
undressing without haste. Caressing every inch of skin that is unveiled,
do – we owe you about £ 900.”
“How did you know about the sea sparkle?”
and raw, he must have been loud indeed. His hand was sticky and the peach
him down physically. It feels as if his backpack wasn’t packed with clothes
be pulsing with the emotion of the song and John feels that it’s a marvel
slightly bored. But his eyes lighten up with emotion when they meet John’s.
known that I’m not like my mother or Mycroft. They resemble each other a
The lightness of summer, the blinding August sun and blue-green waves of
usually meant headaches for several weeks or months, fatigue and dizziness,
forget all the pain he has been through; to make himself forget all of his
He has seen people in pain, but it is something different when you are
John tries to make his inebriated mind hold onto the question he wants to
“Come on, John,” he hears Sherlock say. “You wanted to make me go for a
John checks the time on his phone. Twenty to nine, John has been trying to
bliss has ceased making him shiver.
here, in this small space between their tents. Gemma’s tent that turned
Mum.”
“God, you have a fever, John.” The worry in his mum’s voice is
Sherlock’s hair and immediately sinks back into the warm, dark comfort of
Sherlock is still giggling.
sideways glances and stolen peeks.
champagne.
He still saw John’s face, his eyes — not drunk on arousal, but the way he
how his lover had sucked his cock a mere few hours before. He imagined
rain.
what to do. Until John pulls him closer, carefully directing and
“Not to mention the sex. Obviously serves you well.”
can’t say a word.
out on the ocean.
“This okay? John?” Sherlock had asked, sounding gravelly with arousal and
letter.”
and finally meets John’s eyes.
John's heart skips a beat when Sherlock says ‘gay’. It is really bloody obvious, but it is something completely different hearing it from him. John briefly
happened — that is
it and taps away the keyboard locking. The display is too bright in the
“Oh, Sherlock, come on. The man, the protagonist! The doctor whose hands
properly now.
bit faster.
for fucking ages. He moved out of our house and in with his girlfriend.”
“Well, Sherlock,” John says when has finished his call, “I can take her back now, if you want to.“
“Yeah. Now.” Sherlock takes John’s hand and guides him through the door to his bedroom.
still need to pay for a room, he’d need to pay for books, he’d need to pay
his hand, “law or business administration or something.”
beating that followed. He nods.
it might be his favourite part of sex.
understood exactly what had been going on, that their family was breaking
the lines of
sometimes, dad and pa and her
child John had still been back then, ready to make John’s battles his own.
“It’s already on its way. You will be picked up in 20.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Better than ok,
After a moment, Sherlock lifts his head, but he keeps his eyes fixed on the
he sighs internally, laughing again, but
thought possible. Now everything has fallen into place. Somehow he made it
Mycroft and Greg remain silent, staring at the computer screens. There is
could reach out and touch Sherlock’s hand, hold it just for one moment.
from us.” He kisses Sherlock’s jaw and his cheek. “You hear me? This needs
John’s fingers in his curls and on his scalp.
is getting a bit heavier, turning into a mild summer shower.
Sherlock does indeed call later. But they only talk for a few minutes, John
there.
“Is it because of him?”
in town to get some pizza for dinner. When she returns, the flat finally
nice to have Sherlock nudge his side before he wordlessly hands him the
“You’re a strong little girl, Matilda. That’s good. Look, there’s your dad. He has lived here before. He likes this place, too.”
the men go in.
and that he has wanted for a long time. He has to stop being intimidated by
He stays there until the rays of the sun are strong and warm against his
and coziness, but it’s not unpleasant, just different from the minty taste
He just stands there, hands hanging loosely by his sides, while John gently
every single day and every single night after that,” John says through
“Yes…?”
each other’s hands in mid-air.
wall. John sits down at the edge of the bed. After a short while, the low
entanglement.
“And how are we feeling about that, brother dear?”
He has been operating from his Warsaw prison and has recently settled over
John thinks, trying to find a way to say this to him without sounding like
coordinate their movements feels long. It feels like a waste of the short
with desire, with hunger and want. The way Elio had looked at Oliver.
hot breath on his skin, panting through his nose, saliva dripping from his
breathing too hard, too much. The mere act of dragging himself into an
his arse,
voice, the way John can feel the words with his body rather than hear them.
John thought.
sea. John’s heart calms down again. He smiles, and an odd brand of
He’s half-dreaming, half-fantasizing, awake enough to caress the head of
the kitchen windows cast a warm light. With Margaret's Christmas
“Listen, Harry, I—” he tries in an attempt to silence her. But she’s Harry.
all along,
“What?” John asks, no sound coming from his voice.
original packaging before. When he is finished setting it up, he vanishes
hushed breathing, the soft, wet smacking of lips and tongues. John is completely lost in all these sensations.
the table between them.
closes his eyes and lets his
and beautiful. There’s a narrow path down the slope, with wooden steps in
morning hours.
shimmering blue on the back of his hands.
“I've been a bit of an idiot it seems... I only realized it when you were dead.“
It hurts, at first. Sherlock’s first impulse is to withdraw, to call it
likes her - or he feels somehow responsible for her well-being, which might
worse, he hadn’t understood them. He had made feeble attempts at fitting
to her.
and things get too
Sherlock shuffles closer to John, turns around and lets himself be spooned by him. John holds him tight and after a few minutes, Sherlock notices John’s
nipples and watching them harden under his touch.
Sherlock’s eyelids flutter as he rolls his hips against John’s cock,
The peach stood out in his bedroom, beaming with its orange-pink-red
will make them promise never to leave Baker Street for such a long time
been in John’s lungs. He needs more of him, now, desperately. He pulls
about the short relief as John.
sure if he ever sleeps. It’s really quite difficult. Then he... actually he shut me out completely. He said he didn’t want to see me anymore. He isn’t
none of what had happened had been his fault.
He tries to pour everything he can’t say into his motions, letting his body
copper and gold, and his freckles have grown slightly darker. His swimming
Sherlock’s upper lip. He kisses his lower lip, licking against the skin
“You coming, Sherlock?” John calls from inside the house. He is standing on
It’s not that he doesn’t have friends, he does. Good ones, too. But not
Sherlock’s head is heavy and hard on John’s shoulder. His hair is still
Sherlock closed his eyes again.
hip if I walked more. All this sitting on the sofa... it really isn’t making things any better.“
being carried away by the long waves of his orgasm, and this time, it takes
ambulance,” John says, turning to Harry. She nods, and the next moment,
He doesn’t want to see the look on Sherlock’s face or the posture of his
“He told me about Redbeard. And the drugs. And Victor.”
He breathes deeply. And he has to admit that he is a lot more nervous than he would
Later on he thought that his PTSD might have begun right there. During
written there, John finds that
the quarters he can spot from up here
alleys, taking hidden shortcuts. He seems to know every street and
“Yes, hello, Greg?”
John groans, and places both his hands on, no,
quickly takes another sip and smiles at him with bordeaux-blue lips.
out that the film is at least as much about the protagonist's homosexuality
hear it over the wind in the trees.
They quickly realize that Mycroft’s downstairs sitting room won’t do for
doesn’t really comply to Mycroft’s advice on keeping a low profile. So on
Sherlock opens his eyes. John half-expects them to reflect the light the
by the street lamps, even the smell of it sickening. It’s too small, too
summer in the air.
“Ah, there you are…” Greg turns around a corner and swallows the rest of his sentence, staring at them for the blink of an eye. He shakes his head and
He lets his joy settle deep inside him, exactly
tugging lightly at their hair and scarves. Before they even reach the sea,
. You'll find a short summary of what happened at the end of the chapter.
“Goodness, it was back in Kabul, when I had just arrived there, it was
a beaming smile before she takes a sip from her sherry.
tell.
John suspects to have been shipped here on Mycroft’s behalf.
into his face, and his eyes are closed. His lips are red, either from
slips into his swimming trunks and walks to the beach with his towel and
Okonjo and Mycroft’s men follow the white van racing through Stratford’s
He licked along the crease of the peach to determine if the skin had a
there, his mind goes blissfully blank from exhaustion.
in this moment.
night when Sherlock showed him the sea sparkle, of that feeling when he’d
those nights she’d sat on this very table, checking bills, paychecks and
his hands against the headboard for leverage and starts to roll his hips,
be able to see a fucking thing. John stretches and leans across Sherlock’s
he’s somehow, in just a few weeks, outgrown.
“Hello, John.”
Their mum just looks at her. Her face doesn’t show any reaction. Her voice
Mary’s arrest, when she told him that it was Sokół who intended to hijack
dollop of lube on his cock.
“Hey,” John croaks, and swallows. “You’re watching me,” he adds, a little
. Holding Sherlock in his arms and letting him kiss him. He has been
and his body stopped holding the tension of the past weeks.
between. On top, at the foot of a big pine, is a wooden bench overlooking
sitting on his towel at the beach, talking to a girl John doesn’t know. He
. Sherlock has never found porn
pulls down the hood of his jacket. Their hands touch in the rhythm of their
subside and stroking his hand.
“Greg and Mycroft?”
the fading dampness from the shower. After another day spent outside, the
He sounds miserable and hoarse, barely audible against the low noise of the
John rubs a hand across his face. Briefly he wonders how he is supposed to
you don’t feel like it. Sherlock’s at boarding school anyway, isn’t he?
might mean after this
the schedule for the next day, the next week, the whole fucking year. He
tension. He doesn’t sleep well.
She replies within in a heartbeat.
his new phone for messages from him, but there is nothing.
holidays.
that was left when the excitement of both the night and his intense orgasm
just a few yards away, families, not just drunk teenagers like last night,
John makes two cups of tea and bins the empty Thai containers. They settle
the most pleasurable thing he has ever experienced.
London, including his most important men,” Sherlock snaps. He has gotten up
they could get on well, if only the necessities of life weren’t always in
trying to keep the tears of frustration and pain at bay. It doesn’t take
John, whom he had met five days ago at the cinema, watching
meaningless letters and numbers. He should concentrate on maths, the test
“My goodness, it’s past lunch-time already,” John’s mum says. “I’ll make
“Yes. And – thank you.“
sir.”
lower than those being taken down. Since last Saturday, more and more
begins to show in his eyes, pale and intense in the firelight. He’s
“Oh is it? Haven’t noticed,” John admits.
“A year later, there was the divorce and we’d expected that it would settle
He clenches the car keys in his left hand, watching his knuckles turn white
Right now it’s the only threshold holding him back from another escape.
huffs a laugh and goes calm again. “Oliver was right. I had been looking at
“Gemma bought the CD as soon as we were back. This song is called—” she
in a row. Greg said, „You’d better find another way to handle your aggression. I don’t want to have to arrest you one day.”
— I —
He sinks back down on his sleeping mat. He’s sweating, the mat is sticking
John runs his fingers across Sherlock’s large hand, curled against his
“Thank you.”
questioning his choice of words,
light is already brightening the world, creeping in behind his closed eyelids.
tucks his into to the pocket of his shirt; John puts his into one of the
gaze on him. Sherlock takes a few steps towards him, until he is standing
can’t have a gun tucked in his belt when he has got Matilda on his lap. He
again, lifts her from his lap and hands her over to Margaret. “Bye and…
mats and sleeping bags, and he’s at John’s buttons and zips immediately. He
“Is there anything you need, John?“
Ten minutes later, they’re at the shower house; it’s as calm as the whole
“Hey, Sherlock.” John’s voice sounds soft, much better than last night.
feels, how much more it is than he’d ever have dared imagine.
He listens to the swoosh of the sea in the distance. It’s a low whisper
He digs his fingernails into his hands and grinds his teeth, knowing that
Benzoylmethylecgonine hits, and really, it’s the same surge of dopamine,
the sand, claiming small rectangles of space in the territory that actually
control.
John fears he might be sick again.
at least.
apparently normal blokes, but in the end they vanished, either to hospitals
Although Harry mostly acts as if she doesn’t give a shit about anything,
nothing about the chaos he’s wrangling on the inside.
John grounds him, lets him think better. He is, after all, his
One night, when they lie on the sofa entangled in each other, reading, it hits John quite out of nowhere. And it is so fucking simple and so
cubicle.
It’s Sherlock.
upset,” he states in a low voice and takes a look at their bellies, at the
to deceive you. I’ve had no choice, John. There were three of Moriarty’s snipers, one for Mrs Hudson, one
the despair in Sherlock’s gaze, he leans in to kiss him again. Sherlock
child inside the womb and of the loving caresses of its mother’s hand on
John’s proud that Sherlock seems to enjoy having sex with him so much. Sex
to the bar at the campsite, to the night he’d got drunk after Sherlock told
“There is something I have to take care of now,” Sherlock offers, with the
“You don’t mind then?“
sort the things into piles. Dirty clothes, dirty towels, dirty sleeping
throughout the morning. Sometimes, when she is getting bored or wants his
After a span of time which is impossible to measure of quantify, they break their kiss, breathing heavily and smiling. Sherlock shyly takes his hand. “Let’s go… inside.” John would have thought he couldn’t get any more aroused, but Sherlock proves him wrong. Sherlock’s hand slips from John’s hand to his waist. John is high on endorphins and on being close to Sherlock. Perfectly behaving like a couple in love.
again. But all the plans he and his mum had made — packing up the things
“Bloody fascinating,” Sherlock replies, still not speaking up. He moves,
John gets up and starts to walk towards the fire. He doesn’t have a plan,
hardly speak, “this isn’t only
on Mrs Hudson’s kitchen radio.
here. Tomorrow will already be different. He stretches out his hand to
difficult as it may be. It doesn’t make him feel better, exactly, but it
informed and Wylk and a large number of men at Sokół’s base in Warsaw have
medical he could, he started gathering information about med school and how
higher, flips up the collar of his jacket and, a moment later, the hood of
John’s phone buzzes.
“If you’re always so angry, you’ll get high blood pressure, possibly leading to cardiac problems – especially given the fact that you are in a high risk group due to your PTSD disorder – not to mention the long-term effects on your gastroenterological system which will cause you a lot of pain and discomfort resulting in even more anger and thus more swearing, an even higher blood pressure and so on. Just to mention a few effects. The way you pull a face when you drink your coffee or have chips proves you might already be experiencing the early stages of gastric ulcer. So, all in all, it would make life much less pleasurable for me.”
Sherlock.
door. He recognises Harry’s Doc Marten’s and her old trainers, and has to
well.
sleeping mats. Sherlock kneels down between his legs, taking him into his
The four of them are later than usual to the campfire. On their way up
he was explaining something to a particularly daft, stubborn person.
doesn’t know what to say about that part of last night, about his yelling
the last sip from the bottle, warm like spit.
The inkling of the fact that he felt something for Sherlock had pulled him
just wanted to do.
“So. I guess we should get started with that boyfriend thing, Sherlock.”
They lie like that for a few moments, and John briefly wonders what
“Hey. Sit on the bench?” John asks when Sherlock comes out again.
contagious joy and her enthusiasm. Talking to her, the prospect of selling
“Give us five minutes, Harry,” John says. Harry grins at him.
question when Sherlock interrupts her, firing his words like a machine gun.
raspberry jam out of the fridge. When she hears John, she turns around and
on a larger scale, like this. But he finds no answer to the question how he
“I guess—,” John breathes, looking down at their entangled naked bodies, “I
you.” Sherlock’s words fade into a whisper. “And I’d missed that, more than
things are okay.”
intense, no less vibrant than the way he’d been dancing before. He seems to
is being disassembled and then put back together again.
— and at that,
his skull.
Harry had a girlfriend by the time she confronted her parents, some girl she had met at a party. John vaguely knew she was even more trouble than Harry. It
lost twice in Portsmouth before he finds the motorway.
“Maybe, but not everybody would have known what he’s doing, eh?” Arnel
and the fear of failing Sherlock, of destroying whatever they could still
“Yes, it is, but he should have been undercover since the day we picked
his skin, the ginger stubble on his jaw. He strokes a thumb across it; it’s
“No, I’ll get her another bottle of milk. And my violin.“
side. He looks expectantly down at him, suddenly unsure what to do or say,
alert and curious eyes.
to pouring ground coffee into the espresso maker.
shelf next to him to pull himself up. He hears steps from afar, and shouting. Someone calling his name. His legs get weaker and everything gets lost in
The bright and sunny afternoon has turned into a warm evening, the light changes and the shadows grow. The scent of the flowers and bushes hangs even heavier in the air. Torches, candles and paper lanterns are being lit and set up an atmosphere like a midsummer night’s dream.
They eat something, but John doesn’t even pay attention what it is or what
with. Maybe the ‘right person’ to watch it with doesn’t even exist. For
defeated sigh, he sinks down onto Sherlock’s chest, burying his head in the
constantly together. Always, uh, I mean, two weeks or so. I — I miss him.
in the late afternoon, once they’re back from the beach. And with the cool,
“Or a coffee?” Harry adds, grinning.
John starts moving his hips as lightly and slowly as he can manage. From here on, he is lost for words.
Then he was choking, with a muffled cry as if he had been in pain or with his hands in front of his face, like holding someone off. It was a secret
” Harry calls. Now it’s her who is gripping his
scent, sweet and fruity like a summer day, even in December, even in
why he’s suddenly so sick of that, of all that flirting and obvious
trained part of John’s brain had supplied while the rest of John had been
John thinks with a smile, letting go of Mycroft after a brief moment.
Carefully he tries opening his eyes. Light. More pain. Quickly, he closes his eyes again. He tries to remember what has happened.
is seeing right now; how he sees him.
different way. He stands upright, bracing himself for what he is about to
chaotic. It’s wild and dishevelled from getting soaked during the
“Maybe I should try blokes next time, too. Can’t turn out to be any worse than this, really.”
“Oh? Is that quick?”
possible. He stops working Sherlock’s cock just for a breath, paralyzed by
And none of these pieces, in his mind, had belonged to a girl. Well, to be
“You talked about Elio?”
smile. The smell of the old lady who used to live here has vanished
place like London. I want to see all its secret alleys, its dark corners,
the duration of a heartbeat.
Sherlock ends the call, storms out of his room, across the hallway to the
the first place. It had been thrilling, despite the tragic death of Mr
Sherlock says into the silence of John’s dark thoughts.
leaning his forehead against Sherlock’s again, his chest heaving. “I was so
John’s gaze. He looks defiant yet insecure, waiting for John’s reaction.
Sherlock pushes back the duvet a little, allowing the air to cool them.
anything, but reaches out her hand and offers it to him. She lets him take
. You. Us.”
house in Sussex.
to hold on to it. It takes him a full minute until he can say something.
while Sherlock is lost in thought next to him. The sea is deep blue and
shimmer of the fire reflected by his skin, caught in his dark hair. He can
and his skin still warm from a day spent in the sun. His green eyes find
his thighs from his wet swimming trunks. He licks his lips and tastes the
himself be pulled through the hustle by the others. All he can think of is
“Yes. Three — actually. To be honest,” John admits, his voice suddenly dry
“Okay,” their mum says with the shiver of a question in her voice. But then
to share a flat with him. And changed his life and slowly but relentlessly made him realize that
John exhales, and shifts closer. They’re kneeling, sitting in front of one
“That’s high praise from you.“
When they manage to reach the sea-bed for the first time, the sand yielding
cries thinking about the way it felt under his lips. The next day, he sends
sure what it was that he had just witnessed here.
But he has to admit he doesn’t want to get used to it, doing all of this on his own. Still, he is more than unsure if going back to Baker Street would be a
bit, but the conversation doesn’t really get going. John’s caught up in his
to your body, Sherlock. I never know what’s actually going on inside you.”
small strip where the sky changed from all shades of blue to the warm gold
and hair and swimming trunks. He moves as fast as he can and his muscles
accepts, and slowly, the sensation of falling starts to release its grip on
They shake hands, he refills the bottle and grabs his violin from the living room. When he passes John on the way back to the hallway door, he brushes his
That night at Harry’s, John slept very little, even though he was exhausted as he never had been before. He tossed and turned on her sofa. Finally he got
“And you?” Sherlock asks instead.
too comforting to even open his eyes.
last weekend with his dying dog. When Mrs Holmes told Sherlock the next Monday night it was all over now and that Redbeard had been put down, she had no
sale to the close. “We'll instruct the solicitors on both sides. With a bit
at the pier and the sky and the horizon open up above them. The seagulls
He bites his lip and then leans in to kiss Sherlock very slowly,
outstanding, something so new and unheard-of, for him. There’s desire in
he hasn’t actually eaten anything since last night’s dinner. The nausea
The light of dawn had begun to seep into the living room; morning, then.
and kitchen utensils. He takes a few cookies from the cupboard – what a
Kissing Sherlock, desire and despair mingling, John calculates the time
for dinner and at ten we decided to go to sleep. We’d tried to call mum at
in the army and Afghanistan.”
As John watches her talking and laughing, John realizes how rarely they actually see each other.
John collects his bag, the towels and his hoody, and hurries to follow
Sherlock lick inside.
John disrupts his posture by looking down again, stealing glances at his
draws is deeper.
pulsing in his cock, in his blood and in his mind - are back. This is John,
song for what might be the tenth time, she - finally! - falls asleep. John
John shoots her a look.
depths of the sea, John remembers what he came here for. He’s been holding
he thinks and takes them out of the
by much.
“Well, er… I’d say… you see, mate, if it wasn’t
how to solve this. He just has to try. That’s all he can do. Try, and hope
“Less than a week later the Taliban attacked our camp. Another bomb went
understand a few things.
“I don’t know it. I learn as I do it. Most of the time I’m still fucking
He stared at the ceiling of the cell for a long time, at the Yard, through
Watson.
so much bare skin. Ballet lessons, John thinks, trying to picture Sherlock
So John lies there, naked in Sherlock’s arms, his forehead resting against
ever so slightly.
Sherlock’s face.
Now that last night’s alcohol and the giddiness are gone from his system,
something until it breaks under his hands just to stop himself from
of nonetheless.
he had faked his death. It had been such a relief to finally,
that she knows that somehow he and Sherlock will get out of this shit
remember, about organizing my mind — John, it works. It fucking works. I
Sherlock doesn’t catch a fucking cold — that’s why they’re lying here
The thought of Sherlock and Harry conspiring over John’s birthday present makes him grin even more. He leans towards Sherlock, cups his face and kisses
gorgeous lips without getting even harder than he already is. Sherlock’s cock is flushed against his slim stomach, a nuance darker than the rest of his
Sherlock’s gasps turn into words again, and John hears him say his name. He
his perineum and both his hands on his arse. John had been panting and
simply by talking to him, if he really set his mind to it.
“I — well, I’m still in love with him and we’ve been… together, but I
three weeks, he completely forgot about him. With a pang of panic piercing
where they’re even heading, has proved to be more than Sherlock was
while recalling that sensation for John.
should be
hangover. He let it cool him after he’d woken up in a too hot tent again,
Back at the tent, Sherlock sits down in the sand and opens the newspaper.
When they break their kiss, a wave lifts them up and carries them down
really, truly understood the complexity of something he never could quite
James nods, and Harry and Arnel flash him a smile when they catch his gaze.
unchartered territory for him, these are unknown waters. It’s Sherlock.
of orgasm at lightning speed. He must be breathing too fast, too much,
“Did you talk to him?”
even fastens his seatbelt and drives away without waving at her, without
Iggy Pop. The Passenger. Writing this chapter involved a lot of dancing in the kitchen.
quickly for John’s liking. She’s almost finished her third beer when a girl
A feeling of sickness and dread washes over him like foul, brackish water,
between Sherlock’s. It’s still exciting, but it’s more than that. It’s the
makes him blush. John’s breath hitches. Sherlock leans down, kissing him
“There were more reasons to ask you for that.”
to let it out again. “One word, Sherlock,” John whispers. “That is all
John nods. “’T was… well. Hard to miss.”
John wades into the water, and a wave washes over his legs and swimming
that CD with violin concertos Matilda has heard at her grandparents' house
“Then look at me.”
“He got a blow on the head. He needs an ambulance, I’d say he is concussed and he has got a bad laceration on his head.”
never heard her say
first nights at the safe house were a bit restless, of course. But John
with his eyes wide open.
of there. This means you are safe for the time being. We need your help,
With his clothes already provided by Mycroft, there isn’t much he is going
as he realises that he is happy to see his friend.
“Everything alright, husband?”
“Another whisky?”
“Maybe we should put her in the seat right now. We’ve got the bag to carry, the seat... Might be a bit much. Can you hold her for a sec?“
mind, he tries to picture the things that might await this little human
Sherlock. What he had meant to him and still meant. And then, as he realized, about how he loved Sherlock. And still did. This realization set in slowly.
naked in front of him. John had stared at him, and Sherlock had jumped into
the bed and then there is the mattress underneath them. Sherlock pulls John onto him, he wants to feel the weight of his body on him. It helps him
He scribbles his name under Harry’s cheerful description of the camping
sure of it Sherlock can’t quite believe his certainty.
on the table. After a while he looks at Sherlock.
They listen to all the songs on Sherlock’s CD, to Radiohead, Suede, David
horizon, a faint silver line dividing the sky and the sea, shades of dark
that, can he – did indeed work for Moriarty. The last job she did for him
“No, the other one.”
obvious innuendo of it. Its intimacy.
couldn't describe it any differently. He is amazed and inexplicably aroused by the little sounds they make while they kiss. Small moans and sighs, their
Sherlock hears John’s voice from a distance again. A string of syllables
definitely crossing a line. His heart was beating like mad. But there was
Sherlock manages to keep his façade for a couple of moments, then he can’t keep his mouth from curling.
quite able to believe that he is fetching some of his belongings to bring
Sherlock had said, and then he’d taken John down to the beach and stripped
the Stone Gallery, and it exhausts Sherlock. He called them, as requested.
He adds, because he knows himself far too well,
always.
as well.
“Yes.”
at home. She doesn't like it and she wants her dad to be the way he usually
had been wrong. He had walked back to his room,
her eyes that makes John feel like a fool. He barely understands what’s
John’s mouth. John’s own cock is achingly hard, and he feels his boxers
he had thought that if he managed to make their relationship work again, all of that mess they had been through the past year might have made sense. He
“Yep.“
hold.
Everything about this kiss feels right. John doesn’t even once think about
Matilda’s toys. He bends over the documents Mycroft has left on the table
occasional gentle, raspy rush of Sherlock turning a page of his book.
of the pines — on his naked skin. He’s gazing at the sea, wondering if he
“What’s on your mind, Johnny?”
is panting, he’s enjoying it and even makes a bit of a show of it. He makes
“Were they?” Sherlock sounds as aloof as always. Even though the mere fact
wants to carve it into the walls of his heart, burn it into his brain so
train — the last one. In an hour and a half they’ll be back home in
“You were up early,” she says. Her grey eyes sparkle as she watches them.
“Yes. I… I couldn’t stop thinking about it all night,” Sherlock admits.
John. Fast asleep, sixty miles away from him. Sherlock only ended the call
softly.
John furrows his brow. He isn’t nearly ready to discuss this with anyone
minute. The waves reflect every tone of the sky, breaking into cool blues
care, he wasn’t even listening to it any more. It was all in his head now,
The next thing John realizes are his lips touching Sherlock’s. An uncontrollable amount of want and need rises inside him.
calculating the hours, hating that he even notices how their time is
“You still want me…” John asks, and he has to clear his throat before he
taking away the last remnants of sleepy easiness. Before John even opens
prospect of embarrassing himself (and his bride) on his wedding dance that
starting work, everything that will happen after the day after tomorrow. Or
A few minutes later, John sits in the door of his tent, looking out at the
seven, the air still hot, and heavy with the scent of the apricot trees.
The city drifts in and out of focus. All of a sudden, Sherlock is scared,
friend. A father and... his lover. Sherlock knows he should feel vulnerable with this amount of
too much. Get him to sleep at some point,” Harry proposes. “If things get
tight.
Matilda is still asleep-”
John shifts closer and rests his head on Sherlock’s hip. He takes his soft,
“No. Go. Away.“
During the first week, it got colder every day. It was still the middle of march and the weather was a lot rougher than it had been in London. On the
shining with sweat. God, he’s enjoying it, his thrusts are turning erratic,
Sherlock puts the bottle down and fidgets with the cap for a moment, then
“Why did they ask me to come here with them?” he asks, finally. John hears
clocks rings, all he wants is to call it off, the whole fucking move. He
licks the toothpaste from his thumb, John can’t help but hold his breath,
place, like a house, or a library, or an archive. With different rooms, for
from Sherlock summoning him to the NSY.
They will start to turn into a dark shade of purple over the next days.
“So. What do you think of it all?”
He exhales, slowly, trying to let go of his anger. He and Sherlock — what
John huffs a brief laugh in surprise, James said almost the same thing to
He vows to himself that he’ll go so fucking slowly when he sleeps
“No, wait, don’t. Don’t blow my cover. Give me a few more hours. I’ll try
There is a new voice on the radio. “Lepiej, żebyś o tym nie zapominał.”
doesn’t want to keep the pictures from Sherlock, and so, with a small sigh
“God, fuck, I am. I don’t think I’ve ever been happier, Sherlock,” John
lighter rasps aflame and there is the familiar crackling of the first drag
tent, still chatting and laughing.
Sherlock could make. He’s gone.
blushes, then has a pointed look at his plaster, giggling some more. Eddie
and grins at John from under the woollen hat Margaret has knitted for her.
And he’d wipe John’s subsequent pained groan off his lips with a feverish
familiar London skyscrapers shift into his view, bathed in
possibly.
John’s mouth.
as much as he could use a drink right now. But neither of that is an
Given how much he loves doing it, how he loves feeling Sherlock unravel,
tongue, conveying enough of Sherlock’s own desire to send goosebumps all
John’s bed. She would read it to him leaning against the wall, shoulders
John tries to compose a sentence in his mind. He wants to ask him
he’s ever seen — except for the day of her two-month anniversary with
weather is bright and sunny, and the Channel is a fucking beauty on a day
allow myself to even
fucking beauty in everything he does.
“Just realized something.”
He’s swimming a few feet away, just his head above the surface of the sea.
“Two weeks?” Sherlock laughs. He takes in a hissing breath and kisses John
and then take over what was left of it by organized crime. A blunt and
maybe more. We had been working together with customs investigation, but
sand and lies down on his back. He looks up at the sky. The sand underneath
realised he wasn’t a child anymore, and that he didn’t look like one.
a way to make him understand it. He had been infuriated by the fact that
steps.
Listening to Bill’s approving chuckle, John watches the sky behind his
Now John is the one sounding rather matter-of-fact. Sherlock can tell that
last John pushes one thumb into Sherlock’s mouth, breaking their kiss.
doesn’t know why his dad comes up again, it’s been years since he’d left,
offers a word of explanation, but he takes the Coke John offers him, and
fire and down the dune, along the beach and back to the camping site. John
and lips.
there.
“ I — I think he somehow felt betrayed by us. He blamed us for the problems
attracted to boys. Men.
But Sherlock closes his eyes with a long sigh, his head sinking back on the
After a breathless eternity, Sherlock’s back arches, he shouts John’s name, and comes.
his hole. It had felt
John groans against his lips. Sherlock feels John’s breath on his face
endanger herself. She also took care of Moriarty’s video footage. She
I never considered being… this. What we are today. I wouldn’t have been
I am sure you will be welcome to spend as much time at their place as you
background, glancing at the John in the picture over his shoulder.
the touch of Sherlock’s hand. As if he had made a deal with fate, that as
whiff of chemicals, which alarms John a little. Paper and books and dust
Leadenhall Building, one of the most prestigious commercial skyscrapers.
“Forget about it.”
John sits up, his limbs heavy with bliss. His hands are tickling, he’s
In silent communication, Sherlock shifts one knee on the sleeping mat,
addictive way.
sweating. It’s so fucking warm.
“The violin. Helps me think.”
night alone in his bed. Without John.
Harry suggests going to the beach. They take the bus across Portsmouth to
“Yeah, he’s got a cock and balls, and before you say anything else, take a
like this. His throat tightens with emotion, and he can’t speak.
John close to himself until John sits at the very edge of his chair, his
into a routine, John and Matilda, and he knows he would manage on his own. Of course he would. But on most evenings he doesn’t really know what he has done
out whole letters to you in my mind. But I never wrote them down.”
sakes, mind your long limbs. I live here as well.“ Sherlock only grunts in response, still unsure about why John is
grey with December dawn, but it is getting lighter by the minute, orange
finish half of it. After the third book, he kisses Matilda’s hair and says,
school. Victor had made him feel as if he wasn’t a freak.
“You have a surprisingly plush behind.“
John has never been to Paris except for the change of trains on their way
goes over the talk he had with Harry, and in between remembering her words,
can manage. He wonders if kissing is the right thing to do or if it’s out
then he pulls back a bit, starting a slow back-and-forth-movement. Sherlock
Sherlock looks at London. In an attempt to keep his mind from going into
It’s his certainty about being with Sherlock.
telling him secrets in a language he doesn’t know and understands
Dad isn’t happy. Dad is…
that’s your pa.”
They sat in the kitchen until the early hours of the morning. They drank and they talked and they cried, both of them. When the bottle was almost empty,
getting through this fucking day. If he can’t eat, he should at least
how sorry he is. How confused.
The next day, James took the team of crows to the abandoned Taliban camp.
It is somewhere between morning and noon and John just can’t force himself
to stare at him.
They’re both close from the beginning, this isn’t going to last long. They
He had felt boneless, unable to do anything but react to Victor’s touches.
grow more exploratory, searching along John’s eyebrows, the ridge of his
John thinks, immediately startled at the thought. But then a small smile
has to smile.
that he needs a few minutes to himself. He hurries to the living room,
one. Happy?”
open and kind, the traces of sadness and difficult times slowly fading.
and him. John doesn’t understand every word, but he gets the meaning:
Neither of them looks away, and the moment grows into something big, bigger
“John?”
playing last night. It’s louder, and more energetic. It’s a ghetto blaster
used to wonder. And he would touch him,
it might be extasy.” He looks at Sherlock. “It isn’t harmless, and we’d
John looks at Sherlock again, biting his lip, and hoping he isn’t implying
“Yeah, holiday’s almost over,” Harry sighs, and hearing this from her makes
Sherlock.”
alcoholic and has been through some pretty bad times. I want you to be the
watching the flames in comfortable silence.
his mug on the sun-bleached wood of the bench and stretches out his hands
and Mycroft never are. Usually they sit in Mycroft’s living room,
Things are just about to tip over into
It brings back memories that hurt more than he can take, but listening
panicked.
undercover. First this agent was only a contact for him, the number of a
frowns —
Molly carefully hands Matilda to Lestrade and gets another pair of gloves from the box. Ten minutes later, they have evidence that her cardiac muscle
know what I look like.”
invincible when he’s with Sherlock. He feels like the kind of person he
hours of learning the basics of first aid, but it’d just left him hungry
side of the path. “My brother was so caught up in work that he didn’t
“I’m… I’m getting too close, Sherlock.” He pants heavily. “just a bit… slower. I want to see you come undone, too.”
and James talking. It’s three men, just a few years older than him,
there, across the round knob John has memorized as the ulna. God knows if
again for the feeling to ease and staring at the dark, empty street. He
next to him. John tries his best to swallow down the tears, as he watches
It howls as it strokes through the treetops, tousles the last leaves until
“Sherlock, look… I don’t know what to say. I don’t. The amount of things you have done for me…” John’s voice breaks. “It’s beyond anything I ever could
put the cigarette between his lips. Sherlock is still so close, and when he
vulnerable, both heartbroken and deeply relieved, but okay. “My sister’s
“God, I’m sorry.”
She loves that. And because she loves that, she has to giggle.
mention Harry and Gemma. But maybe — maybe tonight, when most folks from
ocean and the pines. It’s a beautiful morning, not too hot yet. The sky is
Sherlock and he are to each other. The air John slowly breathes out is warm
settling in that he gladly welcomes.
John. Please.”
head on his shoulder, he tries to swallow both the memory and his confusion
gaze flickers to his, and briefly John wonders what is going on inside
him is neither cool nor warm, neither soft nor really hard. Pine cones and
She sounds happy, but tired. Suddenly John sees how much energy this must
healing well, the stitches meticulous black threads holding his skin. Eddie
John feels the warmth of Sherlock’s body radiating above his. He runs his
“That’s the whole of it.”
“And I need you to act as if you were my… boyfriend.”
He could have searched the choristers, their rooms, their messy backpacks,
“Maybe we were just too quick. Should’ve given you more time,” John says,
succeeded in bribing Mary into working for him. To become Moriarty’s
troubles with his sister Harry. James listened.
considers to be his mind office’s desk and comes up with a plan within ten
that it will
at the thought again.
difficulties to see what is going on on the inside, everything is happening
his cock.
Afterwards they walk all the way up to Eastney. Here the houses are smaller
reading a book which is too big to be a paperback novel, scribbling down
overprotection. He clears his throat and continues, “Even though he had a
and sucking and teasing. He loves the taste of Sherlock’s skin and the way he shudders under his tongue’s swirls. Sherlock is slowly being taken apart by
him in the eyes then, fearing that Sherlock would just see it
late. He’d fussed and hesitated as he changed into fresh clothes at home.
“What do you suggest?” Sherlock’s voice croaks.
him.
she said, and she’s fucking right.
happy to see Harry and Sherlock getting on.
me to take them. Three garbage trucks from different waste disposal
her, lying next to him and slightly furrowing her brow. He gently nudges
soaked in milk or plates with yesterday’s dried toast.
is the first person ever he wants to be close to.
“You’re leaving today?” Arnel says, putting a pack of blue Gauloises next
him, and the Warsaw agent confirms that Sokół had him checked again and
John to take a few of her and Harry as well.
some 30 miles away.
shelves. For a long moment he stares at a pack of small, sweet French
lost all sense of time. He isn’t sure if he slept at all, though he
He hugs her tightly, again.
detailed and wildly illogical scenarios, surrealistic blockbusters.
Valadsko TransBelarus Ltd., situated in Stratford in East London. No, he
Sherlock watches the sunset with John, like this. He only lifts his head to
Sherlock winces again and crunches his nose.
he could cry. For one moment, just as long as it takes his heart to drum
by perfectly-addicted. I love it.
“You found it.”
When he can’t go any further, Sherlock inhales, pants and, after a long moment of adjusting, he carefully starts moving his hips. They go like this for a
Sherlock can’t tear himself away from the warm spray, so once John has
the world outside and all noises from behind the glass walls of the
them, but the pain has eased with time until they have only become a symbol
the noise of fireworks and drunk party-goers in London entirely. Tomorrow
it.
After they have finally agreed on the wine Margaret urges them to sit down (“John, Sherlock, you two sit in the bench together, and we take the chairs”) and to start eating before the food gets cold. It feels weirdly normal. John doesn’t quite allow himself to feel as part of the family yet, but… it’s just
all happens at once, a cascade of thunder, ripping the sky like cannon
thank you.”
They both sip the champagne; it sparkles on Sherlock’s tongue. John sits
fingers towards him. He’s got to do something about Sherlock. Fucking
searching for stars and finding them, a few at first, then ten, twenty,
toy bricks. She lifts her head and looks at John, asking “Pa?” and looking
suffocates him.
gets out one of the last plates that they haven’t put into a box yet. She
It’s like waking up after a restful night, and every cell of his body is
John sits down at the dining table. He is alone with Matilda now.
cocks his head, channeling the unspoken question of
sitting up and bending.
He runs his fingers down to John’s lower back, strong spinal erector
again like they did that night, and the idea of being naked with Sherlock
to be. John threads their fingers together, warmth
touches the strained buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. His finger slips from the top button to the next and the next and the next. Just touching them.
the time to speak. And John can read it in his eyes anyway.
silhouette against the blue-yellow fabric of the tent. He strokes his hand
network.”
secretly finds it very fitting.
“Fuck you, Mycroft. Go away.“
John’s arms.
to tug it back into the mass of Sherlock’s other curls. He gently combs his
And as of now, he suddenly isn’t sure if that is still true, because John’s
time later. He smiles as he sinks down on his back, and closes his eyes.
jackets and scarves. John knows he’s blushing as they enter the living
answer any questions about the peach or the state of his heart. He scanned
“How long do you think this mission will take?” John asks, in a low voice.
a bored voice, ”that’s Andrea Calcagno. He’s harmless. He’s always acting
now he finds he isn't sad at all.
has to admit) and glasses.
“Hey,” he whispers into Sherlock’s ear, “hey, love. Sherlock. It’s okay.”
mattress.
leans in again and brushes his tongue across the seam of Sherlock’s lips,
him like Elio — lanky and smart and gifted and curious, feeling things with
hesitates, and then adds,
They’re panting, holding on, an echo of the earlier despair and pain washed
“Hey,” Greg says when he enters the dining room.
John’s tent in the cool evening air.
John furrows his brow. He’d lost track of time indeed, and he blushes
and what has happened.
Sherlock starts to
“Hey. You... okay?”
remembers that Sherlock’s gone, and that John won’t ever have any of this
had seeped into
Sherlock’s CD on Sherlock’s discman, loud enough to stifle the rattling
than being alone.
really notice her dad’s caresses. Standing there in the sea, holding her, he thinks,
“Sherlock.”
His eyes fly open.
imprecise, lacking her usual determination. He’d heard her speak slowly
tasting a ghost of the sea’s salty tang. Then he’s diving back against
being gay. She might need some more time, but basically
the fierceness entirely. He shakes his head, rubs both hands across his
John doesn’t know what to say. And even if he did, he is sure he couldn’t
sure I ever will.” Sherlock braces himself, and John does, too. “There —
takes John’s breath away. It speaks of Sherlock’s need to touch him, to be
their parents were fighting. John thinks of the talks they had there, and
into life, and a moment later, the first beats of
“I can only look
muscle and of every sharp bone. His dark grey jeans are faded and he’s
Not taking his finger from Sherlock’s lips, John cups his jaw and leans in
moves her hands. John takes her out of the pram.
And John does actually feel understood by her. Maybe it is because the
John carefully pulls his fingers out, and Sherlock hisses slightly. John
and sinks into the cold sand.
little incredulous — “delicious. You’ve, erm, cooked?”
John nods. “I can show you. If you want to.”
“Glad you’re here. Really.“
calm impassiveness, as if Sherlock hasn’t yet quite decided how to judge
run, no matter what Sherlock might have had in mind. Her case was never
There’s one last thought on his mind before he drifts off.
world to him and that he feels — a fuckload of things for him. But instead,
Sherlock had shot Magnussen. The fake identity of an American assassin who
He trails his hand down Sherlock’s ribs. He trembles a little, brushing it
wake up or have a nightmare he would hear him. It is the least he can do.
On Okonjo’s screen, John watches the white van overtake other cars, there
“Yes. We’ll be at the flat in five,” she replies, not looking at him,
thought slips away, making room for the contentment their closeness has
says, “Let’s go to bed. It is getting a little chilly here.” Sherlock bows down to him, kissing John gently.
exhaustion and their minds blank.
croissant he bought in Paris — the one Sherlock didn’t eat.
throat, and calls them all — every public school in London.
your holidays carrying boxes and putting up furniture, so if you’d rather
challenging each other. When they’re both out of breath and Sherlock has to
, excited. He feels
reassuring.
“Well, I... miss you, too. Crave you, John. More than I would have
heart start to fade. They make room for this whole new concept of life.
“Course I want to share,” John replies, and adds, not thinking about what
towards the horizon, his wet hair almost black, the skin of his shoulders a
“Oh come on, don't be a dick. You liked it.”
I'm sorry.”
in.
to clean himself up with.
if he was ready to have a boyfriend.
slightly out of breath, and with a crooked smile. The tension between them
expression of exasperation flickers across Sherlock’s eyes, and he sighs,
UPDATE June 19, 2017:
accepts his daughter as the young woman she has become, living her own
“Yeah—” is all Harry says, quickly. She lets the word hang in the air as if
“You?”
too much alcohol. There isn’t much talking except for Ryś’s clipped
kissing me. Please. Now.”
them some frankly hair-raising stories about her time in Florida. And she didn’t spare them the juicy parts about her husband. Sherlock added some
different this time. Because things had been reset, he didn’t have to leave again. So he stayed. Sherlock answered the phone, talking to Lestrade. John
reddened skin, devouring the softness of his shampoo’s foam as he washes
He downs the rest of his coffee without another word, then offers to help
every other sensation. It’s so fucking intense that it overtakes
experienced in his life. But he’s not. He just got a taste of this freedom,
Sherlock pictures John still standing behind him, digging his hands deeper
are breathing hard, eyes open and watching each other as they unravel.
anything. Sherlock clenches his fist in John’s hair, pulling it. John
either from alcohol or from the excitement of the night. He can’t quite
become a doctor.
“Too dangerous. Out. Now. There’s a standby team in the opposite building.
nine, sir. Conference room three.”
until Sherlock groans lowly.
sticky-sweet and salty, because he loved giving him head, because he got
talking, not caring how loud they are.
tastes different from the tap-water at home. He doesn’t even recall the
bronze tan, his copper freckles, and then looks at his own skin, darker,
up.
feet and drags John to their bedroom.
was at home. It was as if — as if there was this invisible wall between us
of people sitting or dancing by the fire. They’re just about to leave, when
now, all the things he lets himself feel for Sherlock now, and all his
Sherlock’s right hand, his index and middle finger glistening with
wondering how to bring it up, and now Sherlock just fucking solved it in
What use is any of this? Being able to carry on with his life? Why should
John, who fidgeted endlessly on their way from the cinema to the pub a week
“Ready.”
against his shirt. He had brushed over the cotton, lingering over the spot
Sherlock’s CD — must be The Smiths,
at 5 a.m.. Sherlock had argued that this would be too long, that Sokół
John had had a few days ago, like being watched while he was naked in the
sister.
And it must be a truly ridiculous twist of fate, but it seems as if
had felt Victor leaning in and kissing him. His lips had been on his, warm
They didn’t talk about it and they only touched when one of them had had a nightmare. Which was mainly John. But sometimes, very rarely, Sherlock woke up.
rather the pain turn chronic, feel it until his dying day than forget
happen next. They’d discarded their chilly damp clothes and kissed; they’d
it’ll feel like when Harry’s gone.
the breeze from the sea.
“Have me, John. Go have me.“
with a distant part of his mind.
John doesn’t say anything. After a few moments of heavy silence, Sherlock
“I, er, texted Sherlock. A couple of times actually, but he didn’t reply.
in the most mesmerized way.
like that voice that is making its way into his mind.
John lets his left hand slip down from his belly and rest draped over the
The pleasure that has been building up inside John to an almost unbearable amount finally washes over him. He thrusts into Sherlock until he is completely
after year. Maybe it’s time to take a step back and just — have some
the stranger he usually hides from others. Just like John does.
John’s tent. It’s both gnawing on his insides and he has no idea of how to
“Hi.”
John opens his mouth, not sure he understands at all.
When John remains shocked and lost for words, Sherlock insists, “Don't you agree?“
Sherlock must be enjoying it, relaxing like this. He’s closed his eyes and
from room to room. They still want to buy the house, and as it turns out,
just–“
“Really wasn’t that difficult to solve after you’ve found out about the cardiac muscle tissue.”
It takes them a couple of weeks before they manage to watch the film
He’d succeeded earlier in pushing his worries to the back of his mind while
as he drags on the cigarette once more. When he gives it back to Sherlock,
right words and getting used to the raw newness of his thoughts. It’s his
again, and so he’s going to save his strength and wait for tonight, when
away, until only his raw, precious openness is left.
her mouth still full of pizza.
said he wanted to show the sea sparkle to John. He must have planned it all
of them in a tight hug.
“God, I hope so.”
“So we’ll just sleep?”
France. Leaving you has had a bigger impact on me than expected. So in
John can only guess what kind of test Sherlock is referring to. All sorts
They still believe Schwarz was killed in Serbia, no one knows I got you out
Sherlock keeps looking at him, and John can’t turn his eyes away. His mouth
a nerve. The kid is standing a little more upright now, his shoulders
shining with sweat. John drapes his arms around him, nestling his hand
compared to—” He gestures into the void. “The army. Getting shot.”
perfect, John thinks, silently admiring its untamed beauty.
“I want you to fuck me.“ Sherlock’s cheeks turn a bit more rosy than they already are.
bordering on too close to be just friends. But the people walking by don’t
Take all of me, Sherlock, have me, do whatever you want with me, John
it’s deafening, taking away his ability to think.
him. Usually he just ends up angry. They’d all had to adapt, hadn’t they?
where the feeling of falling lives.
He’s right next to John, of course he is. John’s heart skips a beat, and
hair. Then he sits up and looks at the sea, still too tired to think or do
“Yeah, I’d like it too, but—” Sherlock combs his hand through John’s wet
and finds Sherlock's parents and Matilda busy in the kitchen. It is a dark
breaths, for grunts and groans and choked exhales.
cigarette, and suddenly he isn’t sure if he still wants to follow the
Sherlock crawls into the tent.
John wishes he was at the campfire. John misses them all now: Harry, Gemma,
only to vanish again a heartbeat later.
“It didn’t look very… appealing, actually. They were both incredibly
from Sherlock’s mother.
squeezes his eyes shut — as if that might help — and sighs into the spray
to despise it, it still makes him sentimental. He never fails to see the
freckles, and the tan it has taken on during the past days.
hard their teeth click.
September weekend in three weeks — he imagines himself searching the
it more real. He can’t pretend this day is like all the other ones —
She had made it almost halfway downstairs, first crawling down one step at
usually,
Suddenly Okonjo and his men are rushing to the last room. John has
John, talking to him every night. The imitation of closeness and normalcy.
what friends mean, friendship, all of that. Having people he can rely on,
much about his life back in England. John hasn’t had any idea that Sherlock
applying for uni and everything else.
stealing the breath from their lungs.
He pauses.
and hears how his breathing changes with a low, rumbling chuckle, and a
At that moment, Sherlock starts to fish the pack of cigarettes out of his
seed, the barely-there core of hope and faith.
his room, wake him up and ask him.
Afterwards, the world keeps spinning, but it eventually slows down a bit.
“What are you doing… tell me." There is a hint of a needy edge to
“John.” Sherlock’s disdain at this is audible.
Sherlock was asleep. How he needed to touch him, to grasp that intimacy. He does it again. He strokes his soft eyebrows with his thumb. Sherlock closes his
“I—” Sherlock unfolds the letter. It’s crumpled and soft; one side has
John closed his eyes and exhaled. He was grateful. Downstairs, Sherlock got into his bed, shifting over to the other side and making room for John.
They’d both been insecure, unaccustomed to it all, and
Sherlock walks through the sand and brushes his wet hair from his face. His
John nods slowly. His stomach falls with a mixture of precipitous fear and
John pants as if it was his own cock he was touching, exhaling filthy
There is nothing he is examining.
Mycroft looks at John, then at his fingers, at the cup of tea.
food that he needed. He fell silent, set the box with the fried rice down
himself come.
Yard had chosen
Sherlock holds John’s mug, ridiculously small in his large hand. John has
visitors from a distant, utopian future.
feeding and so on.“
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but takes a long pull on his cigarette. When
Sherlock’s slipping so far out of reach that John can‘t even talk to him
Sherlock lets his hands travel down John’s sides. He can feel him shudder as his fingernails graze the sensitive skin. He hears him gasp into their kiss as
heart.
Sherlock had only taken the case because John had been excited to go to
what Sherlock told him. Maybe there was a lump in his throat at some point.
him if he could come and see him when he was back in England.
an elegance almost improper for a bloke.
Harry’s looking back, up towards the camping site. She doesn’t spot John
and swallows it all in agonizingly small sips, so painful he has to lie
Sherlock replies coolly.
Everything’s silent, and everything’s dark, except for their tent. He’d
it. But being a child of not even two years, she is used to not
moment when he finally surrenders and holds on to something with clammy
“It’s... Harry. Wants me to meet her girlfriend.“
Sherlock’s minute might rather be three quarters of an hour, but John takes this as a sign that he is at ease with his parents and just enjoying their
leaning in again. They find their own rhythm of kissing and holding each
Marcus rises from his chair next to Sherlock. “I’d better help her then. —
The day it happened was also the last day that John had woken up in his
John watches Sherlock, unable to tell if he will take the tequila or not.
blue-green shimmering with silver, and just as fucking unfathomable as the
coffee and asks, “Bench?”
Twenty minutes later, they are standing on the Vauxhall Cross side of
sound of Sherlock’s voice. John’s stomach feels like it’s falling.
John’s still thinking about what to say to Harry when he feels Sherlock’s
Matilda. Sometimes she and Melinda would come over for dinner and even
. He never bothered labelling it. Never dared to,
stairs and up to Mycroft’s bedroom. He manages two loud knocks, but he
backpacks, sleeping bags and tents. John has to admit the trip sounded
It had been nothing like Gemma and her dad.
