“Tony didn’t tell you?” Pepper shakes her head, leans back in her seat and stares Steve down. Steve admires her confidence, it reminds him of Peggy, two women not afraid to make themselves comfortable and do whatever the fuck they wanted.
“You can tell me anything Steve.” Tony let’s Steve step closer again, peering down at him with unasked questions.
“No it’s, like I said I don’t need any explanation from you.” Tony takes a step back, and then another. “Enjoy the rest of your night Steve. Stop by sometime.”
Arrows were harmless- well sort of…not really but Clint wasn’t going to hurt anyone who didn’t deserve it.
“The thing about being covered in a metal suit is it makes you pretty durable.” Steve flicked his eyes from the floor to Tony’s before letting them roam around the room. Silence filled the room, Steve shifted uncomfortable.
“Just fess up Barton.” Tony muttered. Clint wondered why he wouldn’t just tell them what he knew. Then again, Tony Stark liked to make everything difficult- even his torrid obsession with Steve.
“Hulk keep puppy.” Tony affirmed, hulk gave a whooping jump. The dog in his hand stirred, looked around, then settled back to sleep.
In Spain Clint had used four acidic arrows. They were prototypes by some mad scientist and he had immediately fallen in love. They disintegrated the target within minutes of hitting it. Leaking the acid into the body so they would fade away. Each one was black with a metallic green tip, sleek to grip, precise when shot and faster than anything he had ever used- except for a sniper of course. So naturally when he had come home from the mission he had immediately filled in the paper work he would need to request some.
“Jesus Christ.” Clint gapes, looking from Steve to Tony. “You’ve broken him, you’ve completely rebooted the Captain America hard drive.” Tony doesn’t get a chance to reply, Natasha suddenly has one arm around Clint’s neck, holding him in a tight headlock.
“I know, I know.” he said and then Peter grinned widely as he wrapped his own arms around Tony’s waist, legs shaking.
“They are, cleaners are pretty annoyed I keep breaking them. I’ve started cleaning up the messes myself but still…” Steve trails off, giving his shoulder a small shrug. There is a lot of space between them, Tony feels every inch of it, desperate to close the gap just a bit but unwilling to trust himself to do so. “What are you doing here?”
“Same thing.” The toaster pops out two strawberry pop tarts. “Besides, these are all that’s left and seeing as I saved the day
“Do you wish you could go back?” The words come out before he can stop them, he regrets it the minute Steve’s eyes look away from his.
“Should I be?”  Tony shrugged in response. Some sort of reaction to Tony’s newfound sexuality would have been appreciated. “Do you know what made me decide to break up with you?”
“Indeed. I once told him of how whilst battling a frost giant my good friend fell through the cracks of ice. His spine was implanted with frost giant ice and he could not walk. So we built him legs as he was a fine warrior and such injury would prevent him form walking in the footsteps of our ancestors.” Thor says it proudly. Natasha, Jane and Pepper just glare at him, Clint clears his throat awkwardly and Bruce shakes his head.
“Steve?” well that was dangerous territory. Clint almost felt like saying that that’s who he was sleeping with just to see what Tony would do. Maybe finally come to terms with those feelings of his. No. He would definitely use the suit.
“I’m just being a good leader.” He tries and Tony laughs, loud and clear and happy because Steve is still holding him up and when he leans his head onto the mans bicep he doesn’t pull away.
“He is?” Steve looked up, eyes bright and hopeful. Clint tried not to snicker at how pathetic they both were. It’s not like they were seventeen again.
When she mentions a new Thai place she’s been dying to try he asks her to go, and when she looks up at him from under her eyelashes any hope that she might have thought just as friends leaves and he tells her he’ll pick her up at 7 o’clock.
He couldn’t go online and order it himself because Tony would find out which would lead to teasing. Then he would have to let Tony in on his plan and Tony would stupidly let it slip to Steve because of that ridiculous crush he has on him. Steve would frown at Clint and give him a lecture about tricking teammates into awkward situations which would result in Clint having to cancel the order and Thor not carrying around a puppy purse because he was told it was ‘the next thing since pop tarts’ was just disappointing.
"Relax Tony, I'm fine." nonetheless he turned off the ledge and walked forward. Tony visibly relaxes.
Firstly, Clint didn't understand how buying arrows to help save the world were a de-vestment. He really thought that they would help save money because acidic arrows meant he would have to use less arrows to destroy things...right?
“Tony!” Steve calls, stepping into the house, Pepper pushing Peter through the door with a very small knitted blanket on his lap. He didn’t care if it was only big enough to cover a baby because Pepper had made it for him, and he loved it.
The thing about being a superhero is you know pretty quickly where the quickest and most discreet exits are from a building. Steve bypasses the bathroom altogether and heads straight for the staff exit. He spots two cooks smoking by the back alley wall, they don’t stop talking to look at him so he leans against the wall and just tries to breathe.
"No. It could trace back to her or me, which could cause huge issues with the reds. The only one that could probably get it without alerting anyone of our identity is Coulson but I'm still trying to thank him for the arrows." Steve nodded and joined Clint on the ledge.
“You know, when I first…after the accident I felt like you do now. Like I had ruined everything, like life had been destroyed.”
“What is it?” Steve asked gently, his palm cupping Peter’s cheek. Peter leaned into his dad’s hand, even though he had often said he was too old for such affection. Peter let out a jagged breath and looked into Steve’s eyes.
“I figured if something so young and innocent and perfect could love me and adore me, even if I scared him then I could live through the day. Survive.” Peter smiles.
“Some things make days’ worth staying.” It’s the look Steve gives him when he says it that makes Tony think, just for a moment, he’s one of those things.
“Pretty sure Tony can fuck wherever he wants in his house.” He says and swears he feels Tony’s cock twitch against his hip.
So when Steve drops to his knees and whispers his name Peter replies with a gentle ‘papa’ and Steve pulls him form the stupid chair and into his lap. Cradling him in his arms and rocking him back and forth, slowly, gently, carefully.
“What’s up with you then?” Clint asked deciding that if he was going to abuse Steve’s secret ability he might as well play Dr. Phil. Steve sighed and gave a small shrug.
“That was NOT MY FAULT! JUST BECAUSE TONY’S IN LOVE WITH YOU OR SOMETHING!” Steve blushed a bright red and Tony looked at Clint angrily, glaring at him over the table.
His skin feels like it’s on fire with Tony being so close, his dick is half hard in his pants, and he can feel the heat of a blush on his face. No matter how hard he tried nothing would make him feel that way Tony did, he knew that. No matter how hard he tried he couldn’t seem to fix himself.
“I was the worst. Sometimes when I was feeling particularly bratty I would purposely spill a drink over my suit or ‘trip’ and fall into the hors d’oeuvres. It worked on my mum a few times, didn’t have the old man fooled though.” He stopped himself there, registering the small twist of pain on Steve’s face that came with the mention of Howard.
“No names over coms” Tony scalds, teasingly. Steve is still focused on trying to find him, he leaps over crushed cars and giant pot holes.
Coincidently, it turned out, the day that Peter took his first steps he also learnt his first swear word.
"Fine is not what I'd be calling a flattened out Captain America. Come to my lab I have some designs I want to show you." When Steve looked like he would protest Tony grabbed his hand and yanked.
“I hear you at the gym, in Peter’s room, in the kitchen, getting into bed early in the morning and then just lying there not really sleeping. Just go to bed, Peter will be fine.”
, which again you can thank me for.” Tony grabs a pop tart and takes a bit, smiling up at Steve through his teeth. “Strawberry’s not even my favourite flavour.” Steve knows there’s still post fight adrenalin coursing through his veins, there’s also pure relief at not be encapsulated in foam.
“He’ll be alright.” Clint whispers, it echoes around the room and no one really replies because they’re not sure how. Instead they stay there taking turns at stroking Peter’s head, talking to him gently, tucking the covers tighter. Tony, Bruce and Jane inspect the different gadgets his plugged into, making sure that they’re working properly. Pepper starts knitting a blanket, claiming that ‘he can’t be comfortable with that plastic crap. Steve lies on one side of the bed, with an arm that doesn’t have hundreds of needles stuck into it, and gently strokes Peter’s hair as he rests. Tony is certain that the bed is going to break but it doesn’t, and no one has the heart to comment on how Steve is pressed against the bed bars, and his feet are way of the end and that he can’t possibly be comfortable. Natasha just sits in a chair on the other side of Peter, singing the words to a Russian lullaby that seems to soothe everyone.
He finally lets his eyes settle on Tony’s face and immediately regrets the decision, there is no shock, embarrassment, or even hatred in them, Tony is smiling back at them with a face Steve sees plastered all over the media. A face that doesn’t belong to Steve’s Tony,
“Why…my…pop… I feel my legs” he breathed. Tony choked, Steve shut his eyes and Clint’s broken sob was all Peter heard before he too started to cry.
“Philson buy Hulk oven?” Clint nodded slowly and watched as the Hulk smiled at him. A large green hand came and ruffled his hair, jarring his neck in the process. That was going to need to be looked at by the nurse.
“I cant…I can’t remember if he broke his leg or his arm…I can’t...” He stutters out. Tony takes the clipboard and sits it next to Steve before squeezing himself between Steve’s knees and burying his head in Steve’s neck.
Steve can’t find the strength to speak, he’s too focused on how close Tony is, he can smell his after shave if he breathes deep enough, feel the air shift when Tony moves his arm or shakes his leg under the table. Steve feels as though the air between them is crackling with electricity, he’s desperate to reach out and put a hand on his knee, to hook his foot around Tony’s ankle, to just touch him.
“No you shall grow Peter. Much like your father the captain did. You shall grow tall and strong and powerful and play football far better than all the other boys.”
“Experiencing a minor reboot here folks. Nothing I can do but hold tight.” He thinks the sarcasm is valid given the fact he’s being spun around by a manic headless bug climbing up a fifty floor building.
“Steve I’m not here to dance around truths or find out who hurt who. Frankly I think you’re both idiots.” She takes a long sip of her water. “ I’m going to tell you something and then I’m going to leave. You can do what you want with the information, I won’t come back here though. Not again.” Steve nodes in understanding.
“So you’re not…I mean…you’re not ashamed of me?” Tony shakes his head and looks into Peter’s hopeful eyes.
“You would know that how?” Tony shrugs, gives a sigh, opens him mouth a few times to speak, shrugs again and then groans, sitting back in his chair and frowning.
“I need to help him…I need to help make this better so I’m going to fix him. I’m going to build him legs and fix him and help him because I’m just messing everything up, I’m messing everything up so badly and I know that but I don’t know what else to do…I just…I want…I want to fix him. So I will.” Tony’s tone edge on hysterical, so Natasha does something no one ever thought she would do. She hugs him.
This was going to be the last. He swore it. Buying Thor a puppy purse just seemed like to good an opportunity to let pass.
"You can't get it here. It has to be ordered from over seas but I'm not allowed to go to Russia, let alone order anything from there."
“What are you doing?” He had asked, knowing full well why Thor would be searching the kitchen in the early hours of the morning.
“How is he?” Steve asks in a strained tone, his eyes wide in desperation. The doctor clears his throat.
Music is blasting through the house when Bruce and Peter get back, the heavy metal causing the walls to vibrate as each guitar cord shakes the frame, sends a shrill tingle up everyone’s spine.
“Some hospital benefactor night, she took me as her date which was embarrassing at the time, I think she just wanted a chance for me to eat some real food, hoped all the cakes would fatten me up. I had to borrow one of Bucky’s suits and it didn’t fit me at all, I was swimming in it and I had to stuff his shoes with newspapers so they’d fit me properly. It was awful and I couldn’t believe my ma was dragging me to this thing full of boring adults, I had never wished harder for an asthma attack in my life.” Steve smiled with a small shake of his head, “So I’m ready to start wheezing and ma walks into the living room all glammed out. She had this old dress that she had altered and was wearing pearls – not real ones but still. So I thought ‘Roger’s you have to suck this up because your ma deserves a dance’ and I did, suck it up I mean, we tried dancing but it was horrible and I kept tripping over Bucky’s shoes but ma just laughed. “ Steve fell silent, rubbed the back of his neck as he stared off in the distance.
Pepper had gotten out before she had become broken, before she didn’t work quite like she used too. Tony couldn’t even be mad when she had packed all her things one day and left.
Then there was Bruce. He wouldn’t even think of asking for anything in return. He doubted that Bruce would agree to make him acidic arrows though. After avoiding living in Stark Tower for so long Bruce had been forced to move in after his room had been damaged in the sewerage accident- after he had calmed down enough to return to Bruce Banner though. He had hulked out of four days. Clint's pretty sure that Bruce doesn’t even think he should be using normal arrows anymore.
He’s elbow deep in roach legs, which is a combination of roach, mechanics and something he can’t quite work out when there’s a knock on the door.
“Not for putting pickles in his sand which he doesn’t.” Steve let out a long sigh and sat on the bench, twiddling his thumbs and looking down at his lap. Clint moved to sit next to him and noted how when sulking Steve really did look like that scrawny kid from Brooklyn. He wondered if Tony actually felt bad for yelling at Steve about something as ridiculous as pickles- knowing Tony he was probably sulking around as well.
He Talked to Peter, watched movies with him, they worked together in Tony’s workshop, joked around and yet Tony couldn’t do it. He couldn’t help Peter do his stretches, he couldn’t lift him off the floor, help him get dressed…just help.
Clint knew he was screwed as soon as he got the memo that they would have a team meeting that day at exactly 1400 hours, signed Nick Fury. His foot twitched as he sat at the kitchen table and really tried to stay calm. Fury couldn’t possibly know that it was Clint who had orchestrated the entire thing right? That’s assuming that Fury actually knew what had happened. For all Clint knew this was a meeting with information about some new villain so there really was no need for him to freak out right?
Clint hadn't meant to get Natasha mad. That was the last thing he wanted to do because a mad Natasha meant no sex so really it was just going to punish himself if he said something to annoy her.
It becomes a bit of a pattern after that, Steve will let his fingers dial Tony’s number, count the rings – it normally takes seven for Tony to answer, long enough for him to hear his phone and stop whatever he’s doing to pick it up – he hears Tony’s voice across the line and then hangs up in panic, heart beating fast at the amused tone that answers.
“Honestly Cap you’re acting like I’ve never blown something up before. I’m just rigging his system, shame it has to explode it’s magnificent.” Steve looks up to see a bomb dropping towards him, he hides under his shield, firm as it explodes. When he tries to stand he finds himself stuck, a dome of hard foam surrounding him. He tries to push with his shield against it, using all his force. The foam doesn’t budge, it grows thicker, the small space he has getting smaller. Steve tries not to think of the ice, slowly freezing around him until he’s too still to move, too still to breathe.
“You don’t have to explain…I understand you know. I’m the son of Iron Man and Captain America, the Avengers baby it must be hard to have something so important broken and not fix it. I just…I wish…don’t you love me?” Peter asks broken, ignoring the anger and instead sinking into despair, Tony gives a choked sigh and cups Peter’s cheek, wiping away a stray tear.
“Of course sweetheart.” she said before pushing him past Tony and out of sight. Tony sighs, Steve sighs and the two look at each other with broken expressions.
“No need. I just…God Steve.” Tony’s voice cracks on his name, it sends a burning ache through his chest. “I just wish it never happened, it was stupid. I wish I could take it back and wake up and you’d be in the kitchen reading Garfield and…”
“Hello?” Tony’s voice comes over the line, surprised. Steve panics and hangs up before words come out of his mouth.
“Steve. I’m really sorry, it’s ok I’ll talk to Fury all right? I can fix this.” Steve didn’t even look at him and Tony put a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder…so were they a thing then?
Exiting his office Fury made fast pace for the accounting room, demanding that the man hand over the account books. The boy shook as he found the large leather binded book and held it to Fury. Without a thank you he yanked the book and in his haste sliced one of his fingers while turning through the pages to last week. Ignoring the drop of blood Fury stared at the page in front of him with a mixture of anger and shock on his usually impassive face.
“It’s definitely mine.” Steve says appreciatively, licking his lips, enjoying the way Tony’s wide eyes flicker to the movement.
Steve’s towelling off form a shower, drying his hair and desperate for a pop tart because after all his metabolism was super human. Tony seemed to have the same idea, he was standing at the toaster in track pants and a hoodie, tapping his fingers on the bench as he stared at the toaster.
The decision to move back to his S.H.E.I.L.D mandated apartment wasn’t one he meditated over. The first week after the…the moment in the lab he had stayed in his room, only emerging when he was sure no one else was around and Tony was safetly anywhere else but where he wanted to be. JARVIS was more than happy to let him know when Mr. Stark wasn’t around, Steve wondered if the machine knew what he had done.
Once the jar of desperate want had been opened Tony couldn’t manage to put a lid on it. He found his eyes trailing to Steve constantly, studying the line of his jaw, following his arse has his walked, eyes raking down long firm legs, sweeping over his broad shoulders, lingering a little too long on his lips.
“All clear.” He confirmed before sending a detonating blast right at one of the walls. He doesn’t wait around, jetting off as the building explodes behind him.
First Thor who jumps right on top of Tony and crushes him, Natasha who stays at the end of the bed, Clint who curls up in her lap and even Bruce who smiles at the sight and sits in the arm chair next to the bed, thumbing through a thick volume fondly. They lie there for ages, until Pepper comes and declares that they all need to eat something. All of them there for Peter, wrapped around each other, smiling, happy and, in their own weird way, making a family.
“Why not?” Clint sucked in a deep breath, it was now or never right? And if it meant Tony was going to stop snapping at Cap and walking around like the entire world had ended then it was worth it.
“Hey Clint.” He mutters, shoulders dropped as he moves to attach another bag to the chain. Clint watches the way he drags his feet the grab a broom and sweep some of the sand into a large pile in the corner.
“I love you Tony. I’ll always love you, but I’m not the love of your life.” He couldn’t even argue with her, didn’t beg her to stay when she kissed him softly on the cheek or so much as cry when she finally shut the door behind her.
Other nights he closes his eyes and thinks of Tony. Pictures his smile, the way his eyes crinkle when Steve tells a bad joke, the delectable sight of Tony when he comes up from the lab too early for anyone else to be awake, his hair crazy and eyes alive with a fire that makes Steve’s heart stop.  He feels their lips moving together and lets his hand drift to his hard cock before snapping back into reality.
“You guys took your time.” He said, going for casually but not missing the small edge of desperation that coated his words.
For a moment he thinks that his pops moved him but then he opens his eyes and sees his dad laying on his right, his pop on his left and himself in the middle. He wonders how his dad managed to get both of them to bed without waking anyone.
“It’s two am. They should be out with another update shortly.” Right on cue a man in green scrubs walks out.
He keeps walking down the hallway, through the door to the stairwell, down four flights of stairs, out a door, along a balcony, through another door, down another stairway and then he’s there. Sitting in the corner of one of the platforms between stairs, Steve is clutching a clipboard, his knees pulled up to his chest and his shoulders shaking as he sobs into arms. He hasn’t noticed Tony yet, not until he feels a hand gently raking the hair at the back of his neck.
“Tony I really don’t want to- oh, Pete. How was the park?” and then Peter cries. He lets out a strangled sob because his pop wasn’t looking at him gently or softly or happily when he opened the door. It was a stern glare, a dark look of pure anger saved only for the worst people, not the man he loves. Peter cries because he can see how much his pop loves him, hear it in his voice. He cries because his legs don’t work and his dad is building him new ones so he can be perfect. He cries because that’s the only thing that he can mange.
“Everything is going to be all right.” Steve says, suddenly behind Tony and Peter and Tony both laugh because he’s right, because everything was going to be all right…it always was.
“The bags here look shit.” He kicks at a small pile of sand near his feet, wondering how many of these Steve had broken.
“Come on Barton I’m all for a little rule breaking. How are you getting Coulson to pay for all this stuff.”
“Can you guys fuck somewhere else maybe?” Clint says from the door. Steve doesn’t jump away, he stays firm with Tony pressed against him and looks up at Clint standing in the doorway.
He saw Tony on his eighth day of solitude. He was leaving the gym when he bumped into him in the hall way. He darted his arms out in reflex, one grabbing Tony’s wrist and the other on his hip.
At nights he would lay awake in bed, listening as Steve beat the crap out of everything in the gym, worked himself to breaking point. He would listen to the sobs that followed, that shook him to the core but he wouldn’t move. Natasha’s lullaby would echo through the house as she sung to Peter who would be stirred by his pops sobs. Clint would go to the kitchen and continuously throw darts and Thor could be heard sneaking to check on Peter and Natasha.
“The moment you throw me to the wolves, every scrap of Stark tech holding this place together dissolves, assets and all. Ownership and control transfers to Ms. Virginia Potts, CEO of Stark International. I, personally, might be buried in the shit that’s left behind, but I’ll be damned if these people are deprived of the progressive technology they need to strive forward.
He folds his cards, pushes them towards the discarded mess by Bruce’s elbow. The play continues past him and Rhodey’s mockingly saluting Steve as he takes the pot and it’s been another five minutes and, still, Tony finds his opinion not sought, his input not needed.
The room is quiet; their breathing is calm. There are no tears, no begging. Their eyes do not meet, and he is not made to endure pleading glances. The part of him that is aware of what is happening is grateful.
Then, he was staring at his hands pressed to the ground, but it wasn’t the ground, and they were his hands, but not. Not as they should be. He stared as the image of his gauntleted hands overlayed his younger hands. His stomach twisted up in knots and sweat dripped slowly down his back as his fingers slipped into vomit and blood.
But the Captain’s grip had crushed part of the flight mechanics in the suit’s left leg, sending Tony off course enough that he had to resort to firing at Crossbones from a distance.
Instead of being offended or, worse, a stammering mess, Captain Rogers laughed and flashed his teeth, even and white. Perfect. Tony bit the inside of his cheek, the buccal cavity bumpy and warped from decades of him holding back his words.
Tony looked up at him, swallowed, and tried to remember that he wasn’t wearing any of his armor, sunglasses included. He licked his lips completely by mistake, heart pounding as Rogers followed the movement. They were suspended in that moment, and Tony couldn’t decide whether he wanted Rogers to try to kiss him or not, but regardless, he couldn’t let him. Not when he wasn’t sure of whom was aware of his hobby of flying around in a black and red suit and being blamed for blowing up airports.
Steve watched their bodies slide down and blinked. He shook his head again and looked to group by the portal.
The armor was still playing guard, silent and judging. Steve carefully rolled over and shoved his pillow over his head.
“Oh,” Pepper says, and Tony watches Bucky’s eyes widen as Steve startles only just a little. “It was quite spectacular
“Tony, wait. What? Are you saying you don’t think it was an accident?” Steve stopped walking, tugging Tony around and to a stop too. “Do you think he did it on purpose?”
Tony felt his expression twist in rage, the snarl of hurt and betrayal well up to shred his already wrecked throat. He forced his hands forward to shoot Steve away, but he was shaking and being shaken.
“You should have left,” Tony answers, and he lifts his hand, the gauntlet already powering up. Rhodey closes his eyes and waits, but Pepper drops down heavily just as the beam fires. She blocks it with her own, the intensity pushing her back along the concrete and into Rhodey.
“There could be dates,” Tony cut in quietly, meeting Steve’s gaze as the blond stared at him. “I mean, if you wanted… I know I’m not exactly the best catch, bu-”
He’d ended in a shout, and Tony blinked normally, feeling an eerie calm settle over his aching body. He turned a little, placing the ruined cup on the stand that was close enough for him to reach.
“Just once I’d like flowers. Remember when you used to be so romantic, bringing me dinner and fried oreos?”
“You’re right,” Tony says, but both gauntlets are up and firing. Rhodey catches Pepper’s hand, and Steve knocks two agents away from him. He twists and throws the shield as hard as he can. It slams into Tony’s arms, knocking off his trajectory. The beams go wide as Tony staggers. The shield continues on, jackknifing from the impact.
Steve’s eyes were a much darker blue at the moment, but his smile was still soft, still caught in wonder. Then, it was curving into a tease. “Okay, but promise I can play footsies under the table with you.”
As Stark disappeared through the back of the tent, Peggy just sighed and rubbed both hands over her brow. “Of course you do. Damn elf.”
“Say you’ll love me for the rest of your life,” Steve murmured, nuzzling at Tony’s nose. Tony hummed. “I gotta lot of love and I don’t wanna let go. Will you still love me-”
“I don’t think you’re going to bleed to death in the next hour, but you’re going to need medical attention,” Clint said as Tony came around again. He dropped Tony’s phone onto his chest and got to his feet, taking his bow back from Tony’s limp hands. He pulled his mask back on, hiding his face once more before turning towards what was left of Crossbones.
“Get out of my head!” He curled in on himself, hands pressed to his ears, and the tears were leaving sticky trails down his cheeks. His breath shuddered hard through his lips and a gentle weight settled next to him on the bed.
"I wouldn't have much longer," Steve admits, cheeks flushed and eyes barely open as he meets Tony's gaze. "I would've hoped you'd go to the bathroom and then cornered you in there. I was thinking about getting you in a stall and sucking your dick until you came on my tongue and face."
“I just want them to…” Steve swallowed, Tony thought he looked terrible. Drawn and exhausted. It was cleared he hadn’t shaved in some time, and his clothes were a wrinkled mess. He was staring at his hands, clasped shakily between his knees. “I just want…”
Tony looked to the panel in question and the super soldier, side-size dent in the freshly soldered panel. He sighed and took the goggles off to let them fall to the floor.
Jarvis holds her through the first one, then the ones that follow as Tony moves inside her, finding a counterbalance against the steadfastness of Jarvis' solid stance. Pepper's arm is curled around Jarvis' neck, finding purchase against the back of the helmet even with her grip shaky and slick.
Well, Tony had paid the price for Steve’s failure, hadn’t he? How was Steve supposed to accept that? How was he supposed to live with that knowledge, and the very fact that he’d done nothing but lie to Tony’s face and use him for the so-called ‘greater good’?.
“The fake Iron Man…” Tony sat up again, scraping the chair as he turned it to face Steve fully, “He’s got some obsession with me. I mean, that’s obvious, but beyond the suit… He’s been in my head. He was in my head the other day, using… It doesn’t matter what, but he was fucking with me. I wasn’t in control. I couldn’t stop my response or my repulsors. When I fired, it wasn’t only me. He expanded the shots, reinforced the power. I think that’s when h-”
Silence followed Tony’s pronouncement, and Tony slowly lowered his hand with a vicious curse. He angled himself to look back at Victor while leaving an easy twist point to his armor.
“Coming to see if you might be hungry,” Rogers finished in a rush, blushing too noticeably to ignore this time.
Neither of them said anything for a few moments as Steve’s heart monitor slowed back to its normal pace, and he hummed quietly.
“They said not to use the smallest one to start,” Tony says, finally answer Steve’s question as he selects the second sound from the right. It’s five and six millimeters at either end and Tony can feel Steve’s focus like a laser. “This will be easier to handle and not risk injury.”
“Sam is just fine, but fair’s fair, so you’re Tony while you’re in here,” Sam says then crooks a finger. “I’ll show you back this way. Steve’s the head honcho. He owns the shop and he’ll be taking care of you today.”
Steve’s hands were warm, slightly clammy, and secure. They threaded through his fingers, pinning them to the table, as Steve’s mouth ghosted across the nape of Tony’s neck.
Tony nearly wept in relief, slumping against the car as Crossbones’ attention was drawn away. His vision wavered and he did have to roll slightly to the side to retch as nausea swept through him. He heard Crossbones curse and the sounds of more arrows embedding themselves in the ground.
“Oh,” Tony blinked, “I could eat. Actually, I probably should.” He waited a moment to see if his stomach would have comedic timing, and when it didn’t, he went back to ruminating on the almost-kiss. If that’s what it had been. It was entirely possible that all of it was in his head, but he didn’t own multiple doctorates to be
“This is what you chose for me losing the bet?” He’d scratched at his stomach and laughed a little as Bucky had nipped at his fingers. He’d buried his hand in his Bucky’s hair as Steve had leaned over his kissed the corner of Tony’s mouth.
“You sure know how to pick ‘em, Rogers,” Sam said, turning on his stool to face Steve, “Potential brainwashed best friend from the 30’s running around like a ghost --which, thanks for the invite to the coldest place in December by the way-- and now… Now, you have a potential supervillain boyfriend that’s practically throwing down the- He’s throwing down the gauntlet! To Pierce!
It’s irrational, he knows that. He knows it on a visceral level that he’s being ridiculous. All he has to do is sit forward and join the conversation.
As Tony, he felt his stomach roll at the thought, but as Iron Man, he stood firm and unyielding to the guilt. After all, Iron Man was supposed to be the bad guy.
Steve turned his head to look at Tony, who sat in a chair by a window. He had his legs drawn up so that his feet were propped on the windowsill, and the cuffs of his sweatpants had slid up to reveal a smattering of dark hair on Tony’s ankle. It struck Steve as weirdly intimate. He cleared his throat and looked back to the armor.
"Stark!" Steve yelled and Tony knew he was close, but the case was falling apart as the armor burst out of it, called by the seemingly harmless bracelet they'd given back to him. The end of the airstrip was coming up fast and Tony was starting to feel the exhilaration of the chase. He wasn't going to make it. Steve was going to catch up. He could feel him shouting from just behind, and he twisted around briefly to shove his palm out. A pulse of energy waved out from his bracelet, and Steve just barely ducked behind a pallet of crates before the pulse rocked everything around him.
Tony’s hand jerked forward, clanging his connector against the inside of the chest cavity. He pulled his hand free and shook it slightly to try and still the trembling.
Tony stares at the datapad for long, long beat of silence. Long enough that Steve begins to fidget. He swallows heavily and jerks the datapad away from Steve as Steve goes to take it away.
“I love you,” Steve eventually sighs out. “And whenever you’re in the room, I am always, always aware of you. You’re a very important part of me, Tony. And you’ll always be a very important part of us. Even when it doesn’t feel like it. When that happens, do what you need to do, baby, and I’ll be right behind you to remind you how much we love you.”
For Steve, everything seemed to be happening too fast, but the guns that were raised and fired were grounding, something he was used to and could fight against. Well, if he had his shield, that was. There was a bored sigh and a pulse of energy that pushed past him and blasted the henchmen and their guns across the room to crash into the wall.
Once they were settled back at home, Tony stood his ground, chin lifted. He doesn’t go back to school that year. Or the next. In the span of those two years, Tony thought he might have seen Howard a grand total of less than ten times.
For some reason, it's exactly what Tony needs to hear, the perfect words to ease the guilt on his shoulders as Steve's smiles and encouraging presence help to brighten the days again.
A single sob breaks past the dam of his clenched teeth and he sinks to a crouch in front of the counter. His fingers feel bloodless as they continue to grip the edge, and he shoves his forehead against the cabinet doors.
“Looks like your left patella is making a bid for freedom,” Clint answered casually, prodding Tony’s leg again.
The Captain’s entire posture changed, and Tony braced himself with a sigh just as the shield left the Captain’s hand. He projected the bank shot before the shield connected against the fallen beam, and kicked off the ground with a steady jet from his boots.
“I’m quite sure,” Victor replied, shifting to stand in front of Tony and pluck at the hem of his shirt where most of the dark stain of blood had settled. Tony inhaled sharply as the shirt was drawn up, but said nothing. He watched the slope of Victor’s nose, the sweep of his lashes, and felt his lip curl.
There was a whirlwind of motion as Ty turned and hauled Tony over to the bed a few feet behind them. Tony’s brain shorted out, unable to believe what was happening.
"You don't know what you're talking about," Tony yanked once, in vain, against Steve's hand, certain that he would find bruises later.
Tony frowned and looked down at his hands. He scratched one thumbnail along his other thumb, opened his mouth once or twice, then shook his head.
Tony cups Steve's knees as they frame his waist, fingers dipping into the crease of his knees then sliding up the ridiculous muscles of his thighs.
Tony barked out a laugh at that, mindful of the way his cheeks stayed stretched in a smile after his initial amusement. “Alright, Rogers, you win. I’ll let you let me treat you to dinner, but I definitely need to get cleaned up first.”
A few months later, Steve stirred sleepily on his stomach. Something tickled at his skin, and he murmured wordlessly without opening his eyes.
He ignored it all mostly. He, instead, focused on catching up with a few other artists he’d come to know over the years, and meeting a few he hadn’t.
The presence disappeared, taking the fake suit of armor with it and jarring Tony forward. He stumbled as the world rushed back into motion. He could hear Steve suddenly, yelling out orders for him to stop, and barely had time to hear the incoming whistle before he was bending backwards to avoid the shield that cut through the air above him. He fired a repulsor at the ground, spinning himself to the side and back into flight, skimming the ground to avoid the rebound of the shield.
Tony flinched as Howard grabbed his chin roughly, forcing him to meet his father’s gaze. He was very aware of the other men sitting by his father’s desk, but he wouldn’t look that way.
“Thank you! Finally, someone agrees with me about the coffee,” Tony exclaimed. He pointed at Rogers, shaking his finger slightly. “I’m onto you, Rogers. You’re just trying to work yourself into my good graces. What are you angling for? New bike? New Kevlar parachute?”
“Of course it is,” Victor sneered. He stepped away from the portal and waved Steve towards it, “Go on. It’ll take you to Anthony, and we will follow with his suit. I assume you’d like to be the one to ride to his rescue, the white knight.”
Steve had been unable to block it out, no matter how hard he’d tried to focus on the mission, and perhaps that’s why he was going in and out of consciousness while people talked above him. If he’d been cognizant enough, he might have found it ironic that he was where Tony had been just a month ago. Except Steve had fucked up and let the small band of smugglers surprise him, using ammunitions he hadn’t encountered before. The bullets had slammed into him, felt like they’d exploded, and sent him reeling off the shipping container he’d been fighting on. The last thing he remembered hearing was Natasha shouting and the distant sound of a helicopter.
"No, I appreciate that," Steve replies. The welcome is drawing thin. Tony gets up to leave. He walks to the door, and Steve stands behind him.
“Steve would like the tie,” Pepper pointed out, one brow lifting to show she wasn’t impressed with Tony’s tantrum.
That actually got a smile, halfway, but one nonetheless. It lit up his eyes, and Tony looked away from the blue, turning back to the hangar as the elevator came to a stop.
Tony signed the bill that had been left with their meal and stood. He felt the table shake slightly, most likely from Steve shoving his foot back into his shoe. He met Pierce’s gaze again.
“I’m sorry,” Steve was saying, “the meeting was longer than I expected. Do you still have time for lunch?”
Tony feels his pulse lurch in his chest. He’s missed the moment. His breath feels tight, eyes burning a little as he looks back up to the others and tries, tries
"You can take me for dinner too,” and okay, maybe Steve blew his mind a lot. Tony’s only human. And as Steve only laughs, Tony decides that’s okay.
Steve feels his breath catch at the mournful sigh of his name. The sound rattles around punctured lungs.
Steve stopped, and Tony turned to face him. Steve was watching him with thoughtful expression. “Will there be a second one?” he asked.
Steve’s head shot up, eyes wide. The chair he was sitting in clattered backwards as he rushed to his feet. “Tony! You’re awake!”
“I’m getting really tired of your interference, Captain,” Alexander snapped, cocking the hammer on his pistol again. Steve levered himself upward and put himself between Tony and Pierce.
“I, for one, couldn’t care less about Hydra, but I agree with Castle,” Scarlet Witch said, stepping lightly down from the tabletop. She smoothed her hands over her burgundy skirt. “You cannot allow him to bait you with these shipments. How many innocents died in the Port attack?”
“You need to start caring, Rogers, because there’s no telling how he’ll react when he wakes up. We don’t know shit about his true personality. We only know what he’s chosen to show us. On both sides.”
Tony slants forward against the headboard, eyes dark and blown as he watches Steve lick the come from his lips and pushes more into his mouth with his fingers, cleaning off his chin and then carefully cleaning off his face on Tony’s boxers.
“Thank you, my friend,” Thor was saying as he wrenched an antler into a new shape. “I enjoy my time on Earth, but I have been thinking of home more and more, during these holidays.”
“Tony!” Bruce interrupted, and Tony shut up, even as his brain continued to race ahead, considering and discarding theories as to what had gone wrong. Bruce gave him another quelling look for good measure as he came to sit down beside them.
The next morning – the day of the Maria Stark Foundation charity gala – Tony wakes up to find sun streaming through Steve’s bedroom windows, his head pillowed against the soft warmth of someone else’s bare shoulder, and JARVIS’ very amused announcement that Ms. Potts is at the door.
He catches Tony’s eyes, and the fragility he can see in them has Steve almost afraid to blink. “I’m sorry,” Steve says, and hopes Tony understands just how much he means it.
“What about clothes and all that?” Rogers had asked, and Tony and Happy had shared a look of mutual bafflement. Tony couldn’t remember ever in his life coordinating the packing of his clothes – which
“Yeah, yeah. I’m a delight, Rogers, and you know it. But seriously. They won’t damage the suit permanently, or get in your way in the field.”
just haven’t achieved the sort of mayhem that meets my standards,” Steve retorted, shoving lightly at Tony’s shoulder.
) asked worriedly, speaking to someone over Tony’s head. Who turned out to be Bruce wringing his hands and looking like he was either about to, or just had, vomited.
“It’s insulting that you think mine would ever break,” Tony says, but the background noise goes suddenly muffled, and there’s a level of focus in his voice that’s more familiar coming from Iron Man. “Where are you right now?
“What does that even mean, is this another Tumblr thing? I’m having FRIDAY revoke your Internet privileges. How do you even know how to use Tumblr when I’ve had to explain the autocorrect on your phone
“No, no, the workaround they’ve proposed to minimize energy discharge is inefficient; it’ll just drive up costs in the long run. Let me—” Tony is already pulling his soldering iron and one of the old energy cell prototypes out of Happy’s boxes. It seems like Happy had just swept everything on the surface of Tony’s desk into a crate, and since that’s exactly what Tony would have done, he can’t fault the instinct.
wasn’t the evil twin of the two, although how could anyone really be sure of something like that? Maybe there was a way to design a test to…
“Yeah, I realized that,” Rogers says ruefully when Tony points it out. “It’s not a big deal. I’ve had to keep the uniform on for longer, and under worse conditions. At least we’re not in a swamp.”
“The Avengers Initiative had failed,” Rogers finally reminds Tony. “Even as broken as it is, SHIELD feels like the only viable option for protecting Earth. Just because
Ellen, meanwhile, had brightened considerably at his suggestion. “Oh! Right. Thanks, Steve, you’re the best.” She shot him a sunny grin and began dragging her pink-faced Hufflepuff in the direction of Gryffindor Tower.
by another person, all Tony feels now is…sleepy. It’s nice, actually, to feel the warm pressure of Steve’s hand there. Safe. It’s the kind of touch that feels like it could shield him from danger, rather than itself be a threat. And Tony has no illusions that his brain will react the same way next time (not that there’ll be a next time when it comes to cuddling with Steve! It’s a
it’s simple – but he’s trying to run the mental calculations and all he can think about is the fact that he’s stuck on this stupid couch until Rogers decides otherwise.
He gives Steve an insincere smile and starts to tug on Tony’s arm. And Tony knows there’s an easy way to get himself out of this situation – has in fact gotten himself out of thousands of similar situations before – but when he searches his mind for the familiar script that will detach him from Damian, the words are all missing, replaced with a kind of buzzing static.
“Right,” Tony scoffs. “Because when a national icon calls me up all ‘hey, Stark, I’m rescuing a prisoner and HYDRA upgraded their cell locks, any thoughts? And oh, by the way, the guards already know I’m here, so talk fast,’ I regularly just hang up on them. Seriously? I’ve been pulling your ass out of danger for years and you still believe everything you see about me on TMZ?”
, in fact, hate him, he would have laughed at the expression on Tony’s face. It looked rather like his cauldron had exploded again, but like…in an emotional sense.
, he hadn’t meant to sound so breathless). Rogers nods down at his free hand, and that’s when Tony realizes he’s been tapping his fingers frenetically against the arm of the sofa.
get there in the end). There were fifteen minutes left on his patrol, and he was struck by a sudden need to spend them outside these castle walls.
forthcoming about the risks of this magical experiment with Bruce, but if he had been, Bruce never would have agreed to come. And Tony was
“Earlier,” Steve finally says, slightly muffled through the curtain, “you asked me why I left SHIELD. And the truth is that it was never really about SHIELD. Before the ice, I didn’t have that many people in my life, but the people who were there…I knew them backwards and forwards. I trusted them. We were a team; together ‘til the end of the line – sometimes whether I liked it or not.” Steve chuckles, clearly remembering a specific memory.
The moment their hands touch, there’s a loud bang, and a crackle of now all-too-familiar electricity, and both Tony and Rogers are thrown to the floor.
“Well I’m not letting you drag me around my own apartment just because you want to pace,” Rogers says flatly.
“Two days ago, you were calling the potential therapeutic benefits of this hand-holding spell “pseudoscience,” so how was I supposed to know what you meant?”
--” Steve makes a little noise of outrage, and Tony rushes on: “C’mon, do you really think you could stand it? Knowing that SHIELD was out there, playing their war games on the world stage, and you
“So this seems like the appropriate moment to tell you that I don’t know how to dance,” Steve mutters into his ear. His mouth has gone pinched at the corners, and his blue eyes are searching Tony’s face almost anxiously, like he’s bracing for either teasing or disapproval.
going to go home. And if, in the morning, you still want—” Another slight huff of maybe-laughter. “Yeah, well. We’ll talk in the morning. OK?”
,” he says sharply, and he’s standing and ripping open the shower curtain before he remembers that Steve is
“I’m a Stark, Bruce. We don’t say anything directly – I’ve gone a full year speaking with my mother in nothing but euphemisms. She once saw my Ravenclaw tie and said, ‘what a curious dark green color.’ After seven years, I still couldn’t swear that she
A group of Third Years immediately started giggling, and Tony sent them a very un-Steve-like glower.
—” Tony groans. He thinks he knocked his head against his desk because it’s suddenly killing him, and he can feel several scrapes and bruises forming from where he hit the floor, and if
So even though he falls asleep uncharacteristically quickly (because apparently Captain America has soporific powers), when Tony opens his eyes in the middle of the night, he assumes that Rogers must have made some small sound in his sleep. Everything is quiet now, though, so Tony hopes idly that he’ll be able to fall asleep again, since he’ll be stuck in the bed either way.
So then he’d slunk over to the Ravenclaw table, and had only been stopped at the last minute by Bruce frantically shaking his head at him, while Tony’s new Good Twin stared back at him with wide eyes. And not for nothing, but Steve-as-Tony (
“Yeah, try to contain your shock and awe. Do you know where he usually hangs out? I’ve only ever run into him mid-battle. Is there like a New York version of Hogwarts?”
And then Tony leans over the seats to tug Steve into the car by the hem of his shirt. So, probably real.
He suddenly began attending to the signals of his own body, which had been practically shouting that it was painfully trapped in robes that were several sizes too small for it. Tony had at first attributed that sense of tight discomfort to the residual effects of the spell, but no –-
Tony Stark was effortlessly good at most things he tried, but there were two things he was genuinely bad at: giving and receiving gifts.
Several days after his and Steve’s Hogsmeade trip, and a few days before the end of term, Tony was forced once again to endure Potions with his terrifying Slytherin partner. He’d become more careful since that first day about paying attention in lessons he would usually ignore. He learned to calibrate his own work to
. Again. He could still be alive now, or he could have died in the water, and this time, I really would’ve been the one to kill him. So. Now you know what I dream about. Bucky falling.”
Which Tony is then informed in no uncertain terms is “irrelevant to the issue at hand” and also “unsupportive of his employees’ interests.”
more complicated when the participants are also holding hands, and had silently agreed never to discuss it again. They’d also discarded participating in a scavenger hunt (even though JARVIS assured them that he would construct one “appropriate to the circumstances,” and honestly, Tony hopes to never learn what that means), building a structure out of toothpicks and marshmallows (Tony was all for it, but Rogers informed him with some relief that he didn’t have any marshmallows in his apartment), and anything involving singing. Tony is willing to take the chance that karaoke isn’t the key to unlocking this spell, and if it is, well, there are worse things than being stuck with Rogers for the rest of their lives. Like having to live with the memory of Captain America singing “Sweet Caroline.”
And then he’d whirled on Tony and done something complicated with his hands, and the next thing Tony knows, Strange is gone and Steve
Steve’s got his head tipped back against a brick wall, the phone on speaker in his lap, and in some distant, fuzzy way, he’s impressed that he managed to make his phone work at all. It’s still only about a fifty-fifty success rate while he’s
Rogers shoots him a startled glance, and then his mouth twitches up into another one of those small, slightly wry smiles. It’s there for an instant, and then gone again by the time he turns back to Pepper.
, since by the time he’d hit the thirtieth floor, the Iron Man suit had molded around him exactly as it was supposed to do, so
hate it. I don’t think you’ve relaxed since it happened yesterday. Your hand keeps tensing up, did you know that? And it’s not just the armor that you don’t want touched – you jump or flinch practically any time I touch
Tony doesn’t think Steve would know an innuendo if it appeared in front of him festooned with eggplant emojis.
“Can’t you stay still for five minutes?” A harsh voice breaks into his rhythm, and it’s so close to what he himself was thinking that at first, he worries that he’s the one who’d spoken. But when he glances around, it’s to find Rogers frowning at him from his side of the sofa.
He tries again. “Tell them we were holding hands in the performance of our superhero-ly duties. It was necessary for the fight against evil.”
“You got me nothing,” Tony concluded, a grin spreading slowly over his face. “You know how much I hate gifts, and so you got me nothing.”
like the kind of thing a house with an address like ‘177A Bleecker Street’ would have,” Tony argues. “It’s like the world’s most annoying Sherlock Holmes cosplay.”
The unofficial one had involved them trying to find their way to the common areas in the dark, which had resulted in several minor mishaps involving the now-bedraggled poinsettias, and a new sensory deprivation training regimen for Christmas, from Steve to all of them.
“It’s not personal,” he rushes to explain. “And I know it’s irrational. It’s just a stupid thing my brain does, ever since Af—” His words stutter to a halt. Which is
“I know,” Steve answers. He’s momentarily shocked by the sincerity in his own voice, but then, he’s never been much for stealth himself. He reaches out to tap Tony briefly on the knee, to call his attention back from the window. Tony’s head whips around, looking startled and oddly caught-out, and Steve gives him what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “Thank you.”
Tony’s quill stopped scribbling abruptly, and Steve watched as a large splotch of ink spread across the page. The ink, at least, was safe enough to look at right now. Steve could feel his face burning.
“Really?” Steve burst out, finally lifting his eyes to Tony’s face. Tony was blushing but grinning widely back at him. “Tony, that’s—!“
“Well that’s good, right?” Tony said brightly, never one to look a gift wizard in the mouth. “Means all your dire predictions of world-ending doom and gloom no longer apply. Maybe Thanos or whoever isn’t coming.”
Suddenly, like a switch has flipped, Steve feels himself going from pleasant-and-floaty drunk to alone-in-an-alley drunk.
“Stick with me, kid. You’ll be fine,” Steve murmurs into his ear, and Tony can’t help the bark of genuine laughter he lets out at that. Steve’s lips twitch and one of his eyebrows lifts minutely, an expression too small for anyone else to catch – a smile that’s only meant for Tony.
“The arrogance of youth,” McGonagall retorted, but her anger seemed to dissipate slightly at whatever she saw on Tony’s face. Steve found that he couldn’t read Tony’s expressions half as well, now they were back on his own face. That thought made him feel rather lonely and miserable, and then annoyed with himself for feeling either. It wasn’t as though it had been sustainable for them to just…stay that way, no matter what Clint might’ve claimed.
Gallinius scoffed loudly. “A beast like you isn’t smart enough. Walking around here like you’re better than the rest of us!”
almost makes the asset’s skin crawl. He responds with a grunt and loses time to hanging Steve up by his wrists and ankles. Steve remains unconscious through the first death. Tony allows it to be fairly quick; perhaps to avoid allowing her to get in their heads.
Once the meeting had finally ended, he’d made a run -fast walk- to his office on that floor (he has one on every floor just in case - sue him) and shut the door behind him. Frantically, he’d leaned against his back to the door to get his hand into his pants, but the vibrations stopped immediately.
“People like you?” Steve asked. He waited for Tony to take a seat before returning to his. “Peggy said it was difficult for you because you’re a musician.”
Bold black cuffs made from lambskin and lined in faux red and gold chinchilla fur for Tony’s comfort and his ego. It wasn’t as if he could see it, but Steve knew, and that was the important part. He happened to like those colors; he was rather fond of them on Tony. They currently held Tony’s hands up with his arms spread wide. The hooks rattled against their anchors as he scraped his hands against the brick wall.
“You will remove the bindings, Loki,” Thor argued, shaking Loki just a little, “and you will apologize to the Captain for your interference.”
He spent a long time on Tony’s cock, nuzzling and licking. Tony’s every breath became a pant, his legs trembling and tensing against the bars and Steve’s shoulders. Steve worried briefly about bruises along Tony’s knees, but the worry was swept away by a particularly needy moan leaking from Tony’s open mouth. His lips felt hot and slick from his spit and Tony’s precome, but he continued to slide them, partially open, over Tony’s shaft, then down over his balls until he’s nosing in beneath. He shifted a little, knocking a moan out of Tony, shoving his shoulders into Tony’s legs to get his mouth just behind Tony’s balls, tongue running firmly against his perineum.
The man -Steve nods, and by unspoken agreement, they remain silent the few blocks to the Tony's hotel. Steve doesn't say anything about the location, its doorman or the fancy, gilded elevators. He doesn't ask after the expensive room service cart that's waiting for Tony upon entry into the suite, doesn't even exclaim at the view through the open balcony doors.
"Steve," Tony hears, and he glances at the man who seems as relaxed as Tony  the alcohol would make him.
“We’ve gone over everything more than once. Even you had to agree that Iron Man wasn’t responsible for half the shit they’ve said.” Sam put his hand up for another round, and Steve briefly considered asking for something weaker before Sam passed out on the floor, but he just let it go.
When he tried to move his hands, he found his wrists caught in what was most likely the same metal that was wrapped over his mouth. He let the frustration well up through every inch of his body, disgusted with himself for his predicament.
They walked quietly for a minute or two, the backs of their hands brushing until Steve took Tony’s hand to hold.
“Thanks, J,” Tony ground out, not even paying attention to where the missile exploded behind him. He banked to the left again, leading the fake armor behind him on a merry chase around the water’s edge of The Port Authority, “How much longer until the dead zone is ready?”
“Doctor Doom,” he replied tightly, “Sorry to burst your bubble, but your boyfriend isn’t here right now.”
“Not even a hint of hesitation,” Victor murmured, not turning around to face Tony. He continued, louder: “I believe it would be a good time for you to leave, before you further insult my hospitality. Good night, Anthony.”
“Are you sure about that?” Natasha asked quietly, red gaze focusing on Stephanie once more. “It seems to me that admitting something like that makes you very strong indeed.”
“Do you know what they do to thieves some countries, boy?!” Howard snarled. Never let it be said that, even raging drunk, Howard didn’t take care of his kid. He dragged Tony, wide-eyed and too scared to protest, down to his lab. The other hand kept turning the pill bottle round and round. His stride was strong, commanding, as unyielding as his grip around Tony’s wrist.
“St-” Tony choked as he pulled his hand free and let the friction of Steve’s muscles drag against his cock. He tangled his hand into Steve’s hair and slanted their mouths together. Steve’s pace picked up, almost harsh in the smack of skin on skin. The kiss broke the tender skin of Steve’s lip, but Tony’s tongue was quickly chasing away the pain.
He pulls away from Steve and their friendship. Hides in the catacombs of his lab. Buries himself in wires and metal and inventions, lets Jarvis recommend new places and ideas for Steve to take obviously more deserving people than Tony. So he doesn’t see Steve’s hurt gazes or dismayed expressions.
Iron Man’s right palm shot out, firing explosive flares as he banked sharply down and to the left. He forced himself to fly faster and barely rolled to the side in time to avoid the missile that was aimed his way.
“Something’s in our heads,” he said, and he watched Tony look up again, brow furrowed, “And you think you know what happened, don’t you?”
"So fucking... Goddamn," Tony manages, squeezing on the next stroke and finding his climax with a painful exhale. He does as promised, painting Steve's mouth and tongue with cum, catching the slope of his cheek and the thickness of his eyelashes.
The room beyond the glass is now empty, and Steve can't hold himself up anymore. His body sags, the weight of it pulling him towards the floor. He's been injured for too long to put up much of a fight for long. He's fought and struggled, begged and offered Tony everything in his power to give, and it, all of it, has been rejected. One after the other, until all that Steve had had left was himself.
Rogers lifted a hand, hesitated as he searched Tony’s face, then carefully rubbed at Tony’s cheek. Tony felt grease give way under Rogers’ thumb, and while he was relaxed against the turbine, his heart was pounding fiercely.
"Jarvis!" Tony shouted, running flat out along the strip. There was a brief moment where nothing happened before the agent in the jet cursed and Tony's case was shooting out of the jet.
Stark kicked the soldier for good measure, smirking as he dry heaved in the grass. Stephanie had enough presence of mine to kick the cadet in the face as he tried to rise behind her.
Again, the gunshot filled Tony’s ears before anything else. This time, though, it was Pierce that jerked with the impact. It was Pierce that fell backwards, bleeding, letting go of the gun as he landed. Blood flowed from the wound in his forehead, and it was Steve Tony saw with the gun when he fell back against the pier.
“This is all… extremely fascinating and nauseating, but we’ll be going. Yes, brother?” Loki asked, examining his nails.
Crossbones’ head exploded just as Ronin vaulted backwards to avoid the splatter. The recoil from the shotgun had the butt of it slamming into Tony’s shoulder, but he honestly couldn’t have cared any less. As Crossbones’ body crumpled, so did Tony. He collapsed against the ground, the gun rolling away from his hand.
“I had to pull Tony out of a very, very important meeting because some men I know don’t understand the meaning of appropriateness. Now, this little display kink the two of you have is all well and good, but when it interferes with the way I run this company…” She lets the threat trail off, and Tony’s cackling on the inside as his boys fall into parade rest. They both look guilty.
She frowned as his heart began to beat faster, too fast. He was restrained in a bed with machines. He had to get free. If Pierce found him like that, he’d be a dead man with no chance to fight. He pulled at the cuff, yanked at it like a baby grasping at a toy. The woman backed up once, mouth moving. Her words came to him from a tunnel, muffled and indistinct, spoken to a shadow in his peripheral.
“I’m pretty sure you’re the one not getting it, buddy,” Frank Castle said from the left side of the room. He stood at the windows, barely looking at the others in the room and really only glaring at Iron Man when he did. “You’re killing just as many as you’re saving.”
Crossbones leant down, dragging Tony’s head up as he pressed his mouth to Tony’s ear to say in a rough attempt at a purr; “Or what, did you really think we didn’t know who you were behind that mask? God, you’re pretty pitiful without that thing. Bet you couldn’t even fight back without it.”
“Shit-fuck!” He’s cradling his head and crouching back down as Steve’s white socks come into Tony’s watery view. There are little apples on Steve’s socks and they have happy faces on them. Tony feels the sob catch in his throat.
Turning around to find more than a half dozen men crowding the doorway to the shed, Stephanie put her hands slowly up, palms forward. “Now, fellas, think about what you’re doing. Surely we can work this out.”
“Well, by my stars and stripes, if it isn’t Captain Rogers,” he greeted, letting a smile come to his mouth before he took his glasses off.
It turned out, almost three hours later, that Captain Rogers was far more intelligent than anyone had been letting on. It was a gratifying discovery when Rogers asked all the right questions, never once falling behind or getting lost in Tony’s answers. He was truly interested in everything Tony was teaching him. It was refreshing, illuminating.
Howard’s furious expression softened, features smoothing out until Tony, trembling and uncertain, began to relax a little. Howard tilted his head and contemplated his fingers around Tony’s slender arm. He sighed and Tony recoiled a little with the odor of alcohol.
Tony gave Steve a look like the gender wasn’t the important part of the story, saying, “I told you, he was in my head, saying things, trying to fuck with me. It doesn’t matter. What matters is that he connected us somehow. I haven’t run into any other sorcerers than Scarlet Witch, and she would never do that to me.”
Tony gets one hand in Steve's hair and fists the blonde strands until he can tug. He doesn't know if it's gentle or not, but Steve only hums against his pubic bone, so Tony doesn't give a shit.
“What if he feels something’s off?” Sam wondered after a moment while Steve contemplated his empty glass. He felt Sam glance his way.
His shiny loafers came into Tony’s blurry vision and shoved his face up. He grunted around the cloth gag, curling his fingers into fists behind his back. His ribs ached with the struggle he’d put up against Pierce’s men, and his nose burned with the strong scent of the harbor just beyond the pier. He could almost feel the water lapping at his clothes.
“You know,” Steve says quietly, musing, hands stroking lightly over Tony’s skin. “I read that these can also be used in electro-stimulation.”
Tony let out a huff of amusement, and that was definitely an honest feeling, because it was such a fucked up truth. “I didn’t mean to. I thought I was calling my partner.”
” The music was too loud. The singer was right against his eardrum, pounding against his brain like a bass beat. His eyes were open, but only enough to see that the lights were changing too fast.
The world returned in muffled sounds and flashes of lights from the dashboard of Tony’s car. He flinched as sparks landed against his skin. The movement brought screaming pain into awareness and he coughed once through the smoke wafting in from the engine. He fumbled for the door, cursing at the sharp twinge in his broken thumb, and felt the crumpled in remains of the driver side. He cautiously turned his head and coughed again, taking stock of his position.
Tony blinked at the sky behind Steve’s shoulder. When the burn of tears threatened, he turned his face to Steve’s neck and sighed, clenching his hands in the back of Steve’s shirt. He relaxed as Steve’s larger hands stroked down his spine in soothing passes.
“Yes,” and this time the man responds in English, tightly clipped and the accent barely noticeable. He sways a little and lets Steve grasp his elbow to steady him. “I believe I was mugged… Blast this head of mine. It aches a bit fiercely.
Stephanie bit the inside of her cheek, but didn’t answer. It didn’t matter who started it. It wouldn’t stop, and she believed that she’d one day be able to fight back properly to where it would. Whining to the General about the men stealing her stuff wouldn’t do her any good.
“You try saying no to them,” Tony snorts then tenses, because he’s not sure if he’s allowed humor -sarcastic or not- yet.
The next time Tony stepped on stage after a full recovery, Steve was in the wings. He stood next to Pepper, hands shoved in his pockets and dopey grin on his face, as they listened to the deafening roar of Tony’s fans.
Steve shoved his ribboned fingers into Tony's mouth, thrusting into Tony at the same time, his hips a sharp and snapping pace against Tony’s ass.
Tony's eyes cross with how tight Steve's body clenches down on his cock like he's trying to force Tony's orgasm along with him. It doesn't last, though. Steve pulls off before his dick is even done spilling, and he's pulling Tony up, up and up until Tony's kneeling and Steve is carefully, but impatiently pulling off the condom. Tony is already stroking himself quickly, teeth bared in tension as each upstroke shoves his cock against Steve's chin, his bottom lip.
He keeps his hands to himself, shoving them into his pockets and rocking forward into an aimless path through the store. He’s crouched down to examine a roll of blue acetate fabric. It’s such a clear azure that Tony immediately thinks of calm skies and flying. He wants it.
Three scared technicians, surely a dump truck’s worth of coffee, a stripped-off shirt, and enough accumulated engine crud covering his skin to grease an entire amusement park later, Tony was fairly furious enough to chew through one whole section of the turbine.
Rogers busied himself with kneeling down to set everything out on the floor for them. Out of the bag, he pulled take-out dining ware, two large bottles of water, and a styrofoam take-out container with two smaller containers taped to its lid. It smelled disgustingly, mouthwateringly good, and Tony pointed at it.
Steve shook his head, leading Tony down into the SHIELD garage where Tony’s car was parked. Their voices were oddly loud in the silence of the steel around them. Tony automatically lowered his tone.
His mother was cradling him. He blinked blearily up at her chin, her soft perfume wafting as she yelled. Howard was just out of the corner of Tony’s eyes, on the phone and rubbing his face as he paced.
“I don’t know what to tell you, man,” Sam said on a sigh, “You should’ve walked away the moment you started liking him. It’s like all these stories, right? Never fall in love with the mark. It never goes smoothly. But hey, I think at least half of them get a happy ending.”
at me? That’s so cheesy, Rogers.” Tony replied teasingly. He rubbed his nose back at Steve’s and finished; “For the rest of my life,” he murmured, brushing a hand through Steve’s damp hair to clear his brow. Steve’s smile was small, his gaze soft, and Tony had never loved him more.
Tony’s gaze snapped down to Rogers’ face, heart stuttering for just a moment when he fully registered what had just happened. “I’m… Yeah, I’m fine, Captain,” he replied slowly, even as he hastily clambered up the side of the turbine to get to the top of the crane. Wench intact, he began to draw the pulley back up along the splintered cabling just enough that Rogers could duck out from the panel and help guide the pulley to the ground. The panel was discarded off to the side, warped beyond a simple fix. Tony would have to take a sledgehammer to it later.
Steve panted heavily as he dragged himself away from the magnet, heart pounding with the exertion. When the straining effort gave way to breaking the pull of the magnet, he wasn’t quick enough to stall his own motion and ended up flat on his back to stare at the ceiling. Sweat dripped into his eye and he squeezed them shut, shaking his head a little.
Her hand continued to smooth down his back and she gently hummed to soothe him. Eventually, he was exhausted and he worried he’d crush his mother under the weight of his armor, but when he went to move, the arm around him clamped down, creaking Tony’s joints as the armor began to buckle.
in mind, to make sure he kept the Captain on his toes, but firmly at arm’s length. It wouldn’t do for Rogers to build an interest in him, but it was a surprise that Rogers was even beginning to hint at it. Not so innocent, Rogers had said.
"Show me one, and I might," Tony cracked back, tone whip-tight, as they started dragging him down the road towards the jet.
“I, um…” Steve pushes off his stool and steps towards the table as Tony sits up with a push of his hands. He watches Steve square his shoulders and purposely set the datapad down in front of Tony. He keeps one large hand covering the screen, though, waiting for Tony to look back up. “I want to discuss our topic from the other night.”
The crowd was still cheering, sounding tinny and distant from the square television suspended in the corner above the bar. The volume was just high enough to be a low buzz for most of the patrons, but Steve could hear it crystal clear. He picked at a peanut shell as he let his gaze travel up to the screen where banners and posters fought valiantly to block the news cameras.
Six years later, Tony ended up at the Superhero Academy. He’s pretty sure it was only because he’s rich. Let’s be honest, they all knew he wasn’t a hero.
“No, I think I can keep still enough,” Steve promises, golden lashes fluttering. Tony strokes his fingers back through Steve’s damp hair and then down his neck and across his shoulders. Soothing passes that successfully have Steve’s shoulders loosening as he breathes out a much more relaxed breath. “I’m ready. I’ve… It’s been driving me crazy all week. Tony, th-”
Tony watched Steve’s throat bob, watched his gaze dart from the suit, to Tony’s hands, back up to Tony’s face.
Tony felt the flare of heat that could be fanned to something more, and the question was mirrored - he was sure - in Steve’s gaze as they pulled apart. For some reason, though, he knew that he wasn’t going to let it go further.
“None, sir. Since Hydra has gone silent, so have most of your contacts. I have briefed Doctor Doom according to protocol. His returned message states that he’s aware you took the brandy, and he expects the vucana wool in the color you promised in return.”
"Wait Steve—" Bucky called after him, but he was out of earshot and didn't hear what he had to say after that.
Steve breathed in, rubbing his eyes. “He was so fast. Really strong, too. There’s no way he was only human. And there was something—he had a metal arm. Robotic, I think.”
That was no surprise. Steve could imagine the guy would be a stuck up asshole. That didn't mean he'd take insults, but Tony didn't need to know that. Just seeing Tony's body language when he talked about the guy made Steve's violent urges struggle to the surface. No one had the right to make Tony this unhappy.
Bucky opened his mouth to say something—probably how if Steve never went on dates he also couldn’t have met someone, which was fair enough, but Natascha talked right over him.
“One more reason he should’ve talked to me,” Steve murmured, rubbing his temples. “But yeah… I guess I know where he was coming from.”
Tony lifted his head and stared down into Steve’s glistening eyes, his fingers sifting tenderly through the damp hair at his temples. “Alright?”
“What?” Steve breathed. He followed Sam’s gaze and instead of Austrian Special Forces, as he had expected, he saw a man in a black suit and mask approaching, golden claws on his gauntlets shining dangerously in the moonlight.
“No, I’m staying.” Steve turned back to fully face the bed. He seemed to realize how abrupt his answer had been, and cast Tony an apologetic glance. “I mean… I can’t leave him until… I can’t leave him.”
“I love you, you know?” he asked quietly. “This doesn’t change anything between us. I won’t allow it.”
“I wouldn’t leave you behind, you know that,” Steve said softly. He stood up and opened the chain with a few quick movements. It fell to the ground an Bucky moved his shoulder around, the metal arm whirring. “We have food and a medkit in our car. You need anything?”
"Probably," Steve said as he looked after Natasha. She might have an edge on Tony, he thought, but it seemed she liked him well enough to not use it.
Even when Tony had been on the front pages for a whole two weeks, Steve had never once distrusted him. A paparazzi had taken photographs of him leaving a hotel suite with his business partner, who happened to also be an attractive, young a woman Tony Stark was allegedly cheating on him with. Tony had ranted and raved on the millions he’d be suing the guy for and Steve just…
“I don’t know. But with what already happened, I think that if we don’t do this now, sign the Accords as a team, shit really will hit the fan.”
The air smelled of thick smog, a motorcycle honked, yelling at them to get out of the way. The sidewalks were just as bad if not worse than the streets. People pushed and shoved as they hurried to their set out destination. There was so much movement that even a fight between two super-humans didn’t rouse the people to clear the area and look for safer grounds.
Now, Tony was lounging in his car seat, a hand wrapped around Steve’s, the other sat lightly on the steering wheel as he glanced at him in question.
Steve took it down with one swift movement, then fell in step beside Tony. Together, they moved on and fought side by side, as if they’d done it all their lives.
"Thanks, Hawkeye," Steve said into the comm and rushed on towards the mass of thicker vines loosely wrapped around the base as Hawkeye saluted from the top of a tree across the street. Iron Man was circling up above, hopefully scanning the creature for weak spots, while Bruce stayed behind in the Quinjet, analyzing the data. For the time being, Steve didn't think they needed the Hulk to step in, finding more value in the professor doing some research. "Any news, Dr. Banner?"
For a second, Steve looked past him, his face scrunching up into a grimace, then he stared back at him. His eyes were filled with tears now and his fingers laced through Tony’s even more fiercely.
“You mean… Virginia?” Steve asked, remembering Stane’s words. “‘Pepper’? That’s a bit of an unusual nickname, isn’t it?”
Tony paused then, and while his anger didn’t subside—Obi had made sure of that—it was sort of overshadowed with a cautious relief that Steve hadn’t just decided to forget about him altogether.
The others were still inside the farmhouse, dressing and gearing up and discussing last details. Bucky seemed to be thrilled being at the heart of Steve’s plan, while Natasha, Sam and Clint had quietly left the room to get into their uniforms. Thor was still off literally doing god-knows-what. Bruce had not really talked to him since the party at the Tower, but Steve had assured him that Big Green was in on the game plan. He was probably just gun-shy about seeing Tony after their one-on-one in Wakanda.
They crash together in a tangle of mouths and hands, Tony only half-on the bed and Steve falling half-off it. Tony’s thigh is pressed hot against Steve’s, and his fingers are rough on Steve’s cheeks, holding him still for a kiss in a nonverbal assertion of control that prompts Steve to tug at a curl of Tony’s hair in retaliation. Tony moans and then immediately slurs “shuttup” against Steve’s mouth. Steve starts to grin, and Tony pulls back to give him a dire glare.
“Oh no, not that one,” a deep voice interrupted him. It was coming from closer than Tony thought any voices should be. He glanced up to find another Gryffindor Seventh Year that he recognized vaguely – Thor Odinson – looming over him as he frowned down at Tony’s book.
“What makes you think I even have the money?” Tony is saying on the phone, and Steve can’t help a snort.
In any event, in the time that Tony and Pepper spend shouting at each other about SI’s paid leave policies for some reason, Steve actually
“Well, first thing, we should probably contact everyone on Fury’s old list of potential Avengers,” Steve muses. “Strange seemed pretty convinced that the Avengers would be the key to beating Thanos. I think Romanoff and Barton are still working for SHIELD. Sam’ll definitely know—”
“So what do you suggest we do?” he asks her, which is the closest Tony thinks he’s ever heard Rogers come to an apology.
“Trust me,” Tony insists. “Nobody in the known universe is harder to impress than Massimiliano. You look amazing.”
to me, especially when my real life felt so clear. I always had a path forward, even when I didn’t like it. But after I built the Iron Man armor, I started thinking more and more about all the science fiction stuff I’d used to love as a kid.”
keep the coms clear, and this will only spur him to greater, more embarrassing heights – Steve presses redial and waits for death to take him.
Once they’d gotten far enough away from the Great Hall to talk privately, Tony whirled around to face Steve, opened his mouth, shut it again, and then very unsubtly checked around them for quick exits. He was rocking a bit on the balls of his feet and was refusing to meet Steve’s eye. So, overall, he was doing a great job of instilling confidence that everything was totally fine.
that they’d never get caught this way” as Steve laughed at him. Even getting caught by Professor Sinistra – because
?” Tony finally asks sourly, tugging at Rogers’ hand just to see him wobble slightly before managing to stabilize himself against Tony’s desk. Rogers shoots him a dirty look, to which Tony just smiles blandly.
, but—” Tony cut himself off before he could explain the clear difference between a normal thing you buy for a person, and a
on occasion, at telling the truth, said: “Of course! I have gifts for everyone! But in this case, I’m pretty sure I can return it.”
know that, because neither of you could shut up about rotation speeds the whole time I was trying to watch
“Hmm,” said Clint, glancing between the two of them before filching a bean from Natasha. “Gross,” he added feelingly, and Steve could only assume that he was talking about the jellybean.
.” There’s a bitterness to the way he draws out that last word. “It’s a nice theory, I guess. Protecting me, keeping secrets, making things
“Oh.” Tony sat up and rested his chin on his knees, a ball of angular awkwardness. Steve wondered if
coming out is a whole different kind of media circus! Not to mention Cap would have lie about it for basically the rest of his life. Just because someone somewhere took a photo of us holding hands? C’mon, Pepper,
. He pulls a bookmark out from the middle of the book and rests his feet against a battered coffee table so that he can prop the book up against his knees and turn the pages one-handed.
The sun had gone down by the time they emerged from the Post Office, and the glow of the Christmas lights was even lovelier in the half-dark. With the snow muffling voices and footsteps alike, the entire village felt soft and quiet. Steve and Tony still had a little while before they had to be back at the castle for dinner, and Steve found himself reluctant to allow this afternoon to end. Even though they still had another week remaining in the term,
When he’d finished his internal inventory and was able to notice anything outside of himself, it was to find McGonagall in as much of a temper as he’d ever seen her. Tony, meanwhile, was rolling his shoulders as though his robes itched, and looking cowed by whatever McGonagall has said while Steve wasn’t paying attention.
A nearby printer whirred to life, and when Tony went to retrieve the pages, found that JARVIS had taken it upon himself to illuminate them like medieval manuscripts.
Massimiliano proceeds to give Steve a single assessing stare that sweeps from his head to his toe. Then he turns around and walks out of Steve’s apartment.
Pepper softening in the face of that earnest tone. And then he adds, totally deadpan: “Approximately.”
build this yourself, didn’t you?” Rogers turns his head slowly, away from the coffee maker and toward Tony.
Now, safely ensconced in the Potions dungeon that afternoon – with Bruce and Rogers sat behind him, and Natasha Romanoff (Rogers’ Potions partner) serenely stirring their Elixir to Induce Euphoria – Tony felt like it might finally be safe to breathe a bit.
trusted him to check out a book without delivering several dire warnings about damaging it. Now, Steve would be lucky if she ever let him near a book again.
” Tony echoes, his smile twisting into something sardonic, even as his steady gaze on Steve never wavers.
“Yes, Professor,” Tony said in a low voice. Steve frowned and tried to get his attention with a gentle nudge, but Tony didn’t look up.
“Right.” Rogers presses his lips into a sad line. “I just thought maybe working on the armor would help. Give you something to focus on aside from—” he tugs at their hands. “Since it’s clear how much you hate it.”
But Tony’s own regular-human strength doesn’t seem to be enough to dislodge Rogers or shake his own hand loose. What if he can’t get free? His breath starts to catch.
touching Steve. So he squeezes the hand that he’s holding, and Steve squeezes his back. Just a light acknowledging pressure.
“Believe me, Stark, I never have any idea what you mean,” Strange had said dryly. “But this is uniquely bad, even for you.”
“Never for you, O Captain, My Captain,” Tony replies. Steve’s familiar with the Whitman poem, although something about Tony’s inflection suggests there’s a contemporary nuance he’s still missing. “What’s up?”
“Yeah, your neighbors must hate you,” Tony says sarcastically, but lets himself be dragged out of bed and toward Steve’s front door.
,” Tony – who is absolutely, in no way, panicking about this – repeats. He yanks at his hand, but Rogers still has a tight hold on it.
Rogers fiddles one-handed with his phone for a few more seconds, and then finally manages to reach his super-secret SHIELD contact.
“It was highly misleading. I feel misled,” Tony continues to object, much weaker than before, and Steve shoots him a grin before starting to work on the buttons of Tony’s own shirt.
“If you’re quite finished fan-casting yourselves, can we please get back to how we’re going to manage the massive PR clusterfuck you handed over to me so that you could enjoy your fun little stay-cation here?” Pepper asks.
“Tony, I’m hours from New York and I have no idea where I am,” Steve reminds him, suddenly irked that Tony’s not taking this more seriously, even though this reaction had been exactly what he’d expected when he dialed the phone. “How could you possibly ‘pick me up’?”
“Against…paying for lunch?” Tony finally asks, a bit strangled. He leans forward and puts his elbows on his knees, and Steve finds himself leaning forward to meet him.
On his last birthday, he’d jumped out of a fifty-first floor window just to avoid a surprise party, which sounds worse than it was,
“Roll with it? What d’you mean, ‘roll with it’?” Tony demands. “You cannot possibly be suggesting what I
“Well, yeah, I know I acted like an idiot – figured I’d give you a free chance to make fun of me. Call it a ‘thank you’ for getting me home.”
Rogers glances up from the tablet, and Tony could swear there’s a hint of a smile quirking up the corner of his mouth.
this hurts to hear. The plaintiveness in Tony’s voice, as much as the words themselves, because that
“Oh, she’ll get over it.” Tony smiled at him, a quick, nervous expression that looked strange on Steve’s face. “It’s not as though she saw what happened. Just tell her it was my fault. She’ll believe
They stay like that for a few moments, with Tony leaning his head against the bathroom wall, mind drifting, trying not to fall asleep completely to the soothing white noise of the shower.
He was just congratulating himself on remembering to use sneezewort in his Befuddlement Draught, as their textbook advised, instead of the trickier but more potent arrowroot, when Romanoff leaned over and said in a low undertone: “So,
First: Bruce started the incantation, his usually quiet voice strong and sure as he pronounced the Latin syllables.
one. It seems far more likely that Rogers had just sprung fully-formed onto this Earth as a paragon of morality.
Their path opened suddenly into a small clearing about twenty feet across, ringed by pine trees. Moonlight reflected off the snow that blanketed the ground, giving it a silvery glow. It would be a big enough space for the wards that Tony and Bruce needed to set. And it might be superstitious of him (not to mention a foolish feeling to indulge in the middle of the Forbidden Forest), but Tony felt oddly safe here, surrounded by the same kind of tree that had produced his own wand.
“Mm, that’s me. The figure of authority in this relationship.” Tony rolls toward Steve with a grin, giving him a slightly off-target kiss and then staying there, head resting against Steve’s shoulder. “What’re they up to, anyway? They asleep?”
“It’s a common enough form of psychic magic, although generally, it’s used for, well…” Strange regards them with a gleam in his eyes that cannot mean anything good.
Luckily, Pepper had pre-prepared answers for such questions as: “When did this happen?” And: “How did you finally get together?” And even: “What’s Captain America doing with
“You said this wouldn’t be dangerous!” Bruce hunched even deeper into his winter cloak and scowled down at the foot of snow they’d been trudging through. But he didn’t make any move to turn back, which was practically the same as wholehearted approval. A solid
“Am I Sandra Bullock or Ryan Reynolds in this scenario?” Tony asks when he sees the name. “I mean, Pepper’s obviously Betty White. How about you, Steve? Sandra or Ryan? Thoughts?”
Steve’s face went from wonderstruck to nauseated so quickly that Tony thought they were under attack.
,” Rogers whispers to Tony), and into a small, cluttered parlor, frowning speculatively at their hands the whole time.
it.” Wow, he’s already struggling to articulate it properly. “But anything worthwhile I did in the war, it always took two battles: felt like I had to fight through the entire US Army just to reach HYDRA. It was better once I had the Commandos.” Steve swallows, and concentrates on shadowing in Tony’s jaw. “Less complicated, I guess. We had each other, and that—that came first.”
Steve gives Tony an innocent grin that fractures into bliss when Tony gets a hand around him, deft and calloused and just this side of too rough. In other words,
“Y’know, on the phone, I was told very clearly that there would be no clothes. And then, what do I find when I get home?
At second, Tony registered that Steve’s normally impeccable posture collapsing into itself like a deflating soufflé, and Natasha’s comforting hand on one shoulder.
But Tony was on a roll now. “…So what you saw was actually a very complicated, very obscure – but definitely not illegal! – shield charm at work, and so I think we can all agree—“
“94 seconds,” FRIDAY informs him promptly, and Steve grins. Thirty seconds ago, it’d been five minutes.
Tony presented the Post Office to Steve with a dramatic flourish like he’d built it himself, and then bounced on his feet, clearly waiting for Steve’s approval.
“I can’t,” Steve interrupts, something settling heavily in the pit of his stomach that feels too much like longing. “I mean, sure, when you put it like that, maybe our
Steve’s hair is sticking up where he’d run his hand through it absently as they were working, and the lamp’s shadows are working to soft the angles of his face. And since he hadn’t shaved this morning, there’s also a hint of stubble on his cheeks, a darker shade than the blond of his hair. Tony’s never seen Steve anything but clean-shaven before. He wonders how many other people have, and how many of those people are still alive in 2016.
But if there’s one thing that sitting on a concrete divider halfway between Sandusky and Toledo is good for, it’s confronting how completely and utterly alone you are in the universe.
They both lit their wands and started down it. Tony cursed several times along the way as he hit his head on a low-hanging bit of the ceiling, because apparently, “I’m usually shorter when I’m walking down here.”
“It’s a perfectly ordinary, comfortable couch. And if I have to sit on it for one more minute, I am absolutely going to tear it apart.”
from us?” Tony groans at their hands. But Steve is openly laughing at him now, so Tony considers it worth it.
super rich, remember?” And Steve can tell, even with the suit dampening most of Tony’s subtler body language cues, that he’s practically vibrating with the anticipation of testing out the handholds. “The bike’ll be back in New York by tomorrow. So can we go, or what? I wanna hit up Philly before this cheesesteak place closes for the night.”
“JARVIS, start a spreadsheet,” Tony said, blinking down at the smoking remains of…a thing. What had he been doing again?
“It’s the farthest thing from fine! This whole time, you’ve thought that I wanted to forget about kissing you? That – that – I wanted to keep it a
” Tony moans, shuddering as he slides a hand through the short hairs at the base of Steve’s neck, the other clutching at one of his ever-present pillows. Steve lifts his head.
“O-kay?” It’s very possible that Tony hasn’t slept since he made Happy go retrieve Steve. Either that, or he’s accidentally discovered time travel and thinks Steve will disapprove. Maybe both. “Just don’t use yourself as a test subject again, please.”
“I’ve never liked Christmas traditions,” Tony said abruptly. He hadn’t meant to say it – has rarely talked about this before, but something about the bourbon, and the talk of holiday traditions, and Thor’s comforting equanimity, had made him blurt it out. He fiddled with the rein-goat’s wiring as he continued: “Most of my childhood, we hade those big Christmases. Y’know, like—” Tony glanced sidelong at Thor, wondering what reference would translate, and then remembered what Thor had apparently spent the entirety of December doing. “Like the movies. Anything you could imagine, we had it. And I hated all of it, of course, the whole exhausting production. I couldn’t wait to spend Christmas on my own, and so, once I went to MIT, that’s exactly what I did. I’d stay in Boston, sometimes alone, sometimes with Rhodey. Used to drive my mom crazy.”
“Learning: what a thrill,” Tony said, before winking at Steve and interlacing their hands under the table.
have the energy to grapple with just how attractive he finds Cap swearing – deadpan and a little cheeky as he infuses Tony’s thoughtless use of a commonplace curse word with renewed, filthy meaning.
why you have eight hundred of these,” he slurs. He tugs dizzily at Tony, who tips onto Steve’s chest and lets Steve maneuver them both until their cocks are aligned and one of Steve’s hands is wrapped around them. Tony’s body is pure heat against him. His hips are picking up Steve’s rhythm, a little shuddery like he’s already starting to lose control. He tucks his face into Steve’s neck so that his beard scratches the sensitive skin at Steve’s throat, and mumbles something that might be Italian or might be math.
Tony grinned dangerously at a group of fourth-year Hufflepuffs who were leaning across the aisle so dramatically that they were practically falling off the bench. They turned back around looking alarmed and a little unsettled, and Tony realized belatedly that Steve Rogers would never have made a face like that.
Despite the warmth and comfort of the Gryffindor common room, then, Tony was almost relieved that Steve’s assigned nighttime patrol shift gave him an excuse to leave. He ducked out of the portrait hole and almost immediately ran into a
. He hadn’t even considered all the high-level embarrassing things that could’ve happened. Like telling Tony who he’d been trying to
“That book,” Odinson continued, “is highly inaccurate. I do not believe the author spoke to any real Metaporphmagi at all. If he had, he would have known immediately that what he writes is impossible.”
for another fire, but if it made him happy…). Steve, as mentioned, was facing the goats with a funny expression on his face – which, if Tony didn’t know better, he might even call
successfully that the first time Steve saw more than a glimpse of his unruly curls hurrying the other way down a corridor, it was their first Potions lesson of the new year.
Twenty minutes later, he was bounding through the doors of the Great Hall, where the four House tables had disappeared to make way for one smaller table, just big enough for all the students staying at Hogwarts over the holidays to gather. Tony shoved his way between Bruce and Thor and immediately started piling his plate high with breakfast. A few moments later, Steve appeared as well, looking pink and uncomfortable and determined as he marched toward their end of the table. He squeezed in between Tony and Bruce, who made an annoyed sound at being displaced a second time, but Thor didn’t miss a beat before continuing their conversation, just more loudly and over Steve and Tony’s heads.
He wrenches his attention back to Steve’s face, and tries very hard to pretend he wasn’t ogling a man who’d just confessed his deepest traumas.
“Fine, whatever! Ugh, I’m already totally off-script…” Strange mutters to himself, before taking a deep breath and fixing Tony with a piercing stare. “Tony Stark,” he intones, “the universe is in danger from a powerful Titan named Thanos. I have taken a great risk by traveling back in time to warn you, but you need to know – the only future in which you have a
There’s a beat of silence as Steve grins and Tony works through the pun, before Tony groans, nipping at Steve’s bottom lip in reproach.
“He wasn’t a stranger, he was – oh!” Tony makes to sit up, forgets he’s still attached to Rogers, and goes down again hard, but he barely even registers the pain because he’s finally realized what they can try next. “Stephen Strange!”
also staying at Hogwarts for Christmas,” Tony murmured, leaning closer under the cover of stirring his now-ruined potion. Romanoff went pale with shock, swiftly followed by murderous fury.
“Oh.” For the first time in this entire strange conversation, Odinson looked mildly discomposed. “Was it meant to be a secret?”
The bathroom falls silent, except for the hiss of the shower. Tony is reeling in the face of everything Steve’s just told him. He opens his mouth to say something – probably stupid and inadequate – to address at least
That was all she managed to say before the rest of the class had poured out of the classroom after them, as the toxic smoke produced by their potion had proven itself remarkably resilient.
did,” Tony couldn’t help but point out, before remembering that he’d meant to shut up and not incriminate himself.
And Happy had said, “You got it,” emphatically, before directing a pointed glare Rogers’ way. Rogers had made that face again, like he was getting a headache, and hadn’t made any further effort to intervene.
“On the other hand, I’m feeling merciful, spirit of the holidays and all that.” Tony made a gesture somewhere between a bow and the sign of the cross. “I hereby grant you clemency.”
, at last – but without any fear or doubt, Tony crossed the three feet that separated him from Steve, and kissed him.
of parties – big, expensive, crowded – I just never got the hang of bullshitting my way through Christmas.”
“It wasn’t a priority, okay? I’d lived in Malibu for years. The New York headquarters of Stark Industries was a fun dream that literally
“And I am a being from beyond this world, who appears when you have most need, yes?” Thor was starting to look rather hurt at Tony’s lack of enthusiasm.
“But after that night at the bar—” Tony blurts out. There’s another abrupt silence on the other end of the phone. It’s abundantly clear that this was something Tony had never meant to discuss. Steve can picture the exact look on his face, could draw it from memory: frustration in the press of Tony’s lips together, anxiety in the crinkles of his eyes. Just the smallest of details, really, but clear enough to someone who’s learned to look for them.
? Is this an early morning light thing? Tony swears they haven’t looked like this before. After all, Tony kinda has a reputation for noticing stupidly gorgeous people when they’re standing right in front of him – there’s no way he would have
“Remember what I said when you joined SHIELD?” Tony interrupts Steve’s prolonged state of shock. “That you were--”
“Okay. In what way doesn’t it sound stupid?” Tony asks, like he genuinely wants to know. Steve forces his eyes open and his shoulders squared. He’s
They manage it eventually, with the exception of a fraught moment when Rogers zigs and Tony zags, and it bounces them both back into the middle of the bed. Tony kicks Rogers in the knee, which is a total accident, and Rogers elbows him in the stomach, which totally is not, but since the whole ordeal concludes with them both lying on the bed and still speaking to each other, Tony considers it a success.
In fact, at the precise moment that Tony Stark was dragging Bruce Banner out of Ravenclaw Tower, Steve was running an exasperated hand through his hair and reminding a pair of sixth-years – who had been inhabiting a shadowy corner with
“That is…not the theory that Twitter has run with.” Pepper is visibly shaken. Her eyes continually return to Rogers’ image on her own screen like she thinks if she glances away, maybe he’ll have disappeared by the time she looks back.
“Yeah? Well, stick with me, kid,” Tony murmurs back. At that, Steve’s forehead smooths out and his eyes go soft. He gives Tony a heart-stopping smile.
“You’re not gonna be terrible about this, right?” Steve asks, trying to get a good look at Tony’s face. It’s difficult because he’s still tucked into Tony’s side, so all he can really see of Tony’s face is his chin, and as Steve is coming to realize, a chin is just not an effective signal of someone’s levels of homophobic panic.
rest one hand defensively on the body of the coffee maker. “In your day, did people make coffee in the bathtub like Prohibition gin? And you had to carry the bathtub uphill both ways? No doubt this is just the last in a long line of capitalist extravagances I’ve forced on you, a man of the people?”
McGonagall shooed them all off to bed, and Steve didn’t try to catch Tony’s attention as they left. He felt too awkward about talking to Tony under the headmistress’ watchful eye. He reckoned they could at least walk together, until they reached the split in the corridor that led off to Gryffindor and Ravenclaw Towers, respectively. Steve opened his mouth to suggest it, but Tony had already disappeared.
of what Steve’s just confessed, but before he can, Steve says in a breezy, horrible tone: “But that’s fine—“
Rogers seems to agree, because it’s with a distinct air of stoic resignation that he asks, “Used for what?”
,” Tony says quietly, helplessly, and squeezes his hand again. Steve chuckles wetly and scrubs his other hand over his eyes.
“Did Pepper tell you the story yet?” Sam interjects, and Steve shoots him a look of deep betrayal. Sam just grins back.
“Really,” he insisted. “The theory behind the transfiguration is grounded in the same theory as Polyjuice; it’s just the form of magic that’s changed. So if it’s worked at all, and neither of us are in excruciating pain from a missing organ or something—”
The cape (or the cloak, whatever) interjected with little rustlings and nudges, all of which Strange seemed to find totally comprehensible.
“Alright, Stark?” Tony had been forced to throw out casually, as though that brilliant conversational salvo had been his reason for approaching Ravenclaw table all along. If any student in the Great Hall
“Classic Hufflepuff, actually,” Rogers grumbles, clearly giving up on all pretenses. “And you can’t find Strange yourself? You can’t do your…“ Rogers makes a hand gesture that could mean anything from “impressively complex feat of programming” to “inappropriate violation of civil liberties,” although Tony assumes that with Rogers, it’s more likely to be the latter.
Tony and Rogers hadn’t always disliked each other. In fact, when Rogers had first appeared without a word after Christmas of their fourth year, with an American accent and an air of tragic mystery about him that had driven every other Hogwarts student wild with a combination of curiosity and lust, Tony had been deep into his ill-fated duplication experiment and had barely noticed he’d arrived at all.
, Steve thinks, almost fondly. But Tony’s eager smile flickers, and he’s uncharacteristically awkward when he says: “Um, I mean, unless you’re committed to the full sea-to-shining-sea experience?”
Now, as they wandered through the dark and silent corridors of the sleeping castle, sipping their chocolate, Tony learned that Steve could be quite talkative if given a chance. Tony had asked Steve about his plans for Christmas, and he’d launched into an animated story about his Muggle neighbor and best friend Bucky, with whom he usually spent vacations. Bucky was apparently convinced that Hogwarts was some oppressive institution straight out of a Victorian novel, after Steve had explained that students couldn’t use cell phones or access email during the term. Steve also told stories about his mother – haltingly at first, and then more eagerly – stories about the Christmas decorations that used to fill their small Brooklyn flat to bursting, and how his mother would charm the Nativity figures to each sing different Christmas carols in wildly different keys, while she stood in front of the manger directing the ensuing cacophony with her wand.
“Well, you don’t know me that well,” Rogers retorts evenly, but Tony doesn’t miss the hint of tension in his expression.
“Um, no?” Tony had replied. “I know I was a little distracted at the time, but I do think if the WSC had literally
“It’s just…how can you, of all people, be advising me to work for SHIELD?” Steve rests the phone against his shoulder and grabs for his drawing pad a little absently. He always finds it easier to pay attention to phone calls when his hands are occupied.
Nothing about this is remotely the same as being tied down in a cave, or being trapped inside your own body as it falls apart, but even so, Tony can’t get free, he’s –
“Tony,” Rogers says, with that stubborn clench to his jaw that tells Tony he’s not going to back down on this one. And
But to his shock, Steve exits the limo gracefully, leading Tony out by the hand and managing to make it look chivalrous rather than magically-induced. He doesn’t squint or panic in the face of all the cameras pointed his way. Instead, he gives them a wide, Captain America smile before ducking his head toward Tony’s in a move designed to look intimate from a distance.
Natasha and Clint were now sitting in the large armchair that they tended to share, passing spiked hot chocolate back and forth (how they’d managed to both make hot chocolate and also find the right bottle of alcohol in the dark was a mystery better left unsolved). Bruce was cross-legged on the floor, inspecting one of his gifts as though he could divine its contents; Thor was sprawled along the sofa, adorning Mjölnir with mistletoe (which seems to just be
“Kinda seemed like you didn’t want me to stick around,” Steve finally manages to say, slowly, physically unable to talk more directly about Siberia than that.
And once Professor Sinistra had been stunned into silence by this oratorical bombardment, Tony had grabbed Steve by the hand and walked serenely in the complete opposite direction of Ravenclaw Tower.
after much prodding, which raises about a thousand questions that Tony categorically refuses to ask), they haven’t gotten any closer to breaking the spell.
“Look, can you come back in a minute?” He tries to keep his voice sounding even and trustworthy, rather than deeply annoyed. “I’m not gonna dine and ditch, honest.”
paid attention in lessons. He never voluntarily spoke in class, but if a professor asked him a direct question, he always gave the correct answer in a quiet, even tone.
Who knew what havoc the younger students could be wreaking at night in the pumpkin patch? Or on the Quidditch pitch. Or any number of places where he’d be able to feel the cold sting of winter air on his face. Steve was only being thorough!
Tony watches their hands expectantly for a beat, but when he tries to pull them apart, they remain resolutely clasped together.
responsible for the way you chose to fulfill the parameters of the—and for the record? It’s an extremely complex negotiation of magical
Rogers continues: “Does SHIELD have any records on the whereabouts of a Doctor Stephen Strange? Possibly located in or around New York?”
idea of what to expect, but the last thing he remembers clearly is Happy with a car. Unwilling to leave their next conversation until an Avengers emergency -- because Tony really
“I’ve been monitoring your spell from afar. I could sense that it had lifted,” Strange says briskly.
we had going on: Steve Rogers charges into trouble, and Tony Stark gets him out of it. But Steve, the things I’ve done – the things
“No, I’d be more worried if he’d been making sense,” Bruce said in a shaky attempt at his usual wry tone.
Tony glances over at him in shock, certain for a moment that he’d said what he was thinking out loud without noticing – it happens more often that he’d like – but then he remembers what they’d been talking about.
There’s a brief pause on the other end of the line, and then Tony says, “Always, Cap,” in such a familiar, fond tone that Steve wonders if he hasn’t been imagining the strain between them after all.
a genius. So it only takes him a few seconds to infer that Rogers has made some sort of promise to check in with Wilson if he’s likely to be hurt on a solo mission. Furthermore, Rogers has broken that promise with impunity. And in conclusion, he asks for Tony’s help rather than SHIELD’s whenever he doesn’t want Wilson to catch him doing it. QED.
As he takes further stock of his body’s orientation in time and space, he realizes that not only is his face smushed against Steve’s shirtless chest, but that, in fact, his whole body is draped (quite artfully for an unconscious person) across Steve’s, while Steve’s free hand is tangled in the curls at the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony has no memory of how either of them got this way.
“Is there…” Steve started before his voice could betray him. “Is there something I can do to help him? With his company?”
“Do…” Steve licked his lips and sighed. It wasn’t what he’d meant to ask. “Do you think… it’ll be different now?”
“You’ve always been too human,” the soldier mocked him. He dropped to his knees and grabbed Bucky’s shoulders, adding, as he whirled him around, “Still trying to find your place in the world,
Looking to the chamber’s glass front, Tony spotted Steve kneeling on the floor, his head hanging down, his arms limp. Shit, he must’ve been pulled into another vision. There was guilt in the back of Tony’s mind, but it was pushed to the background by a fierce throbbing inside his head, and Tony could barely reach for the table in front of him, before the room around him vanished.
Bucky, obviously not at all impressed with their new bystanders, grabbed for the data chip and rushed past him. Steve barely managed to get Bucky’s human arm into a stranglehold, shaking him back and forth. “Drop it,” he told him, panting, hurting in more ways than one. He yelled again, “Drop it!”
He was standing right behind Tony by now and the second Steve put a hand on his shoulder, Tony whirled around, staring him down with red-glowing eyes.
As if on instinct, he took half a step back when Steve stood up, but with two wide strides, Steve was right in front of him.
“Wonder they’re still alive,” he heard Clint murmur somewhere in the back of the room. It clearly hadn’t been meant for everyone’s ears, but Steve had heard him loud and clear. He fought off the need to defend themselves—to tell everyone that they hadn’t in fact fought at all. Not…
Tony grinned at the awed noise she made then, and cleared his throat. “Everyone, meet Ian James Stark-Rogers.”
“I’ll be careful,” Tony promised. While he knew there was nothing he could truly do to quench Steve’s fear, he could at least try to comfort him.
And it wasn’t just one thing that bothered Steve. It was the sum-up of a thousand things. He had lost count of the number of times he had arranged a meeting with Fury to discuss SHIELD’s information policy with the Avengers only to feel very tired and decidedly not wiser afterwards.
, he had understood that there was a deep well behind those eyes—a well of warmth, of generosity, of empathy, of true greatness.
Ms. Potts had that way of making Steve feel like everything would be okay. She had seen him often enough at Tony's lab that even if they hadn't told her, should've guessed. Tony trusted her, so Steve saw no reason not to do the same. He spared her a slight smile and a shrug.
Tony couldn’t help the large, beaming smile that took control of his face. This was just… kind of crazy. And also likely the best thing that had ever happened to him.
Tony’s eyes found a spot on the wall and focused. There was nothing about this that made any sense. His life was getting wonkier by the minute, and it was entirely Steve’s fault. “What did he write?” he asked.
“He’s stubborn. And he…” Barnes fell silent for a long beat, obviously wrestling with himself. “I know he’ll hate me for telling you, but… he likes you. When we arrived in Wakanda, he was… I’ve never seen him like that. Looked a lot like heartbreak to me.”
Steve smiled ruefully and pulled Tony close to press a lingering kiss against his lips. “Got that right.” His gaze once again fell upon Barnes. “This feels terrible.”
anything to say. His mind was racing with both hope and fear. Any second now, Tony would take back those words, Steve was sure of it.
“What Tony wants to say,” Bucky said, ignoring the eye-roll Tony cast him at that. “is that we got good news and bad. Which would you like to hear first?”
The hangar seemed eerily quiet as Steve and Tony padded down the gangway. The others were already sitting in the Quinjet, sans only Sam—and Natasha, who was anxiously walking up and down next to the rear hedge, phone in hand.
Steve had about a second to think that going to the maldives for a date would be an overkill to end all overkills. But the thought soon escaped him, as he realized someone was suddenly standing next to them, reminding him that he and Tony were both buck naked.
He wanted nothing more than to go upstairs and curl himself up in Steve’s embrace, but there were things to do, and they couldn’t wait. Better to get it done with now. Maria expected his confirmation that Barnes was on board with the whole thing like yesterday. While he walked, Tony logged into the inbox of his cell phone via Extremis and groaned when it flashed ‘You have six messages’ at him. No doubt every last one was from some congressman. Giving in to the unavoidable, Tony hit play, closed his eyes and listened while several people ranted at him.
Steve took a low breath. “Natasha told me that Pepper wanted me to know you’re back here, and I came because I had to… because you were hurt. I needed to see if you need medical treatment.”
“They have every right to ask the hard questions, though,” Tony said. “Lot of people died that day.”
On their way to Nashville, they spent a few hours in the American Museum of Science and Energy. Tony had been there before twice, but he’d promised Rhodey to make a quick stop either way. The exhibits weren’t news to either of them, but the others seemed to have fun, so Tony counted it as a win.
“Yeah,” he retorted coldly, staring at the ground. “Take it from me, things don’t always go as planned. In fact, if you take a look at a random chapter out of my non-written memoirs, things usually end up going to shit.”
“I’m sure,” he declared, then closed his eyes and inhaled Tony’s scent. After another moment, Tony’s hands moved down his chest, unbuttoning his trousers, and it was so much like a fantasy that, for a moment, Steve was certain it must be one.
“I know. It was stupid.” Steve looked up and Tony tried not to look too distraught at the sight of the black eye Steve was currently sporting. It was already healing, as far as Tony could tell, so it was probably wise not to have a freak-out right now. “Can you please check on him?" Steve asked. “I’m… he won’t let me in and JARVIS says he’s back to normal…”
Next to her, Clint struggled to his feet and reloaded his crossbow, even as another robot aimed a kick at her stomach. But whatever had floored her passed, and she grabbed the bot’s foot and gave it a vicious twist, pulling him to the floor and straddling his waist, red blasts of magic aimed at the chest plate, before ripping it apart.
“I knew you weren’t there anymore, that you were just a shell, and I still I didn’t do anything. I would’ve let you destroy the whole world. What does that make me?”
Closing his eyes, Steve’s mind recalled the many times Tony had insisted on his story to be true. And Steve had never believed him.
As that information sunk in, Steve tried sitting up on the floor. This dimension-travelling-business really wasn’t something he looked forward to doing again. Ever. His head was spinning, he felt slightly nauseous, and he had a hard time really grasping what had happened.
Fury’s expression remained impassive, though Steve saw Romanoff and Barton trade a meaningful glance in the background. “And you have new information about the case?”
Natasha brushed a gentle hand across his forehead. “That someone else will always be there. Trying to ignore it only makes the paranoia worse.”
Tony frowned, as if he had completely forgotten about their argument on the balcony. Then, when the memory seemed to come back to him, he shook his head. “Oh, Steve… You did nothing wrong,” he murmured. “I just… I lost my head. It wasn’t your fault. It’s me who should be apologizing.”
Someone knocked on the door. They both looked up as Rhodey stepped inside, carting a wheelchair in front of him that had Tony heave an annoyed breath. “Ready to go, everyone?”
Steve took a low breath and stared over to the red alien body lying inside the cradle. He didn’t know what to make of it. The only thing he knew was that he’d promised Tony to bring it home, and that was exactly what he was going to do.
“So good,” Steve said with closed eyes, moaning softly as Tony continued to drag his cock in and out of him. After a moment, he started to push back, as always picking up the rhythm with ease. “Come on.”
“That look. Stop with the look. I know that look, so stop what you’re thinking. Do you really think I would’ve invited you in if I didn’t think we could make this work?”
“That looks painful,” he observed, grinning as Steve all but shuddered when Tony’s thumb rubbed his cock’s sensitive head. He wrapped his hand around him fully, while stepping closer. He met Steve’s eyes heatedly, holding his gaze as he leaned up to kiss him almost chastely. “Want you to fuck me, Cap. Just like that. And I want you to make me feel it. Think you can do that?”
Steve tightened his hold on Tony's hand. He then turned his head a little so he could peck his cheek. "He really was, we all knew that," he said, letting his fingers run soothingly along Tony's forearm.
It was a strange sensation, being so happy with someone who had all but ripped him in two, someone he had fought just months before.
“Gotta wash this off real quick,” Tony said, staring down at his briefs as if they’d personally offended him. “That powder’s driving me crazy.”
“It’s temporary,” Steve said, and felt himself tearing up as he buried his face in Bucky’s shoulder. He suddenly felt suffocated and the air around him grew thick. “I have to believe it’s temporary.”
“It’s weird… to have two sets of memories,” he whispered, as he pressed small kisses on Tony’s shoulder. With one hand, he drew artless patterns into Tony’s left hand, softly circling the burn mark he found there. “Do you think one of them will fade after a while?”
“Just let me…” he said, pressing his fingers against both of the suit’s sides and triggering the manual opening mechanism. It didn’t go as smoothly as it usually did, so there might be some dents after all, but after a few moments, he was moving out of the suit.
Steve let his head fall back, staring at the ceiling. It really was hard to imagine that Tony—not just Tony from 2022, but
Tony sighed, covering the granted space between them and slowly sat down on the bed next to Steve. He draped an arm around his waist, shivered off his warmth, and willed himself as close as he could get.
Steve smiled, started the car and backed out of the driveway. There were a few minutes of comfortable silence as he directed them through the streets. The huge trees cast their shadows across the driveway, while early blue and yellow wildflowers had begun to spring up along the way. Steve leaned back in his seat and paused in the midst of the flurry that was their everyday-life to simply appreciate the moment. They were going on a
, did you know that? She drowned in the ocean at Stark Mansion. Her body was found weeks later, washed along the shore miles from where her boat reportedly sunk. And your poor, devastated
“What,” Tony replied with a laugh. “Is that a rhetorical question? Don’t tell me you have been hanging around Steve all this time and you don’t know how stubborn he is?”
Even the small part of him that still had trouble with the concept of liking a guy like that, had to admit that it was different because it was Tony. Liking Tony wasn’t a difficult concept at all—just, combine that with this whole supernova of realization that had imploded over his reality, and Steve was Freaking. The. Hell. Out.
In front of him, Ultron was suddenly slumping forward. His eyes flickered and went black, his body falling down on the floor in front of him. It died. He didn’t need it anymore.
And with that, the next hour was a blur of easy conversation and Bucky let himself dive into this feeling of normalcy. It all felt surreal, all of them being together once more, and there was still a bit of a tension beneath the chatter and smiles, but he had a feeling that would fade soon enough. Vision and Wanda were talking quietly next to the stove, Bruce and Pietro animatedly discussed traditional apple pie recipes while Scott was busy nibbling at apple slices. Steve and Tony were standing so close to each other it was a wonder they were getting anything done and Sam and Rhodes were in the living room, playing hide and seek with Ian.
“Well, before you showed up, I was debating between Whiskey and Bourbon next.” He paused for emphasis. “Bourbon was winning.”
There was a flicker of confusion on Barnes’ face, before it was replaced with his standard unimpressed-slash-blank expression. “There was a point to your rambling?”
“Trying not to,” Tony answered and grabbed for his jacket. Before walking out of the room, he gave his newly shaven goatee a last look over. It was still a tiny bit too patchy, all in all, but it did make him look older.
“Steve…” Tony reached behind his neck, wrapping his hands around his wrists, even as his mouth couldn’t help but steal sweetly soft kisses from him. He pulled his hands off, so he could look at him. “Steve, what happened? You can tell me everything.”
“I told you I would,” Steve said, and while his expression didn’t give away much, he still managed to look a bit sad.
Together, they made their way through the various corridors. Outside of the ceiling-high windows, the afternoon was getting darker and darker, the sky over the jungle taking on that greenly-grey color of boiled beans. Inside, the fluorescent lights asserted themselves to give him the beginning of a headache. The whole complex of T’Challa’s palace smelled sort of like… wet grass. As if the wild nature outside hadn’t yet accepted the modern building in its middle. As if it was slowly trying to wind its way into the stone, breaking it from within.
Steve swallowed, though he tried not to show his unease. “I don’t see how that would be of help. I only got a first name.”
“Whoa, buddy,” Rhodey said next to him, and there were hands on his shoulders that pushed him upright again,
“If we don’t kill them, they’ll kill us,” Tony snapped, and without waiting for a second, he raced forward to meet his next attacker.
Tony tried not to think about it too much. There could be numerous reasons why Steve hadn’t called, and yet…
Tony hummed thoughtfully as he turned towards Steve, putting his hands on Steve’s waist. “This beats the shady club from back then,” he mused. “Though I still remember fondly how you went all jealous caveman-Steve on me.”
A sigh. Tony sat up a little straighter, as if bracing himself for a blow. “She sat in the dark when I got there,” he said. “I told her it was over. I didn’t care about our deal, but she wasn’t going to let go.” He sighed, and his whole body shook. “Instead, she got up, started to walk toward me. ‘When I have a child,’ she said, ‘neither you nor anyone else could ever prove it wasn’t yours.’ Then she started to laugh. ‘I’d be the perfect mother, just as I’ve been the perfect wife. And it ought to give you the thrill of your life, Tony,’ she said. ‘to watch my son grow bigger day by day… and to know that when you die, Stark Mansion will be his.’”
A slow, wicked smile spread across Pepper’s face. “Aw, you’re right. I know this is all so very hard for you: Living with a bunch of superheroes who miraculously happen to put up with your bullshit every day. Having a husband who loves you, only seeing him on the weekends…”
Steve swiped his thumb over the screen, his expression unreadable. “Who commissioned this?” There was more than just mild worry in Steve’s tone.
It was unfair. The more Tony tried to battle himself about this thing between them, the more pliant his will seemed to become.
Tony’s brow furrowed. “Well,” he said. “Yeah? I don’t remember much of last night, but I’m pretty sure I didn’t score a sexy hunk like you. So it’s obviously my dream.”
Steve shrugged, smiling at him. He trailed after Bucky, coming to a stop right next to him. It was a black and white photograph, and both he and Tony were smiling widely into the camera. “Sure have.”
This corner of the training floor was entirely dedicated to muscle workout. Steve used the gym implements often, and he figured the bench press would be good for their purpose. There was a large training matt on the floor, and the bench was just the right height to allow Tony to bend over it. They approached it quickly, stumbling a bit with how fast they were walking while simultaneously pressing against one another. His hands ran up Tony's arms to his shoulders, his fingers tracing along his pecs and downwards as Tony occupied himself with Steve's pants.
“So, you’re a bit of a brat,” Tony noted, smiling as he put the tablet down. He moved forward, and not caring what Steve thought about it, he hugged the damn pile of crap, laughing a bit with relief. “That’s fine,” he mumbled. “So am I.”
It was almost too easy. The twins and the one HYDRA agent were staring towards where the noise was coming from, and Tony could see as Steve raised his shield, probably wanting to knock the agent out with a smooth blow—when, suddenly, Wanda cast a blast of magic at the agent herself.
With that, he closed the space between them, and pushed himself against Steve. With his whole body. Apparently, Tony had absolutely no qualms about grinding his middle against Steve’s crotch. It seemed he made sure that Steve felt every inch of his body against him.
Steve stood up from the driver seat and clapped his hands. “Alright,” he said, and because he really was a complete and utter dork who did grandfather-jokes, he added, “Let’s catch a ghost!”
“I am,” Steve answered without a beat, as though he’d just been waiting for Tony to ask. “You and me… we can be a good thing. No matter what happened before, we can make it better. I’m sure we can.”
Steve was still smiling that bright, fond smile, and following an impulse, Tony moved for him, wrapping both arms firmly around his shoulders.
There was a moment of surprised silence. “Wasn’t very subtle, was I?” Steve huffed—not quite a laugh, but close to it. “Please don’t be mad at her, we barely speak. I just… asked how you were doing. Needed to know how you were faring after…”
Thus, they ghosted around the side of the building and found the fire escape. Sam and Thor stayed outside while Natasha and Clint slid up the stairs and broke open the door on the second floor as quietly as they could, then slipped inside. Tony could hear voices coming from the main floor, and the mutter and rustle of the crowd in front of the loading doors. His sensors located the twins in a central room, three or four lackeys with them. There were three accesses to that room if one counted the main one. He and Steve dropped down to the main floor and glided to the one at the back, directly opposite the loading area. Then they waited.
“Damn it,” Tony groaned, grinding into Steve a few last times as his own release rippled through him. His body jerked in an all-over shudder. It seemed to go on and on, until Tony finally collapsed on top of Steve, the last of his seed wetly pushed into him.
Rhodey’s face broke out into a wide happy smile and he pulled Tony into one of his giant bear-hugs that were secretly Tony’s favorite thing in the world.
Bruce extended the offered mug and sat down at the workstation next to Tony. He glanced down at the cell samples Tony had taken from the alien plant’s bulb, then reached for JARVIS’ examination protocol, sighing when he realized that there were no new results.
Tony shuffled uncomfortably, the weight that was suddenly planted on his shoulders bearing down on him. “You’re putting a lot on faith, here.”
, that was forever ago. Wasn’t even really true back then, not for a while. And it wouldn’t matter to me if you sucked at this, I mean… That’s the beauty of it, right?” He leaned back a bit, casting Steve a downright sinful grin. “We can try again… and again… and again…” The words were accompanied by more kisses, which had Steve’s knees going a bit weak. “This is supposed to be fun, not something you have to excel in.”
There were the sounds of steps and Steve tried grabbing for his shield and only relaxed when he saw Sam landing next to him. He clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, handing him a duffel bag.
Bucky didn’t want to face him, but he couldn’t deny Tony this. So he turned around as well, staring at him.
real enough, but Steve had personally trained each and every one of them and they were obviously not going all out the way they could.
The two seemed friendly enough, and the girl—Daisy—seemed to be clever, though it was clear that the topic was a very personal one to her. She gave Phil a long look when he’d asked them to wait outside for this.
Tony’s pumped him a few times, matching the rhythm of Steve’s hand between his legs. Steve groaned, resting his head against his shoulder.
In a blink, it had been destroyed. The home he’d built for them. Gone. Just like those days. All of them gone.
“That’s it,” Tony whispered again when they started moving together. The wet suctioning sound that filled the air between them should have made his nose wrinkle in distaste, but it only made the heat in his skin burn hotter. “Go as slow as you need.”
When Steve’s words finally registered with his hormone addled brain, Tony groaned and grabbed for the pillow, pulling it right over his face. “That
“There’s lube,” he said on a second thought, pushing a shaking hand in the back of his pants and raising the small package in Steve’s general direction.
Tony sighed. Well, shit. No wonder Steve was shaking. In hindsight, he should probably have seen something like this coming.
Tony smiled helplessly, throwing both hands into the air. “That is like asking a political system to keep itself from becoming corrupt. There’s a reason why every federate nation has a countercheck-system.”
Tony. Really wanted him. How had he not noticed that before? It—it actually explained a lot, in Steve’s book, and yet, he hadn’t expected this.
people, Steve, seven, if you count Wilson, and we’re not even sure he’s in it for the long run. Even if we step up and do more regular missions, we’ll never be able to cover what SHIELD did. This could get out of hand faster than you think.”
The look in her eyes gave him pause. There was so much conviction. A firm belief that, when it came to honesty, they’d never be on the same page. And he had to force himself to ignore the voice that commanded him to pull her in a hug, because her words haunted him with truth.
Whatever Steve was expecting to see when he walked into the Avengers’ living room quarters a few days later, it certainly hadn’t been this. Clint and Sam stood at his side, and they all came to a stop at the same time, staring at the scene in front of them.
For a second, there was a green shimmer in Clint’s eyes, but it vanished in the next. “That’s it?” Clint asked, putting the now-empty vial back into the chest. “Sort of anticlimactic.”
Steve didn’t miss the longing in Bucky’s eyes as he paused to look at Natasha. Her eyes flickered to the team for a brief moment, before she leaned in to kiss Bucky.
“Steve never should’ve known about me!” Barnes snapped, and Tony saw the metal hand flexing at his side again. “It would’ve been better if I just—”
“Babe, you lost your best friend. Most people would have dropped everything then and there… You only had a moment of doubt. And then you soldiered on. That’s what’s important.”
The next day, Barnes sat cross-legged on his bed, his eyes trained on the title page of the contract now lying next to his bare feet. He looked considerably better. He also looked remarkably unimpressed.
Which meant they had already found whatever they’d been looking for. “Just tell me,” he begged them. “I just want to know what we’re dealing with. Tony’s gonna tell me anyway.”
“Yeah,” he said, then heaved a great breath. “Fury will brief us on the details, but… whoever attacked the base, they got Clint.”
Tony's posture was hunched, and he seemed absorbed in whatever it was he was doing. Steve considered the sight of him in a tank top. The guy was attractive, he thought, then shook his head firmly at himself. He
No conversation with Tony could be deemed as normal, but that was something Steve should probably keep to himself. “Yeah, like we were just having one.”
Natasha and Sam were already sitting in his room when Steve stepped out of his bathroom after taking a shower. He’d sort of expected their visit, he just wished they’d given him a bit more time to get settled in first.
Pepper sighed softly, squeezing his hand in return. “It’s only temporary. He’ll be back home soon enough.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony said with a hint of irritation. The look that flashed in her green eyes at that made him think she’d stab him with her fork any second. “I
There was no physical effect he could feel yet, but that didn't mean they should take that chance. "Retreat!"
That haunted tone Steve hated so much had crept into his voice without warning. The implication made Steve’s bones sting.
“Tower’s my bachelor pad for all the awesome secret superhero-action,” Clint explained. “Never wondered where I went for all those weeks in-between?”
At some point last day, they had neared the border towards Germany. Vaguely, Steve remembered that Tony had stationed a Quinjet there, in some smaller airport near Leipzig. In a few hours, they’d make it there, and then they’d fly to Siberia. At least, that was the plan.
Sitting down, Steve watched with wide eyes as Tony slowly undressed himself. He could barely see him in the dimness of the room, but just the thought—just the thought of his nakedness was enough, and he felt his erection slowly returning.
“Delete all,” Tony ordered into his phone’s speakers. At Natasha’s questioning brow, he shrugged. “Wouldn’t want this in the wrong hands, would we?”
He was met with six bemused smiles. Bruce shrugged, saying, “Well, that’s really not going to be a problem.”
Steve nodded his head the first statement, and waited for Tony to do something, or say something. It felt a little like a stalemate, a waiting game, but luckily it was Tony who broke it. Steve went to the couch and sat down, relieved to not be directly questioned about his own visions, yet.
Tony smiled, couldn’t help himself. He stared at the city and felt a lump forming in his throat. “Thanks, Junior.”
It didn’t take much longer for Tony to finish his work on Rhodey’s suit. He quickly explained the new upgrades, then watched as Rhodey did a quick test flight outside.
SR 3:41 A.M.>We said we'd see where this goes. I meant that. For me that means we don't see anyone else…
be doing that, and that now was most definitely not the right time to talk to him, but he was already here and the sentence was hanging unfinished. He hurried to complete it, though it came out as a weak afterthought. "—you."
“If I had to guess: they just don’t want to lose face; having to admit they have to rely on a potentially unstable group of super humans. But they can’t just say so, and instead bring up personal shit from my past as if that has anything to do with the Initiative.”
Things were going to change drastically, and there was no way to tell where they were heading. With all of this leaked information, accessible to anyone, anywhere—reports and data that weren’t set into perspective correctly—some people would inevitably turn against them. The first reaction towards things that couldn’t be explained had always been—
Steve grinned in spite of himself. Couldn’t help it, really. “I… I turned down the scholarship, about two months ago. I’m going to MassArts.”
Steve kept drawing and after a beat of quiet, he said: “My ma had a theory. About art. She used to say that if I found the one perfect thing, I should stick to it. It’s… I never truly understood what she meant by that, not until she was gone. Whenever I draw that building, I remember how I felt when I sat in my room, I remember ma and my friend and… I’m home.”
Steve shrugged, unmoved. He wound an arm around Tony’s torso and pulled him nearer still. “Would’ve told him soon, anyway. He’ll come around.”
At that, Clint turned around from his spot in the driver’s seat and gave them an exaggerated pointed bow. “That’d be me,” he said with a grin.
Tony knew all this, it only mattered that there might’ve been a way to save Bucky. “I could’ve saved him!”
Steve heaved a great sigh, walking up the stairs. And if he pressed a hand over his heart, trying to hold himself together while he very much wanted to just fall apart… well…
You couldn’t have known that we’d all make it out of there. You risked having every single one of us killed. By our own hands. You accepted the worst case.”
But first he needed to see Tony. He needed to memorize every contour of his handsome face, so he would have something to take with him and remember.
When Steve stiffened in implication, a sigh of concession rumbled through Tony’s lips. “Sweetheart, it wasn’t your fault. You did everything you could. Absolutely, positively, one-hundred-percent everything you could. Far more than you should have, and certainly more than he deserved. My point is, this is the first time that your mission of ‘Saving Bucky Barnes’ only requires you to do nothing but wait. Of course that makes you uncomfortable. You just have to trust me and Bruce to get the job done.”
to be an illusion, speaking to a man who clearly couldn’t be real—Steve refused to be talked to this way. “Then you should learn to live with disappointment. And don’t call me ‘darling’, I’m not… like that.”
Slowly, Steve moved to alleviate the pressure from his own calves, and only looked back up to Tony when he felt him reach for his hand.
"Déjà vu," Tony exclaimed in mock-outrage, pointing a finger to the middle of Steve's uniform, right where the star was embroidered into the top layer. "Why am I always the naked one? You're the guy with the human-perfection situation going on—you should be the one stripping."
A moment later, his hand brushed Steve’s shoulder. “Steve?” he whispered again, squeezing him softly. When he failed to stir again, Tony sighed and drew back. “All right. You’re asleep. Or maybe not. But there’s something… and I don’t know why I’m talking to Captain Dead To The World… but I am. There’s something I need to say.”
It took a moment for Steve to replay the last bit of the conversation, then he rolled his eyes. “I told you it’s not the same, You really don’t know when to let it go, do you?”
“Let me down, daddy!” she yelled, though she was really more laughing, her little body swaying from side to side as the two of them walked up the stairs.
“Some people just aren’t meant to be happy,” Tony whispered after a moment, wincing at how gloomy he sounded.
“Ohh, he couldn’t,” Tony said, grinning at them. “He very much tried to pull me out of the way, but I was faster this time. Only a few drops got past the armor, so it was definitely better that way. Steve would’ve scratched his skin raw.”
"Hey, kid, don't go falling asleep before you tell me where you live," he scolded gently. He definitely shouldn't be enjoying this as much as he was, nor be flattered that Tony apparently liked his sweaty smell.
Tony frowned, and after a long moment, his defensive posture loosened slightly. “You’re from a different dimension,” he said, exhaling a long-suffering breath as he straightened again. “Should’ve realized it sooner. You do look a little different.”
His expression must have grown skeptical, for Steve immediately glanced down, hands clasping in front of him. “Your voice sounds hoarse. And you reek of alcohol.”
It was already late in the afternoon when Steve came back home from today’s hunt. He didn’t know when exactly the meadow had become ‘home’ but he didn’t question it. When he didn’t find Tony there, he decided to walk towards the river.
"I love you too," Steve answered without hesitation. He held Tony close so he could kiss him again, one hand curved on the back of his neck and the other trailing down his belly to the edge of Tony's pants. "How're you doing down here?" Tony had been so good, it nearly blew Steve's mind away, but he would never leave Tony hanging if he could help it. He loved him, and wanted him to enjoy this just as much as he did.
Panting and resting his hands on his knees, Steve took a moment to collect himself; then he turned around to stare at Tony—first at him, then down at his stomach. He obviously tried not to let it show too much, but the horror in his eyes was unmistakable.
Bucky huffed and drew back, shoving his metal hand against Steve’s shoulder, pushing him back a little. “Jerk.”
Steve stumbled a bit as he was pressed against the wall next to the door, but he couldn’t care less now that Tony’s mouth was on his own again.
If the room hadn't been reinforced, they both would've likely died. All because Steve hadn't let him go in by himself. Alone, Tony had calculated a solid seventy percent chance that he could sweep in real quick, scan the whole basement, catch any person who was left behind, and fly out again before the building would’ve given way.
Lying down in his oddly comfortable bed, Steve closed his eyes. He recited his Captain America speech a few times before his fatigue took over.
There was the lightest touch on his back and Tony turned around. The next thing he knew, Natasha was in his arms and something Russian and almost sweet-sounding left her lips. Tony pressed a soft kiss against her cheek.
Steve groaned, his hips still thrusting into Tony, desperate for as much of Tony as he could give. It didn’t take long, though, before his own orgasm took hold of him, and he had to remind himself very sternly not to crush Tony as he held on for dear life.
The ground beneath Tony’s feet vanished, and in a flurry he was crashing hard onto the asphalt. It took a few seconds before the stars dancing around his head faded, even longer until he realized Barnes was standing over him, his metal hand closed around Tony’s left gauntlet in a death grip.
Steve still couldn’t believe it was over, and he figured it was better to keep busy for now. If he stopped and allowed the events of the past three days to sink in, he was sure every last bit of rational thought would leave him. If he stopped, he would relive Tony’s agonized cry after he’d recited the Mayday switch over and over again, and that was something he couldn’t do if he didn’t want to break down in front of everyone.
Tony shook his head, trying to hold onto some measure of calmness, even as he felt the irritation within him rise. “You’re going to get yourself killed. Deliberately.”
There was something else; an unspoken fear lurking deep in his mind; one Steve didn’t want to breach but it was similarly something he felt they needed to discuss. And as Tony ushered him across the threshold leading to his penthouse—he felt his nerves dancing.
Tony looked… he looked wrecked. His hair was tousled, his skin stained with grease and who knows what else. The clothes he was wearing—the same ones as yesterday, which raised Steve's suspicion a little—were stained as well, and had pinhole burns across the front, exposing tiny bits of skin that Steve definitely did not want to see more of.
Rolling his eyes, Tony leaned forward, spitting the remaining toothpaste into the sink, rinsing his mouth with water. Only then, he glanced back up at Steve. “Since you love me and all, chances are pretty slim that you’ll leave me for someone younger, huh?”
Tony smiled, resting his forehead against Steve's. He kissed him, slow and languid, and while he pushed his tongue in, he pulled out of Steve in one smooth motion before shoving back in. And Christ, Steve's walls clenched and squeezed around him, strangling him so good that Tony was having a hard time concentrating on the kiss.
“Ba-ba,” came a joyful sound from the small room nearby. A pause, followed by a few gurgles, then: “Ba-ba-ba-ba.”
Tony nodded before he even knew what he was doing, his body shoving into overdrive. He was clenching his teeth and arching his back, and the deeper he pressed himself against Steve, the more Steve wanted to keep him there. He could feel Tony’s trembling muscles all over him, until Steve’s name tore off his lips in a single strangled groan as his hips started bucking madly.
Tony sighed heavily, wishing—not for the first time in those last days—for a nice glass of Scotch. He was so fucking done with all of this.
following Ultron’s breadcrumbs all the way to Wakanda, there hadn’t been much time to think things through.
Tony’s mind supplied helpfully, as he took in Steve’s form. He was… every bit as gorgeous as Tony had imagined he would be. This was how it had started, with Tony appreciating the way Steve’s always-a-little-too-tight shirts hugged his chest, or the way his arms flexed whenever he’d carried the new lab equipment around the room. It had been a physical attraction for a whole long while, but now that Tony finally got to see him in the nude, well...
“Yeah,” Tony replied, his voice still shaking, but he slowly got a hold of himself. Minutes passed by, and eventually, Tony managed to turn his head so he could focus on the light while slumping completely against Steve.
A long breath left Steve’s lungs. While Tony handled their departure, Steve had decided to talk to Mister Hammer himself. For better or worse.
“Usually my bed partners like that about me,” Tony said as he glanced at Steve. He bent down to reach for a tumbler that stood on the nightstand. Steve wasn’t sure if it had been there before, but then again, it was a dream. “Of course, there’s other things I can do with my mouth.”
It was like a punch to the chest. Steve stared at Tony, unmoving. The meaning of those words was completely impossible. He didn’t know what to say—if there
Last night had been distracious on so many levels. The man’s speech that was trending on every media channel, but mostly the fact that Fury had taken away his chance to break the news to Steve himself.
“Yes, that’s papa’s nose,” Steve confirmed with a proud smile. “Don’t kids usually walk before they talk?”
, Tony’s voice resounded in Steve’s earpiece, and the suits came to a halt right above Bucky’s form.
“Good thing I’m such a size queen, Rogers,” he said, breathless, and they weren’t even real words, just a few strangled gasps as he tried to get accustomed to the intrusion. He bucked against him somewhat when Steve was all the way in, and a raspy moan tore from his throat. “God, I love your dick,” he said, as he pulled off of Steve, getting a feel for their rhythm.
His eyes momentarily flickered past Tony, spotting the bedroom, then moved his arms lower and raised Tony upwards—not quite carrying him, but not far from it either.
It was clear this wasn't a comfortable pose for Tony, but Steve found his dedication all the more attractive for it. His breathing was erratic and he was leaning back on one hand, feeling so lightheaded by now that he couldn't really bother noticing anything other than that incredible, wet warmth that teased him and took him in slowly.
"Look at you... " Steve breathed, reaching over to run his fingers along Tony's arms and down his chest. He thumbed the faded scars, his eyes mesmerized by the intricate design of it, chaotic, but somehow still meaningful.
Stane nodded. “Ten years ago, Howard and his wife died in a tragic accident. They passed the company to Tony, though his confidant, Virginia Hogan, serves as a silent partner.”
“Getting there,” he said, squinting at his surroundings. A nightstand beside the bed held a lamp. He started to reach for it and groaned again.
Steve stared at Peggy’s photograph and tried to think of all the different expressions he’d once seen on her beautiful face. The determination, the fury, the gentleness, the devotion, the red-lipped smiles. He wanted to find consolation in that, but it wasn’t easy.
And now that he put his mind to it, Steve was a great kisser. The kind of ‘Oh shit, I’m hard as nails and weak in the knees’-kisser. The instant Steve’s lips touched Tony’s, he was
“Nope, it’s a mess. Why did I think this was a good idea? I’m going insane. I make Ross look like some Socrates-like philosopher. I—”
Together, they joined the others in front of the rear hatch. It was surreal how big their team had gotten during those last two years—and all of this was Steve’s doing. Sam, Barnes and apparently now the Maximoff kids. Whether or not they’d stay with them when all of this is over… Steve united people. He got them to stick together, no matter how dark things seemed to be.
“But then, I’m afraid you will have to share all of your artwork with me, too,” Tony added with a loveable cheeky grin, obviously eager to change the topic. “That’s only fair. And I mean all of them. Even the naked sketches you think I don’t know about.”
“Thirteen on one,” Steve said, his voice unimpressed as he assessed the men in front of him. “Odds are pretty even. I’ll take my chance. You’re under arrest, Strucker.”
So together, they all walked towards the giant stairway that Steve thought only led to the upper part of the mansion. But apparently, he just hadn’t realized that there was also a slimmer, less noticeable stairway leading to a lower floor.
Steve just… stared. It was startling to see those two versions of the man he loved standing right next to each other. They were so different and yet painfully similar. He walked around the piano, looking down at the teenager with large eyes.
. This was exactly what he hadn’t wanted to do. Make Tony feel guilty that he’d moved on, when, after sixteen years, he had every right to fall out of love.
“Charming,” Strange countered, deadpan. “I saved your sorry ass out there, remember? And I fixed your wounds up for you, too. You could show a little gratitude.”
His lungs constricted and he grasped at his own shirt, vision blurring with sudden tears as seizures took hold of his body. He felt he was bleeding from the inside, but death wouldn’t come. It had already been given to him, numerous times, but never peace, never rest, everything always started over and over again. A few seconds passed before he made the first fruitless attempt to sit up, a few more before the second, and he almost collapsed with the need to breathe.
“I can’t believe you faked a breakdown,” Tony said as he stared up at the bot. The claw—still holding Steve’s hand—slightly turned in Tony’s direction and, for the lack of a better word, cocked its head curiously.
“You’ve been busy,” Steve commented with a nod towards T’Challa and Peter. “Didn’t we say no more strays?”
But here… only four years later… it seemed he was practically swimming in a love that transcended time.
Steve, his shield now safely cradled in one hand, took a step forward, his expression grave. “You killed someone?”
“Come on,” Tony grunted, after he tore his lips away from Steve’s. “Do I really have to spell it out for you? Fuck me already.”
Tony's hand was running along his back. Steve was contemplating why his first instinct was to tell Tony to stop. It felt nice, a warmth that was tentative but not intrusive. He was surprised at Tony's bold suggestion, and was slightly amused at the quick backtracking. Did Tony even know what he was asking for when he kept trying to convince Steve this would be a good idea?
Tony stared at him for another long moment, then he glanced away, his jaw tightening. “You thought I loved her,” he said, his voice very small.
“Body heat,” was all Steve said as he pushed his pants down, leaving only his underwear. “Come on, get out of your overall.”
Bucky suspected something, though he never said anything to him. He probably thought he missed Peggy, and while that was the case, he knew now it wouldn’t develop into anything. And he thought that Peggy knew it, too.
In any case, there was no way to fix this, Tony realized that now. And it was time to take him down. There was the sound of air, and the next moment, Vision landed in the middle of the church. He stared at Tony with knowing eyes.
Books were obviously not Barnes’ forte, no matter how many Steve secretly deposited in his room; but the way he was surrounding himself with the new media was liberating. Two days ago, Bruce had brought him a tablet, and Barnes seemed to handle it with ease. He had probably learned all about new technologies in his training, but never had the freedom to simply explore on his own leisure.
“Never wake someone from a nightmare,” Tony mumbled to himself, even as he cautiously raised a hand to put it onto Steve’s shoulder. He
"You know you're head over heels for me," he said then, close to Tony's ear, before he pulled back to look him in the eye. There was genuine affection in that beautiful face, and Steve was so gone that he couldn't care how obvious he might be about it.
“I’m young and very impressionable. You can’t remind me of that and expect me to keep my hands to myself.” His hand that had been innocently settled on Steve’s abdomen slid down a little before he remembered himself and dug his fingers into the pajamas’ cloth instead. Shit, he was hard, and firmly pressed against Steve’s thigh.
big. He’d just returned from an overseas meeting with a new subsidiary company, coming home early and wanting nothing more than to go upstairs to Steve’s and his floor, and curl up in his boyfriend’s arms.
For now, though, for a few hours, Tony needed the comfort of sleep. The fight wasn’t over. They still had an enemy to face. But not now.
The excitement Tony felt rise within him almost uncontainable, now. He could fear his own heart beating against his chest. The sun was now almost eighty percent eclipsed. It was then that the dark cumulus clouds appeared from nowhere and veiled the sun.
“You feel so good,” Steve said. Tony nibbled a kiss off his lips, coaxing him to lean down until they were pressed against each other fully. There was no way Tony wasn’t splitting himself in half like this, with his ankles almost crossed over Steve’s shoulder blades, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to stop.
With that in mind, Tony took a deep breath and nodded. “All right. A quick hello won’t hurt, I guess. And I might as well take stock on everyone’s gear while I’m here. FRIDAY, deactivate blackout.”
“That is our way of being nice,” Phil replied, then chuckled, as if remembering something. “You have to admit it though: Who thought this would happen when Nick sent Steve to spy on Tony.”
There were steps behind him. Steve whirled around and only relaxed when Tony stepped around the corner and laconically greeted him with Loki’s scepter clutched in one hand. He was otherwise dressed in sweatshirt and jeans, only one of Iron Man’s gauntlet still wrapped around him.
“Thanks for coming with us,” Steve told Clint after a moment. He’d only asked him to get Wanda and Pietro out of the tower, never to join them, but Clint hadn’t hesitated for so much as a moment.
A weak smile drew across Steve’s lips. “Don’t make me a saint, Nat. I’ve done my fair share of wrong like everyone else, lying to people’s faces just to get what I wanted—and for entirely selfish reasons. You, on the other hand, lied to me because you thought it was right, and you left Bucky because you had no other choice. Trust me, you don’t need me to make you feel better.”
What good would it do to call Steve anyway? They had both made their standpoints very clear, and Steve had made his decision. The guy had lied to him, kept the one thing from him that Tony could not forgive, so what good would it do to talk now?
Steve belatedly realized what was going on. He would’ve given anything to watch Tony teasing himself open, but it was all happening too fast. So he just  kissed Tony fervently before pulling slightly back.
“Stay down, kid,” he ordered with a pointed glare, then followed the sounds of shots next to him. He stepped up to Bucky, who was alternately shooting at the bots and simply squishing them with his metal hand. Steve circled him, before he took stance at his six, deflecting the shots aimed at the both of them.
he thought, storing up every moment of this in his memory, not fully understanding why he wanted to remember this so badly.
It seemed Ian was always crying these days—and he couldn’t fix it. He changed him, and fed him, and rocked him in the chair. He was still screaming, his face red-streaked as he took shaky gulps of air.
Ian was sleeping on Steve’s chest, his tiny face squished, his fingers buried in Steve’s shirt. Steve had his hand on Ian’s back, caressing him with soft touches. He could look at his son for hours, feeling his steady heartbeat, ignoring the movie that ran on the television completely. Only when he heard steps nearing, he glanced up.
“You all right?” Tony asked her. She startled a little, something he’d never seen her do. She looked as nervous as he’d ever seen her.
“We have an appointment with the board, my boy,” Obi told him absently, sitting down and starting the car. “Don’t forget your seatbelt, don’t want our wonderboy to get hurt, do we?”
“I don’t need your help,” Tony said. However, that knowledge didn’t stop him from leaning into Steve’s touch. “Ow,” he hissed, when Steve ran his fingers gently over the wound, frowning.
When Barnes didn’t answer again, Tony heaved a long sigh and sat back a little to look the man straight in the eye. “You’ve hardly been out of medical for an hour,” Tony said softly, “Cut yourself some slack.”
“The valves to drain out the boat,” Agent Romanoff explained. “That’s what flooded the boat and sunk her. It never capsized at all. There were neatly drilled holes in the boat’s bottom. And the lower cabin where we found Mrs. Stark—it was locked. Can you tell me why she’d do all that? Knowing the boat would sink?”
young to be flirting like this with older men, that was for sure. His hair was a dark mess and Steve couldn't tell if it was intentional or not, and those brown eyes twinkled with mischief. Combining that with the unrefined flirting, Steve was confused beyond what he was comfortable with.
The smile on Steve’s face gentled. He drew Tony back into his embrace, and kissed his lips. “I really do.”
And Tony? He couldn’t do anything but watch him. He had to make sure Steve kept breathing. He had to make sure he wouldn’t dissolve into dust right in front of his eyes. That was all that mattered.
A flimsy smile took hold of Natasha’s lips. “You make it sound so easy. If you take action without the government’s approval, I don’t think they’ll let it slide.”
Minutes later, as they lay wrapped in each other’s arms, Steve thought back on everything that had happened, this wondrous turn his life had taken, and closed his eyes.
All the air escaped Steve’s lungs and he felt himself wavering, leaning back against the sofa in an attempt to ground himself, but soon enough the room disappeared, as well as Tony's face beside him.
A deep sigh, and that was answer enough. Steve shook his head anyway. “I think he knows I’m here, but… he ignores me.” He took a deep, shaky breath, staring down on the tabled. “Any more news on SHIELD?” he asked after a moment.
There was a moment of silence, and Steve had to bite back a grin when both Phil’s and Maria’s eyes kept getting drawn back to where Ian was happily gurgling in Tony’s arms. He sure was a sight to be seen.
Steve was inches away from him, his body one hundred percent stiff. It didn’t take long to prompt his gaze; so he turned and gauged Tony’s eyes. “Yeah. I… I figured it out just now.”
Steve raised a brow. He hadn’t even talked to the guy yet, hadn’t forwarded him any of the information he had on Tony.
Tony scoffed. It seemed he wanted to reach for something—a weapon, maybe—and only then realized that he didn’t have anything with him.
“After what you did to me back there, I was sure I was done for tonight,” Tony admitted, smiling. He pressed both hands against Steve’s chest, determinedly moving him backwards. “Must be your charming presence.”
“He can’t,” Tony said eventually, then glanced at Bucky. “Sorry. Convincing them to let you come to London was basically it.”
his neck. For a moment, Steve thought he might come again, and he almost cried out in protest when Tony removed his fingers, leaving him empty.
Steve said nothing because he knew his voice would break. He wished he had Tony’s way with words. But it felt like a good time for some of that action he was usually so big on.
His thumb settled over his hole and began caressing the little opening softly to counteract the growing fierceness of his thrusts. He pressed in, just the tiniest bit, and Tony went perfectly still in his arms.
In the middle of the workshop, Bruce took a deep breath and raised his voice. “I think we’re ready. Are we really going to do this?”
“It might not look like much to you, yet, but I promise it will blow your mind,” Tony said, not even trying to tone down his excitement. False modesty had never been his strongest suit.
And it would be true, wouldn't it? If they were really going to go for this thing that was building between them, they needed to have each other's backs and they needed to be able to talk things out if they wanted to make it work.
“Alright. Business,” Tony announced with a tight smile. “I’m sure you realize that there are a lot of people out to get their hands on you. And I need you to become part of our team so I can stop that from happening.”
Steve wrapped his arms around his upper body, knowing perfectly well that this was something that could not only destroy his own life, but Tony’s as well.
Every time they had sex was phenomenal, leaving him awed, but this—whatever had just happened—left him utterly speechless. It took a long moment just to bring the motion to a complete halt, as Steve felt aftershocks rocking Tony's body ever so often, his own body trembling in kind. His hand finally let go of Tony's dick, letting his fingers slide a little upwards, splaying his palm across Tony's belly as he hugged him close. What could he even say now that would do justice to what had just happened?
"Nice to meet you, Tony," he said, trying to school his voice into something casual. He was failing miserably, wasn't he? That's why he’d always avoided meeting new people.
This wasn't a position that gave him much control of the situation, but Steve had wrapped his arms around him, keeping him upright and close to his chest and somehow he didn't
Tony had sat up again, his head thrown back, lips open, his back in a beautiful, perfect arch. His hips were still moving, gliding so sensually over Steve’s middle as his right hand moved over their cocks.
“Come on, Tony, learn to live a little.” He put the camera in Tony’s hand and struck a pensive pose next to a poster of some weeping ghost bride.
“Back? I didn’t—” Tony replied, frowning for a moment. He was about to ask her what she was talking about, before he stopped himself. It was Natasha. What had he expected? Of course she knew he would want to be part of the team again. She’d probably known long before him.
today, isn’t it?” he whined, the words muffled as he spoke. There really was no way to tell how Obi would react to that particular news. As far as Tony knew, he didn’t even know that Tony was into guys. “Tell me again… why did we think it was a good idea to do this a day after my birthday?” .
He had genuinely no idea where Thor had gone, but the rest of the team was mingling around. Sam and Bucky were gathered around the couch area, Natasha was standing next to Bruce by one of the windows, a hand comfortably clasped on his shoulder, and talking to him in a low voice. Laura and Clint were standing in the kitchen, chopping vegetables for dinner. They looked completely in sync together, always touching and smiling and obviously being very relieved to have each other back. Ever so often, Clint would put a hand on Laura’s pregnant belly, and the look on his face was something Steve had never seen on him before. It hurt to look at them, in some way, reminding Steve very much of how things should be and how they decidedly weren’t.
The desperation mingled with relief in his voice made Tony’s insides quiver. Of course Steve would have thought he was dead.
When Tony didn’t say anything else, Steve cleared his throat. “So, you said something about surprises?”
“We will get it back,” Steve said. He thought of Ian, and of Tony, and he knew it was the only option. “I promise.”
Thank you all so much for your comments! They really mean so much to me. So happy you're excited about this. <3
,” Tony murmured. “In a few minutes you’ll remember all the reasons why you decided a life in the middle of a goddamn jungle was better than actually talking things through with me. Why on earth can you believe that won’t have an impact on our relationship?”
