The alpha grabbed the firework and handed it to Cas. Dean took out his lighter, standing behind Cas. The pregnant omega held out the Roman candle while Dean lit it. Dean pressed up behind Cas, holding the firecracker with his fiancé. Colorful lights popped out, shooting up into the sky. Cas smiled widely, watching the sky.
The young girl started in the kitchen, looking through the cabinets, finding no one. She moved on to her bedroom, searching the closet, under the bed, in the bathroom, ultimately coming up with nothing.
Naomi and Chuck sat across from Dean in the waiting room. Dean ran a hand down his face, sighing, his mind running a million miles an hour.
Meg and Balthazar made their way to the dance floor. Charlie stopped before Gilda could pull her away.
"If you want to go through with this, then I'll be more than happy to oblige, but if you're not ready yet, and want to wait, then that's completely fine too. I'm not going to pressure you into getting mated right now."
The three of them resided to the dining room where Cas set up for dinner. Dean and Cas sat on one side of the table, Benny sat on the other.
"I know," the beta sympathized, patting her friend's head. "Go get some rest. I'm staying here for a while to make sure I don't walk in on my roommate. I'll see you tomorrow."
The movie started and they stopped talking. About half way through the movie, Dean put his arm around Cas. The young Novak was shocked. He couldn't even concentrate on the movie.
Cas' eyebrows furrowed. There was a text from an unknown number. He deleted it, not even reading what it said. He didn't want anything to ruin his day. Besides, everyone he knew was already in his contacts.
Seeing his omega like this, broke Dean. He wished he could have stopped that asshole from laying a finger on Cas. Just the omega's scent alone was enough to break Dean's heart. The smell of fear mixed with anger and protectiveness.
When Cas walked over to Dean, he wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and rested his head on Dean's back. Dean was startled a bit, but smiled and turned around to see his omega, and give him a kiss.
"He said he's gonna be late. His parents are out of town so he has to do everything by himself, the big baby," Meg answered, rolling her eyes.
That was, until Cas came along. And not that he's blaming Cas or anything, he's amazingly happy with this beautiful young omega. It's just, he didn't think he would be having a family this early on.
"Hey, Dean," Tessa said from the other line. "Well, it seems like you might have some packing to do. It's official. You got the apartment."
That night, Cas sat on the couch in the living room, finishing his sketch for art class while Dean was outside on the patio, smoking and talking on the phone to Tessa about the apartment.
Cas grabbed Charlie's hand, smiling. Before he walked off, he grabbed Dean's hand, pulling him with the group to the dance floor.
There was a knock on the front door before it opened. Meg waltzed in wearing a dark green bridesmaids dress.
"My contacts were bugging me," Cas said, closing his textbook, turning his radio off. "If you don't mind me asking, where are your clothes?"
That night, Cas tucked Claire in bed with her pink stuffed bear. He turned the little lamp that projected stars on the ceiling. The six year old yawned and squeezed her bear tight.
That night, Dean walked down to the kitchen to get a glass of water when he heard a knocking on the front door.
Cas looked at his fiancé, confused. "What do you mean you don't know if you want to? It's a bachelor's party. It's your last 'horrah' as a bachelor. You're supposed to have fun."
The same guy that came up to the couple before, tapped Cas on the shoulder. "Heyy, you're gorgeous. Do you wanna come over and dance with me?" He said, his words slurred together.
"No. You can't ask that of your brother. He's not my keeper. He has his own life. He has a new girlfriend. You can't tell him to be my bodyguard until we figure out how to handle this."
"Calm down, Gabriel," Cas growled. "You treat me like a child. I'm not an infant anymore. I will be fine. Dean seems nice."
They both go back to taking notes until the bell rings. As the students left, Cas was packing up his things and heading to his locker after saying goodbye to Meg. Once Cas put his books in his locker, he went out to the parking lot to Dean's car that was already parked there.
The omega was pushed harder against the wall, his back rubbing up and down on it. Dean growled and thrusted harder, biting into Cas' shoulder. Cas tightens his grip on Dean's back, his nails scratching.
"Of course I did," Dean answered. "You're so fucking sexy in those fishnet stockings. And that vibrating plug was awesome. We're definitely using that a lot."
Naomi gave Dean a microphone and told him to make a speech to thank everyone. Dean stood up and cleared his throat to get everyone's attention.
The couple walked in, seeing the Novak family gathered around the living room, where a big, beautifully decorated tree sat. The two youngest siblings sat on the floor where the presents sat. Once they saw Cas, they jumped up and ran to hug him.
The loving couple got home after the movies and dinner. Cas took his boots off once he got inside and resided to the living room. He sat on the couch with his legs stretched out as Dean grabbed a beer from the fridge before sitting on the couch with Cas, moving the omega's legs to put across his lap.
Dean leaned down kissing and nipping at Cas' neck. He trailed down to his chest, mouthing at the blue eyed boys nipples before taking one in his mouth, rolling the nub with his tongue.
When Dean pulled away, satisfied at how loose Cas was, Cas whimpered from the loss of the warm touches.
Cas started grabbing a few items of clothing to try on and model for his alpha. He walked out of one of the changing rooms, showing Dean a plaid mini skirt and white short sleeved button up.
Cas thought for a minute. "How about this?" He started, straddling Dean, "if you give me the card, I can give you something extra special."
(Castiel, you don't need to worry. You've done enough. You were so stressed out. Relax and spend time with your little family - Naomi)
"They were messing around in my aunt's bar. I had to do it." Dean shrugged, leaning back in his seat.
"If I hadn't asked you to buy me so many things, we wouldn't be in this situation," Cas cried. "You should have never bought me this engagement ring."
Once the ceremony was over, Cas met up with Dean and his family. He jumped up in Dean's arms, hugging him tightly.
Cas chuckled, watching Dean walk back to the bedroom. The pregnant omega started putting some strips of a bacon in a hot pan, humming as he did it.
Monday, when they went back to school, Cas was excited to see Dean again. The Novak got to his locker to grab a couple of books. He smiled when he saw Dean, but the smile didn't last long. A very attractive girl walked up to Dean, flirting and touching him.
Cas woke up in the middle of the night, rolling over, expecting to cuddle into the warmth of his alpha, but finding the bed cold.
"I'm sorry," Dean apologized, hugging Cas. "I should've asked you first. And I know your brain doesn't work well right now."
"We went to go tell my mom the news, but she wouldn't have it. She was so pissed we were having a child without being married and mated."
The moment Dean started thrusting his hips faster and harder, the pregnant omega gasped, arching his back, grabbing at the pillow above him, his body fueled with pleasure.
The alpha Winchester pulled away from his trembling boyfriend. "Not yet. I haven't even got to fuck you, sweetheart."
"He's good. He's getting bigger. I'm gonna be a dad soon and I'm scared shitless," Dean responded, finishing off his drink.
The alpha couldn't say no when Cas called him 'daddy.' He started thrusting faster, pulling breathy moans from Cas.
Once Deans underwear was off to the floor, Cas audibly gasped when he saw the alpha's long, thick cock resting against his tanned stomach.
The alpha quickly put his hand on Cas' stomach, feeling the kicks. "Wow. Maybe she'll be a good soccer player."
"It's not crazy. I love that you got panicked. It's cute. Nothing bad is going to happen to us," the young omega declared, putting Dean's hand on his stomach. "I love you."
When the waiter left, Dean leaned over to caress Cas' cheek and grabbing his hand to kiss it. Cas smiled, blushing.
Cas leaned into Dean as they sat there, full from dinner, talking to the family. Mary decided it was time to bring the cake out.
Even if Cas was going out with Gadreel, he still couldn't think of another omega or beta being with Dean. Cas knew it was going to happen. He can't stop Dean from living his life.
Cas took the sheet off of himself and threw it at Dean. "I knew this was yet another bad idea of yours."
He hesitantly grabbed a pregnancy test and started walking to the register, but stopped short. He grabbed a box of condoms for safe measure.
Cas and Dean got up too, and followed Naomi to the front door. Naomi turned around to hug Cas tightly. Cas smiled and hugged her back, forgetting what she did to him. She pulled away and looked up at Dean, putting her hand out to shake Dean's hand. The alpha shook her hand, not really surprised that she didn't want to hug him.
"We shouldn't have done this," Cas confessed. "We got intimate too fast. I....I promised myself I wouldn't fall too fast again. What am I even doing? I can't believe I just slept with you after just seeing each other again."
"She was fussy for a while after Dean dropped her off," Mary said, tickling Claire's stomach. "but I gave her some toys and she calmed down."
A knock on the door interrupted them. Gabe breathed a sigh of relief and went to answer the door. There was whispering coming from the front door, making Cas curious.
I know it's past Christmas, but I thought, what the hell! This probably won't be a long story. Maybe just a few chapters. I hope everyone likes it. I'm sorry for any mistakes or confusion. Just feel free to comment. Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year. Fuck 2020.
Dean placed a soft kiss on Cas' shoulder, wrapping his arm around to feeling at the swollen stomach of his boyfriend. "Have you thought of any names?" The Winchester asked.
"Yes, of course," Dean said, emphasizing with a chaste kiss. "Maybe we can go out tomorrow for some breakfast. Then we can come back here and, you know, hang out. I have the house to myself for the next couple of days."
After both speeches, the principal went on to talk again. Finally, the students started lining up on the side of the stage. That's when the principal started calling the students one by one to receive their diplomas.
Just then, the bedroom door opened and Dean waltzed in, stopping when he saw the omega sitting on the floor.
Cas just nodded, hugging himself, watching the youngest Winchester disappear inside the front office.
As Dean was walking, a few girls and a couple of guys gave him a flirty look. Dean knew his way around girls and guys. Every school they've been to, Dean would sleep with a few people before leaving to the next town. He wasn't a relationship kind of guy. He knew he wouldn't be at these schools long, so why get attached to someone?
"Bobby is wise," Cas chuckled. "I've always loved your family. They were always kind to me when I would come over to hang out with Sam."
"Come on, Dean. I can tell him the situation and I'm sure he'll be more than happy to keep me company throughout the day so Dick can't get too close. Besides, we have all the same classes anyway," Cas argued.
"This is important to me. All this planning is a lot and all I'm asking is to shorten the list. Please, mom," Cas begged.
Just as Cas was turning another isle, Dean popped up in front of him, wearing a gruesome, old-fashioned, vampire mask. The omega threw a quick jab out of defense, hitting Dean in the chest.
"I'm not going to hurt you," Dean reassured him. "We can take it slow and if you change your mind about this, at any point, I'll stop. Okay?"
Sam shuddered. "Can you two keep the bedroom talk, I don't know, in the bedroom. People actually think you're Cas' dad."
"No, it's not," Cas argued. "Look, I appreciate you two being my protective older brothers, and I really love you for that, but I wanted to figure this out by myself."
"I think if we have each other, we'll be able to handle it.We're going through this together, so we'll be fine," Dean affirmed.
"I know. I guess just seeing the guy brought that feeling back. Just knowing he put his lips on you. It just doesn't sit well with me. At all," Dean explained.
"Same here." Cas breathed a laugh. "My parents didn't want to pay for my school since I decided to major in art. They wanted me to become a doctor like the rest of my family."
"I found this secluded spot with a clearing that's perfect for watching the fireworks," Dean told him.
"Good," Dean smiled a little, pulling Cas back into a tight hug. "God, I was scared. You have no idea."
The omega chuckled. "Is that your way of picking someone up? You keep 'accidentally' running into them."
Cas looked at Dean before getting up, walking to the door. Gabriel, Samandriel and Hannah were standing there.
The omega nodded, his crying starting to come to a stop. "But, what if this just shows that I'm not ready to be a parent. I couldn't even defend myself. What if something like this happens when I'm by myself with our pup? I don't know if I can do it."
"Yeah, uh, thanks," Dean added, trying not to say something to Cas' family about the coldness and bitterness towards him and even to Cas.
Cas grabbed the bags of food from Dean's hands and put them on the coffee table before taking Dean's hand and leading him to their bedroom. The alpha was shocked when he saw candles and the rose petals scattered around and on the bed.
He sat on his bed, letting out a long breath. His eye caught the little piece of paper on his nightstand with Gadreel's number on it.
"Yeah," Dean muttered, looking around the hallways. "So, that other alpha... Does he usually come over here in the mornings?"
Dean started a shallow thrust, holding on to Cas' sharp hips. The omega started bouncing on Dean's lap, leaning his head back in complete ecstacy.
"You're so goddamn gorgeous," Dean growled, hoisting Cas up enough for the omega to wrap his legs around the alpha's waist.
"First off, he's not my alpha," Cas growled. "Second, if I end up being pregnant, I don't want Dean to find out. He might freak out and want me to leave."
The omega smiled, pressing his lips to Dean's softly. He broke the kiss to pull his shirt off, tossing it to the floor.
Dean was still in just a towel, barely pulling a shirt on, his muscles moving beautifully under his skin.
Cas grabbed it and the three of them entered the rink. Claire and Cas had no problem. They've been ice skating since Claire turned 3. Dean, on the other hand, was having a problem standing up.
Cas wore a teal t-shirt dress with black leggings and some black boots. He made sure to fix his hair. The omega loved going out with Dean. It gave him a chance to dress and look nice.
The thought of having to tell his family that he was pregnant slowly drifted away. Dean was going to get them an apartment, they would make a home for themselves, they're going to have a pup running around. He would go to the small university in the city, he would get his teaching degree, and they would live happy together.
"Cas, you know this is a small town. It's going to be near impossible to avoid him," Gabe pointed out.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Cas answered, sitting on Dean's lap. "At least my brother actually came over, even if he still doesn't approve."
"No, I left these lit candles near flammable sheets and curtains while we were gone," Dean retorted.
"So, thanks again for the artichoke," Dean said, before turning around and walking away to go find his brother.
The five year old walked over and climbed on Dean's lap. Dean brushed Claire's messy hair out of her face, helping his daughter settle in his lap.
"Cas, I can't even begin to tell you how sorry I am. You don't know how much this regret haunts me."
John walked downstairs, pulling a plaid shirt over his regular white t-shirt. "Good morning, everyone." He sat at the head of the table.
Dean returned to their bedroom and shook Cas awake gently. Cas groaned, waking up a little, opening an eye to glare at Dean. The alpha chuckled, running a hand through Cas' hair.
Cas turned to look at Dean. "Dean, we have sex pretty much every day. Date night doesn't make it special."
"We were talking about the pup and I told her how your mom told us that we should throw a baby shower. Well, since your mom threw us a little party for the gender, my mom wants to throw us a baby shower," Cas told him.
"What the fuck are you doing here, Gabriel? Do you just come into a room with moans and groans coming from it?" Cas bit out, brows furrowed.
Dean was leaning against the hood of his precious impala, taking a drag from his cigarette when Cas and Sam walked up.
"What I'm trying to get at, is Cas might be pregnant," the beta said matter-of-factly, trying not to smile.
"Fuck," Dean cursed, standing at the foot of the bed, seeing the rose gold crystal butt plug Cas was wearing. "You have no idea what you do to me, baby."
"Sam is right. You are quite oblivious," Cas said, a smirk on his lips. "Dean, there is no boyfriend. It was called acting. Thank theater club for that." Cas sat back, his ass against Dean's crotch, looking at Dean with sincere eyes. "I've been wanting this since we first met. And seeing you again, all tan skin and firm muscle, I couldn't help coming over here."
"Yeah, yeah. I got it," the beta rolled her eyes. "Now go. Have fun." She shooed him away. "Use protection."
Dean pressed his lips back to Cas', deepening the kiss. Cas could feel all the stares and hear the whispers as Dean made out with him. It made the omega feel kind of smug. Dick has made everyone think so bad of Cas that having his older alpha boyfriend here felt so good.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. "I never tire of hearing that." He softly kissed the alpha. "I love you too."
His euphoria didn't last long when he realized Cas would be going out with another alpha in a couple of days. He groaned, covering his face with his hands. Why does he have to feel this way?
"Sam, I'm joking." Cas put his hand on Sam's shoulder, chuckling. "I know you're trying to woo Amelia."
Cas nodded. The moment Dean left, the pregnant omega hurried and went through his suitcase to grab everything he needed. He rushed to the bathroom, shedding his clothes off to put on the French maid's outfit he got when they picked out their Halloween costumes. Cas bought fishnet stockings he thought were perfect with the outfit. Cas made sure he grabbed the vibrating butt plug he bought also. He was already turned on thinking of Dean fucking him in the outfit. He pushed a finger in his hole, slowly starting to open himself up. He continued to open himself up until he heard the door open. He quickly put the plug in.
Cas wrapped his legs around Dean's back, saying nothing but little breaths of the alpha's name and curses in between moans.
They stayed there for a minute, trying to catch their breath and get their heart rate down. Dean rolled them to lay on their sides. Cas ran his thumb across Dean's freckles, looking at how beautiful he was. The alpha grabbed his hand and kissed his palm.
"I was thinking, maybe during my lunch break, I can come back home and I can take care of that greedy hole of yours since I'll be sleeping at my parent's house tonight," Dean whispered.
Dean smiled, thinking how cute Cas is when he got embarrassed. "Yes, I am a photography major. I've always loved taking pictures of everything. My mom bought this camera for me when I graduated high school." He held up his camera.
The omega checked his outfit one last tine and turned to his best friend, showing off his khakis and dark blue button up with a light blue sweater.
As soon as Cas grabbed Dean's face and pulled him down to kiss him, they started back up, the moment only ruined a little.
"Why not? Christmas is two days away. My brother and his fiancée are visiting and announced that they're starting a family. Everything is looking up," Dean explained.
"You're over thinking it," the beta stated. "Gadreel seems sweet. I'm sure he won't try to score with you tonight."
Cas chuckled. "I know you do. I want to know too, but it depends what Dean wants to do. We need to talk about it."
Cas tried to push his ass back, but Dean kept him still, not wanting to hurt the young omega. "Oh, fuck Cas. You feel so good."
"Sweetheart, you're pregnant. Of course you're going to be hungry all the time," the alpha comforted the omega. "And I will always love you. No matter what."
"Of course we want you to be happy. We're happy for you two," the Novak mother lied, trying to sound sincere.
"I know," the alpha said, sighing, moving up to Cas' face. "I'm just happy we're going to be parents. I'm excited to see how beautiful our pup will be."
Dean looked around to keep an eye on Cas, finding him talking to a male alpha that looked older than Dean and was wearing a nice suit. Dean could tell Cas was getting uncomfortable under the other alpha's gaze.
"What if I am?" The omega looked up at Dean through his eyelashes. "We've only been going out for a month. I'm 18 and you're 27. What if I'm pregnant, Dean? What's going to happen? I don't want to raise a pup by myself. My brothers are probably going to either throw me out or make me get an abortion." He started crying, hugging his knees.
The alpha cut him off by wrapping his arms Cas' waist while he was in front of the vanity. "And I've never thought about marriage and kids before I met you," Dean added, kissing at Cas' neck.
"I'm not going to tolerate the way she treats you, Dean. If she wants back in my life, she has to work for it and apologize to you."
The alpha shook his head, amused, before picking his boyfriend up bridal style. He walked him to the bed, putting the omega on the mattress softly.
Maybe going to the bar & grill next door to the college wasn't that great of an idea, but Charlie and Cas were hungry and they didn't want to go too far.
"I didn't know they were moans!" Gabe retorted. "All I heard were noises coming from your room and the front door unlocked. I thought it was a burglar."
"If you want me take your virginity tonight, I want you to be comfortable. Your first time shouldn't be a quickie in a car," Dean offered.
The omega got up from the floor and went to sit next to Dean on the couch. Dean went over to the tree to grab a present and brought it over to Cas, sitting back down next to him.
"Yeah, well, I couldn't handle the idea of leaving you and Claire by yourself while I was in another country," Dean admitted.
Dean grabbed a shopping cart and started shopping. The noise and bustle of everyone doing last minute Christmas shopping distracted the alpha's mind. He focused on the list his mom gave him and didn't bothering to dwell on all the things he was thinking about.
The 16 month old nodded as Cas put another spoonful in front of her. Dean smiled, watching his new husband feed their daughter.
Dean moved forward, kissing Cas softly. Cas was a shocked for about a second before he started kissing back. Dean leaned Cas down where the Winchester was hovering over Cas' body.
"Everything just came flooding back, like it happened yesterday. I couldn't even buy the medicine for Claire."
Dean smiled. "Well, you're welcome. At least we can spend time as a family now that you don't have to worry about the wedding stuff."
Cas wiped his tears, hugging the card to his chest. He was so unbelieveably happy by Dean's words. He put the card back on the end table so he could start getting ready for school.
Cas turned around so Dean could help him put it on. Once the collar was on, Cas turned to look at Dean, touching the collar with his fingers.
"I'm kidding," Dean laughed, hugging Cas. "Why don't we call it a night? I can give you a back massage then we can watch some Netflix before we fall asleep."
When the elevator stopped on the 4th floor, the couple got out and found their room. Dean tipped the bell hop then they were alone in an elegant room.
Dean licked the hole once making Cas' knee buckle, more slick dripping out. The alpha slowly pushed one finger in, pushing it in and out. The omega whined, pushing his ass back, asking to be filled.
Later that afternoon, the couple walked, hand in hand, to sight see. Cas saw a cute boutique that had nothing but clothing for omegas. He quickly dragged Dean inside. Dean didn't mind shopping with Cas. He just wants to see his omega happy and smiling. Especially now that they're newly mated. The alpha loves Cas even more somehow, if that is even possible, and he feels this sense of needing to be with Cas and protect him and make sure he's happy and healthy.
After taking a shower, he opened up the closet to grab his uniform. A red gift sat on the bottom of the closet with a little note attached to it. Cas grabbed it and took it to the bed to open it. He first read the little note.
"I'm very excited," Gabriel answered. "I'm happy for my baby brother. I think he'll be a wonderful parent."
"Aw, congrats, sweetie," she said, smiling. "You're welcome to rest here. If you're feeling too bad, you can call one of your parents to come pick you up."
Cas grabbed the alpha's hand, leading him to the bed. Dean laid down, opening his arms for the omega.
Cas leaned up to kiss Dean's forehead. "I'm right here. Don't freak out. Everything is going to be okay. We'll be there in no time."
Claire looked up at Dean with wide blue eyes, moving her arm to try to grab him. The alpha smiled, putting his finger in front of the pup. She grabbed it curiously.
The Winchester watched Cas hurry out of the store. Dean stood there for what felt like hours, stunned at what just happened. He didn't even know he was crying until he felt a tear drip down his cheek.
Dean chuckled. "I'm going to get us something to drink. I'll find something that doesn't have alcohol it," he told Cas.
"Shh, it's okay," Dean cooed as he walked up stairs still carrying the omega. "I'll always be here, baby."
Dean tried not to smile at Cas' commitment to him. "Okay. If that's what you want to do. I'm with you 100 percent."
Cas nodded, looking down. "My family is sorta traditional. I can't date any betas or alphas. My parents have to pick out a mate for me. I was just looking for some kind of comfort. I was hoping Sam was here."
It took about 45 minutes to get to the place Dean found. The omega was in awe seeing how beautiful the view was. The lights from downtown were viewable from the clearing. A few fireworks were going off early, shining in the sky.
The omega gathered himself and walked back to his dorm room, trying not to look at the pictures around his side of the room.
"Get over yourself, Richard. We dated for a month 3 years ago. You were too narcissistic for me," Cas spat in disgust.
"Charlie, I don't need you to set me up," Cas said, fondly. "I'll keep my options open," He said, not sure if he actually meant it.
Cas wiped his tears. "My mom made me..." He sobbed, tears falling faster. "She made me have an abortion."
"I've missed you too," Cas admitted. "Even being so angry and hating your guts, I still missed you. I still hoped that you would arrive at my front door and apologize. For 6 fucking years, I felt that way."
"See you around," Gadreel said, winking. The alpha walked away, joining a group of other alphas and a couple of betas.
"I like that idea," Cas stated. "And I want to bake a pie to bring over, but they never come out as good as your mother's."
"Of course, sweetie." Mary gave him a sympathetic look, letting him in. "What happened? It's Valentine's day. You shouldn't be fighting."
Dean held Cas' cheeks in his hands, kissing the younger boy fiercely. Cas smiled through the kiss, entwining his tongue with Dean's.
"Keep riding daddy's cock, sweetheart," Dean praised as Cas started bouncing faster. "Yeah, just like that, gorgeous."
The nerves slowly started drifting away every time Dean reassured Cas. The alpha was such a sweet guy. Cas was happy that Dean will be the one to take his virginity. He felt safe and comfortable with him. He knew Dean would never do anything to hurt him.
Cas sat on his bed, studying from his textbook, humming to his music. It's been several days, but Cas still didn't have the guts to make a decision on whether or not to call Gadreel. He kept telling himself he would make a decision later.
Cas gave a worrying look over his shoulder at Dean, making the alpha give him a reassuring smile. Cas went with his mother to greet some of the attendees. The omega was a little overwhelmed, but figured it was nice of his mom to introduce them.
When Cas finally pulled up to his brother's house, Claire was basically vibrating in her car seat with anticipation. Cas couldn't help but chuckle at his daughter's excitement.
Cas blinked his eyes a few times, trying to figure out what was going on. He looked up to see Dean looming above him.
The alpha's hand landed on Cas' skin a few more times, making Cas so close to coming on the bed beneath him, but Dean didn't let that happen. Not yet.
"Oh, trust me, I got tortured. My brother, Gabriel, always played tricks on me. In my middle school picture, you can see the bald spot where my mom cut gum out of my hair." Cas shook his head, drinking from his glass.
Half an hour later, Cas walked out of the bathroom naked. He walked to the bedroom to pull on a pair of green cotton panties and one of Dean's Led Zeppelin shirts before walking towards the kitchen. Cas was shocked to see how clean the kitchen was. Both pies he made were on the island, cooling off. The omega moved on to the living room where Dean was sitting with his boots resting on the coffee table and a beer in hand. Cas smiled, walking over to Dean and straddling his lap.
Cas held back a whimper, taking in the alpha's scent; like a warm day on the beach. Sand, ocean water, the warm breeze.
Dean kissed back, licking into the omega's mouth. Cas moaned, rotating his hips on Dean's lap. The omega gasped, already feeling Dean's erection. At that moment, Claire started crying. They pulled away, groaning.
"Nice to meet you, Cas," Garth greeted, patting the omega's shoulder. "I need to get back to class. I can't afford to fail my chemistry class."
Once the alpha picked up the pace, Cas moaning and chanting Dean's name like it was the only word he knew. When Cas threw his head back, Dean couldn't help but kiss and lightly bite at Cas' neck.
"Um, yes, every-" Cas paused, realizing what Dean was thinking. "No, you are not coming to dinner with me to tell them. No. That's the worst plan. Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael don't like you. There's no way this is going to work out."
"Fine. You're an adult and you have the right to do whatever you want, but you're still my baby brother and I need to protect you."
"Unless I use our safe word, just assume I'm having the time of my life. Especially if I was moaning as loud as I did."
"We'll have some fun today." Dean pulled up to an apartment complex. "We'll look at some apartments, then we'll get some dinner, and later I'll have some dessert." He winked at Cas.
The omega followed the alpha towards the check out line. "Come on, Dean. I don't think you would want me to go alone dressed as a sexy nurse. There are going to be quite a few football players there," Cas teased.
"What do you mean you 'guess so?'" Cas queried, crossing his arms. "You pretty much scared him off."
((Good morning, my beautiful omega. I can't wait to see you at the alter. I'll be the very attractive alpha wearing a suit. I love you. I'll see you soon. - Dean))
Since Meg was picked to be Cas' maid of honor, she's been helping him do everything to get ready for this day. She took her duty very seriously.
Dean moaned, pulling away from the kiss. "I think you need some more physical activity in your life, nurse."
On the phone there was a picture of a black bodycon, mini dress with sheer, long sleeves with small flowers. The male omega that was wearing it looked sexy. He was imagining Cas wearing it, smiling at the thought.
The omega smiled, nodding. Dean helped Cas up from the couch, grabbing the omega's hand to lead him to the bedroom. After they got comfortable, the couple laid in bed, Cas' head on Dean's chest, arm lazily around the alpha's ribs. Cas slowly dozed off watching how bees built their hives. Dean looked down at Cas to ask how he was feeling, but smiled when the omega snored softly into his chest.
"I don't know if it's your hormones from the pregnancy or your hormones of being a teenager, but I'm not complaining," Dean teased. "I just need breaks in-between."
Cas' phone rang, waking him up. He squinted his eyes, checking the time. It was 12:45. The omega groaned and grabbed his phone.
Dean held both of Cas' hands. "I saved up for that ring. Yes, I might of picked up extra shifts here and there, but I bought this ring because I love you so damn much. Don't think that any of this is your fault."
"I'm so sorry," Dean apologized, caressing Cas' cheek. "I promise, I will never leave you again. I swear to you."
Then, if it wasn't bad enough, his mind wandered to the thought of Dean leaving him for Lisa. He would go have a family with her. What if when Dean goes over to Lisa's hotel tomorrow, she'll seduce him? What if he actually ends up sleeping with her? How is Cas going to handle that? He'll be a single father, probably moving back in with his parents since he can't afford a place of his own.
"Yes," Cas said, turning to face Dean. "I always saw betas and omegas walk in and out of here all the time. I've always wanted to be one of those lucky omegas that walked out of here walking funny with a huge smile on my face."
They made small talk over dinner, Cas learning more about Benny and vice versa. The omega was thrilled to finally meet one of Dean's friends. Dean didn't have that many friends since he came back. He lost contact with a lot of them, but it didn't bother him much.
"Yeah, of course, sweetheart. I'll be right there," the alpha said, his voice laced with concern for his omega.
Dean picked Cas up and put him over his shoulder while Cas was still yelling back and forth with Bela.
As Dean struggled to put up the tent, Cas stood by, trying not to laugh. He was secretly filming the alpha to laugh at later.
Cas froze, his mind going to Mick. Should he tell Dean about him? Why not? It's not like Cas should hide the fact that he befriended a new student and nothing more.
Cas let out a whimper when Dean moved his hand to the front of the omega's slacks to stroke at his cock.
Dean almost came with those words alone. The alpha flipped them over, so he was hovering over the younger boy. He started unbuttoning the omega's jeans, pulling them off and tossing the on the floor.
The pregnant omega turned red, trying to hide his face in his hands. Dean snorted, trying not to laugh too loud. Cas shot his head up to glare at Dean.
Cas threw the page in the trash. "Okay, what about the second one?" He asked, continuing to roll his hips. "Shit," cursed as the head of Dean's cock hit his prostate.
Cas ran out of the bedroom to see what was going on. Once he turned the hallway light on, he saw who was standing there.
The alpha dominated the kiss, pulling his boyfriend's panties down, kneading Cas' ass roughly. The moaning from the omega egged Dean on, moving his lips down Cas' body, giving each part of his body attention.
Cas sighed. "Look, I understand all of your concerns. Maybe I did do this all wrong. Just, let me handle it my way. I will not hurt my daughter. I have to protect her from the heartache I endured. Give me some time, okay? We're not leaving until after the holidays. Let me see how much Dean has changed."
Dean laid down on top of Cas, making sure not to put all his weight on the omega, putting his head on Cas' shoulder, both of them trying to catch their breath. Cas started running his fingers through the back of Dean's short hair.
Cas was speechless. He stared at the paper, anger simmering inside. Angry tears started welling up in his eyes.
"I'm sorry for coming over so late. Cas and I had a fight. I was just wondering if I could stay the night," Dean explained.
Once Dean put his things in his old bedroom, he came back downstairs. His mouth started watering, smelling the fresh, homemade pie baking in the oven.
The alarm went off at 6:30, waking Cas up for school. Cas groaned, reaching out to shut the clock off. He sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Dean was already at work so Cas was there by himself. The omega turned the lamp on by the bed and saw a single rose and a valentine's day card on the nightstand. He smiled, grabbing the card to read it.
Dean raised his fist to punch Dick, but Cas ran up to his alpha, laying a small hand on Dean's chest.
The omega's eyes were a piercing blue, looking straight at Dean. Dean's breath caught in his throat. He smiled at the beautiful omega. The blue eyed stranger smiled shyly, looking away.
Dean started kissing his way down the omega's body, paying special attention to his sensitive areas, like his nipples and sharp hip bones. Before he went any further, the alpha shed himself of his jeans. Cas' eyes drifted down, seeing the big bulge in Dean's boxer briefs. The omega swallowed, the nerves getting worse.
The alpha quickly dressed, trying not to think of his cute omega roommate going on a date with an alpha and what they may or may not do on said date.
"Let me finish," the pastor said as some of the guests laughed at Dean's eagerness. "Do you take Castiel to be your lawfully wedded husband and omega? To have and to hold, in sickness and in health, in good times and in bad, for richer or poor, keeping yourself unto him for as long as you both shall live?"
Dean caught Alastair boxing in a freshman omega, trying to grope and intimidate him. That omega was very lucky that Dean was there. The Winchester pulled Alastair away, throwing him on the ground and started swinging.
The omega smiled to himself as he walked back to his table of friends. He set the drinks down, sliding back into the booth next to Dean.
Dean took his fingers out, offering the digits to Cas. The omega took his fiancé's fingers in his mouth, moaning and hollowing his cheeks.
He was going out as a college junior. He didn't know what to expect. Was Gadreel going to want to go further than just dinner tonight? Was it expected to put out on a first date?
"You better hope to God that you're right," Gabriel said after him, more to himself than his brother.
They hit a bump in the road, causing Dean to panic and step on the breaks. A series of honks blared at the car.
"What do you think is going to happen with us? Are we going to build up a relationship again? Or is this just an apology dinner?"
"I hate being so crazy about Sam's older brother, Dean. Everytime I'm at Sam's house, there Dean is looking gorgeous as ever, being a big, strong alpha," Dean recited, walking into the bedroom.
The omega blew out a shaky breath. "Why am I so nervous? It's not like we haven't had sex before. I mean, we have a daughter."
Once the omega collected himself, he got undressed, pulling on Dean's black hoodie and getting back in bed. He decided to turn the TV on to Animal Planet, watching the different kittens run around.
Cas walked his brother to the front door. They said their goodbyes before Michael left. Cas walked back to the living room where Dean was still sitting.
Their daughter started whining until Cas held her close so she could scent him. Cas' sweet, calming and content scent settled Claire down.
When they finally arrived at Dean's family's house, Cas was quick to hide his ring when Mary greeted them at the door.
Once in the bed, Cas relaxed, trying to cuddle with Dean. The alpha was on his back, snoring. Cas puts his head on his boyfriend's chest, just settling into the warmth.
"Those girls bought them for you two," the waiter said, pointing at two girls at the bar, both omegas.
The constant squabbles of Cas' older brothers resulted in him wanting to move out. Cas couldn't handle it. Especially when they were controlling him and his younger siblings.
Samandriel and Hael walked in behind Lucifer, coming from the living room. They all sat at their normal seat, Hael and Samandriel on either side of Cas. Lucifer, Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel sat across from the youngest members of the Novak family.
"No. I never told him about you, but we can tell him together. Then we can be a family," Lisa suggested.
A few seconds after the alpha knocked on the wooden front door, it opened, his mom standing in front of him.
Cas grabbed the box and put it on the coffee table. He quickly grabbed one and took a bite of the perfectly baked, moist, sweet muffin.
Cas melted into the kiss, holding Dean's cheek, pulling him closer. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas's waist, pushing his sleep shorts down to rub his hip. The omega shivered at the touch.
The two roommates talked while they ate and got to know each other even better, which Dean loved. He liked learning more about Cas. He especially liked Cas' gummy smiles.
"Oh, yeah. Well, the guys at the garage wanted to take me out for one. I don't know if I want to," Dean told him.
Cas and Dean laughed and waved at their guests. Everyone started clinking their glasses and chanting "kiss, kiss, kiss." The new husbands obliged and pressed their lips together in a tender, loving kiss. Their guests started clapping and whistling.
"I was just getting some air. It smells like someone was smoking. That's why my jacket smells like cigarettes," Dean blurted out. "What are you doing up?"
Cas rested his thighs and started rotating his hips, leaning down to kiss Dean while running a hand through his hair. Dean grabbed Cas' ass, squeezing it while he started teasing the omega's nipples. Cas moaned, arching his back, his nails scratching at the base of the back of Dean's head.
School went smoothly. Cas and Mick got along pretty well throughout the day. The omega couldn't help but blush everytime Mick would smile at him or make him laugh. Cas tried not to think too much about Mick. He had an alpha already. A great alpha to be exact.
"Hopefully not for too long," Dean said, placing a kiss on Cas' neck. "I can't wait to fuck you full of pups again."
The omega hooked a finger in his boyfriend's jeans, pulling him closer. A woman close by cleared her throat loudly, breaking the couple apart. Cas looked over and saw a few people looking at them with grossed out faces.
"You know, I thought I would be, but everything feels right," Dean admitted, smiling, thinking of his omega. "Cas is perfect. He's everything I could ask for in a mate. This is the first time I feel so sure about something."
"He's fine." The omega smiled. "He's in preschool, he knows how to count to twenty. He's learning to read and write. Ben has been doing really well."
"Your roommate is an alpha!" Gabriel exclaimed. "You can't live with an alpha. What if he does something? All those college guys are drunk knotheads."
"Yeah. Just right now. Why don't you change into your swimsuit and we'll take a dip to cool off?" Dean asked.
"It's okay. We're just looking for a good time," the other omega declared, almost sitting on Benny's lap.
The couple resided to the dining table and started eating their breakfast. The alpha flipped through the sports section of the newspaper while Cas ate, scrolling through his phone at the same time.
Mary walked in, holding a plate of pancakes, setting it in the middle of the table with the plate of bacon and eggs.
After about an hour, the couple got out of the lake. The first thing Dean did was wrap Cas up in a big, fluffy towel. He got Cas to sit at the picnic table while the alpha got the cooler from the trunk of the impala and set it on the table.
The campus was noisy and crowded. Summer was over. Classes were back in session. The freshman were busy finding their way around the campus while the upperclassman greeted old friends.
The omega decided to make himself a cup of tea and look through his feed from his multiple social media accounts. Cas settled on the couch with a mug and his phone, waiting for Dean to come home.
Dean nodded. "Maybe it was kind of a blessing we're quarantined. We finally get to spend time with our kids and relax after working so much."
The alpha's phone went off again as he was exciting the restroom. He opened it, reading the reply from Cas.
The omega rolled his eyes playfully. "The next time I go to the doctor I'll ask her about putting me on something else because my fiancé is a whiny alpha."
The alpha continued thrusting into his boyfriend's tight heat, giving the other nipple attention while one hand held the omega's sharp hip and the other pinched at the other nipple. Cas moaned, screaming in intense pleasure.
Cas sighed contently as he made his way to the bedroom. He started opening up some of the boxes of clothes and put them in the dresser and closet. The omega grabbed the box of his fake knots, shoving them under the bed before putting new lavender colored sheets on the bed.
All the Novak siblings arrived at the outdoor ice rink, dozens of people were already there having fun.
"It's my pleasure," the beta told him. "Why don't we meet at the apartment Monday and we can start the paperwork?"
"You are not a loser, Dean," Cas reassured him. "My family just doesn't understand our relationship, but I promise you nothing will change between us. No matter how much my family intervenes."
Cas, Charlie, and Sam joined in on the cheering the whole crowd was doing. After the announcement, the team ran through the banner making the crowd cheer louder.
A knock on the door separated them. Dean got up to open the door. Someone from room service stood there with a cart carrying sparkling cider, a bowl of strawberries, and a vase of roses.
"It really means a lot to me that all of you are coming around to the idea of Dean and me and the pup," Cas addressed, smiling, wiping a tear from his eye.
"It's going well," Cas answered. "We just went to the doctor. They wrote down the gender of the pup, but we don't quite want to know yet."
"I really thought this was going to be your breakthrough moment," Charlie muttered, taking a sip of her water.
Dean pulled him into a hug, both of them sobbing. "I'm so fucking sorry, Cas. I wish to God I could go back and do things over."
"Oh, you didn't know? I got certified years ago," Charlie joked, patting the alpha's shoulder. "See ya, Dean."
"Good," Dean said, putting the battery powered lantern by the top of the bed before laying down next to Cas. "How are you feeling?"
The moment the omega felt himself starting to get wet, he pulled away, his senses starting to come back to him.
Once Cas licked the pre come dribbling from his husband's cock, Dean tightened his hand in the omega's hair, coming. Cas had his mouth wide open, catching a lot of Dean's come while the rest rolled down his chin and landed on his lips.
Dean breathed a laugh, smiling a bit. He grabbed the artichoke, putting it in a plastic bag. "Uh, thanks for this."
Benny nodded, taking a drink from his beer. "It's kind of like having this adrenaline running through you, knowing you're gonna go out and fight for everyone here. You know?"
An hour or so later, after drinking and dancing, it was time for speeches from the couple's friends and family. Of course, Sam was the first one to talk.
"Sweetheart, you have to do it. It's gonna be okay," Dean whispered to Cas, kissing his forehead. "You're gonna do great."
The couple were coming down from a round of sex, lazily kissing and tracing their fingers on each other's bodies.
"Your mom is great at wedding planning," John told him. "She's been waiting for you two to find someone to marry."
Dean came home, a couple of bags in his arms. He threw his keys on the table by door and put the bags on the kitchen counter. The alpha went to the bedroom, finding Cas messing with his hair.
"I figured it would-" Cas started before getting cut off by a large guy pushing past him, making Cas fall.
"We're moving into our own new, empty apartment in an hour, yet you wanted to have sex in my childhood room when we didn't know who would come home," Cas retorted, pulling the sweater over his head.
The alpha held Cas as he rode out his orgasm, thrusting a few more times before his knot finally caught on the omega's sensitive rim, spilling loads of come inside his young boyfriend.
Dean shook his head. "No. I don't want him to know. It's better having him pissed at me than to know how huge of a dick our dad was and how fucking weak I was to run off with my tail between my legs."
"3 older brothers and one younger sister," the omega chuckled. "We kind of had a chaotic household."
"No, Dean, it's okay," Cas objected. "I'll be fine here by myself. I'm probably going to take a nap anyway. I'm tired."
(How's the planning going? Was there any last minute things that needed to be done? Do you need my help? - Cas)
Cas nodded, walking back upstairs to Dean's room. He closed the door behind him, taking his sweatpants off, and laying back on the bed. He ran his hand across his stomach, smiling to himself.
Dean watched Cas leave to get their son. Not long after, the two year old came running into the living room, climbing to get on the couch, successfully doing it by himself.
Cas nods, getting up to shed himself of his big, red long sleeve shirt and jeans. He grabbed his night shirt from the drawer to put on while Dean got undressed.
"Just a student that goes to our college." Cas shrugged, trying not to give Charlie the impression of something more. "I've seen him around at school before. We were just talking."
The blue eyed boy looked at the Winchester, blushing, as he sat down next to him. He tore his gaze away from Dean to look down at a map of the school, which he neatly mapped out where his classes were.
The next few days were normal. Although, Cas did notice Dean acting a little distant. Not distant enough for Cas to say anything, but enough to notice. He tried not to let it bother him. He knew Dean wouldn't do anything to hurt him. And even if he did, Cas felt confident that Dean would do it in a sweet and nice way. That's just how the omega felt about the 18 year old. He felt Dean was the kindest alpha he has ever met.
Dean calmed down enough to comfort Cas. He hugged Cas again, rubbing his back soothingly. "I know, baby. We'll figure something out. I'll figure something out. I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you or our pup. I promise you."
"He printed posters of me wearing the blue lingerie you like and captioned it 'Whore,'" Cas replied.
Cas nodded. They all walked next door to the Winchester's. Dean helped Cas to sit in the dining room while he still cried. The alpha was going to go to the kitchen to get Cas a glass of water, when the omega stopped him.
The alpha laid them on their sides to get more comfortable. Cas basically wrapped himself around Dean, burying his face in his neck.
The pregnant omega sat himself at one of the picnic tables, watching Dean work. It turned Cas on seeing Dean work with his hands, his muscles shifting under his shirt, his biceps flexing.
Cas' brother, Gabriel, was actually very nice and always took care of Cas. The younger Novaks, Samandriel and Hannah, were still young and haven't presented. Cas was always protecting them and looking out for them.
The alpha pressed the on button, making Cas' legs almost give out. Cas held onto Dean, breathing out a moan.
About an hour later, Dean walked through the door. Cas rushed out of the bedroom and went to attack Dean.
"If you want to go back, I won't stop you. It's your decision," the omega said, fighting back tears.
"Looking at the directions?" Dean scoffed, then tried finding the instructions from within the mess of tent. "I saw the directions already," he lied, trying to look like he knew what he was doing.
"Why did you all of a sudden want to go back? I thought you weren't going back when you started a family."
Cas slumped his shoulders, not knowing what to do until his brother picks him up from school. That was until he heard whistles coming from the football field just outside the double doors close to the Novak.
Before Cas could stop him, Dean walked out, slamming the door behind him, leaving the crying, pregnant omega standing there, stunned.
After adding another finger in Cas, Dean found that bundle of nerves, making Cas yell the alpha's name. Dean smirked, massaging that spot, making Cas quiver and whimper out short breaths.
"Shit!" Dean cursed before running to the bedroom and grabbing the duffel bag they packed for the hospital. "Shit shit shit."
"Yes, Dean," Cas rolled his eyes. "I talked to her. She promised to be civil. That means so do you."
The omega pulled away, wiping his tears once more. "When Inias found out, he was furious. He said he couldn't handle my mom controlling me and he would never forgive me for what I did. That's when he left."
"I know, Cas," Gabriel said. "But you're my little brother. You're all alone up there without anybody around."
Later in the day, Cas was changing back into his school uniform after taking a shower in the omega locker rooms. The omega never liked gym class, but the gym teacher has been taking it easy on him since he was pregnant.
The next morning, Dean called Bobby and told him that he was going to be late for work. He wanted to drop Cas off at school. Cas just thought Dean was being sweet and missed him, which is true, but Dean also had ulterior motives.
"Sounds good to me." Dean got up from bed and grabbed the DVD from the stack of movies they had next to the TV.
"Uh, yeah. He's really sweet and funny." Cas smiled, thinking of Mick, but quickly pushed it out of his mind.
Dean woke up early in the morning while Cas was still asleep, wrapped up in the blankets. The alpha decided to surprise Cas with breakfast. He grabbed everything he needed from the cabinets and went to work.
Cas' woke up quickly, his head shooting up from his desk. When he realized he fell asleep and now everyone's eyes, especially the annoyed teacher, was on him, blood rushed to his cheeks in embarrassment.
While the family ate, Dean decided to talk to their kids about what was going on and why they won't be going to school and daycare.
Dean nodded, processing all of what Cas said. "I don't know. Maybe we just got too serious too fast."
"That's why I heard you and dad arguing that night. I remember you weren't there in the morning. Mom just said you wanted to stay with Bobby to learn how to do mechanic work," Sam put the pieces together. "Wait, does mom know why you and dad fought."
As they were talking, Dean's phone went off. He looked down at his phone seeing a new text message from Cas. He opened it, not giving it a second thought, only for a picture of Cas in the lingerie Dean bought him, show up on screen.
It was 5:25 in the morning. Dean was getting ready for work while Cas was laying in bed, catching his breath.
"I'm sorry, but you are talking about this Dean, right?" Sam asked, astonished at his brother's action.
Once Cas came, Dean wasn't far behind him. The alpha fucked him through their orgasms. Dean had just enough strength to pick them up on the bed before he collapsed, breathing heavily.
Cas got in line for the stand. "it will probably just take time for my family. They need you to earn back their trust too."
"So, Cas, um, you've been at this school since your freshman year?" Dean asked, breaking the defining silence.
Cas grabbed Dean's tie and pulled him to their bedroom. The omega pushed Dean back on the bed, surprising him.
"We already suspended him for a week after the last incident," Mrs. Daniels offered. "Unless he does something physically to you again, the best I can do is tell you to steer clear of him as much as you can."
They started back to the dormitory, walking side by side. Cas fiddled with the sleeve of his sweater, a habit when he's nervous.
Gabriel noticed the couple walking in so he rushed to the little stage with the band and grabbed the microphone from the leader singer's mic stand.
"I told you a million times, babe, I love your pies. I know you put so much work into making them," Dean praised, rubbing Cas' thigh.
"Watch this," Dean said, taking one last drag from his cigarette before stomping it out. He held Cas' cheek, kissing the omega deeply, licking inside the younger boy's mouth.
The pregnant omega sat up slowly, rubbing the sleepy dust out of his eyes. Dean handed Cas a pair of underwear and a tshirt.
Luckily, his older sister, Anna, helped him. She rocked Claire to sleep, letting the pup scent her. Claire quickly relaxed, taking in Anna's calm scent. Cas couldn't keep it together enough for his scent to calm his daughter down.
The young Novak blinked his eyes a few times to adjust to the sunlight coming in. He looked over to the other side of the bed, finding that Dean wasn't there, but his pillow was. Cas sat up, rubbing his eyes.
"As much as I love you and love how your hormones make you horny, we really should be going," Dean explained.
"Daddy says I have a fever," Claire said, still shivering, despite being wrapped up. "I want to go ice skating."
Dean was cut off by someone speeding by and knocking into him. The alpha lost his balance and fell on his back.
"A newborn pup is what happened," Charlie deadpanned. "Don't worry. You'll soon find out what this is like."
The alpha quickly unbuttoned Cas' pants, letting them drop to the floor. He started shedding himself of clothes as Cas took his blouse off. Dean pinned Cas against the vanity, grabbing his hips. Cas gasped, loving the Dean manhandled him.
The alpha pulled almost all the way out before slamming back into Cas, earning him a loud 'fuck' come from his husband's mouth. Dean continued a slow pace, not wanting to be quick.
Once inside, Sam went straight to his room, talking about finishing homework. Ellen and Jo were at the bar working, so the brothers had the house to themselves.
"Dean, don't get mad when I say this, but I think you should get one of those tests to see if you're really the father."
"Yeah," the alpha agreed, bouncing Claire on his leg. "I have such a perfect family at this moment. I wouldn't change a damn thing."
"Here," the alpha said, giving Cas his leather jacket before getting into the car.  "It will keep you warmer than that trench coat."
When Dean got home, he was greeted by a sinful Cas, laid out on the couch, almost causing him to drop their Chinese food.
Not that Cas or Dean ever ignored their kids. They loved them to death. The couple would play with Claire and Jack as much as they could, even if it meant no alone time between Cas and Dean.
"Hey, beautiful," Dean responded, putting the last dish in the drying rack, turning to face Cas. "You're naked."
After coming out of the shower, Dean saw Cas setting the table, the bitter smell already dissipating replaced with the scent of pork chops and garlic mashed potatoes. Dean's stomach growled, mouth watering. He quickly went to their bedroom to change into some lounge clothes before going to the dining room. He went up behind Cas, hugging him while he served.
When he opened the door, all the Novak siblings were there holding various sizes of wrapped gifts. Dean was surprised, not knowing what to think.
"Yeah, and Claire's here too," Dean retorted, laying a kiss on Cas' neck before moving away from him.
The blue eyed omega slapped Dean's hands away. "Stop, you weirdo. You need to get out of your clothes. I hate that smell."
"I love you too," Dean replied, kissing the top of Cas' head. "Maybe we can try to see where that beach is. That would be fun."
The alpha began to work Cas open with his tongue and fingers, making sure not to rush and hurt him. To ease any pain, Dean would alternate between lapping at Cas' hole, sucking his cock, or kissing his inner thighs.
"He didn't like the idea of his son having a pup with a male omega. He would've preferred that I knocked up a female omega."
Dean closed the fridge. "I think Cas is sick. He's not feeling good, he's throwing up and he's kind of warm. Do you have any crackers?"
"You have an attitude today," Dean mentioned, grabbing his jacket and keys. "Do I need to spank you again?"
Cas shook his head, tears still falling. Sam hugged the omega tightly before walking him out towards the front office. The alpha sat Cas down on the bench outside of the office, kneeling in front of him.
Cas stood on the porch of the Novak's house with Dean by his side. He knocked on the front door. Chuck opened the door a minute later.
The omega tried pushing him off, but didn't do a very good job. When he drank three beers, he wasn't feeling the effects until he got up and moved around.
As the couple drove back home, they were still very happy and excited knowing they were going to have a girl. When they got home, Cas was quick to get undressed to his lace panties and one of Dean's t-shirts that were starting to stretch around the midsection from Cas' stomach.
Later on, Cas got out of the bath and went to their bedroom to start getting dressed while Dean sat on the couch, watching tv.
"You're right. I shouldn't be this upset about it. It's something your passionate about," Cas admitted.
Dean side eyed Cas smiling at the flowers. The alpha couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy knowing his roommate, that he may or may not have a crush on, is going on a date with another alpha. Was it wrong to be jealous? Of course. Cas wasn't his. He isn't his omega.
"Wait, what?" Charlie exclaimed, making other students look at them. She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "What do you mean you got pregnant? What happened?"
Meanwhile, Dean was in his second period, flirting with the girl that sits in front of him. The girl was enthralled by Dean.
After they finished eating, Cas cleaned the kitchen while Dean sat in the living room, watching tv. The omega dried the last plate before going over to Dean and sat on his lap. Dean ended up falling asleep, sitting on the couch. Cas chuckled, waking the alpha up to go to bed.
After taking a shower and getting dressed, the newlyweds walked around, holding hands, trying to find a restaurant. A little café came into view about a few blocks away from their hotel. Cas pulled Dean along to go inside. He picked a small table by the window and waited for someone to take their order.
Cas clenched around Dean, finally coming in thick white ropes, his mouth hanging open in pure ecstacy. The alpha held onto the omega as he spasmed from his intense orgasm. Dean continued to slam his hips forward, his knot swelling quickly. With a few more thrusts, the two locked together, Dean coming inside his omega, painting his insides. He held himself up long enough to get them both into bed, Cas laying on top of the alpha's chest, as he continued to come inside Cas.
"This is the first Thanksgiving that I didn't have dinner with them. I'm just upset about the whole situation."
Dean nodded. The omega smiled and took Claire back in the rink. Cas joined Anna and Charlie. Claire laughed as Charlie spun around with her. Dean watched the joy on Claire's face.
After Cas got out of the shower, he headed to the bedroom to find something to wear. He decided on a blue and white sweater, that looked a size too big, with black jeans. He looked at himself in the mirror of the vanity, trying to tame his hair.
Cas gave her one last kiss before handing her to Mary. The couple waved back at Claire then left the party, walking hand in hand to the impala.
"I was just thinking. Plus, we went to sleep early, so I wasn't tired enough to go back to bed," Dean replied.
Of course Dean knew. That's the reason Dean signed up in the first place. He wanted to help fight to keep everyone here as safe as he could. He was ready for it.
They finally pulled away breathlessly, their lips still brushing together. Cas smiled a little, wiping the tears away from Dean's eyes. The alpha did the same to his fiancé.
He arrived at the Winchester house, knocking on the front door. His mom answered the door in her robe. Dean didn't realize it was after 10. He felt a little bad for waking up his mom.
Sam noticed where Dean was looking and quickly felt embarrassed. "Oh, Dean, you remember Cas, right?"
Both Winchesters squared each other up on either side of the kitchen island. Sam ran past Dean towards the front door, Dean hot on his heels.
Dean helped Cas stand up and wipe the rest of the come off his face. "Have I told you how amazing you are?"
"I know you are, Dean," Cas said, getting into bed. "And I really appreciate you trying. As long as you do it outside, that's fine."
"Hey, you two." Their friend Meg sauntered over, smiling. "I didn't see you yesterday. I was looking for both of you."
They were off to Dean's apartment. They drove in comfortable silence, occasionally looking at one another, smiling. Cas' stomach was full of butterflies. He felt just like he did in high school when they went on their first date. A part of him did feel scared and guarded though. He still had the fear of Dean leaving again. Whatever comes of this date, the omega isn't going to fall too hard this time.
"No, actually. It's just me here. They went down to visit my uncle and aunt," the older Winchester said, leading Cas to the living room.
Cas got off of Dean's lap, both of them walking to their bedroom. Dean flopped on the bed, breathing a sigh of relief. Cas got on the bed and straddled Dean's hips, kissing the alpha roughly.
"You haven't even started working and you're already insulting the boss? Tsk tsk. I should reprimand you when we get home."
"I put some leftover lasagna in a container for you to take for lunch," Cas yelled from the bedroom.
"I don't care," Cas snapped, tears welling up in his eyes. "They kicked me out knowing I was pregnant. What kind of family does that? For all they know, I could be living on the streets."
Cas came so hard he thought he was going to blackout, his orgasm tearing through him. He collapsed on Dean's chest, come and sweat sticking the both of them together. Cas twitched every so often, still coming down from his amazing orgasm. They both stayed there, trying the catch their breath, both still on cloud 9.
Cas danced and cleaned, happily. He wanted Dean to come back to a nice, fresh smelling, clean home. He grabbed the mop from the broom closet to start washing the floors when there was a knock at the front door. He quickly turned the music off and answered the door.
"You two need to get your own apartment," the younger Winchester mumbled before walking into the restroom.
Everyone clapped when an alpha student and an omega student walked on stage. The omega went first with his speech. His speech went on for 15 minutes.
Cas led Dean to the kitchen where Meg, Mick, and Balthazar were. They had shot glasses in front of them, one waiting for Cas. The omega excitedly downed the shot and poured one for Dean. The alpha was hesitant, but took it anyway. He had a higher tolerance for alcohol than the teens.
Everything was going great, until Ruby suggested strip poker. Cas wouldn't have minded too much if Alastair wasn't staring at him constantly. But on the other hand, he knew Dean wouldn't let anything happen to him.
When Cas was finally successful in getting his drunk boyfriend in bed, he decided to put his pjs on and get in bed too.
"Gabe, I love you," Cas said, gripping both of his brothers shoulders, looking him in the eyes. "I really do. And you were more of a father to me than dad was, but I need you to loosen your reigns. I'm 22. I'm not a kid. I can handle this stuff. If anything bad happens, it's on me. I'll take the blow and try to move on. But it's my mistake to make."
Samandrial and Hannah slowed down and gently hugged Cas. Dean kneeled down so the youngest Novaks could attack him with a hug.
Cas looked at the clock and fake yawned. "Well, it's already 10:30. I guess we should go to sleep to get rid of the jet lag."
Cas stood there, absorbing what was being said. He was trying to put all the puzzle pieces together, but he couldn't. His mind was racing. He walked outside to calm himself and try to process. He sat on one of the front steps.
Finally, Dean bottomed out, feeling how tight Cas still was. He waited a few seconds before pulling out to slam back in. Cas breathed out a broken moan, meeting Dean's thrust.
Cas nodded, his expression growing dim knowing he won't be having Thanksgiving dinner with his family this year. Gabriel invited both Dean and the omega, but Cas knew if their parents really wanted Dean and Cas there, they would have called.
"Yes. It's been so tiring. But my due date is getting closer and closer and it's kinda freaking me out," Gilda admitted.
Dean noticed how shy Cas was. He thought it was cute. He wanted to keep talking to the beautiful boy. Dean knew it was kinda wrong, but all he really wanted was to get in Cas' pants.
Dean lit a cigarette for himself, leaning back in his chair. "You don't seem to be doing too bad for yourself."
Cas shook his head, trying to fake a smile. He started packing his stuff away. "Again, it's a long story."
The oldest Winchester wrapped his arm around Cas' waist, kissing his temple. The omega smiled, leaning into Dean.
"It's a two way street, Cas. I'm trying, but it's obvious your family, especially your mom, doesn't like me. She called me a loser."
Dean hesitantly followed the nurse back to the front desk. The omega handed him the clipboard again and sat behind the computer. Dean looked at the papers and sighed.
Once the omega was fully seated, he started rolling his hips, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck. "I love you, alpha."
When the evening came, they went back to their hotel and started changing to go to a nice restaurant for dinner. Cas was still in the bathroom while Dean finished putting his boots on.
"I feel fancy. I wished I dressed nicer though," Charlie laughed, looking down at her tshirt and blazer.
Cas nodded, hugging his younger brother and sister and Gabriel. The youngest Novaks hugged Dean before following Gabriel back to their house.
They stayed there, waiting for the pup to move again. Dean felt nothing. His shoulders slumped in disappointment.
Before he got lost in his book, Cas looked over at the a small table away from the loud students. He saw Dean with a younger boy eating lunch. When Dean locked eyes with Cas, the blue eyed boy quickly looked away, staring at his book, his cheeks tinted red from embarrassment.
"I love you so damn much, Cas. I've never been this happy in my entire life. I never want to lose you."
Dean hiked Cas up, the omega wrapping his legs around his waist. Cas kissed Dean roughly, holding his face while the alpha squeezed at his boyfriend's ass. Dean laid them back in the bed, hovering over Cas. The pregnant omega moaned through the kiss. Once Dean started kissing Cas' neck, the young boy turned to putty.
They ate and caught up on everything going on. Mary started her rambling about Sam and Eileen getting married there, at home and not back in California.
"Too late for that, asshole." Dean grabbed the front of Dick's button up, bringing him closer. "Don't ever touch him again."
Finally bottoming out, both of the boys moaned with the pleasure. Dean pulled almost all the way out before slamming back into Cas, pulling a loud broken moan from the omega.
Cas dug his fork in first, tasting the perfectly moist and sweet cake. It was Dean's turn to try. He was a bit more hesitant about it.
"What's a matter omega? Don't like the affections of an alpha?" Dick said, wrapping his arm around Cas' waist.
The two of them were entangled together. They didn't leave space between them, just skin sliding on skin. Everything felt amazing. Cas could practically feel all the love Dean was radiating. It felt so good to be feeling that again.
Before they walked off, the older alpha looked back at Dick and growled. "If you ever touch him again, I'll rip your throat out. I don't care if I get thrown in jail."
Cas shook off the fog clouding his brain from his omega instincts. He cupped Dean's face in his hands. "Yes, Dean. I really want this. I've never wanted anything more in my life. I love you so much and I want us to be permanant."
Dean chuckled, kissing his boyfriend's head. "Don't pout. Just remember, we'll be moving into our new apartment this weekend."
"Oh my god," Cas cried, wiping his tears with the back of his hands. "I can't believe this. We're gonna have a beautiful girl."
Cas shivered and did as he was told, getting on all fours, his head bowed and ass pushed up, presenting to the alpha. Dean's eyes flashed alpha red seeing Cas submit to him. He pushed up the bottom of the babydoll Cas was wearing to grab the round globes of the omega's ass.
"That's very sweet of you, Dean," Mary put in, smiling at her son's kindness. "It's always good to prepare yourself."
Dean nodded, drawing circles into the omega's skin. "Do you find it weird that I've know you since you were a kid and now we're here sleeping together? 10 years is a pretty big gap."
"But..." Dean trailed off, not comprehending what is happening. "He can't be pregnant. He hasn't gone in heat."
Before he knew it, Cas was on his back, legs spread open. He looked up at the lust filled eyes of his alpha, sending a shiver down his spine. Dean positioned himself, his cock poking at Cas' entrance. The alpha pushed in slowly, the omega's panties still pushed to the side. He watched as his cock disappeared into Cas, finally bottoming out.
Cas had not been to school for a couple of days. Dean was getting worried. He's been texting and calling the omega, but all he gets is his voicemail and one text that said 'I'm fine.'
"I wish the principal would do more with that group of trouble makers," the nurse muttered, shaking her head. "Okay, you're all done. Just hold this ice pack to your eye."
"Thanks, mom," Dean chuckled, reaching out to grab Claire. "Hey, sweetheart. You look so adorable. Are you ready to be a flower girl with Hannah?"
"Well, first off, these are for you." Gadreel pulled a small bouquet of flowers from behind his back. "I met your red headed friend. Charlie I think she said."
They said their goodbyes before Dean left with Sam and Cas. The oldest Winchester drove back to Ellen's house, excited about Cas coming over. He knew he was gonna get laid. He's been trying for weeks to get in Cas' pants. Cas was too shy. Dean knew Cas had to be a virgin. He was just proud to finally get Cas alone.
Luckily, Luke calmed down and was now looking up at Dean with big light brown eyes. Dean couldn't help but smile, his mind wondering to the thought of holding his and Cas' pup in about a couple of months.
"Because you were scared I would toss you out and leave you on your own?" Dean asked, already knowing the answer.
"We already agreed, you're going to leave all the last minute details for them. Everything is basically taken care of. Our moms can handle it. I don't want you stressing out."
"You didn't think I was scared?! I was 16 years old! It was terrifying. Did you even think about what I would go through?" Cas yelled, tears spilling down his cheeks. "Do you know what happened when my dad found out? He was going to force me to have an abortion. My brothers and sisters had to protect me because my dad is an asshole. But did you even think of the consequences that I had to deal with?"
After trying on a few suits, Dean settled with a dark blue suit with a light blue tie. He stood still as the tailor got his measurements to make his suit fit perfect.
"Well, I'm proud of you. I wanted everyone to know that the beautiful omega walking the stage was mine," Dean replied.
"Jeez, Cas. I can hear you thinking," Charlie joked, sitting on the omega's bed while he tried on another outfit. "Don't be nervous. And definitely don't over think whatever this may or may not become."
Dean started thrusting shallowly, teasing Cas with every gentle push and pull of his alpha cock going in and out of him. Cas' insides were burning, wanting and needing more friction. He pushed his ass back to give Dean the hint to go faster.
Dean was on his lunch break, eating at a diner with Bobby and John. They were talking about expanding their stores and maybe having Dean manage one of his own. Dean had explained to them that he was still debating whether he wanted to go back into the army or not.
Once Sam found out where the voice was coming from, he ran over to the scene. He barely saw what was going on before tackling Dick to the ground. Cas quickly got up, moving away from the two alphas on the floor. When Sam started throwing a few punches, Cas quickly went over to pull Sam off.
"I do, but I wanna make sure this is what you really want. Once you claim me, that's it, we're stuck together. Breaking a bond is incredibly hard to do. I just wanna know if you're gonna be ready to have ruts now and having to leave me for a week when I go into heat since the suppresants won't work anymore."
The omega started kissing down Dean's chest till he was right above his underwear. Cas started to pull them down with his teeth, and Dean be damned if that didn't make his cock twitch in anticipation.
Cas suggested bringing dinner over since he figured Charlie and Gilda would be exhausted. With pizza, wings, and a liter of cola in hand, the couple rang the doorbell of their friend's medium sized house. Charlie came to the door, her red hair disheveled, dark circles forming under her eyes.
It came down to the last present. Cas was super curious and excited to see what was inside. Dean set down his coffee to watch his boyfriend. Cas unwrapped the box to reveal a plain white box.
Once the couple finished the shower, Dean pulled on his boxer briefs and wrapped Cas in the fluffy towel he loves.
"Dean, for the last time, she's fine," Cas answered, amused by the alpha's worry. "You can drive a little faster. A lady in an electric wheelchair passed by us."
A gurney was rushed over with a couple of other nurses. They helped Cas on the bed and started pushing him towards the emergency room. Dean tried to follow, but the omega nurse from the front desk stopped him.
Meg got up and stood in front of Cas, glaring at the alpha. The omega decided to softly push Meg out of the way so he could stare up at Dick.
"Come on, Cas. I'm sorry. Okay?" Dean apologized, following Cas. "I won't talk about it anymore. As long as you're happy about them being in your life again, then I'm happy too."
"Yeah. I decided to transfer here. I heard that this was a decent art school." Dean shrugged. "I'm kind of paying out of pocket."
After finishing the cigarette, he went back to sit next to Cas. The omega was helping Claire drink water from his glass.
The pace Cas kept was slow and sensual, not wanting to burn too much energy just yet. They moaned in each others mouths, their tongues wrestling for dominance.
Cas nodded and smiled a little. "Yes. I still don't think he's your actual son, but if you want to meet him, I'm onboard."
"Don't worry, sweetheart. I'm gonna be there with you. He wouldn't dare trying to do anything to you. I already beat the shit out of him that last time."
Dean chuckled, kissing the top of Cas' head. "You have weird cravings, but I'll get you what ever you want."
The coach called time out, getting all the players in a circle. Once they were set in a strategy, they broke apart and went back on field, with Dean now included.
"I'd like to welcome Mr. and Mr. Winchester to the dance floor for their first dance," the singer announced.
When the movie was over, Dean drove them to a crowded restaurant he made reservations for. Dean helped his pregnant omega out of the car. They walked hand in hand into the restaurant.
Another honk blasted at the impala, the fifth one since they left the hospital. Cas sat in the backseat, next to the carseat with Claire in it. He shook his head and rolled his eyes.
Throughout dinner, Dean noticed Cas looking at the couples dancing, smiling at the happy partners. When they finished their dinner, he stood up and held out his hand for Cas.
The Winchester's mother screamed with excitement. She got up and hugged Sam and Eileen. Dean had a proud smile on his face, joining his mother in hugging.
"Like you said, babe, this is our wedding. We should be able to do whatever we want," Dean insisted.
Later that night, Cas worked on his essay for English class in the couple's bedroom, while Dean was still in the pup's new room, cleaning up a bit. As Dean was moving some boxes to the hall closet, he saw a journal fall out of one. Curious, he picked it up and started flipping through it. It was Cas' old journal of his days as a high schooler. Dean chuckled reading some of the things Cas was writing, especially the parts that mentioned his huge crush on Dean.
"Dean, I will never forgive myself for cheating on you. It was a huge mistake. I can't tell you how sorry I am," Lisa pleaded, her brown eyes glazing over with tears.
Sam cut him off. "Cas, none of that is true. Not in the slightest. Dean is ready to get married to you. He told me he's never been more sure and that he's found the perfect omega."
The omega rolled his eyes and pulled Dean, by the belt on his jeans, towards him so he was standing in front of Cas.
Cas just nodded his head. Naomi sat at the head of the table on the left of Castiel, setting the bowl of salad down.
The thing is, Dean just knew his father would be back to get them to go to another town. Hunting was more important to John than his own children, or so Dean thought. The Winchester's father was obsessed with finding revenge for his wife.
The setting sun shines in the '67 Chevy Impala, waking the older Winchester brother. He blinked a few times to reevaluate where he was. Dean sat up straight in the back seat of the black car, stretching. His younger brother, Sam, was still asleep in the front seat, leaning against the passenger window, next to their father.
Once Cas was dressed, the couple walked to the living room where Michael was waiting. Cas went up and hugged Michael.
Dean rolled his eyes playfully. "I guess you can get it. My credit card is in my wallet on the dresser in the bedroon."
"Sorry, Cas, but I agree with Charlie." Balthazar shrugged. "We're juniors. Almost everyone I know are already mated."
"There's nothing going on. Like I've said before, I'm not ready to date," Cas huffed, drinking from his beer.
Claire's face brightened as she ran off to her parent's room with Jack running after. Cas followed them and pretended to search the bedroom with the kids.
"How many times do I have to tell you, Dean? Nothing is going to happen between Mick and me. I don't like him in that way."
"I mean, yeah," Cas shrugged. "It'll take a lot of pressure off of me. I think it'll help us out if my mom took over."
Dean walked into the bedroom to see Cas typing fast on his phone while laying back on the bed, his legs bent and spread open, showing off his underwear. The alpha licked his lips, blood rushing to his crotch. He shook his head, trying to focus on getting undressed first.
"Of course I kept the baby. I'm not going to abandon my child like some cowardly alphas do," Cas retorted.
"Your favorite," Dean said, opening the lid of the box. "Organic blueberry muffins. They're fresh too."
Knocking on the door woke Dean up abruptly. He sat up and looked at the alarm clock. It was fifteen till 1. The alpha groaned, rubbing the sleepy dust out of his eyes as he grumbled getting out of bed. More knocks came.
It was a particularly hot day and Cas decided to wear a long, flowy, sunflower sundress and put Claire in a matching one. Dean watched his fiancé walk in the kitchen with their daughter, admiring both of them.
I'm probably going to be skipping chunks to further the story, so I hope it doesn't come out too bad.
Cas started crying, looking at how beautiful their daughter was and much she looked like Dean with the omega's blue eyes.
The young omega straightened up, swallowing. "I, uh, I'm really not sure. I just took a pregnancy test this weekend."
"No. You're my alpha. You're the one I want to be with forever. You're perfect, Dean. Please stop thinking you're a bad alpha."
"You're never going to lose me, Dean," Cas whispered, cuddling more into his alpha. "I love you so much too."
"Did you eat? Do you know where your classes are? You still have your emergency credit card, right?" Gabriel rambled on.
The omega hesitated, but eventually turned around to walk back towards the door. "Fine. Five minutes."
"You never told me that," Cas pointed out. "All this time you never mentioned Lisa or even having been in a relationship prior to what we did the night you came back from training."
Cas started feeding Claire. "I'd love to, but there's still last minute things our moms need help doing for the wedding."
The omega came with a cry. Dean's knot popped in and out until it tied them together, the alpha painting Cas' insides white.
Dean walked in and saw how messy and lived in the hotel room looked. How long has Lisa been staying here? He saw a boy on one of the twin beds, drawing and coloring. The boy couldn't be older than 4.
After the alarm went off, Cas took a shower and got dressed. He grabbed a bowl of cereal while he waited for Meg to pick him up. He started thinking about Dean working so much. Cas felt like he was the reason Dean picked up extra shifts. With Dean buying him stuff and the engagement ring, the money was dwindling down.
Cas' heart sank, his mind going back to Mick. He started feeling guilty. Dean went through all this trouble to show Cas how much he loves him and Cas can't even tell a cute alpha he's already taken after getting kissed by said cute alpha.
"Stupid Dick Roman harassed me. He thought he could just use me as some kind of sex toy. But Sam came and scared him away," the omega explained, still not looking at Dean.
They were set to leave Friday morning. The alarm clock went off at 6 in the morning, waking Dean. The alpha sighed, stretching his muscles, before starting to kiss the back of Cas' neck.
Cas want sure if it was the alcohol or just pure courage, but here he was kissing Gadreel on the first date.
The couple, along with Claire in a stroller, met up with Naomi at a high end venue they have set for the reception. The place wasn't as big as it looked in the pamphlet, but it was still pretty big. The outside had a few columns, each chiseled intractely, and a row of large windows on either side of the arch way leading to the front door of the venue. On top had a dome-like roof and a big marble fountain sat up front with cherubs spitting out water. The place even had a valet service.
Cas smiled up at Dean, leaning up to kiss his jaw. They walked back to Dean's room, as Sam was walking out of his.
Dean woke up about a couple of hours later, noticing that he was still inside Cas. He pulled his now soft cock out, earning a whine from his sleeping husband. He saw the bite he made on Cas' neck, purpleish red and still a little bloody. His heart swelled realizing that they're officially mated. Cas' scent smelled stronger than before and he could smell his own scent mixed in with the omega's. Dean could even see an aura around the omega, a mix of pink and blue.
It was the last period of the day. Cas was jotting some notes down, listening to the teacher speak until Meg started lightly kicking Cas chair, trying to get his attention.
The older Novak started to close the door, but, yet again, Dean stopped it with his foot. Gabe groaned in frustration.
After about ten minutes, Dr. Bloom came back in to deliver the pup. Dean was anxious and nervous. He couldn't wait to see his pup. Cas started screaming with pain, Dean right by his side. There were nurses all around to get ready to check and clean the pup up.
"You know why, Cas," Gabe started, sitting next to Cas. "Dad wanted us to have a fresh start after mom."
"Good." Dean sighed, relief washing over him when the smell of fear started disappearing. "I'm gonna go call Bobby and tell him I'm not able to come back in then I'll come lay with you."
Suddenly, Dean's phone started ringing. The alpha grabbed it from the nightstand, checking the caller ID.
Cas got flustered, not knowing how to answer. Claire has never asked about her other father. Cas tried to stay away from the topic. He even stayed away from romantic movies when he would watch with Claire.
"No, you idiot," Cas joked, rolling his eyes. "I'm not letting you get thrown in jail. But I promise you, it'll never happen again."
The young omega woke up sprawled over Dean, both still naked from the night before. He blinked a few times, letting his eyes adjust to the sunlight coming in.
"Of course. I know you're having problems with your family, but we're here as your second family," Mary told him.
The alpha pulled on a gray Henley, tossing a pair of sweatpants to Cas. The young omega quickly got dressed before following Dean down the stairs to the dining room. Dean pulled out a chair for Cas before taking a seat next to him.
When the game finally started, Charlie was holding up a sign that said, "Go Benny. Go Dean," while Cas and Sam just cheered anytime they made a touchdown.
It was time to face his parents. Cas turned to look at them, arms crossed over his chest. He waited for them to talk first. Cas had nothing good to say to them at the moment.
Dean got up quickly, pushing Cas back into the changing room. Cas only yelped out from the sudden action before Dean's lips were on his. The alpha grabbed at the globes of flesh of his mate, lifting him to wrap his legs around his waist. Cas took the hint, kissing back and immediately letting Dean explore his mouth.
The alpha delved into his boyfriend's ass, plunging his tongue inside, tasting the sweet, delicious slick of the omega. Cas hissed at the feeling of Dean's beard rubbing against his sensitive skin.
Cas did just that. He took the top off to show red tissue paper lining the box, a smaller box in the center, with a diamond ring sitting on top. Cas thought his heart stopped. He felt everything around him slow down as he stared at the ring for what felt like hours. He looked up from the box and saw Dean on one knee in front of him.
Cas turned from Charlie to order his and Charlie's coffee. They walked on the other side of the counter to wait.
"I keep in contact with my conquests. Well, some of them. I mean, I'm a nice guy." Balthazar looked back and forth from Cas and Charlie for approval.
Cas smiled, hugging his parents. "Thank you both so much. I don't want you to miss out on my life. And thanks for coming."
Dean hugged him back, rubbing his hip. "Tessa is gonna call me tomorrow morning if we got it or not."
Dean couldn't help but smile at how adorable Cas looked. He pulled the omega into a hug. Cas hugged him back, taking in Dean's scent.
Dean got into bed next to Cas, pulling him close. "I'm still going to try quitting. For you. And for this precious pup," the alpha added, lifting Cas' sweater up to kiss his boyfriend's swollen stomach.
Cas crashed his lips against Dean's, forcing the older Winchester to fall back on the couch with the omega on top of him. Dean forced himself to pull away. He should not be kissing his brother's best friend.
"I already have a family, Lisa. And a wonderful omega that I'm going to marry soon," Dean growled quietly. "Look, maybe we can make an arrangement where Ben can stay over with me on the weekends."
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, I guess both. I mean, if you're willing to. I would understand if-"
"Castiel," Naomi groaned, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I can't do that. We sent all the invitations months ago. Over half the guest list rsvped. Now you want to tell people not to come? That's ridiculous."
"If we get caught once again, I'm not sleeping with you for a week," Cas said in defeat, knowing he wants his alpha just as bad.
Everyone was quiet, the two small Novaks played with their toys. Naomi and Chuck were arguing. Everybody heard it coming from the kitchen. Cas and Dean looked at each other. The alpha could smell the nervousness in Cas' scent.
It was Cas' turn and he was getting really nervous. What if he trips on stage? What if he embarrassed himself? The principal called his name and he hesitantly walked on stage, making sure he wouldn't trip over himself or his gown.
Cas chuckled and got up to slide in the booth, sitting next to Dean. He kissed the alpha's cheek, smiling at him.
After a shower, Dean and Cas started getting dressed. The omega was putting on a mid sleeved, cold shoulder, red dress with fishnet tights with black flowers on them.
A knock on the door interrupted their decorating. Dean went over to open the door while Cas continued decorating. He figured it was one of the neighbors asking for help. Dean has made himself known as a handyman for their whole floor.
Gadreel and Cas ate dinner and continued to get to know each other. Any of the fear Cas had was completely gone.
Gabe hugged his brother. "I know, Cas. I know. But we'll make memories in this house. Besides, maybe you'll make some friends at this school."
"It's it nice to see everyone here," Chuck said, side eyeing Cas. "Now that we're all here, let please grab hands for grace."
"What the fuck?" Dean grabbed whatever was thrown and saw that it was a pregnancy test. He looked out the window to see Gabriel looking up. "Gabe? What the hell, dude?"
While they watched tv, Cas was drawing on his sketchpad. He looked over at Dean to get a reference to draw. Cas was interrupted by his phone going off. He looked at his phone to see a text from Meg.
Cas walked over to the closet, looking through Dean's shirts, picking a nice, dark blue button up. "Here."
Cas got up to grab the journal, but Dean held it up in the air. The omega was on his tip toes, trying to grab at the notebook all while Dean laughed.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Gadreel shook his head at his assumption.  "It's just, I've seen you two together. I thought maybe...," he trailed off.
Cas leaned into the touch. "I'm really good. For the first time, in a very long time, I'm actually completely happy with my life."
Cas studied the alpha's face. He's going to feel like a complete and utter idiot if he's wrong, but he believes Dean. Does he believe because he's still in love with Dean and doesn't want to see him with another omega? Maybe. Is it because he doesn't want to think of Dean leaving him high and dry again so he's in denial? Possibly.
Back at home, Cas angrily walked into the apartment and put Claire down for a nap. Dean sighed, walking to the living room, flopping on the couch, his mind racing.
"Thanks, Sammy." Dean ruffled Sam's hair. "I think we should start heading home. You're coming, right, Cas?"
The alpha didn't care how many times Lisa apologized, he wouldn't forgive her. Deep down, of course, he still had some feelings for her. Lisa was his first actual long term relationship. Lisa ruined it by being unfaithful. He wouldn't just forgive and forget.
The four strangers packed back into their truck and backed out of that place pretty quickly. Dean chuckled, looking back at Cas.
Dean chuckled, nosing at Cas' cheek, kissing him. "If I ever hurt you, I give you permission to kick my ass."
"Yes, we did," Cas answered, kneeling next to Claire. "Hey, honeybee. Did you have fun with your uncles?"
The burn of acid hit the back of Cas' throat. He was going to be sick. He pushed open a stall door, collapsing in front of the toilet. He gagged for a minute or two, but ultimately didn't throw up. That's when the tears started. He moved away from the toilet and sat with his back to the wall. He hugged his knees and started sobbing.
"No, it's okay." Cas smiled, folding his napkin in his lap. "This is really nice. Now I don't have to look through this whole menu."
It wasn't until the front door closed that Cas realized he fell asleep in the bathtub. He sat straight up, listening for footsteps.
"I know. But I'm scared of you not coming home. I'm scared of you coming home not yourself anymore. I'm not gonna stop you, but I'm just scared," Cas blurted.
"Thank you for buying the medicine for her." the omega looked away. "I was too terrified and angry to go back and grab what I needed."
Dean walked over, sitting next to Cas. The omega kissed Dean softly, wrapping his arms around the alpha's neck. Dean rested his hand on Cas' waist.
"You had reassured me so much back then too," Cas argued. "Why should I believe you now? I don't want my heart broken again."
"I know, but that doesn't seem good. At the baby classes, they said there should be no more morning sickness. I'm just worried if something wrong with the pup," Dean fretted.
The beta rolled her eyes, shaking her head. "No. My roommate decided to bring her 'boyfriend' over while I was finishing my last class. I walked in, and let me tell you, I have that image seared in my brain."
Cas shed himself of his coat, replacing it with Dean's leather one. The omega felt like he was swimming in it, but his boyfriend was right, it was a lot warmer than his tan coat. Plus, it smelled just like his alpha.
Later that night, Dean put Claire down for the night before washing the dishes from dinner. Cas walked over, fresh out of the shower, and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, laying his head on the alpha's back.
"Dean," Cas whined, pulling away from his boyfriend. "You know I have a huge essay to finish. Did you even think of asking me first?"
Soon, Dean's knot caught on Cas' sensitive rim, coming loads into his fiancé. Before he collapsed on his pregnant omega, Dean laid them on their sides until his knot goes down.
The omega walked up to Dean, hugging his side. "I can't believe this is our first Christmas together."
Once everyone was seated, Dean grabbed Cas' hand and cleared his throat loud enough for everyone to hear.
Later on, Cas convinced Dean to get back in the rink. Claire was happy about it. Dean let her hold his hand, even though he was getting better with his balance. He just loved spending time with his daughter. Cas raised her with such a big heart.
"Yeah, of course. It was no problem at all," Dean replied, rubbing the back of his neck. "Would it be okay if I asked for your number?"
"Come on, Cas. You know you can't stay inside for two weeks. Besides, we promised to take Claire ice skating."
"Cas, baby, I'm ready for all of this. I want this more than anything. I love you like crazy and I want to take this next step in our relationship."
Dean got up, not waiting for a response from Naomi, and walked outside. He decided to call his mom and tell her what was going on. He went ahead and finished the paperwork outside. He didn't want to see Cas' parents right now. He was more concerned about Cas. He didn't need to be fighting with Naomi when Cas was in the emergency.
"This year has been a great year for our students. We won the robotics competition, we won the football championship, and our wonderful band won the band competition. Our homecoming and prom were great successes," the principal started. "Our administration was proud of our students. Especially since we actually have two valedictorians this year. So, let's get them up here to read their speeches."
The omega turned to start walking away, trying to hide the pain on his face. Dean jogged to catch up with his roommate, putting a gentle hand on his shoulder.
"Well, for one, you need ice skates," Cas answered, grabbing Dean's hand and walked over to the skate rental place.
"I know. You're right. It's just, I wanna make sure I'm taking care of you properly. I'm supposed to make you happy and comfortable," Cas explained.
"I'm so sorry, Cas." Dean picked the omega up bridal style, taking him inside. "It's okay, I'm here."
"You can still see the penis my brother drew on my forehead in my freshman picture." The alpha laughed. "The worst was, he did it the night before, so I scrubbed my forehead all morning."
Once the family got home, Cas put Claire down for a nap then joined Dean in the living room. Cas brought a binder full of papers with him, sitting on the floor and using the coffee table to work on.
"I can't stay, baby," Dean told him, grabbing one of his old t-shirts and helping Cas put it on. "I need to go back to work then I have to meet with Tessa to finalize everything for our apartment."
"She's fine, Dean," Cas sighed. "You need to calm down. I know the alpha in you needs to protect and worry a lot, but she's okay. Now, can you do me a favor and move the crib into our room?"
"I was thinking we could go early, maybe spend a couple of nights in a hotel. I still got those coupons for a free night. I mean, they live in a different town. I think it'll be nice," Dean added.
Once Cas finished putting away the clothes and making their new bedroom look nice, he decided to change into one of Dean's shirt and a pair of his lacy panties.
"Well, you remember the student council fundraiser that let people buy flowers for whoever they wanted for Valentine's Day?" Sam asked.
The younger boy smiled a little, grabbing the pregnancy test before walking out the door. Dean sighed, running a hand through his hair and grabbing his pack of cigarettes from his jacket pocket. He walked over to his window, opening it and lighting a cigarette.
Cas obliged, quickly doing what Dean said. Dean yanked down his boyfriend's cotton panties, slapping the globe of his ass. Cas gasped, jerking forward. The next smack drew a mewl from the omega.
The omega smiled slyly and winked at him before turning around and walking off. Dean blew out a frustrated breath and walked back towards the reception, stopping short when he saw one of the waiters smoking a cigarette.
"Hey, I'm getting older," Dean said, shrugging. "I need to settle down. I'm not in high school anymore."
As the alpha was grabbing medicine and a few bottles of ginger ale and carbonated waters, he passed by the condom, lube, and pregnancy test section.
Cas slipped on his dress, a powder blue, fitted, off shoulder, knee length maternity dress with a thin belt that tied into a bow above his stomach.
The alpha sighed. "I'm just a little scared. And not that I don't want you or our pup, it's just, I'm afraid I'm going to scew this up."
"You're too young to understand this. He took advantage of you being an impressionable, naive, pure omega."
"Oh my god, that sounded bad. I didn't mean it in that way. I was just joking," Cas rambled on, regretting even opening his mouth.
Samandriel joined Hannah in hugging Cas. The omega was happy to see his younger siblings. He hasn't seen any of his family since he moved in with Dean. Gabriel was the only one that called or texted Cas to see how he was feeling.
The two of them walked to their first period together. The second Cas walked in behind Sam, the students that were already seated in class stopped talking and stared at Cas.
"Mmm," Cas groaned. He turned to look at the clock to see the time. "Dean, it's 7 in the morning. Why are you waking me up so early?"
"No, I just like hanging around clowns on my spare time," Cas joked, giving the alpha a teasing smirk.
"Wait," Dean interrupted. "Maybe I can try. I might need a whole lot of booze, but if you really want to go to France for our honeymoon, then I can try."
Cas sobs started to quiet, his face still buried in Dean's chest. Dean opened the door to his bedroom and gently laid Cas on the bed.
Mick followed Cas to their classroom. Cas sat in his usual seat, offering Mick to sit next to him. The alpha took him up on the offer, smiling at Cas.
"Gross," Sam stated. "Dean, Cas, this is Eileen." He turned to the beta in question. "Eileen, this is my brother Dean and his boyfriend Cas," the younger Winchester said while signing to her.
The green eyed man chuckled, sliding his cock up and down Cas' crack, teasing the hole with the head of his dick, getting the omega's slick on him.
"She did?" Cas asked, his cheeks tinting red in embarrassment knowing his friend is pretty much pimping him out.
"That's good," the nurse said, relieved. "Well, I hope you'll be able to get some rest. Drink plenty of fluids."
The beta vice principal led the students in a line and motioned for them to sit on the chairs in the very front. Cas turned in his chair to find Dean and his older brothers. Michael and Gabriel were sitting next to the oldest Winchester. Cas waved and Dean and Michael waved back while Gabriel gave him two thumbs up. Then, Cas saw them. His parents sitting right next to his brothers. The happiness Cas felt now turned sour. What were they doing there? He didn't want to see them. He turned back around in his seat, not giving his parents any recognition.
They stayed there for about 20 minutes, enjoying the closeness and humming feeling of love radiating in their chests. Cas laid a kiss on Dean's temple, still petting him. This is what Cas loved the most. Being able to comfort and show Dean he loves him with kisses and touches made Cas happy. Dean was usually the one that's touchy and loving after sex, but even the alpha liked when Cas ran his fingers over him.
"So, after all those omegas and betas you messed around with, you finally settled down with this cute kid," Benny pointed out, lighting a cigarette.
Cas watched Gadreel walk away. Wearing a dumb smile, he walked in his dorm room, noticing his Dean was already gone. He remembered Dean telling him that he was going to his parent's house for the weekend.
"Where do you think I'm at?" Dean snapped before groaning when Cas started to bounce slowly, Dean's cock being massaged by Cas' inner walls. "Fucking Christ."
Dean was addicted to eating out Cas. He loved the taste of his slick. Whenever Cas wants it, Dean happily obliges. He would rather spend time pleasuring Cas than getting himself off.
"We need a gurney at the front desk. We have a pregnant omega in severe pain," the nurse announced into the intercom.
Once the husbands got in the car, they both sighed a breath of relief. They looked at each other and smiled widely. Cas surged forward, capturing Dean's lips. The alpha pulled his new husband as close as possible, deepening the kiss. Cas took the hint, opening his mouth to welcome Dean's tongue.
He made his way to the fountain in the center of campus. The water heaved different ways, making a intricate design.
After a while, Dean came back to their apartment, carrying snacks and their dinner. Cas grabbed a couple of bags to help Dean.
Dean walked back towards the bed, seeing Cas rubbing his eye with one hand while the other was holding his neck where the bite was.
The waiter nodded, handing him a cigarette and lighting it up for him. Dean took a long drag, blowing out the smoke with his anger. He tried relaxing and calming down before he went back inside. He didn't want Cas to smell his bitter scent.
After school, Cas walked out to the parking lot to find Dean waiting next to the impala. Cas smiled and rushed over, hugging Dean tightly.
The omega flinched. Cas was always scared when Dean got angry. He knew the alpha wouldn't do anything to him and it was rare that Dean ever got really angry, but when he did, Cas really didn't like it.
"I want to wait a while," Cas confessed, turning to face Dean. "This pregnancy was unexpected. I want to wait this time."
"Hey, sweetheart," Dean greeted softly, kneeling in front of the couch to look at Cas. "How are you feeling?"
Once he reached the Novak house, he noticed all the cars in the driveway. Cas knew his family was in there waiting.
Cas made his way to his bed, tossing his bag onto it before him. His emptied his bag on his bed, going through everything until he finally found the silver key on the bottom of all the contents.
Dean chuckled. "These were outside my door. My mom left them with a note saying to give these to you."
"He basically told me to keep my hands to myself. He doesn't want me to pop your cherry so you can stay pure for the alpha you're going to marry," Dean explained.
"I guess I can stay at my parent's house with Claire and you can stay here. My mom can watch Claire tomorrow night," Dean suggested.
Dick quickly let go of Cas, pretending to fix the omega's uniform blazer, keeping a tight fist holding him. "There you go, Cas. All fixed."
"Hey, I know it wasn't easy to come over this year," Gabriel told Cas. "You know, ever since you-know-who moved back in town."
Cas took two more shots before talking to his friends about college. Meg and Mick were going to the same university Cas will be at and Balthazar is going to wait a year before going to college. Dean stood there listening, an arm instinctively around Cas' waist, drinking beer with the teens.
Slowly, he pushed a finger in, watching the pleasure on the young omega's face. He easily pushing another finger in, pumping them in and out, stretching the rim.
The older Winchester did just that, helping Cas in the passenger side before getting into the driver's seat.
"What? No! That's not it at all," Dean quickly said. "I think you're ridiculously beautiful. I've been wanting to go further for a long time already."
"And after all this time, you finally decided to tell me you like me?" Dean asked, raising an eyebrow, a sly smile on his face.
"Shit," Dean cursed. "You haven't called me that in a long time. If I could, I would fuck you again right now."
Cas rubbed the back of his neck. "I technically didn't have a mate, just a very serious boyfriend. We dated all through high school and our freshman year of college. We wanted to mate, but...it's a long story."
"Baby, I know you don't want me to leave. I know you're scared, but it'll be okay. I'll be fine. You'll be fine. Besides, it might take awhile for them to call me to leave," Dean explained.
Friday night, Charlie helped Cas pick out a nice outfit for his date. Cas was a nervous wreck. He hasn't been on a date since his his freshman year in high school.
The next day, as the sun was just barely starting to set, Cas decided to finish his essay outside since it was warm, breezy, and partly cloudy. It was one of those days Castiel loves to be outside.
Cas groaned, sitting up, rubbing the back of his head, luckily not finding any blood or wound. Dean quickly helped him. The alpha sat next to him, pulling Cas into his arms, kissing the top of his head. Cas relaxed in the warmth of his boyfriend, sighing and starting to scent him.
Once Dean dropped Cas off at school, the pregnant omega made his way to his locker. He noticed the school was quieter than normal. He looked around to find students passing by whispering, glancing at Cas every so often. Did something happen that he didn't know about?
"Hey, sweetheart? Are you almost done?" Dean called out as he got in the fluffy, soft bed, leaning against the cushioned headboard.
Cas shook his head, wiping his tears. "No, I'm sorry. My hormones are all over the place. I didn't mean to get so mad. I would really like to meet your friend."
Dean heard Cas groan loudly out of frustration. The alpha went to the bedroom only to find his omega struggling to button his pants.
Dean turned to where the voice came from, noticing a hand holding out a green dragon-egg looking thing. Realization flashed across Dean's face as he looked at the person holding the odd looking vegetable.
"Good," Cas replied. "Now, that the subject of bachelor parties were brought up, were you going to have one?"
Dean rubs Cas' back. "I'm sorry. Hey, at least my family is like your new family. They love you. We'll wait till your family comes around."
"You're an angel, Cas," Charlie sighed in relief, letting them in. "Gilda, they brought sustenance."
"Nice to meet you, Dean." Cas smiled. "I'm sorry I picked my side of the room already. I didn't think I would get a roommate. I never got one the past two years."
"Oh, he did? After I specifically told him not to? I think I'll just have to thank your uncle for that," Cas said innocently. "What did you think about my friend?"
"Fine," Dean sighed, pulling out of Cas and picking his sweatpants up. "How am I gonna answer the door with an erection?"
At lunch, Cas got his tray of food and sat on an empty bench under a tree. He looked around at all the different kids, laughing and talking to each other at their tables.
"I'm glad Dean finally found a nice omega to settle down with. When he dated other people, he never clicked with any of them. But I can see the chemistry between you two," Jo added, nudging Cas with her shoulder.
"I liked the second one, but there was a lot of work to be done. Plus, it was sorta noisy." Dean rested his arms behind his head.
Dean started focusing on Cas' scent. It was calming and soothing. Cas petted Dean's hair, trying to get him to relax. Soon, the alpha started to unclench and loosen up. He sat up and blew out a sigh.
The rest of the afternoon was spent opening presents and laughing and talking. All the alpha's even assembled some of the baby shower gifts to put in the pup's room. Cas didn't think he could ever be happier. Maybe when he holds his firstborn or gets married, he'd be happier, but right now, all he knew was that he was ecstatic.
"Where do you want the couch, Cas?" John asked, carrying the sofa into the new apartment with the help of Dean's uncle, Bobby.
Cas hung up with Dean, still sitting in the nurse's office. He grabbed his things, walking up to the nurse.
The door connecting the kitchen and the dining room swung open, Michael waltzing in holding to bowls.
"What?" Dean was confused as hell, still not understanding why this gorgeous 18 year old was coming on to him.
The alpha helped Cas out of bed. They went to the dining area to eat their dinner. Cas couldn't help but moan at how good the burger was. Dean thought it was adorable.
"Get another suit. This is an important meeting. We need to expand the business," John reminded him.
Cas bounced Claire in his arms. "I don't know. It's kind of hard to throw a good party when my friends and I aren't 21."
When Cas got home, he got undressed to one of Dean's t-shirts and underwear. He decided to do some homework while Dean was at work, but before he did that, he whipped up some dinner. While the chicken cooked in the oven, he went to the bedroom to do a little bit of homework.
The alpha chuckled, walking out of their bedroom. As he turned the corner, he was met with a figure in the hall.
"Did you call my brothers? And your parents?" Cas asked Dean, the contraction pain slowly calming down.
"Holy shit," Dean cursed out loud, closing the picture before anyone could see. "Um, I'll be right back."
Once Dean spotted his younger brother, they grabbed the last couple of things before they checked out and left.
Also, instead of using Google translate to write some of the dialogue in French later on in the chapter, I just put the dialogue that is meant to be spoken in French, in bold and italics. I didn't want to butcher anything.
The team ended up winning, with the help of Dean. The oldest Winchester finally got to play and was the best defensive player. Charlie, Sam, and Cas waited by the gym doors for Dean.
A waiter walked over with a chilled bottle of expensive wine, presenting it to the couple. Dean and Cas looked at each other, confused.
"Why the fuck would Gabriel think it was a good idea to throw it through the window?" The omega asked, dumbfounded. "I asked Gabe to buy me a pregnancy test, hoping you wouldn't find out."
"What was that? Turn it up?" Dean questioned, pretending he didn't hear Cas, clicking the remote to turn up the speed.
Deciding not to eat his lunch, Cas put the tray beside him and pulled out a book from his backpack, tuning out the world.
"She told me I should come talk to," the alpha said, shrugging, his hands in his pocket. "She said I should try asking you out to dinner this Friday."
The alpha gave Cas some juice while he grabbed a beer. He put everything they needed to make chicken salad sandwiches. Cas brought some chex mix too.
"I love you, too," Dean murmured quickly before hanging up. "So, um, do you know where the shower room is?"
"Really?" Sam raised an eyebrow. "The alpha that screwed anything with a pulse since he presented and loved being unattached is now ready to settle down?"
"What do you mean you can't play it?" Cas snapped over the phone. "You told me it would be no problem."
A few more thrusts and Cas came with a silent cry. Then just a few thrusts more, Dean's knot caught and he spilled come inside the omega. Cas breathed a sigh of relief for finally getting knotted after two months without sex.
When Cas hung up, he walked to the kitchen where all his siblings were, still wearing a huge smile and clutching his phone to his chest.
"Well, when Sam told me that you were seeing Cas again, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. I always felt guilty for not stopping your father forcing you to walk away from your omega and pup. I hoped somehow you two would get back together and be the family you should have been a long time ago," Mary explained.
Naomi moved out of the way. "Come in. We were just getting ready to say a prayer in the living roon."
He opened his locker, making sure to put his books in neatly, smiling at the picture of his youngest siblings and himself on the door.
Cas rolled his eyes. "Yes, just what I want. A frat boy. All of these college alphas just want someone to knot and alcohol to drink. They don't care about anything else."
Soon, any awkwardness that was between them, faded away. They talked and laughed about high school, drinking wine while they cooked. It felt normal. It felt like they never split.
"Maybe it will." The beta shrugged, being positive about the situation. "Maybe the date will go horribly. You could have a chance."
"Thank you, alpha," Cas said, smiling at the alpha from the reflection of the mirror. "I hope I'm not too dressed up or down to meet your friend."
He quickly walked to his room, trying to avoid his brothers and sisters. He closed the door and hesitantly sat on his bed to take his shoes off.
Once the nurses got the pregnant omega a wheelchair, they wheeled him to the birthing section of the hospital with Dean rushing behind them. Luckily, they were able to get a room pretty quickly. A couple of nurses helped Cas into the bed.
"I'm feeling good, actually.  I'm starting to feel the pup move a bit," Cas said, smiling, rubbing his stomach.
Adding a finger next to his tongue, the alpha started stretching Cas' hole, prepping him to take his knot.
Dean continued kissing every inch of Cas' skin that was exposed. The scent of omega arousal filled Dean's nose. The Winchester sped up his foreplay and took Cas' panties off and his own underwear.
The double doors opened to reveal Cas and Chuck standing there. All the guests turned to watch Cas. Dean's heart skipped a beat watching Cas slowly approach him. The alpha couldn't help the tears that started falling. Cas looked at Dean, standing there waiting for him. Cas felt like he just ate thousands of butterflies.
"I know, baby," Dean kissed the top of the omega's head. "but we're gonna have fun and relax. It's been pretty stressful these past couple of weeks."
"Oh my god," Cas squeaked out, pulling his legs up so his knees were by his chest. "Fuck, fuck, fuck."
Cas nodded, trusting Dean's words. The alpha placed a soft kiss on Cas' forehead before extending his hand for the omega to take.
Dean told Charlie to make sure to tell them when the new parents got home and settled in. So after Charlie and Gilda got back from the hospital and spent a couple of days settling in with their newborn, the beta texted Dean. The alpha and Cas paid them a visit.
Hi, everyone. I'm really sorry for the long hiatus. I'm trying to write more, but it's just been really busy lately.
No matter what, Dean has his family back and he'll always protect them. Nothing like this is ever going to happen again.
"Oh my god," The omega breathed out, moaning, grasping at the sheets as Dean continued to eat of the younger boy's ass out.
Cas smiled, kissing Dean again before walking to the bedroom. Dean cleaned the table, gathering the dishes, putting them in the sink to wash later. There was a few things to do before the couple went to the party. One of the things being picking up Cas' dress from the cleaners.
After making and eating dinner, Dean suggested watching a movie. Cas agreed so they cuddled on Dean's couch watching 'Always Be My Maybe.' Although, it really didn't matter what movie they were watching. After only a couple of minutes into the movie, Cas and Dean started making out. Of course, it got heated and it led to scattered clothes thrown around the living room. They didn't bother to move things to his bedroom, so they stayed on his couch.
"Oh. Really?" Gabe replied, sounding disappointed. "So you're spending Thanksgiving with Dean's family?"
Cas started slicking more in anticipation. Dean slowly dipped down to get a taste of Cas' slick. The omega gasped at the feeling.
Cas turned to look at Dean, trying to give him a convincing smile. "Really. It's okay. It's in the past for me. I'm moving on."
Dean halted his tickles, smiling. "Eat your burger, funny guy." He took a drink of his beer, looking through the channels.
Cas sighed, his head full of doubts. He knew he was over thinking it, but that's just how his mind coped with being nervous. He was sure Charlie was right. Everything will be fine.
The omega blushed at Dean's words. He pulled Dean down for another kiss, the alpha dominating it. Dean captured the moans coming from Cas.
"Dean, wait," Cas said, stopping Dean's thoughts. "What's going to happen if you get drafted to go to war?"
His thrust started shallow, taking it slow. Cas was making the prettiest noises, moaning and whimpering like he was a professional porn star. Cas turned back to kiss the alpha on the lips, licking into his mouth.
Dean sat by the windowsill, taking a drag from his cigarette, blowing the smoke out the open window. He bit at his fingernail, tapping the ashes in the ash tray next to him.
Once Cas put on his silver, glittery dress, he went to greet his friends. Of course, Meg was there and Gilda and Charlie showed up also. Some of the friends Cas made in college came; Kevin, an omega, Ruby, a beta, and Dumah, another omega.
Cas finished changing Claire's diaper and got her dressed in a pink dress with cherries printed on it. He brought her to the dining room where Dean was setting the breakfast down.
"Come on, Cas. Everyone knows you're pregnant with my pup," Dick said, caressing the omega's face with his finger.
He practically pulled the door off its hinges as he opened the door. There stood his tall, younger brother, holding a drink carrier with three cups, with his fiancée, holding a bakery box, by his side. Dean smiled brightly.
Cas sighed. "I know you're right, but I hate having to tell my mom. I mean, it would be cheaper if we had less guests. I also don't like my extended family, so I wouldn't mind taking them off the list."
Dean came out of the bathroom, drying his hands on his jeans. He almost ran into a couple making out right next to the bathroom door. He walked around, paying no mind, until an attractive beta stopped him in the hallway.
"Thank you again for helping us with the furniture. I really appreciate you giving us some of your old furniture," Cas said, helping the women.
Cas sobbed. "No, no, no, no, no. Dean, please. You didn't steal anything from me. I want you. I don't want to go through multiple relationships. I don't want heartbreaks. I don't want to experiment. I want you, Dean Winchester. Just you. Forever. For the rest of my life."
Soon, the owner came back with a tier of pies in her hand. She put it on the table in front of the couple.
Dean sighed. "I know. Maybe you were right about Lisa. She's just trying to win me back. I just thought it'd be nice to have a son too."
After finishing the paperwork, he went back inside to hand it in. The nurse took it and started typing on her computer again.
Cas smiled through the kiss, grabbing at the back of Dean's neck to deepen the kiss, tasting the cigarettes and mint of his nicotine gum that the alpha kept chewing even though it never worked.
"Um," Cas looked up at Sam, feeling a little guilty. "One was from Roman and the other was from, uh, Mick."
Dean pushed Cas against the wall roughly, their kiss never breaking. The alpha started kissing and lightly biting his way down Cas' neck until he reached the omega's nipples. Dean rolled the bud with his tongue, using his hand to pinch the other nipple.
Once Dean bandaged his finger, Cas couldn't help but smile, remembering at how sweet the Winchester always was.
Later that evening, Cas met up with Sam and Charlie already sitting in the bleachers, waiting for the game to start.
"No, it's fine," Cas said, putting his coat on. "I have to see what they have. She's allergic to certain ingredients."
Drinks were flowing and clothes were scattered around the floor. Dean was the only one that still had most of his clothes on. Cas, on the other hand wasn't very good at the card game.
"I know." Cas sighed. "It's hard, you know. My mom is very picky about my mate. I was lucky she approved of Inias. She prefers me being with an alpha rather than a beta, so when I brought Inias home, I was nervous."
"Really?" Dean asked, sighing with relief. "Oh my god. That was an amazing round of sex and I felt like shit feeling that way because I almost made you cry."
"I saw Dean's car in the driveway. I figured at least one of you were here," the alpha Novak told him.
"Yes, Anna, with jeans. It's a new trend," Cas retorted. "Claire, honey, can you go get all your stuff ready to take a bath? I'll be up in a sec."
"You little brat," Dean growled, noticing the omega's panties next to his clothes. "You did that on purpose."
The pregnant omega started tearing up. He went to the kitchen to finish dinner all the while crying. He walked back to their bedroom, laying down on the bed, crying, feeling like it's his fault that Dean is working so much now.
"He said he was going to his 'friend's' house," Dean said, doing quotation marks with his fingers. "Everyone knows Sam really likes that girl."
The alpha moved Cas to look at him. "You don't have to submit to me, baby boy. I'm not going to mark you until you tell me."
"We had memories with mom in that house. I wanted to stay there," Cas replied, tears welling in his eyes.
Dean and Cas worked 40 hours a week while Claire was in school and Jack was in daycare, so they didn't get to take time to play with their kids very often. Even on weekends, the couple was busy. Dean as the owner of a mechanic chain was always getting call after call about problems here and there. Cas being a 5th grade teacher meant his weekends were mostly filled with grading and weekly planning.
Dean chuckled, kissing the top of Cas' head as he passed by to grab a glass from the top cabinet. Cas grabbed a few waters and juices and put them in a small cooler.
you. I... I felt like you didn't want us or that I wasn't enough for you. But no matter how angry or hurt or sad I was, nothing ever changed the fact that my true feelings for you were always the same. I love you, Dean Winchester. For who you are now and back then."
Taken aback from the question, Cas coughed and threw up in the garbage can. "How did you know?" He asked, his face still in the bin.
"Although, this relationship isn't typical, that doesn't take away from the love these two have for each other. They have known each other since childhood and grew up together. It was just a matter of time until Castiel and Dean realized they were soulmates. Their loved bloomed and created a life in the form of their beautiful daughter. It's my honor to officiate the marriage of these two young men. Now, you two have written vows, am I right? Let's start with Castiel."
Dean decided to pour himself some whiskey while watching some kind of cowboy movie that interests him. He sat on the couch, his feet on the coffee table, relaxed, trying not to think of the discussion earlier.
"It's no problem. She's in good hands," Mary told them. "You two just have fun and relax and hopefully give me some more grandchildren."
Cas grabbed his bag from the trunk and went to change in the tent while Dean unpacked the rest of the stuff. The omega was shocked at how roomy the tent was. He was able to change into short lavender colored swimming shorts and a light pink tankini with blue and purple flowers.
"I'm sorry," the alpha replied, sitting next to Cas. "I seriously wish I could beat him to a pulp. I wish I could do more. I hate that you have to suffer and I can't do a damn thing."
"So, by now, everyone knows these two are obviously head over heels for each other," Sam started. "But, before they officially started dating, both of them were oblivious to the fact that they had a crush on each other. And Dean was pretty dumb for not seeing, plain as day, that Cas was in love with him from the day he moved in next door."
A few hours later, Dean got up to use the restroom and decided to sneak a cigarette on the balcony. He looked in on Cas to make sure he was still asleep before grabbing his jacket and walking to the balcony.
"Jack, no, no, no," Cas almost shouted, trying but failing at stopping the two year old from putting his syrup covered hands in his hair.
Once Dean started picking up the pace, Cas went from pouting to moaning. He wrapped his legs around Dean's waist, trying to pull Dean closer. Cas caught Dean in a sensual kiss. They grinded against each other, their bodies close and hot.
Dean licked the spot on Cas' neck where his mating mark would go, his knot starting to swell. Cas was basically putty in Dean's hands. The omega was fucked out, still moaning from the over stimulation.
"Happy Valentine's Day, my gorgeous fiancé. I'm grateful each and every day that I have you by my side. I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you and raise a beautiful baby girl together. You are the love of my life and I will be forever grateful for destiny bringing us together. I love you so damn much. I hope you have a great day. Love you always, Dean."
Once Gabriel left, Cas turned his lamp off and decided to cuddle Dean's pillow. His scent lingered on it and it helped Cas feel a little less lonely.
"I love you too," Dean responded, kissing the top of Cas' head again. "I promise nothing like this will happen to you ever again. I will always be here to protect you."
"I'll tell him in time. I'm just," the omega paused, letting out a shaky sigh. "I'm just afraid he won't want me. I really like him, Gabriel. I've liked him for a long time. If he doesn't like the idea of having pups with an 18 year old, all of this will be ruined."
The newly married couple took the elevator to the ground floor to go to the five star restaurant that was in the hotel. Dean pulled Cas close as possible, holding and squeezing his hand as they walked towards the restaurant. Cas was confused as to why Dean has become a lot more affectionate. Of course, the alpha has always been affectionate with Cas, but it has been through the roof lately.
"I can't say no to you," the alpha shrugged. "You always give me your puppy dog eyes just like Sammy used to."
They counted down till the clock struck midnight. Fireworks lit up the sky. So many beautiful colors exploding around.
As they ate dinner, Cas asked how Dean's day was. Dean talked about a customer with a really screwed up car and how one of his coworkers, Cain, fell asleep under a car he was working on.
The omega was too focused to noticed a figure walking towards him until the person sat besides him under the tree. He took his headphones off, looking next to him at the stranger.
"Cas," Gabriel groaned. "I don't want you to go through the same heartbreak. And its going to be worse if you drag Claire into this."
Cas just nodded, following the Brit. The omega's head was spinning. Why the fuck didn't he tell Mick anything? Why wasnt his mouth working? Why can't he use his words?
"I broke his nose and threw him out in the snow," Dean stated. "Now, we can have real fun without having to deal with that asshole. Like maybe, sex? By the fireplace?" He joked, trying to lighten the mood.
Cas snorted and walked to the kitchen to start on breakfast. Gabriel was on the sofa, flipping through the channels on TV. A minute later, Cas' ears perked up when he heard Claire starting to whine.
Cas pushed Claire, Dean following, to meet his mother at the front doors. Naomi waved them over. Even though it was hot, the Novak mother still wore an expensive pantsuit.
Cas bit his tongue, not wanting to start anything with his brother so early. He already knew there was going to be a big fight coming.
