Tony crossed his arms over his chest, the way he had seen Steve do so many times, he had nothing on Ross in terms of height or bulk, but he needed to show he wasn’t scared.
Steve had to survive. He would. He said he would, then they’d all leave. The whole family.
Steve was covered in blood, the back spray coating his face and beard and his hands were slick with both their blood as well. He looked like a nightmare and Rumlow was dead.
When Steve looked at him again his eyes were glassy, “No.”
Bucky had given him the schematics and plans for the cells in the early hours, barely saying a word to him as he dropped the plans at Tony’s feet along with another cup of coffee. Tony barely registered it until after Bucky had already gone. The steam rose from the cup invitingly and briefly Tony wondered if this was a peace offering. A thank you, maybe. He drained it in minutes and got back to work.
“Captain, you’re under arrest. Put your hands behind your head and stand down.” It was Fury’s voice through the crowd as he walked towards Steve with handcuffs.
Tony nodded, “I could have told you that. In fact, I think I did.”
"I'd die for you, Captain." Thor grinned, "But I'd rather join you in killing everyone else."
Tony let out a frustrated whine, hips rutting against him in such a brutal pace Steve wouldn’t be surprised to have bruising on his thigh tomorrow. His hands tested the restraints again, if he could get free then he could make Tony come but that wasn’t the purpose of the exercise he knew. Tony wanted him to watch, to see him coming apart and knowing Steve was all he was thinking about. This was about proving that he was Steve’s.
Steve smiled, "You die first."
Steve released his neck with a wet pop as he pulled back out.
It was in that moment Steve could almost believe Tony might love him too.
He didn’t want that for Tony. That torment. That fractured piece of your soul that could never repair itself. Steve had gotten better at killing because he had to, he was ordered to. Now, even though he could remember the names and the faces, he couldn’t see them when he closed his eyes anymore. He was also more scared of that than he was of the nightmares.
Steve’s work was incredible, that was Tony’s first thought as he flipped though the pages with an eagerness and awe that had his stomach curling tightly. He was right, that was his second thought as he took in the sketches of Brooklyn’s skyline in the first few pages. It was the same scene from the window, brought to life in pencils and shades of grey. As he flicked further through the pad, the subject matter changed. There were pictures of The Avengers now instead. One of Natasha mid ballet pose with her hands above her head, how Steve managed to capture the joy in her eyes using a pencil Tony would never understand. There was one of Bruce, brow furrowed in a frown as he did the morning crossword puzzle in the paper. One of Thor, all looming muscle yet a joyful face. The one of Bucky looking younger than Tony had ever seen him, happier than Tony had ever seen him and he wondered what had gone so wrong to turn him into the cold man Tony had met in this very house. Briefly, he realised that Natasha was right. Steve tried to keep hold of the good moments, he put them down in these pages so he couldn’t lose them, and he could remind himself that he deserved these moments. This happiness, however fleeting.
Tony whined, pushing his hips harder into Steve as he sped up his pace again. His hips were stuttering, and Steve could tell he was having trouble keeping a rhythm now, he was blindly grasping for the edge. He was falling short.
Anytime now, Rogers.
He texted back a quick ‘okay’, because he knew he had to and then he was excusing himself from the rest of the group to head to his office. The list could have waited until tomorrow, but Steve knew he would never be able to sleep whilst there was work to be done. Bucky gave him a raised eyebrow on his way out but otherwise he left without too much disruption, the team deserved a night off.
“See, you need me.”
Tony’s hips jerked against Steve’s fist, it was sudden and guttural when he came, spurts of his cum soaking into the sheets beneath him as his body clenched and wrung Steve’s orgasm out of him at the same time. Steve buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, beard scratching against his skin as he shuddered, pleasure pulsing through him as he rode out his high.
“Jury’s still out.” Tony admitted.
“Hydra made us, they fired. We fired back. We made a run for cover and Clint got hit. We found the base of operations though. Shipment yard, the old factory containers on the east side. Rumlow looks to be setting up shop.” Sam told them, wincing as Bruce felt around the wound on Clint’s side.
“Shhh.” Steve reminded him, rubbing against his prostrate firmly until Tony was throwing his head back against the table and squeezing against Steve’s fingers.
“Are you wearing a crop top?” Steve asked, his mouth forming words around the dryness of his throat.
“You’re family, aren’t you?” Natasha asked him, “You care about him?”
Sitwell was late.
“I need you to trust me.”
He was a sweaty exhausted heap beneath Steve and with a few more thrusts into the mattress Steve came as well, making a mess of the sheets and his stomach as his cum pooled beneath him. He rolled over, moving off the wet spot with a sly grin, a tight stomach, and Tony’s hand absently stroking his hair as Steve leaned his forehead against his hip.
Bucky sighed, turning in his seat slightly to get Tony’s attention, “You love him, right? Well, this is what you’re signing up for. He’s stubborn and overprotective and a pain in the ass but he’s also loyal and loving and supportive. He’ll go to war for you if you ask him.”
Steve saw everything Tony was, everything that made him into the person walking around today without even knowing the half of it. There was something in Steve, in the way he understood survival and the basic need to evolve in order to achieve it than spoke volumes to Tony.
Tony nodded, his fingers moving down over Steve’s hip and he felt the other man give a sharp intake of breath as Tony continued his journey down towards Steve’s hip. His fingers curled towards his inner thigh and Steve parted his legs slightly so Tony could find what he was looking for.
Rumlow knew he was working with Fury which meant Ross knew. Fury was in danger.
No one messed with his family, not even the police.
Steve nodded, “Anything for a friend, Congressman.”
Tony sighed, “What does this have to do with me?”
So this was his play, he didn’t want the cops to arrest Steve. He wanted to force Steve’s hand so he had no other choice but to go to Rumlow instead. It would make him easier to kill if he resigned himself to his fate to protect his family. Rumlow was relying on Steve’s instinct for wanting to go out in an honourable way for a mob boss, gunfire and blood, rather than rotting in a jail cell. It was smart. It’s a move Steve would have made himself if the options had been available.
“Maybe later,” Steve answered, “For now, he’s going to talk to me, aren’t you Sitwell?”
Peter saw him first, eyes growing wide as he took in Steve’s form. He knew who The Captain was, everyone in Brooklyn knew who The Captain was.
When it was done Pierce lay sweaty and pale on the ground, his hand a few centimetres away from his body. Blood was oozing out of the wound, marking the white snow red. The warmth of the liquid was melting the ice beneath it, making complex patterns as it spread wider beneath his arm.
Steve sighed, “Old army buddies. You?”
“It’s all falling apart. The Avengers, Brooklyn. Everything. We’ll have a gang war on the streets by Christmas and after that? We’ll be in jail or we’ll be dead. That’s why I didn’t tell you, that’s what I’m protecting you from. That’s what I’ve been protecting you from since that first body was found. That’s my job. My responsibility.” Steve snapped, running a hand through his hair.
“I’ll say I killed Ross, you shouldn’t have to….” Steve started, wanting to protect Tony from having to admit to it if he wasn’t ready.
Tony shot Steve a smile, “Yes, it is.” He was standing at Rhodey’s side now, but his eyes were fixed on Steve, “Have a nice life, Captain.” He said in a purr. Tony stayed just long enough to watch Steve swallow thickly and then he was gone.
As soon as he was at his desk with the list of names up on his laptop, Steve was in full Captain mode. He had a list of just under a hundred names to go through, but he was good at this. He knew army protocols and he knew a fair bit about the man he was looking for. He started off by crossing out anyone who returned home due to injury or medical issues, whoever was running Hydra had to convince them he would be able to take on Steve and win therefore he was probably in peak physical condition. He then removed the women from the list because Sitwell had told him he was a man. That left 61 names to sort through.
Steve smirked, “He’s an asshole.”
Steve nodded, "Okay. I can't make you sign them. But this is a onetime thing, once they're gone then they're gone."
Thor paid him no attention, “Captain, you have to come see this. Now.”
Tony lifted his chin higher, “I am. I won’t build you a damn thing. So, if you’re going to kill me, just do it already.”
“I’d love to pick your brain some time. Surely if we put our heads together, we could create something incredible.” Hammer was saying, eyes lighting up like Christmas. Was he flirting? Tony’s back was ramrod straight and Steve could tell by his shoulders he was uncomfortable.
“We had to make a choice, Steve. As soon as Bucky went after him, it was leave him there for Hydra to find or bring him back here where you might be able to get something from him. It was a reckless situation and not our style but maybe something good will come out of this. A name.” Natasha said.
Fury wasn’t done though and Steve was rather enjoying this, it had been a long time since anyone had managed to keep up with him, “But then there is still no trace of you anywhere and that doesn’t add up without being scrubbed from the record hard and no offence, I don’t think that’s your remit. So I got busy, I pulled army recruitment files from around the right time in Brooklyn and it took me days. Everything is online now, no one thinks to check the paperwork. I almost missed it myself, but there it is. Captain Steven G. Rogers of the US Army. Special Ops. Killed in Action four years ago and just like that I’m talking to a motherfucking ghost.”
Tony nodded, fingers tangling into Steve’s hair, “So kiss me, soldier.”
“What makes you think that?”
His fingers moved down, softly, barely grazed the skin, but he felt Steve freeze for a moment under his touch. They stopped just above Steve’s hip, tracing the jagged edge of skin there. Tony couldn’t see the scar, but he knew it was there. He’d seen it when they had sex, then again in the shower. It wasn’t big, a small line barely several centimetres across.
Those blue eyes, arctic blue, stood out amongst all the blood. He had a split lip, a bruised cheek and Tony didn’t even want to guess at how many other bruises and injuries were hiding under his clothes, “Tony.” Steve said softly, relief and recognition bringing him back to himself.
Ross was fuming in his seat next to Fury as Steve smiled, “What’s Hydra’s play?”
“How.” Tony pressed gently, fingers ghosting over the scar.
“Mistakes?” Tony questioned, “Mistakes are forgetting to come to a parents evening or forgetting to buy me a birthday present. Mistakes aren’t third degree burns or a black eye.” He sneered, heart beating wildly in his ribcage.
Bucky pushed against Steve’s arm, “I’m sure you’ll enjoy trying.” Steve quipped.
“He’ll probably be waiting.” Natasha remarked, “He knows you’ll want him to answer for what he did.”
Steve nodded, “I intend to.”
“He wouldn’t happen to be good-looking, sassy and dark haired?” Sam asked with a hint of teasing, “The guy from my bar?”
He laid back down, making Tony follow him so he was sprawled out on Steve’s chest as Steve reached into the beside drawer for the condom and lube he kept there. He rolled Tony over was he was on his side, facing away from Steve before Steve turned to spoon him, pressing his front against Tony’s back.
Steve frowned and looked down; the sketch was hardly his best work. A pair of eyes, round and deep and rich twinkling at him for the paper. Tony’s eyes. He shifted awkwardly in his chair, “Just doodling.”
Tony sighed, tucking the rag back into his pocket as his eyes found Steve’s, “Well, that’s a conversation I’m not looking toward to. You checking up on me?”
Tony nodded, “I’ll go to city hall to see T’Challa. You shouldn’t go anywhere near it. I’ll get the death certificate and see if he can pull the mission report from Afghanistan. It should be enough to slow Ross down, especially if he has a lead on Rumlow by then.”
Perhaps he’d met his match in Steve Rogers.
Everyone was waiting for him. A packed-out living room full of Steve’s family without their leader. It was an odd scene, there was a sombre tone to the air that didn’t work with the happy teasing family Tony knew them to be. Natasha ushered him further into the room, pressing him into a seat.
and that’s the way it’s staying. Any one of your guys come a foot past it and I’ll chop that foot off and send it back to you in a box.”
“Probably.” Steve admitted, taking another large gulp of his drink. He shouldn’t care about what Tony thought about him. He was who he was and it served him well so far. It didn’t matter what a mechanic thought. Even if he did have those eyes that drove Steve crazy and a quick wit that left him reeling.
“Do you want to kill Rumlow?” Thor asked, the question was directed at Tony.
Tony nodded, “He trusted you.”
Steve didn’t answer him, flashed Tony a smirk and reach over for the lube he had thrown into the driver’s seat. He poured a generous helping of the lube onto his fingers, letting Tony watch as it dribbled down the digits, coating them.
“Tones, let’s go.” Rhodey called from behind the door after his knocks.
He imagined what he’d say to Rhodey – not that he ever planned on telling his best friend any of this – if he were faced with that possibility. He imagined the event of sitting Rhodey down to try and explain what happened. Would he play it off, suggest that he was drunk and reckless, and Steve was as eager as he was? Or perhaps play the Howard card, Starks were brash and hot headed and honestly, how could he have said no?
Tony pushed him away for a moment, pulling his t-shirt over his head in one quick movement before letting it drop to the floor. Steve’s mouth went dry at the expense of smooth olive skin that was revealed to him, all soft lines and teasing edges.
He needed to know how far Tony really wanted to go with this. Right now, before Rumlow came and it was too late for him to go back. Steve needed to know now, while he could still see a way for Tony to walk away.
Natasha laughed, high and soft and offering him one of the mugs, “No. I’m more Bucky’s type than Steve is.”
“I met someone.” Tony started softly, unsure how to tell Rhodey the full extent of it without telling him about Steve. He couldn’t handle that disappointment on Rhodey’s face today as well.
Tony seemed to nod into his shoulder and Steve felt his lips leave a small kiss against his collarbone. They’d be okay, they had to be.
Whatever outcome that might be.
He nipped at Steve’s lip and Steve actually groaned, pulling Tony in further as one of his hands slid up to cup Tony’s cheek, flicking his tongue out in response.
Tony frowned suddenly, eyes dropping to the hand Steve held in his, “There’s blood on your sleeve.”
“Good for you, Cap.” Bruce smiled.
Tony liked this better.
– tongue in his mouth and the firmness of him against Tony’s chest.
Tony cut him off, “I heard you.” He spat out, “Since when?”
T’Challa’s re-election gala. He held one every four years, whenever there was an election, or he was looking to advance his position. Steve knew he had told T’Challa he would be here; he had promised when T’Challa had help get Clint out of police custody, but he couldn’t fathom going now. He had Rumlow to deal with and Ross was likely watching his every move. This was too public, too important to T’Challa’s future.
Steve allowed himself a moment of relief, “Thank you.”
“Are you okay?” Bucky asked when they approached them.
“You were being reckless!” Natasha shouted as Steve rounded the corner to see them. She was standing at one end of the kitchen table, placed in the centre of the space. Her hands were on her hips and Steve could feel her anger from where he stood in the doorway.
As Sitwell glance across at his guys Steve knew something was off. He could feel it in his gut. Natasha seemed to bristle next to him as the same thought occurred to her and Steve was sure he could sense Bucky reaching for the gun tucked into the waistband of his jeans. Steve’s eyes were on Sitwell though, the twitch in his left eye as he ever so slightly tilted his head that way, as if trying to see behind him without making it obvious. His forehead was shiny despite the cold weather and Steve found it odd that even after being in a warm car he’d still be sweating against the cold of the night air.
Steve stroked his cheek with his fingers, “What is?”
“Don’t call him that.” Steve warned, “I know you’re worried about Hydra, Buck. I am too but Tony isn’t the problem here and you know it.”
Natasha comes down as he is scrubbing the mess, hands stained red from the blood and the once yellow sponge in his hand now pink. She takes in the sight, the body in plastic and Steve on his hands and knees as he scrubs furiously at the concrete.
Fury nodded, “And I can see why. You have knowledge of guns, professional knowledge, not the type of shit you learn on the internet. You’re a strategist, a professional which led me to thinking you’re either ex-police or ex-army.”
Steve responded by wrapping Tony’s other leg around his shoulder, fully trapping himself in the cradle of Tony’s hips. His hands released Tony from his grip, sliding round to cup his ass so Tony was free to thrust against him.
“It’s not.” He replied, “Just let me take care of you. You need a shower and a bandage.”
His hands reached down to Tony’s jeans, gently popping the button and undoing the zipper. Normally, undressing Tony was one of his favourite things to do but now, as he guided both jeans and boxers down his legs in a move Steve had done a hundred times before, he wished he didn’t have to.
Fury collected the photos back up, “Okay, how about you tell us why when we ran your prints, we didn’t get a hit.”
Steve kept going, “I want it to work, with you. But I can’t and won’t make promises I can’t keep. If there are parts of myself you’d rather not see, that you don’t want me to bring back to you. You need to tell me now.”
He moved down to Tony’s jaw, going through the same treatment of cleaning the blood from his skin when Tony finally spoke, “Am I a monster?” The question broke Steve in two and he found himself gripping Tony’s face in both his hands to get him to look up at him. Steve needed him to hear this and know it was the truth.
“Jesus Tony!” Rhodey shouted behind him.
“Captain, thank you for accepting my invitation.” T’Challa greeted with a glass in hand.
Steve went to the music system in the corner, clicking the pause button which got his guest’s attention.
“It’s a weapon of massive destruction.” Tony bit out, “You’re a mob boss, what could you possibly need with one.”
It must have been around noon when Steve had finished combing through everything the report had to offer, even going so far as to print out the written report of the crime scene so he could circle the key bits that might point to someone else having staged this. There was a size ten boot print a few yards away from the body that didn’t match the person who found him that could point at someone dumping him there but there was no way to prove it wasn’t Steve or anyone on his team.
“You do -- like which stateroom you would prefer --.”
“Sam?” Steve said in surprise.
Tony wishes he could have that too. Now that he's seen how good it can be, he wants this with his Steve. He's just not sure if it's a good idea to try. Things could get awkward fast if Steve rejects him.
"Our Tony," he corrects, amused. "Come help me. If we go through the data together, we could get this done faster."
Tony shakes his head smiling while listening to familiar bickering on the table. It's comfortable, and while they never let him feel like a stranger, he just isn't familiar enough to join in the conversation.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and held him closely. “Is that your plan?”
It turned out that Tony was the last one to know about Captain Rogers the artist. Bruce, Hope, Scott and Jane all knew about Steve’s talents. Hope laughed at Tony when he told her. “Who do you think I ask about cleaning up my field drawings?”
Surprisingly, once all the secret missions were exposed, the expedition mood lightened up. Everyone pitched in to help others with their investigations. Nakia coordinated the information gathering and the assignments. But it was Clint who suggested that they send him and Pietro to explore the coastline looking for signs of the smugglers that everyone knew were based somewhere in the Savage Land.
"Seems to be getting power from an internal source, completely off the Sector's power grid." Clint replies. "It must be how they kept whatever it is secret for so long. They don't draw power, they don't do anything suspicious, the InterStates don't notice."
"That's for tonight." Stark offers with a wink.
"I planned that date for weeks," Steve defends, coloring.
“They’re hard to get -- a house-bred velociraptor can go for a couple of thousand dollars.”
“Banded collars to control captured dinosaurs,” Tony said. “That is what those are for.”
Steve is thankful the ledge caught them - though tony’s jetboots suddenly firing to life again probably saved them a broken bone or two, so maybe he should be thankful for that... but it is nice to have something under his feet.
“Easy guess.” Tony sipped his drink. He should have talked Pepper into coming with him. He could feel himself slipping into the role of the third-wheel already. “You can’t tell the difference between him and an automaton. Maybe that’s how he survived the Void.”
"Don't let him hear you say that," Tony teased.
“Fury offer you an expedition?” Sam asked.
“I am sincere in my confusion. I was given to believe by Fury that you had been informed of all the aims of the expedition.”
“That was my father -- plus the title is more honorific. Any sensible person would not use it.”
Recruiting for the latest New Explorers’ Club expedition to the Savage Land was easy, anticipating working with Rogers was not. Rogers reached out first, asking Tony to meet at the Club to discuss the proposed roster. By the time of the meeting, Tony had worked himself up into expecting Rogers to dictate to him how the roster was going to be filled.
Steve launches into an enthusiastic update about the team and Tony listens in, smiling like the dope he is. He's not even gonna deny how gone he is. And if Steve can't see it, he won't mention it. It's fine. He's lived with it for so long, it's second nature now. As long as he has Steve in his life, everything is right in the world.
Tony can feel his brain short-circuit at the thought. What? Him? With them?
As soon as Steve reached the camp, he had some semblance of a defensive plan. He issued a quick set of orders. Hope handed out the few guns they had on hand in case they were attacked by the local fauna.
The expedition members had a lot to sort out as they closed the camp to return home. They would sail back to Port City where Nakia would return home with most of the missing vibranium along with the criminals who stole it, to face Wakandan justice.
on my stony bingo card, which is this image prompt from the comics:
Steve panicked a bit. He’d done that before with Bucky back before the war. He’d struck out then, he’d strike out now. He didn’t even know anyone he could even ask out. He sort of knew Sharon, the curator of the club museum, but not well enough.
“That’s about it.”
“Wanda expects you to let her go before we leave for New Timely. Do you think that’s a good idea? Since Redwing’s never been in the wild?”
Then it was time for the expedition to go.
~~~~~
"Eyes ahead, soldier!" Cap reminds him with a grin.
“Could be a crank letter or --”
“Better than us.” Rogers looked fondly down at the dinosaur. “Do you have something for her to gnaw on? She’ll shred your shoes or pillow if you’re not watching.”
Tony grins, stepping closer. His heartbeat is deafening but he congratulates himself for his smooth delivery. "Are you asking if I feel the same or if you can kiss me?"
At first nothing happened. But first one, then another, and then more of the velociraptors bucked and threw their riders into the dirt. The herd of animals ran roughshod over the fallen AIM soldiers as they fled into the jungle.
“I’m here, Tony,” Steve said. A slight sliver of fear hit him as he realized he might not have the privilege of calling Lord Stark ‘Tony’ any longer. “Please take a seat.”
The ship’s bell rang. Van Dyne had made arrangements for a very lovely dinner, with all the appropriate settings and had even made place cards. For once, Tony had not been seated next to Rogers, but between Romanoff and Wilson. Rogers was sitting with Bruce and Thor. Van Dyne had also asked people to sing after dinner as the after-dinner entertainment.
“So, the person responsible didn’t want us to see the crate. Which would rule out sabotage, since the point of sabotage is to undermine.”
“Either it was an ill-advised attempt at theft from someone on board or it’s an attempt to sabotage the expedition.”
“Lunch is in half an hour, guys!” Bruce reminds them as the door closes behind everyone.
Rogers took off his soaked boots, handed them to Tony in exchange for a pair of spare slippers. Tony put towels on the floor for Redwing to curl up in. “She’ll be okay?” Tony asked.
Bruce nodded towards Wanda, incidentally dressed for foraging as she walked by. “I’m sticking to plants and rocks. I think it’d be ridiculous to bring back a live dinosaur.”
The first line of dinos crashed right into Steve’s trap, tripping over the rope line and crashing into each other. Sam and Steve dashed madly back into the camp, each grabbing a gun as they ran.
“Eh, it spares me from magic.”
Starting off round 2 with a fill for square 'beneath the mask' (O2) :D
"Give me a few minutes," Steve replies.
The monitor above the console flickers, then a grainy, staticky video of Steve appears with a lag. Even with the video quality worse than cheap CCTV cameras from the 90s, Tony's heart is so full. Steve looks so happy to see him. "Hey, Sheriff. Good to see you. Sorry about the quality."
“No -- wait -- like for the annual dinner, he did all the drawings used in his lecture?”
out! And then you asked me and I had no idea!” Steve continues hastily, trying not to stumble over the words in his hurry.
"Yeah. Wait… Yours is attached to you?"
I chose to interpret the square's prompt as an au where they’re supernatural creatures, heh.
He doesn't get a chance to respond as another familiar face rushes forward, keeping a defensible distance with a round red, white and blue shield between them.
"Tony." There’s a warning in Steve's voice, "get away from there and wait for us. ETA five minutes."
I thought it looked nice with the text from Tony's story on the art :3
Oh man. Not even five minutes in and I'm gonna be chewed out. Tony wants to flee but he's rooted on the spot.
"And not updated in the SHIELD database? That sounds suspicious, right? I'mma take a closer look." He circles back, the lightweight armor smoothly following his lead. "J, check records and scan the place."
The dinosaur gave Rogers a dirty look as she was clearly settled in for the night with her towels, radiator and wood chunk. “She can stay if she wants,” Tony said.
"Well, now we know they're really doing illegal shit!" Tony reasons as he dodges a volley of bullets. He flies closer, firing repulsor blasts at one of the haulers. "Wow those things are sturdy. J, increase power by ten percent. Let's go for the joints."
Steve looked doubtfully down at Redwing, who hung around the pen gate, giving Steve the stink-eye and butting the gate every now then to let her people know it was okay to let her out now.
Tony was surprised that Rogers had brought the subject up, given his whole dino-owning thing. He found it deeply unsettling that he couldn’t get a good read on the captain or anticipate what he knew or didn’t know.
Tony watched Jan wave Pym over with a sinking feeling. She was on the verge of finding out Tony’s little subterfuge with the place cards.
“We need to be on the same page here, Rogers.”
“Remember there’s that formal dinner tonight,” Tony pointed out. “That can’t help matters.”
He was in the cold void when the revolution came to the New Explorers’ Club. Fury gave Steve one version, he learned the other side on his own. Money, purpose and gatekeeping doomed the old club. Janet Van Dyne, her husband Hank Pym and their friend Bill Foster had led the first salvos over who could belong to the club, just a few months after Steve fell from the zeppelin. Ironically the final break came after a fight over appropriate exhibits in honor of the Great Zeppelin War hero. Though Steve had heard one story where the fight leading to the old club breaking into two was really over whether or not lantern slide presentations were allowed for Club sponsored lectures. Dr. Foster smiled and told Steve that academic fights were weird, petty and vicious.
the version on the left was the first go, and i didn’t think it was
The unofficial unofficial ones were to find out if dinosaur smuggling was happening, which was very likely based on Wanda’s information, and to stop all of it if possible.
An earlier attempt at Golden-eyed Tony
~~~~~
“I was informed that you had been caught up in a government investigation concerning fraud at your company but that you had brought attention to that fraud through theft.”
Steve picked his landing team -- Thor, a solid choice because of his strength and lack of fear, Sam, Clint, Natasha and Pietro.
"Chatter. Focus, Avengers." Steve reminds them even as he continues to smash into the hover chair that him and Stark are forcing to the ground.
“Thought you wanted to be seated next to the famous Captain for Old Folks Homecoming or something like that.” Tony had known Jan for ages since he had become Lord Stark and sat on a number of the same philanthropic boards as Mrs. “
"Tony, shut up!"
“Oh, okay. Good. So, where do you want to go first once we get there?” Tony’s hand slips into Steve’s. It’s a good Wednesday in the city.
Tuesday afternoon, as he sets up his canvas facing towards the windows, back to the door, Steve texts Tony: ‘I’ll be in painting studio today, come hang out?’ He knows Tony’s done with classes for the day, so he probably will. Sure enough, the phone buzzes a few minutes later with a response. Time passes, and at some point after Steve’s lost himself in working on his painting, Tony wanders into the room with a cheerful greeting that Steve absentmindedly replies to. The studio is empty but for Steve and his piece and his portfolio, and Tony sets down his things on a nearby chair before coming over, leaning gently on Steve;s left shoulder, and watching his friend work for a moment.
Once the rope was prepped, Steve sent Sam to the other side of the camp while he ran in the opposite direction. He could hear the loud ping of bullets bouncing off Wanda’s magic shield.
Rogers sat down across the table from Tony. For all Tony could tell, it did not appear that Rogers was surprised by the meeting. He could not help but determine that he was the only one there who had not been let in on the great secret of the meeting. Rogers adjusted his jacket sleeve, revealing scratches on his wrist before he tugged his sleeve down.
Tony threw up his hands. “That’s not surprising. Not at all.”
To Tony's absolute surprise, Steve goes in for a hug and even twirls him around with a happy laugh. All he can do is hang on and bask in the once in a lifetime experience of having his reserved Sheriff hug him like a scene from a romcom.
No one said anything until they were out of the crowded, dilapidated warehouse and back on the path towards the Customs House and the bright sun.
The landing party immediately located and secured the campground used by the last expedition. They would need to do a lot more clearing of vegetation and debris to make room. People were antsy to get off the ship.
“Steve, are you okay?”
“My understanding is that these are bred to be small, like large dogs.”
~~~~~
Stark and Tony stare at Steve's ass until he's out of the kitchen. Stark sighs dreamily. "It's true. America's ass is to die for."
Tony knew when someone was attempting to escape him. Rogers clearly lacked the polish necessary for a smooth and charming exit. “Imagine the long walk from the back with all the applause.”
“Oh,” Steve replied faintly. He drank his moonshine.
~~~~~
"Of course you do." Stark smirks. "You're not getting any so you can live vicariously through me."
fill 2 for 2017 round 2
“Anytime. It’s too early to lose the head of the expedition going over the side of the ship.”
' hc of kid tony reading to himself with her love of space nerd tony and made something cute :D
Steve took it and stepped into a dance position. “I’m not good at this, I should warn you. I might step on your toes.”
“That does not sound --”
De-aged!Tony Stark and Phil Coulson. Tony is 4 or 5 and Coulson is 6. Based on/Inspired by
"Portal. Unknown tech. We don't know where it's from,” the man gasps.
Overall, dinner was not bad and the whole thing was rather diverting. Until Barton and Lang got into an argument.
Stark smirks as the elevator rises and Steve pulls Tony in his arms.
“That was everyone else, Tony. I’m not --” Steve huffed. “I’m useless in a civilian world, just a relic from the past.”
“Lord Stark?” Rogers asked, opening the door a crack.
“Yes, that makes a lot of sense.” Rogers turned to T’Challa. “Your majesty? What do you say?”
“I don’t think that Fury is going to let someone as talented as you escape,” Natasha said. “He’ll have a job for you.”
"But it worked?" He drops the scientist in front of a console before the portal. "Who's in charge of this project?"
“He sounds like one of Scott’s friends.”
Pym scowled at Fury. “This is the help you’d said you’d give me?”
“Collars of some sort,” Sam reported. “Almost like Redwing’s.”
“Van Dyne,” Rogers replied. “Wait -- which crates were broken into?”
“And Clint too,” Rogers added.
Really unexpected that Rogers was acting like his dinosaur had a say in what happened to it.
[backup image links:
"One time, the Wrecking Crew robbed a bank while Cap and Tony were out having dinner. Cap got so annoyed, he punched all of Piledriver's teeth in with his shield," Sam tells Tony gleefully. "Then he made the Hulk smash the Wrecker into the pavement. Several times."
There is silence, then Steve lets out a laugh. "I'm so glad you're okay. I thought I lost you." He sounds so relieved and on the verge of slightly hysterical laughter. "I'm so glad you're fine. Jarvis… can you? Do you have visual?"
“None -- I don’t have even an idea of when it arrived. I walked by the front door and saw it. Just remembered to give it to you.”
Stark stills. "Oh shit is not good. What's happening, Hawkeye?"
~~~~~
“What about your guests?”
Natasha's voice filters through the living room. "Tony, we have visual of alien tech fragments at the warehouse. Chatter says it's some sort of power source. They're trying to put it back together. I'm uploading pictures now."
The stage manager came out and lifted a hand for the lights to stay on. “We have a distinguished guest here with us today. A round of applause for the gallant Captain Rogers.”
Tony did like the new buildings back in New Timely -- one for studying and lab space for scientists in need of library resources and places to work, another for club business and the third for the club museum. He’d particularly liked the museum, given the number of successful fundraising campaigns he had run for it. But he hadn’t thought about the exhibits. Though some snippets of conversations with the museum director came back to mind. “The museum director wants to have some rotating exhibits besides the regular installations. They only got a portion of the old museum’s collections in the family divorce if I remember correctly.”
Sam gave Tony a smile. “I get asked that all the time. I had been discharged from the Air Ship Force for a few months, was back in Timely, and went for a run. I was lapped by Steve. We had a laugh and then he offered me some work with the Club. After the first expedition together, we went in on living arrangements together. Not that sharing a house is easier than having two separate tents.”
* * *
Natasha was throwing the first set of Tony’s crude bombs. The noise, smoke and fire quickly began to cause chaos among the dinosaurs. Steve ran back and forth between the Thor’s groups and Tony’s, checking on supplies and how people were holding up.
“Carol says that she could find you a date for the dinner,” Rhodey said.
Tony gave Steve an appraising look. “I gather you don’t like magic. For reasons, of course.”
The Captain appeared a bit flustered as he tried to escape. Van Dyne jumped up. “Come on, Scott, others probably want to talk to the Captain.”
"Seems like the reactor is more compatible with it than their energy source." Tony can't help but step closer. Curiosity has always been a problem for him and this portal isn’t helping matters in the slightest. It’s like someone flipped a switch as it surges to life. A great, swirling void about eight feet high, it looks like rippling water with no bottom in sight.
“It means that they are going to destroy our friends and they have nothing to worry about,” Steve replied. “We need to get back to camp fast. But it’s a few hours by row boat.”
Tony’s quiet for a while after that, but when Steve packs away his paints and carefully locks up the artwork, his friend bounces up and starts chatting away about time and trains and Steve shakes off the vague worry.
I’m not sure why I ended up sticking them in a vaguely depicted doctor’s office waiting room, but *giant shrugs*!
“Redwing? You’ve already named the dino?”
fill for square 'holding hands' for round 2.
"You see what I have to put up with?" Stark asks even though he's smiling. "Nat, it's your turn to whip up a Margarita."
Stark grins. "Steve won't write you off that quick. We're pretty hard to kill. Like a cockroach."
, Tony added in his thoughts.
The basement is mostly empty now with the scientists hurrying to escape the carnage and the fire and explosions.
Tony had never heard of them. “And their claim to fame is --?”
Steve organized and led the round-up of the remaining AIM soldiers over the next week. At least there weren’t that many to deal with and soon they were locked up on the cargo ship. They freed the remaining dinosaurs in captivity in the AIM camp and packed up the stolen technology. Nakia said, “My fellow Wakandans will come and remove all traces of vibranium when we have left.”
“Yes. In large lots. I know about that side of the trade. The dealers will sell anything, lie to people about the size of the dinosaurs, anything to make a sale. There’s a lot of money to be made, especially if you don’t care about the animals.” She reached down to pet the baby.
“I was told that all the offices were already assigned,” Rogers replied. He set down a beaten fabric messenger bag on the table. He wiped off the dust and grabbed a folder from the pile he pulled from his bag.
“Thanks for the help, Stark.”
The man scurries away.
Tony admittedly was intrigued by what people told him about Steve. He snuck glances around Rogers’ office. WItwas a disappointment to find that he had no work laying out. Rogers’ office tent was so devoid of personality, that it was impossible to tell anything personal about Rogers.
“Right.”
Steve never hesitated for a second. “Yes.”
~~~~~
fill for square S3, 'au of your choice' -- a gem!au :D (i don't even watch the show, but i am enamoured with the concept!)
My card can be seen
“What?” Tony asked.
“Did you have a better one? I’m not letting you escape this time, now that I’ve found you.”
with this fill, i have full card/blackout! :L
Tony raises a hand. "Wait. Before you start yelling, I want to point out that I did not mean to fall into the portal. It was an accident---"
“I’m going to take Fury up on his offer for an expedition. We could use that as a cover for investigating. Nat would be good for that.”
Bruce joined them as they pointed the disruptor towards the snarling velociraptors. Steve and the others held their breath when the machine was flipped on. Steve heard a slight whining tone.
He had wanted to punch the man in the teeth at times because he was so bloody noble and unmoveable and uncaring of what other people thought of him. Tony fought tooth and nail for the respectability he had now that Rogers clearly took for granted.
Redwing waved her tail at Tony before returning back to Rogers, who was holding out a treat to her.
Steve ran a finger along Tony’s jaw. “We have to get going, or we’re going to stay here all day.”
I guess they were Mer and Steve was transformed into the Captopus… or they were humans, went swimming and turned into a mertony and captopus… either way works ^_^
edit:... wow, i didn't even notice until just now that steve's ring is on the wrong hand. *facepalms* just pretend it's not lol
"He took some readings. We tried to figure out a way to replicate the portal's frequency. We figured it tuned into the reactor and by extension me and latched onto the person closest to the same energy signature," Tony gestures to Stark, "so it's just a matter of tracing and matching to find which universe I came from. It will take some time, so Reed kicked us out."
“I am going to tell Pepper what to write for my introductory remarks at the Club dinner next week.”
“The tide is coming in faster. Look for a rock.” Steve frantically wiggled over to another pile of rocks. “Found one.”
Steve told them, “I’ll get Tony and meet you down at the beach.”
Tony elbows him back, hissing, "Shut up."
Tony preferred not to remember at all. Thor had edged out Tony for the win on a question about storm clouds and lightning. “I over-thought it, Rogers.”
When Steve had finished with the wall and was drinking water over by Tony, Tony asked, “After dinner, why don’t you come over to my tent?”
Rogers pursed his lips as he considered options. Tony found him rather attractive when he was thoughtful like this. “Sam, can you and Natasha keep an ear out for rumors?”
Laughter punches out of him. He can't help it. This is more than just a pat on the back. More than he's ever hoped for. Tony launches himself at Steve and is easily caught in welcoming arms.
. (I decided not to have text in the piece, basing it on the phrase without having a speech bubble or anything like that.)
“Tony -- go make grenades, anything you can throw and make explosions and create fire,” Steve said.
Turned out that Tony had arrived fashionably late for the departure. Happy unloaded the luggage. “Are you sure about this, boss?” he asked.
"Video quality will improve soon. I'm calibrating the system. Just keep talking to him until we stabilize," Reed informs them as he types into the keyboard on the other side of the console. Honestly, Tony's forgotten he's there.
Before he even has a chance to stand, someone with his face and a rather fashionable Van Dyke beard points a familiar bright gauntlet at him. "No sudden movements, pal, or I shoot."
~~~~~
this is a 616 slight canon divergence au I guess??
Rogers moved like the wind to stand next to Lang. “Sounds like you two have had a big day.”
“Get ready for a bumpy landing.”
“Doesn’t matter, the AIM people know why they’re here, they don’t need to worry about us.”
Tony frowned as he looked at the roster. “Wait -- Miss van Dyne has a background in botany, I think -- or whatever Pym studied. I could use her.”
sketchy doodle for square S3, ‘off the record’ :D
"Be careful of the mind blasts. Jarvis is shielded from being controlled but MODOK could still get you. Aim for that thing on his forehead."
So I decided to draw like what could’ve happened next after the moment Tony gets onto the horse. I don’t really read comics, but I think the line ‘Anything to get you to hold me’ is said by tony here?? so yeah, have some tony holding (onto) steve on horseback in a quiet moment :3
Tony found Rhodey not far from the bar, watching Carol talk to a crowd of admirers about her latest exploits in her custom airship. She wasn’t wearing her usual flight jacket and trousers, instead going for a gold dress trimmed with red and gold ribbons. Rhodey had that smitten look written all over his face.
“Fury’s concession to Dr. Pym,” Rogers explained.
(unsure if it's necessary to do a fill, but w/e)
now.” He says, and then promptly blushes. Tony beams, though, which makes it worth it, before the hesitation returns to his expression.
Tony settled into his cabin, spacious for others, cramped for him and set up a portable and compact field workshop, considering the trip would take a few days. He couldn’t bear not tinkering on something during the journey, even if he attempted to restrict himself to prepping and improving expedition equipment.
The beginnings of a beautiful friendship -
“Still, anything other than this.”
"Shut up, Stark! You do not have the right to talk to MODOK about ego!" The thing shakes his tiny fist at Iron Man. Then turns to blast Tony out of the sky.
“Leash?”
“As long you’re not interrupted by the Captain’s latest acquisition,” Tony said.
“We can’t take that many people to New Timely,” Tony added.
In celebration of the expedition’s triumphant return, the senior Miss Van Dyne threw the garden party of the season. “Of the decade,” she said proudly. She smiled at Hank, still inexplicably grumpy about the expedition’s results.
Except for Tony.
Tony turned to look at Bruce, who had screwed up his face as he pulled together his thoughts. “I mean, I don’t think that this is much different from other expeditions I’ve been on. But it feels different.”
Pepper smiled slightly and tapped the end of her pen on her chin. “Seriously, Tony, they do need an answer. If you decline, they need time to find someone else. As it is, we’re cutting it close with the dinner being held next week.”
He stares at the scientist expectantly. "Well?"
The next few minutes go by with a lot of bullets and repulsor blasts as he cuts a swathe through the corridors leading to the underground facility. He knows the Avenger have reached the area when he hears the Sheriff direct Clint and Natasha to take care of the boots on the ground. Doctor Banner mans ship, both as a precaution and as a deterrent to anyone crazy enough to try and hijack the Avenger.
“Lord Stark? A word before dinner?” Captain Rogers asked before Tony escaped.
"It's not showing up here either, Tony." Clint's voice filters through the HUD. "Place is owned by Frost Holdings and probably rented out."
“Because you’re more valuable. If Pietro got eaten by a pterodactyl, that would not affect the team.”
two versions/fills for square T4, Priceless
‘Priceless’. I was a bit stuck on this one, but one idea I had was cap fanboy kid!Tony’s Captain America stuff collection. Because for kid tony this stuff was priceless, cap represented something for him that was beyond value. anyway uh I hope this still fills the prompt… tony’s eventual love for steve as an adult is still influenced by his childhood love for captain america, i would think, even if he sees steve as more than the image/icon and his feelings are beyond idolizing/fanboyishness now…
Tony is greeted by cheers, with Clint yelling, "And he's back!"
“Tony, stand down,” Steve said. “You can’t defeat them by yourself.”
Tony groaned. “The news is going to go through the expedition like wildfire.”
Tony sighed. “Not this tent. The food tents are over there.”
“I don’t know much about him. All we’ve talked about is the Great Zeppelin War,” Rogers said, with a slightly pained look on his face. “Thor?”
"Nah. We can figure this out on our own. Go kick everyone's ass. I am happy not to be there," Stark replies and gets a kiss on the lips when Steve gets up.
The next round of bullets did hit the balloon. It deflated rapidly as the basket scraped across the treetops. Thor and Bruce ran to meet them as they came to rest in a tree. Tony and Steve climbed down as fast as they could. They all ran back to camp as Steve yelled to Thor about the dinosaurs bearing down on them.
“Oh yeah! I had to do something -- the first photos I took were terrible even after I read the book and we only have so many supplies.”
Tony was feeling awful about something and his brain decided getting drunk would help. it didn’t.
“Short answer -- no.”
"I'm getting less bruises so it's working?" Matt's grin is infectious. Tony can't help but smile back. "While you're here, might as well save myself the phone call. AIM's been operating at one of the warehouses near Lucy's for a couple of weeks now. I've been trying to get wind of what they're doing, but all I know is that there's lots of machinery and chatter about alien tech. You might want to take a look as that’s right up your alley. Let me know if you need my help or when you're moving in. I don't like not knowing who's in my Kitchen."
Tony watched Rogers come alive on the deck of the ship, as he worked with Wilson and the others. Redwing weaved back and forth through people’s legs as they walked around the deck, quick to beg for a snack or two and pets. Rogers definitely had bags of dino snacks hidden in a pocket or two.
“We’re running out of ammunition, Captain,” Thor said.
Wilson laughed at that. “Wasn’t that bad, Cap.”
~~~~~
And that’s how the firing starts.
Steve shakes his head, looking both reigned and amused, if a little bit annoyed. "I was not going to yell at you. Be quiet and let me finish. I was going to say I missed you and that Bucky was right. I was miserable."
Sensing that the air was clear, Redwing ventured out of the bedroom. Steve suspected that she really couldn’t resist being away from Tony, who was one of her favorite people. She made a beeline right to Tony, nudging him for scritches and pats. “Who’s a good dino?” Tony obliged, scratching her along her frill to her obvious enjoyment.
The second/other idea I had was different:
“That’s how the spy stuff works -- compartmentalize, compartmentalize, compartmentalize.”
“And what about the thefts from Stark Industries? What did they steal there? Pym makes more than control collars,” Steve reminded him.
Tony had had other plans once in life. He’d been touted as a rising star in all science fields, hailed as his generation’s best technologist. He had buried himself in studies and school and lab work. Until his parents’ sudden and very public death sent him back home to run the family’s extensive company. He hadn’t wanted to be the head of a multi-million dollar company at the age of twenty when he was having far too much fun doing his own thing.
A fill for square N4, ‘art format: unusual perspective’
“Then what’s the concern?”
Relevant headcanons and related things that this piece was inspired by are tagged/available:
So since I don’t know the story behind the image at all, I ended up deciding ok what if tony made an LMD and its face opens like that and I draw steve reacting to the image. So here that is, heh.
“Bother the Captain about what?” Barton said from the doorway. Hope groaned.
"This is my tower. Technically, all the rooms are mine!" Stark yells back making both Tony and Steve laugh.
~~~~~
“Rogers?”
"What the...? Alternate universe!"
“It’s not like a trip to your country house,” Rhodey added.
He smiles back. "More than you know."
He sighs and lets the man go. "Get out of here. The guys up top will be rounding everyone up, best not to provoke them. Don't get shot."
“It is wrong and it should be righted --”
“No one knows Directory Fury that well. Not even Captain Rogers.”
Miss Maximoff tugged on his sleeve and flicked her fingers in an odd pattern. Steve felt the familiar tug of magic and almost resisted until he saw that she was putting a glamor on Sam and him. “You need a disguise,” she explained. “You don’t belong where we’re going.”
If it wasn’t clear, tony made a (pretty simple) rube goldberg machine that turns on a music box that plays ‘wild thing’
And now five years later, here they are, patrolling sector 1872 because SHIELD offered Steve a job, much like his old one but on a larger scale. The guy just can't leave a chance to help people well enough alone. And since Tony can't leave Steve alone, he and the rest of their band of misfits from Timely followed their sheriff onto the Avenger to sail through space and uphold the peace. Honestly, he'd follow Steve to hell and back, if only to protect the man from his tendency to jump off planes without a parachute. Nevermind that he's been in love with him for almost a decade.
“Stark found Van Dyne and Maximoff breaking into the dynamite crate.”
"I also work for cash. I like paying my bills too." Matt’s grin grows as he holds out a hand.
And then Tony spent some time with Wilson. Tony had been drafted into the survey work of the Savage Land with Barton and Lang, who needed something to do. Wilson turned out to have excellent and unparalleled observational talents. Much like Barton himself. Except that Wilson was far more fun and interesting to spend time with as Tony suspected that Wilson had a mischievous streak much like himself.
Tony whirled around to see an embarrassed Captain Rogers. “Rogers,” he snapped, more from the annoyance of seeing the Captain than from being smacked into.
"What's she saying, J?"
He had faced this exact situation before. He knew what to do. He tapped meaningfully on the map. “We’ll leave Thor to protect this camp. They have to know that we’re already here -- all they have to do is avoid us and we’re none the wiser. We need to send a scouting party to determine what we’re facing.”
"You mean a lot to me too, Steve."
Anyway, Tony was helping Wilson survey the area south to the camp that hadn’t been adequately charted yet. “You can call me Sam,” Mr Wilson, err - Sam said as they set off to work.
“Good point. I don’t know -- Miss Romanoff is a very capable person, though I’m not sure that’s her talents stop at just assisting with expedition logistics.”
When he’s spit out the other side of the portal, he’s not entirely sure what to expect. He's never actually been through a portal like this before. Wormholes, yes. They are a staple in space travel.
Tony chuckles at that. Whoever this Reed is, Stark clearly isn't all that fond of him. "The question is, will you be able to get me back? I kinda left the Sheriff in the middle of a fight there. Oh man. He might think i'm dead!"
Scott’s tent was the direct opposite. Apparently he was an amateur magician and his text was covered with magic trick paraphernalia. At least he was entertaining after dinner with his sleight of hand tricks. Besides, Scott was helpful with some of the stuff Tony worked on since he also had been an engineer once.
The fic is Clint/Coulson (established relationship before the de-aging and continues after they're aged up again, obviously.)
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I haven’t touched the supplies at all,” Lang scoffed.
“Acquisition?” she asked.
“I misread the crate.” Hope pushed the crate top back into place. “Wanda, where’s the crate with the coffee?”
cats!stony! :D
"Nah. Nothing much here to get excited about. Might be nothing. Just eat your breakfast and leave me some pancakes."
Sam came back with a bottle filled with water. He dipped the cleanest rag into the water and offered it to the dinosaur. The dinosaur roused a bit to suck on the rag. Meanwhile Steve worked on the lock, finally jiggering it open.
“Riiiiiight. Because I’m getting a very weird gut feeling that this expedition isn’t about gathering specimens and running a few experiments or discovering more Savage Land territory.”
Steve moves closer to Stark even when he keeps a light hold of Tony's hand. Stark loops a hand behind his Captain's waist. Both of them smiling easily with the knowledge and understanding that comes from a long term commitment to each other. A united front.
As he walked back to his tent with a protesting sleepy Redwing in tow, Steve pondered more. Without magic he wouldn’t have met Tony. Maybe it was worth it. Maybe he could keep this going once they were home, fight for it and not let Tony slip through his fingers.
Tony gave Rogers a cup with his steeping tea and sat down on the edge of his bed. “Do you think that we’ll have to deal with this weather all the way to the Savage Land? I was expecting more tropical weather.”
The basket was hit by a couple of bullets as they worked. “At this rate, they’ll get the balloon,” Steve said.
“They need more firepower --”
Tony's smile is rueful as he follows the couple further into the penthouse. "Maybe another beer."
Funny thing about multiverse travel is that time passes differently in different worlds. It's something Tony plans to study later when he has the chance. When he left Sector 1872, it was only just past nine a.m. but when he landed here, it was late afternoon. Stark did say that some worlds move slower than others and some are in the same wavelength as theirs.
“Will do, Steve. In the meantime, want me to talk to Clint about patrolling this area?”
“I wanted to check in about the cargo and if you had word that my equipment had been loaded into Barton’s ship.”
"Cap!" Stark yells zooming towards Steve. "Hulk! Thor! Switch up!"
They're perfect. Together and separately. They orbit each other, almost codependent. He wants that with his Steve. He wants...
“Stark Industries has rules about bringing your dino to work and I don’t think pets are generally welcome at galas --”
"We don't know! We could never get it to work right," the man stammers, shaking. "The power source isn't compatible."
"When it's Tony, it's 'Be careful, honey.' But when it's the rest of us, it's chatter. I see how it is," Clint shoots back.
“Lord Stark,” Pym said with all the enthusiasm of a wet noodle.
The members of the expedition looked at each other, wondering what Steve’s meeting was about. Thor had a hammer with him, as he eyed the camp perimeter, clearly agreeing with Clint that something had to be threatening the camp.
possible fill for square N5, ‘wooden box’ - they got shrunk down and have to climb over this to get to the vilain? (the space is so tight they cant go around them i guess)?
And he means to… but he keeps losing his nerve every time there’s a good opportunity. And trying to figure out when and how to ask Tony on a date means Steve’s head is up in the clouds, not down on Earth. Well, we can blame this on the creative Zone, not his pining, I suppose, if we want to be factual about this.
“Who would want a velociraptor in their house? Seriously, Rhodey. Velociraptor. That can’t end well for the people or the velociraptors.”
“Duck!” Steve shouted, pulling Tony down to the bottom of the wicker basket. “They’ve seen us.” A couple of bullets whizzed by.
“We worry -- you’re all by yourself in that huge mansion …”
“Aye, aye Captain,” Tony replied.
Stark turns to them with a cheeky smile, but focuses on Tony. "So do we pretend to have small talk over drinks or should we just get things moving?"
“I am supporting the mission,” she said as she took the list of required specimens from Tony. “Mr. Lang is a highly qualified engineer and knows how to construct the appropriate cases and cages.”
“She knows her insects, more so than any of the rest of us. So back to Fury’s list -- the Club’s museum has to have examples already -- they’re common tropical plants.”
Tony stares at the reactor, eyes widening in disbelief. "That is in your chest."
“But you were imprisoned in that Void for years.”
"Where does it lead?" he asks even as he walks toward the power source, dragging the scientist along with him. The portal is currently inert, but that doesn’t stop one particularly brave lady from firing a mini rocket launcher at him. Tony dodges, firing a repulsor blast in return without letting go of his captive. The woman slumps as a bank of computers and the wall far behind him explodes. Some of the lights go out.
“Wanda doesn’t know anyone who owns or wants a velociraptor.”
“I wouldn’t know -- it’s Dr. Banner’s.”
“Oh, he’s fine,” Tony replied dismissively. “The most action he’s seen since Atlantis, I’m sure.”
bc..this is p much every day in avac yea?
“You bet,” Tony replied.
Rhodey continued, “Carol’s best friend has two --- miniature triceratops, I think -- they’re great around her daughter and Monica loves them to pieces.”
by Mizzy, bc i was inspired :D :D :D and half asleep! woo!
“I wouldn’t do that, you know me. And - I’ve wanted to ask you out for
He's glad Stark doesn't push and just accepts his answer. He probably understands more than anyone, despite their differences.
Tony swallows, glances at Steve, and thanks the universe that he has lost the ability to blush after years of debauchery in his youth. "No. We're not-- no."
“My plans are to set up my telescopes here, after we set up camp --” Dr. Foster explained to the gathered science team.
. I decided to go with early-616-based Pining! Idiots in love, Steve is bad at communicating his affection as romantic love clearly enough for dense Tony who is Angsting bc he thinks Steve couldn’t possibly love him beyond friendship, alas he will have to pine for the rest of his days! (not) Also secret identity thing, Steve doesn’t know Iron Man is Tony Stark!
fill for N1, Teammates
Steve’s got insomnia, tony, who is used to his own bouts of adhd-fueled inability to sleep, is concerned bc steve’s clearly exhausted, but steve is pulling that ‘i slept for 70 years,
On the night of the New Explorers’ Club dinner, Lord Tony Stark, lately of New Timely City, arrived to some fanfare at the Club in his version of a horseless carriage, a sporty number driven by his latest updated steam engine. He’d decided against bringing a companion for dinner. Pepper had received her own invite but preferred to have a rare night off.
The two quickly found that not only could working together lead to better understanding of the work and better grades, but they also got along swimmingly. And the rest, as we say, is history. Well, alright, there’s more to it than that. They became class-friends, and from there became true friends, spent time hanging out around campus or off-campus together, they became friends with each other’s friends, and worried about their friendship surviving the end of that class. They needn’t have worried, because it did.
"Sort of looks like it is." Natasha smirked.
Steve wasn’t complaining.
Thor ran his hand over Jane’s name again, “This plan, to prove he’s dead and get someone else to come forward as The Captain. It won’t work. I’ve been up all night thinking about it. I know men like Ross, they don’t believe in reason or coincidence. He’s out of blood and he’ll find it. He isn’t going to let this victory slide on a piece of paper that states Steve Rogers is dead.”
Steve loomed over him, an impressive tower of strength and rage. His piercing blue eyes stark against the blood on his skin. He could see the hacksaw off to his left, Rumlow had sown the seeds of his own execution it seemed.
“You like it, don’t you?” Steve asked from the bed, voice rougher than before as he watched Tony toe off his shoes, “You liked everyone knowing that you’re mine just as much as you like knowing I’m yours.”
“I’ll have a protection detail set up on both of them discreetly by morning.” Steve assured him, “Rumlow won’t get close.”
Steve growled, hands snaking round to grab at Tony’s ass, round and full in his hands as he pulled Tony against him, “I don’t have anything down here…”
Steve rubbed his forehead, pouring himself a helping of scotch before he got back to work. He looked deeper at the files T’Challa had sent over then, removing anyone that didn’t have the right training in tactical operations and weapons. He wasn’t looking for the average army guy, he was looking for someone smart, trained, someone like him.
“Is younger a good thing?” Steve asked, hands coming up to wrap around his boyfriend as Tony all but melted against him in the warmth of the water.
He was typing out a message before he could stop himself, reasoning that this way the ball was in Tony’s court and he’d probably just ignore the message anyway. Tony was probably the type of guy who had his head on right, besides there was more reason for him to stay away from Steve than the other way around. Steve was dangerous and a killer and definitely not the kind of man you planned anything long term with.
Firstly though, he needed to talk to Tony, properly talk to him for more than the two minutes they managed to steal in that room today. If this really was the end of everything they had all worked for then Steve wanted to put a few things right and he needed Tony to hear him, even if he didn’t deserve it.
The answer reached Tony; Steve felt him roll his shoulders a little. His eyes got a little browner and his jaw less harsh. It was a start. But this was an uphill battle and Steve knew it would take a lot more than that for Tony to beat his demons. He’d do it though, Steve would make sure of it. He wasn’t about to lose him after everything they’d been through to stay together.
Fury frowned, “You people want to go to jail?”
“I don’t understand.”
“Why does that matter?” Tony mused, “Me versus a Brooklyn turf war? How’d you do that math?”
Tony nodded, “I gave him the device and a pretty good incentive to get himself out of this mess. Now, you wait.”
“It’s fine,” Bruce laughed, “Honestly, I’m not supposed to be here. I’ve known The Captain for years, he was still a teenager really. I used to treat him in the early days. I guess he remembered me because after The Avengers became a thing, I got a reluctant job as their doctor.”
His heart was racing, and he could sense Bucky’s anger to his left. For once, he was thankful to have him and not Steve in the room. Howard had the audacity to pour himself another glass as he spoke.
Tony gripped his hand tighter as they weaved through people, “Thanks for the rescue. I can feel my braincells dying when I talk to that guy.”
“I thought I wanted this, but I don’t. I can’t. I’m sorry.” Steve sighed, dropping his head lower so he didn’t have to see the way Tony looked at him.
That wouldn’t do though. They could do better.
“What part of this story am I missing?” Fury pressed, “Rumlow and the bombs, I get. You and your motive to protect your family, I get. Hell, I even understand why your boy is upstairs right now remaining loyal to you despite everything you’re facing. What I don’t understand is the missing link. Why Rumlow thought he would be so untouchable to be able to move bombs in this city without anyone batting an eyelid.”
Tony rolled his hips again; this time Steve’s rose to meet him. He gave Steve a wide smile, “We’ll think of one. I’m not letting you go to jail, Steve.”
Steve sighed, “You okay with that?”
Natasha nodded, “We’ll need to take the van. We can drop Rumlow off right on their doorstop then come back here, switch cars and all head out.”
Steve leaned back in his chair, “Officers.”
When he was free of them and had kicked his own jeans and underwear off, he stood up to see Tony watching him. His cock was standing proud against his stomach, his thighs big and powerful but that wasn’t where Tony’s focus was.
“I didn’t tell you because you wouldn’t have let me go.” Steve smiled softly, “You would have fought me tooth and nail.”
By the time he was so hungry he felt sick and he was running on pure exhaustion, Tony had made the arc reactor glove fully weaponised. He wiggled his fingers into the glove, the heavy reactor feeling weird in his palm. He flexed his hand, twisting his wrist this way and that to get used to the feel and the slight warmth in the centre of his palm.
Steve wanted to laugh bitterly, there was literal blood on his hands and a body near the stairs and she honestly still wanted to fight beside him, “What if that’s not enough?”
Tony added a second finger to the first, rutting against Steve’s thigh and he fucked himself onto his fingers. Steve could imagine his tight walls and the way he’d need to scissor his fingers open inside of himself to open his body wide enough.
“Go ahead,” Steve smiled, “This is your moment of glory.”
“Hi, I’m Tony, the Mechanic. The Captain asked me to fix his car?” Tony greeted with a smile and a nod towards his toolbox.
“You know, he’s killed people for calling him that.” Natasha said but there was a smirk on her face.
“Wait, what about Rumlow?” Tony asked, “He’s building bombs, Steve. That’s why he took me. My dad told him I could engineer him something powerful so he could sell it.”
“I’m an asshole.” Steve blurted out, “And an idiot.”
“Without back-up?”
Steve shook his head, “No way, Tony. Too risky. Ross will arrest you the second he gets wind of it.”
“We both know you didn’t do this.” Fury responded, “Your friend with the sassy mouth was right, it’s sloppy and there is something that doesn’t add up. Rhodes thinks it doesn’t much matter either way. A gang is a gang, if we can take one of you down then it’s the first step in bringing Brooklyn back into some sort of order.”
“It was.” Steve insisted, “Then it wasn’t.”
Steve huffed a laugh, “You could say that.”
Tony shook his head, “Free man.” He waved his hands for emphasis, “We don’t have much time.”
“They would have healed, Tony. They would have adjusted. They would have been free and safe.” Steve told him, “How could I not pick this plan?”
Christ, Tony Stark really was something else.
Tony had a job to hide his shock. He hadn’t seen or spoken to Howard in years, not since he left home and opened up the garage, effectively walking away from the Stark Legacy and Stark Industries for good. So, the fact he was currently standing in Tony’s doorway in his pressed suit and neatly combed hair had Tony reeling.
“Just stop. Save us both an awkward conversation and just tell me why you’re here.”
Steve couldn’t take his eyes off Bucky, the hurt and confusion and anger flickering through his eyes. He’d always had expressive eyes, Steve could read them and automatically know what Bucky was thinking, it was a short hand that came in handy over in Afghanistan. Now, it served to mock him.
One thing Steve knew for sure as he shoved Tony’s card into his pocket, he’d definitely be seeing Tony again. Even if he had to break that damn bike himself to need a mechanic to fix it.
The small note on his bedside table caught his eye and he grabbed it. Apparently, Steve was full of surprises because this note was written in his own handwriting.
Steve smiled, shifting in his seat, “I’m not joking, Tony. Not everything you read about me is true but a lot of it is.”
"What?"
“Excuse me?”
"This isn't a discussion."
He scrubbed harder at the floor under his hands, Natasha working next to him, “Thor and I can take care of the body. That’s his remit after all.”
Steve nodded, “So, what happens now?”
Steve grazed his fingers over the pool of blood, cold but still wet which meant they couldn’t have grabbed Tony too long ago. The blood wasn’t dried and sticky on the floor yet. He pushed away thoughts of Tony bleeding from his mind, he needed to think.
Steve gave a small thrust into Tony’s mouth which had Tony pressing him own hips into the mattress to try and calm himself down. This was about Steve. He set a relentless fast pace though, Steve not having use of his hands was teasing enough and Tony desperately wanted to make him fall apart like this.
“I’ll live. Ross is Hydra though, it’s not over yet.”
Tony nodded, of course she didn’t, “He would have shot first. He has to have shot first.”
He pulled the saw out and did it again. And again. And again. Steve worked with a numb passion until there was nothing left to hack. Rumlow’s head lay a few centimetres away from the rest of his body with the force of Steve’s movements, eyes open in fear and lifeless.
Steve could feel himself getting more erratic, hips smacking into the curve of Tony’s ass as he increased his pace.
Those eyes were piercing into Steve’s soul with the weight of betrayal like a hand crushing his windpipe.
Steve slipped in another finger, spreading the lube around as Tony moaned, “I know. I want you slicked up too.”
She spoke as she worked, “They used to make us practice standing on our toes before we even got the slippers. If you couldn’t hold it for an hour then you didn’t get to dance.” Her nimble fingers easily pulled the ribbon loose and slipped the slipper from her foot.
“Don’t give me that bullshit,” Steve argued, “If you were fine this wouldn’t have happened today. I didn’t give you the order to engage. I didn’t tell you to bring him in. I told you to follow him. If you two can’t sort your shit out, then I can’t have you in the field.”
Steve could feel the anger in his veins, heart racing as he stood up, kicking the stool back so he had some room to move. He was crouching over his guest in seconds, the barrel of Natasha’s gun pressed firmly into the meat of his thigh, just above the knee.
Then his fingers were pushing down both jeans and boxers until Tony had no choice but to step out of them before he ended up tripping over. He did eagerly, kicking them out the way so he stood in front of Steve naked, erect and beautiful.
Peter looked unsure, “Okay,” He rose to his feet, Ned in his arms, “I’ll be back in ten.”
Rhodey was still at the office when Tony called, working intel that suggested Tony had been kidnapped and he had gone into panic mode when Tony hadn’t answered his phone. Tony bluffed as best he could, explaining he was at the shop and lost track of time. He was fine and hadn’t been kidnapped, what was Rhodey taking these days? He could have stayed talking to him for an hour but he didn’t want to have to lie to him anymore so Tony quickly hung up with a cheerful jib about him needing to get some actual work done and telling Rhodey maybe he needed to take a few days off.
Steve smiled, “I’m just going to enjoy watching your brains splatter out the back of your skull when the bullet goes through your head.”
Tony nodded, taking a steadying breath, “Two minutes. Don’t worry. Thank you.”
Because they were really doing this. Giving this thing between them a go. Something Steve hadn’t even been able to contemplate a few months ago. It was never something he desired, especially after Afghanistan. He figured he wasn’t built that way anymore; love and relationships weren’t for him but perhaps with Tony they could be back on the table. Perhaps he could be something more.
Bucky shook his head, “Steve wouldn’t want you going alone, so you’re not going alone. Nat, text Thor and Sam for backup here. We’ll see you back at the house with Steve.”
“Here try this.” Tony said offering the glove out to Steve, “The energy surging through that thing should be enough to give you a nice explosion.”
“I found your bombs.” She replied, motioning into the room on her left. Tony moved out from behind her, eyes taking in the cases of Jericho missiles resting in shipping boxes.
Steve nodded, “I can’t make a decision like that for everyone else. I need to ask them.”
Tony tracked Steve down to the garage when he didn’t come back to the living room. Natasha had said he would be trying to shut himself off, trying to protect them from seeing their leader and their friend like this. She’d seen it before. Tony hadn’t though and he wasn’t about to let Steve wrestle with this weight alone.
The steam created a thick cloud of privacy around them, fogging up the walls of the shower and blocking off the view from beyond their little bubble. He felt Tony relax with him, in their little moment of peace. His hands came up to Steve’s sides, just holding onto him with firm fingers as Steve continued to clean him up.
Steve sighed, trying to keep his anger in check as he placed his hands on his hips, “You think I don’t know that? I asked you to take the immunity deals, didn’t I? I told you to stay out of it when I went to get Tony. If you think my main concern isn’t this family…”
He did the only thing he could think of. He threw himself at Steve as the door opened. Steve stumbled back in shock, cuffed hands gripping the front of Tony’s jacket to steady them both as Tony kissed him. Their lips fused together with a practiced ease and Steve felt so good under his mouth, so warm and soothing, Tony couldn’t help but deepen the kiss.
“Actually no.” Tony paused, “You don’t need me to get Steve out. I’ve done my bit. I need to go see my father.”
“It’s bad for me.”
The night was a bitter one, Steve was sure it would snow before the night was out if the fresh coldness to the air was any indication. He would have Tony back safely before the night was out as well. Of that he was certain.
Steve nodded, “Right, paperwork is a nightmare.”
“I want whatever scenario lets me have more orgasms like that.”
Steve dropped his gun, hands reaching under Bucky’s armpits to pull him inside. Bucky’s head rolled and Steve felt Thor brush past him to check the surrounding area for the culprits. He couldn’t think about that, he held Bucky in his hands, dragging his body into the living room to get out of the line of fire and yelling for Bruce. He was taken back to Afghanistan, clearing bodies out of bombed out houses and laying them in rows at the side of the road to be claimed by survivors. The stench had been unbearable, clinging to his nose for weeks. Now all he could smell was the tang in the air from Bucky’s blood, now coating his own hands and smearing a trail into the floor from where Steve dragged him.
Classy.
Tony clenched his jaw, eyes meeting Bucky’s with a fierce determination, “Let’s just get Steve out, okay? We can’t defeat Hydra without him.”
Hammer laughed, “Anything to help developing minds. I’m all about the people.” He glanced at Steve again, “How did you two meet?”
Tony frowned, “Who says I’m asking you for anything? We have sex. We have really,
Tony bucked his hips against Steve’s hand and Steve curled his fingers inside of him in return. Tony practically jumped in his arms, shoving himself down and back onto Steve’s fingers with reckless abandonment.
“I want to make you come like this.” Steve told him hoarsely, fingers buried to the hilt as they rubbed against his prostate again. Tony pushed back against him, trying to prolong the feeling.
He hadn’t spent hours thinking about how horrible getting kidnapped was, he had spent those hours figuring out the composition of the door. At least 5-inch-thick steel. The lock was electrical though and could easily be fried with the right equipment, triggering the mechanism and unbolting the door.
“I’m close. Fuck Steve, so close.” Tony gasped out, sliding out and back in again.
“I’m here.” Tony affirmed, fingers reaching out to cup Steve’s face, palm against his beard.
Steve charged at him, Pierce wasn’t much of a fighter and he wasn’t expecting it. Steve grabbed him by the jacket, shoving him back against one of the cars to provide them with privacy should anyone come out. Pierce looked startled, dropping his phone in the snow at his feet as Steve held him firmly.
They couldn’t run, it was a dead end. They couldn’t fight an entire police force either. This was judgement day and Ross was wielding the knife.
Steve all but ran to her room on the second floor, irrationally thinking this was Hydra. Natasha wouldn’t have been shouting about it if it was Hydra though, she’d be killing them. Steve realised his mistake when he heard Bucky’s voice answer hers behind the closed door of her bedroom.
The first guy charged at him and Steve wanted to admire the effort he put in. He was strong, Steve was stronger.
Tony set off running again, jumping over the unconscious limbs on the floor of hydra gang members. He hadn't seen Rumlow in the chaos yet but Tony knew he couldn't be far behind.
Or would they have to go find him when he hadn’t returned? Would Tony walk into a room to see Steve’s body on the ground with a bullet in his skull?
Steve knew what he had to say now, he knew Tony well enough to know how to end this but the words died in his throat. Forgive me, he wanted to beg and throw himself down to his knees in the dirty, I never deserved you.
Steve tucked the phone into his pocket, stepped into his boots and shrugged the jacket over his shoulders. He spared a last look at Tony, sprawled out on the bed and looking all too inviting for his own good. There was a part of Steve that wanted to forget about leaving, that wanted to climb back into bed and wake him up with soft kisses and see what happened next. That part of Steve was starting to become dangerous to his job. He needed to get his head on right, he had to deal with Hydra, the police. He needed to make sure his family was safe.
"Stay here." He gritted out, every bit The Captain ordering his troops and he was on the move.
These aren't his usual conditions, he is acutely aware of the fact he isn't in his condo or at the garage and if he needs something then he has to bang on the door of his cell and wait for someone to open up so he can ask for what he needs. It's annoying and it slows the process right down but Tony pushes on regardless.
Tony was hard at work, in ratty jeans and a tank top. He had a button-down shirt knotted around his waist that he must have taken off when it got too warm because now more of his tanned skin was revealed to Steve’s gaze. Those deceiving biceps that held more muscle mass than they first appeared and the strong defined shoulders peeking out of the vest top.
He pushed himself off the railing, scrubbing at his hand with one hand. He sent off two texts, one to Rumlow and one to Fury.
It was late when he finally made it up to Tony’s door, far too late for this to be considered a social visit. It was nearly morning and Steve almost felt guilty about just turning up out of the blue. Perhaps he should have at least called Tony first before showing up like a lost puppy at his door.
Steve paused for a moment, “Jesus, I’ve never met anyone that managed to have this effect on me.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Bucky asked, “What did you do?”
Tony’s mind was faster than Steve’s, “He’s the reason Rumlow knew Bucky worked for you. He’s the reason Bucky lost…”
He made his way to the kitchen with a scowl, trainers on the hardwood floor and sweat making his t-shirt cling to him uncomfortably. His hair was sticking to his forehead and as much as he wanted a shower, he followed the sound of his friend’s voices instead.
Rumlow seems to believe that Tony is building his Jericho, or at least, he has little knowledge of mechanics and weapons manufacturing to assume any different. Using Peter and Rhodey to get to him had been smart, if this wasn't a common occurrence in Tony's life at this point he might have even fallen for it. But he knew how to be a hostage, he knew when to be defiant and when to play into the part Rumlow had set up for him to take.
Steve leaned down to place a kiss to his forehead, “I just know. Am I a monster? After all the things I’ve done? The people I’ve killed?”
“I didn’t want to wake you.” Steve told him softly, getting comfortable on his side to face Tony.
He increased his pace a little when Tony gave a whine, keeping his tongue flat on the underside of Tony’s cock to heighten the feeling. Tony moaning wantonly, Steve always did love how vocal he could be.
“I’m sorry, Natasha.”
Tony nodded, “I’ll take that. Please, help me. Two minutes with him, okay? Then I’m out of here and I promise I won’t come back. I just need to see him.”
Tony continued to glare at him. What had he done? He had just amused that Rumlow taking him was about Steve. He hadn’t even considered that it was Howard at fault. He had basically given Rumlow a new alternative, a way to bring in The Captain. To kill Steve.
Square 'de-aged' / S1
"You are not allowed to proposition the other you at our dining table, Tony! Get a room!" Clint shouts from the living room.
eventually smooches happen :3
“Pepper, have you heard about the latest rage in pet dinosaurs?” Tony asked.
Stark winks at him. "Too bad you went ahead. Steve's a believer of saving water by showering together."
"Yes. I am." He confirms and turns to Stark who's casually leaning against the elevator wall, eying them indulgently. "What do you get out of this, Tony?"
"Do we need the whole thing or just a fragment?" Clint asks, "cause I don't think that will fit in my quiver. Oh shit--"
Steve nodded. Maybe he could do that.
“And I stopped because Hammer was stealing from other inventors. I haven’t worked with him for years.” Tony was so angry he nearly vibrated.
“Hmmm,” Rogers said. “I’ll need to send a message to Sam that we’ll be coming back later than expected.”
“No set-ups, Rhodey.”
“I wouldn’t have -- I don’t think it’s a great idea either. But Redwing needed someplace to go.”
"Tony."
Tony tipped his head to the side as he considered the options. “That seems a bit of a stretch, Rogers. Theft is the easiest explanation. Maybe the thief thought that they were in the food hold and wanted to grab extra snacks.” He drummed his fingers on his thigh. “That crate --”
And with this square I have a diagonal bingo :D
"Tony, what's happening?"
He went over to his trunk, opened it, and tapped on the side to reveal a secret compartment with a sheaf of papers. Back at his desk, Steve unfolded the sheaf and smoothed out the papers.
They’re on a train that’s packed tight, when Steve suddenly has a bit of an epiphany- wait a moment. To properly explain the significance of this epiphany, I really have to go backwards first:
For square Y3, 'dark alleys'
fill for square Y2: ‘Skrulls!’ skrull steve creeping on tony, while real steve is running to the rescue after escaping the skrulls’ ship
! and this makes a line! :DD
Steve drops his hands and for a few seconds, they awkwardly stand there in silence, taking each other in. It's Steve who breaks the silence, looking directly at him, expression serious.
well, they wake up in their own dorm rooms, but they’re wearing matching wedding bands, which says well, shit, when the hell did i get married??? and then they go to each other to exclaim over it and discover - Oh.
The dinosaur lunged forward, ripping the leash out of the young girl’s hands. Her father and friends raced to catch the dinosaur before it reached the two barking dogs and their yelling owner. Tony and Rhodey stepped forward. Tony held out his cane and Rhodey caught the end of it to set up a barrier to stop the dino. The dino ran right into the cane and dropped to the pavement like a lead bullet.
Steve joins them at the bar, looking more energized than earlier. "So how was the trip to Reed?"
They walked towards the camp. “I should have trusted you and the others earlier,” Tony admitted. “I’ve been betrayed before -- my old business partner and I went on an expedition. He’d set the whole thing up so I’d be killed by raiders. Didn’t work out that way.”
“I have Miss Potts make room on my schedule for a meeting,” Tony replied airily. “This sort of thing doesn’t need that much planning.”
square O4, Oh Crap! ft married stony
“I grew up there. It is home. No one will question me. Not where I am taking you.”
They had smooth sailing for most of the way towards their camp. Steve controlled the air flow to the balloon. Tony stoked the fire and the engine. The steam engine pushed them fast through the air instead of riding the air currents.
“What about Pepper?”
“How are you holding up?” Tony said as he handed an iced mint lemonade to Steve.
“Redwing is a somewhat unusual size for Savage Land dinosaurs. She’s large in New Timely, but tiny here.”
no cacw drama in comments, please and thank you. i love both steve and tony. steve wronged tony by not telling him about his parents. sometimes people hurt people, even if they really do care about them. and they can apologize and the person who was wronged can accept it or not.
A light shone on their box and Rogers — to his credit — looked appalled at the thunderous applause. Still he gracefully stood and waved a hand to acknowledge the crowd.
“I’ve got a new appointment at the university. I’m staying with Thor Odinson -- he couldn’t come tonight, so he gave me his ticket.”
~~~~~
Steve looks up and finds Tony jetting outside the ship like a bright beacon of red and gold in a sea black and pinpricks of stars. The tightness in his chest eases and he breathes a sigh of relief.
T’Challa paused thoughtfully. “I am not inclined to join an expedition. But I trust that you would do a good job with it. Director Fury and I have more to discuss, I think.”
Steve turned his head back and forth. “The AIM camp is that way -- we’ll need to go around it to get to ours.”
“Just getting ready for the talk,” Tony said.
“We’ll have one bang-up Annual Dinner talk,” Tony said. “Everyone loves dinosaurs.”
“I thought we had the box to ourselves,” Tony said to Rhodey.
“If I need a date, I can find someone. I can ask any number of men or women to join me if I choose to have company.”
So much for Redwing not being a pet.
For round one of cap-im bingo 2k16, a fill for square 'au: supernatural' (Y2)
“I don’t know.” She paused. “There was a singer who had one, then they were everywhere in the fashion magazines and society papers. A lot of my friends are on waiting lists. The demand is very high.”
Van Dyne said, “I just want you to know, Captain, that Scott and I are thrilled to be one this expedition. I’ve been inspired by my father’s work and would love to follow in his footsteps.”
"Your lives are crazy." Tony can't help but say.
After returning to his house, Tony ripped off his tie and waistcoat, considering the night a complete wash.
“What does that mean?”
Stark pats him on the back. "Let the kids check it out. They need the exercise. Besides, stealth isn't really our forte anyway."
They know the moment the portal opens to the right world because Tony's communicator cackles to life from his helmet and Jarvis connects to his counterpart in the Avenger. Not even a few seconds later, Tony can hear people scrambling and yelling, then Steve's voice comes online, full of urgency, projected from the helmet to the speakers in Reed's lab. "Tony? Is that you?"
“Rhodey --” Tony elbowed his friend to urge him out of the way.
Pre-serum!Steve to go with the tony for the roller derby au (his reaction to Tony winking at him? and his legs are wobbly bc roller skating?)
“Cut to the chase, Fury. This is about my expedition to the Savage Land. I’ve been asking for the Club’s backing for years so I can continue my research --” Pym said.
When he returned with a bucket of canisters from Tony, Hope pulled him aside. “We need to disrupt the control collars somehow, maybe destroy the main controls.”
“His pet dinosaur. Our newest and least known travel companion.”
idk, maybe tony was watching the sunrise, holding back the curtains, and then steve got out of bed to hold his boyfriend…
~~~~~
"Just as the time the Man of Iron was lost in another dimension, he too returned to us. And he finally united with the Captain, ending the years of pining and looks of longing that had plagued us in all our time together--"
“You feel safe bringing us to the market?” Steve asked,
Maybe Fury would have a new expedition for Steve. He’d been in New Timely for a couple of months now and he was already itching to go out again. Pack up his few belongings and break his lease and head out into the wilds of the world. If not, he would follow up with T’Challa, who had broadly hinted at a job for Steve.
“You must be Nakia,” she said.
“Hell yeah.”
Fills for Round 1:
Fill for the square 'de-aged' on my card - a mini-comic! :D
A couple of days later, Steve was reviewing all the map information on the Savage Land he had in his personal tent. Dr. Banner had just been in to visit him, overly excited about the possibilities of the Savage Land. “There have to be grasslands somewhere, considering the mammoths.” He’d pitched the idea of cutting their way through the rain forest towards his conjectured destination. Steve was far more skeptical of the plan, though he was encouraging.
Tony groaned. It was Captain Rogers again and his rude friend. After introductions all around, Rhodey and Miss Romanoff surprisingly fell into easy conversation.
"He misses you, you know," Stark declares for him. The man has no shame. Tony pushes him out of the camera. "What? Watching you both dance around each other is like waiting for paint to dry!"
There's several flavors thrown around as Clint calls whichever place is on his speed dial.
"Hold your position, Spy Twins. We're coming." Stark calls his armor and Tony stares as it assembles around him.
Steve stares at Stark in awe, then back at Tony. "Wow. Just… You look so--"
Rogers was shuffling through papers and didn’t look up at Tony. “I don’t see why not to yet. How is your team?”
“My people investigating the vibranium have followed the ring from the leak in Wakanda to this port. As far as we have learned, the vibranium was then loaded onto a ship headed to the Savage Land. But yet, we have found nothing about that ship since it left. We have contacts everywhere and yet, the ship disappeared. No one has heard a single thing about since it left this port.”
“I can see the appeal of a dino pet,” he admitted.
“Wait -- what was stamped on the crates? Did you see any identifying marks?” Nakia asked.
Steve groaned slightly as he woke up. From what Tony could see, Steve had taken the brunt of AIM‘s offensive attacks, when Steve had jumped in front of the soldiers to protect Tony from a severe beating.
the number of pies, 314, is a reference to pi, 3.14, and it's significant b/c it was pi day when he did the prank! (march 14th in the us is written as 3/14)
Having made his resignation speech and having not been met with a plea to not resign, Tony stood deflated. He gave Steve another suspicious look and then sat down. “That’s rich, you being confused.”
“You don’t remember?” Rumlow breathed out, “I did hit you on the head pretty hard. I thought I’d killed you there and then.”
Steve had all the confirmation he needed, “Thank you for your help, Adam. I think I have enough for my report.” He said, glancing at Fury before retreating from the room with a turn of his heel.
“I hope he comes for the pretty red-head first,” He replied with a sneer, “She looks like she can be feisty.”
“Steve?” The voice of a familiar voice caused him to freeze, “What the hell is going on?”
He nodded, “Okay.” Before withdrawing his fingers and reaching for the condom. He rolled it onto his length slowly, gripping the base to try and calm himself down as he applied another helping of lube to his cock and then he lined himself up with Tony’s entrance.
“I told him I loved him today.” Tony let out a little laugh, “In the police station. Even after he broke up with me, even after he hurt me. He didn’t say it back and there wasn’t enough time to talk about it, but I meant it. I’m here because I choose to be here, because he is what I want. I don’t know what to do with that but I’m not about to bail on him now.”
“I don’t want this to turn into a gang war. There will be casualties, there always is.” Steve replied.
Tony really did love the bones of that kid. He sent back a few emojis before standing, throwing on his clothes from the night before so he could go and make himself a coffee. His mind drifted to Steve, as it always seemed to now. More importantly, last night.
Tony was hovering over him in a second, hands on either side of Steve’s face, “Neither. I can’t stomach either.” He said fiercely, “We could leave? We get Rumlow off the streets and it’s done. We all leave, the whole family. We’d have to split up for a while, work our way to a meeting point but we could start over. Somewhere new. I wouldn’t have to deal with Howard. You wouldn’t have to live up to the legacy of The Captain. We could be free.”
“I’ve been arrested, Cap. The police at holding me for murder. Some body down at the docks. It’s bullshit.” Clint breathed and Steve felt his stomach drop.
“What?”
Bucky was on the opposite side of the room to her, clearly intend to make this a stand off between them. He had his arms crossed like a sulking child, but his tone was biting, “I told you I had it!”
Tony seemed to be in a chatty mood this morning, even without his coffee fix, “If it doesn’t, we could always run away. Get ourselves a nice getaway car, I’ll navigate. We’ll just see where we end up.”
“I know.” Steve sighed, “I’m prepared to do what’s necessary if it comes to that but we have to try to take him alive first. I told Fury I would.”
There was a deadlock for a split second, a battle of wits on both sides to see who would cave first. Steve’s eyes burned into them, the anger and rage within him making his blue eyes impossibly dark and deadly. He saw a hand waver on the trigger of the gun in the man’s hand. A slight movement, the man himself had probably barely registered he’d done it.
Tony shook his head, “You could never be a monster, Steve.” It was the strongest his voice had been since Steve had found him and he was thankful to hear it.
Tony managed to keep himself upright this time at least, his palm stinging from the heat as he released his fingers from their grip and took in his handy work with the door. A clear path to freedom, out of the smoke and dust in the air. Tony took tentative steps.
“Cops look after their own. I would want answers as well.” Steve nodded, “Did they say anything useful?”
He was still pulsating tightly around Steve’s cock, the warmth tightening and loosening around him as he wrung every last bit of pleasure from Tony that he could.
“Not a practical choice.” Tony mused, “Engine’s a little small and the turning circle isn’t as good as the newer models.”
“As in the weapon’s manufacturer?” Steve asked, “Howard Stark? Wait, Tony as in Tony Stark?”
Thor hummed behind Steve, “Shall I break his kneecaps, Captain?”
“He runs a garage over the other side of town. I googled him, a little hole in the wall that opened just over a year ago and tripled its customer base in as little as three months. The reviews were impressive.” She replied with a shrug, “The website offered call outs in the area and Stark Autos prides itself on a fast service. I figured it was just what you needed to get the bike fixed.”
Steve shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. But he couldn’t help it, he wanted Tony. He leaned towards him, reaching out with his hand on Tony’s jaw and moving his thumb gently to pull Tony’s lower lip free of his teeth.
He pushed his finger down further, the sound of the shot ringing in his ears as it was pushed from the barrel into the man's chin and up. Steve could feel his blood splatter onto his face, covering his cheeks in a fine spray.
Natasha shook her head, “How did they even get your name?”
Ross was Hydra.
Steve narrowed his eyes, “Sorry, Pierce can’t come to the phone right now. He’s having trouble finding a hand. This is The Captain and I have one thing to say. Tell Rumlow his days are numbered.”
Deep down, Tony knew that was a harsh statement. Of course, Rhodey had to work. He was a cop; it was his job. Just like Tony had a job to get back to, one that Peter was solely keeping afloat right now whilst Tony wallowed in his breakup like a teenager. It wasn’t fair to the kid. It wasn’t fair to himself either.
“Well, fucking find out.” Steve snapped.
“This is the part where I offer you a trade.”
How did they know about Tony?
He moved home when he ran out of money and courses to study, he was armed with three PhD’s and was fluent in three different languages but he missed Brooklyn. The streets and the feel and the winters. It was his home and he wasn’t about to let Howard take that from him as well. He had taken enough from Tony.
Tony visible sat straighter at the invitation, “My place is a few blocks away?”
Rhodey sighed, “Yeah, don’t worry. We’re waiting for the ink to dry on the arrest warrant and we’ve got the bastard. He’ll be locked up before Christmas.”
“Your confession.” Ross stated, “In full and in writing.”
“I want to try something,” Tony started, eyes on Steve, “I want this to be about you.”
He hit send before he could change his mind. It was a simple message; Tony could easily ignore it and then Steve would leave him alone. He wouldn’t call or seek him out.
“Well, how did it go?” Natasha asked, turning in her seat to look at him.
“You don’t want to start with the threats, Rhodes was it?” Clint snapped back, “You’re clearly clued up on gang knowledge so that means you know what happens to anyone who comes after The Captain or his people.”
Tony moaned at the friction, rolling his hips against Steve’s as his hands roamed over Steve’s chest, kissing every inch of skin closest to him. Steve still had hold of his legs, pushing his hips against Tony so his hips rocked. The friction between them was teasingly not enough and almost too much at the same time. Tony threw himself backwards, sprawling out on the table like an open invitation.
Steve grit his teeth, pushing Tony behind his body as he saw the five men blocking their path. Snow was falling heavily behind them, a mark of freedom as it blurred the city skyline. It wasn’t even a showdown. Five guys with guns against Steve, bleeding and unarmed. He was good but he wasn’t invincible and even he couldn’t see a way through those odds.
“And did buzzfeed convince you?” Steve asked.
Steve was on him in a second, hands lifted Rumlow’s body up by the jacket before bringing his head back down against the concrete again. He did it again. And again. Rumlow was laughing under him, blood steady blooming from the back of his head. The blood from Steve’s nose dripping onto his jacket.
“I don’t want anything.” Tony said, “I never did. All I ever wanted was you.”
God, Steve loved his family. He really did. He nodded once, a resolve crumbling and then he left. He didn't trust his voice to speak the words he wanted to say. The gratitude he wanted to express.
Thank you to everyone who has read, liked and enjoyed this story and has been a part of this journey with me. I love you all!
Werewolf!Tony and Vampire!Steve :D
Steve saw Sam waiting for him in the courtyard of the New Explorers’ Club as they had planned. The young woman with him was likely the woman who had written to him about the smuggling ring. She sat uneasily on the edge of the fountain, furtively glancing at the doors and gates. She started from her seat, until Sam put a hand on her arm.
Look, it’s 616!steve and tony! :D
“I returned yesterday,” Bruce explained.
“What is going on here?” Tony asked sharply. He glanced around the table from impassive Fury to fuming and huffing Pym.
~~~~~
He shook his head and the waiter rushed over to add more wine to Tony’s glass. The slight interruption broke the tension. Tony picked up his wine glass and swirled the wine, not sure how to say ‘no’ to Rhodey, his best friend.
“Spy missions.”
But I didn’t want to just do ciswap (cis male assumed, re-imagined as cis female)... for a few reasons.
~~~~~
“What?” Jan peered at the place cards. “Oh, that’s wrong.” She shuffled the cards back into place. “There, Hank, you’re next to Sam Wilson.”
“Camp supplies.” Wilson took out his notes. “Specifically the crates from Wakanda.”
She took a deep breath. “I’m involved with very dangerous people. They’d kill me if they knew I was talking to you.”
Rogers politely offered Tony first choice of the broken and marginally serviceable chairs in the room. Tony sat down. “Fury could have given us something better.”
The lights flicker red and the jarring sound of an alarm goes off.
“Ready to go back?” Steve said. Redwing was sleeping on his feet and he had a tankard of moonshine in one hand. A sweet evening breeze blew through the tent.
~~~~~
"Show me and show Steve too."
“Dr. Pym, the expedition will be apprised of your concerns. My understanding is that Wakanda would be a good place to start from for an expedition of the sort we are planning.”
“Well, for me, I am so glad that you are all getting along in the Secret Investigations Club,” Tony said. He turned to Steve. “You owe me. You never once told me this was going on. When were you going to tell me a damn thing, after taking me for a fool?” Tony stormed out of the tent.
Tony frowned. He pursed his lips as he pondered why exactly he disliked the dinosaurs as pets fad. “People have had dinosaurs as pets for only three years. Dinosaurs need specific environments and care. Who knows what conditions dinos are living in now, in the city. Are they getting the right food, care and medical treatment? And they have to be coming from somewhere -- are they being smuggled in from the Savage Land for starters? What about breeding -- you don’t get cat-sized dinosaurs from the natural sized version without some intervention? And is that good for the dinosaur?”
“We found Redwing in a shady market, she was the last of her litter and the only survivor. Wanda said that big money was being made by the smuggling ring.”
"It's two a.m."
Pietro stopped and thought for a minute. “I saw hexagons. You?”
Rhodey shrugged. “No one I know seems to have an issue with a dino pet. Ill-trained dogs and dinosaurs have the same problems.”
square N5 'wooden box'
As Tony buttoned his paisley waistcoat, he wondered why Hope Van Dyne would want to have a formal dinner. It didn’t quite seem to fit her personality based on their interactions. And a formal dinner at that, with full suits and dinner dresses and china plates and all members of the expedition expected to attend. Like there was any other option for entertainment on the ship.
“Right, velociraptor army.”
Steve had seen the look on Tony’s face when they returned to their temporary camp, like he was reliving something terrible. If only Steve hadn’t been distracted by dwelling on his own failures….
Steve put his arm around Tony. “You had your reasons.”
Ok disclaimer, i haven’t drawn a horse since like, high school and i never mastered it, and i..chose not to use a reference. mistake, whatever. But, I don’t think it’s that bad! So - this is a fill for square
"He can be the low key version and you keep being you. No one will notice." Natasha adds while eyeing them both. "You know how people never think Clark Kent and Superman are the same people? Do that. You can even take Steve. It'll be fun. Like a threesome."
T’Challa chuckled. “I cannot tell you how much I would like to come along. I too am a scientist and my sister would love to see more of the world. But we have duties.” He pursed his lips. “I would like though to send one of my trusted people along, a person who would not draw any attention. Nakia, who has already done much to uncover the smugglers.”
Bruce had found Thor somewhere and become fast friends over the past two years, after the disastrous experiment that had ended Bruce’s first academic career. He wandered the academic wilderness until an appointment by a desperate dean had rescued him.
A couple of days later, Tony’s aching back got him out of bed before dawn, which added to his overall grouchiness. He bargained with himself that he would take a quick walk around the camp to work out the cramps, then sneak back to bed for another couple of hours of sleep.
“Redwing is cute,” Steve said. “Her beak is very sharp. We’ll need to watch her around the curtains.” He held up his arm, marked with scratches.
Redwing slept at his feet. She’d shown only the barest interest in the forests or the other dinosaurs moving in the foliage beyond the edge of camp. He had to rescue many a tent canvas from her sharp beak as she gleefully threaded her way through crates and packing materials.
an avac fill for round 2!
The crowd applauded as Rogers stood at the podium. “Thank you, Lord Stark, and thank you all for your warm welcome. I am here to talk about my recent expedition to Atlantis, funded generously by the New Explorers’ Club.”
"Not my fault these two couldn't get their heads out of their asses to see what's in front of them sooner. It's a good thing neither of them has actually died." Bruce shakes his head at the couple on the sofa and Stark makes kissy faces at him.
And many dances later, when they stumbled into Steve’s hotel room for a more private dance session, Steve was grateful to see that Redwing and her bed had mysteriously been moved out, no doubt to stay with Sam for the night. Steve decided he owed Sam a lot for that consideration.
"That's-- good to know." Everything that came out of Thor's mouth sounds like it belonged in an epic saga.
“I’m very unimpressed with that. Guns and shallow graves are still more efficient.”
“That’s- great. Uhm. This…can this still be a date? I mean, I know it was a bit of a surprise and you didn’t agree believing it was a date so-”
He had largely ignored the latest rage in pets. But Tony had distinctly low opinions of people who kept dinos as pets. Incidents like this reminded him why the idea of dinosaurs as pets was a terrible idea from start to finish. He’d heard the arguments about training, good breeding and handling. Tony remained unconvinced.
What's worse is when he finds Stark in Steve's lap, with Steve's arm around his waist as they sprawl on the sofa, totally relaxed and comfortable with each other.
"You get used to it. Kind of." Sam tells him as he flies by, shooting projectiles from his wings. That was just too cool.
"I hope no supervillain attacks today." Stark sips his coffee and lowers himself into one of the dining room chairs. "How's your head?"
“Thanks, I appreciate it.” Hope stepped forward, aiming to get past Tony.
"Just kiss already!" Clint shouts out.
“First the map, Sam.” As Sam set the map down on a crate, Clint pointed to the coastline. “There, that’s where I saw the other harbor.”
Steve shifted to one side, to be closer to Tony. “I don’t know about that entirely. A mix of magic and science fixed my health and gave me strength. So I see the benefits.”
“I’ll look after ‘em,” Clint said, grabbing a set of bow and arrows. “I’m better with these than a gun.”
Tony turned to Steve and swayed toward him until their lips touched in a kiss. A perfect brush of the lips, at first. He could tell that Steve had closed his eyes as he leaned up to kiss Steve again. Actually Tony could stand here all day at the edge of the jungle, just kissing Steve and having Steve’s arms around him.
“That’s not good, I can tell it’s not good.”
"Are you on board with this?" Steve asks Tony as if he's not given his word this morning. His warm hands slowly caress up Tony's forearms in a delicious slide that makes him lean forward into that broad chest.
Bruce said, “We’ve got a long way to go to the Savage Land.”
“Hmm, I think it was just one issue he was the fili-in artist for. He doesn’t talk about his pre-war life, but I gather that he wanted to be a professional artist. I tell him all the time that he has a back-up plan for when the expeditions stop. Can’t be doing this forever, you know.”
“Rhodey, Captain Danvers,” Tony said as he nodded.
Stark nods. "Figures. First, let's give Mr. Taffy a visit, then we'll need alcohol. Lots of it."
“What was the deal about asking about the dinosaurs?” Tony asked. “You know, since you own one.”
Steve chuckled. “Not my line of work. Not even in the war.”
Tony’s unease about the expedition grew beyond his uncomfortable mattress. He bristled at Steve’s formality in all areas. Steve seemed to be caught up in the past. He still called people Mister and Miss and Doctor like they were all attending a formal dinner party in their finest clothes in New Timely.
Rogers showed pure genius in planning the expedition. They would take airships courtesy of Carol Danvers down to the Wakandan border. T’Challa would provide the steam ship to the Savage Land and the expedition supplies. He gave Tony information about the room he would be allotted for his scientific equipment. They quickly decided on timelines and departure dates. Then suddenly the meeting was over.
“Then we’ll walk.”
Redwing butted her head against Steve’s knee for head scritches. “Never get tired of those, do you?” Steve said with a smile.
Tony gave Rogers an appraising look. He had not thought that Rogers was one who said one thing and did another; Rogers had called for an end to animal trafficking at the annual dinner, it had been covered in the papers. Clearly the man had his talents when it came to organization, but otherwise Tony just couldn’t see what anyone else, like his father and Fury, saw in the man. He owned a dinosaur for one thing, that couldn’t possibly speak to any intelligence.
They had set up camp next to where they had landed the row boats. Everyone had their small field tents set up around a campfire, shielded so they couldn’t be seen from a distance. Dinner had involved a lively discussion about what to do next, finally deciding to do one more round of reconnaissance before returning to the rest of the expedition for a joint decision about the next steps.
“I assumed it was different, but it’s not like we’re going a five-year voyage somewhere either. Talk to you later, Captain.”
Tony is watching TV in the living room when the rest of the Avengers trudge in, the adrenaline from battle still present but less than it was after an hour of clean up and debrief. He looks up, cataloguing each of his new-found friends. "You guys alright?
“Good morning, ladies,” Tony announced. Both women jumped away from the crate, Wanda trying to hide her crowbar in her skirts. “Sooo, what are we doing this morning?”
“Long story and I’m rusty. Not any of my people -- Dr. Banner or Dr. Foster maybe?”
Stark snickers on the comms. "Less ogling, more fighting, Iron Man. You can ogle our hot captain later."
“Hmm. He asked you to --?”
Rhodey looked thoughtfully at his drink. “More than thirty years is a long time to be away, Tony. Since his return, Rogers hasn’t exactly let the grass grow under his feet. He’s been Fury’s go-to man for expeditions. For me, I’m away from home for a week and the place feels different.”
"The one who won the pot doesn't get to complain." Sam calls out. The kid is eating his weight in chips and soda.
"Well, if you're anything like me, you'll know I'm not averse to sharing unless it's very important to me. Steve's very important and I'm quite possessive of him. But I saw the way he looked at both of us. So this is for him," Stark says.
"I'm happy for them." He means it, he really does, even if it makes his heart ache for the what-could-have-been in his universe.
“You?”
but whatever ^^'
"I was taking a beauty nap!" Clint complains even as he knocks an honest to god arrow into a recurve bow and trains it on Tony. "Who the hell stole your armor this time, Stark?"
“Here, take the leash,” Rogers said.
Steve passes by and squeezes Tony's shoulder. "Gonna take a shower," he says and calls Stark over his shoulder. "Tony! Come on, let's get cleaned up!"
Tony can only nod. "True. It may turn me into a patriot myself."
Captain Rogers held the door to the dining room open for him.
“Why in hell would I lower myself to help Hammer with anything?” Tony exploded.
Steve turns redder and focuses on Tony. "Ignore him. He has no shame."
and now some character art of steve and tony:
Thor coughed and said, “I have been keen to find where ancient Asgardian artifacts have disappeared.”
Besides the official reason for his joining the expedition, Tony planned on figuring out how dinosaurs were taken from the Savage Land, bound for pet stores in New Timely and other places. He’d made inquiries during the weeks of planning. No one he found or any of his leads had solid information on how the dinosaurs were arriving. But there was a breeding association already dedicated to establishing formal standards for dinosaurs and the board of governors refused to discuss the likely illegal origins of their supposedly well-bred pets.
"If there is, I've yet to meet him."
Rogers wrote down the names. “Mr. Odinson is --”
Later, while Natasha and Clint are on recon duty at the warehouse, the rest of them settle in for movie night.
Bruce had been more supportive of the rules, given his quick temper and tendency to fly off the handle. He had told Tony that rules would cut down on misunderstandings and that everyone’s roles and duties in the camp were clearly outlined so no one skipped out on kitchen duties. He also pointed out that Steve had taken on the camp patrols for his side of the expedition, freeing up the scientists to do their own work.
“Yep. That’s what he did at night when we were on the arctic expedition. He had a lot of notebooks filled with sketches. I’ve been after him to publish a volume or two. People would pay good money for that.”
"Just remembering my team. Yours reminds me so much like them. Not just friends but like family, y' know?"
The video feed stabilizes. Not entirely HD but much better. Tony can actually see Steve clearly now. Even with bags under his eyes and a five o'clock shadow, he looks so good. It's like getting a cold drink of water after being in the sun too long.
The unofficial ones were to aid T’Challa’s quest to locate and repatriate missing vibranium ore and to uncover where Dr. Pym’s special discoveries and instruments had been taken. Like T’Challa, Pym felt certain that his equipment had been stolen and taken to the Savage Land.
Steve nodded slowly. It wouldn’t be the first crank letter that he had received, promising danger and conspiracies. With his training, Sam was quick to winnow out the wheat from the chaff and Steve relied on him to screen out the crazies.
“There’s a band concert in the City Gardens this weekend. Maybe we could find a couple of dates, get a picnic lunch …” Sam painted a lovely picture of a Saturday afternoon out in the sun.
Now Tony hadn’t seen Hank Pym in ages, and he wondered why the famous recluse had ventured out for the dinner. Dinner would be served in an hour. He went to join Rhodey and Carol at the bar. As he turned, he saw Rogers walking towards him.
Despite all the accolades, meeting Rogers in the flesh was more disappointing. Tony hadn’t quite known what he expected when he shook the man’s hand and said welcome back. Rogers looked like he’d stepped right out of the history books and propaganda posters. But when he opened his mouth and said something about Howard, Tony chalked him up to being like dozens of others he’d met before. Since that meeting a couple of years ago, Tony just didn’t understand why anyone would consider the man special at all.
Going into battle with the Avengers is familiar yet entirely different from fighting with his team. For one thing, his team does not have a demi-god that commands lighting and a Hulk that is pretty much a mean green fighting machine.And while having each other's backs is the same, Tony is not prepared to be caught off-guard that he stops and stares as Cap throws his shield. It bounces around five times, hitting four targets before ricocheting off a corner. Casual as can be, Cap just runs and jumps, catching it on the rebound then throws it again. "What the fu--"
Also, i'm thinking a nice tropey classic 616 snowed-in fic type thing ^^
“With an impressive locking system,” Rogers said to Wilson. “You should see it.”
Then he’s falling into the void, Steve’s shouts cutting off as his comms go dead.
“Right.”
“Careful?”
He had arranged to meet Rhodey outside the ballroom near the coat check. He checked his cufflinks as he waited. All new couples were happy in the same way, caught up in each other and eager to show off their couplehood. Not that he was jealous of Rhodey. He couldn’t possibly be since he had watched Rhodey slowly fall for Captain Danvers. He watched his friends, arm in arm, walk towards him, with smiles on their faces.
Tony should say no, that he would be glad to send in a check when asked. But he was still stunned by Rogers’ comment and his mouth answered before his head ruled it out. “Yes, I would be glad to join. Can I assemble my own science team?”
Pepper checked off her list. “I’ll prepare some appropriate remarks from Lord Tony Stark on the return of the Rogers Expedition.”
“Why not you and Pym? You were in the War with Rogers.”
"Um-- both?" Steve asks, so sincere and hopeful.
Steve found that he had a spring in his step he hadn’t had since he returned from the Zeppelin War. And more often than not, that step brought him to Tony’s tent late after dinner, after the singing and the plays and the games. He had the excuse of walking Redwing for the night -- she wanted no part of Wanda’s rehabilitation efforts. And Redwing always strained on her leash when they reached Tony’s tent as she looked for him.
"Yes, Mom." He sweeps in closer to one hauler and blasts a shoulder joint, dodging the hauler's other hand by a hair. Klaxons ring in the air. "I'm taking care of the haulers then I'm moving in."
The moment spoke to me, so I had to try capturing it ^^'
"Non-Earth. Possibly Kree," Sam taps into the comms. "They weren't here long enough to find out, and they were on the clock, so that's what we're here for."
Not that he was going to dwell on the fact that he discovered the wonders of Steve Rogers in his shirtsleeves or less clothing. A couple of days ago, he had, by sheer accident mind you, walked by Steve taking a bath in a nearby pond. Steve had noticed him and they talked as Steve floated in the pond, clearly in the all together.
“My brother and I are here to find out who has been smuggling dinosaurs to New Timely and other cities,” said Wanda.
“Tell the truth and everyone will be at each other’s neck in two weeks, guaranteed. Especially if we have more issues like those crates.”
“I know that you aren’t a fan --”
He's said his goodbyes to the Avengers earlier. They've figured out a way to communicate through interdimensional video calls, which wow. It still blows his mind.
“Is it always like this?” Sam asked Miss Maximoff quietly.
“I’d love for this to be our first date, Tony. I’m the one that was oblivious, after all, it’s not like you misled me, I was so in my own head that I didn’t realize, but now that I have I want it to be a date too.” Steve interrupts, smiling fondly. Tony blinks at him for a moment before his shoulders drop in a gesture of relief, and he grins again.
"Nothing yet except for a few negligible ones from the local outpost and settlements, but it's early. Maybe they don't start work before nine a.m." He sees a few scattered buildings on the left, enclosed by a fence. The HUD tells him they’re registered as an office and storage facility for Advanced Mech Corporation. It also says so on the sign outside the fence. "There's an AMC facility here. It's not showing up on my map but I can see it. Not much activity, just a couple of trucks and a few haulers.”
“We’re going to have to swim for it,” Tony said.
Tony whipped his head around to look at Rogers. “You asked for me?”
Steve smiles. "Always."
“Whatever,” Tony grumped.
(chapter links are at the end of the post of each part, btw, no matter which chapter you're on!)
“Other harbor?” Tony asked.
“I ran here from the beach -- Clint and Pietro are coming in.”
“Stark -- you in?” Fury asked.
He wished he could say something to Tony before the fight. But no time for any of that. He ran to his tree. Sam was already tying his rope to his tree. He waved to Steve before taking cover. The dinos were now breaking through the tree line and through Wanda’s fading shield. He had minutes to secure the rope.
"Show off!"
"Hey," it's Steve who reaches out to touch his shoulder. "It's okay." He smiles at Tony like he's not being an idiot for turning them down. "I understand. You don't even need to explain. I totally understand."
"No sign of him, Sir."
For lack of anything to do, Tony showers and changes into Stark's shirt and sweatpants. He wants to be comfortable while waiting for the team is what he tells himself when really, he just wants to be clean and ready when Stark and Steve return.
Steve urged his friends to keep up the harassing fire to hold off the velociraptors. He saw Clint up in a large tree aiming his bow and arrows at the guns. Good man, Steve thought. An exhausted Wanda and Pietro stumbled back into camp and were sent into hiding.
Fury tapped Tony on the shoulder. “Duty calls,” Tony said to Rogers.
fill for square S1 ‘day-in-the-life’
“Heh heh. Barton’s a genius with bows, not pencils. No, that’s all Steve -- he does all the illustrations and map drawing. He had formal training before the Zeppelin War.”
Tony had wandered off, saying he needed to clear his head. Clint had the first watch, Steve the second, and Sam the third. Clint didn’t have to wake Steve up for his watch. He’d had bad nightmares since he’d turned in about that last fight on Skull’s zeppelin.
“Isn’t she also collecting particular insects?”
"It's implied!" Clint shoots back making the rest of them laugh.
, in which Tony is a king...
“No. Somehow it never came up. It never occurred to me to ask how the Secret Spy Network was going when I reviewed the Club’s annual reports.”
“How far is it to camp?”
“Fury promised us that he would find out who stole our tools and equipment,” Hope replied.
, an au in which Tony meets mer!Steve, who is being kept at an aquarium, and Steve writes (as shown) on the glass to talk to him. :D
Tony Stark is a grad student at a small but heavily-populated university, one which Steve Rogers, a visual arts bfa student, also attends. Tony could probably tell you all about the statistical chance of the two of them meeting and becoming friends in a school like their’s, where there are a hell of a lot of people, and he’d probably say something that amounts to ‘it was a very small chance’.
“There's a lot of money involved and the police move slowly.” Miss Maximoff sighed. “I’m not sure that the police would see this as a problem.”
and a bonus little sketch of bucky and steve noticing the cap pictures in the room in the first place:
After they were gone, Tony asked, “What did you think of that?”
“Just because I haven’t met the blond soldier of my dreams like some people I could mention -- wait, I’ve had plenty of companionship since I moved here.”
Since then, Steve had come to deeply appreciate the machine and its excellent coffee. He shook out the pages of his paper, unable to read or distract himself. He had to be at the Club in two hours for Fury’s meeting. Not that Steve had an idea of what the meeting was about.
Maybe he can give it a try while the ship's docked somewhere so he could take off for a while when Steve rejects him. Give his friend some time to forgive him for stomping all over the status quo. Or maybe he'd stick it out. No one has to know but them It'll be awkward for a while. Their friendship can withstand a little failed love confession, right?
"You broke him, you bought him, Stark." Bucky chimes in, leaning from behind Steve. His eyes flick over both of them then settle back on Tony. "When are you coming back? This punk has not been sleeping or eating since you got sucked into the portal. I don't have the patience to deal with this shit. You're his partner. It's your responsibility now."
a very short and rushed talk post cacw… discussing an interpersonal issue. tony is allowed to be angry and upset and hurt, and steve is not evil for hurting him… tony doesn’t have to forgive him. steve feels uncomfortable talking abt this, bc it feels like he is trying to excuse his actions re: tony and he doesnt want to do that, and talking abt ur anxiety and illogical decisions is always awkward..tony understands. aand this mini comic comes nowhere near to tackling all the issues but shrugs!
