“That’s Lisa Braeden. We all went to High School together. She’s Dean’s summer fuck buddy.”
. Getting to know each other. All that stuff you detest.”
over here brought it up,” Cas was gratified when a huff of laughter escaped Dean’s lips. Dean leaned forward and pressed his forehead to Castiel’s and sighed.
“It’s strawberry banana,” Castiel said; the deep rasp of his voice paired with his warm breath on Dean’s neck sent shivers down his spine. “Try it.”
Inias rolled his eyes. "Yeah, with another couple. Here we call that a double date," Inias said, and Daphne snorted inelegantly.
The moonlight cut a path across the roof, bathing Jimmy in its glow and fuck if he didn’t look made for it. Dean found himself snapping a picture on his phone, the sound of the shutter causing Jimmy’s eyes to blink open. He regarded him from his relaxed position. Dean grabbed the pastry box and popped open the top.  He held it out to Jimmy, grinning when he sighed and sat up.
Dean laughed brightly.
Dean heard Samʼs truck roll up and he smiled when Castiel met his brother with a hug. It was the first time Sam had seen Castiel since the funeral and Dean knew his brother had been worried about Cas too.
“Shut up, Samantha; it was fifty years for you. It’s been like an hour and a half for me,” Dean grumbled, taking a turn he knew would instinctually bring him back to the little section of Hunter’s Heaven, as he’d taken to calling it in his mind, to the cabin he somehow knew was waiting for him.
Dean’s brows rose as he surveyed him.  “Okay, well now I’m picturing some new-agey fifty-shades type shit,” he said and Emmanuel laughed.
“Probably not.”
"Gorgeous, isn't it?" Cas' voice, deep and quiet, pierced the silent night.
“He’s not following me, Jesus, he said he was visiting his sister. Apparently, Becky thinks manning the nurse’s station means she can gossip with anyone about patients and she told him about Cas’... issue. He used it as an excuse to talk to me.”
Castiel came to, with a gasp, jostling Dean, but not waking him. He was glad, not ready to divulge what he'd just been through, not prepared to acknowledge out loud to Dean that a spirit was out to get him,
“Hello, everyone. For those of you who don’t know me, my name is Dean Winchester. Welcome to the 7th annual Holy Rollers doubles League. I appreciate your patience as we get set up. Now, for the first three weeks, you’ll be bowling solely to establish average…” Castiel tried not to get lost in the timber of Dean’s voice as he explained how the teams earned points, how the handicap affected the averages, and when the first and second halves of the season were.
Cas was sexy as fuck. Like, ridiculously,
“Uncle Dean probably saved our lives. I’m not going until he is back here. Safe and sound.”
Dean fingers trailed up and down Cas’ spine, and he could still hear Dean’s heart thudding under his chest.
“You feel like you can’t right now, but someday, you might,” Dean said, reaching out to feather his fingers through Castiel’s hair.
By the time the first few families started trickling in, Dean had the pizza oven and fryolator heated and the popcorn popping. The coffee maker was brewing, and parents were already forming a line. It was the one day of the week where children were allowed to have things like chicken fingers and soft pretzels for breakfast. He said good morning to Benny as the burly Cajun grabbed his cup of coffee and headed down the catwalk to the back of the lanes. He would be back there all morning, babysitting the machines for deadwood and ball returns.
"Naw, baby, don't be sorry. I was kinda wondering when you were gonna let it all out."
“Turn around,” Castiel commanded, softly, “Hands on the railing.”
Dean and Castiel climbed into the back of Mr. Winchester’s Impala and waited for Dean’s parents to come out of the house with Sam and put him in his booster seat. Next door in Cas’ driveway, Dean’s father John was
It had been a month, and Castiel and Dean still hadn't made a decision. Not that he and Dean had really talked about it much. There was still a lot to do either way, like cleaning out the house,  deciding what was going to family and what would be donated to goodwill.
leave. Rowena was going to stay with her friend Billie while we investigated, but she just called. The road is closed.  Log truck crashed, it's gonna be hours before it's cleared. "
Castiel wasn’t sure who moved first, him, Dean, or if like magnets, they’d just come together, holding on to each other as they fell back onto the soft queen-sized bed. Though it looked different, this was the room Castiel grew up in, and it gave him a secret thrill to have Dean there, sprawled on top of him as their lips slotted together.
“A writer huh? Like novels? Let me try and guess the genre,” Dean looked him over playfully. “Short-sleeved sweater vest and tie.” Dean peeked under the table and Emmanuel laughed at his antics as Dean came up spouting “Jeans and sneakers. Hmm. Very
“Would you two stop?” Sam’s whine broke through Castiel’s musings and he looked up in time to see Dean and Gabriel aiming bits of bread into each other’s soup bowls.
"I love you," he murmured, softness in his green and gold irises, and Castiel reached up, carding his fingers through the silky strands of Dean's hair.
“Everyone knew I was gone on you. Got teased all the fucking time by Sam and Gabriel and Charlie about it. One night, Sam was hosting some party at our place and Michael was completely wasted.” Dean shook his head. “Started following me all over the apartment before just grabbing my face and kissing me." Dean grimaced as he spoke of it. "I would have laid him out if he wasn't so drunk but I was afraid of seriously hurting him.”
“Anonymous,” he said, chuckling when Dean only stared. “ I write under Mr. Anonymous. I have a thing with names…” he trailed off, cringing but Dean only gave him a soft look. Emmanuel tried not to be hypnotized by the golden freckles scattered across the bridge of his nose and the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled.
proceed, that had Castiel laughing softly, head dropping back on Dean’s shoulder, contentedly.
Castiel tugged Dean in by the neck and angled his face up for a sweet lingering kiss, and pulled back to laugh when John and Bobby let out wolf-whistles.
Dean reached into his nightstand and tossed a condom and a bottle of lube on the bed before laying back on the soft plaid bedspread. “How do you want me, sunshine?” Dean asked playfully.
Castiel’s already gravelly voice dipped lower as Dean continued to spear him, gently, stretching and spreading methodically. Soft grunts escaped Cas’ lips at the twisting thrusts of Dean’s fingers, and he bit into the meat of Dean’s shoulder when one particular swirl of his digits brushed Castiel’s prostate.
“I don’t want to. What would I even say to them?
. Dean reached for Cas’ hand and entwined their fingers as his other hand cupped his face.
Dean choked on his water. “I thought you said she was a slutty Halloween nurse?” Dean asked when he found his breath again.
“Did your husband tell you that he has Alex in ISS today?” Jody asked, a hint of exasperation in her tone as she mentioned her and Donna’s foster son, and Castiel grinned.
Dean and Castiel made their rounds, hugging everyone goodbye.  When they made their way to the parking lot and to the Impala, Castiel pushed Dean against the driver’s side door, angling his head up for a long, languorous kiss in the brisk cold.
“Weird. They keep staring at me,” Castiel grumbled, skirting his fork around Dean’s as they playfully fought over a spear of broccoli.
Castiel’s heart stopped.
. Fair point.
"Not really. More of a beer and whiskey man," he said.
Obviously, Cas was just having fun with him. He knew Dean wasn’t seeing anybody, and he was pretty positive despite Hannah’s interest that Castiel just wasn’t there yet, so why not make a night of it with his best friend, drinking warm punch and eating cookies and brownies made by Dean’s ninth graders?
“Living with you guys is gonna be gross, isn’t it?” Sam asked with a pout, and Castiel laughed, loud and euphoric, and it didn’t take Dean long to join in.
“He calls Gabriel Loki, Sammy a Men of Letters, and me a Hunter. Guys a little obsessed with your dad’s books, thinks his whole Supernatural world is real.”
Castiel settled back against Dean in the booth they were in, enjoying the heat of his body pressed against Cas’ back. Every few minutes or so, Dean would ghost a kiss down the side of Castiel’s neck, making him sigh and shiver, prompting Cas to keep his head tilted in open invitation. His hand lightly massaged Dean’s thigh as he again made a pass down the column of Castiel’s neck with his plush lips.
“He said don’t ask stupid questions,” Rowena corrected him, and Dean looked at his brother fondly.
Dean snorted when Castiel showed him his frosting covered teeth.  “Of course it is. I’ve been practicing. Can’t have a bakery if at least one of us can’t bake good.”
Castiel’s look of mild confusion rather than the infinite tenderness he was expressing, did much more to ease Dean's unwanted vulnerability.
"Ah ah ah," the man said, leaning forward to grab Dean's phone off of the table. "You'd be dead before you could swipe." Dean's phone was dropped and crushed under the heel of steel-toed boots.
"I'm going to agree to disagree instead of arguing, since you're giving me what I want," Castiel rumbled lowly, shooting Dean coy smirk that left his mouth dry. "I'll see you at one, Dean. Goodbye, Charlie. I will email you those pictures after I upload them to my computer and go through them."
“It’s supposed to snow during the day tomorrow, I’d rather get in town, grab all our groceries and be settled in the cabin without having to worry about dealing with snowy mountain roads and Baby’s tires,” Dean replied, then turned his face to kiss at Castiel’s jawline.
“Night, Sam.”
Dean barely remembered stumbling through his own introduction, shaking Castiel’s firm hand and leading him over to the cushy plaid sofa in the living room. At the time, Castiel, like Dean, had been thirty and he explained how he had been sharing an apartment with his cousin Gabriel but Gabriel had been newly engaged and the apartment was getting a little overcrowded. Castiel told Dean how he taught Russian at the College and grew up bilingual.  Learning Russian from his mother Anna, becoming a teacher of his mother’s native language, seemed only natural and Cas found he really enjoyed it.  Anna Krushnic had moved from Russia with aspirations of being a model and ended up falling in love with art instead. She met Castiel’s father, Emmanuel Novak, in a painting class held at the local community center in Pontiac. They were, as Castiel had put it-
“Up here is another bedroom,” Dean said, opening the door and revealing a pretty room with a double bed and a wide window seat that also overlooked the water. “And this here is my room,” Castiel followed Dean into the space, thinking immediately, that it suited him. A king-size bed with a comforter in plaid earth tones with a gorgeous iron headboard sat against the wall. A television, half the size of the one in the living room sat on top of a large bureau in the same heather-gray driftwood color of the coffee table downstairs. A framed black-and-white photo of Dean's Baby hung above it, bracketed by two pictures; one of a beautiful golden-haired woman holding a child Castiel could tell was Dean just from the green of his eyes, and the other was of an older man with his arm slung around the shoulders of another man, and two children standing in front of them as they leaned against the lighthouse.
Castiel laughed. “I wouldn't say no to a glass of wine.”
“How’d you even get a copy of…” Sam studied the front page, “
“Really? That’s awesome man. Do I know your work?” Dean arched a brow at him when Emmanuel just stared. “What?”
“Yes, well,” Castiel didn’t have much to say or deny. Since the accident and the loss and return of his memories, he and Dean had been even more tactile with each other. He was sure the constant need to reassure each other with touch that everything was okay now would taper off eventually. But that quiet, simmering want between them was something he saw never disappearing.
seen the dead mother," Castiel said, so casually that Dean nearly laughed. "She makes me nervous."
“Why not? People used to think we were dating when we lived back home anyway. Did you know that Ms. Mildred baked me an I’m sorry pie when you got engaged because she thought you left me for Daphne?”
“She has a point,” Emmanuel pointed out, earning him a quick nod of approval.
“I did,” Dean assured him. “I do. And I was actually starting to think, after Daphne, that it was my window. I had every intention of laying it all out there, no matter how fucking scared I was. But then Cole showed up, and I had to adjust my plan. Next thing I know, you’re on a new date every week and I figured I imagined it.”
Dean wasn’t sure how long he sat there in the quiet.
>>>: Sure. You’re buying.
April’s mother had cornered him around the small card table housing the coffee, wanting to know when she should expect her daughter’s belongings. She had a precise list of things she wanted of April’s. It wasn’t that Castiel cared. April’s mother could have what she wanted. It was only the act of packing itself. Just the very thought left him feeling exhausted. Going through April’s things, he hadn’t even thought about it in the week since her death. Seven days wasn’t nearly as long as it sounded, especially while drifting through a fog.
Dean tried not to examine why it bothered him so much to say so. What did he care if this guy thought he was a coward? Hot psychopaths who drugged people and tied them to chairs didn’t get to have opinions on Dean Winchester.
“I wasn’t
“Shut up. That’s not why I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean said with a playful nudge to Cas’ shoulder and now he was really intrigued. Instead of asking again, Castiel just arched a brow and waited.
Castiel’s fingers were aching when he careened into the station, the tight knuckle grip he’d kept while driving only registering now as he released the steering wheel.
. He had lips that have been kissed, a body —  more thick and muscular than he remembered — that had been touched. He had so many questions and he knew Dean would answer them, but the young man he once was was not as brave as the older, knowing incarnation of himself in the mirror.
"Damn, you are relentless. Told ya. Not gonna happen, Cas," Dean said, but Castiel only smiled widely, an adorable curl of lips that showed off his teeth and gums and made his eyes crinkle at the corners.
Dean gave a painstaking grin when the attendant made an odd face. He imagined three grown—almost grown in Jack's case—men crammed in the front seat of the car when there was obvious room in the back was an odd sight.
“That’s not all you want, is it Dean?” Castiel asked him, head cocked as he stared into Dean’s eyes under a swathe of moonlight. “This isn’t just a quick tumble for you?” Castiel’s words whispered over lips a hairsbreadth apart from his own, and Dean’s fingers clutched in Cas’ shirt as he shook his head in denial.
“I’m so sorry, Cas. I can’t even imagine how traumatic that was. God, no wonder you have nightmares.“
It was hard being in love with a Winchester. Anyone who had ever attempted a relationship with one could attest to that; well, not really Sam, Castiel supposed, considering most if not all of his past partners were dead.
“I can’t believe I have to do all of this again tomorrow,” Castiel found himself muttering, and again he felt the soothing presence of Dean’s hand at his back. Castiel turned to see green eyes filled with sympathy staring back at him.
“Have a good shift,” Emmanuel deadpanned at the man who was smiling at them widely with a lollipop jammed in his cheek.
Dean debated taking off for about three seconds, but when his eyes locked on Castiel’s stormy blues, he decided not to push his luck.
“The view alone must be spectacular,” Castiel said, smiling his thanks at Dean when he placed a boat of chicken tenders in front of him.
“Bartholemew was a mistake. He was just a mistake,” Castiel’s fingers tapped irritatedly on the table and Dean stilled them with his hand.
Sam moved to start clearing the dishes, and Rowena laughed. "No, dearie, just leave it for now," Dean smirked at his brother, and Sam rewarded him with his classic bitchface for his efforts.
“Is Jo still bent out of shape about you not bailing on us to go to that family reunion with her?”
Castiel frowned when Dean looked away guiltily.  Ever since hearing about John's parole, Castiel couldn't help but notice that Dean had been distracted and in his head.  He wasn't hiding anything, per se. He wasn't emotionally distant with Castiel; in fact, his husband was as affectionate as ever.  He was just… quiet. Castiel wasn't used to that. His Dean was a loud, effervescent, bright spirit. Now, he was subdued. Still beautiful, still Dean Winchester, but it was evident that many things were weighing on his mind. Castiel had faith that Dean would open up to him when he was ready. Dean told Castiel not too long ago that things were better when they faced their troubles together.
“Hey, ain’t that your wife? I haven’t seen her in a while,” Jo said, and Castiel scowled as he took in April’s appearance. Auburn hair in a fancy twist, a skin-tight sweater paired with even tighter black pants. Castiel watched her step up to the bar and down two shots of something. He felt a little vindicated that she appeared to need liquid courage for the betrayal she was going to attempt on him.
“Now, those issues are becoming a reality?” Castiel asked softly, and Sam nodded at him over the fire.
) versus Twilight (
, Castiel thought to himself.
“Relax.”
Dean couldn’t help the low rumble of laughter if he tried. It bubbled out of him, leaving him breathless as he tried to answer. “Like- like four? Five, maybe?” Dean wished he could stop laughing, especially since Cas was wearing his dom face, but in an entirely non-fun way.
“The pharmacy called this afternoon when you didn’t pick up your automatic refill.  Said it’s been ready for over a week.”
“Yeah, anyway, the article says there was a Bigfoot sighting right near the campground we’re staying at.”
“Yes, ma’am. As soon as I get him to call me.” It had been nearly a week since he’d seen Castiel. Despite their plans to pack up April’s things, his best friend had texted the day after the funeral, telling him not to bother; that he had already taken care of it. Whether it was bullshit or not, Dean wasn’t sure, but he figured if Cas needed some time alone, Dean should give it to him.
Castiel barked out a laugh. Charlie’s girlfriend Meg was a nurse and wasn’t able to make her shift coincide with league night which was why Castiel was fortunate to be paired up with her.
, creeping him right the fuck out.  He had to be on some kind of estate.
He knew damn well why. Because he was a dumbass.
“Shower,” Castiel found himself murmuring, even as he nuzzled into Dean’s sweat-dampened shoulder.
Dean cocked his head at his friend, sad to be the one causing the look of disappointment on his handsome face. After Cas, Benny had come the closest to a best friend he’d had and Dean was adjusted well enough to know now that he had only allowed that closeness because he knew their time was temporary. Benny had always been bound for bigger and Dean never had any intention of world travels and young romance.  Not when he needed to be here. Just in case.
“It’s okay,” Castiel soothed. “Next time, sweetheart,” Castiel shifted on his knees, leaning over Dean to reach into the shelf built into the headboard, pulling out a bottle of lube.
“I’m sure it could be,” Castiel conceded, trailing his fingers down Dean’s chest, feeling smug when he felt his stomach muscles quiver. “Are Sam and Jo going?”
Castiel supposed that was true. Castiel was, to his surprise, a very popular teacher.  Dean said it was because he was fair and kind, and always willing to help a student who did their best, and kids can tell the difference between teachers who are just phoning it in and ones who actually care. That had made Castiel feel good, and he knew that Dean was regarded the same way by many students, for the same reason.
"Cuz it's always true, sunshine," Dean said,  angling his head up while simultaneously reaching up, fingers tangling in Castiel's hair, tugging his head down to join their lips in a soft and languid kiss. "Wanna move this party indoors?" Dean's eyes held mischief as he pulled back just far enough to meet Cas' gaze.
“Yes, Dean already extended the invitation. I look forward to meeting you and answering any questions you have regarding my intentions towards your big brother.”
Castiel and his brother maneuvered through dancers and found a quiet table on the outskirts of the area and sat down. Michael looked tense and drawn, but most noticeably, he looked defeated.
The End
Dean glanced over his shoulder and found blue eyes smiling back at him with naked love and amusement, lighting their depths. “Ha. And since when do you, my creature of habit, drink your coffee before being dressed for the day? You're just mean.”
Much to Dean's chagrin, both he and Jack were transported to the hospital to be examined, despite vocal protests.
Castiel managed to avoid a proper greeting with April, letting Jo say hello and urge his wife to sit down while Castiel collected himself by going to the bar to get another round of drinks.
Then that bombshell. Dean wasn’t straight. He had wanted to date Castiel, and it never happened because April had lied, again, and like a flash, all of the anger he had finally started letting go of had come rushing back to him.
Angel-face merely reclined back against the wall. “Oh, don’t worry, all in good time, Dean.”
“I was calculating and with the unexpected traffic from the construction, we’re still another hour out from Salt lake and we’re looking at not hitting Wyoming until around ten. Why not crash in Cheyenne and get an early start in the morning? “
“Yes, and this is my kitchen, so I’ll repeat: who the hell are you?”
“You’re gross. That’s another thing. Get earplugs otherwise you be listening to weird anime porn.”
When they had graduated college and Daphne began teaching at the Elementary school and Castiel began his work at Sandover Accounting firm, it had been a natural progression to get engaged. His mother, Hester, had been so proud to have a son marrying the pastor’s daughter and spent two years planning the perfect wedding. For her part, Daphne was thrilled that their marriage would release the substantial trust fund set up for her by her grandmother that required nuptials for the entirety of five years.
“With Mr. Novak?”
Dean smiled up at Ellen Harvelle as she slid a plate of sunny-side-up eggs and bacon in front of him. He hid a grin behind his coffee cup when his Uncle Bobby whined at the egg white omelet and wheat toast set before him.
Everyone stared at Castiel, and he shot Dean a guilty look and sighed, moving to sit on one of the padded benches against the wall.
"Nothing. Just...," Dean shook his head again and gripped Cas' shoulder. "Never change, okay?"
“You’re not going to stay and watch?” he asked, no censure in his voice, only curiosity and Dean smiled, softly.
“You got about a two-week wait till they get home. They live over in Springfield. I’ll make sure you get to see them when they get back.”
“Oh, sweet boy, you are unreal,” the awe in Castiel’s voice had Dean heating and pride flushed through him at causing the riveting look of wonder on his husband’s gorgeous face as he stared at his fingers sliding in and out of Dean’s stretched opening. Dean let out a muted cry when Castiel’s fingers slipped free only to scream in pleasure when Cas slicked up his cock and pushed into his hole with one long steady stroke. Dean’s bowed legs came up to wrap around Castiel’s hips as he began to thrust into Dean's body, hard and steady.
Jack swiveled his head around. "So. What's the easiest to break into?"
Dean’s brows winged up in surprise. “You want to move? That’s a big step, buddy, are you sure?”
Castiel hummed in agreement. Castiel noticed Dean fidgeting beside him and quickly finished his call. He swiped back to the address Dean had set on the GPS, noting that the Hilton Dean booked them at was only fifteen minutes away. Then he checked out the price.
“Castiel?” the name stirred something inside of Emmanuel, something that made his chest tighten and he didn’t know why. “Was he your partner?”
arrived, they all made uncomfortable small talk until dinner was served. The conversation at the table had been stilted, and dinner passed quickly, but in the end, Lily and Sam had parted with a heartfelt hug and a promise to keep in touch, with Sam even wishing Zeke well. With both of them being so close to Dean and Castiel, it was unavoidable that Sam and Lily would be in each other's circle, so they needed to make the best of it.
Dean furtively searched the lot, spotting no sign of his husband or Gabriel, but Dean knew that didn't mean anything. Castiel was a sneaky fucker. He'd lost track of how many times he'd threatened to get his husband a bell.
“Did it ever occur to you to try going on a date? Maybe attempting to find someone new? Castiel sure doesn’t seem to have a problem, ” Cole said and Castiel felt a pang in his chest as Dean’s whole body seemed to flinch at the words.  Castiel moved closer, watching as Cole angled his lawn chair towards Dean and the predatory look in Cole’s eyes had realization dawning.
had good taste in music too.
Gabriel was Cas’ thirteen-year-old cousin. He was pretty cool.  Gabriel loved to prank people but he always had candy and he never left Dean and Cas out of his games or treated them like babies, even though they were five years younger. Gabriel had to come live with Cas’ family when he was six, after a car accident killed his parents. New England winters could be brutal and as Dean often heard his dad say, black ice was a bitch.
"Can't disagree with you there," Dean murmured. It was nearly midnight, and no one was around their little secluded piece of the marina. A long jetty separated Shipwrecked from active vessels; at least a dozen fishing boats were docked, along with two, Crowley&Son's, Dolphin and Whale watching ships. The barest hint of laughter and chatter carried over the salty breeze, too muffled to be made out.
“Dean, I find it irresponsible to even consider venturing out in a vast wilderness where there will be spotty cell service and no first aid. It’s asking for trouble.” Castiel’s tone seemed to brook no argument and Dean instantly pouted.
“Maybe love at first sight isn’t what we think it is. Maybe it’s recognizing a soul we loved in a past life and falling in love with them again.”
“Sam thinks we should stay in a hotel once we hit  Wyoming,” Castiel said, peering at Dean over his cup. To his surprise, he got no argument.
Late afternoons and early evenings had Castiel again with his camera, taking advantage of the gorgeous sunset over the pier, and the fragrant community gardens. Lit with fireflies in the gloaming, it was almost ethereal. He was thinking of taking a photography class at ABU-
Rowena led them further down the corridor, pointing out different bedrooms and who they used to belong to.
"Oh yeah?"
“Your Dad’s in the hotel pool and Becky and Chuck are
There was a pregnant pause and Dean cursed. “Fucking Castiel,” he muttered, not feeling nearly as surprised by this news as he imagined he should be. “I gotta go.”
“Cas,” Dean murmured, pressing his lips to the hollow of Castiel’s throat, “Cas, I love you.”
“Listen,” Dean said seriously, pointing at him for emphasis. “If you made Cael fall from heaven to be with Ethan only to make him cheat on him with that asshole Sebastian I-”
“That, I got. The other thing, with the room cards,” Castiel asked, folding his arms over his chest defensively when Dean merely stared at him.
Dean cleared his throat, and Castiel angled his head back to find moss green eyes lit with gold, searching his own.
Castiel worshipped Dean's skin like a man dying of thirst, pressing hot, wet kisses down his throat, leaving love bites in his wake, drawing out choked off moans and muted whimpers. Castiel's favorite sounds.
“Is that any way to speak to your queen?” Charlie said loftily as she breezed through the double doors.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said with a grin. “but after the Michael thing, we were stressed and keyed up. We hadn’t had sex since you’d been back and we're used to having that regular connection. We’d both been too beat the night you came home, and neither of us was in the mood once I’d told you what Michael said. Then the next night I had said I would fill in for Chuck and sing with the band and you had a final meeting with Crowley to sign some contracts before your break. We were so tense with each other, I knew it was going to snap at some point." Dean sucked on the joint and Cas watched the ember flare cherry red. "Then this waitress, some new hire of Ellen’s, slipped me her phone number, right in front of you,” Dean took one last hit from the joint, placing it and the ashtray on the bedside table beside him. “I don’t think she knew we were married but that was it. You dragged me off to the bathroom and ordered me to my knees and I was so happy that you wanted me that I didn’t even think about where we were.  Cas, we never even heard Michael come in. Creepy fuck must have been in there just listening. He was just leaning against the bathroom wall, waiting, when we left the stall.”
you?” the question burst forth, and Dean's captor cocked his head to the side. He grinned widely, and it managed to be both predatory and sexy.
going on a date with Arthur Ketch and that Dean was to promise to be ready for burnt s'mores, canoeing, and Sam's toxic campfire fare gas.
“And you’re sure you want to do this out here?” Castiel asked, archly.  “What if someone sees us?”  When Dean’s breath hitched, Castiel chuckled darkly.
Same tone of voice, only infinitely younger, combined with what Castiel now recognized as the four-year-old version of a classic Sam Winchester bitch-face. Hoarding his vanilla duplex cookies in chubby little fists, because Dean had decided the chocolate ones didn’t taste nearly enough like Oreos to be worthy.
“Shit, man, I’m so sorry. So you’re here visiting? Last wishes or something?” Dean asked softly and Emmanuel shook his head, taking a bite of pie that had his taste buds singing happily.
Gabriel nodded, and it only took Castiel a second to catch on. If Alistair had been watching the station and all of the officers going in and out, chances were he might recognize Cas' car. The pimpmobile, as Dean liked to call it, was hard to miss.
“Okay, so first off, since fair is fair, my name isn’t Celeste. It’s Charlie. I work for Castiel as his personal assistant. Well, more like researcher. Basically, I screen anyone who comes near him or any of the Novak businesses. I swear to God, Dean, up until that day I saw you—”
fun.”
There wasn’t too much chance of being seen unless the neighbors were out in their own backyard, and as far as Cas could tell, Dick and Eve hadn’t arrived back home yet. Castiel knew it was the illusion that intrigued Dean, more so than the actuality that they could be seen, both of them opposed to the idea of someone else seeing what was theirs.
A stunning woman with long blond hair that hung in ringlets down her back regarded him with cold, blue-eyes, feline in their shape. He felt a sharp pinch in his arm and cursed the warm weather and his lack of flannel.
“Oh, he’s always been here. Get used to it,” Castiel said confidently, even though his heart was hammering in his chest. Who knew getting everything you ever wanted could be so scary.
“Baby, if you’re waiting for me to fight you on this, you might as well just get on your knees,” Castiel commanded breathlessly, and Dean sank down without a word and took Cas’ considerable length and girth into his mouth, moaning at the clean, salty taste of him, familiar and welcoming.  His tongue massaged the underside of Castiel’s cock as Dean suckled the head, drawing out coarse, broken groans from Castiel’s throat. Dean looked up, water spiking his lashes as his eyes met Cas’ heavy-lidded gaze.  Dean felt Cas’ fingers grip his hair, and he gave a little nod, relaxing his throat for what was to come. That being Cas, thrusting in the wet heat of his mouth. Dean drew back and kissed the tip of Cas' cock, tongue twirling and running over the slit, coaxing out drops of precome,
A shiver ran up his spine as he thought of the night before. He had never come that hard in his life. Though undeniably hot and filthy, being with Castiel like that had felt sacred. Dean couldn’t help but think of that old cliche; about lovemaking being better with someone you cared about. Someone you loved.
Castiel rolled his eyes heavenward. When was April not pissed lately?
Castiel laughed softly. “Body wash,” was all he said.
Emmanuel had probably been working for an hour or so, lost in his world of angels and righteous men, when the clatter of a spoon hit the table, rousing his eyes from the screen of his laptop.  He took in the large fruit and yogurt parfait in front of him and looked at Meg in question.
“Cas? What do you need right now?” Dean’s heart broke at the listless look in Castiel’s eyes, brilliant blue dulled to a near stormy grey.  He looked at Dean and shrugged.
All Castiel had wanted was a few hours of peace before he went home and began the process of dismantling his life. Instead, out of the blue, April decided that she would join him after she got out of work. After his discovery this morning, Castiel assumed tonight was perhaps a trial run for her plan.
After Lily wandered off, they stayed outside for a little while longer, Dean relaxed against him, head tilted back so he could nuzzle at Cas' neck.
“It’s okay, Dean. Tell me about your Castiel.” Emmanuel’s heart seemed to flutter as the name spilled from his mouth.
“ I guess It’s time I tell you about Castiel.” Dean’s voice was gruff as they sat under the stars.
“Car’s at Singers getting a tune-up, I figured I'd just come with you guys. I already stopped at the store yesterday and grabbed some steak and chicken skewers on sale, plus some sausages and burgers. They’re in the fridge downstairs.”
any day.
of the holiday display. Castiel led them back to the stone bench and sat down, angling himself towards Dean, leg half-crossed on the bench, other planted on the ground.
“I was going to take you to the hospital, but you woke up on the ride to tell me you were tired,” Castiel’s laugh was suspiciously wet. “You don’t remember stumbling our way down to our room?”
Castiel merely grunted as Gabriel chuckled beside him. “It’s complicated.”
After putting on his Kevlar vest, Castiel had left Gabriel to put on his own and all but ran outside to the parking lot. He didn't even pretend to be surprised when he found Sam leaning against his Continental. Expecting the younger Winchester to stay behind when the older brother who practically raised him was in danger would have been naive at best.
"Why not? I live there, too." Castiel attempted to keep the petulance from his voice, but Charlie's grin and Dean's amused expression told him he didn't quite manage it.
Dean’s shoulders shook in silent laughter as Castiel said the word with full-on air quotes and head tilt.
“She did something… well, let’s just say it’s something I am having a hard time forgiving,” Castiel laughed bitterly. “And everywhere I go, people look at me with pity. Like they are just waiting for me to burst into tears or do something besides be the robot I am.”
With a heavy heart Castiel moved to the right lane and pulled off at the travel plaza and put the car into park. He didn’t even blink before Dean’s hand fisted in his hair, dragging him across the seat until their lips pressed together, hot and needy.  Castiel clumsily unbuckled his seatbelt and straddled Dean’s lap, their mouths still sealed together.  Dean tugged at the strands of Cas’ hair and he couldn’t help but let out a deep groan.
"Hot guy, hmm?" Castiel asked, carefully tapping the ash out of the bowl into his palm and wiping it on his jeans, leaving greyish black streaks on his leg.
“Yeah, let’s avoid that. I’m pretty attached to it,” Dean teased. “Now come with me,” he said, tugging at Cas’ hands.
Before Dean could slug the asshole, Castiel’s voice filtered into the room.
"Honestly? Because I didn't know what to do with it." Castiel tilted his head and arched a brow in question at that and Dean chuckled at his husband's trademark move. "All those times he took off after mom died, supposedly grieving. And he was what? Off fucking some nurse and knocking her up?"
“Hungry?”
Castiel goggled at him. “Is that how you feel about me, then? That you’re looking for someone new and exciting?”
Dean stayed and chatted for a few more minutes before he said goodbye and drove over to the library. Garth, a gangly, cheerful man, was waiting for Dean at the entrance, with a beaming smile, which grew miraculously wider when Dean handed over the sugary goods he’d picked up.
“Gross,” Sam whined as Castiel just looked up at Dean with a fond and sappy expression, lips curled up on a smile.
“If you’re sure, Sam,” Castiel said with a nod.
"No! We’ll go. But the boy comes with us."
"I know, partner, I know."
Castiel arched a brow that made Dean shiver in all the right ways. “So, this is you testing me, hmm? Giving me an out?”
Dean seemed to straighten up, his expressive face now a stoic mask.
“You’re ridiculous,” Castiel groused, with a roll of his eyes.
Castiel lost count of how many pictures he took until the sun settled in the sky, before finally lowering his camera with a pleased hum. Castiel tipped his head back, and Dean captured his upturned lips in a soft kiss. Castiel admired how the morning light teased Dean’s golden freckles and marveled for the umpteenth time at his beauty.
“He’s a writer.”
Dean glanced at the alarm clock on the nightstand. 3:13, noting that his boyfriend, despite the cuddle session, did not appear to be falling asleep again any time soon. Dean switched on the bedside lamp, laughing when blue eyes blinked at him owlishly.
"I don't know, Dean, maybe he's embarrassed.  He told you that he wanted what he couldn't have, meaning you. That's a lot."
His fiance, Dean knew, had risen at dawn, for his morning yoga and jog on the beach. The sheets next to him were cool to the touch, and Dean set his bleary eyes on his phone, resting on the nightstand. Snatching it up, he saw that it was just shy of seven, meaning Cas would be back soon.
repeated in his head.
“Don’t be shy, tell me what you want,” Cas’ voice was like liquid smoke and Dean nearly moaned at the sound of it. Dean was pretty sure with enough time and effort, he could come untouched just from Cas’ gritty voice.
There were so many answers to that question. It wasn't the same since his Dad passed away. Dean's mom had died long before when he was just eighteen, and it had leveled his father. John Winchester had never been the same after that. It was only after he died of a heart attack a few years ago that Dean had even considered leaving Kansas. Dean hadn't wanted his broken father to be alone. With Sammy out here living his big lawyer dreams, and his relationship with Lee long over, the only thing keeping him in Kansas had been his job at
Dean felt the sharp edge of the blade press against his cheekbone.
He looked sinful; burnt-honey hair slightly tousled from Castiel’s own fingers.  Dean’s smile was bright as he tipped his head back, laughing at something Garth, the bartender said to him and he watched as it drew admiring looks from those around him. So many lascivious thoughts these people had about his husband, but he was all Castiel’s and
Alastair reached over Jack and pistol-whipped Dean so hard he saw stars and nearly let go of the wheel. Jack grabbed it for him as Dean hissed, feeling blood from his temple trickle down the side of his face.
“Just some guy, I don’t remember his name. Zack or Zeke or something. And Bobby pulls me aside, asking if I want my new boyfriend to know he wasn’t the only one I was playing hide the salami with.”
“That didn’t take long. She ain’t got nothing on that boat to do but gossip about me? “Dean muttered, sliding his hand into Castiel’s and giving him a reassuring smile. “Jody, we need to talk.”
"Of course, Dean," Castiel said, as steady as he could, "I'll be out in a few minutes."
The End
“Of course I am, Dean. I’m never leaving you again, okay? Never.” The words finished in a whisper as Dean pushed him back into the dirty sheets and if the shower and shopping got pushed back another hour, neither Castiel nor Dean could be bothered to care.
“Night, Sammy.”
"Castiel, I don't want another Bathazar situation," Gabriel warned, and Castiel scoffed, stalking around the table to rack the pool balls.
When Dean only snorted, angel-face clucked his tongue.
“Alright. I’ll be right out, okay?”
Castiel glanced up at the wall clock. The bell would be sounding in a minute.
"It'll be here quicker than you think, love."
But when Dean looked at him with his whole heart in his eyes, it didn’t seem impossible. Castiel wanted to believe that the cold, impersonal life he had always known, was now over a decade in the past; that instead of being engaged to someone he wasn’t in love with, he was happily married to the true love of his life. It was even easier to believe when he had looked in the mirror that morning.
Distant booms could be heard over the classic rock station playing softly from their bedroom, people lighting fireworks, heralding the beginning of summer. It would be like this most nights of the season, weather permitting. The air was perfumed with the scent of Cas’ flower beds and bonfires, a gorgeous night, not too humid, with a light breeze.
"Okay," Dean said, tilting his head to study him some more. "You okay, Cas?" Dean's voice concerned, and Castiel pasted on a smile.
“Samandriel and the young children were found burned to death in a barn fire that the police decreed was deliberately set. “
Castiel stood back and surveyed the backroom-turned-office.  His diploma from
"Do you think I wasn't furious? That I didn't want to punish her from trying to take you away from me?" Castiel crouched down in front of him, and Dean could see the truth of his words in the sincerity of his pleading eyes.  "I wanted to kill her myself," Castiel said, voice rough and raw. "I wanted her to suffer, but Dean, she was being used."
“Shut up,” Castiel said without heat and Dean chuckled.
"I'm sorry," Dean heard his voice dripping with pity as he looked down at the love of his life. "Dean's not home right now. Please leave a message."
With a growl and a move that made him breathless, Dean found himself on his back again, legs hooked over Castiel’s forearms as Cas finally chased his own release. The absolute bliss on Cas’ face as he thrust into Dean was breathtaking. Feeling sated and full, Dean let his hands lazily wander, rubbing cut hipbones, fingers trailing up defined abs and thumbing at hardened nipples. Castiel groaned at the touch, hips jacking faster.
“That’s fucking gross, dude,” Dean said and Castiel nodded, holding the door of a  liquor store called
“Don’t call him that," Castiel said sharply, nodding his thanks at the barista when she placed his drink in front of him. Gabriel held his hands up in defense.
"Thanks for saving me," Dean's tone was drenched in love and sincerity, and Castiel felt his heart trip and stumble at the words.
Castiel had smirked, when Dean had practically latched onto him like a barnacle, giving the tall blonde man his best Blue Steel until he walked away.
“Dean,” Castiel moved the blanked and shifted closer to his husband who was still staring at him, frozen in whatever thoughts were running through his mind. “We never got to talk properly, before the accident-”
. It was everything, until-
"Sounds good," Dean offered, "but I'm not sure what difference it will make if this ghost or whatever can just pluck anyone off the bridge like that. What if it happens again?"
Slow, unhurried movement had them sliding sinuously against one another, hands coming up to thread in each other’s hair. Castiel tipped his head back, moaning when Dean dragged his lips over his throat, pressing a wet, open-mouthed kiss to Cas’ Adam’s Apple.
The sun bloomed over the horizon, opening like a flower as gold and amber light slowly cascaded over the vibrant blue of the ocean, looking as though it could catch fire. It was spectacular, a prism of colors blending effortlessly, as the water glistened under the blush of the rising sun.
"ABC?"
Castiel did frequent the Lighthouse quite a bit. Dean had given him a key, telling him he had an all-access pass while he took all of the photos he wanted. Cas had happily taken advantage of it, making sure to get some pictures from the inside, from different vantage points on the spiral staircase. He was eager to get the photos developed; there were a few he knew would look amazing in black and white.
Shaking, they clung to each other, forehead to forehead, breathing the same air.
“Have a lovely night, boys,” Meg smirked, passing by Emmanuel and patting his cheek. “Lisa.”
Dean raised a shaky hand to card through Emmanuel’s hair, and trailed down to thumb at his salt and pepper stubble. Dean leaned forward and pressed a long kiss to his sweat-dampened temple. “All good things.”
“Now,
“Cas thought he saw Bigfoot,” Dean blurted out. “He freaked out and had us hiding behind a tree until it was safe enough to move.”
"I'm sorry," she said. "I'm so sorry. I had no choice! He said he won't bring me to them if I don't help."
“Thanks, Cas.”
Dean flicked him in the thigh earning a glare but then Dean nodded at his shoulder gesturing for Castiel to rest his head. He gratefully settled against Dean breathing in spice and leather.
Dean snickered. “ It’s probably only temporary, anyway. There just wasn’t anything available long-term right now. You know what this town is like during the summer.”
As their tongues tangled together, the faint taste of ale and sugary frybread added to the sweetness. Castiel tried to ignore Gabriel's cries of protest.
“That your kidnapping kink extends to all of my belongings?”
Castiel would base the rest of what he learned about the place through his own observations. Cas wasn’t sure what was going on at Morningstar Manor, whether any of these happenings were intelligent hauntings or merely residual, but no doubt, he would get to the bottom of it.
"Eat first, while it's hot," Dean commanded, before working on his own breakfast.
“When my dad started dating Kate, I was pissed. After my mom died, he went on like a two-year bender. He was barely reliable, couldn’t even look at me because I reminded him too much of my mom. I remember screaming at him. She would hate you! She would hate what you’ve become and how you treat us.
He thought it was tough when he thought Castiel was straight. Now knowing that Castiel didn’t care about gender, but obviously still didn’t see Dean in that light...well, it was a blow. It was easier when he could tell himself he just didn’t have the right equipment to be what Cas wanted. To know that he just wasn’t what he wanted in general…
“Baby, you need sleep,” Castiel said quietly, grinning slightly at Dean’s grunt of annoyance.
“I know it’s not the time or the place,” Dean panted against Cas’ lips, “but I really wanna make you come right now.”
Dean tugged Castiel in by the hand and cupped the back of his neck with the other hand. He leaned in to press a soft kiss between Cas’ brows.
Castiel snorted. “Yeah, I did. I was tipsy.”
“I don’t know, Sammy. That’s the God’s honest truth. I had problems that had nothin’ to do with your Mom. They were there before she died, and they were there after. It’s just not something I can ever truly know.”
At Dean’s words, Castiel's face became stoic and he immediately felt like a moron.
Castiel stopped taking photos and turned to look at Dean. The sunlight on his hair teased out a motley of colors ranging from rich brown caramel and ginger to old gold. The effect was too ethereal for him not to take a picture and Dean's face snapped to his when he heard the click of the shutter. Eyes like Autumn Leaves sparkled back at him, alight with humor.
It was the best Castiel was going to get, and he knew it.
“Cas, this is my ex,” Dean said, and he watched as Castiel’s gaze flashed to Leo’s.
“You don’t know him, Michael," Castiel continued, focusing on mossy green eyes with flecks of gold, waiting for that spark. "You have no idea how strong he is. Dean, you have to expel him; he can’t hurt me. No matter what he said to you, I promise. Just come back, Dean.”
"It looks like it's starting to open up ahead, "Jack said, voice shaky, and Dean could see that he was right.
than content, Cas looked happy. Totally, unequivocally joyful as he wrapped Dean’s western collection and put them in the box open on the couch. And it was because of
That night, Castiel had been so close to confessing everything, to unburdening himself to Dean, looking for solidarity and support. Hours, minutes. Then the accident happened and April had died and Castiel didn’t want to talk about anything. Didn’t think he could without every word dripping with acid and he was afraid people wouldn’t understand why. That they would think he should forgive and forget, and grieve. He couldn’t. Castiel wasn’t there yet. He wasn’t sure he ever would be.
"Is that what he's going by? Tsk tsk tsk," the man clicked his tongue. "It isn't polite to lie, Jack," the man's teeth clicked on the name as he cocked his head. "Why don't we have a seat, and you tell Mr. Guidance Counselor here, how we know each other?" Dean swallowed down the question of how the man knew what his job was.
“Okay. I know this is a lot. I promise you both, you can go home soon. But we could use all the help we can get to I.D. this man, okay? If you don’t recognize any of the pictures that Officer Milton shows you, I’m going to have you work with a sketch artist.”
He thought of his stark white bedroom and the stupid jersey cow cream dispenser.
Sunlight now poured through the blinds giving Dean an ethereal glow and Castiel wanted to burn the sight and sound of their sweat-damped skin sliding together in his memory forever.
“So get this: This guy is camping with his brother on the opposite side of the bathhouse, and last night they heard crazy noises.” Sam nearly whispered, and Castiel did not allow himself to meet Dean’s eyes.
"It was good," Castiel said as Dean tossed his coveralls onto his workbench, "The Big Ryan's Tall Tales event went extremely well."
The car creaked as they raced to completion, a cacophony of grunts, moans, and groans merging with the sharp sounds of nature, and one well-placed twist of Cas wrist as his cockhead brushed Dean's prostate was all it took. Dean arched, locking up on a silent cry as his orgasm rushed through him, cum pulsing from his cock over Castiel's knuckles. When Dean relaxed his clenching, Cas moved to pull out, but Dean whined in protest.
Dean raked a hand through his hair. “Yeah. Sam’s supposed to pick them up at the airport Saturday morning. I feel like they should know right away, but it would be kind of cruel, don’t you think?”
at coming up with distractions,” Dean said, pulling a lighter out of his pocket to light the citronella candle on the picnic table. It was dark and warm, and the mosquitos were starting to bite. He then went into their own stash of beer, pulling three bottles out by the neck and passing them around.
“Dean’s stalker,” she said and Meg choked on a sip of her beer.
Dean glanced at Sam in the passenger seat, his brother looking content to be in the familiar spot. When Dean had pulled over on the bridge, it was like he just knew. He knew Sam was there, lumbering behind him like the giant sasquatch he was. It had felt like both forever and five minutes since he’d seen his baby brother.  Time worked differently here, as Bobby said.
The bagel slices popped from the toaster, and Dean turned back to take them out, place them on a plate, and slather them with cream cheese.
Dean leaned in, catching Castiel’s pillowy bottom lip with his teeth, then let go. “Sounds good to me,” He murmured before indulging in another taste of Cas’ mouth, kissing him deep and languid. And if they needed a shower after their bath, they certainly weren’t complaining.
need to talk about this.” Mild irritation quickly flared to anger and the only thing that banked it down was the look of abject misery in Dean’s expressive eyes. His desire to banish that look from Dean’s face superseded his vexation.
There was Crowley, who owned Gabriel’s favorite bar. He seemed kind of smarmy; the way his eyes roamed over Dean’s body had Castiel staring him down in challenge. Of course, that had only amused Dean, until Dick’s second in command, Bartholomew, introduced himself with nothing but eyes for Cas.
“This is four years of unrequited lust coupled with unrequited love; it’s lucky we don’t spontaneously combust,” Castiel’s voice set fires along Dean’s skin, smooth and whiskey-soaked.
“You’re serious? I haven’t even put the place on the market yet. I have no idea how long it could take to sell. What if you’re stuck with me for a long time?” The hope and relief in Castiel’s tone at the possibility of an out seemed to relax Dean and his face lost the uncertain expression for his standard cocky smile.
“You got it buddy, but try and be more careful, I’m nearly out.”
“So, is it true that you’re going to the Valentine’s Day dance?”
Someone was hiding.
.” Bobby’s cabin had two small bedrooms and a small loft room that he would share with Cas. His Sasquatch of a brother would take the couch.
“Oh,” Dean remarked as they pulled into the driveway of the keeper’s house, “You might want to text Chuck or message the Church’s Facebook page. I guarantee you there will be some go fund me link raising your bail.”
tones of his love bellow and rolled his eyes affectionately.
Castiel’s stomach had been twisted in jealousy and an irrational feeling of betrayal.
So, honestly, Dean torturing himself by getting close to Cas was actually nothing new, he thought in mock cheerfulness, eyes dropping down to where Castiel was passed out against him and couldn’t help his lips kicking up in a soft smile. Somehow, despite how it fucked him up, Dean was too weak to keep himself at a distance.
All in all, Frank and Marv weren’t bad guys. A little bizarre, Dean observed as they cracked open some of their homebrew to share, but harmless. When they arrived, they all shook hands good-naturedly and chatted while Dean cooked burgers and hot dogs to order on the camp stove.
“I imagine we have to make it through the fireworks at least,” Castiel managed, pulling back and putting a hand to his husband’s chest. “That was kind of the point in coming here,” Castiel pointed out drily.
Dean no longer heard the echo over the water or the small creatures skittering through the trees. All he could hear was the harsh pants of Castiel above him and the rough sound of himself stripping his cock, a little dry, but too fucking turned on to care.
Gabriel snorted, “Yeah, well, no one says your fresh start has to be in
Dean quirked a grin and went for playful. “I can tell you I’m feeling no pain right now,” he felt a twinge in his ass and smirked. “Well, mostly.”
"Cas just recited a beautiful poem, that's all," Becky said, and Castiel watched as Dean's eyes went soft.
, Cas always forgot how good this was, Dean’s slick walls squeezing his cock deliciously with every sliding stroke.
“I’m sorry my accident and memory loss have been such an inconvenience,” Castiel deadpanned.
“Cas, it’s 2019. You broke up with April thirteen years ago and we’ve been together ever since.” Dean said it slowly, watching as Castiel processed his words with disbelief etched on his handsome face.
“Seven people, Dean. He murdered seven people, three of them children. How can I pass up the opportunity to help them crossover?”
cupcakes for Cesar and Jesse Cuevas’ teenage daughter’s Quinceanera.  They’d barely seen each other at all. Dean had been crashing early, with Kevin out on vacation this week, and he’d needed to go in early every day to help Gabriel, not coming home until dinner nearly every day and falling asleep against Emmanuel’s shoulder in front of the television most nights.
, she’d said, but the kid was pretty adorable.
"I can be really friendly back in my cabin," Castiel said, with a teasing cock of his head.
An online search told them that Anna Milton was a widow, native to Salt Meadow Harbour. A year before Castiel was kidnapped, On September 15th, Anna Milton along with her husband Michael and their eight-year-old son Emmanuel James had been involved in a car accident with a drunk driver. Though she had survived, the head-on collision claimed the lives of both her husband and son. Poor Emmanuel had died on his own birthday.
Castiel, shaken by his epiphanies, had somehow continued to set up his office and made sure to adamantly reassure Dean that he needn't worry about Cas doing anything he didn't want to do,
He couldn’t explain what came over him. Just seeing that cocky smirk on Leo’s face, as if what he had done to Dean was just a big joke. Castiel could only hope that Dean wouldn’t see him as some jealous neanderthal. Cas glowered up at the TV when he saw Trump’s face filling the screen, and wondered if it would be inappropriate to ask them to change it to the Food Network.
Castiel took the mirror and used it to look at his reflection. Ink black wings with swirling hints of blue and purple graced his shoulders and back. They seemed to ripple like feathers in a breeze when he moved and Castiel couldn’t believe that such a stunning piece of art made its home on his body. He couldn’t tear his eyes away. What shocked Castiel even more, was that despite his astonishment, the lifelike image felt like it
“I still think we should have rented a jeep. Do you know how much money you're gonna-
“I know.”
“Again?” Castiel cut Sam off and angled his head up at Dean, who groaned in annoyance.
house they seemed to be stuck in. At least for the time being. He didn't want to say anything to Castiel, because his future husband was already looking at him with anxious, worried speculation in his expressive blue eyes. Although judging by the guilty way Cas was looking at Dean now, perhaps it was he who should be worried.
“Seriously, though, you okay? This is complete bullshit,” Dean leaned back and laced their hands. “I called Sam, because apparently even wasted, he still retains his knowledge of the law. He said with a first offense like this, you’re probably going to have to pay a fine. Judge Moseley’s on in the morning, I’ve known her my whole life. She’s hard, but fair.”
"There's something here," Castiel said, as he returned to Dean's side, sliding his palm against Dean's and lacing their fingers. "It's hiding. I can feel it, even now, watching us."
Castiel glanced at Dean who was now back behind the bar and found his expressive eyes were already lit on him. Cas wished the man was close enough for him to admire their moss-green depths. Dean threw him a soft smile before turning his attention back to his brother. Castiel reached into his trench coat pocket and pulled out his digital camera. He'd gotten in the habit of keeping it on him nowadays. Charlie smiled cheekily at him as he pointed the camera in her direction. Turning back towards Dean, he zoomed in and snapped a picture of him in mid-laugh.
“Are you gonna go?” Dean asked, and Castiel scrubbed a hand over his face, the sound of his raspy stubble audible with the motion.
“Are we potheads?” Castiel found himself asking and Dean let out a bark of laughter.
He felt suffocated in his own home. Castiel laughed bitterly as he flipped through the mail. Not that the feeling was anything new. God knew Castiel had been feeling that way for a while. He needed to call his therapist.  Was that something Castiel should have done? Should he have invited her to the funeral?
"Hmm, this is nice," Dean said into Castiel's shoulder, as he lounged back against Dean's chest. "It's not as good as your lemon stuff, but it's still good."
"Quit stumbling," Alistair hissed in his ear as they began to walk through the rows of cars, skating empty carriages with their sale flyers stuck in the slats and flapping in the breeze.
"Yeah, Yeah. Tone it down, blue-eyes. That shit doesn't work on me," Dean said, infusing his voice with a confidence he did not feel in the slightest. Thank Christ he'd worn his boxers tonight. Dean knew if he'd gone with the junk-cupping silk pink panties he sometimes indulged in and had to deal with the walking orgasm standing in front of him, he wouldn't have survived. No doubt he'd have jerked off in the bathroom by now, with Cas' sexy, stubbled face frozen as an image in his mind.
“Tonight, I want to make love. I want to open you up, and fuck you deep until the only thing we are is a livewire of bliss,” the words made him gasp and Dean reached out to clutch at Emmanuel’s hips, dragging him closer, until he sank and straddled Dean’s thighs.  Emmanuel braced himself on Dean’s shoulders as he edged closer and Dean adjusted until their cocks lined up, twin whines escaping at the contact.
"With
off Castiel's face before he slid off the car. Castiel followed suit, pausing when his own cell phone rang. No doubt, Sam, since Dean had ignored his call.
"Oh my God," Castiel didn't even recognize the high pitched tone of his own voice. He'd never felt anything like this, Dean's steady hand was playing him like a fiddle, and it was intoxicating. Dean's hand was dry, but he was dripping so copiously, it was the perfect friction. When he had tried this with Daphne, it had been a disaster, her grip too light and hesitant, and Cas' lack of desire, making it an impossibly awkward endeavor. But now, with Dean's hands on him, it was perfection. Dean's breath was hot against his skin, and his green and gold eyes wide with desperate need.  Castiel gripped Dean's shoulder with his free hand, clinging to Dean as his sun, smoke, and salt scent surrounded him like a blanket; Cas could barely breathe. He tried to keep up, stripping Dean's cock with enthusiasm, but Dean's fingers on his cock were distracting. Dean seemed to sense that Cas was overwhelmed, and Castiel suddenly felt Dean's hand slide over his own, guiding him to gather both of their straining members. Fingers laced together and slick with precome, Dean guided the movement of their hands.
“Well, what do we have we here, boys?  Stargazing? Seeing galaxies in each other's eyes and all that?” Meg leaned against the door jam, eyes twinkling wickedly.
“Uh, yeah, so Sammy’s here. He’s gonna stay with us until Eileen gets here. That’s okay, right?” Dean asked. “I mean, I know you don’t sleep, and this ain’t the bunker but-”
“Quite,” Castiel said gravely, hiding his amusement behind a cough.
"Yeah, well. You're pretty sexy too," Castiel teased. It was true. Like their first meeting, Dean, was dressed in chainmail, sword strapped to his side, clad in stretchy leggings that only accentuated his deliciously bowed-legs.
Castiel whirled around and found himself face to face with the ghostly woman.  Up close, she was even more frightening. Nearly translucent, her hair still managed to look dank and oily, hanging in lifeless clumps around her nightgown clad shoulders. The hint of purple bruises was shadowed beneath her eyes and bespoke of exhaustion, but more than anything, she just looked wretchedly sad.
from the Song of Solomon, and their wedding vows, which Castiel liked to quote when he was feeling overly romantic.
A random firework burst from somewhere nearby and the sound seemed to jolt Dean back from his musings, but Emmanuel was patient. His heart bled for the scared little boy Dean must have been to witness his best friend taken from him like that. He couldn’t even begin to imagine how that had fucked with his psyche.
Through the windows, Castiel could see the other officers on duty, one of them, Jody Mills, who was currently on the phone. He could have called Gabriel, though Cas suspected he would never hear the end of it, and he also knew that Dean was more than likely on his way. Castiel’s stomach twisted at the thought, as he worried about how angry Dean was going to be.
“I know, sweet boy,” Castiel’s fingers trailed down from Dean’s hair to the long column of his neck. “I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“You passed out. Scared the fuck out of me,” Castiel said, hand reaching out to card through Dean’s hair. “Sam and I carried you to the Impala.“
“I’m sorry, should I be making this easy for you after what you did?” Dean bit out, and Michael shook his head sadly.
They were met with beaming smiles from Castiel’s parents when they saw him reenter the pavilion tucked in close to Dean’s body. He left Dean to speak with them as he took Michael aside, rewarding Daphne a small smile which she tentatively returned, with a dash of hope glimmering in her eyes.
“Guard dog?” Alistair asked, raising a brow at Dean, before settling his watery blue eyes on Castiel.
“Dean? What are you talking about?” The concern in Cas’ voice was ironic.
Dean scoffed. “No.” He totally was.
"Who won't?" Castiel asked, but Leticia only shook her head.
“Hang on- give me-” Dean tripped through the door as it jerked open, cackling as Emmanuel kicked it shut and proceeded to alternate between pushing Dean into the living room towards the overstuffed chair and removing his clothing.
Castiel laughed, feeling warm and tipsy. “You mean I have to stay overnight in a lovely home with a spectacular view of the sea, after enjoying delicious shrimp scampi, cherry pie, and wine? What a hardship.”
