"You have no idea how much you lost when you left the room, Mycroft," John said. He was happy but a little tired.
John closed his eyes when he heard Aaron's cheerful voice. Stoner's presence was another thing he hated. He looked at his stalker. Aaron was smiling in that annoying way of his as he came closer to them. But with every move, Stoner's face grew more serious. When he stopped in front of them, his smile disappeared completely, replaced by disbelief and shock. He looked at John, and Mycroft without a word, giving him a shocked look.
John looked at the genius. Perhaps he was looking for some advice. Maybe he hoped that he would take the lead and help him get through the subject. Mycroft, however, seemed uninterested in making the conversation. John sighed, rubbed his thighs and cleared his throat. "It wasn't the best at first, but over time it turned out that ..." he fell silent, thinking about the right choice of words, "... despite the differences, we can come to an agreement. Even in difficult situations. Although we rarely have the same opinion ... ".
"And as you knew, he doesn't let an ordinary person to approach his brother," Francesca added. "You appreciated him, Mycroft" she gave the genius a meaningful look.
Sherlock looked surprised as if he didn't know what John meant. But John knew Sherlock was aware of his behavior. "Does it bother you?"
John was worried. Mycroft must have sensed his fear because he raised his arm slightly and looked at him with one eye.
Instead of this, Mycroft clenched his teeth even more. "There is no point in having this conversation, John. There was a sudden change in plans, so you need to bring your appearance to order as soon as possible ..." Mycroft calmed down a bit and showing his total indifference towards John, turned on his heel and looked at his watch.
Mycroft bit his tongue at the last moment. He sighed, glancing quickly at his nails. "Sherlock and I ..." he hesitated. He remembered what he had promised his brother, so he had to refrain from revealing the details of their conversation. "We had a little discussion."
It sounded strange from the mouth of someone refusing to reveal his face. He looked at an elegant pair of trousers and shiny shoes. The only things the shadow couldn't cover. "And could this concerned friend tell me why I'm here?"
As their boat trip came to an end, Mycroft decided to remind John of the last important advice. "John, remember. I will introduce you to the guests. If a woman reaches her hand out to you, shake it, but don't kiss unless she gives you a sign to do so..."
"Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong" A clear, calm voice spread across the room.
"It was an adviser to the President of the United States" Mycroft interrupted him and crossed his arms over his chest. He waited for John's reaction, but he only stared at him for a moment, then hid behind the shower curtain with a slight smile on his face.
Of course. He heard the carriage before it even pulled up to the door. One of the axles needed daily lubrication. The broken axle creaked softly but rhythmically, driving him crazy. This caused a nervous tic in his eye and teeth grinding. Usually, he would postpone another trip until one of the servants had the axle fixed, but not this time. He had specific plans for the night. The meeting he was waiting for.
He smiled and gave a soft, short laugh. "Nice to see you too, Lestrade," he paused, giving his friend time to catch his breath. "By virtue of my profession I would like to note ..." he began in a slightly mocking tone, "that this kind of exercise is not advisable at your age" he finished with a smirk.
"Focus", Holmes leaned towards him and unexpectedly took his face in his hands. "Bring back memories of last night."
He was too involved in all of this to back out now. The Ripper case left its mark on him. He couldn't just go back to his old life. He didn't want to do this. He was aware of how much he could lose. But there were also some good sides. A close relationship with a detective, the prospect of catching a ruthless murderer and changing his boring life. How could he abandon it all and return to a grey existence, filled with monotony and fear for his mental health? However, his main goal was to save women from a cruel death. He couldn't live with the knowledge that he had given up punishing the monster who had murdered innocent women. His training and character had allowed him to put an end to the Ripper's activities and to avert the atmosphere of horror in the city.
"It's Mycroft," Sherlock muttered, quickly turning off his phone and putting it in his pocket. "He urges me to write down his number."
"My moustache, to be more specific" he quickly replied, pointing to his face. "He thinks it makes me look old".
"I happen to drink coffee when I am among people, just because others drink it too. Sometimes it is appropriate to do so," he added, still completely confused by such a strange conversation. His answer caused an even bigger smile on his friend's face.
"I will leave you now with some wise words from a great Irish playwright I once met. Never judge anyone shortly... every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future".
"Oh, mio Dio. John, what happen? You looks pensive and pale ... Why are you standing on this hall alone?"
John waited a moment, then finally got out of bed with a small smile, passed Mycroft and stood in front of the bathroom door. "Give me ten minutes."
He leaned a little towards Holmes, squinting his eyes and concentrating. It was difficult for him to hear the detective's muffled voice through the noise and screams. Their eyes finally met.
"Mycroft is sitting in his bedroom thinking about how to make another bite of the cake not so painful for his stomach. Your fist seems more effective than all the diets he has been struggling with over the past decade, John." Sherlock's smile was so contagious and his biting remarks too funny for a doctor to be able to remain serious. He smiled under his breath and put his hand on his stomach. The mention of the cake reminded him that he ate practically nothing but breakfast, although the sun was starting to hide behind the horizon already.
"I had to clarify a few things with Sherlock. I wasn't going to take your time, that's why I decided to come when he was alone."
John raised his hand in goodbye and looked at the apartment windows. It was early in the morning. The shops were still closed and the traffic on the street was just starting. He hoped the early hours would save him from talking to Sherlock. He was going to get enough sleep and reconsider his decision. When he opened the door, the hope vanished as quickly as the coffee in his cup. He heard the soft sounds of a violin, as well as a sudden silence that meant Sherlock was aware of his return. He sighed. Each step up the stairs was getting more difficult and slower. His body seemed to fail him immediately. He went on the higher floor, and when he opened the door, his heart stopped beating for a moment. He saw Sherlock staring directly at him, as well as Mycroft, who looked like he was preparing to leave. There was absolute silence in the room. The sun's rays shining through the windows, illuminated the dusty living room, but it prevented John from examining the Holmes brothers closely. He squinted his eyes, trying to make out at least a scrap of emotion in their faces. He sniffed. He smelled two perfumes. The soft scent of Mycroft and the slightly sharper but still nice cologne that Sherlock used. The brothers were as silent as he was. They stood there, staring at him. And he realized there was no point in dragging it out. Broken heart. What did it matter when it was supposed to burst? Now or tomorrow? The pain will be the same anyway, regardless of the environment and time. No matter how prepared he would be. Sherlock and Mycroft expected him to act and make a decision, so the further delay was only delaying the inevitable. He swallowed and gasped, his fingers involuntarily tightening around his empty coffee cup.
"Of course, John. He probably mentioned that half of this city is on his service as long as the congress is on. Don't worry and order what you like," he said, without taking his eyes off the menu. John decided not to argue. He wanted to say goodbye to Anthea, but he only saw her disappear somewhere in a small crowd. After a moment, the waiter appeared next to their table. He took the order only after the third time. When he disappeared, John leaned over to his pleased friend.
"Because now ..." Mycroft pulled away from him and grasped his hand firmly "... we will make love." He pulled him towards the bedroom. Along the way, they started to take off unnecessary things, finding time for kisses and caresses. Mycroft felt John devoted himself to him completely. He was walking, - actually trying to do it with eyes closed, - kissing him. He trembled every time the doctor bit his ear and stroked his back with his fingers. When they fell on the bed, they got rid of the last layer of clothing and moaned as they cuddled up to their naked bodies. He knew how to get John into ecstasy. He sucked on his neck and slowly began to move his hips. He swallowed every sigh. He was greedy but not selfish. When they were both ready, he reached for the things prepared in the drawer of the bedside table. He knelt between John's legs and slowly started to prepare him for the most important and pleasant part. With misty eyes, he watched the pleasure that was written on his face. He could hear moaning and pleading, but he only entered into him when he was sure he would not hurt him. They moaned loudly and the lust made their movements faster and wilder with each passing moment. All this time he embraced John, he didn't let him rest. He was deliberately pressing his body against him as if to show him that he had made a choice and that this is how their nights will look from now on. John tried to give him pleasure too. He was lying on his back, clenching his muscles, giving him incredible pleasure. He put his arms around him and moaned with each move, begging for more. But Mycroft wasn't going to stop at this one time. When he felt that he would come in a moment, he moved away from John, barely able to bear his protests and helped him come with his fingers and tongue. He didn't feel disgusted, he didn't even think about it. He wanted to know his taste, he wanted to know everything about him. When John trembled with pleasure, he watched his reactions with real desire. He remembered every muscle twitch, every movement, and place that vibrated in spasms. But for John, it wasn't enough. He was barely conscious, he pulled him to his body, surrounded him with all limbs and almost forced him to enter him again. Mycroft didn't mind. He wanted to feel pleasure with John. Despite the initial pain and discomfort, he noticed on his face, the unpleasant moments turned into another dose of moaning, pleading and stronger pushes. The pleasure was so great that after a few moves, Mycroft shuddered, froze, let out a loud moan and fell on the satisfied John, cuddling in his hot and wet body. They did it two more times that night. They were still not satisfied. They wanted and desired each other. They did not fall asleep until morning, but after three hours of rest, Mycroft wakes up suddenly to see if John was still there. He couldn't sleep anymore. He watched the doctor's restful sleep while arranging things linked to the new day.
Mycroft raised a corner of his mouth. "I believe you are in a better position than Mrs. Hudson, who will probably hear some comments about her cooking today." The quiet giggle that came from John's throat was the first pleasant sound Mycroft heard that day. He looked at him with pure pleasure written on his face. He was glad that despite the tense atmosphere created by recent events, he managed to make John laugh, which was often not an easy task. He would look at him longer, but he felt they were being watched. He did not want to know if he was right, and although his eyes involuntarily wandered toward the upper floor windows, he forced himself to stand still. He knew the best solution was to say goodbye to John and get in the car. He felt that he should not prolong the conversation with the doctor, although he was sincerely eager for a longer discussion and to be able to look at his silver hair, which for some reason he could not take his eyes off. He looked back, giving the soundless order for the driver to open the door for him. The man immediately left the black car and opened the side door without a word. Mycroft saw understanding in John's eyes, so he reached out his hand. John's hand was warm and the grip was firm and steady. Mycroft hesitated for a split second whether to raise his hand to his mouth, as he used to do in the last two weeks. He gave up this type of farewell. He still had the impression that somebody stared at him, so he returned the warm handshake. It lasts a little longer than necessary, but he couldn't resist. He also smiled honestly and nodded. When he got into the car, he rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. He expected a visit to Baker Street to be stressful, but he did not expect that waiting for another meeting with John would be even more difficult for him.
"John!" he shouted despite the circumstances. "You are incomparable as usual." He came to his friend, grabbed his cheeks and kissed his crown. Later he picked up the book from the floor. He opened the cover quickly, flipped a few pages, and smiled triumphantly. A small hole was cut in the middle of the book. Inside was an elegant silver USB memory stick. "It's so cliché it's almost brilliant," he said. He quickly put it in his pocket and put the book back in its place.
John shook his head, snorting with a sarcastic smile. "Do not try playing this game with me, Mycroft Holmes. Pretending to be uninterested and haughty does not impress me.
"I'm not going to sit for a few hours and listen to Mycroft. Besides, I have other plans for the evening. I still need to find some information ..."
Their conversation was interrupted by a cheerful and light footstep spreading across the marble floor. John was overwhelmed by a strange feeling, and for some reason, he didn't want to turn away to see if his fears were real.
John knew that Sherlock could play one of his trained roles, but for some reason, he also knew he was really thinking what he said. The two-year mission taught him that it is better to trust his best friend and not expose him to painful experiences and mourning again. He might have had good intentions at the time, but now the matter was too serious to face it again alone. He was glad that Sherlock finally seemed to appreciate his help and presence. He felt almost euphoric at the thought of a two-month mission alongside his friend. It wasn't just the euphoria associated with adrenaline. He enjoyed the opportunity to spend time with him the way he had never done it before. They were to experience weeks full of danger and closeness at the same time. Sleeping in the open air and fighting adversities in unknown areas. Weeks of supporting and relying only on each other. For now, John had seen only the positives, but he knew that it would verify the first days and the first major crises that would surely await their group. He liked the idea of sleeping right next to each other and hugging each other to warm up on rainy days. The images in his head were so tempting and dangerous that he forgot for a moment that the reality was not as colorful as in his hidden dreams. He sobered up only when he realized that the hand he had been holding on his friend's shoulder so far went slowly and gently up his neck and stopped on his pale cheek. Sherlock stared at him with visible surprise in his eyes. He blinked quickly and his skin was getting warmer. John wanted to pull him down. Put his fingers on his back and feel his body next to him. It was dangerous and completely unlike him. Sherlock might have thought something wrong about him. He was the least afraid to show what he really felt for his friend. He was afraid of rejection, which he would be sure if his feelings were ever revealed. He straightened up. He cleared his throat. He took his hand from Sherlock's cheek when the genius made a strange move as if he wanted to cuddle into his warm hand. He didn't notice it. He was too absorbed in not showing his true intentions. He patted Sherlock on the back so hard that the genius almost lost his balance and fell forward.
"Aaron wanted to show me this place, but he changed his plans at the last minute. He has no time today, but since you and Sherlock are both free, maybe we'll use the last moments in Venice and visit interesting places?". Her cheerful tone caused pain in John's heart, which was very strange because he hadn't bothered by the thought that something might happen between her and Sherlock. Maybe it was because he doubted that anything would ever happen between them, or maybe it was because he felt rejected by a friend who treated him as if he did not exist? He didn't take his eyes off Sherlock, who probably felt it because he never looked up from the menu card.
Genius was angry, or at least irritated. He tightly pressed his lips together, lowered his hands, and turned to the door. "I'm leaving. I'm late already ...".
"Then what?" John asked. He was angry and a bit curious. He stood still with his hand on the door handle. Mycroft saw his challenging attitude. He was fed up with this protracted discussion too, and was slowly losing his patience. He got up from the chair and walked over to John.
Sherlock snorted and shook his head. "Please, Mycroft. Your envelope bait has served its purpose. John and I are here, so you can let go of all these secrets".
John watched as Mycroft and the other man walked deeper into the restaurant. There was another man at the end of the corridor. He bowed when he saw Holmes. Mycroft entered the corridor and closed the door. They were made of glass, so John saw them both - the manager and his husband. They both treated each other with respect. John was so intrigued watching them, he didn't notice when someone sat down opposite him. It took a moment for him to focus on the man sitting in Mycroft's chair. He instantly rolled his eyes seeing this sneaky smile.
If only he sat down. If only he had the courage and looked away. If he had not been so lost in his thoughts and forgot for a moment about what was ending, he would have noticed the intensity with which Mycroft looked at him and the longing in Sherlock's eyes. If only he looked back, he would understand how much he meant to Holmes brothers, and especially to one of them.
Aaron's gaze passed over the sitting men and he stopped at John. "I'm glad we're all here, although I came here only for one particular person," he said without embarrassment. He was too focused on John to notice Sherlock, who was starting to eat his own teeth, or the sharp eyes of Mycroft, who was staring at him from his seat. He realized that nobody would offer him to sit in a chair. He didn't blame them, because he knew the feelings his presence caused. Without embarrassment, he pulled one of the chairs up and put it right next to the couch. He sat up and brushed his knee against John's leg. A hard leg that he felt like ripping off the pant leg and caressing John's skin with his fingers. He didn't even have to say his desires out loud. His eyes betrayed his lust and motives. His black pupils made John shiver.
Mycroft's quiet entrance to the room interrupted her. John looked at him and almost shook his head. His husband looked impeccable, as usual, despite the fact that he had been in the bathroom a moment earlier. He was wearing a three-piece suit and elegant shoes on his feet. He approached them, then kissed her hand with a small smile.
"He gave you one of those speeches of his?" the detective's voice cut through the shooting fire that instantly engulfed the dry pieces of wood.
"It's like this whenever our famous murderer butchers another victim. Suddenly the whole city wakes up and rushes to the scene of the crime, taking all means of transport from us. We are forced to run a few miles to secure and investigate body before curious people do it for us. "
After a moment, John calmed down and looked at Mycroft. He was glad that his husband could sleep well that night. He didn't mind sharing a single bed with him, but they were still waiting for the change of apartment, so he doubted that Mycroft would decide to show such weakness like this night again. With a soft sigh, John grabbed clean clothes and entered the bathroom.
"Well, maybe he didn't say it that way, but he insisted and ..." Molly seemed to sense Sherlock's dissatisfaction, so she fell silent and turned her head, looking at the genius. Sherlock gave her a dark and mysterious look from above the menu card.
"That too. I hope that one of them will finally take matters into their own hands," sighed the mother of Sherlock and Mycroft.
The rest of the dinner was pleasant. John enjoyed the company and cheerful conversations, but once in a while, he caught Mycroft's gaze. The older man was relaxed and calm, and the chill in his eyes was replaced by a warm spark that glowed until the end of the evening.
Aaron knew if he wanted to achieve his goals he needed sacrifice. Not a literal sacrifice with a splash of blood on the walls, or a tight loop on the throat. It was about people who provoked others with their naivety and innocence. If Aaron wanted to succeed, he would have to sacrifice someone unimportant, someone, after whom he would not feel remorse, even if such a person would be hurt. He knew this from an early age, so he managed to learn how to manipulate human feelings. But it was hard if people were as intelligent as he was. Mycroft Holmes for example or his little brother. To reach someone like Mycroft, he first had to find and then hit his weak point. And although he immediately realized that Holmes's marriage was mere fiction and he knew his weakness, his plans changed as soon as he saw Mycroft's chosen one, and John became an end in itself. However, as it turned out John's weak point was Mycroft's younger brother - Sherlock. Interestingly, he returned the feeling to the doctor just as much. So, if Aaron could not achieve his goal in the chosen way, he had to try to do something else and reach for more sophisticated and less suspicious methods, but not necessarily less unpleasant.
John couldn't stand it. He turned his head quickly and stared at him irritably. "Your cock, you utter cock!" he shouted loudly so that no one would have any doubts. For a second, he regretted his words, because Mycroft entered him to the root with one move, but the shock and discomfort lasted briefly. With each thrust, pleasure poured throughout his body. Mycroft hammered into him with a controlled rhythm, sighing and groaning softly. Sherlock held him tightly in his arms and was gasping straight into his ear. He was trapped, unable to move. However, it was a trap in which he could stay for the rest of his life. He allowed his body to feel the pleasure given to him on both sides. Mycroft set the frustrating slow speed of the thrusts and kept his hips in place, but then gave him back control. John began to move his hips back and forth, fucking Sherlock and fucking himself on Mycroft's cock.
"Seer or what?" she asked. She looked at them with confusion, but after a while, she understood who she was dealing with. "Wait ... You're the detective. What was your name? Holmes?" She mused, "Was it you who faked your death and fooled everyone?" Her expression changed. She cheered up. "Ha! You're a rascal. Your loved ones must have nerves of steel." She looked at John. "I feel sorry for you ". She didn't allow any of them to answer. She threw a thick braid off her shoulder. "I'm leaving now. Maybe I can find something stronger than the juices and water they propose here." She turned and walked deeper into the hall without saying goodbye.
Mycroft was aware that his words troubled John. He looked away, giving him the illusory opportunity to rest from his intense gaze. "Our relationship deepened very quickly and suddenly. You may have had problems controlling your feelings and emotions." His voice was warm and nice. He used this tone mainly for John, but partly for himself because he sensed that the answer to the question he was about to ask would not be the most pleasant. At least its result, because he was convinced that John would wrap it in a thick layer of fluff and decorate it with a bow before he responded specifically. "What was your thought when my brother joined us? Did you want him to be in my place? Did you think about Sherlock when you were... with me?" he asked slowly. His only goal was to make the doctor aware that the feelings he had for Sherlock were the subconscious desire to be someone more than his best friend.
"Of course not. But I didn't expect you this early in the morning. Mycroft is taking a bath, but he should join us soon," John said. He offered her a place on the couch, but she walked briskly to the window and looked out.
From the noises, John knew Mycroft had gotten up from his armchair as well. "Jealousy is normal when it comes to a love triangle. We both want him, but in this situation, I could accept that I wouldn't be the only man in his life. How about you?"
John rested his elbows on the wide railing with real relief. He sighed with his eyes closed. "I wonder if Molly will find us."
"John!" she said cheerfully and immediately got up off her seat. He returned her smile, but he couldn't get as much enthusiasm as she. He had no idea why Sherlock took her with him.
"Then" he began in a slightly weak voice and inaudibly cleared his throat, "I'm not going to disappoint your expectations, John," he added more confidently. "I will do exactly what you told me to do."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and a corner of his mouth. It was obvious that in a moment he would say something nagging. "You told our mom the same thing after she didn't knock on your door that day." If he could, he would hear John's quiet and cheerful chuckle. Unfortunately, his attention was distracted by Molly, who appeared next to him, and pulled him by the arm. Strangely, he did not protest, he did not pull away. He walked with her to the door, but he looked at his brother all the time.
It took several more hours for John to regenerate enough. He was able to open his eyes without forcing himself too much. The sun was still shining outside the window, but he had no idea if it was still the same day. He lay in one position - on his hands for a long time. His hands pressed against his empty stomach made him feel bad. He had the feeling that he would vomit. He didn't feel half his body and the left side of his face. He turned on his back, took a deep breath and tried to ignore hunger. He managed to get out of bed somehow. He stood on his limp legs, smoothed his disheveled hair in one move and straightened his crumpled clothes and buttoned the last two buttons in his gray-white vest. His tiredness disappeared almost as quickly as Sherlock, who was not in the room. John had to eat something, that was his priority. He thought if he wasn't in such a dignified hotel, and the dishes were not so exquisite, he would buy a large portion of chicken, he saw in a bar, two streets away.
"Sherlock ... why exactly did you come to Venice?" he asked, taking a long pause. Perhaps it was because he had been waiting for an answer, or perhaps because he wanted to give Sherlock time to figure this out himself. "At first I thought your behavior was just a whim, but when we got home nothing had changed...". John paused, rubbed his eyes, and found out that he had been standing in one place for a while, his hands clenched nervously. "Sometimes I feel like I'm just a pawn in your game. But I keep telling myself that you can't be such a sophisticated asshole who doesn't pay attention to the feelings of others. And suddenly I remember how you acted on the third day." He thought back to the moment Sherlock was treating him like air. He himself had not realized how much it had hurt him then. "Even if you had a reason for it, you didn't have to treat me like your lab rat. Why didn't you just talk to me? Do you really have to compete with Mycroft in everything?" He had to end this discussion for the sake of both himself and two geniuses. He shook his head. "Besides, you are rude to clients and strangers, you do not care about the opinion of others, you alienate them with your contempt and you are incredibly ignorant on some topics. You don't care about the sanctity and about the feelings of the people around you. Sometimes I really struggle with the urge to hit you."
"That's what we're here for. We need to figure out what he uses to kill and how he came into possession of the murder weapon. We'll slowly surround him with evidence so he won't have a chance to get away with it."
"Some people are lucky enough to decide this for themselves." The stranger brought his hand to his mouth, and as he lowered his arm, there was a little less amber liquor in his glass.
"I helped you open up and overcome fears that have held you back for so long," Mycroft continued. He wasn't going to hurt him. He just wanted him to understand his feelings and the decision he had finally made and which he had resisted for so long. "You saw that people can accept and support you. You felt much more confident and safe with me. I also know that you are grateful to me for this. And I do not intend to put myself on a pedestal and require your gratitude. To flatter my own ego is not my goal. "
This time John rolled his eyes. He was tired of Mycroft's behavior. Why couldn't he just answer such a simple question? He watched as his husband took the rest of his elegant suit from the sofa and stopped at the door. He wanted to ask John not to leave their apartment but he gave up.
John smiled wryly, lowered his eyes, and shook his head. He has changed nothing. He felt that he was able to stand up and stay on his feet. The tree was rough and hard, but his perseverance and determination to move away as soon as possible were stronger than the scratches that had formed on his palm as he leaned against it. "I don't owe you any explanation."
Meanwhile, the doctor sighed softly and got up from the table. "You know, Mycroft ..." he fell silent. He didn't know if he felt sorry for the older genius. He grabbed his belongings and straightened up. "You are too important man to have to convince anyone to anything. Be yourself and don't pretend to be someone you are not. You have the power and respect of many people. You don't need this pathetic lie ... "
The room was quiet. None of the men looked down. The tension was interrupted by Mycroft, who had been sitting for a long time with his typical face, i.e. narrowed eyes and something that was supposed to resemble an ironic smile.
Mycroft sighed loudly and significantly. It wasn't time and place for pointless discussion, but again, John wasn't like other people. He couldn't give him any ordinary excuse. He took a breath and looked deep into John's eyes.
John tried to find her, but he wasn't as observant as Sherlock. He was looking for a bright yellow dress when something white in his friend's hand caught his attention. He looked at him. He saw a single daisy hanging down to the ground. Sherlock knew what his friend was looking at. He picked up the flower and presented it to John.
"Dr Watson was the only one who confronted the Ripper and survived," Lestrade's voice cut through the cough of one of the staff washing the blood on the other side of the room.
The older man bowed gently, passed them, and when he was halfway to the exit, he stopped suddenly and stood still for a moment. Then he turned on his heel and came to John, who had no idea what was going on. Mycroft stood next to him but avoided his eyes. The doctor raised his eyebrow.
John waited for his reaction but Mycroft did not turn to him. He slowly came closer to his husband, and finally stood right behind him. "I talked to Stoner," he said, wanting to get his attention. He hoped Aaron's name would make Mycroft look at him, or at least mutter something under his breath. He had to admit, he missed his attention.
"Have you been waiting for me?" John was slightly amused at the sight of his friend and his curly hair. "You could come or write to me," he said and looked at Molly, who came up to them, "or shout over the balcony."
"No. I don't," Sherlock said. "I just thought you would choose something more classic and more boring. Like roses or tulips."
Mycroft sighed. Not to express his impatience, he sounded rather like a resigned man. "Let me spend this time as I used to do before."
"Leave. Leave, Sherlock. Talking to you doesn't make sense right now," Mycroft murmured, and for the first time in a long time looked him straight in the eye. John saw Sherlock's jaw clench so hard that his teeth could burst and crumble any minute.
"I come to you with this first because I need to know your opinion." It was obvious from Mycroft's voice that he seriously hoped to convince his brother of his idea. "I don't want to hurt you ... I never wanted to. I made most of my decisions with your best interests in mind, even if I got into trouble because of it. But this time I'm not going to step aside and leave it without a fight ... I don't remember when was the last time I cared about something this much. "
"Don't worry about him. He tends to recite long monologues, but rarely says anything specific and meaningful."
"John, if you leave this room now ..." Mycroft turned quickly toward him as if reading his thoughts and sensing what he wanted to do.
He was silent as he analyzed Lestrade's words. "What's so special about him that you still ask for his help?"
"Forgive me for entangling you in this. But I had no other choice. I have long come to terms with the idea that I will not have grandchildren," Mrs. Holmes sighed. "But I will not let them remain alone for the rest of their lives because of their quirks. If not daughter-in-law, then I want at least a son-in-law, and I don't care which of them will give him to me."
Oh yes. Sherlock was using his trick again - I'm busy, hold my phone. However, this time he overdid it. Is this man have no shame? "Hold it" John didn't give up. He waved the phone to force Sherlock to answer.
Mycroft frowned hearing that name. He did not know that in John's belief his assistant was called that. He remained silent and focused on the doctor.
He frowned. He guessed where the conversation was going. He didn't want to think again - when he felt so hurt and disappointed with Sherlock that he hadn't contacted him for two years and pretended to be dead. It was one of the worst if not the worst moments in his life. But he had to survive it. Whatever Sherlock had to tell him had to be difficult for him too. John was silent, staring at his friend and felt his accelerated pulse under his hand.
He finally stood in front of the big room. It was separated from the hall only by glass doors that suppressed all noises and conversations. The glass was bulletproof, John was more than sure, and it was cleaned with stunning accuracy. No streaks or cracks. Ministers, advisors, and politicians sat on the other side of the door. They were talking at a long table filled with piles of documents. Mycroft was facing the lobby so it wasn't long before he noticed John. The doctor saw he was tense and irritated by the protracted negotiations. When Mycroft saw his fake husband he tensed even more and looked at him sharply. John crossed his arms, then pointed at himself and the floor above. He wanted to tell Mycroft that he was fed up with pointless waiting for nothing and was about to return to the apartment, and more specifically to their bedroom. The older man clenched his teeth and narrowed his eyes slightly as if threatening him. John pulled a phone out of his pocket and pushed it against the glass. Meaning - Tell me to stay. He wanted to make Mycroft react. React in any way. He wanted to see if Mycroft would behave differently than usual. If he could do something against himself.
John knew that tone. He had lived with Sherlock for too many years and he was sure that something must have upset Mycroft because he rarely behaved in such a depressing way. However, this did not discourage him. He was motivated to talk to him longer.
"It's rather like a few short sentences in one. It would take a lot longer to describe what Sherlock does if ..." Suddenly his phone landed on the couch. He looked at John and saw he stood right in front of him with a determined expression. Mycroft was even more surprised when he felt the first thrust on his chest. He staggered and took a step back. Another thrust and another two steps. He realized what was happening when his back hit the cold wall. The shorter man pulled his face down and pressed him with his body.
"My passion for drama?" he asked with slight disbelief. "Sherlock ..." he said, but gave up the discussion. He knew the conversation made no sense. An attempt to prove which of them liked the dramatic scenes and behavior more was not the goal at the moment. "It's getting late". He looked meaningful at his elegant pocket watch. Sherlock didn't seem to get the suggestion, or more likely pretended he didn't. He looked at his brother intensely.
Holmes immediately withdrew his thumb from the cut on his cheek. Before he lowered his hand, he brushed his hair behind his ear. "It's very kind of you that you decided to visit me. It would be wiser to wait until morning, though. A nighttime, lonely stroll can be really dangerous."
"Wait, no. Not like that," Josh focused on the task. He wanted to bring his colleague down. He pointed at the place. After a while, he changed his mind and proposed a different solution. "Try it this way ..." he stretched and imitated the positions as if it was him was in a problematic situation.
"Where do you think you going?" Josh asked, watching the doctor who pulled out a special knife and piece of cord from the side pocket of his backpack.
His words did not affect John in the way Aaron would have wished. Seeing the indifference mixed with irritation on John's face, Stoner grew serious and looked down at his joined hands. He was pale and had eye bags. His greasy hair stuck to his forehead and around his ears. However, everything else was elegant. His shirt was clean, he had shiny shoes and flawless white teeth. He didn't look like the drunk man from last night.
"The hardest part of the plan is done," he muttered, and his assistant slightly lifted her eyes from the phone. "I knew it would be difficult, but I chose the right candidate. Our doctor succeeded in what I thought would never happen. They both only needed the impulse to act. I always wanted Sherlock to be happy. It came out as I planned." His assistant looked at him with doubtful eyes. She could afford it because Mycroft was facing the window. If she wanted, she could effortlessly look at his reflection in the window, but she didn't have to. She knew the wistful, sad look and the absent expression he showed her once in a while. Without a word, she focused on the phone screen again. "It's going to rain," the genius said, staring up at the sky and the car slowly started to move again.
Sherlock stared at his brother for a long time. He knew he was manipulated and used by him many times, but he had to admit one. Mycroft never did anything to hurt him. He trusted him in this aspect ... to this day. He still didn't accept what had happened, he felt disappointed and betrayed.
"What is going on?" John asked. For some reason he felt a creepy shiver, so he crossed his arms and cast a glance at the high walls.
Meanwhile, John didn't know why, but he didn't like him. Perhaps it was because he saw Mycroft's face and Aaron's wily mannerisms. After all, he played with Mycroft in one team and did not want to let anyone interrupt them in the win. He turned his face toward his husband, leaned forward gently and murmured calmly into his ear. "Let's go back to the room ..."
"Earlier, brother mine, there was no person worth such a feeling." He could feel Sherlock's elbow next to him, whose heat contrasted strangely with the dimple he felt in his stomach. "Besides, we had other priorities from the beginning." Suddenly he felt strangely sentimental. Maybe because of the alcohol in his body. Maybe because of the sight of John dancing and smiling. Or maybe it was Sherlock's fault, which he rarely had a chance to talk so honestly. He turned his head and looked at his brother. "I care about you and your happiness. You know that, don't you?"
"Gregory?" Molly was surprised. She blushed slightly, as she used to do when someone showed her more interest not necessarily related to work. "But he has a wife."
Mycroft looked so ... innocent. He slept blissfully. He almost looked like a child with his hands at head height and his lips slightly open. He was lying almost across his mattress with his legs bare. John covered his mouth with his hand and tried to keep from laughing. He held the phone in the other and took a picture of his husband. He wanted to send it to Sherlock, but after a short reflection, he didn't. Why would he send a picture of a sleeping Mycroft to his friend? John preferred not to risk because Sherlock could not only deduce something incorrectly but also be seriously offended.
"Seriously, why are you running like this at this hour?" he asked, genuinely curious, though he could guess what was the reason.
John was full of anger. Because of Mycroft, himself and the whole sick situation, he got involved in because he had not thought about the consequences before. That was the truth. Yes, before he made the decision - to pretend to be Mycroft's husband - he tried to analyze all the pros and cons, but he did not do it seriously enough to avoid similar situations. He did not consider all the possibilities and effects of his actions. He was naive. But how could he suppose this whole thing would get so unhealthy and confusing? How could he know that one innocent kiss with Mycroft would lead to such problems? Later, one thing led to another one and everything started to fall apart. His relationship with Mycroft became tense, Sherlock started to behave strangely. And this stress caused by lies. This was too much for less than two weeks. Everything was going too fast and too intense. He knew he had made a mistake when he agreed to Mycroft's offer. The Holmes brothers were beyond control. John would be able to control them if he had to deal with only one of them at a time. But he was surrounded by two Holmes in a small building and this resulted in an imminent disaster. He had always treated Sherlock like his best friend, but now he had to be careful and guess the reasons for his strange behavior. He never had a strong bond with Mycroft, but he couldn't pretend that nothing had happened between them. His relationship with Mycroft was closer now than he might have thought. The thought of what would happen after returning to London terrified him, but at the moment it didn't matter. Mycroft's attitude towards anything was radically different from John's. But, even if they could agree on one thing, John doubted they would be able to agree on more important matters. He had to let go of this urge of fixing the character and habits of the older man. Now the most important thing was to find out why his best friend was acting so strange. And Sherlock really wasn't himself lately ...
At night every street in Whitechapel looked the same. Narrow passages formed a maze with countless shortcuts and hiding places. Tall buildings limited the light, and the stench of faeces discouraged venturing into certain areas. The worst, however, was not the rodents that ran between the legs or the irregular streets where people could easily twist their ankles, but the fog that gathered over the city. It was so dense he had difficulty recognizing where he was actually running. His only reference point was the moon. Despite his tenacity, he was losing hope of catching the murderer. Minutes passed in an unsuccessful search. He felt as if he was going in the right direction and was close, but at some point, lost the trail. Interestingly, during the chase, he did not come across even one patrolling policeman. He was filled with anger and frustration. He had unbelievably bad luck that night. He ran forward, pausing now and then, listening to the sounds of his surroundings. He could feel the adrenaline throbbing inside him. He wouldn't mind if the murderer suddenly emerged from the alley and attacked him from behind. He felt like he could handle even a dozen killers right now. His finger was on the trigger, ready to fire at any moment. His chase after Jack the Ripper lasted several minutes. Eventually, he noticed that the streets were no longer as narrow and bumpy as before. If his hunch was right and he was still following the murderer's trail, he realized that Holmes was right about the status and wealth of the Ripper. It was approaching the city centre, so the murderer indeed belonged to the upper-class.
"Please, listen to me. This is the first and last chance to make a decision. If any of you do not feel right or do not agree to participate in this mission, you can leave. You will not be stopped by anyone. However, those who stay must know that there will be no turning back later. The details you will hear must only stay between us. "
Aaron gave Mycroft a meaningful look. "I told you to persuade your brother to join your group. He's better than many of perfectly trained agent." He ignored Holmes's face and turned directly to Sherlock, but before that, he gave John a meaningful glance once again. "Did you find what you were looking for?" he asked.
Mycroft smiled into the glass. "Of course you did." The ironic tone did not disturb the peace and pleasant moment.
Silence. John thought he heard the rustle of the armchair. He could see his friend nervously adjusting his position in the armchair. He also imagined Mycroft's sour expression. The older genius allowed himself to look like that only in the company of his brother, and only when Sherlock made a nasty comment about him.
Sherlock tried to ignore John's frightened face. He wanted to shout and hit something because the awareness that his two-year mission - which had caused John so much pain - was not over, made him furious. How long will Moriarty mess up his plans? How long will he threaten their lives? He tried so hard to keep John safe and yet he fell. He didn't do the job, and now he had to face the consequences. He couldn't look at John's frightened eyes. He felt he had let him down, so he looked away at his brother. "I found and liquidated his every hideout, every related organization. It took me two years to track down his associates. Are you saying that I could have missed something?" he asked with a slight threat and reproach.
"I realize that, John," Mycroft assured him. He was determined but tried to stop himself from doing something strange. "And I am aware of every word I say."
"You old wanton". She was laughing. She put the phone to her ear, massaging the burning spot in her lower back. As soon as she heard her friend's voice, she smiled even wider. "Francesca! Finally. I was slowly beginning to doubt you would call. Tell me." She immediately switched to Italian. She had no problem to do it just like her sons.
Sherlock raised one eyebrow and, although he tried hard not to smile, he raised a corner of his mouth and spread his arms. "Prove it," he said, waiting for John's reaction.
Mycroft has already put all things away and turned to face him. "I wasn't going to offend you," he said. "The point is, Sherlock doesn't like the smell. He'll hate it on you."
The room was silent again interrupted only by John's low chuckle. He didn't have the strength to turn away yet but looked at his friend out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock looked ominously at his own brother. Only now John did begin to realize that something was wrong.
John looked at the older man with a raised eyebrow and a slight smile. "I'm not that stupid, Mycroft. You wanted me to be your husband. So you proposed to me, right?"
Mycroft did not comment on his words. He sighed and pulled John toward the stairs. When John passed Aaron, Stoner quickly grabbed his arm and brought his face closer. John didn't have time to react when a juicy kiss landed on his cheek.
"I left it in the store. There is no point in carrying it in such heat. I will take it when we return to the hotel this way."
"You're here, Mycroft. Welcome to you too, Mr. Watson," one of the men in the gray suit said, walking to John and reaching his hand toward him. He gave him a quick smile, but then looked at Holmes as if he were the only hope for this urgent situation.
"Oh John!" she screamed, trying to hide her nervousness and embarrassment. Deep blushes decorated her cheeks, and a trembling voice convinced John that something was wrong. "Sorry ... it was the first time I saw two men kissing in front of my eyes ..." she added, trying to cover her face.
"If I was taller, stronger ..." the detective continued, "I could turn her around and tighten my arm around her neck. My height doesn't allow me to do that. This method is more comfortable and safer for me. She was surprised by my move and was not prepared, so after a short fight, she loses consciousness. She falls to the ground, but I choke her a little longer to be sure. Her last breath escapes between my fingers. I straighten up and grab the hidden knife ", he slowly took his hands and pretended to reach for something inside his coat. "I sit on her chest, put the blade against her skin ..."
Sherlock smiled under his breath. "Do I have to have a reason?" he looked straight into his eyes with intensity, which made John focus his eyes on him longer. "I'm just enjoying the moment," he raised his glass and drank some wine, not looking away from John, who was increasingly intrigued.
Younger Holmes turned his head away, completely ignoring his brother. He looked at John, who, contrary to his suppositions, nodded that he agreed with Mycroft. "Can't you do it now?"
"Did he really said that?" John asked with a raised eyebrow and feigned surprise. He didn't see his friend's reaction, but he didn't give up. He also ignored the way Sherlock spoke about him as if he were an ordinary guide, or his presence was an unpleasant necessity for him.
"You have to persuade him to take you with him more often, honey. What a pity he didn't introduce you before. I'm angry for that and I'll tell him to take care of you like now. You are such a wonderful couple, John and I really would like to know you better".
"I'm sorry, brother, but your discomfort is not my problem. I don't remember talking to you or asking you about your opinion. Don't put your nose where you can quickly lose it," he threatened.
"But I admit you are right at some points," Sherlock added with a smirk on his face. John was surprised and looked at a friend who was sitting cross-legged next to him with his eyes fixed on the passing boats and people talking on the shore of the canal.
"I can take a photo of you if you like," John suggested, and she gladly agreed. She gave him her phone, got up and went down to the lower platform at one of the banks. She turned and smiled.
Mycroft looked at the floor as he used to do when he had to answer a difficult question. He would like to tap the tip of the umbrella on the ground, but he did not have it with him. "Forgive me, John. I have to remain silent, at least until the meeting begins," he nodded toward the closed door. It was obvious there was an office or secret meeting room. "I'd like to say more, but I can't."
But he knew he was fooling himself. At that moment, he regretted for the first time in his life, he had such observation skills. He could have said a lot of things, but all he had to do was look at the room and he knew his fears had become a reality and the search for excuses did not make sense.
"Can you imagine any of us dancing, John? We're too serious people, and we don't think about that sort of thing".
Aaron grinned and continued. "But you are right, we should not talk about such serious matters. In the end you somehow managed to resolve the conflict and sweep the whole matter under the carpet, so that no one suspected anything." He slowly passed Mycroft's chair. He opened the door and stretched out his hand towards the man in the hall. The bodyguard pulled something out of his pocket and handed it to him without a word. "This CD contains all of your orders. All the wrong decisions and mishaps you made during that difficult time." Stoner sat quietly in his chair. He showed the CD wrapped in a blue plastic packaging, then carefully placed it on the table between them.
"Losing? That's not what love is about, brother mine. A broken heart isn't the same as the feeling of losing."
John was silenced by Mycroft, who kissed him out of the blue. It would not be surprising, but no one could see them. They were in their apartment on the first floor of the hotel. It was a dark night and only a madman with binoculars could see them. The whole situation was strange, but it got even stranger when John felt Mycroft's tongue. Genius caressed his lips and gently tried to get inside his mouth.
He twitched as he felt Holmes's finger on his abdomen, even though he was wearing several layers of clothes. His muscles tightened as the detective made his way very slowly upward.
John uncovered slightly the shower curtain and looked at his husband. Mycroft was still wearing his pajamas. He looked annoyed and a little exhausted. He had red cheeks and sleepy hair. He was holding his cell phone. It took a few seconds for him to realize that he was standing in the bathroom with naked John in the shower. But he didn't show much emotion on his face. John could see that the man wasn't in the best mood.
"I haven't slept ..." John replied, sitting on the bed. He watched the older man for a moment, then yawned and rubbed his hazy eyes with his fingers. "... Mycroft, you talked about a farewell party this morning. Is your offer still stands?".
"Uh ... John. What are you doing? John ...?" his words were absorbed by kisses. He could hardly breathe and barely stood on his feet. He felt how one of John's hands detach from his face and went to the zipper in his pants. After the characteristic sound of unfastening the belt, Mycroft gathered all his strength, waited for the right moment and turned their bodies, regaining control over the situation. He held John's hands above his head and pressed him to the wall.
Mycroft did not react to his accusation. He was looking at John, who also turned toward him with a cup of tea in hand.
Mycroft instantly turned and joined others waiting to start the meeting. Holmes walked past the couch. Stoner sat paler and calmer than usual. He looked at the doctor. John, seeing his gaze, turned and walked to the stairs. Standing in front of the first step, his eyes were caught by an angelic figure standing at the very top. The lady in the white dress smiled at him and opened her arms in greeting.
Perhaps, otherwise, he would have fought with him as an equal. He knew he wouldn't be in a lost position. He would face the danger in his way, and even if he had to die he would look at his attacker without fear. He would have done so if he hadn't heard the murderer's increasingly heavier breathing.
He froze, his voice stuck in his throat. He looked at the man who caught his greatest interest from the very beginning. The man was watching John closely. John shuddered when he heard his voice. Sherlock was angry. Not only because the stranger was the first person to support John with his decision. He was furious at the fact that he caused such emotions. Negative emotions. John tried to hold on, but his pale face betrayed his nervousness, although he certainly expected that this would be the decision of the other man.
John still controlled his thoughts. He was able to remember every emotion he felt to a particular situation related to the doctor. He remembered the words he said, the facial expressions and gestures that attracted him to John. He was rhythmically tapping the tip of his umbrella on the stones surrounding the driveway in front of his house, counting in his mind the warm words he heard from John. Every compliment that showed his interest. When he turned the key in the elegant front door he remembered how he felt looking at him at night when he was sleeping and was not aware of the intense gaze. Passing through the dark hall, he saw scenes from their first and last official dinner. Especially the last one, because that was when he kissed him for the last time. The moment he threw off his blazer, he untied his tie and took off his shoes, he came back with memories of their night together. As he stood in the middle of the room, he smoothed his hair and rubbed his tired face, he felt John's skin under his fingers, the soft touch of his silver strands and breaths. He sighed, remembering how much pleasure his closeness had given him.
The detective's eyes were covered with the shadow of the top hat, yet he could feel his gaze on him. A slight shiver ran through his body.
Aaron sighed. "Don't look at me like that, Myc. I said I didn't have a copy of the CD, but I didn't say a word about another data carrier. Anyway, you were going to send your people to search my room. They would find it anyway" he nodded at the small silver object. "I wouldn't blame you. In the end, the initiative is still on my side."
John raised a corner of his mouth slightly. He nodded. He had to admit that he would happily go for a lonely walk away from the curious glances of others. He agreed to Lucy's rather direct offer, but he decided to make sure that everything was all right with Sherlock. At least, that it was fine enough that he would not have time to argue with others until his return. He came to a friend who, feeling someone's presence next to him, slightly opened his eyes, but did not change his position.
Sherlock looked at the cat in a way that did not show how intrigued he was by his brother's comment. He saw that the cat did indeed have two traces of collars. One thinner than the other. "You have a better place to observe," he muttered indifferently. This was not true because the animal was facing him and was sitting much closer to him. As he had expected, Mycroft didn't point it out to him, he didn't even look like someone who wanted to discuss. "The question now is whether the current owner loves him or this cat is a burden to her, as for the previous two people. I bet the first option is the right one."
There was no help for the Holmes brothers. Both were uncompromising and resolute in their decisions. John didn't even think about the further discussion. He turned on his heel and put his hand on the door handle. "Good night, Mycroft".
The hotel looked like something was going to happen there. Guests of the hotel were politely forced to leave the building. They were replaced by dozens of men in black, expensive suits and with bluetooth earphones. Some of them stayed outside, while the others were hanging around the lobby and looked into the abandoned rooms to lead out stubborn and non-cooperating hotel guests. Important delegates and heads of some countries were sitting in the big hall, waiting for others. They discussed this sudden problem. Mycroft felt confident but didn't let go of John's hand.
"A lonely walk at this time of night isn't a good idea," a calm voice came from inside the carriage.
It was enough. John tumbled towards him, his lips pressed together and kissed passionately while adding a second finger. He let Sherlock chew on his lower lip and hammer his fingernails into his shoulder. He swallowed his sighs. The wild kiss lasted until he was able to insert a third finger.
"Sorry, Arian! Wait ... I'll help you right away!" Josh ran toward the rock, quickly searching for a safe path for him. He was worried that it was because of him that another member of the group had problems now. He walked around the rock, leaned, and pulled his neck, trying to instruct Arian how to overcome the obstacle.
John kissed Francesca on the temple and bowed to Molly. Both women did not blame him for leaving, although their reasons were completely different. John was silent, completely ignoring the man. He was about to say goodbye, but Stoner walked quickly around Francesca's chair and approached him, grasping his arm tightly and leaning into his ear.
He grasped the man's words while watching his face slowly slide into the shadows. He started to feel weird. As if his body remained in place, and his soul and consciousness tried to break out of the ongoing inactivity. His hands were heavy, but he didn't control them as he handed the empty glass back to the stranger. The outside sounds were muffled, repeating fractions of a second apart. He was silent because he was afraid of what might come out of his mouth when he was like that. Apparently, this did not bother the man, for he was watching him again in his usual stillness.
"Next time, if you don't want to be noticed, don't park your car right outside our window, Mycroft," he said, looking at brother. However, after a while, he looked away at his friend. "As I said, John. Mycroft lets emotions make decisions. He is proud and will never admit defeat. He will do anything to prove to unbelievers that he is right. Most likely there is someone - except me - who can compete with him on a high level and does not believe in his imaginary stories. Mycroft is full of pride, he wants to prove them wrong, so he will do everything to introduce you to them as his husband. Am I right, brother? "
"Sherlock, please ... Could we not argue at least this once. Why are you still resisting and trying to make my life more difficult?"
After a pleasant night, John and Sherlock ate breakfast prepared by their beloved landlady. The doctor enjoyed every minute of such a beautiful day, but his friend looked like he was thinking about something really hard.
"If you both don't control your emotions, you can say things you will regret for the rest of your life," John warned.
"If you lived with him as many years as I had, you would know there is no other way. Mycroft doesn't like to lose, that's why he is so keen on competition. You've seen it ..."
Echo spread around the room. Mycroft's words, his voice filled with bitterness and desperation penetrated the walls. The room was quiet for a long long time. Mycroft was the first to break the tension. He sighed. He rubbed his temple with his fingers and put his other hand on his hip.
"Brother, mine. I didn't expect you to give up John's company so soon and walk him to me," he said with undisguised surprise. He watched his brother sit down opposite him.
"I do," he said loudly as if accepting his proposal. Elder Holmes just frowned slightly and turned John's hand over, then put the box in his hand. John sighed theatrically. He sat down in a comfortable armchair and put on a wedding ring. "Eh... What made me choose you?..." he muttered. He had to admit one thing, he loved to provoke Mycroft and put him in awkward situations. Suddenly, like a bolt from the blue, he realized one more thing.
Waiting for John's action was unbearable. Mycroft knew that sooner or later Sherlock's friend would ask him to explain what had happened between him and his brother. He was already preparing for the upcoming conversation, but for the time being there was no indication that it was going to happen soon. Every day he woke up convinced that maybe it was the day. As it turned out later, he was wrong every time. He tried to find some mentally demanding activities and problems he could solve. He threw himself into the vortex of meetings. He filled the calendar with all he could to stop thinking about John and Sherlock and the reason the whole thing was about. It wasn't until the fifth day that he opened his eyes that he immediately felt that it was the day. He felt John would want to talk to him today. He decided not to plan anything important, he asked his assistant to delay the appointments he had already marked on the calendar and change the dates of these meetings. Instead of a comfortable chair in a quiet office, he chose the gray seat on the back of the car. He drove around London and waited for any news about John's movements. He was sitting in the car with a laptop on his lap and his phone next to him. Several hours passed, but he finally got the report that John had left the apartment and was walking towards the Diogenes Club. Mycroft, who knew London as good as Sherlock, quickly concluded that roadwork would force John to abandon the taxi - he had definitely used - and walk the rest of the way on foot. He also knew where to wait for him.
Sebastian tried to control his body. His true intentions were betrayed by fast breathing and pulse. He was silent for a long time, staring into John's eyes and mouth. His face was close. John could feel the trembling air warmed by Moran's breath. "You didn't empty the magazine" his rough, hoarse voice sounded quietly in the room. "You have two bullets left."
John looked at him with meaningful silence. He saw the genius was slightly stunned by alcohol, but at the same time, his condition was not bad enough to make him stay in the hotel for the rest of the day. Also, for some reason, he liked the thought of sharing the evening with Sherlock and Mycroft at the same time. Of course, he was also aware that persuading Mycroft for an evening city tour would be a difficult task. "I understand," he said and got up from the couch. "In that case, I will start packing my stuff too." He grabbed a daisy from the table, which he got from a friend, and put it in a vase with other flowers.
"Seriously, Mycroft? I know you love to have control over everything, but even your inquisitiveness should have its limits," Sherlock said with irritation in his voice.
Sherlock smiled even wider, and it was because John may have sounded serious, but his expression was proof of something else. His friend was in a very good mood and teased him. "You may not have noticed, but lately I am increasingly beginning to consider this mood as an indispensable aspect of our lives." He surprised John. He saw it in his eyes. "I also came to the conclusion that I like it," this time he had to look away because the complete confusion on his friend's face almost made him laugh. He didn't want to spoil the moment for anything, that's why he put the violin under his chin. "I became convinced that being with another person helps to acquire some of their qualities. You are romantic, so it's probably obvious that I've started to notice and enjoy things that you value." He wanted to see if John understood his words and their message, but for the even greater effect, he decided to add something that must have completely surprised his friend. "Many couples experience the same phenomenon."
John lowered his arms with visible relaxation. "And?" he asked when he understood the meaning of Mycroft's words. "Can I enter the house without fear, or should I prepare for a hurricane?"
"Shalom has no other choice. This is not about his position in government, but it's about the whole country." Mycroft was irritated. He shifted his feet and inhaled loudly. "My opinion has always been that the job of the interior minister is beyond his strength..."
Mycroft did not move. He didn't say a word, only the quick breaths were proof that he was alive. He was looking at the doctor who was approaching him. John leaned over the table and turned on the lamp. Mycroft finally understood that it wasn't the crazy dream of a tired man. John's face was full of self-control, confidence and a bit of excitement. When he pulled the keys from his pocket, hung them on his finger, and moved them, Mycroft already knew that what he really wanted in life was right in front of him. A small, smug man, he thought of more than one night. He wanted to approach John, put his arms around him, and then take him to the bedroom and spend there the rest of the night with him.
"You know, Mycroft... if I didn't know you, I'd say that you either like the training you do as you climb our stairs so often, or you have a soft spot on someone here ... However, in your case, it is simply impossible".
This is the end of the story (at least for now). Thank you all for your support. I am incredibly happy I could translate and write for you. I hope we will meet in the next story. You are awesome. I am very curious about your choice.
"But you don't like seafood ... When Mrs. Hudson wanted to surprise us and when she cooked the squid, you insulted her just because you did not want to eat it. She didn't visit us for a week."
He wrinkled his nose. He wasn't sure how to start the conversation with Holmes. He also did not know if he was still angry with him, or happy about the upcoming meeting. He wanted to accuse him of delay and lack of news. On the other hand, the detective had a lot of things to do, including the Ripper investigation. It was a stressful task and took a lot of time. He shouldn't have pressed. Most importantly, he managed to get things done and could move to Baker Street today to start a new and exciting life with a one-of-a-kind detective.
John had had enough. He had to go out and look at everything from a different perspective, with a cool head. He had the feeling the last days and the whole trip had been a strange dream, something that had no right to happen. His relationship with Mycroft? This sudden change in Sherlock's behavior? Beautiful Venice, which he had only heard of, but never thought he would ever see it with his own eyes? It was so different and unreal.
John hoped that the loud bell did not wake Mycroft, so he strained his ears. To his relief, he heard no sound indicating that the older man had woken up. John put down the phone and looked around the room. It was only now that he had the opportunity to see what he was missing when Mycroft slept on the couch in the living room. Usually, when John woke up and left the bedroom, he could no longer see the small suitcase next to the table. He could not see piles of paper, a phone charger or even an elegant sachet with a brush and comb. Every morning, Mycroft covered all traces that would indicate that he was also a man with needs.
"How do you know...". There was a surprise on Sebastian's face that changed into understanding in a split second. "Oh, so it was about him. About Sholto."
If the circumstances and place were different, he would smile back, but in this situation, it was not appropriate for him to do so. He did not want to be identified with the people he had just passed by and for whom the murder in the neighbourhood was an opportunity for carefree chat and even was an occasion to earn money. He looked disapprovingly at people who offered others - for four pennies - a view from their window at the crime scene. The entrance to the building was guarded by a tall officer. He bowed slightly and assured Lestrade that they had only secured the most important pieces of evidence so far, but that no one had touched the body yet. They passed through the front door and saw a narrow, long hall. There were stairs straight ahead, and right next to it on the right was an exit to the yard.
"John ..." Sherlock was panting lauder. He was completely flushed and his hair was starting to stick to his sweaty forehead.
"I thought you noticed that I am not very liked by the people around me," he said bluntly, shrugging his shoulders slightly to show that he didn't care. "People are usually put off by how much I don't care about their good opinion of me," he paused for a moment and for the first time in a long time turned his face to look at the street. "I'm swaggering, arrogant, and I don't care about courtesy," he continued, "I stay silent for days, play the violin at strange hours, and my smoking jacket smells of tobacco and chemicals."
"What if I say I agree but don't want to maneuver between your bedrooms? What if I'm so selfish and depraved that I want to have both of you at the same time?" his cheeks were instantly flushed more. He didn't know how it was possible, because for a good few minutes his face was burning with shame and desire.
He was glad that he had managed to spend this time without thinking about his brother and what he was doing with John. The investigation he was conducting at the crime scene helped him do this. When Lestrade appeared in the flat and asked him for help, he did not want or intend to deal with what he thought was a boring case. However, after an hour of aimless walking around the city, he realized that this would not divert his thoughts from John. He decided that maybe he would sacrifice his time and do a good deed, helping the inspector solve the case and get on a date with Molly on time. Although the investigation was short, because the crime did not require much investigation, but it helped him withstand this tiresome time. On the way back, he entered the electronics store. He immediately decided to send a friend a report on the completed case. He pulled the phone out of the box and put all the accessories including the charger in his coat pocket. He left the box on the store counter, ignoring the strange look of the seller. He headed back to Baker Street. In the meantime, he was writing messages to John without looking ahead, which was no problem for him. He knew London and its streets by heart.
"How do you have access to this information? You deal with the internal matters of your country and you do not have the right to possess this type of data" Mycroft no longer concealed his irritation.
He wasn't sure what crunched under his boots with every step. Small stones or shards of glass. It could be both considering where he was at the moment. The heavy police lantern was slipping from his sweaty palm. His hand hurt, but he was glad he had the lantern with him. Thanks to this, he was able to see more things on this gloomy night. Fortunately, the sky was cloudless. The bright moonlight tried to break through the torn sheets hanging on the ropes between the windows. He walked slowly forward and in complete silence, counting down the minutes to the end of his patrol.
"I rented a suite at the Danieli hotel. Apart from us, there will also be some important people, so we have to enter our roles from the beginning" with these words Mycroft reached into his bag and took out a small box. "Put it on, John, and don't remove it until the end of the show."
Following Sherlock's order, they headed to the northeast of the city. They sailed along the main channel, passing smaller boats, gondolas, and motorboats full of tourists along the way. The water carried the noise of the engines, the motorboat floated on small waves, and the wind pleasantly pulled their hair. The sun was going more and more towards the west, which made the sky radiate warm colors of orange, pink and red. It was wonderful. This was not even diminished by the fact that the part of the city they were heading to was not very representative. The buildings were not so elegant and decorated. In some places, a high wall separated them from the water. There were slightly rusty boats and low construction cranes by the shore. The motorboat passed the gardens known as 'Giardini della Biennale' and headed north. After a few minutes they approached the shore, and on the left, they saw the roof of the Basilica of Santi Giovanni e Paolo hovering over the buildings. After another few minutes, they finally entered one of the narrower canals, which was divided into two branches. The motorboat captain knew the area very well, so he was aware that he couldn't go any further. He swam ashore. They got out of the boat onto the shore and headed deep into the city.
Sounds of music and applause of delighted people kept coming from the room. Mycroft tried to relax in the warm night. He watched the stars reflecting in the water and stared at passing motorboats and yachts. He didn't even hear when the music died down a bit and when John stood next to him.
John was playing with the ring on his finger. Although maybe the word 'playing' was not accurate. He tried to turn the ring around its axis, but his fingers were swollen, just like his feet. His phone made a noise, but he never once looked at it. He didn't feel well and didn't want to read messages from Sherlock who was angry with him for not answering since the morning. Sherlock had the right to be angry because John had forgotten the phone and only after returning to the hotel he did realize his friend had unsuccessfully sought his attention.
Big Ben's chimes rang out around the neighbourhood. They were loud. He also noticed that more horses and carriages were passing them, and the dirty songs gave way to the sounds of slow footsteps and the sound of waves bouncing off the Thames embankment. Looking out the window, he could no longer see the fog, only the lights of buildings and lanterns lined up at equal intervals. The carriage seemed to flow down the street. The jerks and sharp turns were gone. Over time, the sounds faded, and the horses slowed down. The animals walked quietly, trying not to wake the inhabitants. There were lights on in some of the windows, but most of the people were certainly asleep. The horses pulling the carriage walked slower and slower until they finally stopped. He looked out the window and then at the stranger. He nodded, putting his hand on the doorknob. He stood on the curb and looked around the area but had no idea where they were. He noticed a light in one of the windows just above his head and a sign with the name of the street next to it. He twitched, and his heart suddenly pounded in his chest. He remembered the name and who lived at that address. He turned to close the carriage door and say goodbye to the mystery man. He was about to do so when a well-known, lofty voice stopped him.
"And I would answer," John said with a smile. He showed that, as promised in the morning, he had the phone with him all the time. He entered the living room and put the bouquet on the table. "I bought it for Francesca as a thank you gift".
Mycroft was silent, he was looking for the right words to show that the choice he had made, by the way long ago, was the most appropriate for him.
"Look, it's a cat!" Molly hoped to stop the strange conversation. She leaned over the armrest and reached out.
"As I can see, my advice has not worked. You still care more about your job than your health." John slowly walked out of the darkness. He set the glass down on a low table near the fireplace. "Maybe I shouldn't be coming today, but I couldn't help myself," he muttered, still waiting for an answer.
"Because my brother allows emotions to direct his actions. As you can see, he still has not developed this blockade, thanks to which he would become completely independent of the outside world and ordinary people ...
"Do you have any plans for the afternoon?" Mycroft looked at his reflection in the mirror from a very short distance. A small drop of water ran down his cheek, which John followed closely.
Something in his voice made John turn away after a few steps. He stopped and blinked several times with obvious anxiety and confusion. Sherlock tried to look normal, but it was clear he was considering his next moves and gestures carefully and intensively. John saw determination and confidence on his face. Sherlock took two steps toward John, forcing him to step back and hit his back against the wall.
He knew that look and that smirk. Holmes looked at him in the same way when they examined Annie Chapman's body. But this time the silence was much more disturbing, making his body shiver.
"Welcome everyone. I am glad that we are all here. Your presence testifies that you value national and social values highly. Before we discuss the reason for your arrival ..."
"No need" he assured him, slightly lifting and waving his fingers. "I'll get it myself. It would be better if he didn't know you gave it to me the first day," he said with a smile.
"What is it, Mrs. Hudson? Have you again forgotten something here that can't wait until morning?" He was well aware that she was spying on them. She also had to sense the change that was happening in the flat, because she looked genuinely interested in their relationship. She visited them disturbingly often. She let him know that she had enough of waiting for one of them to take the first step. All her efforts, however, had cons. She didn't leave them alone and interrupted the moments that Sherlock planned to spend showing John his true thoughts and feelings. He watched his landlady, who cheerfully entered their living room with a bundle of letters in her hands.
Sherlock didn't look like someone who wanted to prove his point at all costs, which meant that Mycroft could relax. They started to look at John again. He was smiling, lost in what he was doing. It was also partly due to the wine they drank over two bottles. It was dark - except for the lights above the terrace and the lamps that lit the buildings - and yet John's pink cheeks and his smile stood out from the amused crowd.
He was glad when the sun was going down. It got a bit cooler and he could start preparing for Mycroft's return. He took a shower again that same day and put on a clean shirt. He loved the clothes his husband organized for him. They were not only elegant but also comfortable and made of extremely pleasant fabric. John knew that he couldn't afford such luxuries, even if he saved money for weeks.
A smile danced on Holmes's lips. He straightened his top hat and put on his gloves. "I'm going to look at the potential murder weapons now. Would you like to accompany me, Dr Watson?"
This time Sherlock grimaced and frowned. Why would John choose to meet his brother, if not just to give him the subject of the contract? What would they talk about? Their arrangement concerned only two weeks, during which a lot of things happened, but it was still only a fixed-term contract. He would gladly take the wedding ring to Mycroft himself and end this ridiculous arrangement. He had to admit, though, that thankful words were on his lips. After all, if it wasn't for all the fun with a fake marriage, he doubted he would have the courage to finally take matters into his own hands. On the other hand, he could have expected it. John has always finished unsolved issues and matters, so why should it be different in this case? He didn't like it, but he didn't want to put his friend in a bad mood. There was no point in arguing or making unnecessary discussions.
John looked at her with frowns. "Aaron? Are you coming with him, Molly?" He asked, looking at the girl.
"I can handle it myself," John interrupted him in a not very pleasant voice. His anger was not directed at his friend, but at a man who had made his life miserable for two last weeks. He was not fooled by the charming smiles, beautiful eyes and impeccable manners of Stoner. "Well, I'm listening. What would force me to accept your decisions?" All the pain after Mycroft's betrayal had passed. Now he wanted a confrontation.
Mycroft sighed. He sat nonchalantly with crossed legs, a glass in his hand and a flower behind his left ear. "Sherlock, are you sure you know what you are doing?"
It was obvious that their presence was unexpected and they came to the party without an invitation. They caused no less commotion than Mycroft and John several minutes earlier. They proudly entered the room. John immediately looked at Holmes, who was standing on the other side of the room. He saw Mycroft roll his eyes and walked toward the long table with alcohol.
"You came with Sherlock? Nice to see you again, but why are you sitting here alone?". He almost saw his friend's face when he asked the first question. Sherlock would surely point out to him that he is unsurpassed in stating obvious things as usual. However, he wasn't worried he would be treated like this when he talked to Molly.
Sebastian raised a corner of his mouth and rubbed his swollen cheek. There was silence. Both men recovered from this sudden outburst of passion from Moran and John's panic. They sat facing each other among the cheerfully twittering birds. John tried to accept the fact that the lips he wanted to forget so much, he felt again on his body. He trembled at what was on Moran's mind and what would happen if he couldn't stop him.
"Someone called me in the middle of the night? I wonder who ..." he asked, but before he could unlock the phone, he heard the completely changed voice of an older man.
"I shouldn't be surprised you joined," he said. "But are you sure you do not want to go back to the hotel? After all, you hate this type of ..." he looked at his brother, "... legwork" he added with amusement.
For some reason he was afraid of it, he didn't want to know what Molly smelled. This fear was so strange and ridiculous that as soon as the girl disappeared behind him and slammed the bathroom door quietly, John lowered his head and took a deep breath. Why was he behaving like that? What was so strange about it? Even if Sherlock and Molly spent the night together - why did he care? Did he not make the same assumption after his first night with Mycroft? Both he and Sherlock were independent and made their own decisions. So why did he thinking that Molly ... No, he couldn't look at it in such a selfish way. And who said anything happened between them? He only deduced this from Molly's looks. He probably saw but did not observe. Besides, this kind of conclusion was unlikely because Sherlock's behavior in the last few days contradicted it. He stuck to him like glue and he almost forced him to do things that he had never done before. And he would suddenly turn to Molly? Absurd! Sherlock wasn't a playboy and didn't pick up other people unless he had a purpose. And he certainly would not behave like that towards his friends.
"Is it really the only reason?" she asked with motherly tenderness. "I knew many people around you, honey. Many of them will fit perfectly as your partner. And you trust many of them. And yet you ask John for help."
He frowned. He didn't like the lightness with which the boy spoke about the murder. "When did you find out? Where exactly did it happen?" he asked, trying to concentrate despite the noise of the crowd and snorting horses.
"I do. Her company is not as annoying as the presence of others. Which does not mean that I jump with joy at the thought of such meetings ... Besides, I know what it will look like," he muttered under his breath. He reached out for a round navy blue container. "So if you're busy, I'll let her know ..."
"Not yet. Maybe we'll go somewhere with Molly and Sherlock." The drop he was watching was soaked in a white towel around Mycroft's neck. John was only now focusing on other parts of his face. "Unless he starts behaving strangely again."
"There's a restaurant on the other side of the channel, with a lot of positive reviews. I can take you there. You need a lot of calories now. An intense night can be very exhausting ... John knows something about it," Sherlock muttered, covering his face with a menu card. He didn't see John, who almost ate his own teeth and dug his nails into his hands. John had to take a quick calming breath because he wanted to jump on a friend who clearly referred to his night adventures with Mycroft.
They looked at the broken glass. John heard a soft sigh of relief. He looked at Mycroft, who tried not to show how much this situation cost him. He cleared his throat and looked at John. He was The Mycroft again, a serious and confident man.
When he first realized that his feelings for John could be stronger and deeper than he thought, he clammed up. He avoided coming to their flat, talking about the friendship of John and Sherlock, and avoiding all the celebrations and meetings where he would meet them. He intervened in really important situations and talked to them if he had to, and he did it only on the phone. It was only when Moriarty appeared in their lives that he focused on helping them, not on rejecting his feelings. He realized that his behavior suited more a rebellious teenager than an adult man. He did not want to be considered a jealous and offended man, so he has returned to normal behavior and interaction with John and Sherlock. When life returned to normal, he visited them more often but did not allow himself for any behavior that could give them a clue about his true feelings. He kept his face cold and stoic, and although he supported Sherlock deeply and cheered on him, he still felt a twinge in his heart every time he looked at John. And nothing between them would have changed if it hadn't been for the mistake he had made a few years before the doctor had made friends with Sherlock for good. This error cost him a lot of nerves and sleepless nights. It was because of his saying one foolishly chosen word. During the annual special meeting in Malta, when he was once again overwhelmed with questions about the wedding ring and his chosen one, he mentioned his husband. Using John's name. He did not know why he chose him and why this name appeared in his head when he thought about living together with another person. And then it all began. All information about the mysterious man who had been able to avoid being exposed by his husband for so long was pulled out of him. At first, he was too surprised by choosing him as his partner to feel guilty by dragging him into this misunderstanding. He understood his mistake when he went to the next congresses. When he was almost forced to introduce his chosen one. He was tormented for a long time and urged him to take him to the next trip. His awkward situation ended for a moment when Moriarty became his greatest worry. They knew about his problems, so they stopped bothering him. But they started talking about it again when everything got back to normal. He had no excuse anymore. He was tired of constant persuasion, but Stoner's stares irritated him the most. His mischievous comments and smiles whenever he booked a suite with a single bed.
For the doctor, traveling through the channels was an amazing experience. He could see and admire not only the architecture but also the history recorded on the walls and stones of the old city. He almost regretted when the motorboat swam ashore. 'Almost' because the view of the hotel and its surroundings was breathtaking.
John and Mycroft looked at Sherlock, who entered the cafe with a smile. He went to their table and gave his brother a hard look.
"Mycroft, my dear. Why do you keeping John just for you? Don't hide him from the world, it's nearly a sin," she said provocatively and Mycroft gave her humble smile.
Sherlock led Mrs. Hudson out the door and was about to close it, but she put her hand on it. "Could you leave us alone, please?" he asked, leaning slightly toward her and lowering his voice.
The red carpet decorated the stairs continued until the very entrance to the hotel, but John and his companion headed toward the great hall with marble floor, columns, elegant armchairs, and a decorated fireplace. John doubted that the fireplace had ever been used. However, it was not the beauty of the room that caught his attention, but a woman. She sat at one of the tables. He blinked several times to make sure his eyes were not playing tricks on him.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson," he interrupted her, irritated by the mention of Mycroft. "John will surely appreciate the efforts and care for our safety. Now take advantage of his absence and make a place in the drawer for the mask he brought for you as a gift. It has been hanging on the wall for four days, and that's already a record."
The older man was lost in pleasure and sounds. The sound of a sticky penis moving in John was combined with a moaning and wind noise coming through the open window, announcing the coming storm. It didn't take long before Mycroft completely stopped controlling his reactions. He was pushing his penis in John with an uncontrollable rhythm, and his hand on the doctor's penis moved once quickly, once slowly. John was crazy with lust, though he knew he could do nothing. He felt impending pleasure. A few moments later he came in Mycroft's palm. Genius probably didn't even realize it because he didn't stop massaging him. Pleasure started to change into discomfort and slight pain. John was about to admonish him when he suddenly felt his cum in his stomach. Mycroft trembled for a moment, gushing deep into John with hot sperm, and then he fell on him without consciousness. His hot breath warmed John's skin.
The sarcastic "Oh" made him grit his teeth. Mycroft's annoying smirk and the mask he immediately put on his face were getting on his nerves.
"You won't kiss me?" John asked, watching the genius return to his previous position and smooth his hair.
"You'll have two months to do it. Is that not enough for you?" John was not surprised at his hoarse answer. For several moments he felt his throat was dry.
"That's true," said Molly, who was silent until now. "We should get going to our apartment". She tried to signal Sherlock that they should leave his brother and John alone. She nodded at the doors. She came up to them and put her hand on the door handle. "Sherlock, we should go now," she said softly. Maybe she should be more firm, but she still felt the tension and heavy atmosphere in the room.
The last suggestion made the youngest of the policemen rush to the detective with something heavy in his hands. "We found it near the outhouse, Mr Holmes. It's a leather apron. It's the kind of thing the butchers at the local butcher's shop use."
Stoner stood with a pleased expression. After a moment he leaned over John at a very uncomfortable distance. He watched Sherlock's reaction as he put his hand on the back of the chair John was sitting on. He saw Holmes's nervous twitch and smiled even wider.
"You won't run away this time," Moran shouted at John, who was walking away and disappearing between the trees. "I have two months to prove to you that you do not belong to anyone but me. And even more, you do not belong to this arrogant Holmes!"
"Could I ..." he said and looked around nervously with narrowed eyes, he clenched his fists as he used to do in awkward situations. Anthea looked at him over the phone. "... may I join you?" he asked.
The inspector saw the change on his face. He was relieved that this conversation was over. "Alright!" he said aloud, patted his knee, and looked at his watch. "No more sitting here and scaring old women. Come on, I'll give you a ride home."
skin. Apart from the few signs of fighting, her face was calm. The only evidence of violent death was the large wound on her neck.
He surprised him. He was looking down at the detective's bright eyes, and some invisible force forced him to kneel beside him. He did so, feeling his gaze on him and seeing his invisible smile. His arm brushed Holmes's black cloak. He tried to contain the strange shudder caused by that first contact. He had never thought his body could react in such a way in the presence of another human he had just met. Ignoring the intensity of the detective's gaze, he focused his attention on the victim.
"I saw him in the morning, he was very ... tense. He murmured something under his breath and walked around the room. Later he went to bed ... He woke up only a few minutes ago and immediately grabbed his laptop ... He did not want anything to disturb him, that's why I left him alone. " She added the last sentence a little quieter and without the smile, she used to have when she talked about Sherlock. John immediately realized that her words were not entirely true. He could bet his friend hadn't said a word when he woke up and ignored Molly completely, wanting to let her know she should leave him alone. Yes, this was the most likely reason why she decided to leave the apartment.
"It's nothing wrong, brother. After all, man learns all his life. Better to learn from the wiser ones."
John tried to survive this difficult situation somehow and did not even realize Mycroft was reading all his thoughts and emotions. He knew perfectly well why John felt uncomfortable. He was silent for a long moment, but everything had its limits. At one point he got up and spoke without looking at the gondolier. "Stop here," he said in a rough voice, not even trying to use Italian. The man looked surprised, just like John, but he swam up to the nearest stairs and stopped there without a word. Mycroft elegantly stepped ashore and offered his hand to John. He paid the gondolier and went with John deep into the dark street.
John's eyes fell on his chapped lips. He remembered their touch on his cheek, hot breath, and that wet kiss. He wanted to wipe the place where Stoner had marked him with such possessiveness in the previous night. He saw Mycroft behind him. Genius looked at him a bit longer than usual. He looked like he was thinking about something very hard. A moment later, Mycroft turned to the hotel manager and shook his head.
“What time was it when you found the body?", the detective asked without taking his eyes off her face.
But he was alone now. He lay on the big bed and in the dark room, he wondered what had happened that Mycroft had not come to the apartment yet. John thought about the reasons and he did not notice when he fell asleep.
"Of course, Mycroft. I will taked care of your beloved one during the day. I will show John Venice, and we will had dinner together," she interrupted him. She looked at John with a smile and saw that he also liked the idea.
"I am glad you came back," he said. He turned to him with his hand in his pocket. "I was going to call you in a few minutes."
In a fit of determination, he started to push Mycroft toward the bed, without breaking the kisses. He threw off his vest and the moment he wanted to push him onto the bed, the older man dodged. John lost his balance and landed face down on the bed. He didn't manage to react or even raise his head when Mycroft crushed him with his body. He put his hand under John and started to rub his chest, chuckling in a low tone.
Hanbury Street. It's in Whitechapel, he thought. A district of poverty and moral decline. Yes. Where else in London a murderer could find a more appropriate circumstance for his crime? Someone had been terrorizing prostitutes in that area for several weeks now. There were also several unsolved murders. The Whitechapel killer grew more and more famous. Famous enough that this time he decided to see what life was like in that district himself. Despite how horrible it sounded, maybe it would have dispelled the boredom and monotony that had been tormenting him since his return. He looked around, but all the carriages and hansom cabs were occupied. He crossed the street, making sure not to accidentally step into the horse droppings, lying on the ground. He realized it would take him a long time to look for an empty carriage, and he preferred not to waste any second more. He walked slowly down the main street, hoping to find an empty carriage. He limped, leaning his body on the cane. He bowed to the ladies who were passing him by, and from time to time, he would stop, looking for a free carriage. His patience finally paid off. Two horses, pulling a hansom cab for two, stopped nearby. He wasted no time. He walked over, gave a hand to the woman in a long dress, who was just getting out of the cab, and he raised his bowler hat with his other hand still holding a walking stick. The lady gave him a small smile.
Francesca's voice had always put John in a good mood. He couldn't control his grin. He bowed slightly and let the tiny woman into the room.
He got up off the couch with a clenched jaw and slowly stood behind the back of the sofa. He repeated the words of his brother in his head. He analyzed every word and the way it was spoken. He also had to face his feelings and emotions. But he knew one thing. He wanted to be in his brother's place. He felt jealousy and possessiveness.
"These gentlemen are apparently not too willing to accept your ideas. Since they do not want to listen to your advice, that's means, they do not need it and they can deal with this problem alone. Come on ..." John gave his hand to Mycroft and waited for him.
Sherlock looked at her with slight amusement. Later, his gaze followed John, who went to the wall and pulled a phone out of his pocket. "Notice, Molly, I didn't say a word about who the rivals were and who they fought for." He did a short pause. He knelt beside the red spot on the floor and continued. "Both victims loved one man. Of course, they didn't know they were rivals. They only found out about it here. Brother and sister realized that their chosen one was the same man. The man had no intention of hurting his sister, but she had no choice. When she understood the seriousness of the situation, she killed her brother and later committed suicide by shooting herself at the temple. "
Holmes raised the corner of his mouth. He kept him in doubt for a long time but finally answered. His voice was very quiet, almost a whisper. "Yes... and I wonder why."
"Holmes!" he raised his voice. Looking from side to side didn't help. The corridor was dark and empty. He had difficulty remembering the turns and the way back. He tried to recreate the way in memory when a hand slipped out of the door of one of the rooms and gripped his arm firmly. He did not have time to react, even when someone forcibly pulled him inside. He hit his back against the wall, immediately sighing with relief. Holmes's bright eyes, obscured by the wave of lust, stared at him with passion. The detective's hand almost crashed against the cold bricks next to his ear. He closed the heavy door of the room with the other one. He shuddered with excitement. The dim light revealed a pleased smirk on Holmes's face.
The meeting leader breathed a sigh of relief. "Excellent. So Dr. John Watson and Mr. Sebastian Moran are already in the team ..."
Mycroft disappeared for almost the whole day as usual. John should get used to it, but this time he felt irritated because he had the impression his husband was especially avoiding him and was looking for an excuse not to return to the apartment. Childishness, John thought and started wandered around. Besides that, Francesca went with her husband to an important conference right after lunch and she had to leave John alone. They both wished they could spend more time together, but John knew he wasn't here to satisfy his whims.
"Could you please start talking to me as if I were a normal person and not one of your coworkers?" He asked. "When things start to get uncomfortable for you, you isolate yourself and build an invisible wall in front of you." Not good. He didn't want to hurt Mycroft, and he could barely hold his gaze. It made him feel like he was fighting with a double-edged sword. "You are hiding behind a mask of indifference and coldness ..." he continued, softer and softer, "but you love people who are dear to you. Especially Sherlock." He looked at his friend. "You are helping us, you turn a blind eye to our antics. And even now, when I see how much this conversation costs you, you are happy that your beloved brother is finding out what real love means." One glance at Mycroft's face convinced him that what he was saying was a reflection of the genius's true feelings. "I'm sure you've taken responsibility for what we've done more than once and saved our asses many times and we don't even know it," he added, not wanting to destroy the moment with unnecessary hesitation. "When you stop pretending to be an emotionless perfectionist and when you struggle with your habits and weaknesses, you are fascinating." At this point, he hesitated for a moment and focused on Mycroft's pupils. "How could I not fall in love with you?" he asked softly.
"Yes". Sherlock pulled a silver USB memory stick out of his pocket. He put it on the table with a happy face.
"John, listen. I tried to avoid this issue because I thought that telling you this would only destroy the relationship between us, which by the way is not the best from the beginning. I mean, it was me who took you here and it was me who told you to pretend to be my spouse, so it seemed obvious to me that I would be responsible for you. If you have any problems, something bothers you or you just want to talk ... then you can rely on me. I'm not a man with a great hole instead of a heart. I understand what responsibility and empathy mean. "
I hope you understand this and you are not too sad if Johnlock is not your thing. But each of them will get as much attention as they deserve, so please, no worries!
Aaron bowed and grasped Molly's hand with an elegant and captivating smile. John saw the blushes on her cheeks and immediately bit his tongue because he knew Stoner wasn't worth the reaction. Especially from such a shy and delicate girl.
"You don't have to say anything. That was the deal. You helped me, so I want to repay you. I don't like being in debt, especially personal ones."
"Don't you have enough of this already?" John sounded more surprised than he intended. Of course, he was used to walking with Sherlock at different hours, but that day they had walked a few miles around the city and his legs slowly started to refuse to obey him.
He sighed. Out of helplessness and frustration. He felt that Holmes was right, but he did not quite agree with his methods. Prudence and patience. No. This clashed with his sense of justice and willingness to save other people's lives. He couldn't be patient when it came to the lives of people he couldn't protect himself. He wanted to act to prevent further murders. However, there was a lot of sense in what Holmes was saying. If they were going to catch the killer, they had to do it right. With a clenched jaw and narrowed eyes, he walked over to the nearest case. He could feel the blood boiling inside him. It took him a moment to notice that there was no glass to obscure the collection of blades. Very good. At last, he could feel something different on his skin than his own nails stuck in with frustration. He reached for the knife lying in the centre of the display. It was small and shiny. Its hilt was made of carved ivory. It was heavier than it seemed at first glance but very handy.
"I'm glad I found you, John. Sherlock wants to spend the evening together with me in the bar downstairs. He asks if you want to join us ..." she said, looked at him curiously.
"John, what are you talking about?" Sherlock blinked rapidly several times, shifting from foot to foot, giving an expression of panic beginning to take over him. "You talked about how you felt and about love. I thought ...".
"What do you mean?". Mycroft took a sip of strong wine and looked at his brother. Later his eyes fell on equally surprised John who was holding a glass in his hand. He realized what surprised Sherlock so much. "Are you so surprised that John is used to elegant behavior?" he asked and made John look at his hand and the way he held the glass and how he sat. "He learned a lot in these two weeks," he added with a slight pride in his voice.
John had to admit that this part of the party was nice but tiring. That's why he was glad when Mycroft found a dark corner where they could hide away from the crowds.
Sherlock understood that the case must have been serious. Usually, Mycroft decided everything that was important for the security and organization of the country, but not in this case. It had to be an international matter, and that made Sherlock even more interested. "Don't you think it would be wiser if you tell us what's going on here?" he asked, almost muttering, he leaned toward his brother and looked him straight in the eye.
Holmes straightened up slowly. He sighed, crushing the embroidered pillow in his hands. He looked at him, probably noticing every detail. "He wants me to stay in the flat."
"I thought I had a hard time figuring out what's on your mind at times," Mycroft put down the condom and looked John in the eye. "I have finally found a place where I do not have and will not have problems with it in the future."
Just before reaching the white building, surrounded by tables for hotel guests, Mycroft gently took John's hand. The slender fingers and warm skin were very stimulating. There was something unusual about this. Mycroft's presence made John want more of his touch, he wanted to feel even more strongly that at that moment he belonged to this man. This simple and innocent gesture turned into a very intimate and desirable element of their time together in just a few days. John had to admit he liked the touch of Mycroft's skin and was slowly getting used to it. He clung to him and squeezed his hand tighter.
"Oh no," she objected firmly, "I'll do it." She finished laying stones and preparing them as a base for the fire. "You should gather wood". She gave him a meaningful look. She was annoyed because John didn't fully understand what she meant. "Get out of here for a moment, because his bough is in such fire," she pointed at Sebastian, who was watching them from afar, "when you defied him so firmly that he will not quench it by tomorrow."
"W-what have you learned?" Lestrade asked, trying to recover from the shock. He went down the three steps that lead to the yard and stood over the body.
"And here is your problem ..." John said and after putting his cup on the black counter, he turned to his friend. He forced him to look at him. "... you think and analyze too much. Don't treat me like one of your experiments. Just say what you want to say ... Unless what you want to say is mean and you know it. In that case, try to put it in other words ... Just because I slept with your brother doesn't mean I'm not the same John you lived with for so many years. " John tried to keep his voice from putting pressure on Sherlock. He tried to be calm and friendly, although it was difficult for him to talk about these things.
John laughed briefly, sighed again, and patted his feet against the surface of the water several times.
"Mycroft? Emm ... No, that's stupid ... forget it." He looked out the window but felt the stare of an older man.
"For some time now," John said quietly. His barely audible words reached the sensitive ears of Francesca and Mycroft.
Holmes gritted his teeth and rolled his eyes. "If you were to show up at crime scenes just as unexpectedly, Lestrade, you would have caught the Ripper a long time ago."
It caused a sincere smile on the other man's face. He secretly looked at John's golden ring. Then he looked up and gave Mycroft a cheeky grin before staring at the doctor again. "Mycroft told me a lot about you," he murmured in an alluring voice.
Suddenly the belt in Mycroft's trousers landed on the ground and before he knew it, his buttocks were bare. John sank his fingers into the skin he had just exposed and started to remove Mycroft's shirt. Clothes were the biggest obstacle for him, and he wanted to get rid of it as soon as possible. The first two buttons on Mycroft's shirt did not cause him a problem, but the third proved to be a challenge. The button didn't want to squeeze through the narrow hole, and sweaty and trembling fingers didn't make John's task easier. Finally, his patience came to an end, he grabbed the front of the shirt with both hands and prepared to tear it apart. But Mycroft noticed and anticipated his move. He clenched his fingers tightly on John's hands and broke the kiss.
The buzz of conversations outside the hotel woke him up completely. He had to admit he was getting used to it. He didn't want to think about his dark room on Baker Street for now. He had never complained about the places he lived in before. After all, as a former soldier, he often slept in hollows in the dusty deserts of Afghanistan, or between sharp rocks nearby patrolled villages. But now he realized the great divide between his ordinary life and life with Mycroft and people like him. Although perhaps the ordinary word was not adequate, because life with Sherlock could never be classified as such. He got up from the bed. He stood still for a moment, stretching and staring at the shining water outside the window. He was hungry, so he went towards the living room.
Despite the good mood, John fell silent and frowned theatrically, pretending to be confused. "Sherlock is right, you really are becoming more and more sentimental. Although to tell you the truth, you've always been like that in my opinion, but for some reason, you are still trying to hide it from everyone ... You have a big brother complex," he added as he looked at Mycroft from the top of the head to elegant black shoes.
That is why he had been worried and taciturn for several days. He tried to function normally and did it successfully. He had experienced, so cheating and pretending came easily to him. Only the assistant had to suspect something. It wasn't weird. She knew him best of all the associates he had. It was a relief that even if she suspected something, she didn't say a word. She stayed with him and endured his moods, supporting him with her attitude. He was grateful for that, which is why he decided to give her a free evening. He sent her home and took care of the rest. The evening ended quickly because he had many things to do. When he went home after supper, it was past midnight. He lived outside the city in a calm and very quiet area, so it took him extra time to get there. He was not in a hurry, however. He watched the changing landscape outside the window. Flashing lights and the decreasing number of cars. When he arrived, he felt a calming fresh air, smelling of wood and a nearby pond. He listened to the humming leaves of the fence and the noise of the distant city.
"Please. Do us the honor. Mycroft finally let us meet you after so many years. Do not deny us that kiss," he said, trying not to scream, but the buzz of people was big. John looked at Mycroft, who stood proudly, but his slightly pink cheeks and clenched teeth indicated that he was uncomfortable in this situation. When their eyes met, Mycroft handed the glass over to the other man and looked at John apologetically. But John did not seem angry at the situation. He approached the other man even more and raised his chin invitingly. He felt Mycroft's warm arm around him and his hand on his cheek. He put his hands on Mycroft's chest, and a moment later their lips joined in a kiss. At that moment, everything ceased to matter. Cheers and applause of the people, the awareness that Sherlock had witnessed this kiss, and even the shyness he would usually feel if he kissed another man in the presence of so many people. Kissing Mycroft came as easily as if he had been doing it for years. He did not control his lust, and deepened his kiss, forcing the older man to lean even more. He sucked his lower lip between his lips and let it out after a few seconds, leaving it wet and slightly swollen. He stared at Mycroft's dilated pupils, who blinked quickly and smiled first at him and then at the others. At that moment, John understood what he had just done. He lowered his head and, trying not to blush with all his might, quickly disappeared from the dance floor, looking for a quieter place. Along the way, he grabbed the glass, not checking what was in it, and when the applause died down, he holed up the corner of the room, where he calmed his raging heart. It took a few moments before he realized that Molly stood alone a few feet away. He came to her.
This sealed his fate. The only hope of breaking free from his attacker's grasp lay now somewhere deep in the darkness. He lost all of his hope. He didn't even protest when a strong hand forced him to take two steps back and then lean toward the wall. The blade that had threatened his neck now stuck its tip in his back. He felt a blast of air as the killer swiftly tossed his coat to one side and pinched his fingers around his hip. He spread his legs as one of the killer's feet suggestively pushed his shoe outward. The only moment that caught his attention, and when it dawned on him where it was all leading to, was when something hard clung to his bottom. He gritted his teeth and felt a cold sweat on his face as the murderer began to rub against him. He felt humiliated. Powerless. He wanted to get away, but with every movement of protest, the knife pierced deeper into his back. It was a warning that he should give up the hope and will to fight. He felt his lips tremble. He was no longer scared but furious at the humiliation he was enduring.
"Yes," he nodded. "You can't even imagine how big it is," he said hoarsely. He wanted to kiss John here and now. He could barely refrain from bowing his head and reaching for his wet lips. He was stopped by a new phone that vibrated and made a loud annoying sound. He reluctantly pulled it out of his pocket and read the message. He grimaced, causing John's understandable reaction.
Molly, who had sat in silence so far, listened to this strange discussion. She looked at Sherlock and John and sipped her hot coffee from a small cup. When they fell silent, she decided to ask if her suppositions were correct. "Coffee and tea ..." she said uncertainly, "Is this some code or a metaphor?"
"What? That's all? I won't be able to prepare in such a short time, or at least enough to, don't embarrass you in front of ..."
"Come back to the room. John and I can handle it alone" Sherlock tried to convince her that her further efforts could only cause them more problems.
Sherlock gave him a mysterious smile. He did not answer. It didn't matter anymore. They stood on the bridge for a while, and after a few minutes went to meet Molly. As they came down the stone stairs, John felt someone's gaze on him. It didn't belong to Sherlock, so he looked around and saw the man who had passed them in the opposite direction. He lowered his head as soon as he saw that the doctor was looking at him. They managed to pass through another crowd of people. They found Molly and went with her to another part of the city, where the number of shops exceeded the number of pubs in the southern part of Ireland. John realized he could no longer feel the weight on his back that had accompanied him for several hours.
John noticed the dark bags under his eyes. Mycroft looked like he hadn't slept since they last saw each other. He avoided his gaze. It was also obvious that their meeting was accidental. He wasn't going to confront him right now. He was focused on Mycroft, but heard a grunt of discontent from Sherlock.
He nodded as he remembered that this was how the police marked their horses when a crowd of onlookers blocked their way and would not let them go any further.
"He is impossible ..." he muttered under his breath. John wanted to turn around and see what had happened, but Stoner pulled his hand and walked ahead, trying to squeeze through the crowds of tourists.
He raised his fingers and brushed a strand of her hair back. He tries to do it most intimately and romantically. It worked. The girl blushed and looked away.
John turned and left Mycroft alone in the room, slamming the bedroom door. He didn't know why, but talking to him made him annoyed. John did not understand Mycroft's nerves and his irritation with his behavior. He threw off his clothes, went to bed in his underwear and closed his eyes tightly. He wasn't going to think about Mycroft's strange behavior. He didn't want to think about Sherlock and Stoner. He wanted to forget who he was for a few hours.
He would roll his eyes, but he immediately realized that his question was trivial. He was grateful to his friend for sparing him a mocking comment. "I'll ask again. What's on it?"
"I would like the hospital to get more funding and ensure that even patients without health insurance will have the opportunity to get help and care. You are the government, Mycroft, and I am convinced you can do it somehow ..."
He sank into his thoughts so much, he barely realized when they started landing. He acted like a machine when he got into a private car, that was standing and waiting for them on the airport lane. He did not think about his actions, he was simply guided by instincts. Luggage, the presence of other people, the rest of the way - he did not care about these things in the slightest. Even as he drove through the famous Ponte della Libertà road his thoughts revolved around the only person for whom he left an interesting case and who would sum up this fact just by rolling his eyes. While his companion watched the storm move away from the city, he watched the train quickly overtake their car. He wished he had chosen the train, he would have arrived much earlier.
John shivered at the elder genius's voice so close to his head. Despite the competition and resistance, he felt Mycroft loosen his grip and lower his arm.
"How about walking around the city?" he suggested. "And you could buy Greg some little thing. He'll be happy."
He let him do it for a while, then turned his face away. He was breathing heavily, gasping for air. A shiver shook his whole body as the detective's nose and tongue began to tease the skin behind his ear. Tension, emotions, closeness... Savouring all turned out to be too intense for him. The feeling of fulfilment and happiness was mixed with excitement. Adrenaline took away the ability to recognize what was good and what was bad. Time and place did not matter. Mattered with who. He trembled in Sherlock Holmes' arms. He let him suck and caress his most sensitive areas. He could feel the detective's desire.
"What ... w-hh ... what ..." he stuttered, unable to formulate the thoughts and questions that were raging in his head. One word chased the other, but neither could find a straight path out of his mouth. He had the feeling that the absurdity of the situation would crush him, that the floor he was standing on would collapse, dragging them all down. Due to the rapid breathing and the open mouth, he could not swallow. He needed a moment now to understand what was happening. He spent many years with the Holmes brothers. A lot has happened and despite the years, they did not stop surprised him. However, it never occurred to him that he would hear similar statements and proposals from their lips. So what if they were talking to each other, and the content of this conversation was only to be between them. The very fact that they were bringing up this delicate subject was crazy enough to force John to look at them completely differently. Were they seriously ready to make such sacrifices for him? How great and strong must have been their love that they even considered it? How did it happen that although they had competed with each other before, tried to irritate one another, now they came to a common conclusion and stuck to it, despite so many differences? Did they really consider ...
Finally, Sherlock found a place that interested him so much. It turned out that the second killer was a misogyny-gondolier. He murdered women in the western and southern parts of the city. His victims were lonely ladies who unsuspectingly used his boat at night. Instead of going home, they went under water. He abandoned their bodies in various parts of the city. His trail was only found after the sixth victim, and it took the authorities more than two years to catch him. Sherlock's story interested John and Molly very much. His deductions effectively made their time more enjoyable. Even Mycroft, who didn't really like this type of entertainment, occasionally added short comments, adding more competition to the discussion. They moved from one crime scene to another until the topic of the second serial killer finally ended. Sherlock deduced everything he could. Mycroft pointed out his mistakes every time he had a different opinion. But John and Molly learned more than during their entire stay in Venice. The hours went by. They felt hunger more and more. They decided it was time to relax and eat something.
John followed his gaze. He looked at the thing he decided to take with him on the mission. He still had doubts, but now that his friend approved his choice, he felt more confident. He just hoped he didn't make a mistake that happened even to a genius like Sherlock.
Mycroft put his forehead on John's crown. John shuddered but as he prepared to turn around, Mycroft's soft lips started to leave single kisses on his neck. He loved this feeling, so he closed his eyes with pleasure and tilted his head back, leaning on the shoulder of the older man. He breathed through his open mouth and allowed himself to a low murmur.
"But some people ordered and paid the orchestra," John said and pointed at the band. It's true their music was not much fun, but John was of the opinion it was because none of the guests stood on the dance floor.
"How do you imagine it?" there was a hint of sarcasm in Sherlock's voice. "Will you offer him Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays and leave the rest of the days for me?"
"I can't looks at your face, John. I mean ... you are tired and I feel sorry for you. What happen, my dear? Was Mycroft unpleasant, you had a hard time? It's not nice to ask about such things, but I'm worried because you look like you are suffering. You and him, "she said softly, nodding toward the glass door.
"How did you even come across the trail of Moriarty's organization? How do you know where to find his hiding places and how many are there?".
"Were you surprised by his choice? I mean, I'm a man. Why didn't Mycroft choose a beautiful woman to pretend to be his wife?"
John has lost all self-control. Instead of pulling him for another kiss, he pushed Sherlock onto the bed, crushing him with his body and showering him with the touch of wet lips.
"Oh really?" John asked in mock surprise, leaned back and crossed his arms. "So why did you lie about it? Why did you persuade everyone, you managed to get married and you are not alone? Are you so afraid people will feel sorry for you? You are so lonely you don't want to look like a lame duck who doesn't can make someone fall in love with him? "
At one point he felt a pleasant scent. He didn't even have to turn his head to know who had entered the room.
"No," he shook his head. "While lying in the hospital after surgery, I decided to change something." He stroked his moustache involuntarily. There was no answer. He could have sworn that at this moment Holmes' gaze was focused on something other than his eyes. "What is it?" he asked, his eyes narrowed a little.
"...under ordinary circumstances, I would not dare to take your time." The man cleared his throat and once again straightened his gray hair. "But it was not difficult, even from a distance, to notice your good and logamus... lomis..." he fell silent and thought deeply, making his wrinkled face look like a prune now.
"With pleasure, Francesca. I was actually going to ask you a favor today ..." Mycroft looked at his husband. "I have several meetings by noon. I know I'm asking for a lot, but I have to leave you alone. Francesca, you could ..." he said, looking at the woman again.
Holmes rolled his eyes. "Phillips' statements are wrong. It was Dr Watson who gave the correct time of the murder. It was raining until five in the morning, but the deceased's clothes are dry. She must have come here short after five. The witnesses' testimony, who heard strange noises at that hour, confirms this conclusion".
John must have looked very surprised because Anthea smiled and calmly took a sip of black coffee from her elegant cup before she answered his unspoken question.
"I did as you asked," Mrs. Coletti said. She could almost see the smile of satisfaction on her friend's face. Although she wasn't convinced of her idea, she wanted to help because she understood her motherly feelings, which she also had for both Holmes brothers and recently also for John Watson. "I think it can work."
