"Nice save," Mary pushed his shoulder a little, moving him off the dance floor as the song ended. "Because we both know there are some paper journalists wandering around here."
Unbeta'd as usual, and Marvel owns more than I do.
"Where's the fun in that?" Tony swore he saw Coulson smile. Tony pressed an alcohol wipe to his arm and held it there. "Good to see you guys have all of this covered while we were gone." Tony did notice the Agent wrap the bullet up and slip it in his pocket.
"So, it's completely getting late, and I will let you two have fun," Tony said, grabbing his hat and getting up. "We'll be back in the morning." He gave them a wave and left the room, closing the door once again, and making his way to the elevators. Tony waited impatiently for the numbers to light up, tapping his foot a little. He just wanted to get back to Peter.
“You’re on!” Steve accepted. “As the Army is wont to do, we will win with grace and humility.”
"What's the difference between drinking a beer, and drinking this?" Steve asked, ever so gently tugging Tony's hand away from the crystal decanter.
By some force of luck, (for the terrorists), a bullet lodged in the gear of the leg of the suit, sending him down to kneel. He never stopped shooting out the flames though. A few more explosions and he knew that he had a short window to get out of there. He forced himself up, leg stiff and straight, looked down at the arm and flipped a switch. His suit was propelled up into the air, the explosions of the weapons below him giving a little extra boost, and he was flying! Tony Stark was flying through the air!
"This is important," Tony told Rhdoey, leaning in a little. "Justin Hammer is not allowed to touch this suit. I don't want his squirrelly little fingers anywhere near my baby. This is the first suit that I built after getting out of that gods forsaken cave." Tony spit off the side just thinking about the little weasel. "And, this next condition, is even more important than the first one."
"You helped my Daddy, and Uncle Bruce, and Mr Steve," Peter continued, not moving his hand away, waiting patiently. Hulk let out a snort of air through his nose, looking a little anxious, before he took a couple steps forwards. Tony tried not to tense up, watching him. Hulk put out his hand and Peter grabbed one large finger with his hand, and shook it up and down like he was shaking someone's hand. "Thank you."
Tony stepped right, purposely bumping into Steve's side. '
"I'm afraid not, Sir."
“Speaking of things that look good on me,” Tony said, sitting up a little. “What do you think about glasses? Not sunglasses, but actual prescription glasses?”
“This is going to end so badly.” Tony had one arm wrapped around his stomach, his other hand pressed up to his hand. Steve was standing next to him. “Just, so awful.”
"That is the point," Tony said, looking up at him. "That's Loki's point. Barton would have told him everything, about Mary and Coulson, about Peter. He hit us all right where we live. Why?"
“Is here to observe,” Steve said, turning his gaze to the two SHIELD agents. “One day he’ll be out there with us and I don’t want him trying to play catch up.” The two scowled a little, but didn’t talk against the Captain. “When we’re training I want us to try and stick to code names, so we keep it up out in the field.”
"Every Stark needs their first "Little Scientists Kit"," Tony urged as Rhodey leaned over to look at what was on the tablet.
Tony's head jerked up though at Jarvis's words. "Put the connection through now, J." Tony slid over to his computer station on the stool he was one, watching the screens pop up as Jarvis made the call. He watched the signals bounce across New York, then over seas, over the Atlantic, through the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and eventually over to India.
"Just stating what I see." Steve reached out, grabbing his towel from the hook next to the shower. "How's your nose this morning?" He stepped out of the shower with the towel around his waist, and tried to ignore the leering look he was getting from Tony.
"Cause I'm sweet!" Tony laughed and hugged him close to his chest. Peter had a devious little grin on his face.
"Where's my son?!" Tony shouted again. He had to get Peter back. Tony shivered when something brushed behind him and he turned around. There was nothing there.
“I believe that you said some of the same things to me,” Bucky reminded him. “When you was still a little guy, and I was dating,…”
"Hey Mr Tony." Wade turned his head, still standing in the doorway, and shouted. "It's just Mr Tony!" He turned and left the door open for the older man.
Getting back upstairs earlier, and relieving Bruce from babysitting duty, Steve had pulled up the footage right away, and studied what had happened. Steve checked Jamie’s diaper before pressing a big kiss to her cheek. He heard some knocking at the door and Tony waved him off to go greet their guests, eyes still glued to the tablet screen.
"I heard him moving on the bed," Wade said and Tony looked over towards him. "And then I thought I heard him talking, and I knew that he was having a dream."
"One can only drown so many times before it becomes a Pavlovian response to water," Tony hit out, trying, and failing, for a chuckle. "God, I'm so messed up."
As soon as the suit opened Tony was up and swinging fists. He caught the younger man that he recognized in the jaw, and turned on his foot to bring a roundhouse kick to the next guy. Tony was startled when a bullet just missed his head, sinking into the car that was behind him, and it was enough of a pause to let two bigger guys slam him back into the vehicle. He gasped, clenching his jaw, when someone slammed a tazer into his stomach.
“I didn’t bring my suit for a reason,” Steve watched him get undressed, raking his eyes up and down his body until Tony pulled the pants, and eventually the white shirt. “These pants, might be tighter than what I wore last year.”
"I'm fine," he said, turning away from the windows and walking over to the bar to set the glass down. She raised an eyebrow at the amber liquid. "Relaxes me to just pour a glass and hold it. Wasting a lot of good scotch, but," he shrugged one arm, "creature comforts. Listen, really, I'm fine. Captain Guard Dog has already been checking up on me, and I'm already upgrading Jarvis. There's no sign of the-"
Tony had sent Steve a text, along with a new phone for him, saying that a driver would be taking him and Jamie to where Tony would meet them, outside of Manhattan where there would be less of a chance to be seen by the cameras and the tabloids. They probably wouldn't be able to escape the fan on the streets, but that was something they could deal with.
Tony glanced over to the door, seeing Mary's parents walking in, tears in Rachel's eyes. "I'm awake now, baby boy," Mary said quietly, her own tears trailing down her cheeks. No one could resist an upset, crying child, it was like a punch to the gut. "I'm awake, I'm not going anywhere. I love you so much, Peter." Peter had tried to make himself as small as possible to fit entirely in Mary's arms, soft sniffles sounding as he held on for all he was worth.
"Tony," Mary's voice came through, and Jarvis unmuted the other lines, the two voices falling silent now. "We've got problems."
“Did you have fun today?” Steve asked after a few minutes. “Lots of other kids seemed to really like your costume today.”
"Breathe." That voice, he knew that voice. His body tried to desperately pull air into his lungs, the one word triggering an unconscious bodily action. "Easy, easy." There was a soft thump, something being put on the couch beside him, and then there was a little device entering into his eye sight. "You remember this one right?" Stane. "It's a shame the government didn't approve it. There's so many applications for causing shot-term paralysis."
"Steve should be home, maybe the three of you could have a guys night while you watch the opening?" Mary closed the folder. She put her thumb to a lower drawer of her desk, pressing the digit to the fingerprint scanner. The drawer popped open and she slid the folder to the bottom, then pulled out her badge and standard issue weapon.
He grabbed his Starkpad and pulled up the latest scans and results that Bruce had uploaded. He looked at the x-rays first and wrinkled his nose. His lungs were already shifted and looking funky with the arc reactor in his chest, but now they looked cloudy, and just, not right. They were looking better than the first images that were taken. Bruce had him on an intensive medical regiment to treat the pneumonia, and while it sucked, it seemed to be working.
//Edit: I make no comments about religion, I'm not Protestant. I'm also basing this on
“Still nothing to worry about,” she said with a nod. “I was worried about you, Tony. I trusted that you would figure something out, but I’d be lying if I said that I was worried that it might not be in time.”
“Oh yeah, ‘
"Something like that," Tony muttered, pulling over a stool. "Is Bruce back yet?"
Steve snorted, smiling though. "Please don't make the next suit all gold," Steve begged him.
“He was hurting me, and it wasn’t the first time he had done it,” Wade blurted out after a moment of silence. “I mean, that’s why Mom wanted a divorce from him. He beat us both. I tried to stop him from hitting her. He said that if I could do that, then I was man enough to take my beatings.” Wade shrugged a little. Steve once again had that rare feeling of murderous rage go through his body, the exact feeling he told Wade that he’d never act on. In a perfect world.
Tony looked down at the scan and wobbled his head a little. It could have been worse, and he could see the wound. He could pull out the bullet, then bandage it, and if Bruce got back in time, get him to treat it properly. If not, tomorrow he'd call for a house visit from his doctor. Glancing behind he saw that Steve had pulled down the top of his suit, the undershirt seeing better days, but Peter was helping clean up some of the cuts on Steve's arm. He was preoccupied enough to miss Tony reaching for some forceps. It wasn't going to be pleasant, but this was something that Tony could deal with, bullets were something that Tony knew.
Tony just turned his attention to Peter to see curious hazel eyes looking up at him. "Before we all go eat, I just wanted to tell you about a few things that happened while you were gone." Peter tilted his head in curiosity. "You know how Mr Steve and I are dating?"
"Ugh, that makes me sound so, domestic." Tony moved his mouth, sticking his tongue out like there was something on it. "that's such an ugly word."
“Romantically linked with former Handler Emil Dittmar,” he started to rattle off easily. “Of direct German heritage. Graduated with a degree in Art and Art History. Considered of value and a likely recruit for training with Hydra, to report directly to Handler Dittmar. Name entered into Hydra databases at time of birth by Jacob Rosenfeld. Surveillance held, but no contact made until recently.” Tony couldn't help but tense a little. He felt like Hydra was suddenly everywhere.
“Once I found out where she came in, I checked old videos, and saw that someone came to pick her up. A nice black car with plates that trace back to the Colonel.” Tony huffed out a breath. “I don’t wanna tell Bucky or Meg yet, because we might see our new seasonal friend, and he might take another trip down to DC.”
"My doctors are setting up in the room next to Mary's," Tony said from the back, sitting next to Steve, looking down at his phone. "The room should be all set for when we get there, and I'll transmit all information to them
Outside of the room, Mary pulled the door closed most of the way, leaving a crack open, and walked with Steve back towards the living room. "What brings you down here this time of night?" Steve raised an eyebrow at her. "I'm a mother, anything past Eight is starting to feel late to me when I have a bedtime to keep track of." Steve smiled softly. "Did you find out anything new about what happened upstairs?"
"Is that song relevant, or is it just something that you like?" Steve asked, not looking away from his sketchbook.
Steve decided to walk to the park that was down the street from Peter's school, passing by the school on the way, but stopped when he saw a familiar hat sitting on a bench at the corner. The man wore dark sunglasses, and a well worn blue Captain America hat. "Tony?"
"My plans are to spend the weekend with my son," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "I had the last board meeting until next week, and I've cleared my schedule with Pepper, specifically for this weekend." Like he said he would, giving Mary and Coulson a worry free holiday.
"Confirm what I'm seeing," Bruce said quietly, but quickly to him. Tony frowned but looked down at the screen.
"It's what we've down the past two years," Mary said a little quietly. "It's been a while since they've had someone to spoil for Christmas-"
"How long to get everyone out?" Fury glanced at the jeeps that were being loaded up already.
"Did you find Jackson?" There was a pause and Tony really didn't like that.
"Father not in the picture?" He asked as soon as he as positive she wasn't going to hear them.
“I’ve been able to shield your mind, yes,” Dr Strange nodded, setting his hands on the counter, folding them together. “I can’t remove whatever influence was left there, but that would be more of Loki’s expertise. I can’t erase the progress that the Titan has made, or what he will make towards Earth, but we know that we’ve at least slowed him down.” Tony grunted a little with a nod.
“And please don’t spend more than five thousand on him,” she added.
"Put your hand out," Tony told the little boy. "Palm up." Peter followed his word, putting the hand that passed through the ornament out and open. Tony moved the ornament over and let it settle in Peter's hand, looking like he was holding it now. Whenever Peter moved his hand, the ornament moved with it. Jarvis had already scanned him into the system, to recognize him for any hologram action, tracking his movements.
Tony found Steve walking towards Peter's room, with both his and Wade's bags, and moved to open the door for him. "I could have gotten those," Tony told him.
"Get dressed, killer," Steve said as he headed back for the bedroom. Tony hopped down to the floor to follow him. "We've still gotta make breakfast for the boys before the others get here."
"Last time I was there-"
Tony had found himself leaning in to Steve's hands, closing his eyes a little at the warm touch, letting it soak in. One traitor tear slipped down to run over Steve's thumb. "I'm still mad at you," he said quietly, not trusting his voice not to crack.
"Core for the arc reactor," Tony said breathlessly, his hand out to Mary. She let him take the new palladium core and insert it into the arc reactor. "Regular double A's don't work as well, sadly." He gave her a little smile, slipping his hand back under his shirt with the reactor. She listened to the click, and then Tony pounded on his chest a little, letting out a cough.
"I, myself, am a huge fan of the Nineties music, specially Pop music," the woman confessed. "I'm probably still stuck there, but the music was good, and just felt like more value was placed in vocal harmonies...." She trailed off for a second, not looking too positive in her statement. "Well, with some artists. That doesn't even cover some of the instrumental songs that came in the early Two-Thousands. Like I said, I just really like music, and there's not enough time in the day to talk about it. I've probably taken up too much of your time as it is."
“If you don’t go and protect my kids, I’m gonna blast you with the unibeam,” Tony told her quietly as he carefully stepped back over to the suit. He unlocked it and lifted it, closing his eyes as it formed around him, trying to ground himself.
person to learn about them. (They hadn’t shown up when Steve had come to retrieve his own pokemon, instead roaming the Tower to fix what they could with their abilities.)
"That's what makes you human," Steve said. "I'm really not perfect, despite what everyone says or think." Tony snorted a little. "I'm serious, I'm stubborn to the ends of the earth, and I never back down from a fight. I'm mouthy and I'm fiercely protective of those I care about, almost down to a dangerous level."
"Lover?" Both men said, different emotions in the words.
Steve's breath caught in his throat, the cold in his stomach knotting up, and he quickly covered Peter's eyes, much to the boys protest. Tony shot up into the sky a split second before everything was being fired at him.
"Dr Banner," Coulson spoke up this time. "You're the best expert we have on the scientific aspect of a Serum, do you recognize the formula?"
Peter looked at him with big eyes, still curled into Tony's arms. Until he suddenly leaned forward, putting out his hand towards Hulk. "Hi, I'm Peter," he said quietly, shyly.
“Tell me why.”
The ride itself wasn't too exciting. Tony took his own sedan, finally getting one so he didn't have to keep borrowing the town car form Happy, and took other exit from the underground garage, where they would be seen by practically no one. Wade and Peter were in the back, playing a game together on one of Tony's tablets, and Steve was in the passenger seat. All the bridges were open again for traffic, and heading into the city were a lot of trucks carrying supplies, and volunteers mostly, and it made Steve smile a little to see everyone coming together. He wished that he could do more, to be out there helping everyone, but public opinion was split about the Avengers, about whether they had actually done more damage with their actions, or if they were even safe to have around. He didn't need to be a reason to set back any of the efforts.
"Looks like you were right," Coulson said. "He was building a suit."
“Don’t talk about my sweet precious coffee like that,” Tony looked at her, scandalized. “He’s right here,” he stage whispered. Mary just rolled her eyes and started to roll backwards in the wheelchair.
“That is so unfair,” Tony muttered as Peter hugged her again, giving her a sloppy kiss before grabbing his book bag.
"Why did you take my son?" Tony asked, suddenly not wanting to continue this line of questioning. He didn't care about what happened to Loki, the madman had touched his son and that was unforgivable.
"You're a good man, Rogers," Tony mumbled from Steve's arms. "It's so frustrating sometimes."
"I'll be there in a couple minutes, yeah? Have to clean up the dishes from breakfast real quick." Peter nodded seriously at Tony's words. "Then we can spend however long with Mama as you want."
"Can you stop for two seconds?" Steve finally huffed out, taking the Starkpad from Tony's hands. "Eat the sandwich, you've still got time."
"Paperwork," Tony muttered. "I get enough paperwork with Pepper and SI, I don't need his paperwork as well."
"No one can beat Captain America!" Steve chuckled as Wade started to dance around him. Peter ran over and hugged Tony around the waist.
“This is a rare treat,” Bruce said on Sam’s other side. “He’s able to relax completely, and he’s able to enjoy some of his nerdier features with his son, and Wade.”
"Aww, that is super sweet!" She was right, spirited was not the words that Steve should have used. Enthusiastic, theatrical, exuberant, vivacious even. "I'm touched, really, to be approved by a personal friend of the good Captain. Alright, I can sense that she wants to talk to you about serious matters of the heart, so I'll let you go. Corporal Wingman will continue her mission."
"I don't actually want you to buy the building," Steve said with a little smirk.
"He likes to eat," Peter said, his hands going to find Tony's arc reactor out of habit. "Usually stuff like tacos, but he likes sweets, too. And he's really funny."
The elevator let off a soft ping and Steve and Bruce walked into the living room, Bucky behind them already looking a little broody. Tony sat on the couch opposite of Loki, not looking at anyone, but aware of where everyone was. He became intensely aware when there were a few more sets of feet stepping in as well. Barton, and Romanoff, (who hadn’t showed up until nearly the end of the scheduled party time, thus ensuring that Bucky and Meg stayed away,) and the surprising sounds of Rhodey’s boots. Any other time Tony would have jumped up at the prospect of his best showing up, but something had been grating on his senses, and by extensions, his nerves, all day long.
"They're kind of like stress bracelets," Steve told him. He held up his other hand, and Tony could see that he was wearing a blue one and a yellow one. "When you're starting to feel stress, from memories, or a flashback, or just too many thoughts, you just snap these against your wrist." He flipped the bracelets, which looked to be made of some kind of rubber, to show that on a few spots there was a patch of hard plastic. "The sharp snap is supposed to bring you back to the present."
"It's not really working, yet," Steve admitted. "A friend of mine is trying to help me, uh, well, flirt, with music." He had texted Meg before his shower, saying that they needed to up their game. She had responded saying that she would get a list ready for him in a couple of hours. "But, she doesn't know Tony, specially not like you do."
“Had to, kids safe,” Tony said as he leaned his head against Steve’s shoulder.
"You're going to be dangerous when you get older kid," Tony said ruffling his hair a bit. There would be no saving either boys hair for the wedding. "Alright, get to work you two." Tony dropped into the chair that Steve had been sitting in earlier.
“You don’t usually talk about your call-outs,” Danielle said as Tony sat down on the couch.
"You always root for him," Steve shot back.
"I think Loki's trying to wind us up," Steve said, looking back to Bruce, too. "This is a man who means to start a war, and if we don't stay focused," Steve leveled a pointed look over at the other arc reactor, "he'll succeed. We have orders, we should follow them."
"I'm Pepper Potts, and I've heard a lot about you," she introduced, not letting Steve get a word in. "And you'll be staying the background with me."
"And believe it or not, that actually helps, Tony," Rhodey assured him. "Specially for growing kids, who need their social-"
Steve kissed Tony's cheek. "You can do this, Tony," Steve told him. "I know you can. I've seen you with Peter, and you're so much better than you think you are. This probably isn't going to be easy, but if anyone can handle this with him, it's you."
Tony jumped when he heard Mary's voice coming from the ceiling. He was looking through his dresser, but he wasn't sure for what. "Yeah, it's me. Jarvis called me." Jarvis, he could trust Jarvis for everything. Which Jarvis had called her though. "You're AI, Tony." He must have said that out loud. "What are you doing right now?"
"Captain." Steve looked over and saw the grim face of Coulson standing there. "Suit up." Steve grit his teeth and nodded. Coulson went over, picking up Peter, who was wiggling around, trying to see the TV, not understanding why they wouldn't let him see his Daddy.
“I’ll be waiting for you back at the Tower.”
Tony took a couple steps forward, grabbing Peter around the waist, lifting him up and into his arms "Were you hopping around like a bunny? Are you a bunny?"
"Yeah," Steve could picture Tony's nod. "But, we'd all be much closer now. You wouldn't have to wait to come and see me, I'll be in the same building."
Steve frowned at her. "Tony Stark was willing to give his life to save millions yesterday, because he was the only one who could do it. There aren't many people I know who would be willing to make that call."
"That, my boy, is the Smithsonian Museum," Tony told him. "There's a lot of history in there, you remember what history is, right?"
Tony frowned. "You know what? I was naive before, when they said, 'Here's the line, we don't cross it. This is how we do business.'" Tony looked at him, really not wanting to believe what was happening. "If we're double-dealing under the table...." He paused, looking for any reaction from the man that was like his father. "Are we?"
Steve laughed as he followed them at a more sedate pace. The laugh pulled a soft giggle from Jamie, and he couldn’t help but smile down at her. “Oh, you’re getting more pictures too, little lady,” he told her. “It’s all going in the scrap book, because you won’t remember your first vacation, or your first costume. I will be the embarrassing parent who shows them off to your first partner, and to your prom date, if they’re different people. Make no mistake, I can be merciless.” She tilted her head a little, then turned when she heard Peter’s voice.
Steve had walked into the living room, looking around, then over to the windows where the curtains had been pulled open. He could most of the park, spread for miles, and a smile slowly lifted on his face. Jamie leaned forward to press her hands to the windows as she looked out, too. “It’s really something, ain’t it, baby J?”
"Dr Banner, how long until more of your tests are done?" Steve asked him, pulling out his Captain voice.
“Jarvis said you were still up,” he said quietly as Tony leaned back down, facing Peter. Steve reached out to gently fluff Peter’s hair, rubbing his head gently. The boy seemed to sink deeper into the bed, the motion relaxing him.
"Built for something a lot stronger than you," Fury countered and Tony frowned.
Mary was looking up towards the roof, starting to look around for a ladder, or anything to get up there to help. "Mary!" Tony whisper shouted.
There was a lot of fuss, but Tony got everyone, including Vee, to travel with Pepper, to stay safe.
"I wasn't sure if you were awake or not," the nine-year-old said as he fell back on his butt on the bed, pulling his legs into a sitting position. "You weren't, by the way." Tony rolled his eyes a little and pulled his blanket over his face. "Is it safe to be sitting on this bed with you?"
Everything in his body locked up, every nerve going numb, a high pitched sonic noise traveling through his ears and shutting down his body. His eyes widened when his body started to slump, falling without being able to control his own movements- No, there was someone behind him, there was a hand on the back of his neck, slowly bring him back to rest against the back of the couch.
"Hi, Mr Steve!" Peter said as he came over, having opened all the windows. Tony could tell cause there was a slight chill coming inside from the cold weather outside. "Daddy burned some of the cupcakes." Tony's expression deadpanned, but Steve wouldn't see it because of the sunglasses. "But, it's alright, because we bought a couple extra boxes."
This was Howard's office.
“Come on, Bucky,” Steve asked, and Bucky sent him a little glare. “We can totally do this, it would be nothing with your metal arm!”
"Hey, thanks for the easy exit, Gary," Tony shot the man a smile. "I am an equal opportunity lover, and I'll request that no one else give my falsely titled former male lover any more airtime. I'll release my own statement on that in the future, and you all can run it for days on end! Promise, darlings, it'll be worth it in the end." He kissed his hand, blowing a kiss to the crowd before throwing up a peace sign, walking backwards back into the building, the doors closing.
“That would be one of your voices of reason,” Steve informed him.
"Having big important war time missions to stop Hydra would kind of put a damper in that," Tony said, nodding.
"I shall start putting in regular breakfast orders for scones and tea, Sir." Steve noted that it vaguely sounded like a threat from the AI.
"Who is he?" Steve asked, looking at Tony.
Steve laughed as Peter tumbled back on his lounger, re-enacting a story about him and Wade. Tony sat up to interject, to stop the boy from getting too worked up and falling off the furniture, but with a smile on his face. Steve's phone went off with a text message, earning a half-hearted glare from Tony when he heard the 90's Boy Band ringtone.
"She made it for me for Christmas." Tony raised an interested eyebrow. "She works with glass and subtractive sculpture."
He saw that it was a message from Meg, and he figured that she probably had a couple other songs for him that he could add to their playlist.
Of course! Tony almost rolled his eyes again. The soldier comes out to play. "Followings not really my style."
“And that’s why Jamie and I are spending the night down on Mama and Phil’s home?” Peter asked, watching Tony put the tie back on.
Tony didn't bother going to sleep when he got home, going straight down to his workshop. He immediately found any report about Gulmira, needed to see what was happening. That was Yinsen's home, and it was his name that was destroying it. When he saw the face of the man that had held him captive, still alive, he checked out, turning the Mark III gauntlet into a weapon.
"Touché." He took a drink of the coffee, then reached over to add a little bit of sugar to it. "Also, I promised Wade I would ask you something a few months ago." Julie raised an eyebrow at her. "And, he kind of made his case quite elegantly."
“AIM has never been very high on my list,” Tony said, pressing Steve’s fingers gently to the bandage. “They’re not very bright, and I’m not surprised that they weren’t the ones who got the most out of the research that they had. Of course they’d have to settle for petty crime, kidnapping and stealing. I’m still not worried about them.”
"Shouldn't we be moving him right away?" Mary asked, not liking at all what she was hearing.
"Alright, Captain Sassypants." Steve grinned under Tony's hand. "You're being my shield today, get used to it, let's go." Steve slipped his hand into Tony's as they left the bedroom, a tingle spreading up Tony's arm at the sensation. He could handle this.
"Two??" Rhodey exclaimed quietly. "When did you find out about this?"
"Barnes is still watching Meg, and I'm assuming he'll be a constant shadow around the building when she gets back, too." Tony ran his hand through his hair. Dinner had been a nice distraction, but he could feel everything starting to pile up again, and he was one step away from becoming too overwhelmed. "Jarvis, we should think about updating a few security protocols so that alarms aren't blaring every time he touches a window."
"I can do both," Loki replied. "The reward depends on the price that is paid."
"Well, that would probably be the point of this fancy dress," She told him, finishing her champagne. As she put the glass on the tray of a passing waiter, Tony took her hands, leading her to the dance floor. "I didn't know you were going to be here."
"What if I want to hold the Peter?" Steve said, trying to walk away with Peter still in the hug hold.
“Just remember to not run them over,” Steve told him, thankful for the tinted windows of Tony’s car. He watched his boyfriend closely, saw him white knuckle the steering wheel a couple of times, before they pulled out until they were free of being surrounded. “Pepper called not too long ago.” He saw Tony glance over at him before looking back out at the road. “The picture broke online not too long ago, she’ll be waiting for us back at the Tower.”
"I would offer up my memories to compare with what he had experienced during the invasion," Loki said suddenly, looking at Thor. They both had stoic, very seriously, expressions, and Tony had to wonder what they hell went on up in Asgard. Fucking Magic.
"Well, he'll share a room with me," Tony told him, and he ignored the way Wade's nose wrinkled. "You still got your room, that won't change. It's just that Mr Steve will be up there now, too, when he isn't working. And that doesn't mean that we still can't have our father son time, like we do down in the workshop-"
Mary took a couple deep breaths, then looked at Steve. "Oh, lord, you're serious." Steve nodded. "I think I'm going to need more details. I know you and Tony have been tight lipped about most things that happened back at the Manor when-"
"We got in trouble with husbands and boyfriends, not the law! We knew how to control our temper." Tony pointed his wooden spoon at Steve. Steve just smiled at Tony, giving him pause. He turned his attention back to his concoction. "So, why aren't you going to get any sleep tonight? Post mission adrenaline?"
"Give me a second," she said while holding up a finger. She took a breath and nodded. "I can hear the lingering, 'but'."
"You're sweet, Jarvis," Mary said with a grin, turning to pointedly look at Tony.
.” Tony looked at Steve, pulling both hands up to wrap around Steve’s face before pressing their lips together, greedily stealing kisses from him. Steve took in a breath through his nose before pressing back against together just as eagerly, lifting his hand to rest along Tony’s neck. “If there’s anyone who deserves to have all of that, it’s you,” Tony said breathlessly against his lips. “You deserve to have a family more than I do. You selfless, fucking sap.”
Tony yelped in pain as the blue energy tried to make another surge, but was held back. He was quickly praying that someone would do something, to put an end to something, when his body started to tingle. Tony let out a puff of breath as it felt like a warm blanket was gently being lowered on his body, then it grew cold. He felt lethargic, and detached, like he didn’t want to, and wouldn’t be able, to do anything. His head felt fuzzy and light, and golden light covered his eyes, driving back the blue and some of the pain. It felt like he was being lifted up, then pulled back down, like being underwater, and Tony deducted that Strange must be bringing him back.
Steve was sitting with the two boys in the living room while Tony was making the hot cocoa. He claimed that Steve couldn't be in the kitchen because he was making his secret hot cocoa, and it was a family recipe that no one else could know. Peter claimed that it would be worth it. Steve let Peter and Wade pick a spot on the couch, and then go through the movie list. Steve had told Wade that he had done a good job with helping Peter in the bedroom while Tony was comforting the younger boy. Wade seemed to have done this before, and Steve was curious about why a young boy knew how to comfort night terrors.
"It doesn't change the fact that you went out of your way to keep it from me," Steve said to her. He recalled Mary's words every time Peter had spouted out some random fact about his Dad. "you would say that he worked for Stark, that he was doing projects with him. You tried to mislead me from him."
"Does that mean you'll be giving up the apartment?" Steve asked Mary.
"Says the man who stepped into a weird chamber and let someone experiment on him. For fun."
Tony frowned and pulled his hand down, looking at the older man. "I used to get them all the time," William admitted. "After I got back from my tours of duty, PTSD."
The day before they all left for France, Tony was called to DC for a senate hearing, no doubt about the Iron Man armor again. Steve was showing Peter how to blend some of the colored pencils that he had when he caught the headline on a news station.
Tony brought the pages up in front of him, blue glow of the hologram in front of him, eyes skimming over all the words at once. He was barely aware of the door opening behind him when he realized what he was looking at. Tony's mouth dropped open and his eyes widened, shock and anger coursing through him.
“Okay,” Wade said with a nod. There was an air of casualness to it, like Steve had just confirmed something for him. Like reminding him that fish needed water to live.
"You'll die!" Mary shouted back.
"A few things, actually," Tony said, both hands around the mug. "We're having a big family dinner when the boys get back, so I'm extending a formal invitation to you as well, because I'm told that's polite. We both know you're always invited, anyway"
"There's a distinct difference in alcoholic drinks," Tony told him. He knew Steve was distracting him, but it was kind of working, so who was he to complain about it. "Beer, champagne, even some wines, much lower alcoholic content. They're overrun with other ingredients, going more for taste. That's what a lot of people appreciate about them, the taste, make you forget that you're drinking something that the kiddos can't have. Just enough to get the dopamine in your head rolling around, make the party just a little bit more fun." He looked back at the amber liquid in front of him. "But this, this is made in a very particular way. Almost like an art form. And there are those out there who drink and appreciate that art, the taste, the way it's made, and aren't alcoholics. Fair game to them."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyuqI0EfPLA - (video Game music= Legend of Zelda)
None of the press that was camped outside of the mansion took two glances at Rhodey's pick-up when it left, and when it eventually came back. They knew Lt Col Rhodes, they knew that he wouldn't answer any questions that Tony Stark, or Obidiah Stane, hadn't already answered. No, they wanted to see the man himself.
“Better,” Tony said with a smile. “Although, I am wearing underwear now.”
Peter wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, and his legs around his waist. "Now it's stuck to my chest!" Tony laughed and dropped into a chair, arm catching Peter so he could sit in his lap. "How was school, kiddo? Get all your homework done?"
"The man claiming to be Mr Stark's, lover?" Steve asked and he swore he heard a tiny chuckle from the woman.
"Why?" Tony looked at him, tilting his head. "'Cause the stocks dipped forty points? We knew that was going to happen." They had predicted it right after the press conference.
"She did stab your left arm with a knife," Steve pointed out.
"It's about time we started getting some good news."
“You’re forgetting to say the boys are quiet,” Steve corrected. “For some reason, those two get her riled up.”
The responses from the last chapter were astounding! Thank you guys, I'm Sooooo happy that you all liked it. I was actually incredibly nervous about that last chapter. That won't be the last we see of a chapter like that, but now my confidence is boosted for that. Yay! I know I say it all the time, but that's cause it's true; You guys are awesome!
"Yeah, kind of figured that out," Tony breathed out. "Alright, so, how do we fix this?" Tony leaned in towards his computer, closing his eyes briefly from a wave of dizziness. "First, something to counteract this, because I can't keep feeling like this if I haven't ingested copious amounts of alcohol."
"That's right! Presents!" Tony chuckled and Mary sat up, still holding onto Peter. "I'll meet you in the kitchen, don't eat all the food before I get there." Mary nodded and the two of them disappeared from the room. Tony looked out one of the windows as Jarvis had raised the holographic blinds completely. He didn't remember waking up in the middle of the night, and he wondered if Jarvis had to use the bracelet. When he ran his hand around his wrist, it was empty. The bracelet was still sitting on the bedside table.
Jarvis had informed Steve that a lot of files on the Winter Soldier had been released in the Hydra internet dump, still no pictures, and that he could access them whenever he was ready. Steve would wait for Bucky to tell him about it, but it didn't mean that he wouldn't look for his best friend.
It had taken Tony nearly a week to work up the courage, and he just kind of threw the invitation out to Steve as a random comment down in the workshop. "You know, there are still a bunch of holiday movies that you've gotta catch up on, and Jarvis insists on keeping the holiday spirit alive by taking over the TV. If you've got some free time, you can stop by anytime."
"Another science experiment gone wrong, boys," Natasha said as the quinjet landed, Clint in the pilot's seat. Steve and Tony stepped on board. Steve was still insisting that Tony stay close to someone when he left the building, just in case the assassin was still watching him. They didn't believe that he had given on taking out Tony so easily, but that of course Tony would beef up his security. That apparently meant not flying the Iron Man suit ahead of the other Avengers.
“Why do you do this to me?” Tony dropped his head back on the couch.
“Oh, I remember,” Steve growled out lowly, smoothly. Tony raised an eyebrow at him.
Captain Rogers what happened to his other Pokemon,” Tony said as he braided Morgan’s ribbons. “I, of course, then kidnapped Vee for my own.”
"Is that really the best word that you can come up with? I mean, really, Steven."
Tony slide the vase onto the table, then threw his arms around Steve's neck, melting into his embrace. "I missed you, too." He drew a hand back and punched Steve's shoulder with a fist, but didn't move his head from resting on Steve's chest. Steve started to move them then, carefully without making either one have to part, and Steve went down on the couch with Tony wrapped in his arms.
Tony shook his head, the whispering in the back of his mind going away. He took a deep breath and turned, firing at a couple more of the chitauri. Steve had hit his head pretty hard, hard enough to bring him back, but the voice was still there. He could still feel, whatever it was, there, just at the back of his mind, too close, touching him. Was this what Loki was feeling? Was this what Barton had felt?
“Conor to chew the foot of his stuffed animal, and Rowan likes to play with fingers. Babies have things they like to do,” she said, shrugging a little. Meg reached into the pocket of her sweater jacket, tossing two mints over to the coffee table, drawing the boys back towards their homework. “If they can focus on that for longer than a month, then I’m happy. Means they’re learning to focus, and they’ll retain learning better. I’m hoping for a fast potty-training session myself.”
Bucky snapped his arm out, flesh hand catching Wade’s arm and pulled him back a little. He narrowed his eyes at the kid a little. “You’re one of those kids that’ll do it anyway, aren’t you? Cause it’s something you think is right.” Wade nodded and Bucky let out a sound that was half groan, half sigh. “I thought I lost that damn kid back in Brooklyn,” he muttered under his breath. “Alright, fine. But I’m only teaching you self-defense, and nothing that’ll get me in trouble from your mom, Peter’s mom, or Steve and Tony. I ain’t putting my neck on the line for this, I got bigger things that’ll get me in trouble.” He pulled Wade a little closer, metal finger pointing in his face. “They tell me to stop, I’m stopping, you got me? And I’m telling them that you wanted it.”
"Sonuvabitch."
I'm gonna pull at your heartstrings a little at the end of this chapter. Also, Steve became a little pain in my butt in the middle of this chapter, so I had to put him in time out. There's going to be a special guest that shows up, and the next chapter will probably be a long one, because I fully intend on following up Chapter 10 with lots of DaddyTony fluff. Enjoy my good people!
Steve grabbed the man's shoulders and threw him back, following him with his fists up. The man was up on his feet again before pulling the knife out and throwing it at Steve. He moved back, taking his eyes off of the man for a second, and when he turned back the man was gone. Steve instantly took off, rounding the corner, but didn't see anyone. There were enough buildings around that he could have ducked inside of one to make his escape, just like at the Tower.
Nothing about the article should have caught Steve's attention, but it did, and he clicked on it. Maybe it was because of the name Tony, and he didn't like to refer to Stark as Tony, as it would mix him up with Peter's father.
Steve was moving after them, then lost his footing and hit the ground on his side when Clint was suddenly falling against him. Bucky wrapped his arm around Meg's waist, lifting her up and backing away from Natasha, but the mother was still swinging her arms, and started to kick her legs out to get out of his grip. Steve put a hand to Clint's shoulder to keep him down on the ground while Steve got up himself. He felt so lost.
"Every Saturday Mama makes pancakes," Peter smiled, reaching for the syrup bottle with both hands. "But on reallllllly special days, she makes blueberry! I like blueberries."
Steve hummed, nodding a little. It still didn't explain why Tony had come out so quickly. "What do you know?" Tony looked at him. "You found something first, and connected a couple of dots."
"I know." He groaned and rolled his eyes as they stepped outside.
"I'm Tony Stark, I always beat the odds."
Bucky’s eyes slid over when Steve nodded towards another group of three, two men and a woman. “There’s Mr Jones, he’s one the office staff. He’s talking to Mr and Mrs Dornier, whose three kids all attend school here. Mr Dornier is looking for a new job, because he works a night shift, and his wife works school hours for a Doctor’s office. They want more time to spend with their kids, and with each other. Mr Jones might have a lead for them in the school system.”
"Peter," Tony breathed as he tried to get up. He stumbled and Steve reached out to steady him before he went back down to the ground. "Where's Peter!"
"You weren't actually thinking about doing that, were you?" Rachel asked, handing William a glass of punch.
"Sir, evacuation may be futile." They three of them stopped, and Mary and Fury both looked at Agent hill. "If we can't control the Tesseract's energy, there may not be a minimum safe distance."
“When I feel that it is time for you to know about what happens, then I will let you know,” Steve fire back, voice thread and low, thrumming with a barely concealed threat to back down. “When I get all the information is when I will release what we know. You’ve already proved that when you don’t get all of the information, you go running half-cocked, and endangering others.”
"He's doing surprisingly well," she told him. "Tony told me that after, the Incident in the summer, he talked with Peter several times. He has implicit trust in Iron Man and the rest of the Avengers, and if it keeps nightmares away from my baby, then I'm okay with that for now." Steve nodded a couple times. "Alright, what did Tony do?"
"Otay!" He could hear Peter grinning. "You leave now?"
"I shall take care of it, Sir."
Stark snarled, nostrils flaring. "No one will keep me from my son. No one will stop me from keeping him safe! Not even you!" Steve's eyes widened a little in surprise, at both his words and the intense anger that coated them. Stark lifted his arms, bring them back and slamming the end of the scepter against Steve's shield, jerking him a little. Steve put his free hand behind the shield and lifted up with all his strength, causing Stark to stumble back a couple of steps.
"He's going to leave the state." Steve turned his attention back to Bucky. "I don't think he'll be doing anything else to his ex-wife or son." Steve was about to ask what he meant when his saw Bucky's body tense, his head turning to the side a little. Turning around Steve saw Wade standing in the archway to the living room, and his stomach dropped when he knew that Wade had heard most of, if not all of, their conversation.
“Jarvis?” Steve asked after a while. “When Mary gets a chance, I need to talk to her.” Jarvis didn’t respond, sensing Steve’s mood it seemed, but he knew that the message would get to Mary. They needed to start to plan around this, concerning Peter, and Jamie. After the year they’d had, this would be devastating to the boy on his birthday. Steve leaned down, gently kissing Tony’s head as he ran his hand through Tony’s hair.
“Mr Steve has a secret sweet tooth,” Tony countered, ripping off a couple pieces of the elephant ear before eating one himself.
“Stop working,” Steve replied, snaking his other arm around Tony. “Some on, we’re taking a few days off, while Peter and Wade are in school so they don’t actually notice that we’re missing.” Tony leaned up so Steve didn’t have to lean so far over the couch. He tilted his head to catch Steve’s lips. “Mmmm,” Steve smiled. “More of that, but in Malibu, when we’re alone.”
"You don't have to stay out here with me, you know I'd rather you be inside anyway." She snorted a little and Steve shook his head. "You keep using his full name."
"They're working with a formula that didn't exactly work," Bruce deadpanned.
Steve took a couple steps closer to Bucky, not wanting to scare him as he saw him get lost in his thoughts. "I'm here, Bucky. No matter what, I got you. I'll help however you need it, whenever you need it, and even if you think you don't need it, or are too afraid to ask. I'm there."
“What happened Pepper?”
"Can you tell me what happened, Peter?" Steve asked gently. He knew he was upset, but he needed to know what happened to try and help Tony.
Steve shook his head, getting his bearings back and looked at Tony. The man was up, he was alert, and he didn't look hurt. "Put on the suit, we're gonna need Iron Man."
Tony smiled when he saw Rachel's apple cake sitting on the table. "You spoil us, Rachel, another apple cake."
"Because I'm right?" Tony ventured with a smile. He could practically feel Bruce's eyes rolling from his seat. Peter had exchanged the notebook and the empty plate on Tony's legs, the plate now balancing on Tony's thighs. He was too comfy to move from being blanketed by Tony's legs, and Tony wasn't about to give up his position with his son.
"You gonna admire the wrapping paper all day, or open it?" Steve heard Tony say, closing the wooden door behind him. The blonde blinked a little, then pulled the paper off, Peter reaching up to take it to throw away, and Steve found himself looking at dark stained, thin wooden box. He opened it and saw a black pen inside, sleek and modern looking.
"Tony?" Steve's soft voice pulled his head to the side. He was standing by the crib, Jamie in his arms as she drank from a bottle, Steve helping to keep it up. "You alright, babe?" He walked over, sitting on the edge of the bed.
"No one catch your eye? No one's asked you out for today? Because I know a few dozen people who'd want to take you out on Valentine's Day." Tony wouldn't mention that he might have been one of them. You know, if he wasn't taking care of his son when Tony was still capable. Not. Jealous.
Peter wiggled a little in Tony's lap, burrowing a bit between Tony's arm and his side as his hand sought out the arc reactor. Tony was able to stop a shiver anytime that Peter touched it. Peter was the only one who could get away with touching it whenever they wanted. Tony waited patiently, noting that it usually didn't take his son this long to come out with what was on his mind.
"I'll get his present, Tony," Rhodey told him, cutting him off. Tony seemed to sage a little in relief, not knowing that he was tensing a little. Then after a second he asked what Tony was waiting for. "What's his name?"
"Why would he want to hurt you, Daddy?" Peter asked him, crawling into his lap.
The song that Tony was singing. Just, uh, imagine it slower, and like it was done acoustically. Romantic like.... :D
“Helping in the way that only the best of moms can do?” Peter asked seriously, looking up at Tony.
"You have something that can do that?" Mary asked. Her eyes widened a little in recognition when he tapped his chest, nails tapping the glass covering of the arc reactor. "But, doesn't that run off of heavy elements? Damaging ones, for the earth?"
“He kicked me out of the kitchen after I spilled a bowl of pancake batter,” Tony grudgingly repeated. Steve raised his eyebrows at Tony. “Just because it’s tradition, doesn’t mean that I can actually make pancakes, well.”
"So, it's okay to wake me up, but not Peter?"
Julie nodded, leaning against the table they were sitting at. "I can still send a bodyguard with you when you go out, with and without Wade," Tony told her. "There's a nice man named Todd who'd be willing to help you out, and I trust him. They can go with you to make sure you get to your treatments, and keep an eye on Wade. Todd already does half of that anyway."
"Thank you," Wade said quietly before pulled back. "Also, you're still evil."
“Why did you let them take this challenge?” She asked, slipping down to sit next to Tony now. They were having team training after the game, and she was eager to see how Steve handled the newcomers.
“She’s really good with spoons,” Steve corrected. “Knives are still a mystery, specially when she just rip things up with her fingers. We’re still working on the stabbing motion of forks, and I’m not looking forward to when she tries to eat spaghetti. I’m predicting sauce everywhere.”
"Please, Mama?" Peter parroted. Mary looked between the two of them.
The damage had done more internally and there was blood on Vanko's lips. He laughed and Tony suddenly heard a beeping. "You still lose, Stark." Tony frowned.
“Now would be the time to sneak away,” Phil told them, Jamie’s attention still on her brother. “We’ll see you in the morning.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hand, smiling, and dragged him to the elevator, waving to the kids, Mary, and Phil.
"Daddy! No!" Peter tried pushing Tony's face away. "You can't eat me!"
Be on the look out for Proof of Concept, coming soon!
"No, no, you want me to talk about feelings, and emotions, and stuff like that." Tony hadn't moved away from the bar.
“Jarvis also records everything.” He smiled at her. “Some people call me a hypocrite, to appear to have my hands in everything. I don’t usually check into anything unless I believe there’s a security threat, or Jarvis brings it to my attention.”
“This is bordering on blasphemy, babe,” Tony told him. “I’m gonna start to worry if you suddenly want me to cook something, and take me on a little road trip.”
"I know! It was funny as shit!" Tony smiled a little. He had laughed when he made the custom playlist, and made sure that the only thing Steve could do was mess with the volume, and press pause and play.
"I think you did very well, Tony," Pepper said. "Usually you create at least two more scandals at impromptu press conferences." One of the Community Center workers came up to Pepper, whispering something in her ear, causing her a little frown. "Some of the major news stations want to bring their cameras in here," Pepper said looking at Tony. "There's a risk of exploiting those in here."
He sat down, then slid his legs up on the couch, his back against the arm of the couch. Peter made a little noise, rearranging himself in Tony's arms as he moved, but stayed asleep. Tony pulled the blanket over Peter, kissing the top of his head. "I wish I had something to help you sleep," Tony said quietly. "Something to chase away nightmares. I'm sure your Mama has something, probably some kind of lullaby, a song. I don't, I'm sorry. My Momma didn't sing to me when I was a kid. Our butler, Jarvis, he would read stories to me sometimes, when he was able." Tony very gently carded his fingers through Peter's hair, making sure the little boy was still asleep. "I know I really don't have the right to ask, but just have a little patience with me. I'm not gonna be as good as Mama, but I'm still Daddy, and I still love you. We'll get through this, until Mama wakes up." Tony wrapped his arms around Peter and listened to his breathing, the comforting, small hand over the arc reactor.
“Stay, baby girl.” He held up the material for the mobi wrap for her to see. “I gotta get your carriage ready.” She clapped her hands together with a smile and kicked her little feet. Tony snorted softly, wrapping the fabric around his chest. “You’re going to be horrible to us in your teenage years aren’t you? That’s the only explanation I can think of for why you’re so well behaved now. Or are the terrible two’s going to be truly terrible?” She babbled softly, as if trying to respond to him, waving an arm when Tony had to adjust one of the straps.
“Remodeling, remember?” Tony reminded him, poking his arm with his free hand. “And, I’ll remind you of who has all the pockets and pouches today, so I have-“ He stopped when Steve slipped two fingers past the ties of the doublet and showed Tony part of his phone. “They put a hidden-“
Little 6 year old Tony pulled a chair over to the tall case, his own skeleton key in his pocket, and he picked the lock. The top was a little heavy for him to open, but he was able to push it up, then prop it open. Inside he saw lots of papers and books. A lot of them looked like the comics that he already had up in his room. There were some brown leather books, and file folders that looked official; like those that his Dad used when he was dealing with the military. He pushed those aside, not interested in that. Was this box really this boring?
"How about the 24th, at 7pm?" Coulson suggested. "At Stark Industries?"
“What the hell is he talking about?” Barton demanded. Tony closed his eyes tightly. “Why the hell is that monster here? Why is he with someone who’s supposed to be one of the good guys, at least in our files? And what does it sound like you’ve known where he was all this time?!”
"And how does Agent feel about this?" Tony asked, with a bit of snark. It hadn't gone unnoticed by Tony that Mary may or may not be dating her boss. At least, that's what he gathered when Peter kept talking about Agent Coulson showing up more often at their apartment. Tony didn't do jealousy, and of course Mary was allowed to date whoever she wanted, but Tony didn't like not knowing.
Tony hopped up from his chair, dashing towards his workshop. "Jarvis, flight time to Baltimore?"
"I find myself spending less and less time down in my workshop," Tony said as Mary pushed him out of said workshop. "I'm trying to make a statement."
“What Prince do you think Mr Steve would be?” Peter asked, holding Tony’s hand as they walked past the pools. The light was fading in the sky and the lights inside the pools started to flicker on.
"What has her worked up this time?" Tony asked quickly, rounding the corner from the hallway and seeing Rachel reach for the front door. "Rachel! Hey!" She ignored him, a determined look of anger on her face, and yanked the front door open. Tony sprinted forward, trying to catch her before she got too far out, and the press started to get too interested.
"Keep me updated-" Tony was cut off, frowning when he heard a subdued 'boom' from outside. "I'm not see anything in the reports about this, but did you guys hear something about the experiments being able to explode?" Tony was already on the move back up to the penthouse.
"How was the 'fun-vee'?" Tony let out a strangled laugh and Rhodey pulled Tony into him, concealing silent sobs, but Rhodey could feel the tremble in his body.
"Steve has good taste in friends," she agreed, nodding, as the doors opened for them. Mary pulled him along this time. "Peter wants to show off how he's able to hold a baby."
"I think we can wrangle up the Avengers, maybe in costume," Steve said with a smile. Tony looked at him, then back to Mary, tilting his head a little.
"He's still tired from the carnival last night," Mary said as she put his stuff on the couch. "But, he knows he has to stay awake until after lunch, right, baby boy?" Peter nodded, giving her a tired smile. Mary leaned in, kissing Peter's cheeks. "Mama has to go to work now."
"Yeah, but this way was more fun."
"The Julia Roberts to your Rupert Everett? It is an absolute pleasure to meet you! Vocally, at least." Steve rolled his eyes with a slight smile. Mary walked over to sit in the chair next to the loveseat. "We're planning the musical reckoning of Rogers and Stark," Meg said with dramatics in her voice.
"Oh, oh no," Tony shook his head. "Mary, you need to take this man away. This burden is too big for the amount of cheese he just sliced."
Steve held onto his hands, wanting to reach out to pull Tony to him, wanting to run his hands through his hair to try and comfort him. Sure, he noticed there were times that Tony would shrug off the touches when he was working in the workshop, but he figured it was just something to do with the way that Tony worked. Afterwards, Tony would always make up for it, wrapping arms around him as they cooked in the kitchen, little kisses dropped on the couch with the kids. He never really thought about it. But now, it all added up, staring him in the face. Tony had just been able to hide the little attacks whenever they happened, he obviously had a system if this room was anything to go by.
Tony pulled Steve down towards Bruce's lab after breakfast. Steve had been shooting him concerned glances all morning, and he'd known that something had been bothering Tony before he had even come back. He figured he'd better fess up about what he and Bruce had found out. The first part would be easy.
"You're not answering his texts," she deadpanned. "You're holding a grudge. Stop that, you two deserve each other. Your stubborn matches his stubborn."
Mary nodded and she started the car. He frowned a little. "It certainly is. All the work that you did back in World War II, it went very far, it helped the Allies win the war." She noted that he was looking around the inside of the car when she put it into drive. "Is something wrong?"
“I, uh, I’m not very creative with names,” Tony mumbled a little. “Jolteon will be Citrine, Flareon will be Ruby, and Vaporeon will be Aquamarine….”
"Then it will be my duty to stop you," Steve replied, hands on his hips in a faux superhero pose. Tony took his fingers off the handles of the nozzles, the rest of the kids already done. They were watching the standoff now, big eyes as they watched Captain America and Peter's Dad start to circle each other.
Mary gave him a little smile, one that Tony knew meant she was containing the grin she wanted to give him, but knew that Tony Stark did not do emotions. "I think that Peter will be overjoyed to know that he's not going to be so far away from his Daddy. And, my parents should be bringing him back home anytime."
Tony pulled himself out of the chest of the Mark IV suit, took the welding goggles off and wiped his brow. "Run the tests, J," Tony said as he dropped the welder in its case, and stood up and stretched his arms. A couples of pops from his shoulders and back told him that he should probably actually be in bed. He rolled his neck a few times as he heard the machinery take up the suit to reconnect it with the rest.
"I'm enjoying it, though." Tony grinned. Steve moved his leg to wrap his ankle around Tony's. He eventually ended up continuing to feed Tony every so often, to keep the genius from stealing the food from his plate. Tony repaid the favor though by sharing his dessert with Steve. All the while, Jarvis playing Christmas songs softly.
"Let's go inside, and we'll learn all about Captain America, and the mighty Howling Commandos." Tony grinned as Peter squealed with excitement.
"I'm afraid so, Sir." Tony didn't like it when Jarvis spoke like he was sorry. "The palladium levels in your blood appear to be increasing, with the increased use of the arc reactor and the Iron Man suit." Tony rubbed his face with one hand as he listened to Jarvis. "Unfortunately, the device that is keeping you alive, is also killing you."
Pepper waited until they were out of eyesight, then look over at Tony with a raised eyebrow. “Is there something I should know?”
Tony nodded. "Because I can trust them." Steve caught the small wiggle in Tony's spine, the slight show of discomfort. "Peter is still a child, and kids are full of innocence, for the most part. And Pepper has just been with me for so long."
"Silence," Tony called when Peter covered his eyes from the noise.
"Now that just seems like a mouthful," Steve shook his head a little and Tony may have actually growled.
"Still a no, there, Rudolph," Tony said, pointing at Loki. Loki raised an eyebrow at him. "And you know you did more last night."
"You don't Touch my son," Tony hissed at him. "You're lucky I don't kill you now-" Tony was cut off by Loki's loud snort.
Tony took a breath, flexing his hands on the steering wheel of the car. “I don’t know if I can do this.”
“Tony!”
Pepper had a moment of déjà vu when she was led to Tony’s bedroom, the other Gems on around him on the floor with Morgan in his lap. Ruby hurried over to lay down next to her sister, putting her head on his knee. Pepper walked over to the bed, sitting behind Tony, and started to run her hands through his hair. “What happened, Tony?”
"I'll consider it," she told them. "It'll just depend on how things go tomorrow." She nodded to the men, and went back to find her colleagues.
"Did you tell Dad that it's because you're going to grow like a freaking weed?" Tony said looking at Jamie, smiling as she smiled at him. "Yeah, you're gonna grow super fast, and I should probably just hire a tailor for you."
Steve looked at Natasha as she walked out and he followed her down the hall a bit. "That doesn't count as a talk, just so you know," Steve said to her.
“Uh, well, I was wondering if I could ask you something?” Peter asked him, looking  up and down between Tony and the floor.
“I hope not, but I’m not going to count out anything.” His eyes flickered over towards Meg, then back at the tablet. “I have no reason not to think that Hydra is behind this, and that maybe, Aunt Hilda is a little closer than we would like.”
"And I'm in Michigan in the winter, I think I'm winning right now because I can't leave my driveway. Plus, it's not like Stark doesn't have heat in that place." Steve bobbed his head a bit, enjoying the warmer temperature that he kept his rooms at. "Stay dress casual, throw on black vest with matching slacks, but don't put on the jacket. And roll the sleeves up a bit, show off your arms, they're gorgeous."
Tony slowly looked up and he watched as Steve very slowly, can carefully, slid off of the bed, onto the floor next to him. The bed. He was back in the bedroom. “Tony, you had a nightmare,” Steve kept speaking to him, his tone soft and soothing, calm and quiet. “I don’t like the way you’re breathing, can I take your hand? I want to put it on my chest, so you can try and match your breathing to mine.” That was his Steve, trying to help him, no one else trying to be him. He managed to give one nod and a larger hand, (but familiar), took his and gently placed it on Steve’s chest. After a few seconds, Tony tilted forward and put his forehead on Steve’s chest as well. Steve sussed softly in his ear, other hand rubbing his back in circles. “You’re okay, I’ve got you.”
"No shit."
"You're lucky you snuck that compliment in there, Stark," Natasha said to him.
“Jamie! Awesome!” They all turned when they heard Wade. Tony glanced down and noticed that Jamie was no longer in front of him. Peter was holding his arms out, Wade slowly moving towards him, and between them, Jamie was babbling softly, walking towards Peter. She let out a squeal when Peter caught her.
"Going after him won't make Mama wake up," Tony told him carefully. Yes, he wanted revenge, badly, but he didn't want Peter to be learning this thought concept just yet.
"Seems all the decisions have been made," he muttered, before pushing out his chair. "If you'll excuse me-"
"That's up to him," Tony replied, looking back at Peter. "Remember, little man, adults have other things that might keep them from moving here. We have to ask first." Tony paused a little, Peter nodding his head. "But, you can tell him that there is a place for him if he wants to move here."
"-but I know that you take care of my family." Rachel's voice got a little a softer as she went on. "Peter adores you, and he's talked about you the whole time we've been down here. He's very excited to come back home, to tell you about everything that he's seen and done." Tony licked his lips, briefly biting the corner of his lips. He missed the soft guitar starting to play behind the call. "I also, I wanted to thank you for letting us take the boys, especially Peter, to Disney World. I know you weren't thrilled, and that you probably don't get to see a lot of moments, some of the firsts, because of your life, and, I really appreciate it, Tony. I wouldn't have any other man be the father to my grandson."
He pulled up the picture of a blue cube, then put his finger out, gripping it and the hologram jumped into his hand. Tony turned it, frowning. Tesseract. This is what Howard had found while he was searching for Captain America, he had seen it mentioned in Howard's notebooks.
"I like to think that it is," Fury spoke up first. "I was getting tired of hearing his voice."
“That’s a little weird.” He put out one finger, pressing backwards on Wade’s head before he could grab the mint from Bucky’s hand.
"Has she told you anything about her ex?" Steve asked, and Tony furrowed his brows, shaking his head.
“It’s cause he knows I’ll win,” Rhodey whispered into the phone before hanging up.
“Why on such a tight schedule?” Steve asked he headed over to sit next to Peter on the couch.
"I have the perfect place to put him," Tony growled under his breath. "Let's just get out of here." He tried to dodge Steve's hand when he tried to look at his mouth. He grabbed the briefcase that that Hill had dropped to the floor when she pulled her weapon and walked out of the room. Thor walked behind Loki, guiding him out of the room, Steve following. Today was already turning out to be an interesting day, and it wasn't even lunch time.
"Yeah, but I shouldn't have let it get that bad, I should have been there, watching for the signs, talking to you anyway." He let out a little sigh. "Okay, but, I'm here now. Not going anywhere, not even down to the workshop. Can I start off, though? Jamie adores you, and I know that's not saying much for someone so young, but it kind of is. She seeks you out, I've noticed this."
Tony's eyes shot open as he was flung through the air.
"That's her work station," Steve explained. "She works from home. Remember that glass lampshade I put up before New Year's?" Tony nodded.
"Sir, the drones are rigged to explode," Jarvis told him urgently in a broken voice. "Colonel Rhodes has regained control."
“I’m going to give you three second to head back for the door,” Tony hissed out as soon as Ruby was gone. “You can walk out that door, and we’ll forget this conversation happened.” Steve looked ready to say something else, but Tony let out a soft growl. “I’m not taking the hit of your anger, that’s on SHIELD for not telling you sooner, and it’s not my fault. Now get out.” Tony didn’t wait for him to leave before he turned and stormed out of the room himself.
Tony hummed, annoyed, mostly with himself. "Yes, I'm starting to sense a theme in life," he muttered under his breath. "Thanks, William. If he wakes up before I get back, tell him I'll be here soon, just making sure that Meg gets settled. Can't be sending her back off to the hospital."
But, Steve Rogers had been frozen in the ice long before Tony had been born. He had no clue what Howard would turn in to, how obsessed, and reckless, he would get. And so far, this man had done nothing more than try to support him once he found out. This wasn't the Captain America, the Steve Rogers that Howard had told him about. This was a far better man, one that Tony was starting to believe really cared about him.
"You mean, ask me if I would be a joint godfather with you?" Steve smiled and nodded, and Tony couldn't help but chuckle at his excitement. "You're like a little puppy, you know that? You're going to spoil them as Uncle Steve."
"That's oddly specific, and not that far away." Mary watched him pull out his tablet, a calendar popping up.
The quinjet rocked a little with the sudden appearance of the lightning storm. A lightning storm that seemed a little too unnatural. Steve looked over at Loki and saw that he actually looked unnerved. "What's the matter? Scared of a little lightning?" He shouldn't be mocking the prisoners.... This wasn't a normal prisoner.
"While you were gone, I was able to set up a particle accelerator down by one of the engines," Bruce told him right away. He had heard whisperings about Mary, and knew that he needed to get Tony that new element immediately.
"You forced our hand," Fury turned on Thor. "We had to come up with some-"
“You think maybe later Mr Steve can come down?” Wade asked softly, looking back down towards the floor. “I gotta thank him about yesterday….”
The bullets pinged against the suit annoyingly, the sounds ringing through his ears. "My turn," he said icily, putting up his arms, shooting out flames. Chaos erupted, people running, ammunition and missiles exploding. Tony was going to take out every Stark weapon in this camp. It was when the turret started firing that he felt some resistance in the suit. He had to put up his arm to try and block the bullets, the suit starting to lose some power from his arc reactor.
"But, Agent is his first name," Tony said with complete innocence. He secretly loved doing this with Mary, he had to give her a hard time about Coulson, but they all knew it was in jest. "But, seriously, Agent, good luck meeting the parents tonight. Her Mom is a firecracker."
"You told me to low," Tony pointed at him. It counted as laying low by not taking Peter outside, right? "That's what I've been doing. I lay low and you take care of all-"
Bruce studied Tony for a few moments, and he shuffled his foot a little. "I can see it, that's what's changed since last we spoke. You've taken on the responsibility of fatherhood."
"No!" Steve said, eyes widening. "She would encourage the boys to do questionable stuff! And then
Tony's phone buzzed from the table, and he reached over to grab after letting out a breath. He looked at it and saw that it was the satellite phone he had given to Wade's mom. He caught Steve's attention, pointed to the phone, then the door. The blonde nodded, and went back to his pool noodle battle against Peter and Wade. Tony stepped just outside the door and answered the phone.
"Have to do with the baby with in his arms?" She asked, nodding her head back towards Steve who was only standing a few feet away.
"I'm already dying, no need to add a heart-attack to it!" Tony leaned back next to Steve. "Peter's upstairs."
"I've already set up some files for you to read." Mary was standing in the hallway, following a bit behind as he explored, ready to answer any questions. "Read them at your leisure. Some of them might be a bit hard, I'm not sure, but it's information on those that you knew during the war, and from Project Rebirth." Steve nodded, eyes locked on the files. He knew that information about Peggy, and Howard, and the Howling Commandos would be there.
"Don't exhaust your vocabulary," Tony said, eyebrow raised. Steve blinked and realized that he must have been lost in thought, making Tony wait.
"That sounds like a great idea," Mary said, nodding. "There's the pool there, and the gardens. It's still nice enough to set up some games outside, and a buffet."
“Anyone else?” Tony questioned, but Steve just shook his head. A couple minutes later a new cup of coffee appeared in front of Tony’s face. He made a weird moaning sound and took the mug, dropping his phone on the couch, and cuddling the mug to his chest. Cooing. “Hello, my one true love.”
“You’re the only one not accepting the inevitable,” Steve said with a smirk. “Hey, Mary.”
“I seem to remember a time when I never used your first name.” Tony started to tap his fingers on Steve’s chest. “A time that ended nary a year ago.”
Tony held up the other evolutions stones he had. “What if we put these stones so that they lay against the eggs? It’s never been done, because it was thought to be silly, but what if we could influence the evolution straight from the egg?” He moved the Fire Stone so that it was nestled against the egg. Then he picked up a Water Stone and looked at Vee. “Want to help me? We need to pick them out. I think that maybe this one should be Vaporeon.” He pointed towards an egg, and Vee chirruped happily. Tony laughed and put the stone against the egg. They repeated the process with a Thunder Stone.
“Hercules fought a Hydra,” Peter said. “And he was a little guy that became big.”
"Well, could be one of their tries," Bruce amended. "But, I believe so."
"I know," Steve said with a grin.
The door was suddenly swinging open, Bucky standing there, looking around with big eyes. They settled on the three people around a distressed Tony, and then on a crying Jamie, and his eyes narrowed, icing over a little. He growled and started to stalk over, and Pietro was moving faster than Steve’s eye could track. Bruce hurried in after Bucky, a little out of breath from trying to hurry, then ran over to take Jamie from Steve, getting her away from anything that might happen between the occupants in the room. Jamie let out a long whine in her cries, reaching back for Steve.
“Peter requested it, because it is a special day.” Mary said with a smile.
The closer he got to the Tower, the more anxious Steve got. Mary was awake. It was enough to have him speeding through the streets on New York, and skidding into the private garage of the Tower, leaving tire marks on the cement. Steve jumped off of his back and jogged over to the elevator, pressing his hand to the scanner, and nearly falling in when the doors finally opened.
"You said-" Tony started, pointing.
"But they found something."
"Nothing horrible is going to happen," Tony assured her, not looking up from his phone. "Everything's been cleared with Wade's Mom, all lights are green. It'll be amazing." Mary raised an eyebrow at him. "I can feel your judging, it's very judgey. Distracting even."
“Captain,” Thor greeted, and Steve moved his head slightly so he could look at the Asgardian. He nodded to him, but he wasn’t about to let go of Tony. “It is good to see you again, but I think that we should move so that Anthony lies down.”
"Everyone just had cupcakes at the party," Mary said, sitting down across from Tony and Peter. "I thought that you and Peter could share your own cake. Making memories and all that."
Steve leaned his head down slightly, Tony tilting his up. “I’d like that, too,” Steve barely whispered out. He moved his head, their lips brushing. Tony leaned in more, hand landing on Steve’s arm, pulling in a breath through his nose in surprise when Steve responded in kind. They both blushed, pulling away, when the cacophony of sound burst from the living room. Vee and her Gems, arc, and Brave, all letting out delighted shouts and calls before moving closer to the kitchen. The Gems started to dance around their feet, and Steve laughed as he pulled Tony closer so they didn’t trip over them.
"Overnight?"
“You’ve had more experience practicing with one,” Steve pointed out.
Mary would have to push the button. Tony hung from the edge of the framework, Obidiah trying to still hit him with his missiles. "Time to push the button!"
"Not saying that she would lie to us, or try and hide anything...."
"It's safe to assume that Strucker knew everything that Howard had tried, right?" Coulson asked, leaning away from the screen now. "He'd know that Howard had given Tony some form of the Serum." Both the scientists nodded. "So, why not activate Tony's own Serum?"
"He was used to songs from the Forties, Tony."
"No, you definitely lost," Mary said as she walked over to them, draping a towel around Tony's shoulders, and tossing one over to Steve. Mary motioned to the crowd of overly-enthused kids, and smiling parents, and Tony thinks he'll take the loss this one time.
“Betrayed!” Wade wailed, his voice carrying through the stairwell, Steve trying to hide his wince. “You’ll take the little one, but you won’t take one of
Tony fell to his knees, holding up a peace sign, an annoying stinging behind his eyes. He saw Rhodey hop out of the helicopter, running towards him. Rhodey, his best friend, he was leading the charge.
"Daddy?" Tony closed his eyes briefly, a little smile on his face. "Are you done fighting bad guys?"
"Where did you disappear to this morning?" Rachel asked from her seat.
“And ruin the surprise?” Steve teased lightly.
Tony walked into the guest room and started to strip the blankets and sheets off the bed. "Yeah, I'm working on that plan. I've got a few things on my mind."
"Yup, that's me," Tony said, nodding, letting Steve put his hand on top of Tony's still on his chest. "Careful about moving, you're probably going to be sore. Your whole body was pulled tighter than one of Clint's bow strings." Steve started to fidget a little, and Tony's put his other hand on Steve's back when he insisted on sitting up in bed. "Yeah, you're okay now, though," Tony assured him.
Tony took an invisible breath. He knew the question would be coming, told himself not to think about the actual event while up there. "I can tell you that the attackers were repelled and defeated. I was just one small piece to the team that took on the threat. There are many fine men and women of the police force, and the firefighters, and hospitals, that put their lives on the line to help. We would not have been able to accomplish what we did without them, and I thank them, and honor their fallen numbers."
He stopped just in front of the couch, then slowly started to rise up, much like a bad horror movie haunt. Wade froze though when he came up high enough and saw two blue eyes looking right at him, his own eyes widening.
For the first time in a long time, Steve could breath in the summer air without worrying about not being able to breathe. Steve would be able to watch the fireworks without fear of being caught somewhere that he wasn't supposed to be, (because Bucky just looked for the best spot, not for permission.) Mary had told him that if he looked out towards the water, towards the Bridge to Manhattan, and he would see the best fireworks. She had told him that Central Park, or Times Square would have the best fireworks, but Steve didn't want to break a tradition, something he could hold onto here in this new time, and she smiled and gave him a lawn chair from the storage shed in the back.
"I don't date him for his money," Steve murmured, turning his face into Tony's hair.
"Nope, putting my foot down-" Meg interrupted.
What had he been thinking? How was it that Mary was able to break him apart like that? He hadn't wanted her to know any of that, he hadn't wanted to say any of that to anyone. The warm sting of tears were prickling at the corners of his eyes, his traitorous emotions only getting worse instead of going away. He was Tony Stark! Stark men were made of
Tony wrinkled his nose a little. He had closed his eyes to give them a little relief as the sun acme up, shining through the window, and now there was something on his nose. No, wait. Something was, petting his nose? Tony opened his eyes and saw Peter's eyes were open, looking at him, his little hand petting him. When Tony's eyes opened he grinned, letting out a little squeal.
"Hopped up on some painkillers," Tony told him. "I had Bruce give me a shot before I left. It works wonders when Peter wanted to be carried." He leaned back in his chair now, trying to relax a little. "Where has Clint been anyway? We hadn't heard from him after everything went down in DC."
"Wilson wasn't even attempting to hide," Bucky told him, and Steve raised an eyebrow. "He still has a condo in New York, although it looked like he was getting ready to leave when I got there."
Wade burrowed his head down, looking at the ground, but didn’t leave her protective arms. “Miss Sarah came to the school, but I didn’t know it was her until I got to the office. She was already taking me out before I could say anything to anyone in the office, and she said that if I didn’t get in the car, then someone would be there to hurt Peter.” Steve saw Tony’s hand clench a little. “So I got in the car, cause I didn’t want anyone to get hurt. I thought, as soon as I got out though, I’d be able to kick her, in a way that Uncle Bucky showed us. Then I’d make a run for it, get to the nearest adult, the nearest house, and then call someone.”
"Tony?" Tony sat up when he heard Pepper's voice, and ran a hand through his hair.
"I'll make sure you get a big piece," Steve told him a small smile.
"Hope you aren't spoiling him, too much," Rachel said as the car started to move. "He's a sweet and well-behaved boy." Mary's mother never made it a secret that she didn't exactly approve of Tony, specially since she was used to seeing the playboy that Tony used to be before Iron Man.
“That was fast,” Tony muttered as they approached the car. He unlocked it, watching Steve move past the paps to his own door, and they got inside.
Bruce looked through the crate and pulled out a couple of old film reels. "At least we'll have entertainment while we do it."
Peter and Wade looked at each other, having a silent conversation, before they both nodded and spoke as one. "Uncle Rhodey." Tony started to cackle and leaned back in his chair, tipping it back a little. Jamie looked pleased as she watched Tony's face.
“You’re lucky I like you.”
Tony waited, watching the way he walked off, and when Steve didn't come back in, Tony headed in another direction. The lights behind him started to dim down as Tony approached the bar. He leaned down, grabbed a crystal decanter and set it on the counter. Empty glasses were sitting off to the side, upside down from being washed, ready to be used, and he knew that there was ice in the mini-fridge that his knees were touching.
"No shit," he said as he stood up. "You and Stark finally quit your awkward song and dance and hooked up?"
Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair as he slept. Although he would never admit it, Tony thought that the Tower felt a little empty now that half of the house guests were gone. He had kind of gotten used to regular meal times, with the dining room full of people, running into people randomly throughout the day, talking with Steve.
Wade’s jaw dropped a little. “That long?? How have we not known about this?”
“Thank you, Mr Steve,” Wade said, voice muffled into his shirt. “Thank you for finding me.”
“You’re tact at changing a conversation when you get uncomfortable never ceases to amuse me.” Pepper shook her head a little. “Why are you asking about glasses?”
"Now, I don't feel bad for taking up so much space in your house."
“If that were true don’t you think he would have said something before going off to that plane?” Peggy shot back. “There was no way that he would have let any of his companions be stuck like that, even if he wasn’t going to take them with him.” Tony glanced down at Vee. “I don’t think he took Brave and Arc by choice either. He knew the risks and he never would have put them in danger like that.”
Steve stepped onto the main floor, and saw Julie on the floor with the twins. Jamie made a little cooing noise of curiosity that melted Steve's heart every time, when she saw the two other babies. "There's another one!" Julie said when she looked up. "She's so adorable." Steve smiled and headed over towards them, settling himself down on the ground next to Wade's mother. "It's a pleasure to see you again Captain Rogers."
Tony mussed Peter's hair, whispering encouragement in his ear. "Can I get a glass of lemonade?"
"I'm sure even you heard about when I went missing in Afghanistan?" Tony didn't want to give a history lesson, but he had to know how much Bruce knew. It wasn't common knowledge that Stony had the arc reactor. He was very good at hiding it from anyone that might have taken pictures, muting the glow with specially designed patches under clothing.
“Oh good, at least you’re setting a good example- Where did your other sock go??” Steve blinked, unsure of how she was able to get the other sock off without him noticing. “This has to be a super power.”
"Crazier stuff happens in the books," Wade said and Tony had to nod.
"It would seem that your Captain is having an interesting reaction to the cold." Tony jumped at the sudden voice that came from the back corner of the room. His hand shot out as if his gauntlet were on his hand, and froze when he saw Loki's green eyes staring at him. Green eyes that used to be blue a week ago.
"Where's Monaco?" Peter asked, looking over at Mary.
Both have the same songs on them, so it really doesn't matter which one you choose. I made both for those that don't have Spotify, or can't access it, or those that even prefer one or the other.
George raised an interested eyebrow at Tony. "Lowering your standards, Stark?" Tony growled slapped a hand on George's back, fingers splayed to look friendly, but fingers digging in a little.
“Yeah, he has that, but so do I.” Steve pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s lips. “I’m not with him for his money, and I have no interest in taking over his business.” He kissed him again, lips lingering for a second longer. “He’s pretty good looking, too, but he’s got this personality that I’m drawn too. Oh, and he’s got this kid, he’s pretty damn adorable.” Tony let out a huff of air through his nose. “You know, actually, now that I think about it, I think it’s the kid. Yeah,” Steve nodded, looking off into the distance. “Sorry, I’m only with you because I like Peter better.”
"He was actually pretty okay with sending the Cube back, and we were all okay with sending the other prick back as well." Tony stopped himself from huffing through his nose. "There was an alien invasion, and we stopped that, saved the world, so yay. Oh, and Fury made us think that Agent was dead, but then we found out that he wasn't, and we brought him back, and now he's doing paperwork in one of my office suites of the Tower. Oh yeah! We're all in the Tower now, and it's July."
"You watch Supernatural?"
“You’ve got GPS installed with Jarvis,” Steve said. “I think I’ll manage to get us back home.” Tony smiled and shrugged, sliding in on the passenger side.
Steve showed Tony the text from his phone at a stop light, the boys in the back of the car talking excitedly about possibly living together. Tony knew that Peter would immediately ask Wade's mom to move in with them at the hospital. They had woken Phil up, and he was responding well. By the time they'd get back he would be fully awake, and ready for visitors. Tony smiled and nodded. "'Bout time."
Peter being excited to see his grandparents was probably an understatement. When Mary and Coulson came over with Peter, the little boys eyes had widened, and he was over to where the couple were in a second, jumping up into his Granpa's arms. This would be the first time that Mary's parents were meeting Coulson as well, and Tony was staring at him, a little wide eyed himself.
"Yes, Sir. Shall I direct them towards the kitchen?" His AI asked, and Tony shook his head. He put a hand out as a wave of dizziness floated through his head. "Sir?"
"It's been almost six months." Bruce's eyes widened a little at Tony's words. "I know," he groaned a little, and felt Steve's hand squeeze his a little. "I never remember dates, and here I am, counting months." He wrinkled his nose a little, and Steve chuckled lightly. "Only other ones who know are Peter, and no doubt Wade, Mary and Agent, and her parents. I'm sure Steve told Meg as well, but none of the other Avengers. Wanted to make sure that we weren't going to bite each other's heads off." Bruce raised an eyebrow. He was the master of non-verbal communication with Tony. "Okay, well we still do, obviously, but it's not serious, or anything. Kiss and make up, and move on. It's all very frighteningly domestic, Bruce. We watch Supernatural on date nights!"
"You have fries on your plate," Steve pointed out.
“No,” Tony forced his feet to move until he was eventually running in the direction he thought he heard Steve yelling from. Not the kids, he had to get to the kids. Tony tripped on the uneven ground, tucking himself up so he could roll, and was trying to push himself up again. Until a large hand was grasping his upper arm, pulling him up to his feet. “Ste-“ Tony turned, the other man’s name on his lips, but he froze when he saw who the hand belonged too.
"Do you have a way to shut it off yet?" Cap asked.
Tony found himself being pushed towards the door of the workshop, William behind him. "We'll work on a plan for you later," the older man was telling him. "But right now, your Doctor friend is making breakfast, and Peter is up there waiting for his Daddy."
"Whisper?" She raised an eyebrow at him. "I can't imagine you whispering."
"Yes!!" Peter jumped up and down, making Tony's eyes widen a little, not ready for that reaction. "They live so far awaaaaay."
"Hey, Cap," Tony called out quietly, even though Peter wasn't falling asleep again anytime soon. "Why don't you find another blanket, settle in for a movie or two."
"What did happen, ma'am?" He asked her, blue eyes looking for an answer she probably wasn't going to be able to give.
“Well, of course.” Steve blinked at Peggy’s answer, how she was so casual about it. “Steven, you don’t think that he stole her from you, do you?” By the way Steve had wrinkled his nose a little, she had her answer. Vee trilled a little sadly, sitting down between Peggy and Steve, pressing her head stubbornly against Steve’s knee. “He’s too stubborn to tell Steve the truth isn’t he?” Vee chirped in the affirmative.
“I’m not surprised that a traitor like you would be standing up for that scum.” Clint spit in front of him, keeping eyesight with Bucky. That had both Super Soldiers tensing in anger.
"Tell him we're dealing with it," Steve said. Dealing with Fury was not what Tony needed as well. They were still going to be dealing with the aftermath of the invasion as well. "Under no circumstances is Fury allowed to talk with Tony right now."
"It's alright, Peter," Steve forced out. "Let me go find him. Can you stay calm for me?" He didn't hear Peter's response as he and Thor ran over to where Hulk had landed, dropping Tony to the ground.
"Daddy," Peter cried out weakly. Tony tore his eyes away and ran over to Peter, falling to his knees in front of the boy. He took Peter's hands away from his chest. There in the middle of his chest was a blue glow. Tony felt numb. "It hurts, Daddy. I'm scared."
"You said that you would wake her up! We agreed-"
Tony took a slow breath as the film reel ran out of tape. He slumped back against his chair, warring with the thoughts, and heaven forbid, feelings inside of him from the film. "What the hell was that supposed to mean??" Tony breathed out, throwing the journal in his hand onto a table. "Was that supposed to help, because-"
"I have a plan." Stark reached the end of the platform. "Attack." He jumped and shot off in the sky.
"I'm sorry," she breathed out, wiping at her eyes from the tears that slipped out from her laughter. "I thought you said you wanted to 'woo' Tony Stark."
"Captain Rogers, I would like to inform you that Director Fury is trying to contact Sir," Jarvis announced and Steve looked up briefly. "He does not appear to be happy with the recent news."
"I think there were more," Tony told him. "I don't think they made it, but the way he talked...." The brunette looked down at the floor, before Steve was lifting his head back up with his fingers. "They have two Enhanced, they're just kids. The girl, she has these powers, and it makes me hate magic even more, but, she can get into minds." Steve frowned a little. "She was able to control me, like Loki's scepter did." Tony was gripping Steve's arms tightly, closing his eyes and counting to five in his head.
Mary grabbed Tony's shoulder again, this time squeezing it a bit. "Getting real tired of not being able to sleep," he confessed to her. "But, world keeps spinning, things keep moving, and in the end, I still have a job to do."
"You failed to mention that she was pregnant," Tony said with a frown.
"I don't understand what the Disney song has to do with anything, though," Tony confessed. And did the Shield song have to do with Steve's actual shield, or the organization? "Jarvis, can you get Mary down here?"
"Tony actually has no say in what Mary chooses to do with her life." Steve knew this best of all, Mary being his Handler. Especially since he had figured out who Tony was, Mary didn't have to hide anything about Peter's father, and how close of friends they were. "Tony didn't even know what Mary was doing until hours after it had happened. I was there, with Peter, when Phil got the call. Tony was at the Expo."
Tony's hands gripped the edge of the counter, knuckles turning white, and he growled. "I won't-" he forced out. Strucker turned back to him, but the door was pulled open by another soldier.
"Okay," Peter said a little brightly. He turned his head to look at Tony. "Are you coming Daddy?" Tony's eyes widened marginally before returning to normal and turning his head to look at them.
Mary pulled out two dishes, took the containers, and started dishing out the food. Steve could smell the pasta sauce as soon as she took the lid off, and watched her scoop some pasta on each plate, followed by some meat that looked like sliced chicken, then the sauce over top. Reaching in the fridge she grabbed some shredded cheese, and Steve marveled at the plastic bag a little. The food smelled good, so he trusted her judgement as she spread cheese over the second plate.
"Don't know why, when I was obviously his target," Tony said as he started to lean back again in the bed. His nose was starting to itch. "That didn't change from last time. He's got some super soldier feeling punches though." Steve looked at him, eyes imploring more details. "Well, I mean, I only felt the force behind the shield, but when we had our fight last summer, and you beaned me in the head." Steve looked a little guilty as he was reminded of fighting a compromised Tony. "I remember your punches though, and the force behind them. Even with this guys’ actual arm, he was packing a literal punch."
"Bruce is waiting in Tony's room," Mary told Steve quietly, holding the door open for them. A cough worked its way through Tony. "He'll have some medicine for him so he doesn't get sick." Steve nodded and walked towards Tony's room. She'd talk to Steve later. Soon.
“Did you know that he had been keeping Vee?” Steve said he was going to try and get past it, but Vee was his first. He had found her abandoned as a baby, and nursed her back to health. They had been inseparable. And then Tony Stark had swooped in while he was gone and stolen her.
"Yeah," Tony turned to face her a little more, and he could feel Mary coming up behind him, taking her water. "They just put my name on the invitation. I don't know what to tell you."
"He is," Mary affirmed. "His attention span to things is longer than most toddlers, but he still loves it." She rolled onto her back in her bed now, phone laying on the pillow by her hear, refusing to move from her blankets.
Tony could definitely admire Steve's body when he came out in the blue swim trunks, and got into the pool with the boys. Like Tony had predicted, Steve became well acquainted with the pool noodles. He was sitting in one of the loungers, some yellow colors sunglasses on, arms behind his head, just enjoying the temperature controlled room, and the sounds of splashing and laughing.
"Oh, you're so generous, Mr Stark." Steve rolled his eyes, walking towards the back door to grab three sets of coats. "I'm so happy that you approve of my friends."
“Look Jamie! It’s Papa!” Peter hold onto Jamie’s hands as he pulled her into his lap, turning her around.
"Are we counting dates that get cut short by Avengers callouts?" Tony asked, sticking close to Steve's side, popping an olive in his mouth from the antipasto plate. "Those end up being like, half dates, if we even make it."
It wasn't too long after that he noticed Peter's yawns, his hand stilling with the pencil that was on his sketch paper. Tony put his Starkpad down on the coffee table, trusting Bruce to make sure it didn't fall, and reached over to take the pencil from Peter's hand before he accidentally messed up his drawing. Peter made a little noise of protest when Tony took the sketchbook too, Bruce taking it to place it with the tablet. He wrapped his arms around Peter and brought him up to his chest, tucking him into his arms as he leaned back against the arm of the couch. Peter yawned again, laying his head on Tony's chest, and tucking his body in between Tony's arm and side, closing his eyes.
He ran over to the table, coffee left on one of his work tables, eyes wide. “Eevee! Eevee!” Vee called out, dancing around in her spot.
"I did not come out with notecards this time, so I'm afraid we're all in for another ride." He smiled, the few laughs rippling through the crowd. "Anyway, it seems like there are a couple of things that I need to address, and I think the cards would only distract from the frantic yelling that you'll all do anyway. Am I right?" And on cue, they all started to yell his name, hands and pens in the air.
“Old fashioned diner, all casual, no cameras,” Tony said, one hand on the wheel, the other looping around Steve’s arm and shoulders as well. “Just us, and some good food.” Steve leaned over and kissed Tony’s cheek. Tony preened a little as he managed to catch a stretch of road that put some air through their hair. “Watch out, you might feed my ego.” Tony leaned over at a stop light, kissing Steve properly this time. “Happy Birthday, babe.”
“I see nothing wrong with the way I’m living my life right now, so I don’t care what anyone else has to say about it,” Steve said, conviction strong in his voice. “Only thing I care about is keeping my family safe. I lost a lot when I woke up from the ice, but I found more than I thought would be possible. I’m not losing anything else, not if I can put a stop to it.”
Tony leaned up to his knees, pressing his lips to Steve’s before resting his forehead against Steve’s. “I needed to hear that,” Steve whispered to him.
"It's pressure sensitive," he explained. "I had Jarvis take readings when you were wailing on a punching bag last month, so I have some readings on how much force you can exert. When you go to pull the shield, and you reach a certain amount of force, the magnet automatically lets go." Tony held out the harness to Steve. "I would test it out on the jet on the jet on the way to your mission so you can get used to it. Technically anyone could pull it off, but not with a casual grab."
Tony shot a repulsor beam at Loki before he was even thinking about landing, throwing the man back, hitting some stairs. That was a little satisfying. Tony landed, then raised both arms, weapons at the ready, all trained on Loki. And what the hell was he wearing on his head? Honestly, how did he expect anyone to take him seriously with that helmet?
"I admit that I missed interacting with Young Master," Jarvis said and Tony raised his eyebrows. "It would do you well to stop getting into so much trouble, Sir." Mary had to laugh at the AI and Tony frowned, almost pouted.
"Seriously, Tony," Bruce said with a little sigh. "Go do something around the tower, find something to take up your time until Peter gets back."
“I’m sorry that you have such delicate sensibilities,” Tony retorted. “I would have thought after the Army, and babysitting all these kids, that you’d have an iron stomach.”
Steve was in DC, and Tony would never admit that he was giving him the cold shoulder, but he knew that Steve was at least calling Peter. Tony needed to let a couple new suits work through production, so he figured it was as good a time as any to check up on their new house guest. He had put Meg down a couple floors from Mary and Coulson, on one of the floors that held multiple apartments.
“Of course, Sir,” the AI responded form the phone. Tony set the phone down on a bench along the path, then set Jamie down to sit next to the phone.
“Obviously she’ll like you,” Wade pitched in. Bucky swore he saw a smirk. Suspicious.
“This place is huge,” Steve said as he followed them into the mansion. “And you’ve lived here the longest?”
“Not that we’re getting back to sleep anytime soon,” Steve murmured, and Tony just hummed in agreement. Steve carefully threaded his fingers through Tony’s hair as he held onto his, careful of his fingers as a faint ache pulsed through them from the dream. If those were the dreams that Tony was constantly experiencing, it was a wonder that Tony hadn’t avoided sleeping more often.
You're all beautiful people, amazing, and I adore you all. Seriously your comments and reviews are amazing, and I have every intention of still responding to everyone. Your support keeps me going.
Steve let out a breath and leaned his forehead on top of Tony's head. "I think Coulson stealing your bullet is the least of your worries right now."
“I don’t care that I’ve been outed as no longer single,” Tony told her, the three of them, plus Jamie, stepping into the elevator that had come back down. “What matters is that Steve’s beard of wonders has saved his identity in all those social media pictures. No one was able to get close enough to start matching features with Captain America. Not that there’s much to match with the cowl on.”
"Yeah, but it's as close as a talk as you're going to get for at least a couple days," Natasha countered. "Even if he doesn't know that you heard everything. What are your thoughts?"
"Nah," Tony shook his head. "I don't see that becoming a thing. I mean, look at how often I call you by your name."
"You're the one who opened your mouth," Steve whispered when he walked by with the other two plates of food. "You brought this on yourself."
"I bet you're as disappointing in bed as you are in pers-" He gasped all the air was suddenly pushed from his lungs when Steve moved forward, punching George in the gut. Tony turned his head, looking shocked.
Steve went back up the Penthouse floor and saw that Clint and Natasha were already there, looking at the mess that was there. Steve picked up the shield that he had left by the couch when he had gotten there, seeing Tony and Peter on the floor. There was one thing that Tony had said as he walked away from the gym that Steve was taking to heart; There had been an attempt on his life, and Steve needed to figure out who would do that.
When one of the monitors of Tony's computer screens flipped to the screen saver, he was able to catch a look at the time. It was after four in the morning. Tony glanced back over at Steve. "What has you up this early?" He knew for a fact that Steve didn't get up for his morning run until five-thirty.
He took large steps back as Steve released his two companions, the room just big enough to fit Arcanine’s height, and Braviary’s wing span. Tony had to turn his head away, not wanting to watch the reunion, feeling like he was intruding. As he did that, he missed as the working elevator door opened. But he didn’t miss the shocked, but overjoyed cry.
"Do you know who attacked?" Steve could hear some papers shuffling in the background, and knew that she had to be in her office in California. Probably going to be working overtime for the next couple of days.
“You’re getting lucky,” Pepper agreed. “I’m working with PR now to set up a statement for when the mainstream media does get a hold of this.”
“I for one am glad that she did,” Peggy said strongly. “You have an outstanding child, Howard, and sometimes you can’t see that. Evelyn would not choose to be with anyone that Steve wouldn’t approve of, someone that wasn’t a good person. I think it will be good for him as well. Don’t you dare ruin that, Howard Stark, or so help me-“
"Daddy!" Peter cried out in between laughs, trying to hide behind Wade, who was then trying to push Peter in front of him in retaliation. "Captain! Help!"
"Yeah, I figured." Tony slid the chair out, walking around the desk, Rhodey following him. "So, I've been thinking about it." He could practically feel Rhodey's eye brow raising. "Tomorrow, I want to start working on my new project. Stark Expo is already underway, nothing else I can do about that until more of the construction comes along, and people start sending me their ideas for presentations. And," Tony turned around to face Rhodey, stopping in front of the display cases of the Iron Man suits, "I want to see my son again."
“Good evening, Sir, Captain Rogers, Young Master Peter, Young Lady Jamie, and Miss Potts,” Jarvis said in the house, and Tony smiled. “It is a pleasure to welcome you back, for however short your visit may be.”
Peter thought about it for a little bit, then nodded. "Yeah, that's a good idea."
"Friends," they heard Thor call to them as they walked down the hall. He was standing outside of a door, no doubt Loki's holding cell, and he smiled at them. "Tis a generous offer from you, Man of Iron, to give shelter until I am able to return to Asgard with my brother, and the tesseract."
Steve started his motorcycle and pulled into the street, passing the family, a little smile on his face.
"SHIELD is here, they've got the rest of them in custody."
"Good job, Tony," the male voice said again, and Tony felt a little bit of pride bubble in his chest. "Peter is in bed, he's sleeping. Mary has gong to go take a picture, and she's going to text it to you, okay?"
“Yeah, we’re gonna rub it in your face when we wipe the court with you,” Rhodey said with ease. “Tony, I expect a regulation basketball court next week for this.”
Tony looked up at him, his eyes a bright blue color. "You were right, Cap. I'm not a hero." He thrust his arm forward with the scepter, firing a shot at Steve.
"I'm right here, Tony," Steve told him, lips moving against his skin. "I'm right here, with you. I'm not going anywhere."
“I’m proud of my creativity,” Tony announced.
Natasha smirked a little and the trio headed inside. Banner met with Fury and they started talking about finding the tesseract, and Steve tuned out a little. He didn't understand a word of what was going on. He watched Coulson closely though, seeing the tense nature of his shoulders, knowing the man was holding a lot in at the moment. But, there was nothing that Steve could do at the moment, not while they were all on the Hellicarrier with nowhere to go. He found his way down to the gym, until someone needed him.
And then, Tony was there. He let out a little cry as soon as the door was shut and he saw her there. She trilled loudly and jumped into his arm, pushing her head against his neck. Tony squeezed her as tightly as he could, trying not to cry into her fur. “Vee, I’m so sorry, Vee. I’m sorry I wasn’t there, I’m sorry I wasn’t better. Everything’s going to change, my sweet girl.” He kept whispering the words into her fur until two doors closed, and Happy and Pepper had gotten back inside of the car. Tony didn’t let go of her though, and she wasn’t about to move from his arms. Her Tony was back, and she wasn’t going to let him go again.
Flynn Rider and Rapunzel were standing in a cove of sorts, and Peter had hopped up on the bricks that were behind them to get more height. Tony already had his phone out, getting shots of the three of them, and Steve pulled his out to take pictures one handed.
"You're not doing this just to make yourself feel better because of what you used to think about him, are you?" Natasha looked at him. "He's not a charity case, and he's not a damsel in distress."
"I'll just input another AI system, they'll help me," Tony muttered as they rode down to the ground floor.
“No, just to pull Tony away from work,” Steve mumbled. He pushed himself up straight and walked into the living room. “Hey, babe.” He leaned over the couch and kissed Tony’s cheek, pulling his attention away from the tablet. “Can I interest you in a distraction?”
While Tony wasn't that much older than him, he had done so much more, and had actually been able to live. Shit, what was Tony thinking, why was Steve Rogers giving him a pep talk? This kid had had to grow up way to fast, at much too young an age, even before becoming Captain America. Tony couldn't trap him in any kind of relationship with him, he was too messed up for that.
"We've been working on sharing," Mary told him, pouring some juice for herself. "Getting him ready for school."
“They got lucky,” Steve countered. “Everyone has to get lucky at least once.” Tony was biting his lip, wheezing in breaths as he couldn’t stop laughing.
Tony slowly blinked his eyes open and turned his head to look up. They were on the couch in Steve's living room, both laying out on it, a blanket around Tony. Tony found that his back was against Steve's chest, and he was damn comfortable. "Trying to salvage the date?" Steve hummed, nodding a little. "Why am I laying on you?"
Tony nodded a little. “I’m tired, Steve.” He closed his eyes again as Steve wrapped strong arms around him, sharing the sentiment.
"Thor," Steve said as he walked over to the blonde Asgardian. "We just saw Loki upstairs."
“Shit, are you trying to say my name?” Jamie just smiled at him and put her hand on his nose. “Bucky, is that what you’re trying to say?”
“I don’t think I want to advertise that just yet.” Steve picked up the doublet and looked it over. “How am I going to carry Jamie with this? How are you going to carry Jamie in that?”
Steve had noticed before that Tony didn't take anything from anyone when it was handed over. Bruce would always put his stuff on a flat surface for him, even if he was going to just pick it up right away, and Natasha did the same last night when giving him something to drink for dinner. But Tony had taken the bracelets from Steve this morning, hadn’t he?
"Too which part are you referring," Tony interrupted her. "The part where you were there, working for the government agency trying to get my attention? Or the part where my own partner is still selling weapons, to the enemy? Or the part where I was made to look the fool of the company that has My name on it?! Please, enlighten me, Mary!"
“Does Bucky even know how to play basketball?” Tony couldn’t help but question. Steve stared at him for a long second, before giving him a quick kiss and bounding out of the workshop, and taking the stairs three at a time. Tony launched into a new round of laughter.
“This on ‘On your left’ guy??” Tony asked, then flashed a smile at Sam. “Seriously, how many times did he lap you?”
"I'm not going to sit idly by on some kind of house arrest." She was about as stubborn as Steve. Tony idly thinks that they could have been siblings in another life.
“Probably because you rarely take them out.”
“I’m scarier than she is. I trained her.”
“You’re going to be waiting a much longer time!” Tony called out as they disappeared down the hall. Mary turned her head to look at him as they walked into Peter’s bedroom. “I’m really not in the mood to deal with Strange right now. I’m not thrilled that he showed up unannounced, and on Peter’s birthday.”
"Who was your friend when you were in school?" Wade asked with all the innocence of a child. He was assuming that he and Peter had the exact same experiences in school.
He grabbed a hot pad and opened the oven door to pull out the ruined cupcakes, then froze when he saw the smoke rising up to the ceiling, approaching the smoke detector. Oh, that was something he didn't need to explain to Mary. Tony hurried over, vaulting up and over the island, and using the height to grab at the cover of the smoke detector as it started to beep, and ripped the battery out, almost tearing it off the wall.
"We usually eat Dinner around Seven," Steve told him, not waiting for an answer. "It's a new thing we're trying with both kids now, and a schedule is supposed to be good, or something."
"It's what he does," Coulson told him. "I also think it's a way for him to cope with the wedding in general." Steve hummed a little.
Tony tapped his fingers on the counter, watching Bruce at the stove. Peter and his grandparents were at a water park for the day, the heat not so bad on the July day. Tony hadn't actually paid attention to the weather though while working in his workshop, he had overheated one of the main servers. Now he had to wait for the Tower to cool down, (Jarvis was blasting the AC around the workshop), and wait for the power to be restored to that section on its own. He was bored.
“My Ma taught me to treat everyone with respect!” Steve exclaimed.
"If anyone actually knew how your brain worked, they would probably get commendations from the science community," Mary mumbled to him.
“What. Happened.” Steve growled out, a glare turned towards him.
"Fuck." Tony dropped his forehead against Steve's shoulder, panting too hard now. "Clothes aren't even off, yet." His voice sounded rough, wrecked, when it had no right too, not yet anyway.
"Steven Rogers, you let me go this instant," Rachel was saying to Steve, and Tony almost felt bad.
Tony sipped his coffee slowly, this stuff fresh, not the stuff that he just kept re-warming up until he forgot about it, again. The food was definitely something that Mary had cooked, and it was the best thing his stomach had tasted in at least four days. A tender pot roast with vegetables, and the mashed potatoes that Rachel had taught her to make. He thought the secret was to add sour cream and ranch dressing while they were being mixed, but there was another ingredient that he couldn't place.
Tony's hands fisted in Steve's shirt tightly. It would be so easy for him to lay the blame at Steve's feet. Howard was dead and gone, and Tony kept find new reason to be thankful for that, and the reason that he had put time and money into the research was holding onto him. The man that he was constantly compared to as a child, said he would never live up to, to always be a disappointment in his father's eyes, was whispering in his ear. It would be so easy.
"We're staying inside the building, if that's what you're wondering," Tony assured him. "I just, this is something I want to do. I was shot today, indulge me." Steve just nodded, falling into an easy silence in the elevator. Tony let his eyes give a hidden roam over Steve's body, half in the suit, arms exposed, peeks of skin that was red, but already starting to heal.
"Just Manhattan?" Bruce asked.
“You can’t look at it like that,” Steve said, but he didn’t have his usual optimism in his voice. “You need to have a little bit of faith.” Tony shot him a look, and Steve almost winced. “I know.”
“Well, considering I didn’t get to do this when I was teenager,” Steve said with a little smile. He reached his spoon over again, but Tony had grabbed his own and they clanked against each other.
Everything he had read about Anthony Stark online pointed to him being a Grade A, well, ass. Steve hadn't needed to read much more after seeing a history of wild parties, drinking, some drugs, and lots of women. He couldn't believe that that was how Howards' son had turned out; nothing like the man that he had known back in the war. Steve wondered if this Anthony's parents were turning in their graves at how he acted. The Howard he had known would be.
Except they didn’t make it home before the chaos started. In the time that they had been inside and the pictures had been posted, more cameras and people had gathered. Tony blinked, caught off guard for a second. Steve went to pull away, but Tony just followed him, and gave him a look. That’s when Tony took over, pushing them through the group of cameras and shouted questions.
"Well, that's a hot spot." If Tony could have shrugged int he suit, he would have. "Sounds like someone stepped in and did you job for you, huh?"
"Tony!" There was more yelling in the house. Rhodey? "Tony!" He was being rolled over, Rhodey, he was there. "You okay?"
"Buck." Steve took a step forward.
Rhodey was in the kitchen when Tony shuffled in, making them a pizza, but looking to see what they could make for dinner that would be toddler friendly. "Is he asleep?"
Mary pursed his lips together, then slammed her hand on the button, vaulting over the bar, and running from the building as the arc reactor over powered, lightning and sparks flying through the air like a giant tesla coil. She cleared the building, running towards the cars, turning around, hoping for any sign on Tony, as an explosion suddenly rocked the building, fire bursting in plumes from the windows and doors and the roof.
In the morning, Steve tore himself away from Tony’s side, Jarvis promising to send updates to his phone while he was away. He went down to Mary’s floor to greet the kids for breakfast, attempting to keep up appearances. He hadn’t heard anything from Strange, or heavens above, Loki, and he wasn’t sure if no news was good news, or if they were too busy with something happening to inform him of it.
"He's the fly guy," Peter giggled.
"You're going to have too, Peter won't accept it any other way." Tony turned his head to look at Steve, and he saw the guarded look in his eyes. He could practically see Tony's walls rebuilding themselves in real time. "Better check in with your Handler, she should probably know about this mission, too."
"Rachel and William are taking Peter and Wade to Disney World at the end of April," Tony said, but didn't move from his position around Steve. "I talked to the school, and they said that if they keep their grades up until the week before, then they'd be able to go, and move on to the fifth grade." Tony let out a little moan. "Uhn, my son is almost in Middle School, he's almost half way through his basic school career." Tony moved to snuggle in a little more with Steve, and he happily obliged by wrapping his arm, the one Tony wasn't already laying on, tighter around his waist.
Steve sighed as Pepper hung up. He wasn’t worried about the inevitable backlash their dating had caused, he didn’t care what anyone thought about him. He wasn’t ashamed of who he was, of who he loved. He was worried about the exposure on the kids, especially for Jamie, much like Tony was worried about the exposure on Peter. While it was true that they hadn’t seen, or heard, from AIM or even Hydra, it didn’t mean that they would have given up looking and plotting. He also knew that Tony was going to blow a gasket.
“She likes to have fun,” Wade mumbled suddenly, making Steve jump a little. “She’s not so bad, for a baby, and she likes it when we teach her stuff.”
"I'll be there a bit later," Bruce said. He was in borrowed SHIELD clothing now. "I'm gonna help the staff here."
Tony swallowed, then licked his lips. “There was always a way out of the desert,” he said quietly. “I’ll be fine, you know that. I’ll learn to deal with it, eventually.” Mary let out a sigh, but she didn’t push. He knew what she would say, she had said it all before when he was still having nightmares after getting back from Afghanistan. “Just as long as Peter doesn’t see, than it doesn’t matter.”
He slowly pushed himself up to his knees, sensors on Thor. He seemed to be waiting for him to get up. Tony didn't want to play fair. He turned his hand under him and shot a beam at him, hitting him in the chest and sending Thor back into a tree. Tony was up on his feet now as Thor reached out for his hammer. He started to spin it, raising it up and a very impressive lightning bolt struck. Thor threw it out at Tony, hitting him in the chest, sending him sliding back a couple of feet on the ground, but Tony stayed standing. He had just dealt with someone else who liked to use electricity, this was nothing to him now.
"Careful," Tony whispered, a ghost of a smirk on his lips, an empty one. "One might think you were getting attached to me." He nodded his head towards the bedroom door before Steve could respond, and he was talking again. "You've got a bigger responsibility now, Steve. There's a little girl in there, one that needs someone, and you said yes to that. She, shit," Tony ran his hand through his hair. "She's an innocent in this, someone who didn't even ask to be brought into this world. I have so many complex thoughts on cloning, but...."
“What exactly brings you to the Tower, Strange?” Natasha asked. She may have been dressed in her civvies, but she still exuded assassin.
"The twins?" Tony frowned, looking between the two of them. "Because the Baby Daddy was Hydra?"
"Doesn't have to be a label, not really. But, I think we should talk about what comes with the kissing."
"Seems I set the bar a little high for myself." Tony felt himself smile so wide that it actually hurt a little. He pulled Steve's head up, kissing him sensuously, keeping him close.
Tomorrow Tony had plans to get back to the Tower, make sure that everyone would have a room there, starting with Peter's room, Mary's room, and a room for Coulson. He had finished those designs first, then started on guest floors. And between just him and Jarvis, he had floors for each Avenger. The inspectors had gone through the Tower a couple days ago, and it was structurally sound, and all his permits were still active. Tony hoped that when Thor finally took Loki back to wherever, he'd be able to at least have guest rooms prepared.
"Then the Son of Coul will make a full recovery?" Thor asked, a smile on his face. Steve nodded, and Thor's smile brightened more. "I am glad that the Gods smile upon him so kindly."
Steve hummed and nodded and opened the door for the stairs instead of heading to the elevator. It would be good exercise, a way to tire him out more when he eventually got to his floor, and it would give Wade the time he needed to get his thoughts off of his chest.
“All stinky boys need to take a shower!” Tony exclaimed. “We can’t go eat if no one wants to be around us!”
"Like you controlled the cube?" Steve shot at the director. The Red Skull thought he could control the cube as well. Steve was the now living proof that that man had failed.
"Large foam things that are used in pools. They're supposed to help float in the water, but human ingenuity turned them into so many other things," Tony chuckled. "I'm sure you'll see them in all their glory in the pool."
“That, and the fact that I’m walking around with a video game character, and someone from a different movie,” Steve pointed out.
"And Mary is going to give me the stink eye for not telling her!" Tony grabbed a wash cloth, made sure the water was warm, and did a quick swipe across his face.
“I’d probably pop the ball,” Bucky told him.
“That’s, something we don’t need,” Steve let out a sigh. “I’d want eyes on Hilda as quickly as possible, we don’t need another Hydra resurgence right after exposing them. And we don’t need her making contact with Hydra over in Europe, or even Strucker.”
"Does that even count?" Tony whined a little as Steve pulled him back over to the table. "We fell asleep on the couch like ten minutes later. We didn't even get to act like a couple of horny teenagers on their first make out session. We fell asleep while kissing, Steve. While. Kissing." Steve smiled when Tony used his first name. It had been happening more often, usually in private, but Steve still smiled every time it happened.
"You're in cahoots on this, too??" Meg leaned forward, looking at Steve. "You hid that black card that Tony gave you because you don't want to use his money, but now you're actively encouraging him to do something outrageous?"
“People have generally been annoying me,” Tony said with a shrug. “Specifically, your husband’s charges.” Mary let out a little sigh. “I don’t really wanna talk, or argue about it.”
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
“You are the one for me, that’s all I’ll say,” Steve said with a smile.
It's Steve's birthday, and everyone has to celebrate!
"Jerk." Steve pushed his shoulder then put a container in his hand and set some wrapped cookies on top. "Those are your leftovers, for you and Meg. I want that container back."
"You rang for me, Brucie-bear?" Tony says as he walked into the lab, unbuttoning the top two buttons of his dress shirt now. With the tie already gone he was feeling a bit more relaxed. When he looked at Bruce, he saw how tense the man was, pensive, and his eyes possibly tinging a little green. Not good. They don't say another word and Bruce motions to the computer screen in front of him.
"So you went and found her again," Steve finished. "But, why just her?" Bucky gave him a deadpan look, and Steve was reminded of the Bucky from Brooklyn that he almost stumbled. "The babies...."
As he felt the movement of Steve's lips against his, he was aware of the differences then, how the even heat from Steve's lips pressed against his, and their lips seemed to form to each other, locking into place. Tony felt the breath from Steve's nose, hot, coming out a little more ragged every second. Steve's tongue brushing against Tony's lips was a sensory burst all on its own, and Tony felt his mouth moving on its own to let Steve in, unable to stop the moan that came from his throat, the vibration itself almost enough to bring another, as their tongues met.
Mary bit her lip a little. "Did I tell you I was wearing a lavender?"
"I think I'm going to need it," he chuckled and waved a bit as the doors closed again, and was headed down to the lobby. He briefly wondered if it would look odd bringing the security guard out with him. Todd would be-
Unlike Tony, Steve wasn’t concerned with the way that the door opened on its own as he practically ran up the steps. He was concerned when it wasn’t Strange that was waiting for him, but Loki. The same one that they all believed to be dead. He was reaching for his shield on his back even as Loki raised his hands.
“Knowing them, they’ll probably be gone for a few hours,” Tony smiled softly. “School isn’t out for nearly an hour, and they’ll probably end up taking them for ice cream, or some such nonsense.”
Tony paused a little in his playing, leaning back against Steve. “My mom used to play a lot, she wanted me to learn as a kid. I wanted to play the violin, but she said that a pianist’s fingers would be valued more.” He reached up one hand, rubbing Steve’s cheek to bring his head closer. “She would be appalled at all the calluses that I have now. My fingers didn’t turn out as longer and slender as she would have liked. I never did have the perfect poise to play like the masters.”
Tony gently pushed open the door to Peter's room, seeing the little boy start to turn, waking up slowly. He walked in, sitting on the side of the bed, hand reaching over to gently rub his back. peter yawned, rolling onto his back, Tony biting his lip seeing the little face scrunched up in sleep. Sleepy eyes opened and saw Tony, then Peter smiled. Tony felt something nearly explode with warmth in his chest and he reached over to pick up Peter.
“Alright, what have you decided?” Tony asked, crowding Steve before he could slip away into the living room.
"No way," Wade shook his head. "But we can't have two blue lightsabers!"
"I'd like to say yes," he started, drawing her eyes over to his face. "But, I guess I'm still digesting it myself. I mean, I've been Iron Man for several years now, but that doesn't mean that I can just accept everything that happens. None of it's normal, even in my eccentric life. The most I had to worry about at once point was hoping that my baby son wouldn't throw up on me."
The light suddenly darkened through the window, and there were several cracks of lightning. Steve turned to look out the window, then noticed that the clouds were swirling over just one spot, and that was the Tower. That was Thor. He was running again for the stairs, this time running up. If Thor was coming, and he was aiming directly for the Tower, the best place to land would be the roof. Tony had actually semi planned that anyway, redoing the roof with enough space for Thor to land on, but never specifically saying that that was what it was for.
Tony pointed at Steve. “We are talking about this later,” he mouthed to Steve, who was trying not to smile.
"Oh, I've heard," Loki drawled. "The mindless beast, make play he's still a man." Tony's fist clenched, still riding the anger train. "How desperate are you, that you call upon such lost creatures to defend you?" What Tony would give to be in that room with Loki right now.
Peter nodded. "Yup, it's his birthday present." Mary smiled and ruffled his hair a little. Steve leaned over, helping Peter blend the colors again, ("It's a special pencil from Mr Steve!"), and she watched them with a small smile. Mary almost wished that she could bring Steve with them, she had a weird feeling about going to Monaco.
"So no worries there at least. Barton filled us in on what happened with you, and-" he put his other hand on her arm when it looked like she was going to interrupt him, "he's fine, I'll get there. We got Loki and the Tesseract, and we sent both of them back with Thor to Asgard."
He had a certain one-eyed director to find now. After several minutes, he saw Maria Hill walked away down a hallway and he decided to follow her; where there was a Hill, there was usually a Fury.
“Hey, sleepyhead.” Tony’s words caught Peter’s attention, who looked up towards the doorway then gave Steve a pure smile of happiness at seeing him. “We were just talking about you.”
“We’re not going shopping for you birthday presents.” He glanced in the mirror to see the slight pout that was starting to develop on his young features. “We’ve already got your presents.” Peter’s face lit up with a smile so fast that Tony had a hard time not smiling himself. “Papa and I are going out because one year ago, he asked me out, and I said yes. He was really very silly, but he’s stuck around for this long, so we’re going to celebrate.”
Mary let out a loud snort with a laugh before she was able to cover her mouth. Steve shot her a look, and her grin widened underneath her hand. “It’s not polite to have your elbows on the table, Tony,” she managed to get out without laughing too much.
"Not sure how to take that," Steve uttered. "Well, they're still kind of high on my list."
“Well, it’s a little creepy, Buck!” Steve said with a laugh.
"Did that paper really-" Mary started before Tony interrupted her, quietly.
"Bye, Peter," Steve said, rubbing his back a little. "You know where I am, any time." Peter nodded and took Tony's hand. "It was nice to meet you, Tony." Steve also didn't like that he didn't know Tony's last name, but Mary had said that he didn't want others to know, to keep Peter unknown from big buisness, or any cameras that might show up. Steve could see the sense in that as he learned about how bothersome cameras could be for anyone with any kind of importance in this new time. Tony was respecting both Mary and Peter's privacy, even if he was keeping them a secret from everyone else. Steve really just wanted to have a heart to heart with this man, to clear things up.
Tony smiled at him, nodding. "Well, it's not going to be as good as Petey's present that's for sure. I had to beg him to let me go first, so my present wasn't overshadowed." Steve chuckled and smiled, putting the pen back into the wooden case, slipping it into his front pocket. Peter was standing in front of the plain wooden wall, rocking back and forth on his feet, waiting patiently. The most patient he's probably ever been.
"Rhodey was there," Tony said, pulling out of her arms, but not away from her. He couldn't look her in the eyes though, not yet. "He pulled me out of that hell hole, he saw me-" Tony clenched his jaw shut. "Rhodey knew most of it anyway, so I just filled in the details for him, asked him to keep it out of official reports. Even he was turning green at what happened, and he's seen action! How could I tell that to anyone else?? I still want to be able to look people in the eye at the end of the day!"
"Just looking a little too eager there, Tony," Steve called back, putting his shield on his back. His cowl was still up, and he looked like he had to be pretty hot in the suit. Before Tony could reply a small gaggle of kids came out from the pool room, wrapped in towels, the lifeguards following them.
"Yesterday."
"-and he'd try and get you back," Tony finished. "He keeps company with the likes of General Ross, so I wouldn't put anything past this man personality wise."
"It wouldn't surprise me, I'm a lovable person." Tony leaned his head up a little to grin. "My irresistible charm, and dashing good looks."
(See the end of the chapter for
"An absolute menace." Tony swiveled his head around to look around the house again. "You can keep her around."
Tony heard the soothing voice in his ear, felt the pain in his chest, his lungs, but it had receded to a burning pain, no longer crippling. He was in New York. Not the cave. Not the cold darkness of space. "-party. Peter is in his bedroom with Wade, they're both safe." Tony almost let out a choked sob of relief at the sentence. "You're safe, Tony." He dragged in uneasy breaths, feeling his chest constricting, pain, finding it hard to pull in a breath, but there was air coming in this time, instead of water. Tony was pretty sure, by the way that his throat burned, that he had coughed up as much water as he could.
"Time to get back to the car!" Steve declared, starting to head for the exit. Tony laughed, following him, putting his phone back in his pocket.
Tony scooped the little boy into his arms, holding him tightly to his chest, sticking his nose in Peter's hair. "Daddy." Peter mumbled the word into his shirt, wrapping his arms tightly around Tony's neck. "I was scawed." Sometimes Peter's R's turned back into W's when he was really upset, and it pulled at Tony to hear that, thinking that he helped cause that.
“Never really liked her,” Wade said to him as Peter climbed in the car. “Dad hired her, and Mom never met her. She was usually gone before Mom came home from work.”
“Good news, it seems there’s only a trigger if there’s a fight or flight response,” Tony added in.
“You’re not supposed to blush,” Peter said to Steve and giggled. “That’s your Princess!” That made the woman laugh herself, staying in character.
"Is this the friend that's helping flirt with music?" This time Steve nodded.
Tony shook his head. "No, I made the limit rule. It's a personal thing." Natasha looked like she was about to say something, but Tony cut her off. "No more personal questions, we are so not a level of friends where you can ask about all that stuff."
"Thanks little man. Is that plate supposed to be mine?" Tony held onto Peter, motioning to a plate that was sitting on the island counter, a few stools already set in place.
Tony had politely declined all invitations, and Steve hadn’t felt comfortable going in the Captain America uniform, rather preferring his Army uniform if anything. They decided to release a joint statement, saying that they would not be attending any public events, so as not to draw attention away from the others that gave their lives in the battle, to those that were lost, and to those that were still rebuilding. Tony was funding the memorial that the City wanted to erect. He wasn’t under any illusion though that the media would be sure to criticize them for not showing up for any events, even though Tony was adamant about not taking away from the focus on the victims of the city that were affected, and the city itself.
"Is there something wrong with what he's listening, too?" Bruce asked, picking up his own sandwich to start eating.
“What are you saying, Peggy?”
"What did Tony have to say?" Tasha asked, turning to look at Steve.
"I trust you," Tony told him, trying not to look down at Steve's hand. He trusted Steve, with his life. And that meant not looking down, not letting the paranoia of being betrayed by those he loved infect his relationship with Steve. Steve wasn't like any of them, wasn't like Howard, or Stane, or anyone else. He wasn't the dead man telling him that he had failed Peter.
"What's the catch?"
"No, he does love his food," Tony agreed. "I'm making sure to put chimichangas on the list." Julie laughed. "Seriously, that is a weird favorite food."
"I'm sure you didn't want to talk to me about bad family values," Tony told him, moving fully into the hallway now. He told Peter he'd be right back.
"I'll be sure to remind you, just in case," Mary continued, not having heard Bruce.
Iiiii may have been mistaken, I did not make it through the rest of Iron Man 1 in this chapter. Next chapter for sure, but Peter was demanding a lot of attention this chapter, and well, how can you say no to him? I'm having fun with this story, and apparently so is everyone else!
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more than I do.
"You know, we're going to have to actually have a talk about what this means," Steve said before taking a bite of his eggs. Tony raised an eyebrow at him, waiting for him to swallow. "Not that kissing you isn't fun-"
"That's right," Tony smiled at him. "They'll get the hang of it though, and we can teach them." Steve moved a little and Tony shifted to sit between him and Peter. "You were like that when you were a tiny little baby." Tony pushed Peter's nose making him giggle.
Walking in, Steve looked around, noting that the apartment wasn't as big as the one that Mary had, but it was bigger than what he used to live in back in Brooklyn. Everything felt vaguely familiar, the furniture looking vastly different from what Mary had. It reminded him of furniture he would see in the windows of the high end furniture stores in his time.
"No way, you're in danger, too, Tony. You need to get Meg somewhere safe, maybe the Tower," Steve argued.
"Yup," Tony nodded a little.
"The point is that you like him a hell of a lot more than you thought," the older man inferred. "And it's scaring you."
"Glad to know I wasn't the only one who noticed it." Steve crossed his arms over his chest, watching Coulson grab a corsage from the desk. "Although it certainly made being stuck in the Tower interesting, while trying to avoid cameras."
"Petey, get over here, kid," Tony said, trying to turn Peter down the hall towards the bedrooms. "Help me check on something real quick."
"Don't agree so quickly." He could feel Rhodey's eyebrow raise. "I need you to pick something up at a store for me." Rhodey was about to open his mouth, probably to ask if Tony was serious; but the engineer continued. "It's not for me, it's for my son." That stopped Rhodey.
Tony sat up, gasping for air, chest heaving, eyes wide. He pulled his legs from the tangled sheets and sat over the edge of the bed. Hands gripped the edge of the bed, trying to get rid of the shaking in his limbs. "J?" Tony said quietly, not trusting his voice.
"Maybe for someone other than the inventor of the hottest current smartphone," Tony shot back. "Who needs to call when I can just send message from my seat?"
I promise, I'm being nicer to them now! I'm starting to take things and make them right, wrap up some loose ends for the boys. I'm making them happy again! You'll see! There's gonna be some feels in this chapter, specially towards the end. Just remember, happy good times are coming soon! :D
“Sadly, we don’t get what we want,” she said softly. “But we roll with the curves, and we make life our bitch afterwards.” She tapped his cheek gently on one side. “Make a phone call if you have, too. You know what to do if it gets too bad.” Steve knew that she was referring to the therapist that he still on on call.
New story! Continued Proof!
"Oh, this should be good," Bruce smirked a bit.
"It's an atom!" Tony exclaimed and Bruce blinked. "Jarvis, scan it, project it!" A hologram of the old model rose up from the physical model as Tony pulled himself up and over to the desk. He pulled out his arc reactor, and Bruce moved to pull out a fresh core for him. In the almost three months that Bruce had been at the Manor with Tony they had fallen into a routine with the reactor. Bruce would study the decay of the cores to see how fast they were depleting, and adjust the chlorophyll intake with Jarvis.
Tony and Peter were quiet for a bit after that, Peter moving so that he could tuck his head under Tony's chin. "I love you Daddy."
"Ms Potts?" She looked up when Coulson spoke, Pepper Potts coming the stairs, in a bit of a hurry it looked like. The last time she had seen the red-head was when Peter had been only a month old. "Did you forget about out appointment?"
"Okay, but we're ignoring the fact that he was Loose in the Mansion last night," Tony brought up. "You'll forgive me if I don't trust a Single syllable that comes from his mouth. He kidnapped my son, tried to mind control me, and shoved a torture device on my mouth because he can't take a joke! And then I found him playing with the temperature in Rogers' room last night, because he got the wrong room looking for Me! How do we know he isn't trying to kill us off, one by one, or just me?"
"Wanna see Uncle Bruce, Mr Steve, and Phil," Peter said tiredly. Tony pursed his lips a little at the mention of Phil. He didn't want to be the one to tell Peter what had happened, at least not right now, not with everything else that had happened. He would talk to Fury though. Tony would take care of all arrangements, he owed it to Mary. He pulled Peter into a hug against his side, trying not to think about what would happen when Mary woke up.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is on his way down, with Young Lady Jamie.” Jarvis’ voice brought his out of his thoughts and he grunted a little in the affirmative. Tony leaned back, stretching his arms, and listened to the carious joints cracking as he did so. He was pretty sure that he had missed breakfast and lunch, and it was probably getting close to dinner.
Tony's hand was unsteady as he turned to a different page.
"She's never liked me," Tony snorted.
Natasha was waiting for them in the hanger, standing by one of the quinjets, the engines already going, ready to take off. "About time, she said when they walked out. "I want to get back before the guys eat all of the bacon." She gave a short nod to Fury and Hill, Thor and Loki were next, Tony following with a bit of space, and Steve after him. Steve made sure that the back of the quinjet was raising before anyone could say anything and Clint was already taking off.
'Sir, Captain Rogers would like a moment of your time when you are able.' Jarvis's text appeared across the top of the tablet. He didn't want to interrupt the family time unless it was important. 'He says that it is at your earliest convenience, and to not rush.' Tony rolled his eyes a little.
