He should argue with Rhodey now. He probably
Suddenly, all the big, existential questions just crumbled into irrelevance. Tony was immediately overwhelmed by the very simple, very
what either of them thought about it-
tonight. It was perverse enough that he was going to fall asleep alone. And it wasn’t even about fidelity or trust or honour – otherwise, Steve wouldn’t have come here in the first place. It was a very specific instinct, something that wasn’t at all offended that Steve had fucked someone else… but simply couldn’t have him fall asleep next to them.
Tony kept his eyes locked on Steve, watching that same childish glee rise up in Steve’s face as he brought the marker pen to the wallpaper again-
And, at last, he had Steve curled up against his chest, comfortable and happy and safe, his fingers tracing idly over Tony’s skin, his heart beating strong and slow-
There were now far too many disasters on Tony’s to-do list for him to be obsessing over an ancient grudge with SHIELD…
think, you should’ve told me what was going on earlier, called me after what happened at the compound with Zemo, or whatever…
had wanted it. Even when it seemed ridiculous to hope for it, even when Steve hadn’t let himself think about it… He’d always wanted this.
And sassy, sometimes.
consider splashing him back…
. To try and turn every new revelation into a version of something they know already… That’s the real key, you know. Overcoming humanity’s fear of change. Their reluctance to start afresh. Their instinct to make everything fit into a familiar framework… Once you can make people forget
helped with a lot of things, last night. So, you know, thank you…”
name – why not have some fun with it?
And then it was like a dam had burst, as all the awful fears from today came crowding in on him-
An immediate swell of love and affection and optimism, and all the nice, simple feelings he’d been looking for all this time.
Just –
“Well, if there’s anything you want to know…”
to explain every little bit of context - which would mean that Steve would
And was completely blindsided by shock.
“I’m going to be gone for like a minute, okay?” Tony told him warmly, leaning in a little closer. “I’m going to go get water. Okay?”
tone of voice.
By now, Steve was struggling to think of
” Steve groaned, deep in his chest, his fingers digging into his skin-
He could only process how to protect Tony from it, so quickly and in such depth that it blotted everything else out-
He would’ve had to phrase it so that Tony didn’t think Steve was in love with him, so that no one thought he was unsure or unfit to lead, so that he could still be ‘Captain America’ the next day.
think you’d care if I loved you. I knew you’d be mad about all the things I did, and all the damage it caused, but I didn’t think you’d…” he squeezed his eyes shut, and shook his head. “And then I read your letter, when you were apologising for the bunker, and you’d written
not to fight Steve the way he’d fought Obie –
He thought back to his mothers friends and his friends' mothers - newlyweds with young children and jobs at the hospital, who all dressed like this and wore their hair this way… They’d all seemed so grown up to him at the time. He’d never questioned that they knew who they were, that they knew what they were doing, that they knew as much about the world as any adult…
“Yeah, sorry, things are a bit of a mess,” he blushed - and Steve was very tempted to simply kiss him again, he was so very pretty… But he had also remembered that he
And, as it unfolded, he realised-
Every time that pleasure burst a little brighter, burned a little hotter – left a sharper need in its wake. Steve could feel it building in parts of him that had never been touched, pulsing deep inside him, beneath all the barriers he’d ever put up-
And, by now, Steve was simply going from one sentence to the next. He forgot to consider the context, as he let his mind unpack the last few words he’d heard…
to say something to Tony,” Bucky informed him, seriously. Steve pulled himself upright, reacting to a physical instinct - an immediate response to this topic of conversation… It felt as though it had sobered him up a little, although it probably hadn’t. It was really more of a shift in his mood than his level of capacity; a drunken panic in place of an artificial calm.
...Unfortunately, even
Someone that didn’t
But that ache in his body only grew, the longer he tried to ignore this revelation. Until these thoughts overwhelmed his resistance to them, and all the questions were right there in his head,
It was only afterwards that Tony thought to consider his suggestion as a
clearly.
was irrational, and wasn’t given any credence…
with me – because you think you have to. Not ever.”
But he was so close to getting through this now. He had his tiptoes on the ledge.
about that. I still should’ve thought about that side of things, rather than just discounting it, cos it wasn’t the bit
That all of this had actually made him feel more like himself
Steve’s eyes locked onto Tony as soon as he walked through the door, a look of pure,
feel badly about the sort of friend he’d been for twenty years, and he kind of thought it was right that he felt a little bit bad about it – that he actually acknowledged his mistakes, and cared about them, and remained motivated to change…
“So, just to be clear,” Bucky sighed. “Your job was to run in front of the building, to create a
And it was enough.
“What are they?” Someone asked for him, as Steve turned the flower under the light of the sun, entirely distracted by the shine on the petals…
“Yeah?”
Tony’s blood flashed hot as the sound of it, that phrase echoing through his head as Steve slowly filled him up.
Belatedly, Steve recognised the way they’d looked at him. The same subtle heaviness in the tone that Nat was using. They might not have been ‘waiting for him’, but they definitely wanted to talk to him… About something they’d discussed in advance, something they were building to-
“...And if someone has to do it, why not us?” Tony shrugged. “I mean, in theory.”
And he was furious at Howard. And he was furious that he couldn’t
Just that general
, if I’m honest…” Tony confessed.
since Steve left, which had felt frankly ridiculous. Lying poker straight on his mattress at 3am, not even remotely tired,
“Sometimes I wonder how that kid would’ve turned out… I mean, literally how I would’ve spoken, or reacted, or… Like, I
On the other hand, Steve did sound cold.
you think you can’t… And I’m sorry you never felt like you could do that, before, but you can, I don’t-”
“I swear to God, this is better.”
And Steve
All three of them froze in unison. Squinting against the sunlight, Tony did his best to survey the scene, from what was still quite a distance.
And Steve swore he could literally feel his heart break. Like his chest had caved in, and he was already dying. It was only the shock of it that stopped him from sobbing-
asked me to see him. It wasn’t like she just said,
here to…experience this part of,
He still wouldn’t have mentioned his father to Steve, even though they were both aware of the connection.
But Steve dropped his head instead, nuzzling determinedly at Tony’s neck until Tony tilted his chin up - so that he could suck a long, slow kiss to the column of his throat.
His cock throbbed painfully against the front of his jeans, as though to remind him,
okay?” Nat enquired thoughtfully, pulling Tony part way out of his own head.
heard that word recently,” Tony explained. “But I’m sure that wasn’t it…” As he always did with questions that he couldn’t immediately answer, Tony turned to Jarvis, “J, why do I know that name?”
“Computer, override scheduling and administer dose three of Tabula Rasa” Adam announced, looking up at the ceiling.
Tony could feel how close he was. In a burst of inspiration, he shifted his weight, taking his hand away so that he could move down Steve’s body. Steve keened in protest, his hands reaching blindly for Tony’s shoulders as Tony straddled his legs.
stage in his life, if he’d only known. And then he glanced up at Tony again. “You know… you’re not the only one bringing their own issues into this.”
A part of him that burned with bitter smugness, as he watched Nick mindlessly lift his head-
was good…
And Steve looked at him for a moment, obviously weighing the options up.
“…I’m not saying we
And then his phone rang.
have apologised for those mistakes and it was fair enough to have said so… He
That surge of adrenaline when there was nothing to lose except all the things you could’ve gained, that pure and passionate hope for one particular outcome. It felt immediate, and real-
a primal reaction to Steve’s blood – but that didn’t turn Tony into an animal.
That Steve was the
Century, and hadn’t known whether to panic about the strange new world he was in or grieve the death of every single person he’d ever known – and in the end he hadn’t gotten to do either, because a Norse God had stolen the Tesseract and New York was full of aliens. And he had been brought in specifically to deal with that threat, he was there to
He could still feel all those words, hanging in the air. He knew that Tony must be thinking about Siberia, as much as he was. And Steve could just imagine
Tony peppered his collarbone and shoulders with the same hot, soft kisses, his hands sliding over Steve’s body until they found their way to his waist. Tony held him there, his thumbs teasing over the top of Steve’s waistband, as he moved to kiss his way down the centre of Steve’s chest. He heard Steve’s breathing get higher and faster as he moved down Steve’s stomach, until it broke into a desperate
you calling me?” Came out flat and fatigued – more disappointed than angry. He heard another breath, slower and more deliberate, and he could so clearly picture Steve’s face. That punctured optimism, with just a little hint of temper…
“I don’t know” Tony sat up straighter and shook his head, equally baffled. “I mean, either she being enslaved by other Varians, in which case why not just tell us? Or she’s one of the people doing the enslaving, and that
“They- they sent a note, saying that they weren’t going to pay me and not to talk to anyone about it - it’s in the desk!” Wesley remembered, pointing frantically towards the corner of the room. “You-you can have it, take it, just take it.”
The physical desperation for it spiked in exactly the way Tony had been expecting, his mouth watering and his stomach clenching as his body swallowed greedily, outside of his control-
“There are drugs in the
…Probably.
He couldn’t see why Tony would forgive him, either way he did it…
By the time he recognised himself he was just too many tears in, his breathing already hitching under the weight of it, the pressure already past the tipping point-
When Steve and Bucky arrived for their seventh appointment, the lab was a mess.
the specific little smile, and then the look in Steve’s eyes…
had ever looked as beautiful as Steve did, just then. His lips looked so full and soft when he was sleeping, almost smiling. He had the sheets curled into the fingers of one hand… perfect, strong hands…
Oh yeah, now Tony remembered…
occur to Steve that he should argue that. Point out that it was a lovely gesture, and a wonderful surprise, however rich Tony was…
“Colonel Rhodes said what?” He groaned, rubbing his eyes.
And he remembered Tony smiling at him, as the elevator doors closed.
“It’s okay.” Steve told her again. And she nodded, heavily, and stood up. Steve stood up too, of course, to walk her to the door. And then, at the last minute, a final thought occurred to her.
that he couldn’t hold people responsible for crimes they hadn’t committed, or give them credit for achievements they never made - even as he decided that he’d have to treat each person as he found them.
He could feel it.
He knew he’d already thought about this.
this, or even just feel like he did… Would Tony be forcing some horrible, unknowable risk onto Steve, if he ever let a personal argument disrupt this physical exchange?
that Steve won’t sign the Accords – we can’t even be annoyed at him for the
For a moment they just held one another, joined in this moment of quiet closeness - and Steve knew, whatever happened now, he would always have a truly perfect moment to hold on to.
Enough that it could blot out all the usual noise entirely… but with something light, and easy, and pure.
And then, as though in a flare of temper, he shot Wanda a knowing look.
like any other relationship on earth. Ever. And, to begin with, I think I was scared to believe you
“Oh, yeah…” Tony frowned, sweeping his eyes over the flawless lines of his kitchen. “I forget where it is…”
he admonished himself,
And he felt Steve’s rhythm stutter just slightly – his fingers still working Tony open as his other hand pulled his cock free of his jeans-
want to talk about… you know, any of that stuff…” Tony went on, his voice sounding tighter and tighter with every word. “I mean, I’m sure there are a thousand people it would be better to talk to, and honestly, I’d probably be no good in that situation at all, but I just mean – I wouldn’t mind trying, if… I just mean that you don’t have to pretend that stuff
“Hey, I promised you terrible food done well-”
“Also, I’ve probably left some sort of tech there…” Tony mused, obviously still thinking about what had happened in this room rather than anything they might have left in theirs.
look… visceral, almost
And Steve couldn’t remember now what part of that process he’d reached, when he’d paused in the stairway to think about where the hell he was… But he decided to skip to the end.
Maybe that burst of inspiration, the idea that maybe he
“Good,” Tony smiled back. “The other thing is, I’m going to need to know about the composition and pressure of your spinal fluid. The simplest way of getting that is a lumbar puncture – but those are painful. Lots of people don’t like those. The other option is to let JARVIS do a scan – but that involves sitting in a machine, a bit like an MRI machine, for about forty-five minutes. I mean, it’s not
meeting you halfway, and how much that
Steve had a chance of nipping Hydra in the bud…
And Steve felt that as an instant, innate sense of
Steve’s mind went completely blank.
He tried to beg again, but could only manage a truly whorish moan, still trying to roll his hips against Tony’s hand-
to do, no way you can possibly spoil this, or let me down. You know that, don’t you?” And he fixed Steve with a sincere look, his features briefly hardening into a more serious expression.
Varians behind it.” Steve added. And Tony just sighed,
“I mean, unless Operation Rebirth was much more interesting than my dad said it was…” he joked - with the slightest hint of a question in there somewhere. Like he was trying to prompt Steve to speak.
gifts, to be distributed as the evening went on - the second of which was one of the bottles of Asgardian liquor that Thor had left at the Tower. And even that wasn’t enough to overcome Steve’s super soldier metabolism completely; it would have taken the whole bottle for Steve to feel anything close to
He held his breath, and side-stepped his way between the two bins, the heat radiating off of the metal on either side of him. He paused, straining to listen for any sign that there were guards nearby, but all he could hear were the sounds of Sam and Bucky’s laboured breathing. And then he steadied himself, and took the very briefest glimpse around the side of the dumpster, first looking to his left, in the direction of the front entrance. He just about caught sight of the corner of the building, but no guards… Which wasn’t much comfort, seeing as he
“But will you remember this the next time I have to argue with you?” Pepper breezed, and Tony laughed again.
Even though, when he thought about Steve’s behaviour in general for the best part of a decade… He should have
But Steve would have liked the chance to do so many things that even time travel couldn’t make possible - and he was finally starting to make his peace with that.
He caught Steve’s gaze as settled himself between Steve’s legs and pushed up against his rim - and kept it, pointedly, as he pushed inside him, and slowly filled him up.
It would’ve been easy to get distracted by that.
“Sorry,” Tony smiled, turning to address Bucky directly. “This has nothing to do with what you’re here for.”
Or already submerged, deep at the bottom of the sea, his heart pounding heavily all around him…
They really
“Oooh, someone just said that,” Nat remembered, cheerfully.
That, no matter what else he worked out, no matter how healthy or strong he felt… he could never be
...He
you go back to doing this,” Rhodey gestured to the chaos of the workshop. “Except, this time – it’s after an interesting, funny conversation.”
And all of that would worry him usually. He knew that.
” She squinted at him-
But, of course, he couldn’t get carried away with that, because they had to decide on phase two.
This chapter makes a reference to the holocaust, as something Steve has seen that has changed his view of the world. There are no actual details or specific memories discussed.
annoyed that, for me,
…Steve had always known that faithfulness was simply an expression of one type of love. Not the only type of love, not the type that was best for everyone… But the type Steve wanted. And Steve had always known that, for it to have any value
“Well, for what it’s worth, I’d not really thought about how hard it is to write a letter,” Tony mumbled… He didn’t know why he’d said that, either. “I mean, it’s been forty years since any normal person did that…”
It was very well timed, though he did say so himself.
“Ah, well Torriatte flowers are one of the most common inebriants used in your universe - although, not on your home planet, I gather?” She raised her eyebrows, and Steve shook his head obligingly. “Well, they have a number of different applications, depending on the variety. Some are used to treat mental trauma, or to prepare people for surgery. Some milder strains are treated as food products for social events. Some are purely recreational,” her smile warmed a little at that.
“Right, yeah, maybe” Tony nodded – because she had shared that particular pearl of wisdom
And then Steve broke away to gasp for air, his body still writhing against Tony, his hand still caressing roughly into his skin – and Tony just wanted to keep kissing him, that was all. He was already completely lost in this moment, so totally and utterly focused on this need for Steve-
Tony raised his eyebrows,
God, no. Tony felt sick at the thought. He’d
Steve sat down at the edge of the pool and let his legs fall into the water, kicking his feet like an excited kid. The breeze was warm and soft against his skin, carrying the scent of chlorine and jasmine and salt from the ocean. He took a long, slow breath, savouring the taste of it-
run his hands through Tony’s hair again, and feel Tony’s hands pressed hard and desperate against his back, and feel Tony’s lips pressed to his neck-
That tiny little crack in Tony’s breathing had been enough to shatter the last of Steve’s resolve. Whatever reassurance Rhodey had been right in the middle of making just disappeared from Steve’s head, his attention suddenly focused
“But that’s probably not the priority, right now. So.”
Steve was halfway between the fourteen and fifteenth floor of the Tower, foot already raised to take his next step, when it occurred to him that he didn’t have the first clue where he was going.
And with that, Steve stood up again. He straightened his back and rolled his shoulders nonchalantly, before he glanced down at Nick, and smiled.
thing to do…
“Yeah, well, now you know how
And in the most basic calculation Steve had ever done in his life, he worked out that it was probably better to try to prepare Tony than himself, that he’d fucked Tony a few hours ago and that might help, that…
you,” Tony whispered, hot against Steve’s ear, his movements dragging waves of friction up through Steve’s hips.
And maybe, underneath it all, the simple human excitement of giving into a taboo - although, of course, he’d forgotten all about his human insecurities and assumptions.
to say all these things to Steve. “Everything about you is beautiful. Just looking at you, being with you, makes everything beautiful… safe, and happy, and
, they would unite in celebration of such an act – and in planning to make the most of it. Then, they would work together to build a new world…”
Steve was too overwhelmed to know how he knew, but he did-
That not-unpleasant emptiness began to form in some unknown place inside him, that yearning to be
So he just stopped, and tugged Tony close to him again, and Tony let go of a surprised little laugh as Steve pressed him up against the nearest wall and kissed him hard. And Tony smiled against his lips, and threw his arms around him, affectionate and playful. Warm, and natural, and… his.
The first thing that Steve saw when he started scanning those files were rows and rows of medical readings, familiar looking graphs, and anatomical terms he recognised.
the one’s you rant at, sometimes. They’re the people who get to hear you say ‘I hate everyone’ or ‘no one listens to me’ or ‘that’s the last time I bother’. Because
And, in a burst of enlightenment, Steve suddenly understood exactly what it meant...
He leant over the basin, a cold sweat breaking out on his forehead as he willed himself not to be sick. Hand shaking, he reached out and turned the tap on full blast, washing the blood away. Trying to focus on the smell of fresh water and the sharp flecks of the spray on his face.
Steve’s entire body was still so sensitive that he flinched at that lightest of touches, tightening painfully around that one point of contact.
made Tony feel terrible - because it wasn’t as though Pepper expected anything unreasonable.
“Bubble gum” Steve thought aloud. “…Or Raspberry.”
Steve just smiled at that, as he added a sprinkle of sugar and a dash of soy sauce. And then Tony carried on, thoughtfully,
But, maybe just a little more angst before we get there...?
And then Steve thrust into him,
Tony was still delighted by how happy Steve looked, every time he said it - and he’d said it a few times, since yesterday. He
to hold on to.
that this whole thing isn’t just… wrong, and evil and dangerous – that means I have to
Partly, of course, it was his personal habit of running headfirst into any perceived threat. The very fact that he was nervous irritated him, made him want to
And yet here he was, just… Thinking about it.
And yet.
“It’s okay,” Steve breathed a shy laugh. “I drank the water in the end. I remember that bit. The, uh,
There would almost certainly be more stairs elsewhere in the building.
Then a cold pang of regret managed to crack its way into the fear.
his life, understanding what he’d been looking at all this time. It was like he’d been agonising over a puzzle for twenty years only to realise it was upside down. This one burst of revelation had made sense of a thousand impossible questions. Things that were once so complicated and unfixable seemed to just fall into place, forming an obvious pattern, a self-balancing equation.
Steve had really hoped to give him at least a few minutes with all these revelations, before he had to hit him with the truth about his parents death. He would have liked to have told Tony about the nicer parts of their history, and the friendship they had, before he got to their violent separation. Steve would have preferred to have at least explained about the Accords, and political climate they were made in - if only because it would make it easier to tell the real story, if Tony was already familiar with the setting…
are you planning on doing that?” Bucky asked, sounding unimpressed. “You can’t just jump out there and do the hula - this isn’t the Lion King.”
He had to pause to catch his breath, swallowing his heartbeat down before he carried on,
“Oh, God, Tony, you have no idea – Jesus-” Steve stammered, his hands stroking roughly under Tony’s robe as he rutted against him.
…And Tony could
And then he felt Tony’s lips soften against his, and the shiver that ran down Steve’s spine was so tender that he simply melted into it. His grip loosened into a caress, slowly working down Tony’s arms, bringing him as close as he could in this slightly awkward side-by-side position on the couch. For a few seconds there was nothing but this warm, buzzing dizziness and the rapid thud of his heartbeat-
that Steve had killed himself to protect the world from it… he felt as though every one of those people had dismissed his intelligence and invalidated his sacrifice, every single time they’d clocked in for a shift.
billionaire on earth is the missionary position with the wife in public. You can look at this place and think that maybe they’re all enjoying the particular experience now, fine. But you have to wonder what put them
He didn’t know what any part of that meant, anymore.
So, another meaningless quip it was.
“Jesus fuck Steve, oh my God…” Tony panted, the aftershocks still shuddering through him. He could feel Steve’s mouth, still moving against him, swallowing – and Jesus, the thought of that-
“So, there’s a working truth serum on earth, now?” He asked, like he knew he’d drifted off topic, but he just wanted to know.
you loved me?”
All those things he dreamed of doing,
he was just trying to earn Tony’s trust back. That he had to prove to Tony that he wasn’t as bad as that outcome had made it seem. He’d thought he was supposed to be slowly rebuilding this team. And now he thought of Tony being
be nothing he could do.
How it might’ve been different, if he hadn’t been forced to be ‘the guy in the spangly outfit’ at all.
“You are
… But compulsive, certainly. Liberating...
me what this secret project is” Tony told her, confidently. “I’m going to be getting him to tell me what I need to know, to work it out for myself.”
Another part of Steve was so impressed by Tony’s control in this situation, by how considerate and careful he was being – when part of Steve loved Tony so much, for every part of this.
If he moved quickly enough-
...Steve could feel Tony’s breath on his neck.
story. But it would have to wait. “So, they’re going to handle the Mallamen’s – they know who they’re turning them over to.”
Slowly, it had dawned on him that they’d won.
They came into the main hall at the top of a huge, ornate staircase, which meant they were met with a panoramic view of the entire room. And before Tony could consider any part of the décor, it struck him just how different the atmosphere was – how much more
And suddenly Tony had just felt like a lovestruck teenager…
true. If he’d stopped to think about it for longer, he’d have remembered all the other things that scared him –
Steve felt an inch of relief as he registered how much sense that made. That it did explain this strange feeling of purely physical weakness-
And Steve just watched it all happening, like he might’ve watched strangers chatting at the bus stop, to pass the time…
tried to ‘take down’ The Accords. I wasn’t on a mission to
He hated watching the sun-rise.
This was simply the thought that started it all in motion,
“Experiment parties?” Steve repeated, a concerned frown on his face.
took a sharp little breath, as Tony finally made contact with the wall - which was, objectively speaking, rather endearing.
“I don’t have time to explain. Steve is in trouble.
only have one side of the story,” he corrected. “You have
…It hadn’t even been his strength as a vampire that allowed him to intervene.
And Tony just smiled. An understanding…
so powerful that he couldn’t breathe.
But Tony just held his palm firm against Steve’s skin, and whispered over and over that it was okay, as Steve struggled to get his faculties under some sort of control.
Now, Tony
He felt Tony move against him, a little whimper falling over his lips as he clenched around Steve’s cock. A fresh shiver ran through Steve’s muscles, every nerve in his body lighting up-
And he
“I will love you and look after you for as long as I live,” Steve breathed, letting his forehead rest against Tony’s.
Whether it was an attempt to redress that, or a desperation to think about anything
“I feel like I just won a Stark in an arcade game,” Bucky muttered, as Tony collapsed in a cross legged position… right next to Steve…
he was cleaning as his mind ran away from him…
And, actually, for the time being, it could all wait – mainly because he wanted so much to hold Tony right now.
turn up…”
He could hear Tony whispering to him, reassurances and endearments and praise that echoed in and out of reality
It wasn’t so much that it brought Steve to his senses, but it vaguely reminded him what ‘his senses’ were. That a whole world existed outside of the reality of this moment, that there were simple worries and human reactions he’d had about things, at one point.
Also, if anyone has any suggestions for how to accurately tag for any issues that are discussed in this fic, please just let me know. I'm trying to include everything without being misleading, and all opinions are welcomed.
“Wait, why?” Rhodey interrupted. “Why would you be avoiding him if you’re not mad anymore?”
“How do you know it isn’t that office?” Pepper asked, engaged and alert now.
If he wanted to ask Tony to go with him to an event, or if he had any advice on a personal problem, or if he just wanted a hug-
“Shall I open the main entrance, sir?” JARVIS enquired, a little hint of caution in his voice. Tony swallowed hard before he answered.
And, to be honest, it was the only item on this overwhelming list of problems that Steve felt capable of addressing. The
decided to think about it for myself, I might’ve seen their point, back then… But it never occurred to me that there was anything to think about. That there was even an option…” And then he focused his gaze on Tony, melting into a more knowing smile when he added, “and then I think of you… Nick, and Coulson, and
“...No.” Steve replied, bluntly. Figaro flashed a lazy smile.
Then he
- not for as long as Tony still had that nervous look in his eyes.
Steve woke up - or, really, ‘regained consciousness’ - a few hours later, feeling slightly disoriented and thirsty… and sticky… Blinking against the artificial light in the room, he finally recognised that he wasn’t in his own bed... That he didn’t know this place...
And then Steve leant into him, and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, trying to draw him closer.
been thinking…
to care… y’know, if he was ‘getting over’ Steve, and all that...
He was so touched that Steve had gone to so much effort.
“Go on,” Steve grinned.
important than you are.”
A part of him that was still so lost and lonely in this new world, so worn down by all these trials and traumas, so desperate for any chance of happiness-
Falling in love with him at first sight, all over again.
He thought of a world in which he could’ve made that observation. He wondered how many individual steps it would take, to reach a place where he could ask Steve about his relationship, and understand the answers, and have them mean anything. A place where he could have a casual conversation, and feel only the regular human emotions, and not be fighting a thousand neurological battles at the same time.
Chained down,
But it hadn’t been hard to start thinking that way.
And then Steve thrust into him, sharp and shallow, and then there were no thoughts in Tony’s head at all.
“You are so strong…” Tony murmured close to his skin, peppering kisses along Steve’s shoulders in between endearments. “You’ve carried so much, so bravely…”
. A better world for him to live it in.
“...Are we going to dinner?”
“I am trying.” Tony answered so seriously, Steve
Steve didn’t know why, but it did.
Steve, meanwhile, was pacing around the gym, throwing a tennis ball against the walls with increasing force. He
good…” Tony breathed, rocking into him very gently “So good for me…”
“Fuck, good, so good, fuck, yes,
of him,
Steve groaned at him, affectionately – suddenly glad of the change in conversation.
Steve growl, that same thrilling, feral sound that he’d forced himself to ignore so many times… It burned through him now, rolling up through his ribs and trembling through his muscles, soaking into him…
, then – and I’ve been mad at you for not trusting me-”
Steve could see the personal guilt that he carried, the embarrassment in front of himself. He just knew that Dr Stape was more interested in explaining himself than he was in appeasing either of them.
“I mean… I could even put up with it again, if you’re still feeling a little tense…”
“No, it’s okay,” Bucky answers, for no other reason than it
I love you, or if its because of your blood, or some entirely separate… vampire… imprinting, thing, that just so happened to work out really well for me. I don’t have the data to tell you where that other thing comes from. But I do know that it’s there now. Explaining it is going to take some work. But
But he didn’t want to risk being spotted by SHIELD, just yet.
“Well, it worked, if that helps,” Bucky mumbled - and then kicked himself, and made a note to leave the talking to Sam.
They both exclaimed an awkward little
should have to deal with this shit…”
It was an entirely different thing.
You had the
(there is considerably more smut in the latter part of the story.)
how it all went that horribly…” And, God, he didn’t know if he was doing any of this right…
A pleasant, comfortable confidence began to ease into his muscles - which only wavered slightly when he raised his head, and caught sight of the serial number again…
the skin growing pink and shiny over the wound.
going to be good.
Steve whispered, still an edge of urgency on his tone, even as he tried to soothe him – which was, without a doubt, the
Steve let himself grin at that one.
The world had forgiven Steve and his team, since Thanos. Knowing how close they’d come to being turned to dust had given the politicians a sense of perspective – and an electorate that loved The Avengers again, at least for a little while. And, on paper, Tony had forgiven them too. Officially speaking, they’d buried the hatchet. They were working as a team again. Everything was okay now.
been important.
complete, and calm, and happy.
Steve came with a wordless shout, pulling Tony’s hair into a fist as his hips snapped up against his mouth. Tony swallowed hungrily, sucking against Steve’s skin as the aftershocks shuddered through him, dragging that sensation up from the bottom of Steve’s spine.
But in the nicest way. In such a harmless, human,
“Well, I
than that – it’s the fact that,
Sometimes he was just… sad.
?” He glared at Sam again, a more frantic questioning expression on his face,
Screw the car. He didn’t care if he
“Why is the floor covered in flowers?”
And he looked for a reason not to comply, and there just wasn’t anything there.
And there was Tony.
...Because Steve was in love with him.
Maybe everything would be better.
“Whatever is going on, the staff are evacuating,” Steve added, cautiously. “And it looks like they’re all running for the main entrance.”
He never wanted this to stop-
The relief and excitement of that – the fundamental
seen them…
“And I know that’s probably just because I’m a pathetic recluse, and any shrink would warn you I was likely to fixate…” Tony carried on, his voice coming to him a little more comfortably. “Or, I don’t know, maybe it
control of him. Moments when all authority and responsibility shifted onto Tony’s shoulders, moments when Steve’s burdens were just taken from him… This natural process, this physical and neurological reaction that they both seemed to have, whenever Steve really needed it – and
Until Tony pressed his fingers firm against Steve’s rim.
That’s why he had all of these sketches-
“...If we do this - if you’re going to actually be my boyfriend… Then you have to let me be your boyfriend,” Tony said, more seriously. Steve, whose heart had hiccupped at the mention of the word, could only wait for him to continue, “the thing that finally made me believe this could work is the fact that you opened up to me. I just need to know that
Bucky feels as though he knows that voice.
“Do I have to
For one whole minute, the world was silent. Every thought in Steve’s head fell into an overwhelmed lull, all awareness of the rest of the world faded out of focus - even the incessant beating in his ears had disappeared, as though his heart had fallen into that same awestruck stillness.
But, somewhere, ever since he was a little boy, he’d just had the feeling that there was something…
“So glad we did this,” Tony hummed. “Turns out, I like this very much…”
times now. He watched the two of them until they were out of sight, mainly to put of looking at Steve for as long as he could.
Shocked at just how intensely and immediately it affected him.
“I just meant, uh… I’m not saying I wasn’t completely drug fucked, I was… But I still feel like I knew exactly what I was doing, and it was exactly what I’ve always wanted to do. And, I know that might not be true of you, or, I don’t know, half true, or-”
Clearly, whatever ‘folk dancing’ was in this part of the galaxy, it was bombastic and vocal - and extremely competitive.
And Tony was beginning to remember that it should bother him – that there was something historically concerning about the idea of Steve asking Tony to bite him-
…Actually, it might not be that bad.
. Because he just couldn’t help himself, apparently. “So, I’ll arrange that when I get back-”
To recognise that –
“Look, if you don’t want my opinion, don’t bring me into it,” Rhodey asserted coldly. “You want to bring up my feelings about Tony, then I’ll say a few things.”
part of things required more vulnerability from him - more
“Yeah, sure, no rush,” Tony failed spectacularly at his attempt to be nonchalant.
He was, in the first instance, completely overwhelmed by the sheer devastating pleasure of that bite.
“Because I
was never in the habit of trying to unassemble and over-analyse and rationalise the thoughts that frightened him-
“You’re not being concerned and protective now, are you Tony?” Steve teased, unable to contain the burst of affection. Even in this light, he could see Tony blushing.
…Objectively speaking, Tony was right.
It meant putting his heart out there enough to hope in the first place
“You’re in Bulsara,” Scaramouche repeated, brightly.
to find compromises and… And I remember thinking, at the time, that
consent to this. Tony didn’t know how this process was affecting his
“And it’s not a big deal, is it?” Steve asserted. “You can just say that, and it’s not a big deal, because obviously you think she’s beautiful, because she is beautiful, and no one would even blink if you said it. But if I’d ever said it about you, it would have been
there, just under the surface of Tony’s thoughtful expression.
Well, Tony hadn’t been expecting
stop calling it that...
He stood aside, and let her walk into the room before he spoke.
No matter how hard Steve clawed at him, or how hard he tried to pull him closer, or how hungrily he kissed him…
“I know this means opening myself up, in a whole new way. And I know it means giving more of myself than I knew I had to give, and I know it means taking a lot of faith and some on hope and taking a risk… I’ve made that choice before. When I took the serum, when I brought down SHIELD… I know what it is, to take a risk. And, in my – you have to admit, extensive – experience of weighing up impossible, life changing decisions… Sometimes you’ve got to face the fact that the risk of missing out, of doing nothing, is so much worse. That you’re always going to regret doing nothing, more than whatever crazy thing you’re about to do… So, yeah, I know there are some unknowns, and I’m taking some stuff on faith… But I can honestly say I have never been as sure about anything, or as excited about anything, as I am about this,” and he reached forward and took Tony’s hand. “I
But, for now, thinking about all the horrible things that might’ve happened just made Steve even more excited about how things had actually worked out.
…So, they could rely on one strong arm between the two of them.
so much.
“...He’s out, right now,” Tony tells him, in an apologetic tone. “He hates being out when you wake up, but there was this whole big thing…” he screws up his face, and waves the sentence away,
That he knew Steve liked him.
…Not,
Tony was leaving him
When he gasped for air then it tasted sweet. A dizzy sort of elation thrummed through him along with the rush of oxygen, an immediate desire to keep chasing this, to feel more of this…
, really – I think the project you’re working on with Rogers and Barnes is the most important thing on the Avengers agenda, at present.”
And then he glanced up, and saw that Bucky had him fixed with a wry look, one eyebrow raised.
“You do nice things for people all the time without telling anyone” Steve reminded him, his voice far too casual for what he’d just said.
The anticipation built up in his chest, pushing up against his ribs, until it was almost unbearable-
he was that someone had mentioned his mother, for once…
…But, if he was careful, he might be able to get between Stape and Bucky, at least.
he mean ‘annoying’? Steve wasn’t sure that Stark was
He let Steve take his weight as he stepped out of the shower. He indulged in that held feeling, as Steve wrapped a towel around his shoulders, and pulled him in. By the time they made it into the living room again, Tony was having more difficulty walking in a straight line than he had when he was on drugs.
…when they got back to
that Tony’s hostility was different now to what Steve had perceived in the first timeline. That there was an aggression, a pointed nastiness even, that Steve hadn’t seen from him before…
“Steve-”
He could hear Tony’s heart beating…
– but not objectified. He knew that everything Tony was doing right now was for himself, that he was entirely beyond thinking about Steve’s experience, that this was all just an expression of his own desperation… And Steve knew it was
Breaking down into a low, pleading moan as he came hard in Tony’s mouth.
And then Steve shifted, and tilted Tony’s head upwards to
seen it… and he’d mistaken it for anger, and a sense of injustice, and he’d waited for it to pass. He’d been waiting until Tony was less annoyed, thinking it’d all be easier then… Not realising it could only ever mean that Tony had stopped bothering to show him…
Instead of which, he skipped straight to the weary groan, and a muttered,
By the time they reached the top of the stairs, Steve was actually smiling.
Steve chastened himself for the little stirring of optimism, every bit as much as he had his stab of disappointment.
He thought about talking to Tony in the same way as he might to Sam or Bucky or Nat - and before he even worked out how that was, Steve knew it was ridiculous to think of being the same with Tony.
It took all of Steve’s strength not to groan in relief.
And then Tony crawled over the top of him, and kissed his lips very softly. A comforting warmth closed around him, like a heavy blanket…
– and it all just came out as a babbled collection of whimpered sounds.
It was, as always, a beautiful evening in Wakanda. The air was warm and soft and full of the sound of laughter, throbbing with the low bass of the music being played in the palace. Inside, hundreds of people were drinking and dancing and throwing their arms around one another, still high on the elation of their victory against Thanos -
maddeningly close to where Steve needed him. His entire body flinched into it, a low bark of frustration breaking from deep in his chest, before he finally managed to form another word,
Tony felt like he’d been
Steve just slumped into a puddle, defeated.
Tony felt Steve’s breath catch, as he ran his tongue the length of his cock, slowly-
Of course, it was no comfort whatsoever to have finally worked out how he felt about Tony. Maybe it would have been, on any other night. As awkward and difficult and destined for heartbreak as it undoubtedly was, on any other night it might’ve at least helped Steve make sense of some things…
“Huh, that’s interesting,” Tony muttered under his breath, squinting at the joint at the top of Bucky’s shoulder. “Dr…Stape, was it? The ‘leading neurologist’? Did he install any actual hardware when he worked on your arm?”
And what else
But, as much as he would like to, he’d finally accepted that he couldn’t blame Steve for that.
Although, if he’d been less consumed by that, Steve would probably have realised that… Bucky gave up on that
Jesus, he actually felt light on his feet. And slightly dizzy, and a little breathless, and – all those things they talked about in classic romances. Steve hadn’t thought that people
“Ah. Well.” And then he sighed,
relax, just a little, even in the middle of combat. That not every moment can be a priority, when your whole life is made up of priority moments. That, actually, you need to leave somewhere for yourself to go, when the big moment really came.
said he was perfect – that he never even brought himself into it when he was trying to get people to go along with him.
And then Steve looked up at him, his gaze sharpening, whatever tension he could muster gathering towards Tony-
…Was it
And Tony remembered the spirit of what he wanted to ask him, even if he couldn’t quite find the words yet… He felt pretty confident of what he wanted to say, as he gestured for Steve’s attention, and took a step closer…
Tony knew that Steve was capable of literally punching a Chitauri Soldier in half - and he didn’t think that Steve had been anywhere near as angry or as focused as this, in the battle of New York.
Steve nodded, enthusiastically.
For a start, he was full. For possibly the first time ever, that gnawing background hunger just wasn’t there. Nothing ached, nothing hurt. He probably wouldn’t
For them to hear the way he could make Tony moan…
Actually, not only is Steve on drugs, but he is somewhat forced into ranting in the first place and in a (not unreasonable) temper... so, please remember that this is not intended to be a rational precis of his point of view, any more than previous outbursts have been entirely accurate interpretations of Tony's frame of mind. I think he has some good points here - but, yeah, the more balanced assessment of those will come in the next update.
He felt as though he’d just remembered something terrible… but he didn’t know what it was.
The intense satisfaction of giving Steve what he needed, feeling Steve let go of that agony and fall into such honest, animalistic joy-
Even though Tony had taken two steps forward now, even when the sunlight fell over his face… still, there was just that tingle of excitement…
Steve flinched into it, his breath catching in a quiet
“Hi,” he giggled.
It wasn’t so much that he didn’t know how he felt, as that he felt literally everything.
In the grand scheme of things, it didn’t seem like that big an alteration to make to a timeline - not compared to letting Loki get away with the Tesseract, or stealing the Pym Particle in the 1970s. But now Steve found himself musing about the way that little change might’ve rippled into something bigger. What would’ve happened, if he hadn’t been quite so thrown by Tony’s ‘
“Jesus
Cut short, when Tony slammed into him
He could so easily imagine the two of them sitting side by side in some nursing home, seventy years from now, and him still being interested in everything she had to say. He could believe he would be learning from her sage advice until he died, that he would enjoy so many of the wonderful things he wanted to do for her, that he’d never tire of watching her smile. He knew he would beam with pride at everything she was sure to achieve, and never stop being amazed by each new limit she broke…
And then their eyes met again, and Steve realised that this was as close as he’d come to touching Tony in so long-
Well, it wasn’t a bad idea. It even helped to calm his thoughts a little, while he focused on the individual tasks of finding a towel, and setting the water to the right temperature, and undressing…
And when Tony kissed him again, Steve didn’t just melt into it – he kissed Tony back, desperately,
...Watching him bleed out on that floor, the way he did in Steve’s nightmares-
“You know, even if we had, I’d still love you. And, if you’d lost your temper and said something you didn’t mean, I wouldn’t hold that against you or let it change how I saw you… not anymore, anyway. And if you really do want to be with me after this, then it probably won’t be perfect all the time – but that’s okay, Steve. You don’t have to live in fear of the next time you make a mistake, or the day I find out that your ideology isn’t absolute, or any of that. Not anymore.”
“Well, you are,” he explains. “Your name is James Buchanan Barnes, but everyone calls you Bucky. Do you remember?”
“I’m Tony Stark,” he answered, and then glanced at Nat. “We spoke on the phone.”
mark the first decision Steve had made purely for himself in nearly a hundred years. Modest though it may have been, it was the first choice that was made on the strength of his own emotions, rather than in blind defiance of them.
with him.
“Thank you,” he smiled, his stomach twisting pleasantly at the little flicker of recognition in Tony’s eyes.
a bigger deal than I think it is… It’s the first thing I think of, when I wonder if we’re a war like people – do you ever wonder that? You know how Thor talks about whole planets as being peaceful, or warlike… do you ever think that human beings are actually one of the spiteful, selfish races, that we’re just wasting our whole lives to stop the Daleks killing each other?”
But he didn’t know any of that, did he? He’d be an idiot, to ever think he did.
...Which, at last, led Steve to thinking about how unnerving the whole situation
he is.
...That didn’t exactly mean he was looking forward to it, though.
The smile Steve gave him when they saw each other in team meetings.
“I understand, you will have lots of questions - and, when you’re feeling more acclimatised, everything will be explained in full, I promise.”
...He told himself that there was nothing more to this reaction.
Because, okay, Tony
And Tony didn’t want that anyway. Not right now. He’d reached that particular stage of melancholy where he didn’t
He braced for Tony to glare at him, or demand an explanation… But Tony just considered him for a second, with that same thoughtful affect.
talking “For the things I did, and the way I treated you, and so many of the choices I made. I should have told you about your parents, right from the start. I wish I’d called you after Bucky broke out of the compound. I’m sorry for so many of the things I did, and said, when I was in a panic of my own making. I
permission to…
It suddenly occurred to Steve that, in all the time they’d been on this alien planet, this was the first non-human he’d seen. Well, that he’d known… Everyone they’d spoken to so far was completely fluent in the language of 21
And he
of all places. And they still didn’t even know what The Facility might use that distraction to do. Kidnap them. Kill them. Yes, maybe even end the world.
He couldn’t say it, he just couldn’t.
want?” Steve went on, managing to sound firm and fragile at the same time.
“Our kids think we’re meditating at a Tibetan monastery” Vanessa laughed. “Honestly, they’re so self-centred, they barely ask about it – they
Oh, God, Steve might be
“But we can’t do it like this,” Steve answered softly - gazing longingly at Tony’s throat, even as he said it, “I’d have to be sure I knew what I was doing… I can’t hurt you. I’d never hurt you. And we have to talk about that first… I have to
“You like helping,” Steve said, eventually. Tony couldn’t quite tell whether it was a question or not.
Completely unable to comprehend just how fucking hot that was
say that name. It was a laugh of recognition, and nostalgia, a laugh for no other reason than,
of Tony, right there – without the blanket of noise around them.
He glanced up at Sam, who was still looking at him with such genuine concern, and he wondered what would happen if he were to really let go, now…
“But he did kiss you back?” Rhodey cut in, suddenly sounding like an excited high schooler.
Steve knew this feeling.
Just as soon as Steve said so.
The thing that Steve hadn’t even realised he’d so wanted to say, to someone, to
This was the
just going crazy - or had fallen victim to some entirely separate curse, let’s not show research bias - but
that Tony would know…
And then he felt Tony squeeze his hand gently, and Steve was suddenly so
But there was no personal interest in meeting a former version of Quill or Nebula, neither of whom Steve knew very well, and there was no greater excitement about seeing this version of Rhodey than the one he expected to be around for the rest of his life.
he’d even…
urge to do that one simple thing-
“Hush,” he said, a playful warning tone to his voice. “
to the motion of it in the most basic, primal way, his hips working up against Tony’s lips, pulling Tony’s hair.
“Excuse me?”
“And I must apologise for that,” Scaramouche answered him, not sounding especially sorry. “Unfortunately, your realm is
” Tony keened, breaking down into a howling moan as Steve sucked a deep, bruising kiss an inch above his waistband. His hips tried to jump upwards, but were pinned in place under the stoic strength of Steve’s palms-
And then the blessed relief of sensation, as Steve slowly took the length of him into his mouth.
“Well, they’re going to know in a day or so, if I’ve played Nick right” Steve shrugged, bashfully. “And… I don’t know, I guess I’m starting to see the benefit of being a bit more flexible with my plans. I mean, if you want to…”
They looked at one another a moment longer, Steve still trying to work out what his next question should be, the Stonekeeper looking as though he was listening politely to Steve’s every thought. And then the Red Skull tilted his head, his lips pursing with sad amusement before he said, “So. How?”
He turned his attention from the guard he’d been looking at-
But, Jesus, Steve looked more beautiful with every second… this look of, sort of…awe-struck wonder had come over his face, and his eyes looked even bluer, and… God, it was more than beautiful. It was
So, maybe it would’ve been better to have just walked away. To have never asked Steve if he knew. For Tony to have lived his entire life with the horrible worry that maybe Steve had lied to him, rather than being hit with the certainty that he had…
And he saw Tony shrug in such a way that Maribelle would hear,
to focus on the immediate, and trust in the people you’d accepted as an authority…
“Do you know anything about the Varian slaves that work at The Facility?” Steve began, his tone neutral and perfunctory – but still, Tony saw Maribelle flinch just a little at the use of the word.
And then, to his left, he heard Steve stifle a laugh.
laughing…
And, in Steve’s defence, that was mostly because there were so many rumours about Tony Stark. A lot of it was just Steve remembering the things other people said, rather than coming up with these ideas himself. That Tony Stark was been horribly scarred in some sort of accident, that Tony Stark had spent the last twenty years modifying his body, that he had some sort of wasting disease… And Steve had known it was all very unkind and very unlikely and that it shouldn’t have factored into his impression of Tony Stark one way or the other – but, yeah,
A blush darkened over Tony’s cheekbones, his eyes softening in a shy smile.
He was happy with his plan.
And then, as he approached the crowd at the bar, Tony’s attention was snagged by a familiar voice, shouting over the top of the general commotion.
, and, just…
“This is urgent,” Coulson snapped impatiently.
thought-
And, Christ, the
a neurological, scientific analysis of what makes a good painting, or a good song. Like there is a scientific reaction behind everything a cook does – but that’s not how they do it. They do it by sense and skill, more than by rational application of the process.”
But Steve could feel the growing urgency of it. The way Tony’s fingers gripped more firmly, the way his kisses became messier and more demanding as he moved lower down Steve’s back.
’-” He cut himself off with a huff, clearly mortified. “And I’m
, anything-
His stomach twisted painfully. His mouth watered. His vision seemed to cloud at the edges and focus on the colour in front of him.
to do - before he had chance to process what it was.
…And maybe he liked this plan even
If there was anything in Tony’s suggestion to start with what you were
had to worry that he’d be the one to kill him-
, of what this meant…
to save people from ever feeling awkward like that. That he was supposed to save people, always. That he was supposed to be the responsible one.
Steve thought of sleeping with Bucky again, and… he just didn’t want to. It felt wrong now, in a way it hadn’t before.
Tony dropped his gaze, and Steve could
Because it’s you…
… A side project that Tony would never have thrown himself into, if he hadn’t been so desperate to avoid Steve and Bucky, after… after what happened…
…it was okay.
mean.
Steve wouldn’t be surprised if they were all gathering around a monitor, watching him, right now.
With that one line, everything stopped feeling distant and hypothetical and started to feel terribly real…
But, oh, far more compelling than those tired old mantras…
wanted to talk to Tony about all of that. He still felt like he had to say something now, that if he let it go
And then he went back to rest his weight against that same spot on the wall, and began taking deep, calming breaths as he counted down that last thirty seconds-
“But maybe I
In this one moment, everything was – quite simply – good.
that I ran a deep dive on all of SHIELDs files on that helicarrier, in 2012?” He clarified, not for the first time. Steve just nodded,
an emotional delaying tactic, that it was just one of the things he’d have to think about when his head was clearer
And then the compound appeared in front of them, like a wonderful mirage – and suddenly all Tony could think of was his own bed in his own home on his own planet.
Until, somewhere in the distance, he heard Tony calling his name.
“Thank you,” Tony said, folding the note up
familiar, whoever he is. There’s something… Nice, about looking at him…
“…That I had to,” Tony managed to finish, weakly. Turning,
“…And
“If I make a run for it, and yell while I’m running in the
…He knew it was.
“Do I want to try some terrible food done well?” Tony repeated, still smiling.
And then, half way across the room, Tony just stopped. Steve saw him look over at the bar to their left-
And now he was looking right at them, like it was the moment they first happened…
up to something, stands to reason they’d be suspicious of us investigating anything other than our own… vacation.”
“Because I
decided to go all double-agent, and especially if she’s trying to work against
“It is!” Bucky exclaimed, exasperated. “
He really didn’t want to say the wrong thing about Tony being a vampire – which was actually far more challenging now that he
“For them,” Bucky clarified, with another smile. “And… you know how you
he have liked it?
“I am a man of my word.”
“We should probably talk about Fury’s offer,” Tony reminded him after a moment. Steve’s jaw clenched again.
“And yeah you can trace that horror back to all those little things at the start, but at the start they were just little things, and
“Steve…” Tony heard himself whisper softly, his body leaning forward of its own accord, responding to that basic, physical pull towards him
Not the way he’d been
of them,” and then he let go of a frustrated little breath, and turned back to Bucky, the low lull of reassurance starting up again.
That was fine.
Tony already felt cold, as he started to count how many sessions they had left… Not as many as they’d had so far.
“Oh, I don’t intend to waste any…” Steve replied, seriously…
But he was pretty sure he couldn’t say that. So he scrambled for the first thought he could put into words-
And then the quiet little
Steve really hoped that Stark wasn’t going to be an ass about this.
“You didn’t do anything bad” Tony assured him kindly. “I mean, the last time
And the
“I think…” Galileo suggested timidly, from the edge of the group, “it might be a good idea if our guests were shown to their suites. Give them a chance to settle into the atmosphere, digest everything they’ve learned, before dinner tonight?”
The world around him faded to nothing, the very concept of reality disappeared, Steve lost all sight of the barrier between his own consciousness and everything else.
His bones jumped at the shock of it, as a shout of alarm echoed in his own head. And then he recognised the sound, not simply as a phone ringing but as
He heard himself choke out a sob, his body trembling as it turned to water.
An electric thrill shot through Steve’s weakened limbs, leave a deep, pulsing heat in its wake. Steve gasped softly, subconsciously leaning into Tony’s touch. Tony smiled, indulgently.
to relax his back, and slow his breathing - which, if anything, only made him feel slightly light headed.
He cast a disinterested glance towards the left of the room, knowing that there was a laptop over there somewhere, tidied away so that it wouldn’t jar with the aesthetic.
idea how to deal with that – how he even felt about being on the receiving end of it. And he didn’t bother trying to work it out. Suddenly all of his thoughts, however frantic and irrational, were finally focused on one topic: how the hell to get out of this, as painlessly as possible.
Because he didn’t want to say it really.
Steve had spent the last few weeks happily reliving the time he’d spent with
And he’d forgotten all about not knowing what to do with his hands. He’d forgotten all the questions that had once made him hesitate, all the outcomes he’d ever worried about avoiding.
“And if they see us, we have no plan but to knock them out,” Sam added, wearily. Bucky’s shoulders sagged - because nobody really wanted this to get into a fight of any kind.
Which wasn’t to say he was looking
Bucky looks down at his arm. It’s the first human touch he’s been consciously aware of in… so long.
He knew that most people wouldn’t understand the relationship he had with Bucky. That they’d want to know,
else is judged by the average, aren’t they? Everyone judges
, at least…” And he held Tony’s eye for a second, just to remove any shred of doubt that they were talking about Steve. “So, the thing is, it really doesn’t matter if you’re right, and they’re going to be at all sorts of risks because of you – they already are. The only question is whether you can make it any easier on them. If that’s what you’re really thinking of doing, when you push them away…”
“And then there are the fantasies that are
“We’ve got as long as you want, you know,” Tony grinned, warm and almost teasing. But
“So, your boss is?” Steve demanded
“Yeah, they’re waiting for me upstairs,” Tony answered, with a soft laugh. Steve’s shoulders clenched.
But he already had his phone gripped in his hand, his eyes fixed on the screen while he ran through contingencies that he’d already memorised, just to pass the time.
mean, ‘I don’t know why I feel this way about you’, I just mean… I don’t know how I knew that, back then. How I could have known that I
there to gloat that I’m not so fucking perfect – but I don’t think I said I’d
Tony groaned and collapsed further into the couch. He
Something about it snagged Tony’s attention in a more primitive way - an
He was supposed to warn people about it…
Which had allowed him to daydream about Steve in laboratories, and offices, and conference rooms…
a funeral. He was ten times the man Tony was, and no one even misses him. And now I’ve got to sit here silently, listening to everyone pretend Tony was a saint - oh, and now the two years we all gave up for
an actual link between us… I think we’ve…kind of…
“So why not pick an event he wasn’t at?” Tony pressed on.
“What would make you think that?” Steve snorted.
people explore new things. That’s all he wanted to do. Develop
need to think about it - probably something about the way that Steve was literally hovering with delighted anticipation, he supposed…
“Sir?”
, and then it all just got so much worse…”
what you should be sorry for.” Tony added, softly “Not… for being an evil, self-righteous, cold hearted bastard. Not for deciding I didn’t matter. Not for being pig headed, and too stubborn to listen, and too arrogant to see… Not for a lot of the things I decided you were, that I was mad over. And, in amongst
“You’re sure?” He exhaled. Tony barely bothered to roll his eyes.
“The thing is, Steve… I couldn’t deal with you feeling responsible for
He imagined being able to lie Tony out of a bed and dote on him for hours, all the wonderful details of him that Steve could run his fingertips over, all the ways that he could make Tony feel good-
He was so consumed by anger on Steve’s behalf, so hurt for him, so desperate to make it better and so frightened that he couldn’t
issues, a few months ago, when the Maximoffs first joined the Avengers. Arguments between politicians, about whether they had committed a crime by volunteering for Strucker’s experiments, and if they were suitable to be Avengers, and whether the government should get a say in that anyway. But, as far as Tony knew, most of that had finally been ironed out. The meeting today should really have been a box ticking exercise…
there was no point in talking to Steve about anything right now.
...He
“God, I… didn’t-”
, and with it all the context he needed to understand what was going on….
Without any conscious thought, Steve simply watched as Tony blinked against the sunlight, absentmindedly brushing his hair away from his eyes as he looked up-
And, in a weird way, it was exactly what Tony had been expecting Steve to say… until he said it. Until Tony heard the genuine, naked remorse in Steve’s voice and realised just how
“You know, when I first took over Stark Industries, Obie had to have this whole big chat with me about the times I represented the company. You know, those times when what I said was the legal position of SI… and God, what an ominous responsibility that felt, for the few brief moments I was going it. Exhausting. And, Jesus,
you love him. You’re scared of letting him get to know you because you love him, you kept that secret because you love him. You pick at him and second guess him because you’re scared to death of him getting hurt and
-Nope, apparently Steve didn’t want a deep conversation of any kind at the moment.
Her eyes welled up when she said that – whether in sadness or in temper, it was hard to tell.
It didn’t
Shocked to hear anyone say that.
So, instead, he trailed his kisses lower, moving slowly down to Steve’s collarbone, delighting in the way he moved against him. Tony ran a hand over the centre of Steve’s chest, pausing to feel Steve’s heart beating under his palm, before he began unbuttoning his shirt. Steve sighed, happily, and arched up into Tony’s touch. Tony felt a smile warm though him, right from his gut.
He let go of a long, slow breath as quietly as he could, keeping his gaze focused on the table in front of him while he tried to relax his shoulders. Then he glanced up at the government official at the front of the room, deliberately looking at the wall directly behind her. He’d stopped trying to listen over an hour ago. He’d made a valiant effort up until then, but it was simply no good – his thoughts were determined to go to one specific topic, and it was talking all of Steve’s concentration to stop that from happening.
“...Does wherever we take Bucky have to have a
And then looking up at Tony Stark.
Tony smiling.
But this time - and right in the nick of time - Steve managed to catch the briefest hint of something else in Tony’s features. The tiniest flash of hope, or the most subtle little gathering of courage, or something… Something so swift and so small that Steve didn’t even know what he’d seen.
And for
invitation…
Oh God, Steve wanted Tony to bite him. To drink from him.
But before he could get to even that minor point of satisfaction, his eyes caught on the screen to his right.
far off.
The realisation that he’d already dug himself into a hole that he couldn’t get out of, that
And then Tony took hold of Steve’s hand and squeezed it, shivering through an illicit thrill at the solid strength of Steve’s arms, and the way it melted under his touch…
“Okay, different question” Tony suggested, when Adam didn’t answer him. “This Tabula Rasa thing, that
this would be better in the long run. He now had actual, infallible proof that his approach in this timeline was so much better. He could finally
But, Jesus, even that stuff was fun now.
It was just so unexpected, so surreal - so much better than anything he’d been bracing for. In the first instant, Tony was relieved and shocked… Without really knowing why.
He let it roll up through his ribs... letting it mix with the tingling sensation that had spread all the way down his throat, by now…
That he’d set an impossible standard of certainty. That he’d set out to find an answer to everything, even though human beings still didn’t understand themselves or the world they were from – and still they accepted that they were supposed to be human.
And he thought of Steve, never
“So, now what?” Bucky asked cheerfully – and Steve was forced to swallow a sudden, bitter taste. Steve hated that question. He’d been running from that question for weeks, and fighting with that question for days, and even now that he
And Tony huffed, what might’ve been a laugh.
Nick was cut short by a pained cry of alarm, as a particularly well-placed blow hit him right on the bridge of the nose.
Oh, God, he was
night…” he answered, softly.
But, as he couldn’t rely on that, Steve also threw a punch to where he’d guessed Adam’s face would now be – feeling the crack of his temple at the edge of his knuckles, not quite a direct hit. There was a hot, wet spray – blood, or spit as Adam hissed another profanity, Steve couldn’t tell.
A warmth bloomed up in Tony’s chest, swelling into his limbs. His hands moved of their own accord, naturally finding their way to Steve’s hips, his body leaning into the motion.
Except
…He really had given Tony a
And if he
was quite relieved to be out of the White Room, too.
“Bullshit,” Steve replied darkly. “You’re just trying to replicate the serum, like a thousand other people. Just trying to make yourself rich and powerful, without any thought to the consequences, just like them.”
But, wherever it came from, Tony had to ignore that impulse – at least, for now. Until he could work out what all of these impulses meant, how they worked together and where they could possibly lead. Without time, and very deep thought, and a lot more research, all Tony really had was that same list of questions.
quite that.
And again,
But he’d accepted a drink anyway.
“Well, maybe… But I
Neither of them could see Maribelle anywhere on the lower level, so they made their way up the stairs. Not there either. They shared an impatient glance, Steve letting go of a slow breath as Tony walked to the edge of the balcony, to scan the ground floor again. They both wanted this to be over now.
It was probably a bad thing. A confusing, complicated thing that could only lead to disappointment, or worse…
Steve.
didn’t have a choice about whether you lied to me over it, or… any of the stuff I was really mad about. Honestly… I went after Bucky because I was mad at
But the situation just didn’t
Well, he’d given up on that pretence now, at least.
It had taken him on quite a journey so far, sweeping between elated highs and anxious lows as he’d run through every line of his conversation with Tony-
The loneliness and longing that he’d felt for so long,
“Right, sorry. You’re right. I need to take a minute,” Tony muttered, speaking more slowly now. He took a deep breath.
But, increasingly, Tony found his attention getting snatched by the other little details.
Steve didn’t even know he’d heard it. It was just another meaningless background noise, behind that incessant pounding that he didn’t know was his own heartbeat-
And had to spit it out again, immediately.
“Yeah, sorry, ignore that…”
They had no plans to hang around and wait for this Franciszek guy, obviously.
Steve had started this endless night with the same panicked noise in his head as Tony, at the mercy of a similar mix of emotions. And, like Tony, Steve had dealt with it by reverting to form, immediately falling back on the coping mechanisms and personal habits that had been there since
...So, what
Eventually, he glanced up at Bruce.
Which was a horrible, soul shaking thought – but, Jesus, part of him was still kicking himself for not taking more advantage yesterday. He
But still…
spent the best part of a decade trying to make you laugh!” He told him, with a comedic incredulity “I actually sat there and tried to think what you found funny, what I’d seen you laugh at from other people – because you
why his father had this sketch-
He let his hand rest on the sweep of Tony’s hip, his eyes coming to rest on the shape of Tony’s cock, pressed hard and wet to his stomach…
But he didn’t touch himself.
And even if they didn’t. Even if his recent behaviour had tagged him as more of a threat, even if there was a response team on the other side of that door waiting to assassinate him - he still didn’t care.
“So, I don’t know,” Steve sighed, sadly. “It might be a whole lot easier to find one, now that you’re helping… I mean, I know that Stucker and his team relocated to a place in Sokovia,
That they were comfortable enough in this relationship that they were really
Well, something about the night had gone right, at least.
what happened, and the issues beneath it… He’d never dared imagine what might happen after that. It felt like too much of a liberty to dream that one day they might really be able to talk about other things. That they’d ever get back the friendship they’d once had, much less be able to build something more than that…
“Not really, no.” And then an uncomfortable thought occurred to him.
thing he’d warned himself against at the start. The one thing he should have been safeguarding against this whole time – the reason he shouldn’t have said yes in the first place-
He was trying very, very hard not to think about all the reasons he disliked Phil Coulson.
“We have no reason to think that,” Tony sighed – and then, out of nowhere, thought to add, “but it might be an idea to see who you can have standing by, while I investigate this – you’ll get a call back within the hour.”
Bucky had never spent time with anyone who had that quality. He loved Steve dearly, of course… But awkward,
“No questions. No analysing the environment. You can debrief the situation later,” and he waited until after Steve had nodded, happily, before he casually added, “but you’re not going to break it, unless you’re really trying to.”
remembered, now that he thought of it…
“Well, that’s something I suppose,” he joked weakly, reaching behind him to dump it on the desk with the others. And then, because it seemed rude to kick her out without
6. Black And Blue - Grace Petrie
“Nothing here can hurt you.” Belle assured, sweetly. “But, that doesn’t mean that people can never be upset here, or angry, or confused. In fact, some people even say that working through those things at the beginning is what allows you to experience other things, later on.”
I could wish you’d understand, because I thought
...At least, Steve was pretty sure it was that way around.
?” He mocked. “It’s got
And then stuttering to a pause, as an instinctive resistance coiled in his muscles.
, about Rhodey wanting to hear gossip from him. Something that felt kind of fun, in the first instance-
hadn’t snapped and demanded an answer about it, he never would’ve told me about Operation Insight, either.”
He wanted to come.
“I don’t think she’s lying about the ‘special project’, though”
to kill this man for what he’d done to Steve, to make it as violent and frightening as he possibly could…
were in real danger if they were discovered by the wrong people – even then, the absolute tragedy of this revelation took precedence.
Steve dropped his eyes, his shoulders curling inwards as another wave of wordless anxiety crashed over him. He heard Tony continue his conversation, his voice a calm, measured rhythm that seemed to come from miles away… Steve wasn’t up to picking out the words, just yet.
just a… better idea, that you started off feeling uncomfortable with? I know that… a lot’s happened. And I know there’s a lot I don’t know, and I’m not trying to tell you anything about your life – this is me just saying, about…
Steve couldn’t understand why he would feel any of the responses that were crashing over him,
“But you like him.” Rhodey cut in, an exaggerated confusion on his face…
And the horror of that revelation – it was like realising he was about to die. That he’d
And Steve only had to think back to Tony’s reaction the first time he heard that news, and his sense of doubt and disappointment was greatly eased.
“...Maybe someone should,” Rhodey suggested thoughtfully. And then, when everyone turned to look at him, he added, “go to the flower show, I mean. Since the drugs seem to be the main issue here - or, more to the point, the fact that they keep
Steve might’ve felt Tony reach for the caddy, or heard him snatch something from the top of it – he didn’t really know, and he didn’t
He had no doubt that his contingency was on its way… but it wasn’t here yet.
All those background details that had been cascading though his head this whole time
have trusted to share the burden… People who only ever did the right things by him.
Big towers, especially those outside of cities, were built and run by the people who built and ran everything…
What else could he do?
The taste of him, running down his throat in hard, desperate gulps-
, and-”
… I’d just convinced half the Avengers to quit the team and become criminals, all to stop a threat that wasn’t even real. I’d fucked the entire political landscape and left you with all that stress, and I hadn’t even told you why I was doing it… You never had a chance to make that work, and I didn’t even warn you… And what happened with Rhodey, and what happened in the bunker and… I just thought, after everything I’d done, you wouldn’t want to hear about how I
This was choosing to face that problem, because there was something more important.
But he
Steve leant up into it, one hand coming to the side of Tony’s face, his lips hungry and forceful against Tony’s soft, warm kisses. Tony pressed a firm hand to his shoulder, encouraging him to lie back rather than pushing him. He could feel the trembling restraint in Steve’s back, the way he fought to follow Tony’s instructions against an obvious instinct to grab him with both hands. Tony smiled against Steve’s lips as he ran his palm over his chest, letting his fingertips trace over the line of his muscles, delighting in the co-ordinated shivers he felt from Steve. Tony leant back just enough to watch Steve’s face as he stroked a rough hand over the outline of Steve’s cock, pressed hard and wet to the fabric of his underwear. He watched Steve’s eyes widen, the way he pinched his lips as though he was trying not to bite them, the little flutter of a breath caught in his throat.
“...I knew I liked you
Steve didn’t really have the words for it. There was just this flood of emotions, when he remembered Tony sobbing. Steve’s heart swelled; his arms tensed in an physical need to hold Tony close to him… Steve
company, in a world without
two people who didn’t know you were a couple before - last night?” His expression brightened, as he registered what Tony had said. “Why, what
Tony felt his every muscle tense in preparation for something he hadn’t even processed yet; knowing he
With his own boyfriend.
There was this blinding, incapacitating,
, he could see that Nick was coming to him with an entirely different attitude - that, already, Nick’s impression of him was completely different to whatever he’d been thinking the first time around. He stood just a little taller, his expression was just a little more focused - his deliberate mannerisms had been chosen for a subtly different role. This Nick Fury was arriving with just a little more direct challenge, a little less manipulation. Less confident. Less patronising.
Because, for the first time in God only knows how long… he was perfectly happy where he was, right now.
Or, maybe it would have been fairer to say that Bucky was only now realising how strange it all was, when he was sitting on this examination table before. Thinking back to the blur of that first week was weirder than living through it, in some ways...
weird. Maybe it should bother me. But it doesn’t … I guess, really, I’m just making sure that it doesn’t bother you…” And then it was like he caught himself, a self-aware little smile pinching his lips before he shook his head, and sighed, “well, no, that’s not really true.
And, just like that, he was moving – somehow, he’d even managed to think to look for power cables, knowing that they’d be more likely to lead down a corridor that was useful to him.
Before he could think about how it even worked.
He’d hoped to get further through this process before he had to drink again. He knew that the moment he tasted Steve’s blood, his perception would shift – and he had no faith whatsoever that he’d resist the temptation to call Steve
He wanted to make Steve sigh, and moan, and
At least the task itself had become significantly less uncomfortable the further through it he got. When he
,” he demanded, grabbing hold of Tony’s wrist. Tony paused,
Seeing that he
Something that could shatter the fragile happiness Steve had built and take from him the one thing that mattered - someone he couldn’t bear to live without.
“Of course not” Adam grinned “You
“God, you are
Angrier than he’d been in weeks.
But this was all so eerily and impossibly familiar – and so
Steve watched him go, that ripple of laughter still bubbling below the surface as he thought about that strange interlude…
Steve had no idea what cover story Nick had given his superiors - whether they knew who he really was, or what they thought otherwise. In any case, it wouldn’t be long before they found out. Unlike the friendly thirty something lab technicians,
that Tony curled his fingers around it... the slightest hint of extra grip, the drag of Tony’s thumb over his palm…
There was a spike of adrenaline, from the very pit of Steve’s gut. Something immediate and primal and… good…
Tony knew it was bad…
thing that came up. Always worried that he was about to make an ass of himself or put his foot in it or ruin what they already had. Nervous and guilty every time he felt better for letting some human detail in. Terrified of taking even a tiny step closer, because then he might have to think about… God, all sorts of things.
“No, Tony, you were-”
“I don’t know,” Tony groaned, rubbing his eyes again. “
Tony hummed softly against his skin, pleased.
“It’s so we can go to the research floor – the third floor – and still be competent” She explained “They’ll counter all the effects, once you’re up there… although, I don’t know about the
but he took them.
thinking the same things about why it was important to stop and ask the question anyway…
And then he might move on to practical concerns, perhaps. Remembering that it had now been nearly a week since he drank, and still he didn’t feel hungry… Remembering just how much he wanted to drink again anyway, simply because he wanted that taste, that
The decision to take a second pit stop was far less anxious -
He took another look around the cheap little bungalow they’d rented, trying to take up the time.
. For the first time in forever, there was
And then Steve broke into that sweet, sincere smile that Tony would know anywhere - but still, he could hardly
He clawed his way into Steve’s embrace, his fingertips bunching the material of his shirt as he pulled closer, kissing him back every bit as hungrily-
Was it all just because they thought he deserved it, because they wanted to put him in his place?
The fear of what he truly was, and what was going to happen to him - the anxious worries that he’d been forcing to the back of his mind since he first took the serum.
“I know we aren’t supposed to have favourites,” the other Rousseau acknowledged, smugly, “but, Captain Rogers, I have to tell you, I have been a fan of yours since I was a kid…”
to permanently feel bad on behalf of others, or carry every tragedy as though it were their own, or guard against even the slightest slip in their concentration.
Tony’s hips bucked again, his cock pulsing hot against his stomach-
He knew that this was the
That heat pulsed lower, Steve’s cock throbbing hard as he replayed it in his head. He forced his shoulders to relax again, a warm contentment swelling up in him as he watched Tony smile, and nod,
And Steve wanted him to do whatever he wanted…
Until the time he didn’t get to tidy up. Then it sort of felt like a big deal.
sort of relationship with Steve… After all these years casually dismissing that perspective, as though it were
… And then he forgot the question completely, and went back to trying to rock into Tony’s hand. Tony chuckled warmly, and added, purely for his own amusement, “well, anyway, you
A more basic feeling heated in Steve’s blood, a primal sort of pride in Tony, a primeval instinct to make Tony
But the stairs down to the lower level were at the far end of a long corridor, and Tony was already halfway along it when he heard the flutter of panicked footsteps coming up from the basement-
“Meaning?” He asked, a bit too sharply.
He huffed as he recognised the final sentence, and the weary confusion that came with it. He’d run his eyes over these words so many times that the shape of them was intimately familiar - and he still didn’t have a clue what they said.
And Damn it all, Steve missed the tennis ball again.
“But I actually don’t know how to be awkward and clumsy, even though I
, after everything, even
“What?”
“So, you sent in an undercover…?” Nat prompted. And Nick’s face softened into something more professional – something almost sympathetic.
But Tony just couldn’t ignore that nagging observation… That he was sure he was
have to deal with those super soldiers at some point, and there will be shit to deal with whichever base we choose…”
He wanted every part of Steve –
know that there was something very wrong about this - and, more than that, that there was something very
him the information you had from his father. Information you had no right to withhold from him in the first place.”
In fact, Tony now realised that being
He was just so –
All at once, he realised that he
They looked at each other, momentarily thrown.
schedule for today, please?” Tony demanded, his voice high and tight.
But he knew that was only because he’d chosen the points that suited him. Chosen to avoid the points that didn’t… one point in particular…
He did his best to swallow it down, and then he managed a little nod.
person, and he should probably deal with that revelation before he gave any thought to what Tony was saying-
“Six fifteen, Sir,” JARVIS replied, in that soft tone he used whenever Tony was feeling fragile.
He was delighted, maybe even a little bit relieved, to be able to have such a natural and diverting conversation with
He could’ve
“Ha. Well. I’m not really any great expert on what I’m feeling, either,” Tony muttered. And then, more firmly, added, “And anyway, you might be right that… well, me feeling good or bad about something isn’t really any indicator that it’s good or bad…”
is where I can think about the stuff you’ve taught me, and the stuff Pepper taught me… and Bucky, actually…
“Because you feel like that’s the best way to protect them? Keeping them out of it?” Bucky added, a bit more enthusiastically. And this time Tony could only nod. “Well, I can only tell you what I wish I’d known, way back at the beginning of this – you only hurt people more by trying to cut them out.”
,” he gestured awkwardly between them, “as some way to heal. And I’m sorry, if that still gets blurred sometimes, or if I ever make you feel like…”
The pleasure of this was so intense it was almost painful.
“He did
just fall into it.
,” Tony said, before Rhodey could ask.
He would have liked to have told her that it was all worth it - even though it would be a lie. Even though he already knew it didn’t matter… Still, he would have liked her to die knowing that she’d made a heroic sacrifice for the greater good. He would have liked to think of her thinking that they’d won.
Sex had always been more complicated than that, for him.
Which was the only reason he was able to forget about Bucky’s little intervention now. By the time he and Bucky stepped into the elevator, Steve was once again entirely preoccupied with his own nervousness. Rehearsing everything he was going to say, planning for every response Tony could possibly give, trying to think what he’d do if it all went horribly wrong…
And the spike of shame that went with it, and the mantra that automatically rolled through his head after it-
Again, the weird thing was that he carried on talking.
And he didn’t think anything of it.
Apparently, it’d been asking too much to just hope he could walk away from this thing. The thing he wanted so badly, that everyone else got to have-
Tony had meant to tidy everything away before they arrived. He’d gotten into the habit of cleaning up before these appointments… and getting himself
That sent a sudden thrill through Tony that he didn’t think to question. A sharp, deep instinct – something not too far from ‘
enough, to spiral?
“Yeah… so, he wants you to ‘work on the Tesseract project’?” Steve asked. “That’s all he said about it?”
There was no concept of what he
And he
“So much quicker and more subtle than anyone realises. It’s the way you pick which compliments you’re going to pay yourself, and which putdowns you’re going to leap in with, and how you’re going to steer each conversation. Its all the tiny little elements of it, and I just – you can’t tell me that you feel unloved, and then the moment I try to fix that, throw your hands up and say,
Steve, cradling the back of Tony’s head as he fucked into him, kissing Tony’s neck as though he was scared that one of them would die if he stopped.
That feeling of confidence, and playfulness, and maybe a little bit of risk taking… was that what he would have been like, if Obie hadn’t taken everything from him? Is this the personality he would’ve had, the way he
And, fuck, the
… But the truth was that Steve didn’t really care.
Even his feeling of vulnerability came down to that. He was anxious about opening up to Tony, not because he didn’t trust Tony, or because he worried what damage could be done with that information… It was all
And when Tony leant up and kissed him…
. And it somehow didn’t matter that he still knew he wouldn’t be any of those things tomorrow, it still didn’t stop the totality of that feeling
They looked as though they were waiting to meet the puppy they’d just adopted, or something.
And then Steve glanced up at him – and still, it was easy to keep looking. Maybe it helped that Steve seemed more relaxed, since they actually started on the tests… the fact that Steve smiled so naturally made it easier for Tony to do the same. Tony didn’t feel the need to drop his eyes, this time.
Tony felt like he could
brightly coloured lace, covering
And then there was a truly obscene moan from Sam.
“Well, I can’t be completely sure, but I’m
think.”
all the time he needed to figure this out.
side against Tony once, and
And then Tony’s head fell into Steve’s neck, his weight leaning into Steve’s chest, his breathing hot and laboured against Steve’s skin,
In fact, hearing Tony say it made him realise just how big a thing that was, what it meant. It was the first moment that Steve had consciously acknowledged the strange feeling that had been growing in him for weeks… That specific security that Steve felt around Tony, and how it had bled into everything else, and… that Steve
EFFECTS = FOCUS, COGNITIVE FUNCTION, MAY COUNTER ACT FACILITY DRUGS [MAY NOT]
of him.
have waited until I was ready to pledge all my eternal timelines to you, before I made a move. Maybe that ‘relationships should be equal’ mantra doesn’t change for even these…
to watch Wesley wilt away from him. Or Nick, a few weeks earlier…
to react to you-”
...He could feel the significance of this moment.
“Oh my God, me too” She told him enthusiastically, her previous embarrassment completely swallowed by her drunken confidence. “I’m Vanessa, by the way.”
“What the hell?” He asked, a giggle already threatening to bubble through.
“What?” He asked flatly.
that he could make Steve happy.
… Right?
...But he wasn’t because he didn’t like the idea, per se.
Smiling, Steve shook his head.
Because he just didn’t want to stop.
Tony took a sip of his coffee, enjoying the way it tingled on the surface of his tongue. He pointedly reminded himself that he wasn’t trying to choose between Pepper and Steve-
Tony had to change or compromise or work around.
“Not really,” he blurted – because he just couldn’t help it. Even though part of him was
to fuck this up for everybody, when he could choose not to. As complicated and compromised as it was… it was also as simple as that.
down like that. Knowing that Tony really trusted Steve with his heart, that he was prepared to put as much of himself into this relationship as Steve had, even though Steve had once failed to even acknowledge this hurt, much less redress it… It made Steve so much angrier; at himself, at SHIELD, at Nick…
His lips parted, but no words came out.
“Yeah.” Tony nodded “She said there was a Maribelle, a Louise, a Wang, and a Dr Simonetti – and she didn’t know anyone else’s name.”
That wasn’t even one of the many injuries Steve had simply assumed he’d have to nurse, silently, for the rest of his life.
those people stake anything on him, once he’d accepted that he could only fuck it up
“Sir?” JARVIS enquired, carefully.
Tony meet his eye, “I
, he could just say
Defeated, Steve reminded himself that it wasn’t about who was friends with who. That he didn’t care
any secrets between them now. Not even the fact that Steve loved him. Steve didn’t have to watch what he was saying, or think how to avoid certain topics before they came up, or try to think what he was going to do with his face-
He’d have liked to have another go at it, really. To say some of the things he’d spent the last two hours wishing he’d said the first time…
have said to me, if I’d woken up and the Nazis
actually have been thrown by that for a moment - just by how moved he was at that level of consideration… Except that Tony moved to straddle his hips, pinning him to the bed between his knees, deliberately grinding down against Steve’s cock as he reached for the restraints-
on doing whatever Tony said right now. He’d forgotten there were such things as ‘surroundings’ and ‘rooms’ and ‘furniture’; he was genuinely surprised to feel the bed hit the back of his legs.
Okay, that was vaguely reassuring.
And he’d never been so certain of anything in his life.
“Blame for what? What did they do?” Tony asked – eyes firmly forward.
And then Tony braced against him, grinding hard into his lap as his body tensed into his orgasm and then trembled into the release of it, a barely audible little whimper falling over his lips - and God, Steve loved that sound-
him to know - but Steve had lost any right to demand an input. Steve had already frightened Tony, and proven that the trust between them wasn’t infallible, and now there was no way to demand a platform without being a complete ass-
And then he grabbed Steve by the shoulders, and threw him onto his front.
And then Tony was looking right at Steve, staring right into those flawless blue eyes…
gas, descending from the ceiling of each cell. And then, one by one, the people inside seemed to drift back to their senses… And smile, calmly. Andrew stopped tapping his foot, and slumped his shoulders, like he was relieved… A woman in the cell above him stretched, casually, like she’d just woken up from a nap…
And so
didn’t want to go here, but you have forced my hand. You have forced this upon us both, and I hope you’re happy.” And then he sat forward again, resting his weight on his knees and fixing Steve with a serious look. “I’m going to have to
“As you are
And then Bucky pushed into him in one swift, smooth motion, tearing through one layer of that tension, forcing the air up out of his lungs. For a brief second, Steve’s mind went blank, all of his faculties focused on just
at him-
to be here. He felt comfortable, and happy, and safe, for the first time in so long…
Steve
To submit… But not in any way that he’d ever thought of it before...
She didn’t seem at all put off when the others giggled at that.
, for twenty years,” she reminded him. “You once called me to tell me to call the fire department for you when your office was on fire-”
to be kissed by someone who adored you.
“I know, right?” Tony snorted. “I just… I just have this
that everything was okay. This was a genuine clarity, his mind moving more efficiently, without the mental clutter – this was him
He felt Tony grind his whole body against him,
They’d both been warned against such lapses of concentration on the orientation. Steve remembered sitting in a poorly air-conditioned room in one of the regional offices, trying not to smile as a SHIELD middle manager explained what was considered ‘unprofessional behaviour’. No checking your phone. No eating on the job. No dropping your weapon.
instinct to be closer to Tony, which outran Steve’s ability to process it. His hands caressed roughly over Tony’s skin while he was still figuring out how to get to him, kissing him as desperately as he could in this slightly awkward side-by-side position – until it finally occurred to him that he was going to
to say to Tony.
really that…”
Well.
now, and… mushy… He kept forgetting what he was literally in the middle of thinking about, or finding himself lost in an idea that suddenly seemed entirely irrelevant… to… whatever it was he was… whatever was meant to be relevant…
here. Like it was just a second ago that he and Tony were discussing this far off, hypothetical party they might eventually go to…
That, without much effort at all, he could actually
like your dad - because I’d have known that you’re obviously just like your mom… And then I had this great idea about trying to explain that, and it was
that he related. Hoping that Tony was describing the same things that he was feeling… That Tony was confused but still certain, in the way he was.
my friend, and this bond was always here, and I…
Tony just stared at it for a moment. And then there was the very first stirring of an idea…
the wrong, made it his responsibility to apologise and make this right. Like there were some things you just knew better than to try and rationalise, or blame the other person for – at least, if you really did want to go home.
“But you would characterise this as a
But he had the smartphone in one hand, and a handkerchief already clutched in the other.
He was sure there was a time when he would have
, and what wonderful experiences there might be ahead of them…
Well, that was reassuring - apparently these ‘security guards’ weren’t paying
And, apparently, that started with him being nervous about talking to a group of people that he’d been barking orders at fifteen minutes ago.
feeling slightly rude for not showing him out. Damn his good Catholic upbringing.
Steve raised his eyebrows at him,
“Oh, God, Steve-”
Steve had the oddest feeling that there really had been some sort of cut scene.
decide to end this thing after Tony became dependent on him – the hotter, brighter flash of terror at the idea that it might already have happened.
And single, apparently.
all of Hydra’s files, or lock them, or something, rather than just deleting them?”
be happy
idea of what he was about to walk into.
“Please don’t say that. You never have to be sorry for being honest with me,”
kind. A society that separated Obie’s actions from the rest of the vampire myth, who considered it a
…But did Steve
“His” Steve asserted, firmly.
No, Steve really didn’t want to go there.
about biting him.
But now that he thought about it, it made far more sense that Tony Stark had simply decided that another one of his fathers projects was potentially more profitable. That he hadn’t suddenly grown a sense of responsibility so much as decided to be irresponsible about something else.
And his eyes softened then, and suddenly Steve just ached to reach out to him.
That was… Good, even.
“I don’t know how much you think you know about what’s really going on here.” Steve added lightly-
…but.
to be a vampire… Maybe he’d have just been delighted to find someone he wanted to go that step further with. Elated that Steve felt it too. Focused on making Steve happy, and keeping him safe, and just
. All that stuff, about being in love with you for years – that’s all true.”
One day.
He still felt guilty about it, of course. Every so often, he’d ask himself what sort of friend would be counting down the minutes until Bucky’s next operation, or spend more time thinking about the doctor’s smile than the technical details… And the answer was
“And who is this?” Natasha enquired politely.
And then Tony came over and sat cross legged on the floor in front of them.
him, and he just wanted to make that better…
know he’d be there?” He asked, eventually.
reaction he had to Steve. Tony wasn’t sure
. It was… creepy, and against everything he’d ever believed and, just…
He didn’t even know what they
And then he heard the slick, wet sound of skin on skin, and looked up to see Steve running his hand over his own cock.
“You and Pepper broke up?”
I just talked to people when I was angry and just said things without thinking what I was really thinking… So,
...He hadn’t realised that’s what he was doing… But there it was.
would – and every second counted.
defensively. And then he heard the shower being turned off, and gestured to Zan, one moment. He stood up, and walked just a little closer to the bathroom door before he called out.
Seeing as
he recognised just how much he hadn’t wanted to think about work right now. What a relief it was to have dodged that bullet… “Thanks,” he added, softly.
One of the men on the couches nearest to them suddenly let out a high, pleading moan, and began babbling –
And then the voice… that calming sound from somewhere nearby, that almost musical lilt to it…
And when Steve cried, and just shook his head,
All of which wobbled when he turned and
“Working late?” A familiar voice asked, cheerfully. Steve glanced over his shoulder to see Clint resting nonchalantly against a stair-rail, pretending not to look at Steve’s screen.
…And I
Not thinking anything of this sudden rush of excitement, the thrilled racing of his heart, this uncontrollable grin. Just being
And laughed.
And, yes, I know you asked Sam,
“My poor Steve, always trying so hard to stay in control… Let’s see if we can fix that.”
And then he felt Steve take his hand again.
that Tony was in love with him - no,
wanted, that he never thought he could have-
as he could get away with. “That’s a secret.”
the Accords!’, over time… and yeah, thinking about it fairly, it was at least a
Tony would’ve liked to veto that idea, just because it added to what had already been a very long walk. Instead, he gave a tired nod and forced himself to his feet.
But not
himself to break the stare, glancing down at his hands while he filtered through this new information…
just being edgy and paranoid, then it would be even worse.
be sorry for the things Tony had been mad about. He was
He would
” Tony squinted. “Okay, we have no option. Good point.”
get sent back home again, and lose all chance of the thing I thought I wanted most at the time, and that’s how I made that choice. And I know that there couldn’t
He loved the thought of giving Steve what he wanted.
“Surely, if you’re wearing an armoured sweatshirt,
And when Steve looked up at him, he was just…
Tony was
He’d been very determined that, above all else, he was never going to keep secrets from Tony again. That he was never going to lie to him, even through omission. That had seemed like the first and most obvious lesson he should be taking into this new timeline-
“Okay,” Steve nodded, dropping his eyes.
Was still a deeply disturbing thought, yes, and clearly Tony still had a lot of ugly issues to work through. Fine.
“Do you want to kiss me?” He asked, like he was simply curious about it.
“It means that I think you’re incredible, that I love being around you, that I like the person I am with you - it means everything it would’ve meant, before I took the serum,” Steve answered a different question completely. “...I just don’t know what else it means.”
The guards didn’t spot Tony, standing right there in the centre of the corridor, for at least three seconds – not until they’d taken quite a few anxious strides towards him. And then they were clearly taken aback to find him there, visibly fumbling to raise their weapons-
“Well, he was waiting outside the house, for a start,” Tony scoffed. “Usually, he lets himself in and waits to enigmatically emerge from the shadows - although, to be fair, he
way, if he hadn’t
“And… I don’t know if it
And even after five minutes… and ten…
And Steve had now spent eight days reliving those few tense seconds, helplessly overthinking all the possible reasons and ramifications, and, more than anything else, dreading what would happen if Tony asked about it…
He made endless lists; things he loved about Steve, things he could do to make Steve happy, things he would do to keep Steve safe.
“I’m Tony,” the man smiles, raising his hand in a shy little wave. Bucky's lips twitch.
And what the
to be angry.
“Who’s Leslie Gibson, by the way?”
“…Yeah,” he nodded, more openly impressed now. Tony focussed his attention on the joint at Barnes’ shoulder. And he wondered…
it wasn’t 260 instead… So, I pointed it out to Fury, and I asked. And I either expected him to say it was an error, that it was supposed to say 170, and that you were actually
...How Tony’s life would work out, in a world where Steve was a friend of his fathers.
And Steve felt a jealous panic consume him like a wildfire-
EFFECTS LAST 0.5 HOUR [HALF HOUR]
the feeling of Tony’s eyes on him, the dark little purring noise he made…
, I didn’t mean to make it that… I just – I had to be sure, and I had to make it… I had to ‘lead a team’ and now I feel like they
“Actually.” Steve said – his voice serious now. Even sombre
Steve had always hated formal events in the forties.
with.
So soft, still.
an answer to an anxiety as vague and subjective as his fears about his father.
points smarter than Einstein… which would still be… But, you know, I’d met you by then, and
of these people.
And Steve didn’t even know that he shouldn’t, anymore.
…Then it didn’t really matter how much of an ass Steve had just made of himself, did it? The point was that Steve might’ve just said goodbye to Tony for the very last time.
him, to-
He wasn’t sure this was a pleasant experience.
Coiling in his muscles, burning in his lungs… pulsing through his veins. A fire he could feel moving under his skin, tightening-
By now it was a concerted effort to control the excited hope that was welling up in him. Steve had been hurt and betrayed and disappointed too many times to be entirely comfortable with this feeling – there was still a little voice warning against letting his guard down, reminding him to be critical, trying to emotionally prepare for the world to be pulled out from under his feet-
He wasn’t curling away from it or trying to plan for it or even feeling bad about it
Steve moaned something like Tony’s name as his second orgasm broke, writhing against Tony’s cock as the aftershocks shuddered through him. His legs were still twitching when he heard Tony let go of an animalistic roar, grabbing Steve’s hips with both hands as he buried himself inside him-
So hot and deep and intense, and so close,
But now his attention had been snagged by the guns clutched in his hand.
the test.” Tony tried to explain again. “I
And Zan looked at him, and she believed him. Of course, she did.
part of this, and the fact that I love him, and the
Pleased
...Because Tony was.
God, Steve didn’t know how to feel.
A horrible awareness that Bruce would still be there
Tony kicked his robe under the dumpster and pressed both he and Bucky back as far as he could, as two security guards rushed past them in a flurry of grey - whoever had been stationed at the back of the building, running out to see what was happening out front.
“So, any questions about the history of the drugs?” Dev asked, cheerfully.
because it’s actually a healthy blood sample, as compared to the crap I usually get,” Tony carried on, “or if it’s just because of the serum, or just because it’s…
But this wasn’t a supernatural impulse. This wasn’t some new instinct that he had no context for - he
Well, he could daydream about him now, at least.
“So, how was your day?” Tony enquired cheerfully, passing him his mug.
And Steve just
And it came in the same casual, breezy tone – but still, Steve immediately registered the strangeness of that statement. The…niceness, of it…
And Tony just sort of
With that, Tony’s chest clenched tight, and a hot tearfulness flushed his face. A muddled collection of memories flashed up, over a soundtrack of questions and realisations - all moving too fast to mean anything. Still, he could feel the picture forming behind it, the overwhelming fear that everything was feeding into…
The fire that flashed up in Steve’s eyes as Tony’s reassurances broke down into needy whining and incoherent pleading…
have threatened and frightened and inflicted pain. He
To have gone on any longer, with explanations of your motives and listing all the things you knew you’d done wrong and begging for forgiveness, would’ve been considered most self-indulgent. Embarrassing for the listener. Afterall, why should anyone want to listen to you moan on about
. And I am
, in his entire life.
They gave it two seconds, checked that everyone still had their gaze averted, and sprinted up the stairs before anyone’s fear of being involved was overcome by their curiosity.
He stumbled to a stop, the blood already rushing to his face as his brain
A flicker of thought tried very hard to catch in Steve’s brain.
And after all this time looking at each of those perspectives in isolation, jumping from one to the other and driving himself mad trying to decide between them, Tony finally looked at it all together.
And then there was the slow, firm drag of Steve’s tongue over his hole.
why I’m thinking maybe it’s actually worse if he likes me.”
He wanted just a little bit more time in this wonderful parallel world he’d fallen into.
softly, once he was sure Maribelle was distracted.
...He
And it probably wasn’t as long as it felt.
It was different to thinking he knew it, a few minutes earlier. This wasn’t the slightly anxious awareness of a power imbalance; this was how it
– Tony had damn near swallowed his tongue. An hour later, and he was still giddily telling himself
be proud of all of it… My mothers corned beef hash was famously terrible, even in the great depression-” he was cut short when Tony let out a surprised giggle.
Maybe he just never realised how much he wanted that, until it happened by accident-
Usually it was simply because something had made him think of Steve, or he’d wondered what Steve would say about something, or… just because Tony missed the sound of his voice. And, although it was tempting to attribute that to some vampire instinct or supernatural draw… Mostly, Tony just
allowed to be hurt.
of course, it seemed perfectly obvious-
kick.
For now, Tony just reassured Rhodey that they were on their way, and cast one final glance over the room they’d stayed in, that week that changed his life… and closed the door behind them. And then they headed back towards the main entrance, where Rhodey had said to meet them.
, as in centuries. It was a Varian resort – the family that own it
“Me?” Tony cut in, baffled
“Um-hm, so why have you got that puppy-caught-in-the-pantry look on your face?” Tony teased. And Steve blushed. And smiled, self-consciously, and dropped his eyes… “This must be the weirdest beer fear ever, huh?” Tony mused, his tone light and interested. Steve glanced up at him again.
And the far more imminent sound of footsteps.
Steve clenched his teeth, bracing for whatever joke Tony was about to make at his expense-
personal conversation.
there was nowhere to run to. He’d been here on his petulant, solitary tour that first night. He
But even as he was thinking it, he knew how ridiculous it was. That he couldn’t possibly hope for a life with Tony if he could
many things I should’ve said, that I –
about it. Maybe he had been watching too many Disney Movies lately, but Bucky couldn’t help feeling like this was one of those big narrative moments… One of those choices that was going to be formative, either way.
“You’re not worried about drawing attention to this place?” Steve asked, more interested than concerned.
to speak, to just-
, Tony Stark was actually in love with him - a hundred times more…
have been thinking about-
...And
Bucky physically shook Sam away from him, turning to Steve with a sharp intake of breath, like he was preparing himself to say something significant-
And because he wasn’t brave enough to commit to anything more personal.
“You think?” Rhodey groaned, without malice. And then he snapped up to meet Tony’s gaze, and added, “and how the hell have you turned that into a
Steve was briefly taken aback by the question. That emotional static fuzzed up over the top of all his calm, logical plans - as it always did, whenever someone mentioned Bucky.
.” Steve corrected, suddenly aghast. “No, God, Tony – if I’d seen that tape before, of course I would’ve…” He could hardly finish, he was so shocked by that thought.
“And the only way to do this is a step at a time,” Steve added, taking a step forward so that he could put a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
There was so much that had changed about sex. Things that the troops only talked about in the shadiest bars were now the topics being discussed on The View. Things that family entertainers considered light banter in the forties now caused the gravest offence. There were a thousand examples of the differences, but no simple answer to the question
“And by the people-acting-weird-stuff, you mean like that Vanessa woman just abandoning her company?” Steve clarified.
God, Steve really
“Stop doing what?” Steve asked, with that same gentle smile.
. Because, what, those things just
be thinking of this in a purely professional way. He knew that a better person would have put the personal rivalries aside, and be thinking only of the mission - a better person wouldn’t
Oh, but he couldn’t hurt him.
Steve felt his shoulders fall apart under the pressure of it, a little surge of dizziness rolling through his head at the sheer release of that one touch…
It was oddly tempting to simply tell Sam the truth. To burden him with the impossible problems of Steve’s existence, the unsolvable depth of his grief… To tell Sam that he didn’t really know how he got here in the first place, that he’d followed Sam’s lead without any real reason - that, if he hadn’t already arranged for Sam to pick him up, Steve probably
Steve could feel
He hadn’t paid much attention to the concierge - mainly because he’d been too focused on
“…did I get anything?”
… On another night it might’ve jarred with his mood, but right now it simply overwhelmed it, another wave of relief rolling though him as his mind relaxed, and quietened…
At first, it was just a gallery of
He went to retrieve his ball, purely to postpone the moment he had to make eye contact with Tony.
“Okay, you need to calm down and
“Well, I’m going to start with that last part, because that’s the bit I
“There was another guy this morning, but he wasn’t feeling well,” Steve explained, allowing himself to look distracted by the excitement. “He said he was going to get a glass of water - I think they sent him home-”
Steve exhaled softly.
“And these are… that, I take it?” Steve asked, as the others followed their curiosity and each picked up a flower of their own.
Not until the Hans Zarkov Annual Flower Show came into view.
And Steve just couldn’t think of another way to outrun it.
“...Well, I think it’s more about me just… getting over it,” Tony realised as he spoke - pausing when Rhodey let go of a frustrated groan.
– but he didn’t know what tone of voice he was writing it in, so in the end he’d dropped it. Actually, he hadn’t known what tone of voice he was using for the whole damn letter, whether he was hoping Steve would feel better or worse when he read it…
Tony’s actual reaction was an immediate, blind panic, as he recognised that Nick was obviously talking about the Tesseract-
...That it might just have been hearing
get an invitation to the third floor.”
“Well, no one makes me…” Steve sighed, a hint of a blush colouring his cheeks. “I just… I don’t know, I don’t really like the idea of anyone asking what
It couldn’t last, of course - they had important work to do. Work that Tony wanted to do, towards aims that he knew mattered… Or, that would matter, later.
askew, that there would’ve been
“No - as a matter of fact, that’s what tipped you off that they were up to something,” Steve remembered with a proud smile. “Because there was no reason
Tony fought the urge to ask about it. He reminded himself that, just because they’d had one pleasant chat about forties pop culture, it didn’t mean he had any right to ask Steve personal questions.
he was meant to be with Tony.
“No,” Steve sighed, automatically. And then he thought about what Bucky meant, and he corrected himself sharply. “No, wait – yes. Yes, I am.”
A sharp cry fell over his lips, his hips snapping up against Tony’s hand. A searing pleasure raced through him, so intense and so sudden that it made his lungs burn. There was a flush of something like shame – something he liked. Something forbidden and shocking and compelling. Something he wanted to push back against.
I did. Not that I’ve ever said. Because everyone already knows what I’m not saying, don’t they?”
The part of him that just wanted so much to
Not even Tony.
moment, and he suspected that would always be hard… but, partly, it was because he was taking on a personal challenge, trying to say this out loud.
“I do,” Steve told him, firmly – because he was sure of that one, at least. But Tony just sort of…
of him-
, shall we?” Tony suggested. “See if there’s any way we can un-redact it.”
,” Tony signed, theatrically, “of all the many head fucks that got dropped on me yesterday, Hydra has to be the first priority, yes?”
the whole thing is an American Corporation, which might make things
Tony felt himself grab Steve’s wrist, his body moving under its own authority.
He could picture waking up in Steve’s arms every morning, and kissing those beautiful lips whenever he wanted to…
“Yeah,” Steve breathed through a laugh. “Of course - otherwise he’d have asked you to find out, now wouldn’t he?”
tonight-
The worst part.
he couldn’t survive that one.
…He was
Steve found himself leaping up to his feet, buoyed by that general sense of hopeful enthusiasm. He might vaguely have decided that, since this needed to be done, it made sense to tackle it when he was in the right frame of mind… although, to be honest, he didn’t really remember thinking anything. Just this feeling that nothing was insurmountable, that everything would be okay…
Which was probably the only impulse strong enough to push the question out of his mouth,
billion, I think it is? And I knew that there would
“Captain American playing hooky?” He replied, in a teasing tone… settling back into the mattress.
So, he followed, feeling heavy and weightless all at once… He floated along a corridor, and down a grand, ornate staircase, and through a lobby that he couldn’t remember seeing before… He and Rhodey must’ve been the last ones to arrive, because as soon as they joined the group it started to move, following Galileo out of the hotel and into the fresh air… A warm breeze rolled over Tony’s skin, tickling the hair on the back of his neck.
And then his phone rang.
Mercifully, The Facility didn’t seem to be so over-sexed at this time of the morning.
Which meant they both had to go through with their plans now, no matter what.
...Then Steve might be persuaded to respect the confidentiality of the US Army. Apparently.
…Was this just going to keep getting
And that, also, he should
didn’t want to freak him out, and scare him off. That’s it.”
focused on the immediate plan was what had gotten them stranded in this hell-hole in the first place. That maybe, ‘managing’ to avoid the wider issues had been a very bad idea…
like drug-fucked-
, or fix everything… But, honestly man, I always thought you should talk about… that night. I always thought you could interact
But he couldn’t.
He couldn’t believe he’d fallen into such an unscripted, unhinged rant – in front of the guy he had a crush on.
, when I made ULTRON. I wasn’t
Tony softened apologetically, pinching his lips in a sad smile.
“Yeah, sounds exhilarating.” Steve replied sarcastically. And then he glanced down at his shirt. “Although I should probably shower and change first… I’ve been wearing this a really long time…”
things he’d said about Steve, and about Bucky, the ridiculous threats he’d made. All whilst Steve stood there in silence, stoically absorbing the abuse - which had only made Tony angrier, at the time…
looking to argue with every point, rather than think about it and – one, that was probably really frustrating, and it’s probably the reason why we fought. But, two… I think The Accords wouldn’t
“This is
And Steve exhaled softly, and bit back a smile, and
Maybe Tony had needed to put focus on his perspective, before he
Which really meant that Steve should start
Selvig raised his eyebrows in a harmless, teasing gesture, having recognised the suggestive the tone in Steve’s voice.
“You like it here, then?” Tony asked, in what was probably a more earnest tone than he’d intended.
“Because you I’m sorry what now?”
Tony closed his eyes again and listened, as Steve implored,
“I love you,” he breathed, still barely able to speak. And then he lifted Tony gently, lowering him back onto his feet – letting Tony fall into him, when his legs proved too shaky to support him.
going to ask what’s going on with you, when you wake up,” Bucky warned him again, “So, I dunno, you might want to make it twelve.”
But Steve and Tony said it did.
And then he saw Steve’s eyes flit, briefly, over to Bucky – and suddenly he remembered that he was supposed to be doing something else.
Even though this might still come under the heading of ‘vaguely unsettling’…
Or gathering his things as fast as he could, desperate to be out of the house by the time Steve finished showering…
he felt anything at all for Steve - even if it was just an immature desire to keep his favour or an unwise interest in the novelty… Whatever it was, it could only be based on the fact that Steve
“Security breach,” he sighed, glancing at Pepper to watch her smile at the in joke.
That Steve was about to fuck him right here-
...He realised how many elements were at work here. How seamlessly art and music and storytelling had been blended with technical design - how many tiny moving pieces were working to create a subconscious impression of fairy dust and approaching firelight…
He just saw a nearby flat surface, and a way to get to it-
Nope, that one he was apparently just sure about.
Buoyed by his new sense of purpose - and deliberately leaning into that certainty - Tony braced to stand up from the couch, already thinking about where he’d filed his father’s old research books-
There were a few weeks, after he’d had the arc reactor removed, when he’d been able to sleep without dreaming. A few mornings when he’d woken up feeling
. And it confused all of Tony’s senses, how something that tender could be that intense, how it could be so gentle and yet so
Tony and Steve hadn’t said a word to each other since they left the room. Logically, Tony had worked out that this would keep things as bearable as they could be – that, at the very least, it was the best way to avoid a fight. But, by the time they were shown to a table, the tension between them had gotten so bad he was starting to rethink. He wasn’t sure
Well, it would be nice to at least have the option of getting a little bit drunk…
And Steve knew he
If he ever walked in on Tony when he was crying, or unwell, or insecure.
“Oh, maybe,” Sam agreed. Tony glanced at each of them in turn, before he shrugged and went to answer it.
far removed from something he could see at a county fair.
Bucky, or what Zola was even inferring. I remember wondering if Zola just made the whole thing up… And… You know, it’s
him… but he didn’t want to say it out loud. There was just a very basic resistance to it, a sense of foreboding…
that Bucky was his main concern, thinking he could at least
I’m excited to start something with, it’s
And he wanted to
“I don’t know, we just call her Maribelle” Zan answered, as Tony moved to show her the file reader.
“To me?” Steve blinked, genuinely taken aback.
Tony couldn’t think of a rational reason why
And Steve realised that he was
“Hm,” Tony nodded, sitting down next to Bucky and picking up his tools again. “Well, it doesn’t fix the real issue, I know – but, for what it’s worth, I can promise you
He ran the flat of his tongue over Steve’s thigh, lapping the pool of blood from the crease of his groin, his other hand still holding Steve’s leg in a firm grip. Feeling that high building, that
“Yeah… When did she say that was…?”
Tony tried really hard not to look surprised.
When Tony said so.
Tony was happy.
files…” he carried on, his fingers tracing over the edges of Steve’s ribs as he spoke. “So, then we’ll already have all
going in for a look at the Tesseract Project - but he’s going to think he’s sneaking you in so that you can bring down Hydra,” Tony began, simply organizing his thoughts.
Tony hummed an appreciative smile as he moved his hand inside Steve, curling his knuckles against Steve’s rim every time he pulled out, letting the tips of his fingers graze over Steve’s prostate every time he pushed inside.
understand it – he even felt changed by it, somehow.
Not even realising that it was because he just couldn’t wait.
He paused when he heard an ominous creaking in the walls, a more immediate guilt consuming him as he waited to see what he’d broken this time.
Tony caught himself looking, as they reached the bar – and had to remind himself that it wasn’t really being ‘caught’ anymore. He kept having to remind himself. He wondered if this would ever sink in, if there would ever be a time when he was ‘used to’ Steve
And Steve might’ve liked to listen to that, but he was already too far under to drag himself back. He could only be carried along by the soft affection in Tony’s voice, letting it soak into him, as he fell deep into sleep.
taste.
Tony was still stuck with that dilemma, and so his curiosity about Steve was still unexplored.
“Hi.”
He was as surprised as anyone, when he snapped back,
“I’m sorry!” He exclaimed immediately, even through his giggles. “I’m not laughing at that, I swear.”
And then he heard Tony speak, in an entirely different tone.
When he finally tried to lift his head, Tony found that everything was pleasantly heavy, the world still clouded by a heady purple mist. It took him a moment to blink through it, and when he did, he found Steve gazing down on him, looking every bit as overwhelmed as Tony felt. There was a warm stirring in the pit of Tony’s stomach, as ran his eyes over Steve’s beautiful, broad chest…
“Oh, I don’t,” Tony snorted. “I am very prepared to be talked out of the idea.
...And, oh God, if he said
And then she looked up, her eyes so much heavier all of a sudden.
Thinking like a normal person.
to do…
And, okay, Steve gave himself a few moments to indulge himself in that, before he said anything else. Just being able to run Tony’s hair over his fingers, and touch the side of his face, and watch him smile.
But it had only grown stronger.
And then Tony lifted his head to look at him, and their eyes met-
Tony simply broke.
And Steve wanted to be good for Tony
Was cut off when Steve kissed him, warm and playful and messy, his hands stroking roughly up along Tony’s back. Tony melted into it, smiling against Steve’s lips, his arms strong across Steve’s shoulders.
But the look she gave him was personal.
Steve had done.
he couldn’t eat and had barely slept and had difficulty sitting still. He’d just considered it as even more time to spend on his project, and focused
above his head. “And I know, I
“Oh, say it to her!” Steve barked back. “No, go on, turn to your good friend Wanda and tell
That would mean he had a chance.
he looked at Steve, like he was looking for something to hold on to. The almost imperceptible movement as he went to cross his arms and then stopped himself… Like he knew he wasn’t allowed to curl up into a ball. He covered it quickly, straightening his shoulders and rearranging his features into a more stoic look of concern.
hate that thing people do. I do hate the fact that… that way every mistake feels like such a big deal, and it does feel like it’s different for me… That was true. And I’m kind of embarrassed anyway, but… I
that was just the example I remembered. From before I realised all this. The… fact that I was so hurt, after that outburst, when you came back from space… that’s just the one I
“Well, we need to work out whether the missing people are still here” He said, in his most Captain America voice. “And we should probably try to work out who’s running this place, and if there’s something else going on…”
“Apparently my dad collected old sketches,” Tony nodded, a more animated edge on his voice. “Of the most random things… Well, I think they’re random. I keep hoping I’ll find more of them, and then some sort of pattern will emerge.”
smile… Like he was happy for them.
If he’d already let everyone down…
… And Steve had just smiled, and stoked the length of him, slow and firm, and whispered back,
The specific details that Howard wanted the world to know, and the ones he couldn’t bring himself to talk about.
me… but, you know, I know it
“Yeah, but, I mean… James Rhodes learned to fly one,” The CEO continued - in a far more cautious tone than he’d been using all night, but Steve was far beyond caring.
, even when nothing else about the situation did.
Well, he wasn’t wrong.
How sure he was of what Steve was asking.
Too furious.
“…Not sure I believe you,” she concluded, squinting at him. “Tell me why you’re so worried about Captain Rogers.”
And he didn’t know if
Going in for the kill.
under him like that. It confused his brain right in the middle of taking the next step, so it just stopped taking it – and then Steve found himself falling onto his knees with a soft bump.
…He still felt as though he was looking at a dream.
You know better than to say you still aren’t sorry you went to that party in the first place.
“What,
“Why am I worried about you?” Tony frowned. Steve shook his head.
others.
He looked over at the corner of the room where his bag was hidden, tucked away behind a box of eye drops.
“Steve I’m going to come, I can’t, I want, I - please, I-” Tony whined, his words coming higher and faster as that pressure grew. And he
He cast his eyes over Clint, with his mohican and his battle scars, Thor, with his unkept beard and wild hair, Bruce, now a hybrid of himself and a big-green-rage-monster…
But there was
have been there…  In with all the things I’m glad I said, and still think I was right over… there
Because, of course, unlike Steve, Tony hadn’t taken the FOCUS whilst desperately trying to think about something – he’d taken it because he was trying
This wasn’t about a burning excitement or personal temptation.
sorry, because I’ve been far too hard on you – actually, because I’ve been a total ass to you, basically since you’ve got here-”
But Steve shook that thought away. Tony was the
He really
Having someone to talk to - someone he didn’t have to hide from.
Tony did not, and would not have consented to that violation.
“You look good with a beard.”
hitting the guy in the face… Maybe he remembered that being deliberate…
“And, I dunno, I just thought of
...And anyway, he was sure Steve wouldn’t mind if he turned up early.
That maybe an 18th Century historian had been making it all up, or that the vampires themselves had lied. Maybe it was all a mistranslation, or an example of research bias, or…
By now his skin was numb from the cold of the water, his jaw clenched painfully against shivering – and, as Steve’s cock was still pressed hard against his stomach and his hips ached with the effort of ignoring it, he figured it wasn’t working anyway. He turned the hot tap, and focussed on the feeling of the water slowly warming up, the relief of it sinking into his muscles.
to drink… and just try
“And, look – I’m not an expert on Anni-Varian social interaction, maybe if you don’t have shame, you don’t have lies, or whatever” Tony carried on, breezily, “But, on human beings, you’re just going to have to trust me. I know it probably seems an irrational mess of contradictions, to you – and it is – but this is what I do. So, since I’m not telling you how your guys think, don’t tell me how my guys talk, okay?”
“Steven Rogers,” she welcomed him, politely. “Right on time.”
Wondered what he should do.
“I’m Tony.” He smiled, trying to keep an appropriate distance. He could sense that she was nervous – although probably not shy, under normal circumstances. There was a certain solidness in her posture, like she was comfortable standing tall and taking up a room.
“...It means that I really like you,” Tony breathed. And then the elated smile eased into a more cautious expression, before he added, “I mean… I still don’t think I
Tony all but growled when he was forced to prop himself up again, grabbing mindlessly for the bottle on the bedside table - a luxury hand cream that the hotel provided, and that Tony just-so-happened to know made an excellent lube…
Just liked Steve yelled at him when he kept ULTRON a secret, and he apologised, and they
managed to convince Tony that he
Finally, in desperation, he tried to think of the look of horror in Tony’s eyes as he realised what he was doing – surely
Reasserting his vow to accept those realities in the future - to stop avoiding every potentially painful situation, to recognise that sometimes you had to face a bit of heartbreak to avoid something far worse.
Hope you enjoy :-)
“God, I’ve not heard anyone talk about Tyrone Powers in – years,” he explained, still giggling. “I’d forgotten he even existed.”
But Steve had caught the flicker of thought behind his eyes.
“Making this all about me.” Tony clarified. “Thinking you can put me first in every situation, that you can put
don’t know me, and I
just punched Adam for that – if Adam hadn’t turned away at just that moment, and pulled something like a smartphone out of his pocket. “But, fine…” He muttered, typing a code onto the screen in front of him. “We’ll just do it the long-winded way….”
It wasn’t what he’d been expecting Tony to say, for a start. He
“Something else did that,” Bucky blurted, giving his own arm an incredulous look.
It was only that it would’ve taken too much concentration to form the words, that it just seemed
Tony’s smile darkened, as his pressed his fingertips more firmly to the soft flesh of Steve’s throat. Steve’s blood ran hot, his balls tightening sharply, his breath stalling in his chest-
But he still had to prepare for when that didn’t happen.
“Steve….” Tony breathed, as Steve took his cock in his hand again, rolling his thumb over the head as he flexed his grip against him. And then Steve began stroking over the length of him again, slow and firm, never taking his eyes away from Tony’s…
much to look forward to.
“Not really,” he muttered.
He felt…
have ways of telling you when it’s in need…
“Hey J, what’s up,” Tony answered on auto-pilot, with no intention of paying attention to the answer - his mind was fixed solely on his new priority-
It was significant
There was nothing in the world that Tony hated more than vampire fetishists. Well, except Obie-
And Steve had the most powerful sense of clarity. This unexplainable, unmistakable feeling that he was
“And then, once you’re in, you connect to a
Steve saw Tony take a step forward, every muscle set, like a tiger about to attack.
Everything just seemed so…
know whether this other thing, this vampire thing, is
Uncomfortable, and slightly…guilty-feeling, or…something…
,” Bucky explained brightly, as strolled over to the easy chair. “Thought I might as well finish setting the mood.”
He opened them again to watch Steve waving the nearest guests over, doing a reasonable impression of shocked and socially awkward. As expected, most of them were too drunk or too disinterested or too awkward themselves to acknowledge him – and, of course, as soon as one brave woman came to his aid, everyone else considered themselves off the hook and went back about their business.
he couldn’t, though. He couldn’t remember how to prioritise a threat like this, how to separate it from the noise, how to place it into the real world and the person he was-
to feel these things, now.
them now… chat about them, even…
fit so nicely with the main point too, thinking about it…
But this wasn’t a picture of the Howard that Steve knew.
oblivious to his own thoughts and feelings-
Tony's fears that Obie was putting blood into his food for weeks before it happened, in order to prepare him - and the fact that he still doesn't know if that happened.
thought we were… closer than that. I thought we were at least
wished he hadn’t done that… perhaps a little more forcefully than strictly necessary… Because, by then, Steve had come up with a plan. As a matter of fact, by the time Bucky dropped that bombshell, Steve was entirely preoccupied with his plan, and simply couldn’t muster up the mental energy to worry about anything else.
going to take his blood… and drink it. So, he could at least forgo all that back and forth about whether he should try to explain to Steve, or pour the blood away, or any other bullshit like that.
...And there’s someone else here.
In fact, his head was still viscerally,
Tony paused, the marker pen still poised in his fingers, a specific little smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
thinks you wanted to?” Bucky shot back. “Do you think
And the questions. Just questions, that drifted through his head without context or reaction or any attempt to find an answer,
And, oh, was that a bitter edge sharpening his tone at the end there?
Steve… Steve spent a lot of time in meetings with politicians and scientists and pretentious sounding committees. He called a lot of people about talking to other people. He kept track of a seemingly endless list of projects, only some of which Bucky could remember, none of which seemed to have much in common with the others…
So, now there was the drawing of a man's forearm...
“Is this what
But there was that nagging little anxiety that Tony’s comment had just roused.
are awful, all over the universe...” He shrugged – and Steve breathed out a little laugh, and nodded.
“Well, for a start, I’m feeling so completely different to how I’ve ever felt before,” Tony started, at last. “So different from how I ever thought I
“...But you don’t want it to happen again?” He guessed.
“I don’t even know, really. I think I was just… Scared, mainly.”
“And it is the human system that’s drugging them?” Steve frowned.
to cool some of his physical excitement-
“You know what, this is my fault,” Scott announced theatrically. “I’m sorry, I’m terrible at toasts, I shouldn’t-”
…And that giddy little voice that kept reminding him,
…And that one didn’t come with a raft of
So, happily, Steve sat down at one end of one of the plush, cream couches. Tony sat down at the other end, smiling shyly, visibly collecting up everything he had to say.
