"But the child is a Holmes! He must be brought up properly with all the social privileges that being a Holmes confers!"
It seemed incredible but, had Sherlock been able, somehow, to voluntarily expire enough water from his tissues to reduce the circumference of his wrists and hands and, aided by his unique joint flexibility, slip out of his restraints?
John needn’t have said anything, at just the touch of his hand the brittle tension began to melt from Sherlock and he relaxed with a soft exhale.  He looked into John’s eyes and surrendered, unafraid of what he saw there; sadness yes, of course, but peacefulness too; a man broken… but the fragmented pieces recovered… and what was shattered could be re-formed… Sherlock breathed again.  He bowed his head to John in reverence before looking up at him once more.
John's head shot up. "What?! You are not, Sherlock! That is not true! And I'm a social-worker Sherlock, so I know a bit about it!"
Thursday evening arrived.  Sherlock had said to dress for the weather so John presented himself in the living room in his Derby shoes, new jeans, light wool shirt and a blue cashmere jumper; his favourite because it was the first gift that Sherlock had given him.  Sherlock appeared moments later, dressed in a tightly fitted, tailored suit that must have cost lord-only-knows-how-much but whatever the amount it was worth it, because he looked magnificent. Sherlock helped John into his oiled canvas Belstaff (another treasured indulgent gift), then shrugged on his own overcoat and ushered John out of the door.
"John," he said hoarsely, "Listen to me. You carried your son with you for seven months, day and night, and during those months how many times, every day, did you tell him how much you loved him?"
“Stay here luflíc, I will be back in a minute. I’m sorry, but it is necessary that I do this.”  John stowed a trembling, disoriented Sherlock in the puffy folds of his sleeping bag and, rifle in hand, pulled the entire drawer and its contents from the stand and strode from the room. At the outer door of the tent he flung the drawer, still full of its offensive contents, as far away into the darkness as he could. The camp dogs could drag it away and chew it to pieces!  He slammed the door and locked it again before returning to the bedroom.
John sagged with a groan.  Sherlock must have expected something of the sort to happen for he leaned into John and held him firmly.  Supporting him fully and still kissing him, he slid a long arm down John’s belly to his, by now, very erect cock.  At his touch, John groaned again and stiffened, involuntarily pulling his mouth from Sherlock’s with a gasp.  “God Sherlock!”
John could have left; gone to his own room, for Sherlock was sleeping peacefully, remarkably peacefully actually, but John didn’t want to leave. He was enjoying holding Sherlock, thrilled that Sherlock had lowered his guard at last and let John get close. So John was not about to let a raging erection come between them, now that he had Sherlock in his arms for the first time.
John didn't notice. He appeared perfectly at ease. In fact, he was the most relaxed that Sherlock had seen him. Giving up trying to stay focused on his research, Sherlock allowed himself to observe John. There was something different about him this evening. Sherlock was sure of it now. But what? If it could be scientifically discerned Sherlock would have known what it was, for no one was a more brilliant scientist that he. No, whatever it was it seemed to emanate from a different domain. The only clue as to the nature of it was in the impact it was having on Sherlock himself: a sensation of peacefulness, happiness, optimism…all good things, in fact, very good, but mystifying.
Sherlock struggled to contain himself. Succeeding at last he said, “Don’t be ridiculous, John. It’s a perfectly sound conclusion that I am not “the next bloke”. I…I know that.”
John’s eyes flew open. Sherlock’s words of the night before… they had been spoken in a whisper then and now they were even softer, but he sensed them overwhelmingly.
John, very aware of Sherlock’s eyes on him, chuckled as he trimmed a wound dressing with surgical scissors, “Keep that up, luflíc and you’ll find I no longer remember how to apply the simplest bandage.  Your eyes have the effect of making me forget even my own name, beautiful one.”
Sherlock sat back in his chair and fixed John with a steady gaze. "Please don't apologize, John. I'm the one who is sorry. It is inexcusable that in my line of work I failed to observe and understand what you have just been forced to tell me." His expression was sober.
John sighed and decided to make dinner. Sherlock’s appetite had been weak lately, even more so than usual. Perhaps John could tempt him into eating some of his favourite mushroom risotto when he returned.
He saw Blackburn’s barely discernable nod as the man muttered, “Heroes don’t exist,” and dropped into unconsciousness.
In case you're not a native-English speaker, the line "[to add] some fuel on the fire" when speaking about a person or situation means to aggravate the situation or to make it worse. In this case, John is teasing Sherlock about being wrong because he knows it will annoy him, hence the next thing I was going to put here in my little notes; "to get a rise out of [someone]"...is to deliberately annoy them for comic effect. (He really takes himself very seriously sometimes. John occasionally likes to work on this.)
As he lay there on the cold pavement - with everyone scurrying frantically around him and John almost deathly still, silently weeping beside him - he thought, if he survived this, if he came back from this, he could never do this to John again.
Sherlock glanced at John and went straight into the kitchen before she could get back downstairs. John just stood where he was and ate his canapé - which was lovely - and smiled at her as she walked back into the room. She hadn’t changed her clothes either, he noticed, relieved, feeling slightly more comfortable about the whole thing. She mentioned the ongoing cricket disaster as she passed him, to which he responded fairly sympathetically, and then she went straight back over to settle into what was clearly her preferred armchair…just as Sherlock reappeared with her drink.
They couldn’t hear Lucia’s reply, as she spoke quite quietly, but as Agatha was getting closer, they certainly heard hers.
He brought his own hand tentatively up to touch Greg’s side and at the first contact with Greg’s body through the fabric of his shirt, Mycroft gasped - mid-kiss or not. This was...
Sherlock sat back down again, hard, in an almost visible puff of petulance and hugged his knees in that sulky way he sometimes did.
Sherlock stood, a little gingerly, but was able to demonstrate an almost full normal range of neck movement - wincing a bit on rotating his head fully to the right; which made sense with the bruised left cheekbone. John had worked it out; he'd taken a blow to the left, thus forcing his head to rotate sharply to the right and then had immediately sustained a minor whiplash injury from the headbutt to the oaf. "Christ. When you do it, you do it really well, don't you?" asked John, meaning
John glanced over at Sherlock with a questioning expression on his face and raised a confused eyebrow.
Sherlock didn't return the greeting but said instead, "There's coffee in the kitchen, if you want it."
Siger scooped back all of the chopped parsley he had just created from the edges of the board into a little mountain, and started again with the chopper, changing direction to get everything. “Up there, they still—well, not everyone, John, but some of the old folk—back then they still used the term ‘the Old Year’s Night’ as a shortening for ‘the last night of the Old Year’…instead of, as we call it, ‘New Year’s Eve.’” He looked up at John and smiled. “The real oldies still bear a grudge about the Battle of Culloden! It’s typical of the Scots. They’re a bit of a pessimistic bunch. Very backward-looking, rather than forward-looking…‘The dour Scot’, eh?”
“Nonsense!” retorted Lucia briskly but cheerfully, putting the jug down on the centre of the table. “Let’s use them up!” she ordered, as Siger passed her the depleted Christmas cracker box and took the large serving plate back from Mycroft to carry on with the rest of the table. Lucia cradled the huge salad bowl in one arm hand and held the cracker box out to Sherlock to take it.
Sherlock glared at Mycroft like a younger sibling being dared to do something by their older sibling.
Then he clicked what Sherlock would have seen and realised instantly. An ancient bike plus relatively awkward and heavy art equipment to be transported all the way out here meant she must live very locally.
"What now?" asked John, irritated if there was going to be sarcasm to follow, because Sherlock had been in a bad mood all morning, and John was now at the end of his very long and normally very elastic tether. Sherlock's volatile mood swings and his sarcastic snappiness were trying at the best of times.
He’d been a little worried downstairs about how this first morning-after moment with the British Secret Service would go. “So, what’s yer poison, tea or coffee?” he asked, relieved, still smiling, shoving his hands in his dressing gown pockets.
Sherlock stopped in the doorway, his hand still on the base of his neck, and looked at John thoughtfully.
He slid the the scarf around his neck, knotted it neatly the way Sherlock had shown him - he called it the ‘London way’ for some reason - and went over to admire it in the bedroom mirror, stroking it down over his chest. He tightened it around his neck snugly, enjoying the soft, gently-enveloping warmth of it. It suited him so well; complementing his skin tone and his hair, and the deep, dark colour of it really brought out the blue of his eyes, as his Scottish Granny would have said. And just like Granny, Sherlock knew his stuff when it came to clothing too, he thought, musingly.
A glance at the clock showed just under an hour had passed. He felt so much better. No pounding head - no headache at all. He sat up slowly, and then he leaned over for the glass and drank the rest of the water, turning to look and noting that the only sign that Sherlock had actually really been there, and it hadn't just been a surreal dream, was the indentation in the pillow where Sherlock’s head had been, lying next to his own.
Dear God, if Sherlock ever had the misfortune to come face-to-face with Harvey Smith again he would not be held accountable for his actions…
“He killed the old lady because she was about to describe him.” It was anxiously stated and this together with the other things Blackburn had said, pointed to a man very much concerned about the wellbeing of the people in his life. John puzzled over this as he retook Blackburn’s vital signs and blotted the perspiration from his face countless times over the course of the morning. It was impossible to ignore the incongruence of the man John was nursing back to life and the cold-hearted man whose profile John had studied so carefully on the previous day.
John closed his eyes. "I was happy that afternoon Sherlock, it was a good day. Harvey had been away for most of the week and I was happy before this happened! The church is old and a bit run-down, but it's nice in a kind of threadbare way and peaceful."
“Am I to understand that you have lost my brother?” The man speaking was standing with his hands behind his back, surveying the view of London from his floor-to-ceiling office windows. His stiff posture and the angry lift of his chin belied his emotionless voice.  His back was to the man to whom he was speaking.
Lestrade's request for an explanation was aimed at Sherlock who was ignoring him, sitting very still and staring at John with a mixture of puzzlement and intense interest. Lestrade could almost see his head tilted to one side and his ears pricked forward…
By the time dawn had broken and John had left Sherlock’s room to crawl, exhausted, back into his own bed, he had resolved to say nothing. Instead he would keep a close eye on Sherlock and be prepared to deal with any developments as they arose. Reproductive cycles were difficult enough to predict in young Omegas, so John had no idea how Sherlock’s late development might manifest itself.
Lestrade seemed to be indicating that they should enter the cathedral through the sacristy door on its east side, so they proceeded, sliding along the exterior of the church's south wall. The door to the sacristy was unlocked and gave way when pushed to reveal a large, dim room. Ecclesiastical artifacts, relics and chalices gleamed dully in display cases and clerical vestments lined the walls; their gold and white trim glowing faintly in the dark. The scent of incense was discernible and the temperature of the air was as cold inside the church as it was outside.
The surveillance footage on the flash drive confirmed John’s initial impression of James Blackburn. Head and shoulders above everyone around him, Blackburn moved through London with an arrogant stride, often staring down his nose at someone, or something, that caught his attention. He was strongly built with broad shoulders and long legs. His height and weight, however, didn’t concern John. John knew he would be more than equal to subduing the man in a fight. However, a fight was not an option in the context of an apprehension of the sort John was hired to carry out. Speed and silence would be an absolute necessity, so John would have to rely heavily on the element of surprise and, if necessary, a sedative injection.
John knew the place when he saw it and ran. It was a portion of tube line, covered at one end and barricaded off for repair. Access to it was between two shops, now closed for the day.
John, unprepared for this all-out assault on his senses, went still and gazed with such unguarded longing at the magnificent expanse of warm, wet skin before him that Sherlock was certain victory was at hand.
He knew that tracking Sherlock wouldn’t be difficult; Sherlock's scent would be strong in the hot, still air of late afternoon in the city. John caught it immediately and began to follow it, moving quickly but preserving energy; Sherlock in his adrenaline fueled panic would be able to cover a long distance in a short amount of time and John must be able to follow him for at least a mile or perhaps farther.
But as quickly as the wave of Alpha aggression hit John, it eased. In Sherlock’s bedroom, he was able to pull Sherlock’s sheets over him with careful hands and say something soothing to him in a voice that almost didn’t shake.
John was discharged one day later by a dismissive doctor only relieved that someone had been found to take responsibility for him. John had remained withdrawn from Sherlock, in fact from everyone involved with his care but didn't object when Sherlock assisted him out of the hospital and into a cab. He was extremely weak; he subsided pale and limp against the back of the cab's seat and closed his eyes for the duration of the ride to Baker Street.
"There's nothing else Sherlock, I'm so grateful. Thank you. Now I can care for his body, put him to rest somewhere where I can visit him whenever I want. What you've done means everything, everything to me!"
Now at almost a complete loss for words but knowing this was a profoundly important moment, John said softly, “And it has to do with…sex? Tell me.”
Even though Sherlock was facing the wall, John could see his expression was unhappy. His heart clenched painfully, “Sherlock?” he asked.
“Shhh, Shhh, it’s alright sweetheart, it’s just a natural part of me, just John…and I’m yours now, to do with whatever you want, remember? I’m not going to do anything with my cock that you don’t ask me to, I promise Sherlock.”  He pulled himself away but continued to press kisses onto Sherlock’s face and mouth.  “Mmmmm, you taste so good!”
This was unexpected. Sherlock hesitated and then finally said, "But it matters to me, John. And it matters to me very much that criminals not get away with their crimes."
When John had addressed Blackburn earlier the man had listened to him, so in the same firm tone, John assured Blackburn that he would not be gone long and ordered him to remain still, placing a hand on Blackburn’s shoulder for emphasis. Blackburn nodded abruptly, lucid for an instant before reverting to slurred mumbling.  John gave him a concerned final glance and exited the room, locking the door behind him and hastily descending the stairs to collect his baggage from the car.
This wasn't in the least true, of course, but that was what microwaves were for, wasn't it? Sherlock smiled at John and closed the bedroom door gently. He then vaulted down the stairs to put two frozen meals to heat before John could arrive in the kitchen and catch him out in his fib.
Instantly awake he looked around to find that Sherlock was just across the room. He appeared to be pacing although not with his usual frenetic energy. He held his coat bundled in his arms containing, John could only assume, December.
The moment the agent’s attention on him wavered, John brought two clenched fists down hard, hitting the side of the man’s neck, knocking him out cold. He collapsed and lay still, face down in the wet leaf mold.
John considered his options. The arrangement had been to deliver Blackburn to RAF Welford, the closest UK, USAF base to London. Welford was only a one hour and 19 minute drive on the M4 but John knew that he would have to stop well before reaching it, given Blackburn’s present condition. He decided to maintain his current direction and take the few minutes required to get them out of London before the morning commuter traffic started. Stuck in traffic there would be little he could provide in the way of medical assistance to his prisoner.
"But that's not so John, in fact −" Sherlock paused but before he could begin again, John interrupted.
So Sherlock reached to stoke and touch, watching John’s neck and chest flush and feeling his rosy nipples harden under his exploring fingertips. He leaned forward to kiss John’s skin, tasting and breathing him in freely at last. Lost in sensation, he was slow to became aware of John tugging at his T-shirt with a frustrated, “Sherlock!”
But as searingly uncomfortable as the man’s examination of him was, John was unprepared for the loss he felt when Blackburn sighed slightly and turned his gaze to the ceiling before closing his eyes. John was pitched into a dark free-fall.  Too late, he wanted desperately to hold on to the look; it had seemed to offer him something…something important…
“Shhh, shhh, I’ll hold you. It’s alright. It’s just hormones, Sherlock. It will pass quickly, I promise, it will pass, my love.”
Once he was sure that John was soundly asleep; Sherlock kissed him one last time and rose to return to the kitchen to clean up the mess of broken beakers. He thought as he swept up glass. John. His beloved John. John was no longer who Sherlock had thought he was. He was no typical Omega he was Gaia. Sherlock could hardly believe it though! John had said nothing and surely he would have if he’d known. Sherlock stopped still. It seemed incredible but it was possible that John didn’t know of his special nature. But surely not! John was an adult; he’d been bonded for five years… Sherlock thought back to John’s confidences about his life as a bond mate and realized that rather than dispute it, John’s experiences confirmed it. Of course his Gaia nature had remained hidden from the violently abusive Harvey.
Sherlock rose immediately from where he'd been looking into his microscope while John made tea and lifted the boy high into the air, candy and all; whirling in circles as he did so.
No John, thought Sherlock grimly to himself in the silence. I don’t suppose it will. He felt sick at what he sensed was coming. But John seemed to want to talk about it so he gave him an encouraging hug and steeled himself to listen.
“Shh, shh! It’s alright. I’m not going anywhere.” John eased the boy back down onto the bed and although he hadn’t intended to, concerned it would only frighten him further, he impulsively put out a soothing hand to stroke the boy’s forehead.
But what was John doing now? He was helping Sherlock on with his overcoat, fastening the buttons up to Sherlock's chin and lifting the lapels. The scarf followed next, looped snuggly around Sherlock's neck and fluffed for good measure.
“My observations tell me that the sensitive little boy, who played in the brook and longed to share his love and his delight in the physical world with another, hasn’t gone anywhere.  His abusers didn’t succeed in destroying him, not at all.  He just went into hiding when he was hurt; he hid so deep and so well that not even you are aware that he is still here.  But he is still inside of you Sherlock; he still feels pleasure in worldly things and he loves. He has never left you.”
"I caught up with Mycroft after he left this afternoon and threatened that if he ever so much as hinted to you that I wanted a bond, I would play the video I have of him singing karaoke at Grannie's 80th birthday. I told him he could look forward to his moving rendition of "To All the Girls I've Loved Before," being played on the wall of the Diogenes Club on 'all members day'. At full volume."
John said softly, “I’m saying emotions are in flux on occasions like what happened yesterday and I want you to feel free to sort through all of them before we decide to change anything about our relationship…”
"Sherlock, the doctor says I'm pregnant. He said that there is no mistake. I am." John looked up at Sherlock, bemused. "I think…I think he's right Sherlock, I remember now, this feeling, I remember."
“Ah,” said Sherlock.  He explained, “I was curious about the hair on your face,” he looked bashful and added, “I…I should not have touched you, but...” he paused, “I wanted to.”
Sherlock didn’t respond in words but he tried to flatten himself against John’s chest and closed his eyes once more.
“I found the way easily enough, but…” Sherlock’s voice became small again, “After a few days of travel I became… ill…” he faltered, too shy to speak of his heat to John, “and needed water… that’s when the heremenn, the soldiers and the dogs, found me and chased me…” he shuddered.
The man subsided once more into incoherent mumbling and allowed John to assist him back to the couch. “Claudia and Max Bruhl…its arsenic…Kitty Riley…stupid…Brixton, Lauriston Gardens…but that was ages ago…why would she still be upset?”
John didn’t wait for an answer. He said, “Hang on; I’m going to shake them loose,” and as the Mercedes shot forward with sudden speed, he muttered approvingly, “Thank God it’s a decent vehicle…”
Sherlock's response was so unexpectedly subdued that John looked at him sharply. He softened his tone, “I can understand wanting to clean up, Sherlock; we can run your clothes through the washer too if you like.”
Sherlock was shaking in distress, “It’s the semen John, I can’t stand to see it or feel it!”  He choked, “She used to check my bed for it, and the handkerchiefs and towels, she checked my clothes and hands, everything. In the morning, she’d have Mycroft look at my sheets… Oh God, John! I was afraid every night. I wouldn’t let myself fall asleep.  I’d make myself stay awake so nothing would happen. It usually worked but once when I fell asleep I woke up in the morning and I could feel wetness and I saw it.  Oh God…,” he hugged his knees to himself and closed his eyes.
Mulling over the thoughts in his head, Lestrade turned to Sherlock, who arched a challenging eyebrow back at him. Now Sherlock on the other hand, Lestrade speculated…murdering Harvey certainly wasn't beyond the realm of possibility for him…but then again it wasn't likely that Harvey would have been dispatched as neatly and bloodlessly as he had been if Sherlock had been involved…
'… sometimes I don’t notice when you’re not here, John,' Sherlock had once said. He hadn't added…'it's because I take you with me wherever I go…'
John pocketed his mobile once more and stood motionless beside the car, staring at the entrance ramp, his face an unreadable mask.  For once he didn’t issue a sharp rebuke to stay put when he heard the car’s passenger door click shut and he found Sherlock standing beside him. Sherlock gave him a pained glance before closing his own eyes and sucking in a frustrated lungful of air.
“Mmmmm…” Sherlock’s voice rumbled against John’s ear and his arms slid around John from behind to pull him close.  “Cederwood…” he said, and kissed John’s neck.  “Oakwood…” he kissed John’s cheek. “Coffee bean…and…” Sherlock placed a kiss on John’s throat and tipped John’s head back against his shoulder.  He turned John’s chin toward him with gentle fingers.  Then, just before he settled his lips on John’s, he murmured, “Tobacco flower.”
John could hardly process what he was hearing. He knew of the recent massacre of the Simarine at the Sidesan Lakes.  It had been horrific, even by the standards of an already bloody war.  A disenfranchised faction of the enemy’s army, determined to access the region’s most precious resource, water, had, unthinkably, attacked the guardians of the lakes, the Simarine.  The Simarine had had a skilled defense force but, protected under a seemingly secure treaty, they had been surprised by the attack and overwhelmed.
The effort was too much for his failing system, Blackburn collapsed against the couch cushions. He struggled for breath, trying to speak to John, although the ability was leaving him, “Look at me! I’m afraid!” Blackburn’s pupils were the size of pinpoints as he stared at John. His lips were blue and his face white.
Lestrade touched John's arm and reluctantly, John turned to follow him. The two kept out of direct view from the nave; separated from it by a multitude of arches and dividers as they made their way along the south wall of the church. It was when, cautiously, they were crossing the main west entrance of the cathedral, and were directly under the clock and the pipe organ, that they were attacked.
They exited the flat together, emerging onto a still and silent Baker Street and set off in the direction of the cathedral. Unusual for London, the night was clear and a distant moon was visible. Their breath formed silver clouds in the darkness, matching the ghostly rime of frost clinging to the iron railings that lined the pavement.
John sighed, "Anyway, I looked around but there was nothing in the foyer to write on so I looked into the nave where I saw a table with some leaflets on it. I stepped in to pick one up and just as I did…"
John shuddered.  Then he closed his eyes and sighed.  He abandoned himself to the glory of it; the man he loved holding him, stroking him, the warm steam, the wonderful scent and the soothing glow of candlelight.  He lifted his chin for another kiss, which was immediately given, and began to move Sherlock’s hand under his own. It was only a minute or two later and he was jerking forward and with a loud groan and spilling into their clasped hands.
“And now, without your eyes upon me, I am devastated.” John put out a hand to drew Sherlock’s chin up and smiled into his eyes, “I was teasing you, my love. I’m learning that I’m conceited enough to like being the centre of your attention, I hope that you will always look at me the way you are now.”
Fortunately, John was not seriously hurt. He rose again almost immediately, blinking and shaking his head to face Sherlock once more.
Sherlock's voice and face were gentle again. "But John, what you told me was all I needed to know. Without your account, I would still be as much in the dark as before, we all would be. You are the one who helped solved the mystery, John."
"Language, John," reproved Sherlock without looking up, but his half-smile made another fleeting appearance.
So, his research complete, Sherlock went home to Baker Street, detouring only slightly to pick up what he knew were the best chips in Marylebone with which to tempt John's appetite for lunch. Conscious of a strong feeling of contentment he sighed as he entered his flat. John, it seemed, was occupying himself by dusting the bookshelf. He was standing, reading, with a duster under his arm and a book in his hands when Sherlock opened the door. He jumped at Sherlock's entrance but swiftly collected himself and asked politely if Sherlock had had a successful morning.
“Yes he is,” said John, now within feet of them, and raised his pistol to shoot Ed in the stomach. And when Ed lurched back under the force of the bullet and looked up at John in bewildered surprise, John shot him again, this time in the forehead.
John continued weeping for some time but he appeared to be more oriented than when Sherlock had first arrived so he said nothing more, just held John, trying to control the churning of his own emotions which were threatening to overwhelm him now that they had been cut loose.
"Therefore," he said, "it's my professional opinion that we should discuss his care going forward in private. He has bonded with Sherlock, so I recommend that it is in his immediate best interests that Sherlock should continue to supervise him while we discuss next steps."
“Relax, please.” John’s direction was spoken in a firm but quiet tone to which Blackburn responded immediately. He subsided under the light touch of John’s hands and submitted to his examination. His speech slurred, he muttered a reference to chest pain before drifting into unconsciousness once more.
Sherlock nodded, so John assisted him to the bathroom. John turned the water on to fill the tub and began to undress Sherlock; his clothes would join the others in the trash bag. John would remove his pistol from the bag for cleaning later and toss the rest of the contents in the bin.
John was sick again as Sherlock pulled his phone out and barked into it for Mycroft to send his doctor to the flat right away and to forget whatever bloody election he was meddling with!
The light, it turned out, was in the kitchen where the pub’s breakfast cook was at work. It was he who opened the door to John’s insistent ringing. A rather listless young man, he shrugged off-handedly at John’s story of excessive wedding celebrations and handed over a room key without comment. To John’s relief, he was nowhere to be seen a short time later when John half carried a staggering Blackburn up the main staircase of the pub to a second floor room.
He grinned and quickly peeled it off, tossing it aside and pressing his bare chest to John’s with a groan of pleasure. He wanted nothing more than to press as much of his body as he could to John beneath him, but hazily decided that that might be overwhelming for John, so instead, he rolled himself onto his back, taking John with him and began to run a long arm down and over John’s rounded bum.
It was another glorious day of married life; the best part of which was lunchtime of course which had stretched from one, to one-and-a-half, and then to two hours; neither of them noticing this in their complete absorption with one other. In the evening Sherlock forestalled the possibility of another enormous meal by bringing home John's favourite dishes of take-away Indian food for dinner. After dinner Sherlock suggested they relax together on the sofa with a film, one of his favourite activities because he could study John at his leisure and memorize small details while John was absorbed in watching the telly.
"And John would be who, exactly, Sherlock? If he is who I think he is, then we need to chat. Care to introduce me?"
And so Sherlock could drink his fill of John as he stroked and caressed, grateful that he could do this for John; fulfill his needs and give him pleasure. He firmly suppressed his own excruciating arousal and concentrated on pleasing John, learning what John liked and responded to most. He experimented, alternating light upward strokes and firm downward strokes and smooth thumb circles over the engorged head of John’s erection until abruptly, John writhed in his arms and arched against him with a choked off groan. He panted and shuddered once more before opening his eyes and reaching up with both arms to Sherlock. His face was full of amazed wonder as he kissed Sherlock and whispered into his ear. Sherlock answered with a soft growl of approval and kissed him back firmly.
He stilled Sherlock’s restless hands with his own and said slowly, “You are right Sherlock, I should have listened to you sooner.” He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers, “If I was any good at being your Alpha I would listen to you and accept your wisdom as equal to mine. I was being patronizing and for that I’m sorry. From now on we are partners, different but equal in this relationship.”
John rose from his knees with a wide smile and found himself suddenly wrapped in a fierce hug.  He was almost lifted off his feet as Sherlock held him tight and exclaimed, “I love you, John!” against his neck.
Sherlock slept soundly, waking later than usual, perhaps due to the unfamiliar emotional upheaval of the previous night. He sniffed. Yes, it was the fragrant aroma of toast. Puzzled, he rose and drawing his dressing gown tie-belt around his waist ventured into the living room and the kitchen of his flat. Sure enough, there was John, determinedly buttering toast and searching for mugs in the cupboard. He swung around to look at Sherlock and froze.
John waited a few seconds to ensure that Moran had truly gone before he moved.  Moran’s odor was strong in the bunker, he was obviously aroused and anticipating taking an omega.  His senses must have been dulled by arousal too, since he had failed to sense John's presence.  A low growl sounded in John’s throat, uncontained fury at the thought of Moran with Sherlock.  But he forced his mind back into focus.
Sherlock asked carefully, “So you are saying that you could conceivably have a fulfilling relationship…without sex, John?”
He felt himself being pulled back gently and heard Sherlock voice, husky and deep, behind him.  “Show me, John.”  He breathed in John’s ear, “Show me how to please you.” He drew John’s hand down to cover his own where it was caressing John’s cock.
John was controlling his reactions now, to the best of his ability, knowing his rage and the physical aggression he felt toward Sebastian wasn’t helpful at that moment. He breathed deeply and said quietly, “Sherlock, what Sebastian did to you was wrong and cruel, not to mention criminal. It was not your fault, no matter what you think, and it should never have happened to you.”
“He can be controlled with the right incentives and he has valuable… skills,” he added the last word slowly. His expression hardened, “The questioning of captives for one.  Not many have what it takes to do it, but it is necessary, I assure you, despite what headquarters may say.”
“What is it with you and food?!” Sherlock frowned at John and exclaimed, “I suffered a drug overdose! Not starvation!”
Under the blast of John’s fury, Sherlock took several steps backward toward their vehicle. “But John, I…”
Blackburn showed no surprise at the question.  He shook his head almost imperceptibly.  After a short silence he said, “Not any more.  Its appeal is…occasional.”
Dear God, John wanted Sherlock! It would be easy to take him now! He would spend the rest of the night mastering this exquisite creature; uninterrupted hours tasting and possessing every inch of him, reveling in his liquid heat and helpless submission. He knew Sherlock would not resist him, every alpha instinct told him so.
There was bitter hiss from the bed. "Mr. Holmes, in my experience they get away with them all of the time."
Someone on the other end of the line evidently picked up the call immediately for what John heard next was the scathing retort, “Of course it is I, you idiot! Unless you’ve taken to giving your number out to the wait-staff!”
After another pause came the next hopeful question, "Does that mean that Batman could be my friend too?"
Sherlock turned, his mouth twisting bitterly, “Safe John?! What do you care about my safety?! You knew this would happen, didn’t you?! And you hid it from me! You let me think it was sunstroke! Didn’t you? Didn’t you?” and then, when John's mouth opened but no sound emerged, Sherlock demanded again, “Answer me!”
John was unprepared for the sudden press of long fingers against his throat and the unfocused but flinty blue stare that met his own. Blackburn's stunning gaze held John’s for a second before his other hand was on the door handle and he was in the process of levering himself out of the car. But before Blackburn could get further, John, his reflexes fast, was able to draw the syringe that he had prepared for just such an emergency, from the console beside him. He jabbed the needle into Blackburn’s neck and held him as he subsided back against the passenger seat.
“You sweetheart,” breathed John and kissed him again.  He dried and wrapped Sherlock in the other towel, blew out the candles and pulled him into his bedroom. There he urged Sherlock into bed, naked, and joined him after laying his new robe carefully over the back of a chair.  He cuddled Sherlock close and suggested, “A little lie-in then?”
There was silence as they pulled away from the cottage. The afternoon was still early enough to drive without headlights although the unrelenting rain, now accompanied by a light mist, impeded visibility greatly. John’s expression was a frozen mask, his eyes fixed on the road. Sherlock’s mouth was tense and there was a slight frown between his eyebrows. He glanced sideways at John several times but said nothing.
But John interrupted. “Sherlock, I like the physical closeness we have now. But you need to know that I’m dysfunctional in other ways.” He was now looking at the floor, anywhere except Sherlock.
Sherlock was anxious. "Are you sure John? Let me look at you. I have to know that you really want this for yourself and not for me." He held John's face gently in order to study him carefully. John knew better than to attempt to communicate anything other than the truth under the scrutiny of that all-seeing, ice-blue gaze. He bore it with equanimity for there was nothing to hide and everything to share.
James Blackburn was a striking looking man. He had a head of dark curly hair worn longer than was currently fashionable, a long face with unusually high and prominent cheek bones and strangely bright eyes and an intense gaze, noticeable even in a black and white photo.
"Then will you bond with me, Sherlock? It is the only thing that could possibly make me any happier than I am already. Please?"
Something in John’s voice reached Sherlock in his dark place and he slowly raised his face, his eyes searching John’s.
He was silenced by a firm kiss.  “No John. You were wounded and now you are healing and almost well again.  There is a difference.”
The man looked up at the ceiling before meeting John’s eyes again with his now familiar intense stare.  “My name is Sherlock Holmes.  I reside at 221B Baker Street, London.  I am a consulting detective−when I’m not being forced by the British Government to take on futile and pointless undercover assignments.” His tone was sour.
John, experiencing a heart stopping moment of pure joy and relief at seeing the blue shimmer of Sherlock’s eyes, smiled down at him.  “That’s better, leifling. It is my duty to vanquish your fears.  You must allow me to fulfill it.”  He smoothed away the droplets of water falling from his own forehead onto Sherlock’s with a light finger.  Sherlock looked as though he wanted to respond to John but, although it opened, no sound emerged from his mouth.  He stared up at John with huge eyes.
John blushed scarlet. “Um no. But I don’t…well…you know, by myself, because it feels too lonely and with Harvey…well, I told you about that. And I don’t remember anything like that when I was a teenager, before I married.” He blushed again.
Example: "On November 4, 2009, an Italian judge convicted 22 suspected or known CIA agents....delivering the first legal convictions in the world against people involved in the CIA's extraordinary renditions program."
John grappled with his mistake. “No! Yes! I mean that is not what I meant! I do want you forever, make no mistake about that! I will go with you anywhere and for always, to all the worlds that exist!”  He kissed a tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “Is that what you want? Are you certain?”
By the end of this unexpected speech, Lestrade's expression had begun to resemble something like Sherlock's; surprise and confusion, only without the panic.
Something was wrong. Sherlock was awkward, uncomfortable. Oh God, John thought, I shouldn't have stayed with him last night. What was I thinking! I’m always aroused in the morning, and this morning it was probably worse than usual, having spent the night so close to him. He noticed. Of course he did, he’s a detective for God’s sake!
But now, he thrust open the door of the bath room with a booted foot and, keeping a firm arm around the fragile body he was cradling, bent over the tub to turn the taps on full.
However, Sherlock was returning his concerned look over the child's head with an expression as if to say, What!? Really John, sometimes I think you don't know me at all!
He prowled the flat moodily, picking up objects and putting them down again. Sherlock had been gone too long. John was worried about him; he’d been very upset when he left. But John didn’t know what to do, if anything. He’d hoovered the flat and disposed of the dust bag; washed the floors and laundered the seat covers on their sofa. The windows were still open so the flat was free of any scents other than their own now. Hopefully that would make Sherlock feel better when he came home. He had looked truly ill when he left.
"John, stop fussing about my health like someone's maiden aunt. There is nothing wrong with my back," responded Sherlock, but the rebuke was uttered in a mild tone.
"For God's sake John, you're ill! Please just lie still for a moment. I'm getting you a pillow and a blanket."
John drew a gulping gasp of air and squeezed his eyes shut as if to block out the memory. "I felt him, Sherlock, I felt Geoffrey!"
John stroked his curls soothingly. “Sometimes bumps to the head do funny things to our emotions, Sherlock. Try not to worry about it right now. Your head has had enough strain for tonight.”
John gave a choked laugh.  “I don’t think it works that way, Sherlock.”  He scrubbed his face with his hands and drew a deep breath.  When he turned around to look at Sherlock, his expression was set. He said, “Get your coat, Sherlock. I’m taking you back to London.”
“Good.” John smiled again and squeezed Sherlock’s hands before saying, “Have a cup of tea and let’s check the email to see if there are any new cases.”
Sherlock's hand moved perceptibly closer to John's again as he continued. "After you were assaulted and pushed to the floor, you said you searched for your dropped mobile, again you would have found the letter had it been in the nave or the foyer but you saw nothing. My certain conclusion? There was nothing to find because the letter was not yet there."
John, hidden and motionless behind the pallets, heard more grunts and a heavy crash.  The Sergeant, wild with rage and pain must have attacked and succeeded in unbalancing Moran and they both had fallen to the floor.  He heard Moran curse in fury and seconds later a gunshot which almost deafened him, amplified as it was in the enclosed bunker.
He gave his head a small shake, shrugged his shoulders and turned from the window.  He’d wait for Blackburn to wake and then persuade him to eat and drink.  Something told him it wouldn’t be an easy task.
John exhaled the breath he'd been holding to prompt softly, "Leifling, open your eyes for me again. It is safe, I promise."
He groaned and rolled onto his side.  He was exhausted from a 16 hour shift in the hospital tent.  The last thing he wanted was to be kept awake by fighting among the enlisted men drinking and carousing outside his tent.  They were a crude and undisciplined lot; there was a concerning lack of order in these outposts far from the centre of operations. He rubbed his shoulder tiredly; if they kept it up, he’d put a stop to it himself, he was in no mood to tolerate loud drunks.
So John rose quietly; he showered and dressed and made his way to the kitchen to make tea, boil eggs and toast bread. Sherlock hadn’t eaten since early the previous day and would need sustenance when he woke up.
His arms back in the air, John shouted, “Don’t shoot, I’m unarmed! I’m unarmed!” His voice sounded panic stricken.
The flare of arousal he felt as his hand encountered John’s slickness and throbbing heat undid him; John felt so achingly ready that Sherlock, despite his intention to hold back, found himself helplessly stoking John’s entrance with purposeful fingers; an instinctive act of preparation for mating. John’s response was electric; he moaned, arched and buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, clenching eagerly against Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock, overwhelmed by the powerful drive to mate, pulled John to him fiercely and inserted an insistent finger into him; an unmistakable Alpha demand for Omega submission. John shuddered with pleasure as his body obeyed Sherlock’s command by relaxing and releasing a hot flush of his natural lubricant over Sherlock’s hand. He then lay still, on his belly, breathing shallowly, with his thighs parted, waiting for his Alpha to claim him.
John flicked off the torch and waited the few seconds required for his eyes to adjust to the darkness again.  He judged that Moran would be returning at any moment and he didn’t intend to be caught by surprise, nor did he wish to engage him unless there was no other option. Sherlock needed rehydrating as soon as possible and John did not want to waste time on Moran if he could avoid it.  Moran would be dealt with once Sherlock was out of danger.
“Hey…you don’t have to do anything, remember?  You don’t have to apologize to me, I love you Sherlock, being at your side is more than enough. I meant that when I said it! I’m very happy with you Sherlock! In fact, I feel like the luckiest man in the world! You are amazing!”
Once he was satisfied the room was clear, John opened the door and pulled the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign from the door handle and tacked it over the bullet holes. “This will buy us 24 hours at least before any local authorities are called...perhaps longer; the room’s been paid-up for three days.”
Although seconds were critical, John took the time to arm himself with more than his pistol before he set out after his targets.  Once he had prepared himself for a full fight, should it come to that, he emerged from his tent into what was still an early morning although daylight was increasing rapidly.
"Caught you at a bad time?" Lestrade quipped, trying to diffuse the tension in the room. It didn't work.
Unfortunately, Doris, for that was the social worker's name, didn't notice it; being distracted by the rain and intent on getting back to her ever-growing caseload; from which even Christmas day offered no respite.
“Good.” John nodded approvingly. He picked up their assailant’s weapon from the floor, added it to his own which was tucked in his belt and dragged their attacker’s body over to the closet where he shoved it unceremoniously inside and closed the door. The body hidden, he scanned the room for anything left behind that might indicate who it was that had stayed there.
John‘s voice was soft and his eyes shining with love and compassion. He said again, “Come to us, Sherlock.”  He drew Sherlock closer and whispered, “Look at me.”
John pulled Sherlock’s chin up and looked into his eyes, willing him to see what was in his heart. Sherlock stopped crying and stared, then nodded briefly before closing his eyes and allowing John to draw him back on the sofa seat and into his arms.
“Even when I went into heat the first time after our marriage, the bond didn’t take hold and after that nothing worked for me again.” John hugged himself protectively, “We had to have a medically induced bond but even after the forced bonding I still couldn’t respond to Harvey.”
“God, Sherlock! I do not want to hear about that! Where on earth is your Omega sense of self-preservation anyway?!”
He sighed, knowing there was no point in wasting time dwelling on his past glory. He would move in with Sherlock, it was the only option available to him anyway, and try to find some satisfaction and meaning in whatever he could still do as a physician.
Before long they came upon what looked, in the feeble light available, to be a maintenance shack, set back from the river and obviously deserted. At the door, although it seemed to be with some reluctance, Sherlock did pass the sleeping child to John so he could pick the lock and open the door − in almost complete darkness, John noted with admiration.
Sherlock’s blush deepened, but he brought his long fingers up to touch John’s cheek. He whispered, “I cannot seem to help it, Ælfric.”
Sherlock flushed and lowered his head. Lestrade gave a weak chuckle at this rare sight as he was loaded into an ambulance and sped on his way to the hospital.
But why was Sherlock overcome now? The truth of the situation dawned on John quickly. Sherlock, having realized that he wanted to keep the boy hadn't anticipated having to give him up so soon. He had not in the least been expecting someone from Child Welfare to appear and take him away.
John, in full crisis mode, knelt on one knee in front of Sherlock, laid a hand on his shoulder and tried to get his attention.
John did not need a second invitation, he tugged them off and let them drop off the side of the bed as he asked, “Would you like me to take your trousers off too? Do you want to be naked together, Sherlock?”
John whispered, "I wish I'd died as well, Sherlock. I wanted to go with him. I keep thinking that he's frightened and lonely without me. I should have gone with him."
John, back in control of himself, wrapped the T-shirt around Sherlock snuggly and held him close, “We are leaving this terrible place now, luflíc,” he said, his voice hoarse with emotion.
"A bishop!? But Father Stansell at St. Patrick is the latest one to receive a threat−" Lestrade protested, only to be interrupted again, this time by Sherlock rolling his eyes impatiently ceiling ward.
John's expression held incredulity, a sense of betrayal even. "How could you believe that after how he treated me? You were there, Sherlock, you saw him and heard him! You think I miss that? That I'd grieve for that?"
But John was already in the hall preparing for their departure.  Bending to his duffle, he shrugged at Sherlock’s protest. “Perhaps, but they won’t succeed in killing me before I get you back to London. And after that? It hardly matters.” He was packing his weapons and ammunition as he said this and so missed Sherlock’s look of dismay at his words.
Foxley was in darkness as John drew the car to a stop at the Rookwood Arms. He parked behind a large shrub, hidden from view from the street, more out of habit than a sense of threat, although one couldn’t be too careful.  There had been no sign of life in the village as they had driven through it. Neither was there any activity to be seen in the pub, although a light was visible from one of its back room windows.
John was still fluffing pillows when Sherlock emerged from the loo. Sherlock's side of the bed was now mounded in so many duvets that it looked like an overblown field mushroom. John cheerfully patted the bed and as Sherlock climbed in he proceeded to mound the duvets up over Sherlock and, for heaven's sake, was John tucking him in? It was going to be a long night of thinking, not to mention a very hot one.
“She’s only using you for sex, John. Just like all the other Alphas she’s enticed into fucking her of late, and I can tell you there have been many. She’s trying to make her dominatrix jealous enough to bond with her. You might want to re-think your plans for the evening. She is HPV positive after all.”
So one evening, on the pretense of needing temporary space to grow mold cultures, he moved every tea cup and mug to the highest shelf in their cupboard. It was his intention to be present in the morning when John needed a mug and assist him to reach it…pressing his chest against John’s back while he did so. However, he was caught-out by John rising unusually early. When Sherlock, upon hearing him up, hastily arrived in the kitchen, it was to find John perched precariously on a chair and stretching for a mug. Horrified, Sherlock reached for John and enfolded him safely in his arms, kicking the chair out of way. “God, John,” was all he could mumble. John’s confidence and pleasure were the goals of his seduction campaign not a broken leg or worse. He would never forgive himself if John was hurt because of something he had done!
Once back on the sofa with the biscuits and tea, Sherlock realized that perhaps he hadn’t thought through all the possible outcomes of his experiment sufficiently, for he found that he spent the rest of the evening uncomfortably aroused himself. Lifting his eyebrows ruefully ceiling ward, he hugged John close to him and decided that discomfort or not, the experiment had been worth it.
Sherlock interrupted, beside himself with anger and fear, “You thought you could breed me and enslave me, didn’t you?! That’s why you didn't tell me!” He then turned and wrenched at the door handle, frantic to get away from John.
Sherlock obeyed John’s instructions and groaned, throwing back his head and sucking in air with a gasp. “John! Oh God, John, touch me, please!” His eyes flew open and he sought John’s for the first time since the bath. John, unprepared for his gaze and the bolt of blue lightning that burned through every defense he had erected, answered Sherlock’s call by gathering him close and beginning to roughly kiss his open mouth. He held and kissed Sherlock firmly, breathing in the deep groan of Sherlock’s climax and capturing his writhing body as he came.
“Belt up, Sherlock,” John’s words were soft.  And when Sherlock didn’t appear to hear him he half smiled and leaned over to draw the belt across Sherlock’s chest and click it into place.
John’s heart broke under the weight of this small omega’s pain.  He held him tightly, murmuring comfort to him and stroking his slender back.  John knew the tears were necessary and didn’t attempt to stop them.  All he could do was protect and comfort Sherlock in this time of vulnerability, ensuring his safety while he grieved.
John said, “No. Smoking is bad for you.” He stopped in surprise.  Where on earth had that statement come from?
Sherlock took his hand and brought it to his lips, “You can tell me anything John. Anything. Nothing will change how I feel about you. Trust me on that.”
Instantly alert, Sherlock closed the book and drew John to his chest; resting his chin on John’s head. “What is it?”
“I want you to have some tea and soup,” he told Blackburn. “And stop trying to get off the couch, you’ll hurt yourself,” he added to a struggling Blackburn, who was trying to heave himself unsteadily from the cushions.
Before their marriage he and Sherlock had discussed having children, after-all John adored children and would have been happy to raise at least a half-dozen of them. But his beloved wasn't as confident. Sherlock, who John knew to be a deeply nurturing man, despite all protestations to the contrary, was as insecure and unsure of himself with children as he was with people in general and had declared that he was certain he'd make a terrible father. However, his expression had been sad when he said it and John, whose instincts where Sherlock was concerned never failed him, had sensed an underlying longing.
"I know you're an ex-army medic who's only recently returned home. You were medically discharged — there's a bullet wound in your left shoulder. You've never been to an LGBT bar before, and you're nervous about it. You're struggling financially — you can't go to your family for help; you're socially isolated, but you also can't afford to be in London, yet you wouldn't want to be anywhere else."
John is pulled from his cycle of anxiousness by the door creaking on its hinges. Bare feet stick to the floorboards, and the bed beside him sinks under the weight of a consulting detective. John turns to face the intruder as Sherlock pulls the covers back over him and sinks his head into the pillow.
“Ohh look at you two, you should have got married.” That is low, even for the circumstances. I regret the words as soon as they leave my mouth and the look Sherlock gives me chills my core. I saw him at the wedding; I know how he feels. That’s not the difficult part. It’s not as easy as forgiving everything and running into his arms.
His breath catches in his throat as he recognises the remains of the chair in front of him — 221B. The carcass of the flat spreads around him, each turn of his head revealing a new fragment discarded. The wallpaper is shredded, the yellow face missing half its smile, and the skull lies black and crumbling beneath.
"You should really close your tabs once you've finished with them." Sherlock concedes, raising an eyebrow suggestively. John lets out a bark of laughter.
“No, but Mycroft filled me in this morning. I couldn’t leave the station, I needed to make sure you got released as soon as possible.”
"No, you're not." Sherlock's lips curl into a half-smile, and John feels his own mirror in response.
"Are you going to disappear mysteriously again?" He asks, trying to suppress the shiver running through his nerves.
A comfortable silence stretches between us. The last year has been nothing but silence. We’ve been tiptoeing around each other, trying to pretend we're not both drowning. It’s time for it to end.
Sherlock doesn't reply, instead fishing around in his pocket and pulling out a turquoise and navy card with John's face on it.
Someone who loved me, someone who cared, would not be reduced to the role of a client. They would fight, as equals, to fix this. Instead, she fits herself in the narrative she thinks I need.
The bar is busy for a Thursday night. John hadn't expected it to be, but the larger crowd helps him blend in more. He feels awkward as he walks through the door — most of the people here are in groups, chatting away around tables or huddled in corners. There are a few people on the dance floor, their skin glowing violet in the purple overhead lights.
“You could come home.” He says this very matter of factly, as if he couldn’t care less, but I hear the slight drop in his voice that says otherwise. I’m scared that I imagined it, that my desperation for some sort of a sign is making me hear things.
They spend the next few minutes in silence, both watching Sherlock become increasingly frustrated as he examines every inch of the body. Eventually, he stands, putting his magnifying glass back into his pocket with a little more force than necessary — scowling as he stalks his way over to the pair watching in the distance.
John's brow furrows as he looks the man up and down, his stomach uneasy at how much the stranger knows about him.
For almost the entire two hours, he runs Sherlock's words over in his head, trying to work where they went wrong. He spins himself into circles, working through the same problems over and over again, and by the time it hits quarter-past six, he's not made any headway.
The thought overwhelms him — pushing all of his senses to the periphery. The pain dulls, just slightly, and his blood fills with an overriding urge to live. He can't think straight; can't calm his mind long enough to come up with a plan, and his body won't coordinate with him, but every cell in him screams in protest. A whimper escapes his throat before he can stop it. It sounds pathetic against the drip of blood from his chest, and it only serves to make the woman smile — a toothy grin that sends icy shivers through his bones.
Sherlock huffs with annoyance, opening his mouth to protest again, but swallows his words at the glare John gives him.
I clench and unclench my jaw, the headache already forming at my temples. Is it not enough that I’ve been lied to? That I’ve been lost for months, trying to understand the emotional conflict in my head, only to find that I’ve been used the whole time? Do they have to keep kicking me, flaunting their intelligence?
He sits and talks to John for an hour, barely pausing for breath, narrating every thought that comes into his head. Plans of how to best Moriarty; a detailed description of what’s happening in John’s body; everything that passes through his head gets spoken aloud. He stops only when his throat becomes sore and scratched. They sit in silence then, Sherlock holding onto John’s hand as if he can push his own life force into him.
“It’s not—“ I start, but stop myself. What’s the point of denying it? I’ve always had a strange relationship with my sexuality, especially seeing everything Harry went through growing up. It took me a long time to get comfortable with the idea that I wasn’t straight, especially knowing that I wanted to be in the army — I convinced myself that the two things weren’t compatible. When I enlisted, I had initially tried to hide behind my bisexuality — to bury myself behind their assumptions of heteronormativity. I’m glad that in the end, the truth came out, (albeit under the influence of alcohol) and I was accepted for who I was, rather than the lie that I was trying to perpetuate.
Silence falls again for the first time in minutes, their gaze unbreaking. Every wall John has built, each layer of protection he's guarded himself with for the last thirty years, all of it melts away. It was not the question Sherlock had asked, but it was the question John needed to answer.
He has an interview in the afternoon — a general practitioner position at a clinic in Camden. He's wholly overqualified, but there seems to be nowhere else that will take him. Veteran surgeons aren't in high demand.
Sherlock is wearing nothing but a baggy t-shirt and boxers, and the bed is still made from the previous morning- he hasn’t even tried to sleep; there’s too much adrenaline in his system. It makes his skin shiver— the excess energy trying to escape in any way possible. It’s not a new feeling, he often feels like this after a case, but usually his mind is not quite as noisy. There are so many thoughts racing after each other, all begging for his attention. What had pulled Moriarty away? What was he planning next? Why was Sherlock so afraid to die?
He knows they should talk about it. Should set some boundaries and understand the gravitas of what they both agreed to, but John couldn’t get his mouth to form the words. In the end, they both retired to their separate bedrooms without uttering a word.
"Good afternoon, gentlemen," Lestrade calls out with a superficial cheeriness. John can see the dark circles under his eyes, the coffee in Lestrade's hand doing nothing to hide the exhaustion in his face.
The task turns out to take longer than expected. Baker Street is dark by the time Sherlock throws the laptop down in frustration.
“Ten!” The countdown starts from the living room, and John turns to glance over his shoulder, seeking out the missing detective. Sherlock makes no effort to move, instead identifying and cataloguing all of the data pouring off the doctor.
"Thank you," John murmurs against the pillow. The room has settled, a thick cloud of tranquillity wrapping around them.
"Here," Sherlock reaches his hand out, and John passes the jumper to him. Sherlock drapes it over the nearby radiator, taking exceptional care to make sure it is spread out completely. There's a tranquil silence, both regarding each other in the space. Their roles feel reversed — Sherlock observing from the sofa, and John searching through the evidence. It's strange, a peaceful upheaval that leaves a contentedness in his stomach. It's time to face the thing he's been avoiding. He clears his throat.
John goes to speak but is interrupted by a doctor coming to check John's vitals. Sherlock tries to move his hand, but John squeezes his wrist again, so he stops. John closes his eyes for most of it, overwhelmed with a sudden wave of fatigue, although all he has done is sleep for god knows how long. John knows he should let himself; his body is still healing, but there is a nagging fear in the back of his mind that if he lets himself go, this will all be a dream. He'll wake up back in the desert/Baker Street hybrid, and Sherlock will be gone again.
Part of him feels bad — using Mike like this. He should have contacted him before, asked for a genuine meetup, rather than to gain information about his mysterious Sherlock Holmes. Still, he's here now, and that's what counts. Probably.
"If I want it?" John tries to hide the mirroring hitch in his voice, but it only serves to make him sound more panicked than intended. He scolds himself, forcing his shoulders to relax and seem less defensive. He is surprised at the proposition, not because he wasn't expecting this conversation to arrive, but because he hadn't expected it to be so soon. Or for it to come from Sherlock.
It isn't that he doesn't want to be here, on the contrary, he'd looked forward to the experience — he just felt out of place; massively outside his comfort zone. He doesn’t make a habit of visiting bars in general, let alone gay ones. He wants to be here, to try something new, but he doesn't feel like he entirely belongs yet. He's only recently started to understand his sexuality — to come to terms with the fact that perhaps he’s not quite as straight as he'd thought. He feels silly; a man his age should surely have worked that out sooner. After everything he's been through, all the things he's discovered about himself, his bisexuality should have been one of the easier things to decipher. It's not as if he's never had sex with a man, but each time he caught himself reassuring himself that it was strictly platonic — a purely transactional event. Until it wasn't. At thirty-five years old, he suddenly finds himself re-evaluating his life through the new lens of his queerness. And it is... surprisingly, okay.
"No. Something else," he says softly, turning the laptop so John can see the screen. There, staring back at him, is a picture of him dressed in his army uniform. It takes a while for John's brain to catch up with what he's seeing; Sherlock has found his old profile.
"Why would they use the same profile? Surely you'd want to use different accounts, so it couldn't be traced back to you."
Sherlock took care to shut the bedroom door quietly behind him as he entered the kitchen. John had always been a light sleeper — a leftover habit from the army — and these days he slept even lighter; one ear always open for the toddler upstairs.
The knocker, heavy and cold to touch, makes a satisfying sound against the wooden door as he knocks. As he waits for someone to answer, he takes a step back and surveys the building. Curtains flutter out the open window of the floor above, the sound of a violin spilling into the street below. John is mesmerised by the sound, startled only by the door being swung open.
"Turns out you actually need to pay rent, which is, uh, inconvenient." John gives a nervous laugh; a half-hearted attempt to lighten the situation.
Sherlock grins, apparently having found what he was looking for. He spins the laptop around so John can read it, reaching into the pocket of his blue robe for his phone. The laptop is open at the government statistics website; an article on census information that John isn't sure of its relevance.
Sherlock sighs and closes the laptop with a snap, plunging the room into darkness. John switches on the floor lamp as he walks over to sit at the other end of the sofa.
Sherlock raises his head in alarm, straightening his spine and blinking excessively, as if trying to process the information.
They fall into silence, Sherlock resuming scrolling through the contents of the victim's phones. For a minute, John thinks that's the end of the conversation. He reaches back for his book, but Sherlock speaks again before he can open it.
“Because this is where you sit and talk, and this is where we sit and listen, and we decide whether we want you or not.” This is the final test. The last desperate cling to my marriage.
“Everyone got a drink? It’s almost time!” Mrs Hudson leads the way into the living room, where the television is on, streaming the live view from Southbank.
"Who knew Sherlock Holmes just needed a good shag." A giggle escapes Lestrade's lips, and John glances down at his feet. He's not embarrassed about sex, never has been, but this feels different. Perhaps it's the realisation that this is more than just lust.
"I was meeting a detective from Scotland Yard. I'm not alone." His words are starting to slur, blurring together as he tries to keep his eyes open. The lids are heavy with whatever she drugged him with; it's taking everything in his power to stay on the edge of consciousness.
Hours later, as darkness settles into Lestrade's office, John is pulled from his daydream by the sound of a file hitting the table.
John laughs, a bellowing chortle that attracts the attention of a few nearby tables. Sherlock joins in, his a little more reserved, but a laugh all the same.
John nods. He could see how having your life story announced to the world would make some people agitated. Still, he silently disagrees with Donovan's analysis.
If he was alone, or if it were anyone else stood at that poolside, Sherlock wouldn’t have thought twice. He would have shot the Semtex and sent them all up in flames. But there was John, and Sherlock was suddenly afraid of dying.
“I’m glad you found the place okay,” Sherlock smirks as he wanders over, holding a beer and a glass of wine.
"Okay, so what happened," John asks, wincing as he tries to sit himself up. Sherlock places a hand on his chest to stop him, but John waves him off, slowly inching himself up into a sitting position.
Sherlock is struggling as he tries to explain the details of the case. His voice keeps catching and his sentences become interrupted as he gasps for breath. Mary watches with reserved attentiveness, and I’m struck once again with the absurdity of the situation.
A glance at the clock told him it was three am. Sherlock couldn’t sleep. It was becoming easier these days, a mixture of age and routine, but there were still nights when he couldn’t switch his brain off long enough to let darkness claim him.
I have finally got to a place where I don’t care what people around me think — most of the time. I know who I am and I know that part of me will never change, regardless of what people think. Sometimes, however,
"Well that's different, it's not relevant to the work." Sherlock flaps his hand in dismissal. "Besides, how am I expected— " Sherlock stops mid-sentence. John's stomach sinks. Sherlock never stops in the middle of a sentence. Ever.
The beam Sherlock emits almost melts John's heart. He'd promised himself to wait until after the case, when the threat of a serial killer isn't hanging over their heads, but he finds himself filled with a slither of unexpected confidence. Sherlock is inviting him into his space — asking him to take a more active part in his life. If that isn't the sign that John's been waiting for, then he doesn't know what is. Still, he can't help the gnawing self-doubt that he's reading more into this than he should.
. Your comments are priceless, and I'm sorry for endangering your laptop. I promise I can use apostrophes correctly.
Sherlock hovers by the window, hands fidgeting in his pockets. His eyes follow John’s around the room, as if this sudden shift is visible to him.
Thank you to ChaserJinx8065 for this prompt! (Second best thing I ever did was drag you into Doctor Who. The best thing was dragging you into Sherlock. You're welcome.)
I'd give you my sunshine, give you my best, but the rain is always gonna come, if you're standing with me.
He lets his gaze roam around the room again, and the familiarity of it surprises him. He still has a long way to go; nothing has been magically fixed by the detective sauntering into his life, but for the first time in years, everything feels calmer. Yes, he wonders how much there is left to learn about himself, what secrets his mind is hiding, but for now the thought doesn’t scare him. He’s alive. He’s happy; that’s all that matters.
He questions himself again, unsettled by this apprehension that keeps overwhelming him. He's never been the shy one in a relationship, he's not afraid to ask for what he wants, but something about this is different. Is he afraid to take the leap because he knows that once he does, he will become utterly consumed by the whirlwind that is Sherlock Holmes? Once he gives himself over to the detective, there's no going back. Every day he feels himself falling a little harder, his heart beating a little faster. He has memorised the different expressions Sherlock uses when studying a crime scene — he can tell what direction Sherlock's brain is moving in based on the slight twitch of each muscle in his face. The masseter contracts and tenses his jaw whenever a theory is ruled out, and the lateral oculi muscles tense when he dips into his mind palace for a fragment of information.
"I've tried to get her to stop. He probably got under her skin once, you've seen how he deduces people. She won't tell me exactly what happened."
"Lestrade, I need access to their phones. Remote access will do; I just need to see what apps they've got installed."
“Good morning to you too,” John pushed his weight backwards, playfully nudging into the detective’s chest. Sherlock swayed slightly but effortlessly regained his footing, wrapping a long arm around John’s waist for balance.
“Kiss me.” He repeats, and I lean in and hover mere inches from his lips. I can feel his breath tickle my skin.
"Yes, we sent some officers over this morning. No partner, just a couple of flatmates and extended family. We're getting statements from them this afternoon."
John catches Sherlock glancing at him from the corner of his eye. He'd obviously been braced for the possibility that John's PTSD could rear its ugly head. Unlike John, however, Sherlock seems unsurprised when it doesn't.
A flash of fear runs through him, causing the hair on the back of his neck to stand on edge. Daniel Murphy was in the same bar, talking to the same man, and now he's dead.
Mrs Hudson reaches up to place a hand on his. John had told him once, not that he needed to, that Harry was the only family he had left. He’d never known his Dad- gone before he turned two- but his Mother had passed away whilst John was still at university. Sherlock had deduced as much that first day in the lab- most people go to their parents first when in need of help- but never knew whether to bring up the subject. With two perfectly healthy parents himself, he was unsure if John would want to discuss the topic with him.
"What would you like? It's on me. Or rather, on him. He owes me a favour." Sherlock switches seamlessly back into Italian to place his order, and John takes a second to reply, too busy marvelling at the interaction.
"Why would someone carve a zodiac sign into a dead man's chest?" It's dark, so he can't be sure, but John swears he sees Sherlock's eyes sparkle with excitement.
“You’ve not even met him yet.” It’s not a protest, I know she’s right. Sherlock says that I am ‘a conductor of light’; helping him make deductions and solve cases without meaning to. That may be true, but he is my conductor of life. Somehow, everything makes more sense now. I am finally at a point in my life where I comfortable with what lies in front of me — I’m not running towards or away from anything; content to simply be.
There is no way the man is a sociopath— John is sure of that. Why Sherlock seems convinced he has to spread that lie, John isn’t sure, but it is apparent to anyone who bothers to spend time with him that Sherlock is anything but. Moriarty had certainly seen it.
"This way, please." Donovan walks around the edge of the room, coming to a halt in front of a lift in the far corner. The doors open with a creak, and John enjoys the twist in his stomach that comes from ascending too quickly. They only climb two floors before the doors open again, and the Sergeant wastes no time in leading him down the endless twist of corridors that lie beyond.
“John, have you ever considered that above everything else, you just like to help people? Yes, you love the adrenaline and the danger, but you also like being the hero.”
"Hello." He echoes, squeezing John's arms in reassurance. "You're in St Thomas's hospital. You were drugged."
Tentatively, he takes a step towards the bedroom, but the moment his foot touches the ground he's back in the scorching desert, blind heat beating relentlessly down. He squints against it, bringing his hand back up to shield his face, and something moves in the distance. A black shape, peering above one of the hills.
The surgery that he interviewed for calls him back, offering him a locum position. It's not much, but they pay well enough to keep him in London for a few more weeks. Between the commutes and the long hours writing prescriptions and taking notes, John lives for the moments when a text lights up his screen, proclaiming
John walks through the open archway and takes a tentative seat on a grey cushioned chair, clenching and unclenching his left fist. His shoulder has started to ache again. He has found it hurts the most when he is nervous or stressed, the muscle surrounding it pulling at the scarred tissue whenever his neck tenses. He was meant to have left this part behind; people dying around him. He rolls the shoulder back in its socket, trying to ease some of the aches. It works a little, whilst he moves it, but the minute it falls still, the pain comes creeping back. If he had the money, he'd get someone to look at it — a physiotherapist to loosen the muscle and soften the scars. As it stands, the NHS has decided that it would be a luxury he can't afford.
he was, Mycroft wondered. Possibly not. And his voice….rough, deep and as hot as the seventh circle of Hell. Mycroft thought he could have burned there quite happily all night; listening to Gregory talk so knowledgeably about how the different types of Iberian ham were produced in Spain and Portugal, and then give detailed instructions on how to make the perfect Spanish rice pudding; following his grandmother’s recipe, using orange peel, lemon peel and a cinnamon stick to flavour it. Mycroft had listened to it all, discretely enraptured. He checked his watch. It was now 8pm exactly. He adjusted his cufflinks unnecessarily and straightened his tie, before pushing open the black walnut door.
she yodelled excitedly at very high volume, but with genuine warmth, releasing John and now going towards Sherlock, completely unfazed by his surly greeting.
He could say it had never crossed his mind, and maybe that was sort of true of his waking mind, of his conscious thought, but it had been in his heart and his dreams for years.
Greg’s mouth had fallen open as Mycroft had started speaking and his eyes had widened dramatically. “Mycroft, that’s exactly what my note said!
heard of him?" asked Sherlock, now turning his head to look at John in interest and raising an eyebrow.
He went all round it while John stood and watched, his hands in his pockets, waiting for some comment.
Gregory Lestrade was truly beautiful at the moment of his release, thought Mycroft, as Greg moaned long and low, and spilled himself between them both; his eyes shut, his mouth slightly open, his head rolling to one side as their fluids combined, meeting and mingling on his lower chest and stomach as well as on Mycroft’s. Mycroft watched him in captivated wonder, his hand moving slowly on Greg’s flesh until he finished.
So he suddenly saw with the blinding clarity of hindsight that the reason he had never been able to let go of that dreadful tearing grief over Sherlock's death was because he hadn't wanted to. Letting go of it would have been so final, it would have been letting go of Sherlock - saying a final goodbye to Sherlock and letting
John caught sight of the book’s stark and very unromantic title. ’Fractal Geometry…’ he thought, ’well…your perfect coffee table reading material!’ If it wasn’t for the fact that he was at the Holmes’ residence, he’d have thought it had been pretentiously left there to impress visitors. In the companionable silence while the fire popped and then swiftly crackled into life, John watched surreptitiously as Sherlock rose gracefully to his feet, still holding the geometry book. He crossed the room to a large armchair, where he sat down and started flicking lazily through the book, reading a page then turning several pages at once, before stopping seemingly randomly to read another one.
Greg's smile widened at the description. “Righto. I’ll bring it up…stay there!” he said, and with a smile, he went off to make it. He resumed the whistling as he went back downstairs, and as Mycroft was hearing it from the beginning of the song again, suddenly his mind helpfully placed the tune. ‘Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy’ by Queen - one of his father’s favourite bands. Mycroft closed his eyes and smiled at the coincidence.
you,” he said, directly in Mycroft’s ear, really emphasising the profanity, the words a hot spoken rush of physical desire. Used like that, in such a crude manner, the word should have been horribly coarse and vulgar and offensive to Mycroft, but
he thought, incredulous, even while it was happening. And there was nothing gentle about it…Sherlock’s mouth on his; the heady, familiar scent of him, the feel of his hair, thick and silky in John's fingers and under his hand, the solid heavy warmth of his body pressed full against John's as John raked his fingers roughly from Sherlock's bare shoulder down his smooth back.
“Listen, I really wanna come now. But I want us ter finish at the same time,” Greg said abruptly, his fingers stroking lightly on Mycroft’s lower back.
coughed Mycroft, feeling very peculiar. The world was not usually this surreal. Maybe the nicotine had gone to his head.
... Gregory’s immediate proximity, his delicious, intoxicating scent, the feel of his body so very close, his feet tight against Mycroft’s, his legs beginning to press against Mycroft’s - where he was leaning further in and up to reach Mycroft’s mouth more firmly - and now, as he leant closer, Mycroft could begin to actually feel Gregory’s body taut against his own. While Mycroft was processing it all, on some other level, his hands were both beginning to get involved in their own early exploration of Gregory’s firm body and his broad back, and then, while Greg’s right hand was still on Mycroft’s face, the other left the worktop and found the bony curve of his hip.
really wasn't the word for it. His headache may have completely vanished but John was quite far from laughter.
“Now, please! Do start everyone!” said Lucia as she finally pulled in her chair at the table, adding and pointing, “the little jug there is the pomegranate sauce, don’t forget to drizzle that over your salad!” and then she said, looking at them both, “Now, come on you two, what did you get, John? Agatha?” She flapped her hand excitedly at them before she picked up her knife and fork.
Half an hour later, John was sitting at a different table in the kitchen, helping to peel and chop vegetables with Lucia and Siger, when Sherlock waltzed into the room wearing his suit jacket and scarf. John looked up at him and knew instantly - not from the smell of smoke but from the guilty look on his face - that he’d just sneaked outside for a cigarette.
and he lowered the cup again without taking a single sip. He put it down steadily on the table and held it tightly in both hands. "And what's that?" he asked, feeling his heart thudding unaccountably.
though?” he interjected. “For you, this is an entirely new thing to be doing. Case on or no case on.”
All the buttons undone, John slid his hands into Sherlock's open shirt, and dropped his eyes to look, but when he saw the pale gleam of the circular scar from the bullet wound, he pressed his index finger onto it to hide the secret horror of its innocent soft shine.
thought Mycroft, looking down, delving further into his pudding, feeling Greg’s eyes on him all the time.
As he was pondering this, something rubbed firmly against his lower leg. He jumped and looked down to see. “Oh! There’s a cat!” he said, surprised at its sudden appearance, and he reached down to stroke it.
"Stupid waste of time. It just depends on your body temperature, moisture levels and the heat of your hand."
Mycroft followed him up the stairs, admiring his delectable behind, the shape of his body, the indentation between his shoulder blades precisely defined by his pale cream shirt. Mycroft glanced down at their linked hands and thought that it had been
“The one with the splinters…” said Sherlock neutrally, sitting down in the chair opposite John, next to his pile of potatoes. Belatedly, he pulled off his scarf and twisted around to drape it over the chair back behind him.
He said Mycroft’s name repeatedly, and moaned and gasped and groaned with pleasure. Mycroft’s ears were filled with the sound of him; his dark throaty voice, the swearing, his moans and sighs. The taste and smell of him were equally divine; by turns musky, salty and dark. It was very easy to get carried away.
"Oh, yeah, I'm fine, thanks, Sherlock! And how are you?" John asked, cheerfully sarcastic, before shaking his head in exasperation and then responding in a more normal tone of voice to Sherlock's question about Lestrade by saying, "...And yeah, you
pop back into the evidence room with Anderson?" he shot loudly after her. She turned back and in four quick strides, rounded on him like a rising cobra. “You filthy pervert!” she spat, pointing viciously at him, but she kept her voice low so as not to be overheard. "You were just spying on us, weren't you?"
Though Greg’s house was old, it had been sympathetically modernised, and the back bedroom (Greg’s bedroom and clearly the largest of the three) had been extended out over part of the new utility room and loo extension downstairs, to add on a small en-suite bathroom. When a few minutes later, Mycroft stepped over the threshold and into Gregory’s bedroom, the first thing he noticed once again was the bed. It was impossible not to notice it. It stood side on to the doorway in the large room, and it was a truly lovely specimen, with a black barred headboard and footboard decorated with ornate mouldings in the shape of tiny starbursts, and topped at each corner with shiny oval brass finials. The other thing that Mycroft noticed instantaneously was that the bed was quite neatly made and that Greg was on it. He was facing away from the doorway, lying on his front - as if he had just walked into the room, turned the bedside lamp on and flopped down on his bed like a lounging teenager. He was fully clothed except for shoes and tie - the lack of shoes Mycroft could see immediately, the lack of tie, he couldn’t, but he had glimpsed the tie itself slung over the back of a small Victorian chair already piled with clothing, next to the bedside table. The little, creamy-coloured bedside lamp was giving off a soft warm glow, making entering the room akin to entering a small and cosy kind of cave.
"Oh, John," Sherlock whispered hoarsely, moving to crouch before him, "I'm sorry, please John, tell me what to say or do, please! I don't know how to help you." He leaned in and drew John close, then sitting down beside him, he pulled John onto his lap. The tears were dripping down his own face as well. Lord in heaven! What was it about John's pain that sliced straight through his heart and into his soul?
"Well, I was at the hospital early this morning, before Harvey was killed. I was able to learn some things about the day you were brought in and you lost Geoffrey. The information that you want, John, is in the medical records − not just anyone can read it, please don't think that – but I knew you wanted to know so I… er...took a look."
“I did nothin’ with ’im! He’s in the room right where we put ‘im! Waitin’ for you while you get ready for ‘im, just like you said! I got the stuff ready for you, like always, but I didn’t go in there, I swear!”
“I….can’t sleep Sherlock...I keep thinking about us...” Whatever else he had intended to add was lost in a soft sigh as he laid his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and his legs crept around Sherlock’s hips to cling tightly.
John drove as fast as was safe on the wet lanes that wound their tangled way east of Foxley. The silence drew out; both men were occupied with their own thoughts as the sodden countryside slid by steadily on either side of them.
John smiled at Sherlock, who watched fascinated; John's smile was like the morning sun emerging from a rain cloud. Sherlock wanted to bask in the bright rays of it for the rest of his life…but John was speaking, what was he saying?
When Sherlock pressed his lips together in mutinous silence, Mycroft stepped into the circle of light with them and remarked, “Indeed, yes. Mother and brother, Sherlock has both.”  He looked John up and down. “You ran us quite a chase, Captain.” He added speculatively, “You no longer have a limp, I detect.  How interesting...”
John turned to search his face. Then he melted against Sherlock, closed his eyes with a sigh with a whispered, “Thank you. I love you. And all I want is to be with you too, Sherlock.”
Watson’s expression didn’t change. “I still don’t do renditions,” he said. He folded his arms across his muscular chest and altered his stance slightly; boots firmly planted on the floor and no longer at ease. “I provide security. That’s it. If you don’t have work for me, I’ll take my skills elsewhere.” Watson shrugged. “It makes no difference to me.”
Savouring the warmth of the café, John took a much needed mouthful of hot tea and leaned back against the banquette to observe Sherlock, unobtrusively he hoped, from behind the rim of his mug. Sherlock’s attention was taken up with tearing toast into small bits so December wouldn't choke as he shoveled them into his mouth.
When Sherlock had been cared for John stripped off his own wet things and dressed in dry clothes as well. He could feel Sherlock’s curious gaze upon him as he undressed and he hid a small smile. He wasn’t a vain man; he rarely gave any thought to his appearance but he had to admit to himself that he was experiencing immense enjoyment at Sherlock’s innocent interest in his body.
John almost sagged with relief when he heard the soft click of the door latching, signaling Sherlock’s return. He said nothing about his concern though, forcing himself to call casually around the kitchen partition, “Dinner’s ready, have a seat.”
The doctor was calm and unhurried in his examination of John. He poked, prodded and asked questions, gently inspected the bump on John's head, shone a light in his eyes and drew some blood from John's arm which he tested in a small tube. He then asked Sherlock to get a glass of water for John, if he would please, and when Sherlock left the room he turned to speak to John, a hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock gripped December closer, covered him once more with his coat and said something firm that sounded like, "They aren’t taking you anywhere."
“Well, a couple of things; first I wonder if you’ve ever thought about why he behaved as he did when you were a child, and continues to do so now.  He’s older than you Sherlock, so you might not be aware of what he suffered as a child−I’m not excusing his behaviour, not at all, especially now that he’s an adult.  I just wonder if you might be able to cope with him better if you see his controlling behaviour as possibly related to having been abused.  I think that he might be less threatening to you if you see him in that light.”
They had reached a peaceful place in their relationship.  John resumed sleeping in his own room but he read or cuddled with Sherlock before bed, which they both enjoyed, and it was understood that John’s door was always open at night, should Sherlock want to come to him for comfort.  There were random kisses exchanged, perhaps on a cheek or the neck, or any patch of skin that invited.  Occasionally a hand was sought and held, even in public, when the need for reassurance was felt. And John was happy; happier than he had ever been in his life.
He added dismissively, "Harvey was a relatively easy target; he had personal security but not only was he in the midst of moving, yet again, and thus somewhat exposed, he wasn't expecting a threat from the direction it came."
He paused and drew a deep breath.  “I’ll pour the bath.  We’ll run your clothes through the washer and dryer too, while you’re getting clean and taking a rest.”
“Yes.  It’s more than just alright.  It’s fantastic.  I feel the same, Sherlock.” John drew back and pulled Sherlock’s mouth down to his for a tender kiss.  “…I feel exactly the same way that you do.”
"Alright then," said Lestrade, with a smile at Doris, "Let's get this lot to the hospital to get checked out, shall we?"
John wasn’t usually a swearing man but now he shot his head up to snarl at the soldier, “Get the fuck out of my quarters, Private!”
John looked up again. “Well, everything was fine, you know, when I was a teenager.” He coloured. “But after…my…marriage my body no longer functioned…properly.” He turned to look at Sherlock, the silent suffering in his face more telling than he realized.
The youth continued to stare up at him. He blinked rapidly trying to dispel the tears, but one or two escaped and slid down into his matted hair.  He sniffed and coughed weakly.
John was off-duty for 24 hours.  Clean up could wait.  He brought his rifle to within reach of the bed, loosened his sidearm holster and pulled his boots off.  He turned off the light and stretched out beside Sherlock.
He had Sherlock’s attention now so he urged again, “Deep breath okay? Show me you can breathe, Sherlock.”
Observing these symptoms, all doubt left John’s mind. He didn’t know how it could be, but he was now certain that Blackburn was suffering from an overdose of benzodiazepine. He reached for his medical bag. “It’s going to be alright,” he assured Blackburn quietly, “I’m here to take care of you so I want you to trust me and cooperate.  You are going to be fine but we will have to work together on it.” He smoothed the damp curls back from Blackburn’s forehead. “Now, I’m going to give you an injection, alright?”
“Well, that’s easy. You already know you can say anything to me, talk to me about anything. I’m pretty open about sex and so on…”
John did not wait for long. Within minutes of John putting the kettle on to boil, Sherlock appeared in the kitchen, his black curls a wild mess and his dressing gown tie-belt trailing behind him.
The soup and tea were still warm.  John assisted Blackburn to sit upright and helped him sip the mug of tea and finish half of a bowl of the soup. Then after Blackburn had swallowed a couple of bites of the bread roll, he accepted John’s offer of several short puffs of the cigarette.  By the time he had finished that, he was fighting exhaustion once more and struggling to stay upright.  John smiled as he watched Blackburn’s body refuse to cooperate and he sagged back against the couch cushions.
“John, I’m sorry I snapped at you. I’m upset because I felt I had to tell you something that… well, it may result in me being…perhaps…unhappy. I am not rejecting you; I’m trying to respect you by giving you all the information you need to make choices. I love you, so much John. And if I thought I could have lived with myself afterward, I would not have told you anything. I would try to keep you here and ignorant of your potential because I want you for myself, and believe me John, I am almost that selfish. But you need to know that I am not good enough for you, John. You can have so much more than I can offer you and I want you to know that.”
He continued, "He'll get all the special care he needs, I'm certain of that. I've known Mr. Holmes for close to ten years now and Dr. Watson for at least five. If you might consider bending the rules just a bit, we can take care of the paperwork… Remember the Claxton kids? Something like what you were able to do on that file, perhaps…?" he let his voice trail off.
Sherlock’s instincts were right, if John had been fully penetrating him when he orgasmed, Sherlock would be feeling much differently right now; not empty and unhappy but full, warm and loved… This could be easily addressed if they were to become mates but it wasn’t much help now…
John reacted to this accusation with fury, lunging at Sherlock, pinning him to the wall by his shoulders and hissing up into his face, “You might think it fun to play at spies, but it isn’t for others!  The QAT killed my best mate, that’s why I said yes to the job!” He ground out, “Do you know anything about that?! About knowing your friend’s death is your fault; that you should have, or could have, done something to save his life!? No, you don’t! So shut the hell up!” Then, stunned at his own aggression John fell back and put his hands to his head as if in pain.  “Oh God!” he said, “Sherlock, I’m sorry!”  His expression stricken, still clutching his head with his hands, he turned his back to Sherlock, who saw his shoulders begin to shake and his posture sag.
John’s mouth twisted in bitter amusement. “Agreed. But as I see it, that makes me an all the more credible source to the Telegraph or the Times, doesn’t it? Now, is it a deal or not?”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He sat up and faced John, leaning forward in his urgency to communicate his feelings. “I want to want you, John, all day, all night, anywhere and everywhere; I want to shiver with desire when I see you, when I'm near you. I want to crave your touch; I want to crave to touch you. I want to revel in heat, sweat, saliva and laboured breath, in writhing limbs and the sounds of sexual ecstasy with you, John. That is what I want! I want my body to love you as much as my heart does, and my mind.”
Watching Blackburn’s face, one hand on his too-hot forehead and the fingers of his other hand on Blackburn’s wrist, John waited for the injection to begin to take effect. It worked. Within seconds, Blackburn’s pulse steadied and his colour improved. John drew a breath. Blackburn would require vigilant care for the next few hours but at least now he had a chance at survival.
To John’s dismay, Sherlock’s eyes, which had begun to glow with interest at his proposal suddenly filled with tears and his lips began to quiver.  John drew back and exclaimed in horror, “No heartsweet! What did I say? It is too soon, isn’t it? I’m moving too fast...! And God knows I’m too old for you…!”
John nodded, reaching for the wall for support as he swayed unsteadily. But before he could fall Sherlock lifted him easily, for John was a small man, and turned to carry him the rest of the way to the upstairs room. He was very light and Sherlock glanced down at him in concern. As he did so, his sensitive nose caught the unexpected scent of….what? Under the harsh hospital odor − there it was again…ever so faint. Something sweet and light…Was it clover? For a moment images of dew on grass and delicate spring leaves crossed Sherlock's vision, distracting him. It was several moments before he realized the scent must be that of John himself; John's unique signature, timid but persistent, emerging from under the suffocating odor of Harvey, the hospital, and all else had been smothering him. It tantalized Sherlock and he tried to catch it again, but it had vanished. He set John down on his feet and concentrated on guiding him to sit on the bed where he then removed his shoes for him.
"I…I was wondering if…you would like me to make dinner for you. If not, it's okay, I mean…I…I know I'm not a very good cook. Harvey says…" He stopped, confused.
Lying down, he expected to feel some of his previous exhaustion return, but to his surprise he found that he was no longer tired, rather, he felt alert and invigorated.  He was considering how this could be when he heard a rustling beside him. He turned his head to smile into the darkness as he felt Sherlock in the sleeping bag press up against him with a small sigh.
The child's head lifted slightly and John realized that he or she had been watching them all along from under one thin arm, wanting not to be surprised by an attack should it come. He felt his heart twist painfully.
The man was likely right, John thought bitterly; he was no risk. Sherlock had obviously scrutinized him and written him off as any sort of threat, for to invite a strange Alpha into his home, even a disabled one, was an unthinkable risk for an average Omega. And John had known immediately Sherlock was an Omega despite Sherlock’s claim of being sexless. Sherlock had the speed, the alertness and the wariness of a prey animal, although he had none of the fear. He was an Omega certainly, but no average Omega, that was obvious. He had a supremely confident demeanor, a bold stride and tightly coiled strength; John could sense that he was ready to spring from harm’s way on a split second’s notice if required. And John had no doubt that the man’s self-defence skills would be on par with John’s own fighting skills−at least John’s skills as they had been back when he was still a soldier−a warrior−and not the lame, halting man that obviously he was perceived as now, if Sherlock’s dismissive assessment of him was any indication.
“But Sherlock...it’s not just that.” John’s face twisted in pain and he whispered, “I’m so sorry, I thought you knew…if I’d realized you didn’t, I would have told you.  I haven’t meant to deceive you, honestly, I’m so sorry…” he looked so distressed that Sherlock was afraid.
Not this morning though for John was busily preparing what seemed to be breakfast for a twice-starved army; eggs, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, beans and fried bread in generous portions were laid on the table which oddly, was covered with a freshly laundered tablecloth.
John waited until he was sure the messenger had gone before he spoke to Sherlock again.  “I’ll have to go, sweetheart," he whispered urgently, "If I don’t, base command may come here and I can't allow that to happen.  That would be far worse than leaving you alone for a short while.  Do you understand?”
John, wincing as he struggled to his feet, smiled back at him. Far away across the river, the pealing of church bells began to sound.
It was then that, for the first time since Mycroft’s arrival, Sherlock moved; he extended his arm jerkily and made an unbalanced lurch toward John. His expression crumbled and he choked, “John, don’t go, please, John!”
The social worker said, "Yes, of course", as John had expected she would. So with a casual glance back at Sherlock, who had recovered some of his composure, but not much he noted, John turned to Lestrade in an expectant manner.
For the first time that morning, Doris, by now paying full attention to the situation, looked uncertain. Lestrade, quick to understand children and increasingly, as time went by, to understand Sherlock, sized up the situation (there would be time for incredulity to set in later), and said to Doris, whom he had known for many years and respected, "Dory, I know you've already got a long list of children needing homes and only a few placements. The boys here want to take care of the child; obviously he's bonded with them as Dr. Watson says and after what the kid's been through…"
“Well, I don’t think you need any first-aid, so why don’t I help you to your bed? Being in heat is nothing shameful, in fact, you are very, very beautiful right now, Sherlock but I understand that it’s upsetting you. Your bed room is private and I think you’ll feel more comfortable there. I’ll get you the cold cloths.”
Sherlock stepped carefully over the broken glass and carried John down the hall into his bedroom and to his bed. He laid him down and moved to lay beside him, turning John’s face gently toward his and waiting for John to open his eyes. He stroked John’s cheek and asked wonderingly, “You’ve never felt this way before have you, John?”
John felt tears gather behind his eyes and his throat tighten as he realized that when Sherlock found the world too overwhelming and disappeared into his room, he didn't go alone, he took John with him and he had since the beginning
But he had to find Sherlock! Without evidence John was at a loss. If only he could call him! If they were mated it would be as natural as breathing to communicate by mind alone, but they weren’t, and Sherlock was young and inexperienced; he wouldn’t know of such things. He wouldn’t hear John calling to him…
John cleaned the youth's face and then swirled water through the matted tangles of his hair until it flowed freely; waving around his head in a darkly shining halo.  As much in a soft trance as his patient, he worked his way down the youth's arms with small strokes, finally reaching his hands and long thin fingers.
Dusk was turning to velvet darkness as the cab drew up in front of the flat. Sherlock had rested against John during the ride home, frequently nuzzling and pressing his face to John’s neck, gaining comfort from his nearness. The same was true for John, who was reassured by Sherlock’s contented touch. Nevertheless, he remained highly alert, scanning their surroundings for the slightest indication of danger. He would relax only when they were once more in the safety of their home.
God above, what kind of a monster was he turning into!? He’d never contemplated forcing himself on a vulnerable omega in such a manner before! But he’d never wanted an omega as much as he wanted Sherlock either…
John reviewed their circumstances as he sat with closed eyes and the back of his head resting against the chair. He should have checked in with Graves long before now, should have provided him with a status update.  So why hadn’t he?
"John, your room is upstairs. I'm going to carry you there, please don't be alarmed when I pick you up alright?"
John did not leave Blackburn’s side for the remainder of the morning. And as he worked to save the life of his patient an unmistakable transformation overcame him.  The bitterness of defeat in battle and the impotent rage of a wounded warrior that had been so evident in his face, just the day before, disappeared. Left in its place was the vision of a brilliant physician, a rare being gifted with the ability to inspire healing in the human body and mind.
He pulled a weapon and began to pick his way slowly into the structure. The bunker wasn’t empty as he’d thought it might be. Pallets of crates were stacked up toward its high, rounded roof, providing enough of a cover to hide the small sound John’s boot made when he caught a stone in the darkness. He crept forward and before long he could hear distinct voices up ahead; harsh and querulous.
So as excruciatingly painful as it was, with ruthless self-discipline, John drew himself to a shuddering halt; burying his face in Sherlock’s neck with a deep groan of frustration.  It was agony to deny his desire! The raging frustration and the painfully engorged flesh that would take hours to subside were almost unbearable... but he knew as he held himself rigidly still that the pain he was feeling was nothing to the emotional hell that he would suffer if he hurt and shamed the innocent youth in his arms.  He sighed heavily and allowed his fingers to do what his lips could not, to explore the curves of Sherlock’s mouth and brush across his sensitive upper lip.
The garden was clear. John assisted Sherlock out the back door of the pub and into the chilly car. The morning was barely light and the rain still heavy as he got behind the wheel and eased out of the pub’s driveway and onto the street. Without headlights, they were nearly invisible and, behind them, the vehicle’s muddy tire tracks were soon obscured by channels of rainwater, erasing any sign that they had ever been there.
John couldn’t have stopped even if he’d wanted to but he wondered if this would be too much for Sherlock, if Sherlock was pushing himself too far. But when John opened his eyes to seek Sherlock’s, he saw only wonder and love in them; no fear, no anxiety, and he could have cried with relief.
He turned west but exited the thruway as soon as they were clear of Slough. He was headed to an out-of-the-way pub, the Rookwood Arms in the village of Foxley, where he’d once stayed. It was still very early morning; there was a chance he could convincingly pass the two of them off as over-indulgent party-goers in unexpected need of a room to rest up in. A story about the revelry of a friend’s wedding reception in Slough should be enough to deflect any awkward questions.
He saw Sherlock almost shiver in delight at his order. He chuckled and began to push Sherlock gently down the hall and into the bedroom where he followed and closed the door behind them.
Home was a small grave in the Holmes family cemetery, beautifully kept, of course, its grass neatly trimmed and flowers fresh.  Waiting for them when they arrived at the gravesite was the sympathetic and benevolent Bishop of Westminster Cathedral. Perhaps unused to performing such intimate services, but all the more sincere because of it, the Bishop spoke movingly of birth and death, love and loss.  Afterward, he grasped both their hands firmly and offered a simple blessing before leaving them to their graveside contemplation.
"No! Sherlock, no!" John's face crumpled. He stared at Sherlock, his expression shocked and his arm reaching for the back of a chair for support.
Lestrade took this, correctly, to be his cue to try to make John comfortable with him and since he was a kind and easy-going man this was not a chore. He began to engage John in conversation and soon they were discussing cooking, more specifically the amount of gluten in heritage wheat varieties and its impact on the texture of bread dough; Lestrade it turned out was an enthusiastic weekend bread-baker. He was encouraging John to share his secrets of success with Chelsea buns, and where one might find half-way decent currents these days, when Sherlock returned with a tea-tray.
"Yes?" he responded, flexing his sore shoulder and wondering absently if he was getting too old for this sort of activity. A whiskey and a good book before the fire would have been a pleasant way to spend Christmas Eve...
He was gone only a short time but once back and climbing the stairs, about half way up, he was struck full force with a powerful physical hit; an Omega in heat. And afraid. And not just any Omega, his Omega. His beloved Sherlock was alone and in distress, desperately needing his Alpha; it was all there, all the information John needed was in the pungent air. He dropped the shopping on the stairs, unaware he was doing so, and bolted up to the flat’s door. He banged through it, following the scent straight to the loo. The door was locked, but he didn’t knock, he put his good shoulder against it and shoved. It splintered under the force of his thrust as he’s known it would. As it shattered, he heard a shrill scream of terror from Sherlock behind it, which only aroused him further.
John, watching this, was enraptured.  “How beautiful you are, Ælfscíene.” He added softly, “That means you please me also.”
By noon, John had been caring for his patient for more than six continuous hours. It had been difficult keeping him calm but his effort had paid off. Blackburn had improved significantly.
John winced and suppressed the sudden fierce rage that flooded his chest from the knowledge that anyone would refer to a child in such a manner.
“You ain’t a soldier, you’re just the doc,” the man muttered, refusing to step back, “what’re you gonna do to make me?”
The ‘adoption’ of Geoffrey into the Holmes family had been a straightforward one, conducted one cool spring evening before the fire at 221b Baker Street.  It had consisted of a characteristically bald offer made by Sherlock, which had every appearance of randomness but was actually the result of several days of serious thought on Sherlock’s part.  His offer had been met with a horrifying flood of tears from John, at least, horrifying from Sherlock’s perspective until it was explained to him by John that John was actually happy and was ‘just surprised, that’s all!” The misunderstanding had been cleared up quickly with hugs, kisses and a pot of tea. And with that Sherlock had become a step-father of sorts.
Sherlock chose precisely this moment to suggest casually that he might make tea; and would John like a biscuit? Not waiting for an answer he lifted John off his lap, stood and wandered into the kitchen, yawning and scrubbing his hands through his dark curls. When he glanced back at John he saw with tender amusement that John was sitting bolt upright, equal parts surprise and confusion written on his face and no small amount of desire (or was that lust?)
Sherlock was still and silent. John looked down at him anxiously. He was about to say something else when Sherlock asked, “Do you think you can, John? Do you think I can change?”
Sherlock, nodding, pressed against John and drew a shaky breath. He began, “A few days before the attack I was asked by the council to survey environmental conditions on the far side of the largest lake. Surveys like it are frequent.  It was a long journey, two days, perhaps more, away from the city.” Sherlock lifted his unusual eyes to John’s who touched his cheek encouragingly.
“Let’s go to my room,” said John, beginning to turn, to lead the way. He immediately felt some resistance from Sherlock, so he looked back to see Sherlock standing still with a slight frown on his face. “Erm…I have the bigger bed…” he said.
John looked at the picture again. It had looked strangely familiar, somehow...and suddenly he realised why. "Sherlock, that picture - it looks like somewhere I used to know...
“Nah, don't do that,” said Greg dismissively, turning and reaching up into the open kitchen cabinet for the bottle of Glenfarclas. “I like it that you're the only one who wears one.” He turned his back briefly to open the bottle and then pour into the waiting glasses. Mycroft leant back against the opposite kitchen counter by the door, watching him do it, enamoured with everything about the man. Greg finished pouring the measures of whisky; recapped the bottle and then added water from a green glass jug in the fridge before handing Mycroft his drink.
composure, even if just for appearance’s sake, at least. “You're very forceful, I'm rather surprised,” he murmured, aiming for cool and suave.
he said, and on that command, they all pulled at once with varying degrees of enthusiasm. Varying enthusiasm or not however, it was still a very noisy event.
knowing that strange thoughts like that at a time like this were not a good sign. He tried to make his head clear and then he thought suddenly, desperately,
to look at...You...you were wearing the same navy suit at the party as you’re wearing tonight, I thought then that the colour really suited you...it so complements your skin and your hair...” Greg’s hand began to wander slowly down onto Mycroft’s arse as Mycroft spoke. He leaned even closer, tilting his head slightly to reach up towards Mycroft’s ear. “Go on,” he breathed as he passed Mycroft’s jawline, his mouth moving on upwards.
"Oh, of course, obvious," said John, ironically, with a trace of a smile. On seeing Sherlock's child-like delight at being proved right, he forgot his irritation. It never failed to amuse him how pleased Sherlock was when his deductions were confirmed by science to steadfast unbelievers. Even when these deductions concerned the mysterious hiding places of murder weapons.
“Brrr!” Greg said, removing the cigarette briefly and leaning forward between the open balcony doors to tap ash off into the empty beer can. He put the lighter down on the stool/table and took another swift drag from the cigarette. “Kind a’ chilly!” he said, holding onto it this time and turning his face to blow the smoke out through the gap between the balcony doors.
you even want me to tell you exactly what he said anyway? I had already told you he basically just swore a lot. You’d met him, you knew what he was like, you could have guessed
