John tied his dressing gown tighter around himself, no longer able to ignore the chill in the flat, as he crossed to his armchair and sat down across from his not-dead flatmate and former friend.
Sherlock met her steady gaze for several moments before he looked away. He gave a small shake of his head.
“Yes?” he asked, far more breathy than he intended. He cleared his throat and tried again. “What is it?”
“I’ll just put these up. Would you two like a cup of tea?” John asked as he apparently mentally shook himself out of whatever personal dilemma he appeared to be going through, and then he turned away without waiting for their reply. The sounds of the kettle being filled and mugs taken down came from the kitchen as Sherlock turned his attention back to the man still standing in the living room.
John shook his head and chuckled softly to himself as he stood up and followed after Sherlock, just like he had done since the day he had met him. John watched Sherlock’s back and kept him safe. Sherlock gave John a purpose and watched his back, too.
He had a handful of people in practically no time at all to help him load the boxes onto a rental that he had procured. They loaded the boxes and met him at Baker Street a bit later to move them into the new flat. Money changed hands, and then he went to work unboxing everything.
“I thought it brought out the color of my eyes nicely,” he replies, and his breath catches in his throat as Sherlock’s hands move to the tie around his neck, his nimble fingers deftly loosening the knot and pulling it off John slowly and letting it fall to pool on the floor. His hands then move to the top button of his shirt and pops it open. Another follows as Sherlock looks down into his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, then reached into the bag and pulled out what looked like a blueberry muffin before passing the bag to John, who reached in and took out his own muffin. There was another left in the bag for Rosie whenever she was ready for it.
“Your usual ones include some kind of acid. Why on earth would you need to know how long it takes for a candy cane to dissolve in acid?”
“Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock and I were not…,” John began, as he always did when she started in on him, and as ever, she cut him off before he could finish.
A bath would have been preferable, but he hadn't felt like waiting for the tub to fill. Instead he stood under the hot beating spray of the shower, his body automatically going through the motions of washing his hair and cleaning his skin. His thoughts swirled, and he was grateful they didn’t land on anything in particular. Just circled, lazily, and without purpose. Normally that kind of thoughtless thinking would bother him, but at the moment he needed it. Needed to not really think.
Sherlock could hear the music coming from 221B as he climbed the seventeen steps up to the flat, his feet automatically finding the familiar grooves and skipping the squeaky third, ninth, and fourteenth step. John often played music when Sherlock was out. He claimed it was because it allowed him to listen to his preferred music without Sherlock critiquing his choices, and Sherlock graciously accepted the truth in that, but he knew it wasn’t the whole reason. To be honest, he wasn’t entirely sure if John realized that wasn’t the whole reason, either.
When he was finally released, Sherlock sat gingerly back down, and John wondered briefly if Angelo may have accidentally hurt him, but Sherlock saw him looking and gave a small shake of his head, as Angelo’s booming voice carried on in excited tones. Before John could turn back to look at Angelo, he had already declared he was bringing out his very best dishes and a bottle of wine.
Sherlock gave a quick nod in response, then opened the door on the right at the end of the hallway. “This room is for you.”
John just managed to toss the bucket of popcorn into the bin before following Sherlock out into the warm evening.
“I’m sure we could find something to keep it in while we’re here. We’ll need to return it before our return home, though,” Sherlock said and Rosie nodded her enthusiastic agreement to this plan.
He took it with a smile and a nod. He sniffed at the ruby-red drink before taking a small sip. Gin and cranberry and something fizzy sparked on his tongue. It was a bit too sweet for his tastes, but he wasn’t going to complain when he hadn’t been the one to pay for it.
Most of the time he was good now; life back to normal. Today was just like any other day, he had woken up, gone to work, had lunch alone from a plastic box that hadn’t been great but ok and now he was going home.
John got up, blood rushing through him, roaring in his ears. He did not hurt yet, adrenalin numbing any physical sensation, but he thought he would soon. He kicked Peter once to make sure he wasn’t faking it, but he was still, tongue hanging limp out the corner of his mouth.  He had done it, he had stopped him. John felt a distinct feeling of victory in his chest.
Sherlock had an unusual amount of small scars for a man his age, criss-crossing his upper body in thin lines. As his chest rose and fell they created a spread out web that seemed to move and shift, John had to fight the urge to go over there and let his fingers follow all the lines. It made him sick at heart to think of all the times Sherlock had been hurt and no one had been there.
Later that night he came back, John was sleeping where Sherlock had left him, one arm hanging limp over the edge of the sofa. Sherlock stood a while looking down at him, moonlight from the window smoothing out all the edges and making John look impossibly young and innocent; this had to end. If he could just solve the case they could go back to how things had been before and forget all this.
“You see there is always a connection,” Sherlock crouched in front of a door and pulled out what John assumed was a lock picking set. He decided to take an interest in the graffiti instead, what you didn’t know couldn’t come back and bite you.
“It is surprising what people are prepared to do if you offer them a tailored suit in trade,” He turned away: “Come now we have a killer to catch” John saw him start off down towards the exit and he managed to compose himself enough to follow.
Peter shouted curses at him and John tried to get his own gun out as they rolled while stopping Peter from getting the shotgun up again. John hit him, hard in the side and he could see pain on the man’s face. His grip still steady on the weapon and John grabbed the barrel, trying to wring it out of his grip. Peter pulled the trigger, there might have been a noise, but John didn’t hear it and the shot travelled wide, away from him.
John dared another look behind him and realized they were getting away when Sherlock grabbed his arm and pulled him through some winding narrow alleys, dark two storied brick buildings surrounding them on all sides. Finally he pulled him in behind a dumpster, the corner was small and the light was out clouding them in darkness. The moment they stopped, John realized he was exhausted, his legs almost wouldn’t keep him up, felling like jelly and he was desperately pulling air into his burning lungs. Sherlock motioned at him to be quiet.
“Sherlock...” They both started at the same time and both stopped dead as the other spoke. God this was awkward John thought wringing his hands under the coffee table.
Calm again, John shivered and pulled his jacket closer to stop the ice cold wind trying to sneak its frosty fingers in between the collar and his neck. It was drizzling and everything was a miserable grey, washed out colour. The dead body was no exception.
“Thick, you are thick as, as something very thick...” the rest of John’s rambling was drowned out as he passed out into oblivion, snoring lightly.
There was a steady bas beat thumping, the kind you could feel in your entire body luring you away to faraway places. On the dance floor in front of him the young and hip that only came out at night were moving to the music, their bodies sleek from sweat and taking on strange shapes as the different coloured lights swept over their heads. The place smelled of pheromones, alcohol, and sweat; like a piece of metal wrapped in silk.
Now here it was, in full bloom, for two years it had been allowed to fester and grow. Calm, John told himself, even rabid dogs can smell fear.
He spun around, where had the man gone? He searched the crowd and a sudden odd movement in the corner of his eye caught his attention. There, a dark figure was leaving the room on the other side, how had he got there so quickly? John raced around the edge of the dance floor not wanting to go in the middle of what seemed like more or less friendly fighting going on; people throwing themselves at each other laughing and then doing it all over again. In the flickering lights from the strobes he almost missed the exit and had to stop himself short, just avoiding tripping over a youngster with a red Mohawk.
“I have his name, and have seen his picture, what makes you think that I need anything else from you?”
“Come on John, I think we are done here,” Sherlock didn’t wait for an answer but just pulled his gloves on and started to walk away, crouching to lift the stripped plastic band, marked
Outside the sun was shining in what felt like the first time in weeks, bright rays from a clear blue winter sky.
Outside was a high-ceilinged corridor with a worn marble floor. In the end a door led out to the street, dim light shining through the frosted glass from the city outside. Moving up the corridor he examined the other doors, four of them in total, one leading to a bathroom. Of the other three one had a well worn look, small chips in the paint around the handle, indicating that it was used regularly.
“He is going up the stairs now.” And John saw him, a nasty looking fellow, closed cropped hair, crooked lips and ears that made him look like a pugilist who had taken one beating too many. Moreover, he was wearing too much compared to the average club goer.
He then moved on to John's shoulder and placed small kisses on it while he ran his fingertips over the strong body.
John ignored him as he walked stiffly into the bathroom and took of his clothes to get in the shower.
I looked out of the window again. Those words. Just words. Not interesting. The kind of writing... I was sure that I had seen it somewhere already, but that I didn't remember where made the thing extrememly conspicious. And no matter how hard I tried to concentrate, I couldn't remember. The colour, I had to focus on the colour, forget about the past. For some reason I might have deleted the handwriting. So: The colour.
John returned the kiss and grinned into it. His head was growing light from the adrenaline and increased air intake.
John blinked at Sherlocks sudden enthusiasm to spending some time with him, a smile of happiness and surprise washing over his face and he nodded "Yes! Lets get out of here and grab some food.. im starving!" He groaned and a sly smirk grew onto his lips when Sherlock took a hold of his arm briefly, John gently placing his hand over Sherlocks arm before turning to look at Molly, Giving her a smug smile "See you later Molly!" He giggled, knowing he was making her jealous as the male walked out of the room with the detective. John hummed as he followed alongside him, his leg no longer giving him any troubles as all the thoughts of the nightmares before had been removed from his brain. However there was one thing confusing him, Sherlocks enthusiasm and Giggle. John smirked and shook his head, grabbing his arm and cautiously linking their arms together "Mmm What are you up to? No good im guessing" he smirked up at Sherlock, sticking his tongue out briefly
John felt Sherlock shaking his head vigorously, and shifted so he could see him. He was frowning, and looked to be in some sort of pain. John's eyebrows knitted together in concern.
"You know exactly what it means." John said before exiting Sherlock's embrace and standing up. "I'm going for a shower." He added shortly.
He felt back to himself, but he still wanted to be safe, and with Sherlock offering his support, it gave him some security.
John felt the heat of anger rise. How come Sherlock could clearly express that he would not be able to live without John, but if John did the same, it causes Sherlock pain? Did he not think that Sherlock's words stabbed him also?
Poison. A woman and a man had been poisoned, and they had killed a third person, a man who had wanted to help them... Sherlock started to be really scared. Was this... Had they... He started to see the connection but he needed more evidence before he would believe in it. Before he'd tell John that he might have killed an innocent man.
Damn...! Only a sharp intake of breath, nowhere near the shout he was hoping for. He couldn't do it again right after the first time.... He would have to wait a while before 'slipping' again. At least he knew that it had an effect on Sherlock, he could use that to his advantage. John trailed his lips further down to Sherlock's stomach, and felt the grooves of muscle under them, like sloping hills. He wanted to kiss Sherlock's lips again to taste him, and brought his up to meet the slightly parted lips of the detective.
“No, no, no. He wouldn't leave this to chance... the clue is that he didn't leave anything, except for the writing on the wall, the bomb, the pillows that saved Mrs. Hudson... He wants the focus dragged towards those things, and he wants me to know that he is rigorous enough not to leave hints that shouldn't be there. A professional, not a starter, a planner. Somebody that knows exactly what he's doing when positioning a bomb, somebody who is patient enough to follow us all the time to be able to recreate our daily routine, our reactions, our characters. Somebody who likes to play mindgames. Somebody who is thrilled to see me go mad...”
"To plot in silence? Hmm... You won't be getting much of that here with Harry, but you can stay. I do need to know, however, the details of this 'danger', mainly to understand what my son's gotten himself into, but also to add a little thrill to my life." She said, clutching her bedsheets and staring up at John with desperation.
John frowned in confusion, what was he on about? He thought this was just about his rude sister, but evidently it was much deeper than that. "Sherlock, I was on about Harry... What are you on about?" He asked cautiously, emphasising the 'you'.
John had caught a Taxi home back to 221b, fairly upset with how Sherlock had acted. The male was looking forward to actually spending some time with the detective but as per usual, John had been disappointed and he'd had enough. The doctor no longer wanted to take part in any cases with the detective. John let out a breath as he pushed open the door to 221b, making his way up the stairs towards the flat before sitting down on the cough, allowing his emotions to finally flood over him and the strong solider began to cry. John cried for about 20 minutes before slowly laying down across the couch, laying on his stomach. John didn't know how long he was laying there for, but finally, he heard the click of the living room door open and the sound of Sherlocks shoes echoed around him. John didnt say anything to the detective, because he could already feel the tears begin to restart so he quickly pressed a pillow to his face, waiting for the sociopath to either speak or ignore his existance.
John hated how he wasn't in control of his body's violent tremors, or the fact that he had almost blacked out, he could've even died. The unknown and unexpected terrified him to the core. Death is only a heartbeat away, a seconds space between living and nothing but a corpse.
“Possible, yes. But I would've noticed...“, Sherlock tried to start his mind but he was too tired to think properly. And no, that wasn't caused by a drug, it was pure exhaust.
"Hey," He said, burying his nose into Sherlock's dark curls, "I know you feel scared, to tell you the truth, so do I, but we can't let that fear and feeling of vulnerability make us give up. At this moment, Sherlock, your emotions are a cocktail, yes, but if you leave it long enough, the ingredients might separate from each other. Give it time, that's the best remedy, time and love. And don't worry, I'll be with you to the end of the line, forever."
"John!", Sherlock got up and followed him, but looked away as he saw that John had already undressed himself.
John frowned slightly in hesitance, and made a doubtful noise. He didn't feel comfortable falling asleep, much less in a car miles away from any hospital. But, he was so tired.... He felt on the brink of tears from his frustration.
"I know, and you are everything to me too." He paused, "See? You're not interested in just yourself, you love others. You love me, Mrs Hudson, Molly... Yes, it may be a select few but they are people other than yourself. It may come to you as a surprise, but they care about you, I care about you, my tin soldier."
Sherlock's hand across his back sent ripples of calmness across John, and although they had no immediate affect, he certainly knew they helped. His deep hushed voice was like a lullaby, softly rocking away his tears and replacing it with warmth. Sherlock's sharp jaw rested on John's head, his soft breaths swept through his hair in slow, equal releases. John tightened his hold around Sherlock, to make sure that he never left. He wasn't pulling away this time. John didn't feel his usually tense posture or the slight resistance he seemed to always acquire when John had touched him, it was like he knew that John needed this. After all, he was a genius, and a detective. His detective, not Harry's, not Scotland Yard's, but Dr. John Watson's.
“Yes that's right”, Moriarty's voice said from the laptop, and I finally turned to it to have a look, “Get more comfortable. It's your apartment after all. Let's create a cozy atmosphere.”
Sherlock stood like a dog awaiting it's master to throw a stick, and John liked it, the suspense, the excitement and desperation within his normally calm eyes. The ball was in his court, and he was going to draw it out.
Sherlock blinked a few times as he tried to understand and finally blushed as he made a guess what that thing would be useful for. He never had had any need to possess anything like it and had stayed out of conversations including the topic, so it was no wonder that he hadn't recognized it immediately. Unlike John. He wondered... no. He didn't want to wonder what John might have done with these kinds of “pleasure-makers” and with whom.
Sherlock looked away now and he wouldn't turn his head for anything. Tears were starting to form in his eyes, caused by the words John expressed, he couldn't let him see that. He couldn't stand John being mad at him, especially because all he wanted was for him to be happy. Probably he should get him another girlfriend, somebody that would make him happy. There had to be somebody that would stay longer than the previous ones. Thinking of John with somebody at his side hurt badly, but he had to be happy.
“I want you to be the way that is the best for you. I mean headaches do get better from sleeping, so maybe rest is exactly what you need?“
"Though, it's probably because of John, bless him, he's got my short height but his father's tall attitude." She laughed, a wheezing sound.
“John, you know you can't... I mean, it's Moriarty, he'll find us sooner or later! You have no idea what he's able to do... what he has already done.”
“I worry about you. The way you have acted today. Haven't I told you not to take the drugs? Look what they do to you.”
After about half an hour, John moved his head upwards away from the warmth of Sherlock's chest. His head pounded. "I need some water..." he mumbled, moving to get up.
“You don't know what he's done”, Sherlock said after he had swallowed, “I haven't told you yet and I'm afraid I better shouldn't, but I have to, John... He will get us. And we can't escape.”
John felt cold shock pierce his heart, but it was quickly replaced by the electrifying feeling of excitement. He didn't think that they would get to this. It had been so long since John had experienced.... this sort of love, he feared himself to be rusty. What? Why did he think that? Sherlock was bound to be feeling the same, if not worse.
“You wouldn't do that. The second you shoot John you'd lose all control over me”, Sherlock replied and acted calm.
Sherlock thrummed his fingers on the table. He was getting impatient. What if John wouldn't understand and he had just ruined whatever was about to be built between them? No. John was smart. He would come.
She bent down slightly and opened a drawer before taking out two plastic cards and placing them on the counter. Now that her job was done, she shunned them completely, and went back to whatever she was previously doing on the computer, her welcoming stature was now nowhere to be seen. Quite a good actress. Sherlock picked up both cards and handed one to John.
"We went from London to my mother's, stayed the night, woke up mid-day, went downstairs, sat down to talk about our plan and I collapsed." John reeled out the past events tiredly.
John grumbled quietly as he slowly began to come around after the deepest sleep he'd had in years. The male hummed and he slowly peeled himself off the warm patch of Skin his cheek was stuck to, sweat wetting his hair. John groaned softly and reached up, running his fingers through his wet hair carefully before blinking his eyes open, looking up at the body beneath him. John smirked as he saw the detective still in a soft sleep. The doctor hummed and gently kissed along Sherlock's jawline before letting out a groan as he felt his crotch brush against the mattress. John internally swore as he glanced down, finally realizing why his heart was pounding so much and why his hair was damp with sweat "Fucking Morning Wood" he panted softly in annoyance before resting his head down against Sherlock's shoulder. John wrapped an arm around Sherlock and slowly played with the bottom of his shirt "It's all your fault.." he muttered quietly, chewing on his bottom lip as he cautiously allowed his hand to slip underneath Sherlock's shirt, his hand resting on the males stomach. John was able to feel heat increase in his crotch and he groaned, cheeks darkening in colour as he slowly danced his fingers along Sherlock's stomach, finding himself getting more aroused as his mind began to fantasize about the sleeping detective.
John connected his lips with the side of Sherlock's face, and held them there for a second, almost transferring his love to Sherlock through touch. He returned his nose into Sherlock's hair, inhaling the scent. "You don't have to say anything, anything at all."
They went outside where the sun was surprisingly shining. Sherlock wondered how John's mood had changed into a good one so fast, but still he walked on. He had to make him promises and keep him entertained so he's stay with him.
"I... ", he wanted to say something about his comment, that it wouldn't just go away like that, but he didn't, "I wanted to apologize."
John let out a cry as the pillow was yanked from his arms, the solider desperately trying to grab it back but it was too late, Sherlock had already seen the tears in his eyes. The male breathed carefully, his chest aching and he quickly wiped and rubbed at his eyes "What do you want Sherlock..?" He asked, slowly standing up and pushing past him when he found that he couldnt stop his tears. The male sniffed and shook slightly, letting out a slight cry when he couldn't stop his tears flowing "Just leave me alone Sherlock" he said, this was the first time the male had ever cried in front of the sociopath, and he never wanted to be in this situation. He wanted to be held by the other male, protected... looked after. The Solider sighed and bit at his bottom lip "im going to go to sleep okay..?""
"No no no. I'm going to carry you. No risks." He didn't even leave John to try further, he just put his arms around him and lifted him like a groom would lift his bride.
“What should I say? It's true. If Moriarty hadn't suddenly returned, I wouldn't have either. You can thank Mycroft for that, he arranged that deal with the government. Now go to the bathroom, we need to get to Scotland Yard.”
She inclined her head as acknowledgement, and rested back into the pillows, her energy spent. At least Harry took care of her, even if she didn't for herself. Her eyebrows lifted slightly. "So you're this Sherlock Holmes they mention on the box? Hmm... You look taller on the telly."
Sherlock had to return from his thoughts before he could reply: “No, you didn't... well, you didn't kill Moriarty, but...”
Sherlock was helpless. He had never experienced anything like this before... Well, John had broken down earlier.. yes of course! Long term consequences of a drug. They had caused a nightmare for John. One that was frightingly real. "I'm not ever leaving you, John. I'll stay with you forever", Sherlock said and held him, he carefully ran his hand over his arm, tried to calm him with his touches. "I'm here, can you feel this? I'm carressing you. I'm here. I'm with you John and I will always be. I love you."
John shrugged his shoulders, they might as well pay for it, they hadn't had a proper meal in a while, a good full English sounded like a godsend to John. He turned to look at "Kelly" and nodded.
John then called a cab and Sherlock followed him into it. The detective could feel his friend's view on him and started to feel uncomfortable. He just wanted to say something as John started to talk and asked him about Molly.
He liked it black with two sugars, always has, always will. John, however, was more of a lightweight, and preferred his tea with milk and 4 sugars.
When he moved again he also felt the dirt again. No, he wasn't oversensitive with regard to naked skin, he slept without his clothes most of the time and he also enjoyed John's soft skin but... now it was just... dirty. It was sweaty and sticky and not nice at all. He tried to find a more comfortable position and moved awkwardly.
John lifted his eyebrows slightly. So he had heard him, how? He settled with accepting Sherlock had the ears of a bat, and closed his eyes to listen to the gentle humming of the car. They should really return this to the owners, and boy will Lestrade be pissed off as all hell. God... What have they gotten themselves into? No, not themselves, Moriarty. That bastard.
Sherlock moved slightly, insecure if he should hug John or not, and kept his hand in the air, still thinking about it. He didn't know if he'd want to be touched or not.
John smirked when he could see the panic and fear flood the detectives eyes, the solider chuckling to himself and he shifted his hands up to cup Sherlocks face "Stop overthinking things... touch where and whatever you want... if you want to run your fingers through my hair, then do it... if you want to touch somewhere else, then do it" he breathed before leaning into his neck, slowly kissing along it and gently biting down, sucking at the pale skin. John was beginning to get oversensitive though due to how much Sherlock was caressing his hair so he reached out, taking The detectives hands and placing them down onto his ass "Squeeze" he growled into his ear before gently nibbling at his ear lobe.
Sherlock hadn't moved from the spot where he had sat down. He had thought of all possible scenarios and had most presumably solved the case. But what he had ended up with didn't satisfy him. It frightened him to death. The sky had already turned dark and there he sat, convoluted, shaking.
"No, nno.." John mumbled, raising his hand feebly to wipe away some of the blood from Sherlock's face. He placed his face on the detective's thigh, "No hospitals... Just you and bed..."
He turned around again and wanted to go somewhere else. He didn't even care. How could he be like this? Just because I had got used to him acting like this it didn't mean I approved it. I wouldn't let him get away. Not this time.
"This might have very well killed you!", Sherlock raised his voice unwillingly and looked at John now though, his eyes were mirroring how desperate he really was, "I know what pain my... death... had caused you, and I can only admire the strength you had, surviving all that time... because I don't think that I would...if I ever... lost you..."
"Uninterested in others but herself? Is that what you see yourself as, 'uninterested in others'? Who am I to you Sherlock, just give me one word. Who am I?"
Sherlock continued talking, probably his voice could calm John a bit... although he doubted it. He had seen it somewhere before but as he himself who usually was so controlled had gone through hell already, he couldn't even imagine what John was going through especially because he was affected directly.
"Okay, John, everything has gone through my mind already so many times. We could try to find him directly, attack him, use the element of surprise, we could use his tricks and weaknesses against him, but I don't know. Is an attack really the best option? Because going into defense is only procrastination...."
Sherlock looked at John and couldn't stop admiring how understanding he suddenly was. Knowing how he felt, although he tried to do what's best for him and still doing anything to make Sherlock feel comfortable.
This was exactly what he had needed. Sherlock didn't think anymore, he just felt. And what he felt was his love for John and the excitement he caused in him. And it was fantastic! The only bad thing was that he had to keep his voice down because of possible other guests of the motel, and because it was kind of embarrassing, showing how much John could really get to him. Sherlock was very sensitive and every new touch was like a firework.
Sherlock looked at her in surprise, smiled and blushed a little. She knew who he was! Well, it was difficult not to, but this was John's mother and she already knew him. Hopefully she had gotten a good impression on him so far, as the news either presented him as the hero who saved the day or a fraud.
"Out of the oven and into Harry's fire." He sighed, swinging himself out of Sherlock's hold and up on his two feet.
Then he returned to reality. There couldn't be more, not until... yes. Moriarty again. He had to be defeated. That stupid sand case was no longer of importance. There must have been a way to provoke Moriarty, to make him leave the shadows. Sherlock couldn't wait no longer. The fight had to be fought, for John. He wanted to be with him. Yes, he was scared of loss, but he knew that John would never leave him, he'd fight until death. And death would be the only thing that could part them. So he had to defeat death.
How the hell did Sherlock not know what it was? Yes, John had never used one, didn't need to, but it was well known in the world. It's like not knowing what cross-dressing was, you probably won't do it, but you still know about it. Another thing that baffled him, was how he didn't understand John's disgust, it was a fucking dildo for christ's sake! It was one of these taboo things that you wouldn't bring up on a family Sunday roast. It almost made John feel sick to think that Harry actually owned one of these... Sure, it wasn't wrong, but he didn't want to know about it, much less sit on it! He stood there, waiting for Sherlock's response.
"Oh, right..." Sherlock had completely forgotten about it and now that he was remembered on it a slight blush appeared on his face.
"We have to work together for this, John. We need both our best sides. We need to make a smart plan and be brave fighters."
“Hello, John”, Sherlock managed to say and was mad at himself that he couldn't keep his voice from trembling.
“Very clever, Sherlock. Very clever. And you're right, I am no longer among the living. But doesn't this make things even scarier?”
John's mind lingered on Harry, and as hard as he tried to think of anything else, she wouldn't budge, her blonde hair and button nose. She seemed to sneer in his mind. What had happened to his sister?
This touch came surprisingly. It magically let a smile appear on Sherlock's lips. John's love gave warmth to his heart, and his understanding person was all he needed right now.
"So the answer's yes, huh? What are we thinking about then? You know I can read minds", Sherlock smirked and lifted an eyebrow. He enjoyed this very much, although he didn't know where this sudden attacking flirty came from. How he was so confident when he usually was so shy about this topic.
“Sherlock”, John insisted as I kept staring at him without a reply, “What is going on here? Tell me about your thoughts. You usually don't need to be asked like this, you need to be stopped from talking. So what is on your mind?”
John murmured in affection and buried his face into the side of Sherlock's neck, breathing deeply. His back had began to ache slightly from the hard wall behind him, and he needed Sherlock. After a few seconds, he moved his mouth to near Sherlock's ear.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he looked down at the slightly shorter male "Excellent deductions Moriarty" he mocked, stepping slightly closer to John, feeling protective of his solider. He clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes "Childish... you know very well we can afford better, but even people like me have urges which cannot... Wait to be solved" he spoke while the doctor next to him began to have redder and redder cheeks. John shifted slightly and shoved his hands into his pockets, studying the criminal carefully for a moment before pulling out his gun "Id advise you to step back Moriarty, for your own safety" he growled, "Hear me?" He asked, cocking his head to the side as he watched him with caution.
"No, no, I'm fine Sherlock," John sighed, nevertheless getting into the bed, "I think it was just the last drugs exiting my system."
“And is that...?”, she pointed at the detective now and he knew that she must have watched the news or at least read the newspaper. He rolled his eyes and left the explanation to John. There were  much more interesting things to be observed here. Yes, yes, they were hiding, but there surely were lots of secrets to be figured out here, and probably he could even learn more about John.
How could he possibly do this to me? I had barely even been able to talk before, I could just stare at Sherlock, those red eyes, his exhausted face. He almost couldn't walk!
“Let's see how good you can do”, he replied, nervous and excited at the same time, “But I doubt you'll be able to focus on my plan. Look how obviously you crave for me.”
John had reached the third door in the hallway when he began to experience....inconveniences with his trousers, walking became harder. The buildup to getting into the room was making his insides tingle with excitement. He wanted Sherlock right there, in the hallway wall even, but his legs would not allow him. Their room was the next door along so it wouldn't be long to wait. Sherlock had disappeared into the room already, and had left the door wide open for him. When John was standing in the doorway, he could see that the lights were still off, perfect for an ambush. He looked around, feigning confusion at the lack of a Sherlock in the room.
“He cleared off from the rooftop“, I murmured with my fingertips pressed against the sides of my head, trying to focus, “Because I described Moriarty as a spider. It's a show, symbols always please the fans. So he cleared off like some spider, to put the words on the wall.”
John increased his grip around Sherlock. His pulse had began to slow down now, and his rational mind was coming back. The nightmare.. it could've been down to the drugs leaving his system... John had had patients with similar symptoms when he had taken them off their prescriptions, it could be the same effect? He hoped it was anyway, that it wasn't going to become a regular occurrence in his life. "Damn it Sherlock why do you have to be so heartbreaking?" John asked jokily as he took in a deep sniffle through his nose. He pressed the side of his face against Sherlock's neck.
"Just don't give yourself a reason to shut everything out, because I'm included in that 'everything'."
"You can't do this to me. You have to stay with me", Sherlock cried as he was scared like he had barely been before, this could have killed John! It could have killed him... He had closed his eyes by now and laid his head on John, focusing only on that wonderful breathing that signaled him that the love of is life was still alive.
Beside him, Sherlock relaxed against the seat with a quiet sigh. His perfect features were pulled into a slight concerned frown hardly anyone could notice. He was thinking. The top of his bottom lip was being tugged in by the biting of his teeth against the skin. He was thinking hard. John had noticed that his hands were still latched firmly onto the wheel, and his observing eyes stared forward. Sherlock was in his mind palace, in a trance.
"I think it was pretty damn obvious what she wanted Sherlock! She was practically jumping into your pants!" John exclaimed, fumbling with his cup of tea.
“I would return that compliment, but for some reason it was expectable that you'd show up”, I replied, trying to calm down my breath. I hadn't realized that it had fastened because of John before, and the fright Moriarty had given me didn't really slow it down.
Sherlock could only blush seeing the way John looked at him. He belonged to John now, and no matter what he was planning to do, he'd willingly give in to it.
"She was the only other person who was with us, and I don't think your mother did it. She stayed inside her room the entire time and didn't have a reason to hurt you."
He hadn't wanted to do it, as he had found it embarrassing, but the excitement had become too much now and so Sherlock started to stroke himself. He didn't even have experience with that, but it felt so good that he continued and got faster. This in combination with John's movements brought him high as heaven. He didn't hold himself back anymore and his moans were almost screams as he could feel that he was close to the release.
A bomb. Somewhere was a bomb. I ran out of the kitchen. He'd tell me where it was. That's why he wanted me upstairs. A riddle, a case. Something like that, something to solve. That was Moriarty. He wouldn't let me die that easily. Right?
John cracked and he pulled the trigger, hitting Moriarty in the chest with the bullet. John breathed in sharply as he realized what he had done and he dropped the gun, eyes widening when he realized he had just delivered a fatal shot to Moriarty "Shit.." He breathed, watching the criminal fall down to the floor with a thud. John scrambled to the ground and picked up the gun, holding it tightly in his hands and he stepped forwards, glancing up at Sherlock who had an expression of Shock on his face "John... What have you done?" The detective breathed
“A dead woman found in the Thames”, Sherlock started right of, the words shooting from his mouth like canonballs, “She was definitely murdered, there was no water in her lungs, somebody cut her thumbs and hair off, but nothing of that is of importance.”
Then the car stopped, Sherlock jumped out immediately. The case. Focus on the case! You can always talk about the case.
I went upstairs, he worried me. He usually didn't shout like this. He wanted me to come to him, but he sent a message or something. Yes, it would have been strange in this situation, but we're talking about Sherlock!
“Sherlock... promise me?”, Mycroft insisted, almost begged, letting through a bit of caring in his voice and look. Sherlock had no idea how to react to that. Caring was not an advantage. And suddenly Mycroft broke his own rule? Sherlock had forgotten how emotions looked on his brother. He was confused and a bit tended to give in. But no. He had to shut people out. John was a risk already, but with him the emotions were so strong that he had given up the fight. Then he realized that it was Mycroft who had even brought him to this situation, to losing John, leaving home. What a great deal he had made with the government.
Moriarty?! I turned around, looked around. He stood there, right next to John. No. No! How...? I took a step back.
John's world narrowed to the feeling of Sherlock's lips on his sensitive neck and he let out an involuntary gasp. Goosebumps rose on his skin and a shiver of pleasure ran through him. He pulled Sherlock tighter to his body.
John sensed that by the way Sherlock was speaking, it was not a topic best to talk about at that time, and resigned himself back to quietness. He made a mental note to discuss it with Sherlock after this whole thing had blown over, if it was ever going to. One thing John was certain that he wanted to do, was find out about Sherlock's past. He'd only glazed over his past drug problem before, and that was the only glimpse of Sherlock's younger years John had ever got. Was there something there that made him feel unable to reminisce? John became worried, and intrigued about his boyfriend. Mysteriousness loses it's novelty after a while, and in Sherlock's case, it had been lost for years.
“Yes, Sherlock, you have made that pretty clear. But at the same time you said he was dead. How could that be possible?”
“Moriarty is dead, no question”, he went on after a short look at Mary, “More importantly: I know exactly what he's going to do next.”
Sherlock looked at John in surprise. He'd go this far for him? Break the law with him? It was something really special and Sherlock kind of looked forward to see John going all badass mode again. So he thought about what it was for a moment, then he gave it to John. He was up to something, but Sherlock trusted him completely.
The detective smiled for he could cause those kind of reactions on John and the demanding pull made him put more passion into it too. He wanted to be with John, he wanted to be so close to him.
They walked through the hallways towards the morgue without saying a word. Sherlock was following his own thoughts so the silence wasn't weird to him at all. He looked at John at times for motivation, but his mind was exploring the case already again. He retold the facts he knew to himself and remembered the results of his researches.
“So I assume you two are a couple now? That's really sweet, but this bathroom is not too romantic, is it? Couldn't you wait anymore or are you unable to afford anything more romantic?”, Jim grinned with a mischievous smile on his face. He just stood there and turned around when he had heard Sherlock and John step out of their hideout. No weapons, just him in his suit, black as the night and his face pale as death.
Sherlock watched John attentively. His tears slowly became less and less and his body seemed to calm as well. Seeing this burst of emotions on his love hurt the detective, he knew that by now as he had observed his own emotions during the last minutes, but it didn't let him think bad of him. He was just sorry that this was his fault in a way, and John being able to show emotions was part of why he loved him. He was, and Sherlock didn't know a better word for it, "alive". Not as cold as ice, but highly emotional, be it anger, sadness or joy. John had all those emotions in him and the way he showed them was not only interesting, it was also heartwarming.
Johns eyes widened as the male loomed over him, recognizing that naughty, mischievous look in his eyes. The doctor gasped in Sharply as Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair and kissed along his neck, the doctor unable to stop himself from letting out a soft moan at the feeling, his heart pounding heavily as he ground himself against Sherlock, reaching forwards to unzip Sherlock's trousers which constricted the package within.
"I'll stay awake with you. But this is only for tonight, John. Tomorrow the drug will have left your body completely."
Had... he just heard John's voice? Probably just his head again. Wanting to think about John, wanting to forget the trouble. But what if it wasn't? If it really had been John calling out for him? If he didn't go to him then it would have... really bad consequences.
He knew that he would have to tell John what he had figured out, but he wouldn't do that just now, also because he couldn't. For now he would have to calm down, rest a bit, enjoy being close to his soulmate.
“For that he had to be quite thin, a person with too much weight would have needed more time, a professional, probably from a climbing club, going to a centre often, practicing, so he has a membership. There are 23 climbing gyms in london, 3 exclusive ones, which he can afford going by the price he must have paid for the paint. Going by the kind of climbing that was necessary, it must have been “Wallwards climbing”.”
So... where should Sherlock go now? See John? Who knew how often he'd still be able to. On the other hand he wasn't sure if he could control his emotions anymore. He didn't want to cry in front of him. He didn't want to lose him! And even the thought left him completely heartbroken. So he stood there in deep thought. Calculating. Very well aware that his mind couldn't find a solution for this problem. It was a heart-thing.
Sherlock paused for a second when John told him they wouldn't go much further, as he thought he had probably made a mistake, that it would have been wrong to open his shirt. But when he heard that it was for him, that it was because John was being considerate, he was really glad that he had found somebody this understanding. Somebody who loved him this dearly.
He knew he didn't mean it, and the sting of guilt lingered in his chest, but he felt like he deserved to act like a brat. All these things Sherlock had chosen not to tell him about...
"Why, why give me all of that? I left you, this is the first time I've visited since I left 8 years ago, surely Harry deserves at least half, if not all of the house and belongings?" John asked, his voice becoming urgent and high.
"Like what, gay boy? You'll kill me? Huh?" He asked, getting in Sherlock's face, "Go on, try me, I promise I'll bite!" She said, and with that, she sank her canines deep into Sherlock's hand that was keeping her down.
“Neither do I”, replied Sherlock to John saying that he didn't want for this to stop. And the detective spoke with a warmth in his voice that he had forgotten that it was capable of.
"So," he sighed, head resting on his palm, he chuckled quietly and wiped his face again, "So I don't know," he furrowed his eyebrow and wetted his lips with his tongue, "I don't know what to do with myself. I just found out I bloody killed someone, and then I unleashed a whole armada against you for no apparent reason because I felt I needed it to fuel my ever growing narcissism. And Harry's been bringing back an onslaught of settled guilt that's been eating away at me for 8 years. So..." He searched his brain to see if there was anything else he needed to say, he didn't find anything, "Yeah. That's it."
I didn't lose John. He was here with me, excited, nosy and lovely as ever. I was sitting next to him, so close that I could have held his hand if I hadn't been able to control myself. So close I could have stolen a kiss...
John let out an obvious breath of annoyance as he heard the shaking in Sherlock's voice. The male ran his fingers through his hair stressfully and slowly closed his eyes "Sherlock... Please don't lie to me" he muttered quietly before standing up slowly "Where are you? I want you to come home Sherlock, to me." He said firmly before reaching for his coat, slowly slipping it on "Tell me the address and i will come in a cab to get you... Sherlock, You cant keep running away from things because you are afraid of.. Showing emotion" he said firmly. "Please Sherlock, I know you are a 'Sociopath' But you have a heart. I can see the emotion in your eyes when we talk... Please come home" he said, tightening his grip on his phone before slowly rubbing at his eyes. "I love you.." He muttered quietly
“Good deduction, yes. Took you a while, didn't it?”, he managed to reply. He had almost feared that he wouldn't find anything fitting to answer. Firstly because he wasn't used to flirting, secondly because John made him really really nervous. He couldn't focus or think about the important things anymore.
"It probably wasn't even drugs. But if it wasn't I dread to think what it was. Could it come back again?" John wondered quietly.
I opened the cupboard to get the cups, but there was something strange. A piece of paper looked down on me. “Forward to John” it said... That confused me. I opened another door of the cupboard, and it was the same there... and the same in all the other ones... in the last one I found a letter.
Sherlock took a break here to increase John's excitement. He had talked really fast before, too fast maybe. He had wanted to escape to the case and it worked. It always worked.
“Well, that's true, I suppose...“, Sherlock replied, just to reply at all. This situation was very difficult for him because for once he had to choose his words carefully. He didn't want to hurt John any further.
Garnet red, premium manifacture, obtained by the carmine scale, imported from southern Mexico, not keen. Painted on there while John and I had been distracted, like 15 minutes to get to the walls and let everything that had helped reaching the place disappear. Ladder? Too small. From out of the windows? Too complicated. Aerial ladder? Possible. Eye-catching? Definately. Asking people on the street if they had seen somebody? Not really my area...
“It's not a date though”, he heard John say and looked at him. Of course it wasn't, why did he have to say that repeatedly? The ordinary human brain was weird. Sherlock thought about it for a second and came to the assumption that it was because he had said that he would pay for the food, a thing that was usually done in relationships, paying for the other. Obviously he didn't want Sherlock to think that he wanted to take him out or something. Why? Was he behaving that weird next to all gay people he knew? Sherlock had never paid attention to that. Maybe he did.
"Right..." Sherlock replied and let John go. He was looking at him and had no idea what to say or what to do. Comforting... he wasn't an expert in comforting...
John saw the confusion on Sherlock's face through the muddy darkness, and gently eased himself beside Sherlock, just so they were touching, and if Sherlock felt comfortable, he could put his arm around him or spoon him. It didn't matter if he did or not, John wanted him to feel relaxed and not forced into anything he didn't want to do. "It's ok, my little tin soldier..." John murmured, watching the world through heavy eyelids.
The pain... God, The pain was unbearable, it was like his skull was being split in half! It filled his entire head, and made it impossible think about anything else. Claws were scaring his mind, clenching down on his brain. He could hear his heartbeat smash around his mind, the thudding only worsened the pain. What was this?! Make it stop! He tried to open his eyes, but the light was blinding and felt like it was frying his corneas. Black spots had swarmed his vision. In the short time he had them open however, he could see a black Sherlock-shaped blot next to him in his vision. Sherlock! He swatted his arms around to try and find the solid side of Sherlock. The pain grew with each moment his head didn't have anything pressed against it. Soon, a pressure built up in his face. He let out a broken sob. From somewhere near him, he could hear Sherlock's greatly muffled voice, panicked and loud. The ringing blocked most of it out, it drilled into his head. Make it stop!
John stepped out of the taxi slowly, allowing himself to calm down before making his way into the restaurant. He was still a little hurt from what Sherlock had done, but he knew it was needed, that otherwise Moriarty would get suspicious. But once again, John had allowed his emotions to fog his memory and forget about the cameras being in place. John nodded at the waitress as he made his way inside, a slight smile on his lips as he made his way towards where he hoped Sherlock was sat, and luckily for him, he was correct. John stepped up to the table and studied Sherlock carefully, a slight smirk on his lips as he spoke "You owe me for hurting my feelings..." He muttered into the detectives ear, gently biting it before sitting opposite his detective. John swallowed nervously and studied the mop of still damp curls, heart pounding as he waited for a response "I erm... I'm sorry I kissed you Sherlock" he grumbled, slowly glancing away from him before closing his eyes "I had completely forgotten about the cameras... Especially since you rushed out my room this morning" he grumbled.
After another kiss he said: “But we have to wait with it. Right now we're still fighting, remember? I pushed you away after you kissed me. So, neither of us will return to Baker Street tonight because we fear to meet the other one there. He won't wonder why we're not there and we can stay in the hotel without anybody wondering where we could have gone. Then tomorrow I will return and wait for you in the living room, and we will have our reconciliation. We admit our feelings for each other and... well, stage a little show for Moriarty.”
"Okay. This is not about me. Are you alright?" Sherlock would have felt bad if they would have discussed his bad social knowledge again while this was about John. He knew he wasn't alright. But he didn't know how else to ask.
“There was the sand case, of which you can't tell me that you don't remember it because it was when I...”, he coughed guiltily, “Made you angry... anyway, that's the connection between these two cases and John, Moriarty left a hint for me so I'd figure out what happened in that restroom. He had given another case to me weeks ago, there had been ash in both as he wanted me to compare them...”
“I'm sorry...”, he said, several times actually, “John, I should have told you earlier, I'm so sorry...”
Sherlock had done his research, he had learned about the water circulation of rivers, he had known ash for a long time already and added some sand to it now, everything was stored in boxes he could throw away once he had solved the case. He had spent this night the most useful way and although he had barely slept he felt energetic and couldn't wait to get up and investigate.
He was a soldier for god's sake, not a child. He wasn't getting angry at Sherlock, and he hoped that the detective didn't take it that way. John was getting annoyed at himself, and the predicament they were in. A sense of hopelessness and frustration was building up in his chest, and pretty soon it would burst out. A tantrum was approaching like a thick black John-shaped storm.
He was already playing that scene where he'd break John in his head. He knew what would make him furious, what would make him leave. It was for the best. Once they were apart Moriarty wouldn't expect Sherlock to care about John anymore and he would be safe. Keeping John safe was the number one priority. Everything else had to stand behind. When they had beaten Moriarty, they probably could be together... no. Sherlock couldn't allow himself to these thoughts. He was not what John needed, what anybody needed. He was a high functioning sociopath. He solved crimes, investigated in murders. Wherever he'd go, death would follow him. And John's death was something he couldn't overcome. If John ever died he'd definitely end himself, too.
John sighed, and his hand clenched down on the cup. He didn't break or bend the plastic, but he wanted to. He wanted to just... destroy. Anything. Everything. Let loose for once in his goddamn life. Heaven knew he deserved it.
Sherlock was highly impressed by John's mother. Well, for an ordinary person. She was smarter than most people, kind in a way, but not that kind of way that was annoying. She had the same warmth surrounding her that John possessed, and that caused him to rate her even higher than his own parents. Not that they had deserved an award for parenting anyway.
“You don't need to say anything. I know you are not familiar with these kinds of emotions. I know that you are not even sure if it's love, that you don't know where the line between friendship and lovers ends, that you don't know what it means that you feel close to me, to like the way I act and the way I look, and that you don't know what love feels like. But it doesn't matter”, he placed his hand on my cheek now, “Because I have never experienced something quite like this before, either. And maybe we can just find out together? Set our own limits but see what this between us really is.”
John looked into Sherlock's eyes, his wide pupils darting back and forth to make sure that he was indeed real. And not his mind playing tricks. Sherlock's hands mounded around John's face, the feel and the warmth that radiated from them... They had to be real. His chest felt light, as if his lungs had disappeared, but his heart had leapt up into his mouth, throbbing frantically. A cold sweat had broken out on his forehead. He collapsed into Sherlock's arms, chest caving in as his gave into the sobs forcing their way up his throat. He didn't let himself cry. "Don't leave me... Don't leave me..." John whispered, voice wavering.
Johns smile dropped from his face when he listened to that usual monotone response. The male let out a groan and tilted his head up, staring up at the ceiling briefly "God give me strength" he scoffed before shaking his head, Sipping his tea before sitting down in his usual chair. The doctor watched the sociopath carefully, Allowing his thumb to run along his bottom lip as he studied the curls. A chuckle escaped his lips as he allowed himself to become lost in Sherlocks image for a few moments before blinking when he realised he was staring at him. John coughed nervously into his hand and he shifted in his seat, looking down at the paper carefully but he found that he wasnt able to pay attention to the blur of words and pictures in front of him. John closed the paper in obvious anger, slowly tapping his fingers on his knee as he waited for the detective to show any sign of him actually registering his presence. "Sherlock, I made you tea." He said firmly, glancing to the cup of tea he had placed next to the detective which was still untouched. The male slowly stood back up, scratching at his stomach which caused his shirt to rise slightly "I suppose you want me to get dressed then? Since we are heading out?" He presumed, hoping that for once, Sherlock would not rush out on his own.
It took me a second to realize that he was talking about the case and not my real thoughts. Of course. How could he have known?
Sherlock watched John walk away and took a deep breath. This was what he had wanted. He had been successful. Then why did it feel so wrong?
Sherlock had sat down at a corner in the very back of the restaurant, where most people wouldn't see him, but John would know that he was there, smart John. He would come. Although Sherlock would never doubt his intellect, John was driven by emotions too much, ordinary, beloved John. And those emotions could stand in his way when it was coming to understand, to remember the cameras. But Sherlock had explained it in the message. If he hadn't understood, he would as soon as he got it. But what if he wouldn't read it? If he was so mad, so broken that he wouldn't open the message?
John nodded slowly as he listened to him before letting out a slow sigh "Get some rest then... Its going to be a long ride" he whispered, slowly gripping on to the steering wheel of their stolen car before turning off down onto the motorway, Getting out of London as quickly as they could. John had a plan, Somewhere safe they could go... Away from Moriarty. John rubbed his eyes and glanced out the window, Looking at London one last time before pressing down the pedal to speed away.
But there was nothing at first, only silence. It surely could have been children who wanted to make fun of him, as their parents were granting them too much free time, but it was not like his number was to be found that easily. The person at the other end had had to dig deep to contact him like this, so it was supposed to be a threat.
What if this now was a trap? Mrs. Hudson was in danger... maybe we would be in danger going upstairs. Choice! I had to make a choice!
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he watched the criminal in front of him, clicking his tongue in irritation "We all know that you are lying Moriarty, I can tell from your shoes and creases in your shirt that you planned on following us" he growled before clenching his fists, noticing that the man had stepped towards the pair. John glanced over at Sherlock, watching his new lover carefully before he clenched his fists, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his gun. The male watched the criminal in front of him, raising the gun towards him "Mr Moriarty, I suggest you back off, or I will shoot you." He said firmly.
"At least I'm not some sort of fake genius prick like you! I just show who I am, instead of hiding it underneath layers of bullshit!" She shouted.
“And yes, if that's what you'd like to do, let's stay in a hotel tonight”, he now placed his hand on John's cheek, “It will all be fine. We'll figure out how to stop Moriarty, so we can be together...”
Then he left the place. He couldn't think here. Ran into one of the waiters who apologized immediately. Walked through the crowd, ignored them. Called a cab and went to a far off building he had visited often enough already. It was a good place to think. Nobody else came here like, ever.
Slowly, John leant over and put his hand over Sherlock's left one, running his thumb down the side of his slender fingers.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Now he just laid there, peacefully, as if nothing had happened. Only a bit of light came through the door, but it bathed the room in some orange atmosphere, it felt warm, although I was so cold.
Sherlock looked at John, thinking about the whole thing. He would prefer to wear clothes, although he could sleep better while he was wearing none at all. But next to John being in clothes would be better... probably. He didn't know what was better. How would he know? All he knew was that some really soft clothes could make it way more cuddly and less... sexual. He would actually love for John to wear some kind of pullover and lean against him then, feel safe and protected. But he couldn't disappoint him again, so he started opening his shoes.
John scoffed, not trying to hide himself. "Seriously? You still have to avert your eyes? What do you want Sherlock?"
“I owe you...”, Sherlock whispered with his mind far away... but shook his head then to eliminate that thought and return to the present.
“What are you still doing here? Shouldn't you be off getting me a pardon or something? Like a proper big brother?”
Sherlock was mad at her now. Why was she being like this? It was just annoying. Worse input than that from Anderson, and that was really difficult! He walked to the door, ripped it open and growled at her: "And why do you think we have to do what you want? Firstly: It doesn't make any difference for you how early or late we get up, so why bother? And secondly: This is not your house, it still belongs to your mother who was so kind to let us stay here. So would you excuse us and mind your own business? That would be very kind, thank you." Then he slammed the door behind him and got inside again, adjusting the ends of his sleeves. He took a breath as this had been long necessary and was glad that he finally said it. John most assumingly didn't dare to do so, and so Sherlock would have to take care of protecting him. This kind of protection was so easy compared against the one against Moriarty.
“Doubt that”, I replied now, this was strange enough, and I didn't want to play along no more, “And if you want people to know you, just show yourself. Why hiding behind this mask if you could present yourself the most extraordinary way?”
“Yes, John, the restaurant. Where you thought you had shot Moriarty? The body that disappeared?”, Sherlock wondered if John really wasn't able to remember while his subconscious mind observed that he had sat down next to him.
Sherlock tried not to breath (which was pretty difficult with regard to the fact that he had just been breathing really hard) and just stared at John. What would they do now? Absolute silence was the only possibility.
Sherlock lifted a hand as he wanted to comfort John and hesitated as he thought of where exactly to put it. He decided to pat John's shoulder, but soon he let the hand rest there. Poor, poor John.
I was alarmed now. Going back? He couldn't be serious. They'd be waiting for us, it'd be a trap and we'd run into it! They'd kill Sherlock... no, I wouldn't allow that. If I had to... I'd kill them first.
John frowned slightly. He was worried about Sherlock, which, in a way, was ironic, seeing as though it should be the other way around. He let out a small sigh, and looked into Sherlock's eyes, his gaze flickering from left to right. It wouldn't reveal much of his feelings, but it never hurt to try with Sherlock. But, as normal, nothing helped John figure out what his boyfriend was concerned about, although he could take a good guess and say it was him. Sherlock's eyes remained calm, but John knew better. He swallowed.
Sherlock wasn't even able to speak. He looked at the ash, human ash obviously, but it was impossible that it was Jim's burnt body.
„John, call Lestrade so he can tell us more about her identity“, Sherlock said while he started to look at her hair and the thumbs. He knew who she was, but maybe he had missed something. Although that was very unlikely. But he wanted to include John in his studies.
“I'm wide awake”, Sherlock replied, irritated about the contact of his arm and John's hand, but he liked it. He wanted to touch him too in a way, but he had no idea what he should do. He looked at John and tried to think of something, but couldn't figure it out... why were these things so difficult? This situation caught him in a way that he could think of nothing else.
“John?”, I asked looking at him worriedly. He had a sheet of paper in his hand and looked terribly down.
Sherlock was incredibly surprised by the tone John suddenly started to use and watched him for a second, then he did as he was told. It was a really great surprise.
Sherlock's footing seemed to be uncertain, and John was worried about being dropped by accident onto the stone floor, but Sherlock didn't slip, and remained upright the entire time. When he reached the car however, he halted, and John felt him duck down to try and open the car door. Sluggishly, John intervened and took the keys from Sherlock's hand before lowering them down to the door and twisting. Nausea had begun to stir in the back of his throat, and he tried to swallow it down. It wasn't too bad at the moment, he just hoped it wouldn't grow.
“John... it's not okay.... I want to be close to you, I do. I just wasn't prepared and didn't know what to do... I told you so before... I'm very new to this, I don't know what people usually do. Please don't be mad at me, I want to be close to you...”
Just as quick as the nausea came, it was gone again, and left John feeling ever so slightly dizzy. He stood up from his hunched position, pressing his hand against the wall. He must've been quiet enough not to disturb Sherlock, which said something. Sherlock was like a bat sometimes. John wiped his lips and took a large sip of water to flush out the taste. He moved it around his mouth before spitting it into the sink. After that, he quickly got dressed back into his clothes, like nothing had happened, and walked back into the room.
“Have you forgotten who we're dealing with? It's Moriarty, he's a criminal mastermind, but most of all, like me. And as you have so politely mentioned once, John: I am a drama queen, and so is Moriarty. He won't kill me at once, otherwise he would have already. Why would he have put his face like an advertisement on every screen in the UK? He wanted attention. He could have killed me easily, if he had wanted to, blow up the plane for instance, but he didn't. No, something bigger is coming up to us and I bet it's all made for me, all to make me suffer. For what reason ever.”
The cab stopped and Sherlock climbed out of it without saying a word. He saw the place John wanted to go to and walked towards it. He had already made a plan. He had to break John's heart.
I was unable to say any more than that. He hadn't meant to come back. He had planned to die in exile. To leave me alone. Without him. Again.
John slowly peeled back, panting softly as he looked up at the detective, a massive grin growing on his lips and he felt a warmth begin to flood through him "W-Wow Sherlock" he whispered, reaching out to Gently cup his cheek before pecking his lips one last time. John let out a small laugh and pulled the other male in close, holding onto him tightly. "Mine.. I dont want to stop kissing you" he chuckled softly, slowly running a hand along his back before looking into his eyes slowly "So... this will be our special place and room... I want you to sleep here tonight" he muttered, studying the detectives eyes carefully before giving him a gentle smile
Sherlock held his head with his hands now, trying to focus and express himself clearly. John not being well highly distracted him. "He is dead. You shot him. But it's fine, John. It's... it's not your fault, you know? It was Moriarty. He was pulling the strings, leading your hands. You can't blame yourself for this."
“Yes“, Sherlock replied and looked at John, looked at him carefully, observed his features to kill the horror with beauty.
He avoided the topic of that... thing on purpose, because he didn't want to disgrace himself any further. John must have thought of him as an idiot already, which made Sherlock furious in a way, because these kinds of things simply had never mattered to him and he hadn't actually thought of the things that John's sister could have done. Why would he? It wasn't of any importance.
It was Mary to reply. Sherlock barely even listened. His thoughts were stuck on John and he was still in his own world somehow and had to concentrate hard to handle reality. Mary wanted... to take him to hospital.
But he had to focus, John sneaking into his thoughts was the last thing he could need to deal with now. Though it could be a nice distraction... no! Plotting. Plotting.
"But still, I know what it's like to have those memories, memories that should stay in the deepest parts of your mind, away from light. You don't need me prodding and poking around them, and you certainly don't need them to burst out at the moment."
He was still hesitating. It was something new. Usually he couldn't wait to tell everybody what he had figured, but this time... there was no fun to it at all.
When we arrived at Baker Street Sherlock and I got out of the car. Mary wanted to come along, but I had reminded her on her pregnancy and she finally listened to reason. If it had been just her she, of course, would have taken the risk without the blink of an eye, but we now also had to think of the safety of the child... which made everything even more complicated... but I couldn't think about my feelings for Sherlock right now. He was standing right next to me, which made me shiver, but... I was married to Mary, now. Sherlock had been gone, I had moved on. And now that he was back... the feelings for him which I had tried to fight so hard were, too. I thought they'd go away when building up a life with Mary, but they didn't and... sigh, everything was so complicated!
John cleared his throat as a signal to get out whilst they still could. He walked over to her bedside and kissed her cheek gently. He felt her smile. He felt like he should be grateful, and happy, but instead he felt guilty. He knew why he felt like that, but he still didn't want to feel that way. When was mum going to tell Harry? John hoped that when she was told, he would be back in London away from the storm that would ensue. Motioning for Sherlock to follow, John walked out of the door, and Sherlock closed it gently after him. They were now in the open hallway, with no idea which room was theirs. Shit.
Sherlock could hear John snapping at her, but he didn't listen. Those stupid ordinary people didn't deserve his attention. He kneeled down and observed the heap.
He wasn't ready to admit that he had been overwhelmed by his feelings, neither to John nor to himself.
John felt the slight brush of Sherlock's stiff member against his leg as the detective lowered himself down beside him so that they were lying next to each other, legs intwined. His hairs stood on end from the shiver of pleasure that ran through him, he imagined Sherlock on top of him, riding him, the feeling of...No, none of those thoughts tonight. If Sherlock didn't want that sort of love at the moment then John would respect his feelings. John rested his upper body on top of Sherlock's chest. Throughout all of this, their lips never broke contact. He secretly wished that he could take his underpants off, they were.... Restricting. His hands cupped Sherlock's face and he kissed him harder to blank his mind from any selfish or mood-wrecking thoughts. They moved up into his dark hair and teased the curls. It was soothing to John, he pulled gently, so that it wouldn't hurt Sherlock's scalp.
"That's no maybe", Sherlock grinned, looking away though because he tried to act serious, "Your cheeks are really really red. Are we having indecent thoughts?"
Sherlock was really tired by now, the sleep was conquering his mind. But when John said those special words, he could only smile.
He looked at John and wondered what was going on in that brain of his. Why would he ask him something like that? Friendly worry probably.
But what I didn't understand was why he kept insisting on me to tell him what Moriarty's plans were. He hadn't been interested at all when I had survived...
"It's just the recent events have come down on me all at once. It's probably just my heightened emotions talking at the moment, and before you say anything, no, I am not letting you go off without me and no I am not letting you give yourself in to Moriarty."
While placing those kisses, Sherlock went deeper and deeper, until he kissed around the edge of John's underwear and ran his hands over his thighs. He could continue now, he could, but from this point on he was helpless. Kissing John's upper body had been what his impulses had told him to do, it was like John had said earlier, but now there could be so many mistakes... So Sherlock let go of John, sat on his knees and looked at his lover. He enjoyed this very much. Both of them did. And Sherlock wanted more. He wanted to be as close to John as he could. He knew that both of them were wanting this. "Please, John, continue", he said, as he wanted for John to go back in charge. This was the best way to deal with it.
John let out a breathless laugh as he listened to the flustered male speak, his own cheeks turning a deep shade of red and he slowly ran his tongue along his bottom lip when he noticed Sherlock was staring at them "Well... if he has already got cameras set up... its a little late to show him that you 'dont care' about me" he breathed, studying Sherlocks eyes briefly before carefully leaning in. John pulled the taller male down closer to him and he let out a hum, a smile on his lips "Cant we just he this moment..?" He muttered before pressing his lips against Sherlock, a jolt of excitement rushing through the doctors veins.
“Oh, yes. I looked at it to see if Lestrade had been able to make some progress and surprisingly he has. They were able to track down Gareth Skinner and they had asked him several questions, to which he didn't reply. So I've been looking him up. Found out some interesting facts and now we have to go to Scotland Yard to meet him and find out who was behind all this.”
John pouted slightly when the male said that he couldn't, the doctor sighing as he rested his hand against his head, studying Sherlock's face before smirking "hmmmm.... Im going to punish you later" he smirked at him, studying Sherlock carefully before crossing his arms, leaning back into his chair as he watched him "just you wait until tonight.... In the hotel room" he growled before licking his lips "lets hear this plan then" he grinned at him.
“If you want to leave me in fear, sir, you should probably also do something for it”, Mycroft said, not willing to simply hang up and leave this be a waste of his precious time, “This silence is not really working.”
“I haven't been talking about you. There are ghosts way more dangerous, laying further in the past. People who were able to do things you couldn't even imagine. Compared to them you are just... boring!”
Sherlock's attempts at keeping his pleasure unknown to the other guests made John huff quietly to himself in amusement. But, at the same time, he saw it as a challenge, to try and make Sherlock unable to stop himself from shouting. Whilst he was gently kissing his throat, his hand snaked downwards and 'glossed' over Sherlock's member, almost casually, so that it wouldn't be picked up as intentional. A simple slip, that was all...
“I probably should tell you what made me feel like... that. What made me lose control. As you're asking to share my thoughts and feelings with you. I just don't want to endanger or scare you more than necessary.”
"Tell me dears, why have you decided to come and visit this old house? I have a feeling it's not to catch up with Harriet, so indulge an old woman." She said, her blue eyes shining.
After the emergency doctor had done what I couldn't and assured us that after a rest all would be fine (well, as fine as it could be in this situation), I had told Lestrade that I would be able to handle things on my own now and that he should continue investigating in the case. Sherlock shouldn't have felt like he did for nothing and we needed to find that Gareth Skinner. He could give us valuable information on where to find the head of that new Moriarty organization. And would it only have been so that I could show him what I was really capable of. I wouldn't allow anybody to torture Sherlock like this.
"I know Sherlock, but remember, I was in a war. My whole day consisted of being scared shitless!" John chuckled quietly, rubbing Sherlock's back consolingly.
I collapsed to the floor and could only see John rushing towards me. He was safe. That was all that mattered. John. Moriarty was gone. John was here, talking to me, I couldn't understand what he was saying. John. Taking care of me in some way, I didn't really understand what he was doing.
"At least I don't have to buy her anything for Christmas anymore." John said numbly, trying to lighten the situation halfheartedly.
“You're right, all is fine. What am I even doing?”, Sherlock caught himself again realizing how stupid his reaction about this was. He wasn't this weak. This dream couldn't hurt him.
Sherlock didn't understand. Was John blaming the whole thing on him now? Why? He had only tried to protect him, wasn't that what he was supposed to do?
John gave Sherlock an assuring smile when he looked up at him, like a child awaiting their parents' permission... Not exactly the best topic to bring up right before they were going to have sex. They were so close, Sherlock's thumbs were hooked on the elastic. If anyone should be hesitating it was John, he was still unsure whether Sherlock truly wanted this or not. But, if Sherlock was willing to take his pants off... Then he must be ready. He gave a small, single nod.
John smirked slightly as he watched Sherlock climb onto the bed next to him, the doctor chuckling as he licked his lips "You look so Tempting" he chuckled softly before slowly turning towards the male who was laying slightly stiffly "Relax Sherlock..." he muttered before slowly wrapping his arms around Sherlocks waist, his heart pounding as he had thought of this moment ever since he felt him begin to develop feelings for Sherlock. John panted softly and his cheeks turned a deep shade of red, the male pressing his face into Sherlocks neck and he let out a shy giggle "you can.. wrap your arms around me too" he muttered "Just relax... do what you think is best" he muttered quietly before slowly pressing his lips against Sherlocks neck. "I have wanted this my whole life" he grumbled before pulling him in even closer, holding onto the back of his shirt tightly."mine..." he reminded him before biting down on Sherlocks pale neck, sucking the sensitive skin into his mouth to create a dark bruise.
Sherlock looked at John in consideration. More... or less. It was hard to say. It was like his body did want more, and wasn't he a little old to make a fuss about it? He wanted to be close to John, but did he want to be this close? It was hard to say. He didn't want to disappoint John. He wanted to tell him he was ready, he wanted to be the man he deserved.
John smirked at him and nodded firmly "That sounds like a brilliant idea" he hummed happily before reaching out, gently taking a hold of his hand and giving it a small squeeze "Thank you... This will be a fun plan" he chuckled quietly before he ran his fingers through his hair with his free hand "So.... are you looking forward to this evening?" He asked curiously before glancing around the cafe, keeping a look out before turning his attention back to Sherlock "mmm tomorrow i will perhaps get my uniform out" he grinned at him
Sherlock got nervous again. Not only because of the possibility that Moriarty could be watching them in this exact moment. He felt John's touch and didn't know how to react to it. It was nice and warm, like it had been the last time. Physical contact did make him uncomfortable, but only because he had never learned what to do when it happened.
"Are you blushing over there, Doctor Watson?", Sherlock mentioned jokingly and grinned at the other male. He loved this happy mood. This teeny, flirty kind of mood. Hadn't John been weak like he was it probably would have ended in tickling or chasing each other through the halls. But just teasing talk could be nice too.
Sherlock's heart got struck by an ache when John started to talk about his ex girlfriends. He knew that he was with him now, but still... it was a mix of hurt and jealousy. But he listened carefully anyway and understood why he had hurt his love.
Sherlock had come out of the car more calm than before. He hadn't slept, but his mind had drifted far away and that had calmed him down in a way. He had been able to think about everything properly while he had banished the thought of the possibility that even this car they were in could have been attacked.
“Oh Sherlock, shouldn't you be holding back your pet a bit? He seems to be slightly misbehaving. Interrupting our quick-witted repartee”, he turned to the detective now and approached him, self confident and unpredictable as always.
When he went inside he saw John laying on the couch, a pillow in front of his face. What was he doing? Trying to kill himself?!
It wasn't only to wash John's obvious sadness away, it was the truth. He trusted him and if he liked it, why shouldn't Sherlock be appealed to it, too?
“What? Sherlock it's..”, what time was it even? I wanted to look at my phone, but it wasn't where I had left it. Of course. “Sherlock, have you seen my phone?”
Sherlock breathed in hard and deep as he woke up from this nightmare. Where was he? His view moved from one piece of the room to the other very fast. John. John! He was next to him.. he was fine.
Mycroft stayed alone, picking up the pieces of the paper, just like he had picked up the pieces of his fragile little brother on his worst day, during his darkest times. Memories tortured him. And the fear that they'd happen all over again. Redbeard...
John sighed, allowing himself to hang back as Sherlock entered the building. John studied the males back and nodded, a smile growing on his lips "I suppose they do..." he muttered, allowing his eyes to close for a moment to allow his racing heart to calm down before he rushed forwards, making his way into the building after him. John hummed happily as he made his way through the hospital, thinking over the relationship he actually has with Sherlock. They were definitely friends, they had there... slight intimate moments and intense minutes but he knew that they would never be more. He knew he didnt exactly help himself by saying constantly that he wasnt gay. But he wasnt sure as to whether Sherlock had realised that he was infact bi sexual... he had never brought a man home, but he'd had 2 male lovers since joining homes with Sherlock, mostly to try and get over his feelings for the tall detective.
Sherlock stared up at John for what felt like much too long with his spine curved back. John was staring right back, and only the end of the music seemed to draw them back to reality. John pulled Sherlock back up against his chest before quickly dropping his hand and waist and moving back.
“It was all right, but you need it to flow with the beat of the music too. The dip should start on the beat, fall in between, and then bring her back up on the upbeat.”
tell how you’re allowed to treat me, and bursting into my flat in the middle of the night, soaking wet and making me feel guilty for trying to move on is
John still hadn’t turned to face him, and had moved closer to the window. He looked down at Sherlock’s music stand where the two versions of John’s song were sitting – one with the real title, and one with the fake title that Sherlock was rewriting for the wedding.
“Do you know, when you went downstairs to return Mrs. Hudson’s crockery after dinner, I asked Rosie why she had asked about my sexuality. She’s a precocious little thing, but I’ll admit I was a bit caught off guard by the question. Do you know what she said?”
An hour later, Sherlock was wishing he had steel toed boots and John had said ‘sorry’ approximately eighty three times. If Mary thought a waltz was going to be easy for John, she was sorely mistaken. How had this man even been in the military? He couldn’t follow instructions for anything!
He had begged Mycroft to make it possible to contact John, or at least let the man know he was actually alive, but it just wasn’t safe, and John’s safety was top priority. Listening to John talk to his headstone, hearing the utter anguish in his tearful voice had left Sherlock split open and seething with self-hatred and guilt, but there was nothing he could do. John would never truly be safe until Moriarty’s network had been neutralized, and as much as it killed him, Sherlock had to turn his focus onto his mission instead.
Sherlock had been lost in thought for a few hours before the knock came. He’d been so deep in his Mind Palace that he hadn’t heard the footsteps on the stairs, and so he wasn’t sure who could be knocking. Checking the clock and seeing that it was nearly midnight left very few possibilities, and Sherlock took a deep breath before standing and answering the door.
. It was like seeing the only drop of water in a barren desert dry up just before you reached it. They’d had eighteen months together before The Fall, and Sherlock had not once ever considered that John felt the same. He was so stupid.
Well, that was a hell of a question. Was he ashamed? John knew he was attracted to women and had loved multiple women, but he couldn’t deny that he was also attracted to the male form, and as for loving men – well.
, Sherlock. I honestly don’t know what I am anymore. After all the shite we’ve been through together, I think I have to agree with Rosie – it doesn’t matter if I’m straight or gay or something in between. I think perhaps – perhaps I’ve always loved you too, it just took me the equivalent of an anvil to the head to realize it.”
When discussing contingency plans with Mycroft, Sherlock had fought hard to make sure John was going to be in on most of the plans. He couldn’t bear to lie to John, but he knew a certain level of deceit was necessary to put some of the plans into effect. There were some plans that required John to not be included at all, and Sherlock had tried to avoid them as much as he could. The problem was that he would have no idea which plan he’d need until he was on the roof and Moriarty made his move. Of course the heartless bastard had made it so that the plan Sherlock hated the most, the one that would break John, was the plan they had to use. Lazarus was go, and Sherlock hated himself.
“We can’t both lead,” Sherlock nearly shouted, his frustration finally getting the best of him. John was not as idiotic as most everyone else in the world, but he was completely hopeless at dancing.
There was nothing left to do but wait. He had written his best man speech, or as close to a written speech as Sherlock ever got. He knew what he was going to say. Sitting in his chair, staring across at the empty space that once was the home of John’s chair, Sherlock lost himself in memory.
He could feel Sherlock’s body stiffen under his touch, “Lestrade, the case, off course I need to focus.”
They were standing in a small living room, wooden floor and sparse furniture. In front of them Peter stood, looking twenty years older at least from when John had seen him last, he held a hunter’s shotgun aimed at Sherlock’s chest. John’s mind quickly and unbidden repeated everything he knew about how a person looks after having been shot at such close range. Peter’s hand was firm but his grey, watery eyes flickered everywhere.
“I know, of course Sherlock. It was utterly out of place,” He said the words to save his friendship even though they hurt, hurt like few things had before.
The second dead had been the one in charge of sending him to the British army as a civilian nurse. His orders had been to look for the historical treasures of the national museum, which had gone missing sometime during the war.
On the other side of the street was a pharmacy and an off-licence, the irony in placing those two next to each other amused Sherlock and he wished John had been there so he could point out another fallacy of the human race to him.
“I need you to tell me if you saw anything suspicious at around 8.15 this morning,” replied Sherlock.
John had not been back to 221b Baker Street since he moved out; he had not been able to. The thought of the house still standing there, someone else living in those rooms, it was just too much for him.
The pub was half empty, John and a couple of locals occupying most of the chairs around the bar. A group of teenagers talking loudly at one of the few larger tables in the back. The place was no more than a walk-in bar really, one of those pubs that had bought its entire interior from a catalogue. From the fake old bar, to the fake old beams in the ceiling, and fake old bronze decorations on the fake old wallpaper. It was exactly the type of pub he hated and normally would never set his foot in. Even the beer was some tasteless generic brand. It seemed appropriate tonight.
He let his hands slide slowly down, across the vast expanse of Sherlock’s back. The soft skin broken by hard lumps of healed wounds and the supportive bandage Sherlock wore around his ribs. He slid further down, hands encircling a firm, naked buttock each. He kneaded them slowly as Sherlock licked, bit, and kissed his neck. He would worship Sherlock’s arse another day, he decided, when there was time. He pulled the cheeks apart, wishing he could see it as Sherlock let out a little moan against his jugular. Another day, he would take him apart with fingers and tongue.
John shook himself and forced his attention back to the screen, he was going to write this post even if it took him all day. He typed a couple of sentences and then promptly deleted them again.
Four nicotine patches later Sherlock was still no closer to a solution. He would have to do this the hard way. He sprung up from his resting place on the sofa, grabbed his coat and made for the laboratory at Scotland Yard. He would go over every piece of evidence, every detail, the bodies and the few leads they had. Everything until something told him what was going on.
“It’s ok,” John smiles, “I got the sweater, I’m good,” he fingers the soft wool to demonstrate that this was indeed a very nice gift. For a second he has a manic idea that Mycroft knew he had gotten that present for Sherlock and furthermore had known that Sherlock would not get him something and so bought the sweater and somehow had known that Sherlock would give it to him and that John would not throw it away but open it and ... He abandons the train of thought because it will most likely drive him mad and turn him into one of those gibbering people wearing foil hats convinced that the ‘government’ is after them. He is interrupted anyway by Sherlock.
Peter managed to keep the gun steady as he ran a hand over his face. Sweat was running down his temples even in this cold, sparse hair lying in stripes over his scalp.
“Well people who are not normal I am quite sure also does this,” John answered shaking his head as he left to find a towel which he threw at Sherlock.
Lestrade motioned them to come inside the van and as John entered he smiled at him, “Glad to see your OK Doctor, would have hated to have you lying in our morgue.”
John turned his attention to the corpse. Sherlock did too. The man was lying on his back, legs twisted in unnatural shapes to fit around the toilet bowl. His eyes were still open, slightly glazed and staring lifeless into the distant ceiling. Over the body, a handful of pennies were scattered. There was no sign of struggle.
“Wrong again we know plenty,” Sherlock folded his loupe away, tucking it into the inside coat pocket and at their blank faces proceeded to explain.
“You haven’t posted anything new in two weeks John. You are obviously suffering a writer’s block or whatever you blogger persons call it. A blogger’s block?”
“Oh, someone hit me over the head when I tried to escape,” He smiled bitterly, “It didn’t go so well as you might have noticed,” John tried to flex his arms, pain clear in new lines forming on his face. Sherlock let his hands drop away from him, feeling weirdly forlorn as he lost physical contact with his friend; like he needed to touch him to be sure he was there.
Sherlock rubbed his face and pressed the heels of his hands hard into his eyes until all he could see was stars. He supposed, logically, that somewhere along the line friendship had turned into love. The dividing line seemed a treacherous one.
He pulls Sherlock to him and kisses him again thinking that a man could die happy like this. Soon they are back to panting, grinding frantically against each other and John falls backwards, dragging Sherlock down on the bed with him.
John swallowed. “But I don’t want to, you can’t,” he never finished as his treacherous body was obviously reacting gladly to the slow, intense rub.
He hesitated. It would be so easy to just be quiet, to not say anything; Sherlock wouldn’t blame him. It would be wrong though, he wanted the other man to know he trusted him as much as Sherlock had faith in him and his troubled past.
“Ok, we go this way. I have already scouted the building,” He waved at John to follow him into the alley behind him. Once the decision was made he wasted no time.
And suddenly he was free; he leaped forward, aiming low, striking the cricket man to the ground with a shoulder in his abdomen. As he got up he saw Sherlock doing the same from where he had tackled the one holding him, a giant of a man.
But thinking of John troubled him; recently there had been something different about his friend. Sherlock still hadn’t managed to figure out quite what it was that had changed but when he was alone with nothing to do but wait he had to admit to himself that he was worried; John had been pulling away. Putting up a wall between them that had not been there before.
Maybe ignoring things won’t make them go away John allowed himself to think and he felt his stomach sinking, maybe someone was actually after him personally, however unlikely it might seem. There was this dark shadow waiting at the edge of that thought, something wholly unconnected to Sherlock and John feared it would take him over if he acknowledged it. He had always believed that if he pretended things like this didn’t exist, like a monster under the bed, they would simply stop existing convinced by John’s silent treatment that maybe they had never been real after all.
Sherlock says nothing, just looks thoughtfully at John and as the moment stretch out John finds himself squirming in his seat for no good reason.
“John, you are clearly not listening to me,” Holmes had stopped his pacing and looked at him annoyingly.
He hoped it would be enough, he did not dare try any C.P.R to start Sherlock’s heart, the broken ribs could easily slide and puncture a lung, if they hadn’t already. So he breathed air into Sherlock and prayed.
“Some would call what you are after revenge not justice,” John said unable to keep his anger in control, his mind seeing all the dead bodies Peter had left behind him, all four of them.
For a second he saw the shock in Peter’s eyes, but only for a moment. Then he pulled the gun down. To John it seemed to happen ever so slowly, he pushed the shotgun aside, there shouldn’t have been time, but there was. He flew forward in the air and he could see the whites in Peter’s eyes as he came.
It didn’t take long before the woman was joined by a man; tall and well built he had a similarly black umbrella pulled low, hiding his facial features. They greeted each other and Sherlock thought he saw a package changing hands, from the woman to the man. Sherlock made a split second decision and decided to follow the man as they separated, walking their own ways.
Sherlock smiled a small thin smile with no real joy in it and nodded his head as if a deal had been made, “Friends?” he said and stretched out a hand towards John.
“Yeah well we all get a bit irrational from lack of sleep,” Lestrade tried to rub away the blue spot that was now marring his white shirt where the pen had hit. “Take me, I have to leave for work an hour earlier than normal now that London Bridge is closed for renovations, can you believe they will have it closed until Christmas. I mean the bridge was built 1750 you would think it can hold up a bit longer.”
He wakes sweaty and hard from a dream he cannot remember. His mind slowly drags itself out of unconsciousness although it’s unfocused and everything around him is hazy and ephemeral. For a while he is sure, in an in-between dream and reality way, that he is walking, legs twitching under the cover. As his mind starts to clear he realises that he is home, in his own bed, hopelessly tangled in the sheets and that it is in fact Christmas today.
Sherlock reeled back. Everyone were right, all of them, he was a horrible person. John, the last one he wanted to hurt. John, still in shock and full of chemicals and here he was taking advantage of him, quite possibly ruining the best thing in his life while he was at it.
“I haven’t slept well,” Sherlock tries, “I had a dream about walking up this never ending staircase. I simply walked and walked without arriving anywhere; most disturbing.”
they rent it through a decoy which is why it took me some time to locate it,” Sherlock rolled up the sleeves on his ill-fitting tracksuit jacket. It had a large misshaped stain on the back; John tried not to guess where it had come from.
“Quite likely the victim was unconscious and carried here, it takes a lot of strength to overpower and carry a man that size, the assailant must have dropped a leg at one point.”
John choked on whatever answer he had prepared, something locking in his throat. He had been prepared for an argument about the necessity of caring about people, not the worry in Sherlock’s voice. He didn’t answer but instead looked down and tried to skewer his already dead duck.
Sherlock switched to dead man number one. Inch over inch he searched for that something; that piece of evidence which would let him save John. He was convinced that the murderer was only working his way towards his friend; soon they would make an attempt. John who never judged him and who always laughed with him, at all his weirdness, never at him. John who, for some mysterious reason, got him.
He swallowed hard and dared to look up, the rain was now pouring down but he hardly noticed the icy drops running down his neck and in under his jacket. His eyelashes had small droplets of water in them that reflected the street lights in a weird way.
John carefully turned the man’s left arm over looking at the knuckles, no sign of any struggle. He put the arm down again and the civilian in him told him that this was not something normal people should be doing on their Sunday off.
The text stated with little black digital letters on the screen of his phone. John looked at them intently, as if they would start a tango if he just glared hard enough. The case, his case? John thought, because surely this was his case, everything centred around him. The last couple of days he had just been walking around waiting for the consulting detective to tell him what he had learnt, but Sherlock had been secretive so far.
”. The door closed behind a dark haired woman clad in a close fitting, beige trench coat and high heels. She looked mid 30 but it was hard to tell from this distance, she could just be dressing young. She opened her umbrella against the rain and started off down the street with determined steps.
They had indeed started out as a small Christian organisation around the time of King Henry the VIII in the sixteenth century. Henry the VIII began the English Reformation which was the start of Brittan’s path from Catholicism to Protestantism. In those days they had worked underground to help Catholics in need and by funding rebels opposing the crown. However, as time moved on and members came and went the order focused more on personal wealth than supporting religious causes and by the time of the Second World War any pretence and piety had gone and all that was left of the catholic heritage was the name.
Work at the clinic was finished for the day and since he had a rare moment to himself he thought he would finish that blog post about the Case of the Pugilist Killer. He opened his word processor, took a sip of tea and let the warm liquid spread in his belly. He cracked his knuckles and started working.
He was not prepared. Peter chuckled, but it was not a hearty chuckle but rather something a madman would emit as he was burning ants with his magnifying glass. He raised the shotgun again, never taking his eyes of John and he slammed the butt into Sherlock’s stomach who reeled and grunted and at no point did Peter let go of John’s eyes.  He only moved his feet slightly to avoid the blood Sherlock coughed up.
“Yes,” John managed to get out, trying to wipe his sweaty palms on his trousers while not falling over as the van lurched trough the London traffic.
“Be quiet,” He shouted, spittle spraying from his mouth. John didn’t have time to function, everything seemed to happen in jelly, motions slow and stilted. He could see a trickle of blood appear at Sherlock’s temple and see him slump towards the wall long before the sickening noise of hard wood on flesh reached him.
Out of old military reflexes he did, as he rolled he felt air shift where he had been a second ago. Clambering up on his feet he came eye to eye with a man in black, pulling back to strike again with a shiny, new cricket bat. He rolled again, barely avoiding the blow; feeling it graze his shoulder.
They had been on the case for the last couple of days already, being led in circles, John had gotten too little sleep and Sherlock had been his best hyper active self, eyes gleaming and hands drawing huge circles in the air. Tonight he had assured John, the net was closing in and they were on the man’s trail. John hoped deeply this would be over soon, the murderer captured and locked away.
The men and women in black was turning the limp Peter over, securing his hands on his back with quick, efficient moves and pulling a black bag over his head. As they moved John caught glimpses of well polished weapons beneath their jackets. He looked at the black bag and suddenly his head started to ache again, he remembered how it felt to have a bag like that over your head. How the coarse fabric chaffed at you and made it difficult to breath.
Sherlock approached the door and turned the handle carefully, it was open. He slid inside and closed the door behind him; it glided shut almost soundlessly on well oiled hinges.
The old man took in the edge in Sherlock’s voice and seemed to decide that cooperating with the police was in his own best interest. He reached for his notebook and turned it back one page.
The doors around were just resident houses; it seemed unlikely that the man would have entered any of them. Sherlock suddenly heard a car engine, the humming sound piercing through the noise of rain and slate patting down on his head. He took the last steps up to the intersection in a few giant leaps, hearth pounding loud in his chest.
“I don’t have time for this, the killer is a medical man of some sort, possibly an army doctor, now retired from service, and he might have gone to school with John or served with him. He lives in the delusion that John and several others let him down, so search old service records of any reported conflicts and most important contact the patrol you have outside our place. Tell them not to take their eyes of John.” Lestrade uttered some well chosen oats as Sherlock escaped his hold and promptly ran away.
“What day did it close?” The intensity almost scared him, when Sherlock got like this, so wrapped up in a case, the usual polish he deigned to use disappeared and you were left with a being of pure energy.
As he reached floor number six the staircase ended. Sherlock stopped; according to the plans he had seen there should be a door here leading to the final stairs. In front of him was nothing, a blank wall, white painted and plain. Sherlock would not despair, would not give up. He would find John, there were no other options. Sherlock could be relentless, it was one of the reasons why he was so good at what he did.
, they had paid his gambling debts and in return only requested his loyalty. He had moved things between countries for them, among other jobs. None of this was written down but Sherlock had puzzled it together from the other information, the silence in-between.
“I saved your life, had I not convinced them to send you home they would have had you for life in prison for what you did,” He prepared to go for his gun, surely now he had doomed them both, John cast a glance at Sherlock on the floor, he moved, still alive; good.
Sherlock kept a steady grip on the gun he had badgered Lestrade into “loaning” him. It was heavier than it looked and the steel felt ice cold in his grip. Behind him three police officers were standing in line and like him waiting for a signal which would tell them it was time to charge the apartment building in front of them.
The abandoned countryside yard from earlier, filled with wilting greenery and crumbled red brick walls, was gone and in its place milled at least fifty metropolitan police officers all crisp uniforms and brisk steps. There was even a helicopter hovering above them, its rotor blades spinning so fast that the officers had to shout to make their voices carry over the ruckus. The blinking lights from the police vehicles showered everything in a flickering blue blanket.
“Good night Sherlock,” John turned around and walked slowly up the stairs even though his head was telling him to run away, and run away fast.
He was consciously trying to relax, force his shoulders to fall down in place, but as soon as he stopped thinking about it they tensed up by themselves. He rubbed a hand across neck; it felt sore, not enough rest.
The kiss was careful at start, lips hardly touching and just the tips of their tongues meeting each other. Sherlock could feel John’s warm breath against his and he carefully moved closer, lips fully closing over John’s. John met him, step by step deepening the kiss, tongue reaching further; licking deep inside Sherlock’s mouth.
“No of course not,” Sherlock says calmly, like he hadn’t just now been kissing as if the world was ending.
As he put all his attention back to his meal he contemplated a bit bitterly that maybe Sherlock was right, of course. The children would be alright, children are much sturdier than people generally believe. And of course John wasn’t really angry about that, but neither could he put words to what was really troubling him; he couldn’t even untangle it himself. Something had changed for him that night at the club, something he refused to acknowledge. After all, if he ignored it long enough surely it would go away by itself?
“Are you going to pay or am I going to ring the bobby?” The landlord leaned over the counter and threw a towel over his shoulder and scratching the salt-and-pepper stubble on his coarse chin, He stared pointedly at John’s empty wallet.
John is sitting on the edge of his bed, flannel trousers on, because the flat might be old and beautiful but there are things you could wish from the heating. He is turning Mycroft’s package over in his hands wondering if he should open it or not, but eventually curiosity gets the better of him and he rips the brown paper off.
In a fraction of a second Sherlock was over beside him, untying his hands asking how he was, his voice not at all unsteady, a hand clasping John’s shoulder.
“Who? The killer?” John realised Sherlock didn’t mean right beside them but he couldn’t help looking around him, this was one nasty chap they were after.
Sherlock let go of the umbrella, which once discarded rolled onto the floor where it lay abandoned, and just turned the towel over in his hands, “Am I not normal then?”
Sherlock stopped in his track, turned and kicked the umbrella so hard he almost spun around on his heel, cloak flaring behind him. He was angry, angry the man had gotten away, angry that he had lost the trail. He rubbed his hands over his face in exasperation, the heels of his palms digging into his eyes. Now they knew somebody was on their trail. Nothing was going the way it should, he was still one step behind and while he was failing John’s life was in danger. He threw his arms out and screamed at the sky in pure frustration. Over on his left a dog answered, barking with him at the overcast heavens.
“It was very personal to me,” was all Sherlock answered and then he turned his back on her as if she had stopped existing, and for him, she probably had.
A honking horn woke him up. The light had turned and he was still standing in the middle of the zebra crossing. He ran up the curb as angry motorists revved their engines. His pulse was racing and he could hear his heart pounding in his ears.
They were standing on a street, closed for traffic at the moment, overlooking the building next to the one in front of them as Lestrade’s men emptied it of its occupants; he was taking no chances he had explained. The building which they had traced the black Mercedes to, by using the city’s CCTV net was empty. It was being renovated and all the tenants had been relocated.
Inside is a grey sweater, knitted, with a collar and brown leather buttons down the front, not all the way down though. It is beautiful, John concludes, it makes him think of sailors of old and going to America by steam powered boats filled with hope about a better future. It is also horridly expensive looking. It doesn’t even have a brand name on it, only a distinctive handmade tag telling you the size and that under no circumstances should you attempt to wash it yourself.
John started up again looking at the pennies lying in the drying blood. “I am guessing you got religious from these?”
Sherlock’s eyes had been burning with passion and so when John saw this he just had to buy it, even though it was a lot more money than any sane, poor person should spend on a gift to a friend. Perhaps it also has this; I have really thought a bit too much on what I should buy you, quality to it. John ignores that bit though.
“We can do this all day or you just let me in on this, saving us both time and effort,” John set his jaw; he would not be bullied out of this.
“This drained the body of blood thereby killing him. It would have taken a minute, less perhaps. He obviously died here judging from all the blood. It could have been a suicide,” The last he added hesitantly, voice lower towards the end, making it not a question and rather a lapsed thought. Wish more than belief, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock shuddered, and rested his forehead on John’s chest. John could feel him nod, feel more than hear the words mouthed on his flesh, “yes, yes, yes.”
A lingering flash of panic made him dizzy and for a moment he thought he would throw up, he had to rest a hand against the slick stone wall at the corner.
The landlord dropped the bill in front of him and went over to the table with the rowdy teenagers. John had to try three times before he managed to get his wallet out of his pocket; he had to lean his elbow on the counter to be able to fish it out of his trousers without falling off the barstool. The small triumph at his success was soon replaced with befuddlement as he opened the wallet and realized that it was empty. Not even a single pound. He fiddled with the small compartments trying to find his credit card until he remember that the manager in the pub before this had cut it up in front of him.
What should have tasted of rich Indian spices reminiscent of a warm and sunny country, vibrant colours and the sounds of elephants turned to ashes in John’s mouth, it was all he could do to swallow it.
“I’m sorry, I have never seen that man before,” John said, not aware of Sherlock’s intense scrutiny. His mind was miles away wondering what was going on, why Lestrade had found that on the corpse and most of all why it was a Christmas label.
He stopped on the street for a moment, looking at the garishly decorated corner store window, a green and blue blinking snowman was smiling next to a pink, plastic Christmas tree with silver baubles and tinsel. A newspaper stand outside was showing off the latest headline, ‘Mysterious death. Police still clueless!’
John looked on for a moment as she was dragged away, all the time struggling and screaming obscenities and threats after Sherlock. John turned away, he had seen enough.
The knife killer had been promptly dealt with after Sherlock had deducted just where he would go next from something the rest of them had been unable to understand.
“Yes, clearly,” Sherlock nodded, dark curls falling into his eyes and brushed aside again, “Silver for a traitor, like the bag of silver Judas Iscariot got for betraying Jesus,” Sherlock pulled one of the pennies free with tiny tweezers, a layer of coagulated blood still stuck to it.
“What do you mean?” He supposed the slight trembling in his voice could be contributed to a mass of reasons; it could be neurological for instance. He should order an electromyogram to
He pulled at John’s shirt pushing his hand under, feeling the scars and muscles as John’s body bucked under his touch. He pressed the palm of his hand flat against John’s stomach, feeling the heat between his fingers. Sherlock wanted more, a need deep in his bones. He returned to John’s mouth exploring it deeply as his hands stroked everywhere they could get, he wanted to know every inch of him; feeling gently along ribs and heated skin.
Sherlock did not answer but walked out the room not looking back. He took the main door out of the building, no use hiding now. Outside dawn was on its way and inside the Star Bucks opposite the street sleepy teenagers was pulling muffins out of the oven in expectance of the morning rush.
“There seem to be something wrong with you my friend, but I cannot place it.” Sherlock put a finger under John’s chin and tilted his head slightly upwards. “I believe your pupils are dilated. I would have said tetrahydrocannabinol if it wasn’t for the fact that you smell of soap and not marijuana.”
He focused on his latest blog post but the words just wouldn’t come. Instead he caught his eyes constantly drifting away from the flickering screen as his concentration faded in and out.
“Don’t let the crazy psycho killer spot you, easy for you to say,” John muttered to himself as he started towards the stair but it got drowned out in an ear deafening roar as hundreds of people shouted in approval to something the DJ had said over the speakers. The frenzy reached new heights as people threw their arms up in the air and the beat started up even more intense than before. He managed to escape the dance floor just in time; one more second and he might have been lost in the delirium of the crowd forever.
John’s calm presence had become something he could count on; a friend –his friend. He would not let other feelings take over, he would not scare John away because he needed him. It itched to have to admit that he, Sherlock Holmes, would need someone when he had spent so long pretending the opposite; but he did need him. He was through pretending otherwise. He would protect John; keep him safe. Even from himself.
“Of course,” John answered. Streams of water making infinite patterns on the window, ever connecting and separating. Who knew where they would go next?
“I’ve got no tea if that’s what you want,” The man mumbled grumpily at Sherlock’s back as he took his seat by the table.
“That makes two of us,” Sherlock said meeting her gaze evenly, her grey eyes were steady as ice and he decided that she was most likely older than she looked.
Soon clues and intrigues were spinning their sweet web in his head, excitement coursing through his body.
John’s knees were trying to give in and he had to steady himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. His breathing was coming heavily and he gave up trying to be quiet as his body, so desperate for attention willingly followed where Sherlock led.
“The air hurts your membranes and dehydration is always a palpable risk. It was real though, the truest thing I ever saw. As I said, they tried to stop us, getting us away; they didn’t want us to mess with this. Because this was their history, not ours.”
As Sherlock talked, face animate and gesturing as much as his ribs would allow John sat still, spinning his empty cup in his hands. At intervals their eyes would meet and John thought he saw Sherlock holding back a smile.
Sherlock didn’t even deign that with an answer and just hung up the phone as the car approached the last corner intersecting Baker Street. He was almost there. He was out of the cab before it had stopped properly throwing a fistful of money to the cabby not even bothering to count them and ran towards the flat shoving the mailman out of the way as he came up to the door.
“... closed for renovations, it has been so for the last week, how can you not know that? It is all over the news and the traffic is unbearable because of it,” Lestrade replied.
He turned around, determined to slowly and steadily walk out the way he had come. Someone was walking straight towards him, his mind had time to register the threat and dismiss it in the blink of an eye. This man was someone else, slim and obviously drunk, holding on to the wall as he walked. He was wearing nothing on his upper body and big chains circling narrow hips, the other hand trying to wipe away a strand of long black hair. Or, John thought confused, he was waiving the military sign for take cover, but surely that was his own mind playing tricks on him?
“I could kill for a cup of tea,” John said, voice still a bit rough at the edges and Sherlock leaped at the opportunity to be of use. He made a pot, after he managed to find the tea bags and some milk. John put everything in the strangest places. It would make sense to just keep bags, cups, pot and milk in one place, that way it would be more efficient. Now he had to go through all the cabinets to assemble the ingredients.
He pads down into the sitting room half an hour later, shame and sweat washed away in a cool shower. His hair is wet and he might have been shivering a bit, the shower perhaps turned colder than it had to. He is wearing his new pullover at least, collar turned up and all of the buttons buttoned.
It wasn’t even as if he was very invested in the case, it was strange but he wasn’t. After all, really, it had to be a joke or something, he was just a normal bloke. Normal people, people like him, didn’t have enemies. Extraordinary, special people had enemies, people like Sherlock. He was just John Watson and he had a sneaking suspicion that he had just been walking around waiting for someone to say, “Surprise!”
He often tried to leave. He made plans to go running or see a film or just walk aimlessly around London, but every time he had made up his mind his body refused to move, his limbs grew weak and his back became glued to his chair and he found countless reasons for why this was a bad time to do this or that. This sitting room was his world and denial his air. He would die if he left and perish if he stayed.
“What do you think, kidnapping an army man. That he would play nice and come with you?” Sherlock pushed, seeing where it would take them.
The man cringed, “Well people do all kinds of things nowadays, it could have been one of those bachelor things you hear about,” he said, growing quieter by the word. Sherlock didn’t condescend himself to answer.
“Why, what do you mean?” John was intrigued, what did he mean by that? Surely Sherlock, if anyone, didn’t want somebody looking after him?
“I thought you said you hated Christmas?” John says, carefully wondering if this is a mine field he is treading without even knowing it.
“Mr Holmes, good work indeed,” said a woman in a tailored jacket who entered last, she stopped next to them. Her dark hair neatly fashioned into a bob moving slightly as she took in the squalid room.
“Just try to keep focused; Lestrade needs you for the case Sherlock. What good would you do, out with a cold?”
“Enough of this,” Sara said and made a move as if swatting a fly, “His name is Peter Middleton and he is the one you are looking for.”
When he enters the chaotic mess that is their sitting room, Sherlock is lying outstretched on the short sofa, coat still on and a thin dusting of white snow in his hair; slowly melting. John puts the second cup down in front of Sherlock and sits down in his customary worn but comfortable armchair; opening a newspaper.
“Ex army man with post traumatic stress disorder,” She replied. Sherlock in general didn’t believe in taking the law in your own hands, he brought them to justice and justice did what it did best, but in that moment he would gladly have strangled her himself.
He rounded the bar and almost tripped over a couple in deep embrace leaning back against the wall. He made a hushed apology that they utterly ignored. He supposed he should text Sherlock but the odds that he would notice in this place were next to zero and he didn’t want the man to get away. Who knew, maybe this was the place he had planned to take his next victim. John was high on adrenalin and the excitement that he preferred to pretend he did not need was pumping through him.
John realizes that by now he has probably passed the limit on observing and gone straight into creepy staring. He doesn’t look away though; he has few opportunities like this. Most of the time Sherlock catches him looking immediately, meeting John’s eyes with an unspoken question shown by a raised eyebrow. John always stops and turns away to hide the blush that more often than not unbidden creeps up on him.
John tried to keep his face blank but he found himself breaking eye contact with his friend quickly, hiding it by checking his watch. What was Lestrade aiming at?
Sherlock continued, “After I concluded that Sara, whose real name is Brenda Laurence, had us under surveillance I contacted Mycroft who in his turn contacted Lestrade.”
He was sweating cold now but he refused to give up. He should phone Sherlock though he realised, he could use the help and he wasn’t stupid after all. He pulled out his phone.
John tried to shout and move but his hands were stuck behind his back, a warm, wet feeling on his palms as the handcuffs tore and broke his skin when he struggled. Worst of all, he could not see. They couldn’t do this, he thought mind reeling, you can’t abduct people in broad daylight in the middle of London. Someone must have seen them, anyone.
“6 days, take the tide at that point, it was a new moon moving at... The distance is 3,1415 miles and the river flows at a speed of... Christmas is on the 25...” his fingers flew over the screen, Lestrade just leaned back and waited.
John laughed then, a contagious laugh of happiness that rippled through his entire body. Some of the tension he had not known he had been carrying started to unravel and fall away and replacing it was something else, something new. What it was only time could tell.
He stood in a library of the old kind, oak panels darkened by age on the walls, a cluster of leather back chairs in front of a fireplace and a thick oriental rug on the floor. Tall floor to ceiling bookcases stacked with leather bound books filled most of the walls. Across the room a massive teak desk stood alone, reigning over the room. A halo of grey light was spilling over the surface from a large window overlooking an empty courtyard. A high back chair, turned the other way accompanied it.
“Although, these are modern pennies which don’t contain any silver, still, the gesture seems clear,” He put the coin in a small bag and handed it over to Lestrade.
“Well that does sound worrying indeed Mrs Smith, you better tell me from the start.” The thin, gray-haired woman for a second forgot to look miserable at John and started on a rambling tale that he knew from experience, as her doctor, would offer him no new insights into her condition. He nodded at what seemed like reasonable intervals and let his mind drift. Mrs Smith suffered from chronic bronchitis and was just in for her monthly check-up, but he had learned that the appointment would go that much faster if he just let her talk first.
“Yes and I might have made a New Year’s Eve promise that if things had not passed by now then well...” Sherlock smiles at him, “...I know I am a bit early here but I sincerely hope you do not mind?”
“It is a man; he is most likely a social recluse although he is possibly religious, member of a church or has been recently. He prefers his left hand and is well built, quite probably a former athlete of some sort and he could have been through some sort of medical training.” When none of them replied, Sherlock shook his head and mumbled some well-chosen words his mother would pale at if she heard.
He sat up carefully and met Sherlock’s eyes across the dark room. The detective stood looking at him from the dark rectangle of the doorway, still as a statue, one hand on the door post as if holding on. He had his greatcoat on and a brown paper package tucked under his arm. He looked like he hadn’t slept at all, dark circles under his eyes making him look even more gaunt than usual.
The room was a small office type kitchenette, a kettle and a microwave on a counter. A note to clean up after yourself, and not much else. Keeping his gloves on to avoid fingerprints, he moved with caution to the door, laying one ear to the cool wood listening before opening it. It was dead quiet.
He might have moaned, but he wasn’t sure, as Sherlock pressed him further into the wall, hips grinding towards his, hands travelling down stroking over his hips, pulling him towards him. Lips and tongue never stopping, hot breath meeting his.
John was eating. Sherlock was not. He had waived aside John’s question about food, as per usual when his mind was occupied with a case. He had been silent all the way here, ignoring John’s questions and attempts at small talk, walking without paying attention to the weekend crowd milling about around them.
John’s brain took this opportunity to return from its extended holiday. What was going on? He looked as Sherlock straightened up, turning his gaze back to John, he could see his lips, slightly puffy and still wet and suddenly he forgot what he had meant to say.
“You can’t, you can’t just give away, eh, sex and assume I...” and he falters because he kind of suspects that maybe he has not been as underhanded about this whole pining business as he had thought.
John had blood in his hair and a crust of dried red covered half his face, the rest of his hair hung in limp strands almost hiding his eyes which looked dead tired.
John looked over the brim of his mug as the other man paced back and forth, each step exactly and perfectly measured. He was mumbling to himself, repeating the facts over and over hoping to discover the connection that in the end would lead them to the killer.
,” Sherlock continued. “Their reaction was to try and enlist me in their cause. They did not want the police to get hold of Peter Middleton, he knew too much about their operations,” Sherlock stood looking out over the table as he spoke.
As they approached Lestrade and Mycroft so was Sara, hands shackled behind her. She was looking less proper, hair dishevelled and teeth clenched as if she was chewing gravel.
Denying themselves this might work but he was sure it would leave them bitter in the end. He rather they burned now in the open than glowed weakly in the dark until even that ember was extinguished for lack of nourishment in years to come. Someone like Sherlock was just not suited to burning slowly, the roaring fire always inside him needed outlets otherwise he turned it in on himself; he wore self destructiveness like a second skin and John at long last got it.
Seventeen heavy footed steps tripped quickly up the stairs before John Watson stood panting in the doorway of 221B. Sherlock barely glanced up from his laptop at his former flat mate, knowing John would explain his panicked presence on his own.
Sherlock could feel that he was shaking now, and the burning in his eyes was too much to hold back. They were both so
safe. I know I’ve been angry with you for not telling me you were alive, but I understand why you had to do it. It’s going to take me quite some time to completely heal from that. Now that you know how I feel, think again about how I felt after you jumped.”
He would never forget the feeling of John’s arms around him, of being led around the flat in a near perfect waltz. He would never forget the way John had looked at him when he dipped Sherlock back, or the way it felt to have John clutch at him almost desperately as he had dipped the doctor back. He would always remember that John, dear oblivious, frustratingly beautiful John had forgotten about Mary as Sherlock looked down into his eyes.
Giving Sherlock an incredulous look, John stood to make tea. John always made tea in a crisis. Along with his truly ghastly jumpers, it was his most endearing quality, Sherlock thought.
John looked utterly confused, and Sherlock sighed. “Ok, let me lead so I can show you. You’re doing the same exact steps, just reversed. You’ll step back with your right as I lead with my left.”
you be?” John said, taken aback at Sherlock’s claim. He never thought that Sherlock was ashamed of his sexuality. He always assumed that Sherlock was still married to his work, as he stated before, and didn’t really care for relationships.
“Right, that’s definitely it. Couldn’t possibly have anything to do with you kissing me the other night.”
John took a deep breath before turning toward his chair. His chair that was no longer across from Sherlock’s. Sherlock had lugged the red arm chair up the stairs into John’s room – the spare room – the day after the kiss. He just couldn’t stand to see the reminder of what he had lost every single day, staring back at him as he settled into his own dilapidated leather chair.
John had turned to stare out the window, Sherlock still standing beside the door, his arms crossed protectively across his chest. He would not feel guilty about this. John had no right to be upset about Sherlock moving his chair when John had left first.
Sherlock’s eyes finally met John’s, and he knew it was a mistake. He should have pulled away immediately, separated them, and ignored the elephant in the room (the figurative one, this time). There was a distinct longing in the doctor’s eyes, and Sherlock knew that no matter what happened, he would let him. He would let John do whatever he wanted to him, and he felt weak and emotional. He had never let sentiment get to him before John, but it was like there was a crack in his armour, and John had niggled his way in long ago and made a home there, right in Sherlock’s chest, right inside his heart. He felt ill.
Sherlock fiddled with his iPod and speaker and a gentle, solo violin piece began to play. John’s head tilted to the side as he listened, and a small smile spread across his face.
“I’m sorry. I wish I could go back and do things differently and still be able to keep you safe, but I was out of time and viable options. I’ll never regret anything more.”
John had moved out of Baker Street, had moved on completely. There was a copy of a receipt for a lovely, modest engagement ring, and Sherlock felt the bile rise up in his throat. He couldn’t let his brother know, so he locked it all in the vault and pretended he wasn’t dying on the inside.
“Mary can’t know that I don’t know how to waltz! She already thinks I’m a bumbling idiot, no need to prove it to her. You can teach me, and when she sees at the wedding that I know what I’m doing, she’ll be properly impressed.”
John numbly reached for the butter dish to pass to his daughter, only realizing after sticking his thumb in it that he was staring at Sherlock. Bloody hell, so he
“I have no expectations, John; I am simply just being honest. We always said that we would be open and honest with Rosie, and I stuck by that decision. There’s no need to be embarrassed.”
Sherlock leaned forward in his leather armchair and fixed John with a look he couldn’t quite identify. His unique, kaleidoscope eyes were warm, and his smile was small, but honest. “I told Rosie that it didn’t matter if I were gay or straight or whatever else, that I had always loved her daddy, and I always would.”
Moriarty knew, and when he’d planned his next move, he honestly had only needed to threaten John, and Sherlock would have jumped. He adored Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade had saved his life more than once, but if anything had happened to John – well, Sherlock would have jumped anyway.
And he would certainly never forget the kiss. After years of longing, hoping, waiting, severe disappointment and mourning as Sherlock helped plan John’s wedding to someone else, Sherlock finally got his kiss. It was everything he had dreamed and more. He never thought it would happen. Sherlock had never really
John sat down in the armchair across from Sherlock and took his time blowing over his tea before taking a sip, conveniently avoiding Sherlock’s gaze. If Sherlock knew this conversation had been coming, then he clearly had something to say. Perhaps he should let the detective lead.
“Because he looks at you the same way those blokes in the advert looked at each other, and you said they were gay. So does that mean Sherlock is gay too?”
After what felt like hours, John finally gentled the kiss, going back to chaste brushes of lips, like they were kissing in reverse. Sherlock could feel that this was it; this was the end of the fantasy. As John finally pulled his lips away, with their arms still wrapped around each other, his words shattered any hope Sherlock had left.
“Sherlock, I killed someone to save you from poisoning yourself when we’d known each other less than two days. How long do you think?”
Sherlock crossed the sitting room and pulled John close by the collar of his jacket, stealing one more kiss. If this was the last time he would kiss John for a long while, he wanted to have as many kisses to remember as possible.
After shoving the desk back against the window, pushing the coffee table against the sofa, and moving their (his,
After making a few adjustments to the violin piece Sherlock had written for John, he transposed the sheet music onto a new ledger so that it no longer said ‘John’s song’ at the top. It was just called Wedding Waltz now. He prepared an envelope to put the sheet music into after he played it at the reception so that he could gift it to the bride and groom, and he felt as though he couldn’t breathe while writing ‘To Mr. and Mrs. Watson.’
John nearly choked to death on his mouthful of pie, but before he could reprimand Rosie for being rude, Sherlock glanced up, smiled at Rosie and said, “Yes,” before turning his attention back to the case file in front of him.
John made a noise somewhere between a nervous laugh and a gasp and hid his face in his hands. He had suspected, he had
“Ok, ok I think I’ve got it. Try again?” John asked as he rewound the song once more and stepped up to Sherlock. He held out one hand and without hesitation, wrapped the other around Sherlock’s waist. The classic waltz didn’t require one to be pressed up against their partner, as such, but the detective made no move to correct his former flat mate.
, but this was too much. Too open, too raw and exposing. He stayed hidden, too overwhelmed to even look at Sherlock right now. He jumped when he felt warm fingers wrap around his wrists and pull his hands away from his face.
After the kiss, though, John had to know. There was no way Sherlock’s feelings had not been screaming loudly at the doctor, and John had simply apologized and walked away. He had chosen Mary, again, and Sherlock made sure the vault was locked down tight. He had to make sure that every single emotion from that night was gone before he could even fathom attending the wedding, let alone being the best man. He would have simply deleted the memory, but Sherlock never deleted John, and he could not bring himself to delete the only kiss he would ever share with the only person he had ever loved.
“Absolutely not, Sherlock, I draw the line at showing our daughter crime scenes featuring murder victims.”
Sherlock felt the feelings lodged in his throat choke him more as he turned away from the man he loved, suppressing a sob as he covered his mouth to stop the horrible cry of grief that wanted to burst out of his chest.
. I’ve been trying so hard to figure out what it meant that I could just waltz with you for a few hours, and then you look at me and I completely forget my fiancé even exists. And then I was a fucking idiot and I just followed my instincts and I kissed you and that was it. That was the final straw and I
Sherlock felt the door of the vault swinging in the flood waters, useless and gaping open, like his heart. He felt raw and exposed in a way he had never allowed himself to be before, and once again he realized that John had changed him completely.
. Sherlock had kept his feelings from John so that his friend could be happy, could finally marry a woman he loved and be free of Sherlock’s antics, and the whole time, John had been feeling the same way.
John’s!) chairs to sit just in front of the (thankfully unlit) fireplace, they had a fairly decent makeshift dance floor.
), and Sherlock couldn’t do it anymore. He instructed his brother to still keep watching over John, but unless the man was seriously injured or in extreme danger, Sherlock didn’t want to know anymore. It was too much, too painful and there was nothing Sherlock could do but try to move through Moriarty’s web as quickly as he could.
Sherlock could not meet John’s eyes as he wrapped his arms protectively around himself, trying to shield himself from this conversation in any way possible. This wasn’t supposed to happen. John wasn’t supposed to bring it up ever again. It was supposed to be locked away and forgotten about, like John’s chair upstairs. Only, John had noticed that too, hadn’t he?
Sherlock scowled, even though John was right. Yes, he had learned to dance in school, but that’s not why he knew how to waltz nearly twenty years later. “So you would like me to teach you to waltz a week before your wedding. Why me?”
“Well, love, some people aren’t really either gay or straight. There are things in between, and sometimes people just don’t feel that way about anyone of any gender. I – I’m not positive if Sherlock is gay or not,” John explained, “I mean, one time a woman sent him over 57 text messages in a row, so he’s probably not.”
John blinked rapidly, just staring at the spot where his chair used to be, and Sherlock felt the air around them grow tense.
“And now…fuck, Sherlock, now that I know I could have that with you instead, how the hell am I supposed to go back to Mary and just pretend it never happened? How am I supposed to marry the wrong person and be ok with it for the rest of my life?”
stupid. Deduce it! You’ve watched me often enough. Go on; tell me why I kissed you back. Don’t strain yourself, now! Christ, John, I really thought you weren’t as big of an idiot as the rest of the world, but clearly I was wrong. I guess I’ve always been wrong about you.”
“It killed me. But you were so happy, and that’s all I wanted. I couldn’t take that from you, not after all I put you through when I…when I jumped. I know I can be a selfish bastard, but not when it comes to you.”
, and once you were back and I had tried to forgive you, it was already too late. I’ve been telling myself since the day you came back that I had made the right choice because you would never want me the way I wanted you, and I could have that with Mary.
The first brush of warm, slightly chapped lips against his own felt like the sweetest, most innocent thing Sherlock had ever felt. It was gentle, chaste, just a simple meeting of lips. It was perfect.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead, his cheeks flaming with embarrassment once more. There’s nothing like a child’s innocent honesty to land a parent in hot, awkward water. “I’ll bet it had something to do with an advert she saw the other day.”
Sherlock took up his violin and instead of mimicking the horrible screeching noises that were screaming in his head, he played something gentle, sturdy, beautiful – something just like John.
John’s lopsided grin as he zipped up his jacket inspired Sherlock’s own smile. The doctor stood on tip toes to kiss Sherlock one more time before bounding down the seventeen steps leading up to 221B.
John broke every rule Sherlock had, made him feel things no one else ever could. He was not himself with John, and that made Sherlock wonder who he even really was anymore. He didn’t want to be who he was without John, but it was too late.
John had considered that he might not be very straight after all, in hindsight. After losing Mary and experiencing the grief of losing someone he had truly been deeply in love with, he knew what it meant in regards to his feelings for Sherlock. He wasn’t so insecure about his masculinity that he couldn’t admit it, at least to himself. It had made many moments throughout his friendship with Sherlock make that much more sense. And if he considered the possibility that it may not be unrequited, John had nearly slapped himself for his obvious shortsightedness.
That day on the roof had changed it all once more. John was in danger, and so was Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, but honestly that had been overkill on Moriarty’s part. Jim had promised him that he would burn the heart out of Sherlock while John was strapped in a Semtex vest, and the significance of that was not lost on the consulting detective.
Feeling his pulse skittering, John bit his lip and shook his head. “Can’t really say that I can, Sherlock.” Perceptive was far too kind a word for his daughter – manipulative little demon is what she was.
Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that John’s words inspired and stepped back to let his former flatmate in. He watched as the doctor peeled off his wet coat and hung it on the back of the door, and then toed his boots off, which were similarly soaked through. His socks went next, and Sherlock realised that John did not intend for this to be a short visit. He felt a niggling of hope rise in his chest, and shot it down immediately, shoving it into the vault and locking it firmly.
I got out of the shower and took the towel. Dreams are nothing. Reality is everything. I had to remember myself on that. Moriarty was somewhere out there. Some figure who wanted to hurt me and John. It was exciting! I would have to find the clues he'd leave for me! And those he didn't plan to leave. There were unknown dangers to face! I dried my hair and put my clothes on. Back to work. I was ready to begin.
“Thank you for the information”, Sherlock replied and acted as if he wanted to leave again, “I'm sure your room will suit us perfectly, as you must have heard these words so often it must be where you send us. I'm already excited what little secrets I will find there.”
Sherlock looked at John in surprise about this sudden question. It was something... personal, something... he had tried to erase from his mind and had never completely managed to. "I have...", he admitted silently and hoped that it would at least help John to feel not as alone.
“As I said: I'm perfectly fine. I would have never brought us further to Moriarty if I hadn't taken them. They helped me think. I had to focus on the case.”
He was in the middle of the hallway when he heard the footsteps of John behind him and looked at him from the corner of his eyes. He was very aware that this mysterious behavior made him more interesting, especially to John who sought the adventure. A giggle escaped his throat.
“You don't have to act like that, Sherlock. I know you. You are scared. This old ghost returning to make your sunny day a bit shadowier.”
"I'll shoot /him/ this time." John said quietly, his tone defying the swarming feeling of hatred underneath his skin.
Sherlock giggled in a deep tone by thinking of tomorrow and continued with kissing John's neck this time. He loved to feel the soft skin against his lips and madly enjoyed what they were doing. His hand went through John's hair, rougher than before, but still controlled in a way that he wouldn't get hurt. He loved his soldier's hair. The other hand ran over John's muscles above his shirt.
I heard something like a “mmmm! Mm mm!” and followed that. It led me to a door. I tried to open it, but it was locked.
He and John had been in that stall... Sherlock took a deep breath so he wouldn't get lost thinking about that. Then they had heard Moriarty's voice, they had stepped outside, and both of them had seen him. Both of them had seen him die. John had checked the pulse, they had gone outside, had called Lestrade, and when they returned the body was gone. A heap of ash instead.
Sherlock still walked around the room as if he was looking for something. He didn't seem to find it.
The detective winced as the sudden touch interfered with his far off thoughts and gave him a fright. John, of course. “Yes?“, Sherlock replied and tried not to show that he had actually gotten a fright.
The elevator shuddered to a stop and the doors opened onto a hallway. John looked at Sherlock mischievously.
I opened the door and started to look around immediately. If there was a bomb or something (yes, the organisation Moriarty didn't want to kill me, but that didn't mean they wouldn't hurt me or John) I had to find it before we'd get hurt. They surely have put some hints for me, and they also left some they didn't know of. But many things seemed to be just normal. The books on my shelf were all in the same order as before, the pictures on the wall and the armchairs haven't been moved, John sat in one of them, the lamps were just as I had left them and... John? John was back here! Memories came back to my mind, memories of all the great times we had, and each one started with us sitting there... and now he did again. I felt like in one of those flashbacks I had watched over and over again in my mindpalace, but this time it was different. It was real! But it somehow felt surreal too. I was tended to touch him to know I wasn't fantasizing... what was the big deal about it anyway? He would just think about it as part of my method, another freaky quirk of mine. So as I moved on walking through the room, I slightly brushed his shoulder with my hand and wanted to let go and continue as I realized what was different. One of my laptops stood opened on the table. It was still switched of, but I know I hadn't placed it there, so it must have been some of Moriarty's henchmen. Before I let go, I shortly felt John's hand on mine, as he asked in a tone I interpreted as worry: “Sherlock, what's wrong? Have you found something?”
Sherlock's eyes opened wide in surprise of what John was doing, simply... kissing him! It wasn't like this had never happened to him before but... this was the first time that it actually meant something to him. That it overwhelmed him. Took all his thoughts and his breath away.
"We need a room", Sherlock replied, figuring that she didn't care about any of their business. She was tired of this job, simply gave the rooms to the people who wanted them and was glad as soon as they left again.
“John...“, Sherlock said and forced himself to keep those thoughts away. John was safety, John was kind, John was now, the past was in the past.
He held his arms out to balance himself, and gradually left the support of Sherlock's torso behind him. It was like regressing back to his infant years of wobbling around on his chunky legs, trying to stay upright. Not that he can remember that, of course. Sherlock probably could. John managed to stand upright independently, now, all he had to do, was see if he could walk. An ache resided in his thighs, but it didn't threaten his stability. They had regained their confidence in themselves, or at least, they did while he was standing. He stared at the wall and inhaled deeply. The sense of anxiousness brought him back to his first day of army training, the fear and weight of every pair of tall, muscled eyes resting on his short, stocky physique. No.
“You are“, Sherlock replied, but he didn't laugh. He simply smiled and looked at John in pure admiration.
