John stands up, a little unsure of himself so he grips tight to the base of the tree as he follows Sherlock. "Let's do it! " John smiles, following Sherlock's movements, so he doesn't mess up.
Fawnlock may like a celebration though, he loved music and sweets. Did he dance? With those long legs and graceful movements, it would be criminal not to.
John swallowed the last bit of soup and set his mug aside, grinning as Fawnlock spoke of his youth. He tried to imagine a tiny fawn hugging his mother's leg as she baked, but it was so tooth achingly sweet, John had to shake his head.
Even though Fawnlock was older than John by many centuries, there were times when he looked so young, so innocent. Perhaps it was his bright, curious eyes, or the way his lips turned up in a mischievous smile.
Once John was finished, he met Fawnlock at the door, nodded happily and handed him a couple biscuits to nibble on for breakfast. He wanted to keep him well fed, so he healed better. John lead the fae out into the brisk morning breeze of the forest, putting an arm around Fawnlock's waist as he nibbled at the biscuits, walking side by side across the front garden that was covered in a thin layer of frost.
John leaned down till their noses were just barely touching, their breath mingling with every word he spoke.
The fawn smiled at John's words, "Mrs. Hudson told you, I really love sweets. But I like other stuff to, vegetables, fruits, oh, cheese, i don't usually have it but I like it on stuff, like, ah-- one time when I was sick Mrs. Hudson made me a grilled cheese sandwich, and--- ah.." Fawnlock trailed off as he thought, "Soup, yes, soup, noodle soup with, I believe rabbit and vegetables..."
"As you wish." Mycroft leaves the room to get the rest of the things for Sirius, deciding to leave them alone after.
The fawn’s fingers skimmed over the hem of John's jeans, stroking the soft flesh there, swiping speckled fingertips over John's tummy. Fawnlock moved back up to kiss John once more, tongue sweeping into his mate's mouth, despite the fact that he'd mostly likely already mapped out every inch of his love's delightful mouth; the fawn couldn't get enough, tongue stroking around John's mouth like the first time every deep kiss the couple shared.
The rumble vibrated through the fawn’s chest, and he leant to nuzzle at John's jaw, "Neither can I," he murmured softly, ears flicking and tail swishing. "I want to show you the wood when you can actually see things, when everything's full of life," he spoke excitedly, eyes alight with contentment and happiness.
He leaned in and pressed a kiss to the center of the fawn's forehead, then stood up and moved over to the cabinet beneath the sink, pulling out a carton of Eucalyptus and lavender scented bath salts. Fawnlock's ears flicked at John's touch, he scooted closer and his eyes fluttered closed at the kiss to his forehead. He nodded with a soft bleat.
Sherlock nods, "Okay, if you distract her I can grab it." He offers quietly, opening the door slightly to see Harry sitting at the table, the bottle gripped firmly in her hand, he shut the door.
Sherlock's eyes widen as he hears the familiar voice and turns to see the familiar face of his friend, "John?" A smile breaks through his severe pout as he pushes out his chair to stand, paperback falling from his lap as he faces his friend.
"Well then we'll go get it back. And anything else I may have missed. Alright?" He stood up, helping his mate up onto his feet as well. "I'll go get dressed and we can head out? I'll pack us a lunch and we can make a hike out of it. Bring some of those biscuits you love." He teased, kissing Fawnlock's cheek and then stepping out of the nest.
The fawn looked up and his gaze met John's, a small smile quirked at the corner of his Cupid bow lips.
Fawnlock bleated when he found what he was looking for, tail flicking happily as he padded over and climbed back into the nest with John.
John gladly took the offered hand, already knowing he'd be tugged down into their nest. He laughed and went willingly, happy to give up and arm as a captive as he mate cuddled against it.
"/John! Do-Do you know what you just did?/" The young Fae spoke excitedly, slipping into his native tongue in his shock and pure excitement. The fawn bleated softly and nuzzled at his mate's face and neck, snuffling softly and eagerly. He rubbed his cheek against John's, "/You just spoke Fae! John, you spoke my native tongue, all on your own. Our-our bond is so very strong, John!/" The fawn explained excitedly, rubbing his nose against John's, and then over his mate's cheeks and jaw.
As John released his hip, Fawnlock's eyes, which had been closed for quite a while, fluttered open. The Fae tilted his head to gaze at John, the sight of his mate, bobbing his head, taking his aching heat into his wonderful mouth, pulled a groan from the fawn's lips.
The fawn settled himself in John's lap, resting his dark palms on his shoulders. Speckled fingers squeezed gently as Fawnlock bleated softly at John's lips under his chin. A shiver ran up the Fae's spine, the rumbling in his chest growing louder as he leaned into the human. Fawnlock murmured something low in his native language, a hand moving into John's sandy hair. The fawn's eyes fluttered closed as he bleated once more, his tail swishing and his ears twitching.
"You're welcome Sherlock!" John giggles, his tears gone thanks to Sherlock. "Come on! I want to go exploring by the pier!" John doesn't let go of Sherlock's hand and now it's just a sense of comfort for him. He might never let go of Sherlock again.
"Good?" He asked softly, slinking one hand around to pet Fawnlock's curls and ears, soothing him through the aftershocks that shuddered through his lithe body.
"I love your deductions."  John says honestly as they enter the building, he heads toward the lift across the lobby and presses the silver button to go up.  "She just doesn't appreciate your genius."
"I don't know," He takes Sherlock's hand, leading him out of the bathroom. "Something delicious I bet, Mrs. Hudson and Winston are excellent cooks."
The fawn's eyes fluttered closed slightly at the kiss to his cheek, and he bleated softly as John began to rub his back. "Boring, it almost always is, though tonight it was almost unbearable." He sniffed the tea, measuring its sweetness before sipping from the cup, completely trusting the human. He gave a soft hum, the tea was sweet, just the way he liked. Fawnlock's ears and tail twitched, "I'm glad." He leaned over slightly to nuzzle at the human's jaw.
Speckled digits gently wrapped around John's thick arousal, stroking the heated skin with delicate fingertips.
"Hello Greg," Mycroft replies politely, smiling at the rugby player by his locker, heart beating a little faster. He clicks the code to the lock on his locker and then sorts through his things that he does and doesn't need. The ginger teen is desperately trying to not freak out, embarrass himself OR Greg. He swallows hard as he finishes sorting.
John gave a happy hum as fingers moved over his chest, arching into their warmth. The hum turned into a gasp as the fingers closed about his nipples, his dark blue eyes widening as the sensitive flesh harden under the attention.
Mycroft smiles and clicks the phone off, hanging it up on the receiver.  At least Sherlock still says it back.
cozy," he compliment, sincerely wishing he had a place like this growing up. He turns to Greg. "I'd love to see your room." Mycroft is polite as ever, it is one of two of his default settings, the other one being manipulative and controlling.
John sounds so sad and scared, he wishes this would stop. Mummy and Daddy are unfortunately no help.
The fawn pouted, giving a sharp huff. Still he gave John a nod and leaned down to nuzzle his cheek chastely. "I'll be off then, stay warm, John." He kissed his John's cheek before rolling off of him and onto the floor. He sprung up and added more wood to the small fire with a soft huff. John laughed softly at the fawn's rebellious pout, but leaned into the nuzzle and kiss before he scampered off to throw some more tinder into the fire. After Fawnlock dusted off his hands he turned to the human with a slight smile gracing his lips. John pushed up onto his feet and tugged a few leaves out of his hair before walking over to give Fawnlock another kiss and straighten his scarf, tucking it snugly up over his chin.
John is peering through the telescope, admiring how amazing Venus looks at that magnification. "Wow! this is amazing."
"I can build you a nest...anything to make you happy." He smiled at the soft kisses to his knuckles, moving his thumb to rub against the corner of Fawnlock's mouth.
John perked up as Fawnlock returned, moving over to stand next to him beside the fire. "I've been just fine. Your den is very comfortable." He leaned down and poured a bit of tea from the thermos into the cup. He set the cup in Fawnlock's hands and leaned up to kiss his cheek, willing away the cold under his lips. "How was you time at the gate?" He pulled back and smiled at the fawn, setting a hand on his back and rubbing it gently to warm him up.
"John," Fawnlock spoke, ears perked, head tilting slightly. "Can I wash your hair too?" He asked softly, tail stirring the water as the fawn leaned into John more.
"Mousey merely needed time to get over her one sided infatuation. Perhaps seeing you and John will be what she needs to get over it."
He pressed a chaste kiss to John's cheek as he spoke. The young Fae's ears and nose twitching as he considered, "No, but something perhaps similar, once a pair's mated their scents mingle and of course they have their bond, but one of them accepts the other's family symbol depending which has a higher status, or perhaps a better word is a crest. Though not exactly..." The fawn trailed off and stood, moving to rummage through the baskets. Fawnlock bleated softly as he found what he was looking for, "I don't where my choker much, because it's mainly because it's a piece of jewelry that a doe would where. And because of my ruff but it was my mother's."  Fawnlock hummed as he found the small folded cloth banner of his family's crest he'd always had. He padded back over to John, a small smile quirking his lips, "What's the human tradition?" He asked softly.
"I agree, I have a busy schedule with my studies and my extracurricular activities but we should try to do it more often,"  Mycroft adds in, ordering water for himself, being self-conscious of his calorie intake.
Fawnlock cuddled close, arms around John's middle, head tilted away from his mate so he didn't poke at John with his antlers. Fawnlock smiled a bit, humming softly, soon his nose was twitching at the scent of the soup heating in the coals of the fire.
Fawnlock head tilted as he watched John shed his layers of fabric. His eyes roved over the newly exposed skin of John's chest. He quirked a small smile before looking away.
The younger boy smirks, giving a soft chuckle. He moves to John's side, "Barely anyone appreciates real genius these days." He looks to John a smile on his lips, "But you do, John. Thank you."
Sherlock smiles, "Do you want to spend the night at mine? Mycroft said it was alright, he said we could make a bonfire and roast marshmallows!" He explains excitedly.
"Of course it's worth it. All of it's worth it." John was careful not to switch into fae to avoid sounding like a stumbling idiot until he'd practiced more. The hand not stroking the parchment reached back to scratch at the back of Fawnlock's ear, keeping his face close.
"Aye, John, let's go find that treasure!" He laughs before grabbing John's hand before they run off.
Fawnlock pulled his hands from John's grip, only to wrap his arms around his mate's torso, his fingers curling into the thin fabric of John's shirt. The fawn nuzzled against John's shoulder and let his damp nose rub against the junction of John's neck and shoulder, snuffling softly, tail swishing back and forth in contentment.
John nodded with understanding, mindful enough not to draw attention to the fawn's strange use of words. "Alright then...feel free to have a look around, make your at home." He gave another flushed smile and moved into the kitchen to wash his hands and start up a kettle of water for tea. He pulled off his jumpers and set it over the back of a chair, rolling up the sleeves to his flannel button up as he examined the ice box for something to wrestle up for dinner. He decided a pasta with fresh veg would be easy enough even for him, and he set to work chopping the veg and boiling water for the noodles. Once he'd finished the prep, the kettle was whistling, and he poured two mugs of tea, adding a splash of milk and dallop of honey to each. He returned to the sitting room and found the fawn, holding out one of the mugs. "Have some tea? Nothing beats a cup after a long day."
"Mrs. Watson, this is Winston, Winston this is John's mum, Mrs. Watson." Sherlock introduced the two quickly before he pulls a door open for John, climbing in after his friend.
He leans forward to examine the maze with a twinkle in his eyes, "Brilliant." John claps his hands once and leans back to admire their work. He smiles at Sherlock proudly.
Today, It was still early, only a few hours past noon when he headed out into the woods. With a few jam sandwiches wrapped in his pack to nibble at when he got hungry, and a jug of water to drink, he felt more than confident that he could head further than ever, and map out a corner of the forest that he hadn't set foot in yet. The trees were very dense there, large gnarled oaks covered in moss and lichens. The forest felt very old there, and John wondered if it  was untouched by human hands. Garbed in a thick flannel and jumper to combat the slight chill in the air as late fall fell around him, John stalked through the grass, his boots leaving a path of crumpled flora that he could follow back home later in the evening. When he'd been walking for an hour or so, he stopped by a river at the edge of the untouched thicket, perching on a half buried boulder and unwrapping his first butty, licking strawberry jam from his fingertips as he stared at the sparkling water glisten and lap at the riverbank. It was peaceful, and almost enough for him to forget the burning sands of the desert.
John grinned as the fawn spoke French; it really was a lovely language, all grace and finesse compared to the guttural, harsh syllables of the English language. Maybe Fawnlock could teach him more French, and vice versa, he could help out with more English. Really he just wanted any excuse to spend more time with the beautiful, antlered creature. Of course, it would be selfish to expect him to give up precious time just to appease a retired old army doctor's wishes; he had an important job as guardian of the wood. But still, John would appreciate whatever time he did get to spend in the fawn's company. His eating had slowed to a crawl as he watched the other, who obviously was quite pleased with the meal from the adorable noises he was making. John eventually set an elbow on the table and settled his chin in his hand, just watching Fawnlock with such amazement and adoration on his face.
He wrapped an arm around John, squeezing gently. Fawnlock's gaze flitted to the small patches of night sky visible through the canopy of brittle branches arching above their heads. Suddenly there was a flurry if feathers and a Snow White barn owl appeared, the Fae stopped, arm holding his mate as he held out an arm for it to perch.
Fawnlock watched John as he moved about, gathering their dishes, bringing them into the cooking area, then coming back with several other things, intent on helping the fawn once more. The fawn turned towards the human and nodded, "If you wish." he muttered, letting John take his injured arm into his lap. His pale gaze flitted across the human's features, reading things and relaxing at the human's touch. He closed his eyes as John stroked his wrist briefly and reopened them to watch the doctor's ministrations with careful, hyperaware eyes. He gave a soft bleat of pain as his arm was jostled and the human began tending it, "It hurts still, yes, though not nearly as much." He explained softly, settling his free hand on his thigh in a loose fist. The warm flannel soothed the wound slightly, bit still the fawn gave a few soft bleats when the doctor tended a sore spot. The wound hadn't hurt so much before due to his adrenaline rush of the fight, a spar more really,  and now his arm felt achy, tender, and sore. He squeezed his eyes shut summoning his inner guardian to tough it out as he sat straight once more. Fawnlock chewed his lip as he reopened his eyes to see what John was doing.
With the final cry of his name, John felt the spread of liquid warmth fill his hand and spill over his stomach, and it was enough that he followed soon over, moaning and shuddering and calling out to the fawn. The thrusts of his hips became lazy as he milked every tendril of pleasure from their orgasms, the hand on Fawnlock's bum sliding up his back and across his neck to bury into his hair, stroking it gently. Soft moans escaped the Fae's lips as John milked their orgasms together, the Fae arching back into John's hands.
"A bit, yeah. You too, love?" He turned his head to catch the tail end of the kiss on his lips, kissing back as he pushed up to sit and tug his jumper back into place.
"Ah, quite the foreign classic you've got there." Mycroft compliments, having an appreciation for such things. The ginger gets into the passenger seat, clicking his seat belt into place and waits for Greg to start the car. His mind blanks for anything to say as he sits there, smiling nervously.
Fawnlock lifted John's wrist back up towards his face to nuzzle at his lover's palm, cheeks still slightly warm as he smiled softly and pressed a kiss to the worn and calloused skin of John's palm, "Thank you, John, I'm glad you find it arousing." He murmured softly, shifting closer to rub his damp nose along John's jaw, releasing his mate's wrist as his hand went to rub settle over John's heart. The Fae's tail swished in his contentment and his ears flicked as he nuzzled at John's jaw and neck, snuffling softly.
"Wow! It's so pretty!" They continue looking at the pretty rocks and shells and life in the pools for at least another hour when someone John doesn't recognize shows up.
"You're a sweet heart. And I'd love a good swim. We can lay in the sun and get warm afterwards." He smiled and leaned in for another kiss before he picked up his jumper and tugged it on once again.
John smiles they look at Sirius and pets him, he looks at Sherlock confused, but side hugs him back as well.
John smiled over at Fawnlock and pulled out the thermos, then took it over to the fireplace to set it down at the edge of the hearth to heat it up. Rubbing his hands together, he moved back to the nest and settled down, preparing himself to hear whatever melody Fawnlock chose to play.
"They said twenty minutes."  John puts the phone on the receiver and takes Sherlock's hand again.  "Let’s check on our Mystery Plant."
John gently tucked the edges of the thick quilt beneath the border of pillows, listening carefully to Fawnlock's explanation.
Give up his birthright for John? Which might even make him lose these woods that were the only comfort he'd had for so long? Oh John could never ask that of him. That would devastate his mate, he knew it. It seemed they were stuck in a hard place. But John wouldn't want to be there with anyone else.
John nods and goes to the liquor cabinet where a small stash of vodka is. He pulls one of the bottles out and hands it to Sherlock and then another for himself to empty into the sink.
Fawnlock nodded happily and leant forward to press a kiss to John's nose. He pulled away with a bright grin as he rolled away from his mate and jumped up, padding to the shallow book shelves.
"I'm not much of a cook...but I like making things for you. I don't know if there is such a thing as fae recipes, but I'd be happy to try those as well, if you have any favorites."
"These are our pages to fill." He leaned back and laughed softly, cheeks going just a bit pink. "I guess this means I have to show you my baby pictures too. Lord knows my aunt has plenty of albums in the cottage of me and Harry."
After a moment he pulls back, "the boards are inter locking, the set comes with different ways we can set the maze," the boy takes a booklet out of the box and flips through it. "Hmm," he sighs softly before showing John a page, "Think we can do this one?"
"Ah," Mycroft looks up at the sign that informs them of the scheduled show times for the bees and then to the boys who are bouncing with excitement.
"Come on..." John takes Sherlock's hand, feeling nervous. He doesn't know why he is nervous, his sister, of course, will say yes,  because she'll have the room to herself. Thankfully he had Sherlock at his side. Sherlock happily follows John onto the hotel's back patio, where Harry's talking with another girl. Sherlock looks to John and squeezes his hand encouragingly, he didn't really know why John was nervous, he didn't have enough data.
As he looked down at Fawnlock, his face looked absolutely ashen and crestfallen at the idea of being sent away. John would have crumbled. He was a strong man, but losing the love of his life would devastate him beyond repair.
Fawnlock looked over their unfinished nest, tail swishing in slight irritation. It was a mussy, though the smell was delightful, he could admit but still, they hadn't finished yet. The fawn huffed softly as he looked back down at John, settling his dark palms atop John's chest, speckled fingertips brushing his mate's collarbones.
He feels pride warming in his chest, only for it to be smacked down at the realization he will now be pestered by the seven-year-old about the rugby player.
Tongue darting out between his lips rapidly, John quickly forgot about any sort of pillow fighting, instead moving his hands up to tug off the thick scarf and give him more room to suck kisses against his mate's throat. His denims were suddenly growing uncomfortably tight, the slow steady simmer or arousal from rolling around in their nest, now blazing into a raging desire.
He looks to Sherlock and takes his hand, unsure of what to do.  Harry could be really mean when she is like this.
He brushed crumbs from his fingertips as flicked his ears, ignoring his brother's mild irritation and John's look of surprise. Obviously a shared den was part of bonding, as well as the nest they would have built together. He knew how proud of his nest building skills his brother was. This was a chance for him to show off what he'd created together with his mate.
Mummy listens to her son as he efficiently reads to her, carefully reading new words that he does not know, but figures them out quickly.  She is so proud of her boys, both of them are brilliant just like their father.
Mrs. Hudson patted his chest lightly, careful of his wounds, "Now you hush, you don't eat enough, dear," She turned once more to John, "Of course you can have more, I believe I have a special card box with all his favorites. Though I'll admit most of them are most likely sweets," the Fae gave the fawn a slightly scolding look, he glared at her softly in annoyance,  "But at least he'll eat them for sure, he's a bit picky, this one."
Of course he understood what John was saying, but he still felt uneasy with the memories of Mousey swirling through his mind, stirred up from where he'd locked them away.
Mycroft does nothing to hide the smile on his face. He absolutely loved when Sherlock would be so excited like this. Like a regular child, "I'm here Winston, you can start the fire now." Mycroft says as he settles between Sherlock and Winston.The butler nods and adds a bit of lighting fluid to the pile of wood and strikes a match, tossing it into the pit.
"Okay, I suppose, and I can use my glamour to sweep the forest from here." Fawnlock pressed a kiss to John's nose, and let John gently drop him to the nest, the Fae curling up and snuggling into the soft bed.
He doubts Greg will even show him any interest, he is two years his senior... Why would he want anything to do with Mycroft? With a heavy, heartfelt sigh he follows the follows the boys, feeling pathetic.
"That doesn't mean you can't be thanked for it though." John said softly, smiling as Fawnlock gave him a chocolate and honey scented kiss. He was glad the fae seemed to be feeling better once the appropriate first aid had been applied. He'd given John such a fright.
The Fawn's head tilted to the side slightly, watching the material as the human bound his arm. He nodded, staring at the human's fingers as he spoke, "The guardian of the Wood's deemed you so, I've saved you, and will continue to do so as long as you reside in this Wood. It's my territory." He settled his bandaged arm on his knee after examining the wrap. Fawnlock's gaze flickered up to meet with the human's, "John Watson." He said it once, getting used to the sound and feel, the human's language and names differed greatly from the Fae's, "I am the guardian of this ancient Wood." He stated with a flick of his ears.
John looks over at Sherlock once he had settled in and smiles. His bee plushie is quite adorable and very fitting; why didn't Sherlock want him to see it? Oh well, no sense in dwelling on it... John closes his eyes and wills himself to sleep, only for his nightmares to find him.
Mycroft sticks his tongue out at Sherlock and stuffs a fresh marshmallow into his mouth. John giggles and licks the sticky substance from his fingers.
Once his explosion had subsided and Fawnlock managed to reel himself back in, Moosecroft shifted backwards, sweeping his cloak out behind him. His eyes closed in a slow blink and when he reopened them, all he could see was the tiny, squalling little brother their Maman had shown him the day she had brought him into the world. She'd loved that tiny bundle of fur and obnoxious noises, and he' been her absolute favorite. And then she had left so abruptly, and Fawnlock had closed up.
His gaze flicked to John as he thought, after a few moments he spoke, "Fae have glands on our body that secrete our special scent, it's why we rub against things, to mark them as ours and our territory, warding off other Fae. The gland that secretes the strongest and most potent of our scent is under our jaws, there are some along our necks, and our shoulders too. It's the strongest gland's position that causes my kind to nuzzle at each other’s necks and such. It's how we greet, and share how we're feeling, because our scent can change slightly with mood. When I rub and nuzzle against you, I'm... Well, marking you as mine. It's a custom for mates to share and mingle their scents, to signify our belonging to each other." The fawn explained softly, a light blush burning through the soft fur covering his cheeks.
John headed upstairs and quickly washed up in the loo, not bothering to shave in his hurry. He grabbed the first things he found on his wardrobe, pulling on worn jeans and a cardigan over his sleep shirt. Combing his fingers through his hair to tame what cowlicks he could, then headed back downstairs to rejoin his mate. Fawnlock was in his 'intense thinking' pose, which worried John a bit, he surely was very concerned about his violin being left behind.
"Good bye mummy." Mycroft kisses her cheek and accepts one from her as well.  Afterward, he takes Sherlock's hand and leads him out the door to where Winston is waiting by the limo for them.
John moved closer to Fawnlock, so the album was shared between their laps, and nodded slowly. He knew what it was like to lose your mother and father. And his own relationship was strained with his sibling. But he didn't wish that same sort of pain of the person he loved so much. John nuzzled back at the fawn, pushing a surge of love through the bond to fizzle away the sadness.
Sensing this was something serious, John shifted back off of Fawnlock, sitting back on his knees instead. As he listened, John touched his fingers to his bottom lip, tapping out a mindless pattern against his mouth.
Sherlock looks over his friend, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. Suddenly he reaches over and hugs John fiercely, "It'll be okay, John. I'll go lock the door okay?"
"I promise. I'll always be your friend and try to not get mad at you as long as you're my friend and you never change."
He didn't miss how the fawn often dipped into his native tongue, and once this all settled, he'd have the fawn start teaching it to him. John knew Latin, Scottish and Farsi, he picked up on languages fairly well.
When the owl rustled above, John stopped beside his mate, but did not move away, knowing he was more than safe in the arch of the fae's arm.  His blue eyes glittered darkly in the night, and he squeezed at Fawnlock's hip when he recognized the bird as a great snowy owl, watching it drop onto the fawn's outstretched arm. Excitement bubbled up inside of him, making John feel giddy with wonder. This entire world was new and amazing to him, making him feel so much younger than he was. Love and magic would do that to you. John chuckled and turned to kiss the fawn's shoulder.
The fawn turned his head slightly to look at the glowing footprints he left behind with a fond glimmer in his eyes, though the footprints he left would stop glowing as he left the gate cite of Moosecroft's realm, so many memories from his childhood here. The young Fae slowly made his way through the forest, the raptors silently watching and leading him from above, though he needn't a reminder of how to get to where he was going, he'd never forget how to get to his childhood den, now only occupied by Moosecroft and his most trusted advisors and raptors.
"Mycroft you are brilliant, unique, and you're the most handsome guy I've ever met..." He blushes, "None of my past relationships have really worked out. And I've had trouble, but I really haven't felt this way about another person, let alone another bloke... And I
A soft rumble started low in the fae’s chest as he spoke, "We don't need a ceremony, it's not traditional or anything," he huffed softly, ears flicking, "There's my brother's blessing, it might've been more of a ceremony if more on my family was still in our realm.”
John smiles and kisses Sherlock on the cheek, hugging him tightly. "And neither will I let anyone pick on you." Sherlock smiles brilliantly into John's shoulder, squeezing back even harder.
John went to the kitchen and poured a large glass of water and collected some of the chocolate biscuits Fawnlock had taken to, bringing them over to the edge of the nest where he could nibble and drink as he pleased without having to get up. John reached for the scarf laying at the edge of the nest as well, bringing it up to wind about Fawnlock's neck, planting a chaste kiss on his lips.
The rumble sounded in the fae’s chest as he cuddled close and flip past the next few pages, (he'd let John look through the whole thing himself later) speckled fingertips tracing over the forms of his mother and father, the last set of portraits done of them before they both passed.
"Make sure you two wash up " Mycroft calls from outside Sherlock's door and then heads to his own room to clean up.
Sherlock sighs a pushes back from his cluttered desk, leaving the experiment to go dig out his homework from his bag.
Sherlock nods, helping steady his friend "It's fantastic, a nice view to look at while I think." He smiles. His eyes sweep over the view with a fond curve to his smile. He squeezes John's hand, that he's still holding.
Detective Baynes walked away from John, turning his back slightly before facing him again. “The evidence we have is minimal, but one piece of evidence was key considering your close relationship with Carberry.” Detective Baynes clasped both hands behind his back as he proceeded to explain some nefarious plan, all the while John watched him closely.
Mycroft paused as he sat up straight in his chair. He sighed as he crossed his legs, pursing his lips.
John nodded once more, taking his time letting Sherlock go before shuffling on the bed to lie down, fully clothed, being too tired to even undress. He closed his eyes as he felt Sherlock lie down next to him, feeling Sherlock pull him close to his body before quickly yielding to sleep.
“Sherly!” Mycroft called again. He looked down the length of the side walkway leading from the back of the house to the front to ensure that no one had heard Sherlock breaking into the house.
John nodded back before reaching over to give Sherlock a hug. He felt Sherlock settle into his embrace, rubbing his back as John felt his eyes water a little from the stress.
“Lestrade!” Sherlock barged into Lestrade’s office, “what is going on? Why is Watson under arrest for murder?”
“Watson,” Sherlock shook his head as if John’s comment trigged something, “do you remember any other details about the day you were arrested?”
Sherlock settled into the rocking motion brought on by the hansom. “Yes, you’re out of Westgate,” he leaned forward, “how long until the estate?” He asked the driver.
“Holmes!” Lestrade shouted, his frustration seething, “I’m going to have to put you in a cell if you don’t remain calm!”
John slouched in the chair facing the fireplace as he watched Sherlock pacing back and forth in front of him, limping from his injury brought on by the falling rubble. Out of the corner of his eye John could see Gladstone sleeping off to the side, seemingly unbothered by having attacked a few men that night to protect his owners.
“Wonderful!” Mycroft clapped his hands together as he then motioned for John to follow him to the dining room.
As he listened to the men below, John was now struggling to keep Gladstone quiet. He could tell that Gladstone was becoming anxious from being muzzled for so long which wasn’t typical. John could also tell that Gladstone had sensed that something in the atmosphere had shifted greatly ever since Henry had perished in the vats.
A quieted hush spread throughout the auditorium as Sherlock proceeded to challenge Moriarty’s findings. However, the academic, armed with his practiced patience for these sorts of barbs typical at symposia, stood still as he watched Sherlock closely.
Whitehall raised one eyebrow as he leaned backward in his chair, chuckling to himself. “Forgive me, but that’s not terribly distinctive, Dr. Moriarty.”
The comment made Whitehall stop sipping from his glass. He slowly placed the glass back down on the table before looking directly at Moriarty.
“Mr. McArthur,” Sherlock accepted a firm handshake from Mr. McArthur who had walked down the front stairs toward the hansom, “it’s quite the pleasure to finally meet you in person.”
Mycroft smiled as he joined Sherlock at the cell bars. “Dr. Watson, enjoying your lodgings?” He sneered.
But before Sherlock could answer, Madame Loire swore in French loudly before letting out a shrill and then fainting to the floor.
"How do you feel this morning, love?" John finally asked, turning his face to nuzzle at the crook of Fawnlock's neck and shoulder.
He huffed at John's question, "No... Not the owls, those are Mrs. Hudson's. My brother's birds don't make me nervous, just weary. There've been more around as of the past few days. It means my brother may be thinking of visiting my wood." He gave an irritated snort at the end of the sentence, as if that were the worst thing that could happen. He leant into the human's hand more, as if urging John to continue running his fingers through the fawn's hair, maybe even stroke his ears if he wanted.
Mycroft looks down at Sherlock with a smile, his hand still digging around for his mechanical pencil in the bottom on his bag. "Calculus, want to try one of the problems when you've finished your maths? It is quite simple really." Mycroft has no doubts that Sherlock would be able to do the calculus problems he is studying. Hell, the only reason why he is doing it is that it is part of the final grade, doing the study packet.
"I love you too, John, with all my heart, you-" he whimpered softly, "you are my mate, and I want to stay with you, only you, John." Fawnlock nuzzled against John, damp nose pressing to the human's heated skin.
John felt the touch to his arms, tugging his back up straight. He complied, standing to look up at the fawn with a slight flush, nodding to confirm his statement. "I...didn't realize you were royalty. I'm sorry, I didn't realize. I've been a complete berk. I should have...treated you...better." He frowned slightly and dropped his gaze to their feet, staring at the fawn's specifically. They were covered in mud and dry leaves, and right then, he realized he was an idiot. None of that mattered. Where Fawnlock came from, where John came from. He drew his gaze back up and suddenly moved forwards, wrapping his arms about the fawn and drawing him in for a hug. "I'm stupid...I..you...none of it matters. We're friends." He spoke with his nose buried in the fawn's hair, just below the swoop of his ear.
But now that he had a mate, he could show off all he know, and impress John with a cozy nest to cuddle and couple in. Fawnlock climbed off of John, wriggling slightly as he moved out of the nest, holding out a hand to John to take.
Though the fawn seemed rather amused by John, the blond didn't seem as excited about making such an awful racket compared to the fae. The hiking boots were large and clunky, made more for protecting feet than slipping quietly through the woods. He wasn't as svelte and fleet footed as the fawn clinging to his hand. As Fawnlock started humming, John made an effort to be quieter, so he could hear the tune.
"It looks good on you, John. You look regal. All you need is a crown." The young Fae smirked as his tail swished and he pressed a warm kiss to John's stubbly cheek before flitting off.
The corner of the fawn's lips curves as the he gave a small smile, "It shouldn't be much trouble, John." His ears twitched, he moved to curl up slightly on the couch, feet tucked under his bum and his tail flicked. He hummed softly as he took up his tea once more, bringing it close to his face, nose twitching slightly. "It's starting to get colder out, the dark's coming earlier," He said wistfully, he'd always admired the spring more than the other seasons. He turned his head to look at the human, head tilted slightly, "Winter's coming... Your first winter here."
The fawn worried his bottom lips between his teeth, head bowed as he helped spread out a quilt from one of the past layers. He titled his head slightly as he though, courtship was something slightly vague in his mind other that how it started, because of his maman's love stories, but the Fae dug in his mind for what Mycroft had  laid down once the young fawn had reached puberty.
Soon he entered the clearing of his childhood den, he spotted his brother standing, head held high and proud he stood before the entrance to the den, pale gaze lighting haughtily on the fawn as his younger brother approached.
He flashed a smile at Fawnlock, then turned back to pay attention to the trails, wanting to learn the woods as thoroughly as he could. It was his home now, he had no plans on leaving Fawnlock's side. He was family, he was of the same herd.
"It's not a problem at all Mrs. Watson, John's my best friend, it's what I do." Sherlock turns to John and smiles sleepily.
"Isn't this lovely, thank you, and that poor dear, I'm glad you were able to make him relax." she said, ushering him inside. She noticed that Fawnlock's scent was all over John, she allowed herself a soft smile, she lead him into the kitchen.
The Fae smiled softly, John was truly amazing, his dedication to the wood... And after such a short time..
The taller boy looks back up, blinking a bit before flushing slightly, "Just thinking, sometimes I get a bit lost in there." He says, tapping his forehead gently, "uh need any help?" He offers, reaching out a hand.
Both of them had over reacted, yes. But Fawnlock (although with Mrs. Hudson's insistence) had gone to apologize. He had been the bigger person, and faced his mistake. If Mousey couldn't see that, then she was never worth of his affections anyways.
He hadn't had a motherly figure in his life for a long time now, and he was even gladder that Fawnlock had such a sweet woman in his life.
Sherlock chuckles and finishes off his hands before drying them on a towel. After both boys are done, Sherlock leads John into the dining room happily, grabbing his hand.
John tried his best to stifle his laugh at the snort, but an amused giggle managed to slip out, which he flashed an apologetic smile for. His fingers ran through Fawnlock's hair as the fae insisted, coiling curls around his digits and skimming over the edge of the softly furred ear. Though he could have asked more questions about the fawn's brother, he could sense it was an uncomfortable subject and settled instead on calming Fawnlock with his touch. The fae arched into his hand like he enjoyed it, and it was equally relaxing to John. Fingers wove a path up around the base of his antler, then back down across his scalp to the long ear, pausing to rub at the tip before gliding upward again. The rhythmic path lulled him to a comfortable state, snuggled beside the fawn in the soft bed of leaves and quilts.
The Fae gave another nod, leaning in to pepper warm kisses over John's face, over the bridge of his adorable nose, around the ridges if his eyebrows, and brushing across his cheeks.
The elder of the brothers smiled politely at Mrs. Hudson, leaning down and kissing her cheek before accepting a single biscuit to nibble at.
The whole time the headmistress was jabbering on, Sherlock stared out the window, ignoring her completely. When she finishes, she promises Mycroft that the school will take good care of the younger Holmes, at which Sherlock snorts. Mycroft shots him a look as the headmistress rises to escort him to his classroom and Sherlock rises to follow, giving Mycroft a look as they pass. She leads him down halls quickly, Sherlock's eyes darting around taking note of everything, pack straps firmly held in his tiny hands. She stops in front of a classroom, opening the door and clearing her throat loudly, quieting the room of rowdy fifth graders. Sherlock peers around her with pursed lips, gaze narrow, he can't see the whole classroom, but all they kids he sees so far aren't that interesting.
John tugged the fawn closer, draping half of the lanky body across his. This was his home, his family. It wasn't perfect, but it was his, and he'd never want anyone else. He sleepily kissed his mate, fingers lazy as they rubbed at the fae's lower back.
"Here John, hold still a minute." He reaches up, though he's taller than John, and settles the plume in one of the folds of John's hat, "There! Look." He points to a mirror on the wall.
John nearly had a heart attack when the bushes parted and a tall, antlered creature leapt in front of him. He stared, no really, he gaped at the lightly furred creature from the angle in which he stood, which really only gave his a view of the lean back and poof of white tail. Somewhere between a man and a deer, the creature towered over him by nearly half a foot, but was leaner, though not without muscle tone. John felt shock take over his body, stealing the ability to move beyond stumbling backwards and falling onto his backside.
"Harry, Sherlock is staying for dinner so we can study. We'll be in my room."  He closes the door after Sherlock enters and tries to usher him down the hall.
Fawnlock's ears flicked, and his tail swished from side to side, flicking slightly. His bright eyes filled with intrigue, "/Can you switch back? Or do you not know you're doing it?/" He asked softly.
"I'll never let you go either. You don't have to wait anymore. I'm here for you and I'm not ever going to leave your side." He tilted up and nosed against the underside of the fawn's chin, exhausted but more than happy to be that way. It had been for a very good cause after all.
"Alright, why don't we give you a lift then."  Mycroft offers to the boys, looking to Winston who nods in agreement.
Sherlock peers down at the problem Mycroft set up for him, "I can try it by myself." He leans over to start the problem, pencil to paper. After a minute or so, Sherlock sets his pencil down. He looks up to his brother, "How's that?" He asks, giving his brother a little smile.
There was a gorgeous glow to his skin and fur, and his dark curls were even messier than before from where his head had rolled across the pillows. As those dusky fingers dipped low and stroked across the straining fabric of John's pants, the blond moaned as his desire was ramped up again, and Fawnlock's request alone nearly undid him right there.
John set his jaw stubbornly; Fawnlock had already given him a bitter taste in his mouth at the thought of the fae's brother. To abandon him like he had, made the fawn so lonely for so long. It was a horrible thing to have done. He may not understand fae custom, but he was sure you never left family behind like that. Fawnlock had someone to stand up for him now though, and John squeezed his hand reassuringly.
sorry about how this is being updated, but I'm shifting through emails and working on other pieces. Also senior year is a bitch, just stressful, next time i have a break or a snow day I'll be able to work on it more
Sherlock pouts slightly as his friend speaks, "Well, astronauts also need to be proficient in maths and sciences, so not totally not worth it, I'm mean it's space." He explains though he knows how much John hates those two subjects... even though he needs both for being a doctor as well... Sherlock shakes his head and decides he shouldn't bother with such things at least a decade away from them as John starts to drag him to the next exhibit.
"Okay, I'm going to show you, hold my stick," Sherlock grins and hands John his stick before going to the pile of firewood and picking out a nice piece of driftwood. "Okay, watch." He carefully places the wood on top of the fire and watches the flames expectantly. Sherlock grins as the flames around the wood start to turn blue, green, and a few other colors.
"Everyone wants to get on with their life, forget the unpleasantness of the day and relax after a day of hell on earth... Or as adults call it 'school'" the rugby player chuckles softly. Finally spotting a break in the flow, Greg back the car out quickly, earning a few honks from berks who think the world revolves around them. The older teen rolls his eyes as they exit the lot.
Fawnlock watched the human as usual and when it had settled down to eat, he settled into the thicken on the other riverbank, easily concealed and falling into deep thought. His ears twitched as he heard a familiar growl and the snapping of twigs, he broke through his thoughts to peer through the brush, easily spotting the warg ((from the hobbit, it's like a wolf pretty much, I just like the name :3)) crouched low in the shadows on the other riverbank, the Fawn's ears flattened, the riverdeer had been sparse this season, the wargs were crueler with hunger, and still not cooperating with him as he would have liked.
"Oh, look, it's little Johnny and his little boy toy. You know Johnny," she starts, taking a sip from the bottle in her hand, "I'd never woulda thought you'd be a cradle robber!" She slurs.
"Oh! That sounds awesome, we should get out at dusk so we can look for Venus." John exclaims, fingers laced with his best friend's as they swing them while walking to the high school. He is excited about their sleepover. They now occur every single week, it is still amazing that the two were reunited and now they are never apart if it can be helped.
Fawnlock had taken another sip, his ears dropped slightly as he listened, but a happy smile broke over his face, brightening his pale eyes. His tail flicked happily and his ears perked up, he took the book from John's hands and gave a happy bleat, "Thank you, John." He repeated, "I would like to come back, your den is interesting, I haven't been in a human den before," he tilted his head slightly, "At least one that's being lived in." He corrected. His eyes dropped to the flush across the human's cheeks, "You do that a lot," his head tilted more, puzzled slightly. "Why?" He asked, not really understanding, Moosecroft'd never taught him much about humans.
Fawnlock let John do his work, he gave a soft smile at his mate's promise to spoil him, the corners of his lips curling slightly. The fawn winced a bit at John put the bandage on his head, he gave another soft pain filled bleat as sitting up pulled on the wounds to his chest a bit. But he still took the cup of water and pills, he gave a slight nod, sniffing the small capsules before popping them into his mouth. He took a gulp of water and swallowed, his tail thumping the table in displeasure at the taste the pills left behind.
The fawn's ears twitched when John's fingers touched his knee, his gaze went back to the human, though he'd been watching him from the corner of his eye. "Nothing, really, I started out early today to finish Mrs. Hudson's errands before noon. I just have my rounds before the witching hour." The fawn's tail flicked, taking another long sip from his tea before settling it down, and examining the sandwiches. He picked up one and started to munch contently. "And you, John?" He asked after he'd swallowed, ears twitching.
Sherlock raises a brow at his brother, "Of course I do, John's my best friend." He smiles a small smile before turning to stare out the window.
After a few seconds, he looked back to his brother, "So Moosecroft, you've had us both explain what we feel. Anything else?" He asked quietly, fingers flexing slightly against the wooden table before he drew them back to his chest and steepled them, indexes just barely touching his bottom lip.
Anyway i'm going to try super hard to update more frequently until I have no more of the rp to go off of. Also anything contained in // these, is in fae speech, I may or may not go back to the earlier chapters and fix this, but i'm not too sure.))
The breath whooshes from Sherlock as John grips him tightly. Sherlock looks down at John, surprised and shocked. No one ever hugged him, except Mummy and sometimes Mycroft. After a few seconds, Sherlock settles his arms around John in return. He laughs softly, "I'm your best friend?" He smiles, "Thank you, John!"
"Oh..." John recognizes that slang easy enough. "Would that be a bad thing?" He places another piece on the maze, it's coming together nicely.
"It's not your fault. Harry-Harry's just mean!" John lets his hands fall, revealing his reddened eyes, a couple final tears still slipping out, "Thanks, Sherlock." He says sincerely, sniffling.
The fawn bleated softly as the human's thigh slotted between his legs, one of the fawn's hand when to John's unwounded shoulder, gripping lightly. His other hand moved to grip John's hip, the Fae felt as him he'd been set aflame, inside and out, but it was a good burn. A very good burn. The hand on John's shoulder moved into his hair, tugging lightly.
The older teen frowns slightly, though he supposes their classmates may seem a bit stupid and dull. He shrugs gaze flicking to Mycroft momentarily. He says nothing until they are on the road, biting his lip.
The fawn’s mouth latched onto one of John's nipples, tongue circled around the nub for a few seconds before he leant back up to smirk smugly at John, tail swishing still. John’s fingers tightened on Fawnlock's thighs as his mate leaned down, teasing a path downwards with his mouth until those perfectly shaped lips sealed around a nipple and wet it with a flick of a tongue.
"Alright," John says. Sherlock follows him to the front door and watches him put on his coat and check his pocket for his keys. "Thai for dinner?"
They gave him the papers from his desk, including the diary he used to write all of his notes in, the calendar he'd hung on his wall (what use would he have for a 2009 calendar in 2010?) and a pair of socks, which he'd apparently left behind. Curiously, it included the handgun he'd been given during his service, shoved in the socks and at the bottom of the box. He didn't get the computer-- which he realised with embarrassment must still have that screenshot of Sherlock saved on it-- his bedroll, that one specific tin mug he drank from every day. A gun, a pair of socks, a bunch of paper and a dingy little bedsit. That's what John's life was, after 6 years of studying medicine, 5 years in active service and getting shot in the leg; a bunch of knick-knacks, a flat he hates and 400 pounds a week, most of which goes to his rent.
“No, not really." Sherlock concedes with a crooked smile, "But you have time, you can have tonight.”
actually in a rush, John, no idea what kind of havoc that imbecile Anderson is wreaking on my crime scene. Not a minute to waste. Now, excuse me.”
He is trying not to feel too bad for himself and his new sad, sad life when he stands up, gripping his cane to balance himself. He takes a few steps towards the door, preoccupied with trying to wrestle his wallet out of the pocket of his jacket, and walks right into a solid body. His cane clatters to the ground as he throws his hands up to catch whoever is tumbling in him, and he pulls back at the indignant huff that follows. He looks up and finds himself face to face with painfully familiar curls, blue-green-grey eyes which he has been aching for the last ten months of his recovery but had recently forced himself to forget.
"Your nightmares aren't a problem, Sherlock. She's sleeping through the night, now, far easier. And I have nightmares, too. You've already done so much to accomodate Rosie, and she's happy, here. Last night just made me realise how much I'm missing. I barely go on cases with you anymore, and I don't get to see you every day. And I want to. I didn't even... I didn't know about any of that stuff with Serbia, I didn't know you were having trouble sleeping, more than usual anyway. Mrs Hudson was just sitting outside of your door, listening to you scream. I don't want you to be alone anymore, and I don't want to be alone, either, do you understand?"
“Not much." He tries, "I mean, it was kind of awkward you know? Or a bad link. When it connected, he was just frozen for a couple seconds, not eve blinking or anything. When he started moving again he kind of stumbled over his words a bit but we got through it." He remembered the spots of blush on Sherlock's sharp cheekbones and tried not to blush himself. "We just… talked.”
An image appears, unbidden, in John's mind: Sherlock and John moving in tandem around the bathroom, Rosie's bath toys and her baby powder scattered around the floor, Sherlock brushing his teeth while John changes and tidies. Sherlock kisses John before they swap. They both go to bed, Sherlock's bedroom
It won’t happen again, but John doesn’t say it, because then it’s like admitting something. The nurse just tuts at him and stands up.
gay, but what I am is in love with you." It slips out, and Sherlock makes a choked sound. John smiles grimly, already anticipating Sherlock's next question, "I do. I really do. I love you, Sherlock. I am in love with you." Sherlock nods, silent, and John lets him process it.
"Oh!" She squeals, stepping back, "well let me get a look at you!" John's body immediately stills, part shock part inherent obedience as Mrs Hudson's eyes scan his body. It feels a bit like getting hit on by an old lady and John tries not to blush at the attention. After a long moment, she pulls him silently into a hug. "Oh, John," she says in his ear, as though she's a grandmother who had dearly missed him, instead of a random stranger. Then she steps back and her hand hits his chest again, but this time it's very on purpose and paired with a frown. "Do you have any idea what you have done, John Watson?"
Sherlock's eyes return to the book, but he doesn't read it. John recognises it as a shield, and John feels a flush of affection for Sherlock, who doesn't balk from John confronting him about his drug addiction, but does when talking about
minor warning, includes mention of r@pe. It's just two lines, about Sherlock's past. But if it's not okay for you, you can skip the lines when Mycroft asks 'what do you know about what happened to Sherlock? -ish.
Sherlock goes to sidestep him, but John grabs his elbow, overcome by all the feeling and desperate to delay his departure, just to talk. “Wait.. Sherlock. Are you here for.. lunch?”
Almost as if Sherlock knows-- and wants to avoid-- what John is going to say, he softly commands, “Go to bed now, John.”
a doctor.” The woman, the doctor who'd first assessed him when he was admitted, is sitting across from him and makes a gesture like ‘go on’, and John bites back an angry retort in favour of reciting the definition of psychosomatic as read in his old medical encyclopaedia. “
"I only know you were a soldier, who Sherlock had started talking to at that facility he went to. That you exchanged emails and letters and Skype and that he loves you very much and thinks he has done something to push you away, 'left, like everyone does', he said. He doesn't often break, but when he breaks he shatters, and I had to be there to sweep up the pieces." Her voice has hardened again, but a bit less than before. John nods acknowledgement to her words,
“I know nearly nothing about my brother’s recovery except what he begrudgingly tells me and what the hospital tells me, which is that he does not participate in therapy, nor take his medications and he barely eats his meals."
I know NOTHING about a surgery to fix bullet holes, or whether they use alcohol sterilisation, or anything. I'm pulling this out of my a$$.
"Mrs Hudson, as much as I appreciate the sentiment, today is really not a good day for--" John has closed his eyes somewhere between the fifteenth and seventeenth step and he can
If you've read the previous chapters but don't know what you've read before, I will say chapter 4-- I posted these three chapters in succession, and because it's all saved as drafts the posting date is kind of whack. So if this is your second time clicking on this fic, start from chapter 4. Ta.
John settles in his uncomfortable plastic seat, the seat cushion doing little to help his aching backside. He crosses his arms against his desk and leans in closer to the webcam. Sherlock is looking back at him, wary.
Only when the orderly didn’t share with you! Sherlock, please. It’s dangerous, not just for the kid, for all of the other addicts there recovering. For the orderlies if he has an episode. For YOU. How can you go back to work if you need to stay for longer.
the stereo blaring it. The orderlies are wearing reindeer antlers and it makes John roll his eyes every time.
and it’s such an echo of something Sherlock said months ago, having a very similar conversation, that it makes John’s whole body jolt like it’s been hit by electricity. He realises he hadn’t thought of Sherlock all day. Even when he’d sat down across from his doctor and saw the deep bags under her eyes (tired) and the way her shoes were basically strangling her feet (don’t fit anymore, because she ate a lot during the Christmas break), it had been his own plain voice telling him these things. He had not thought of Sherlock once. He’s unsure if he’s happy about it, about getting some space from the near-constant ache of missing and worrying for Sherlock, or scared; because what does this mean? Does it mean he’s moving on? Will he, in a months time, two, forget about Sherlock completely (his curls, his lips, his blue-green-grey eyes, his impossibly wonderful brain) and as a result lose, frankly, the one thing that has been keeping him going for the past three months?
This is maybe not the best time, I was going to wait but.. Sherlock, could we call? I was thinking we could do a video call like they do on Skype. We recently got a web camera. It looks shit but it’ll work. I thought we could… talk face to face?
"Sherlock never had a phone number, even his Skype thingy was set up with yours, he said. But he's out of rehab now, I know it 'cause I saw his website. You're in contact with Sherlock, or you can be. So I called you, so I could get Sherlock's number off you."
“I think my brother is a complicated, clever, manipulative man who knows how to put on for people to get what he wants.”
"She doesn't want me to try," Harry says, fight leeching out of her quicker than John has ever seen it.
He doesn't let the thought worry him, he just doesn't. He'd tried to email Sherlock a few more times, but was starting to suspect the interference was Mycroft, more than any disinterest from Sherlock. A little niggle of self-doubt told him maybe Sherlock had just gotten bored.
"Your things have been returned to you, I'm sure you're very glad. is there a more ...  particular reason you are calling?"
Sherlock thinks, feeling the eyes of whatever reception lady staring at him. It's his first time asking to use to phone and he and the receptionist didn't always get along. Finally, the phone stops ringing:
No one had helped them, they'd all just scowled or blinked or shouted until the nurses went away (John included). There's some Christmas movie playing on the tv, Santa Claus, John thinks, and someone in the corner laughs as the Santa falls off the roof and into the snow with a dull
"Keep fighting," John promises. "Because I am more than just my job. I have value outside of what I can give others."
"Of course, I'm not leaving, Sherlock. Never again." Sherlock nods, finally letting go of John's waist. John steps away with effort, draining the last of his mug. "Rosie okay to stay here?"
“No, John.” His voice is low but not reprimanding. It's soft. It's almost... endeared. John's own voice softens and he says,
“So what did he look like?" John, trying to avoid this conversation, turns to his duffle and rifles through, pretending to try to find his sleep shirt. "John, you tit. Stop messing about with your bag, come, sit down.”
It was, perhaps, too close an echo of the internal debate he'd had even night since he'd put Sherlock Holmes in the 'bad decisions' box.
Sherlock acquiesces, holding the cup in both palms as he sits in the opposite chair. It's not the one next to him, where Mrs Hudson had sat, and is in fact as far away from John Sherlock can get when asked to 'sit down', but John lets it go. "How long have you been out of New Start?"
“That is… actually fair enough." John says, feeling himself deflate against Sherlock's infallible logic. "Gently next time, then? and only if it’s an invited topic of conversation.”
hard for seemingly no reason, but he takes it as a blessing. He hasn't gotten hard since.. well since Afghanistan, really, and he didn't realise how much release he needed until this very moment.
The book is not real but it's a few great poems, in order: Shakespeare's Sonnet 73, Whoever You Are Holding Me Now in Hand by Walt Whitman (which is very Johnlock), I'm Nobody! Who are You? by the esteemed Emily Dickinson and finally, the eponymous poem O Captain, My Captain! by Walt Whitman.
his brain thinks again, for a singular moment of clarity, then thoughts and words and prayers of thanks and confessions of love all pile on top of one another and John is speechless. "John" Sherlock says eventually, voice perfectly neutral. He walks into the kitchen and John can tell he takes extra care not to touch him as he heads for the kettle, and it takes everything in John not to jump him right now, to hold him to his chest and smell him, absorb him entirely.
“Sit." John, tired, and knowing he will be unable to get out of this conversation sits. No one gossips as much as men in the army barracks, except maybe women at spa's. "Look, mate. You say it’s just a phone call, just a letter, just a guy, but I don’t think I’ve seen anyone smile like that, fuck, since we got to this blasted place. So I’m asking, and you’re telling, what does he look like?”
and Harry's immediate departure. John didn't blame her, not really, and now he sort of wished he'd gone with her. But he'd have to leave his mum to do that and he just couldn't.
“Hey Sher—" John looks up from his paperwork at the familiar 'bleep' of a Skype call being picked up, and nearly chokes on his own spit. "are you wearing a sheet?”
But now John has learned that once again, Sherlock had been coddled, manhandled and manipulated. He'd gone on thinking, Mycroft had let him, go on thinking that John was still in Afghanistan and ignoring him. It lit a fury unlike anything John had ever felt in his ribcage, where his heart should be, but he douses it. He cools the bitter heat in his veins.
the people around him, at appreciating them rather than comparing them to Sherlock. He chats with some of the residents, smiles at the ladies who bring him dinner, and
"No, Sherlock, shut up," John says, because what Sherlock is saying is not beneficial for either of them. "Sit down, shut up." Sherlock's mouth shuts with a heavy 'clack' that makes John worry for his teeth, but he swiftly plops himself back down on his seat.
Sherlock in that Belstaff coat he's always wearing, hair ruffled by London wind, his cheeks flushed with the change in temperature from outside to inside, and there's a sound like shuffling feet and he doesn't have to
“Oh." Sherlock looks down at himself like he wasn't aware. His face looks completely genuine when he shrugs, "yes” like it's a perfectly normal thing to happen and not basically porn come to life.
He holds the hand out in front of him like he had during his appointment, counting up to 63 seconds and again to 43 as it stills, shakes and stills again. 43 seconds of movement he has no control over, no matter how hard he tries. And he does try. Now, he stares at it. His brain sending signals to other parts of his brain
Look, okay, there’s been some… stuff. I can’t explain it okay I don’t have time. I have to go. I don’t know when I’ll be able to email again, I don’t think I will be able to.  I’ll be back soon, though, I think. To base and then we can find a way to talk again. Just
I have no control over how long I am staying here. A cigarette would’ve made things bearable. I could’ve threatened him with something else, something truly personal.
“Alright.” Sherlock gives John a little, sincere smile, and John smiles back, returning to his paperwork.
, Sherlock still wants him here, still wants him... like that, he has a feeling he and Mrs Hudson will get along very well. "Now, I'm sure Sherlock will be home shortly. You can sit here and have a nice, long cuppa. I have to go and sort out some things downstairs." It's a very vague sort of reason, but before John can open his mouth to protest, she's shushing him again. "Don't be daft, John Watson. Now you sit here and wait for Sherlock to come home. There's tea there," she says, pointing to a cupboard on the left, "and the kettle is full." He nods his appreciation and he thinks that's the end of it, until she brushes past him and squeezing his shoulder, his good shoulder even though he never told her which, and softly says "welcome home, John."
probably, to re-examine the new nurse. His thick black eyelashes are fanning over his skin and he looks... god-like, honestly. It's embarrassing how beautiful John finds him. Sherlock opens his eyes suddenly, like he felt John's stare, and John quickly talks to cover himself “You’re looking… you look healthy Sherlock.”
John's aware that they're in a public place, with healing and traumatised soldiers and servicemen around them, so he's not shouting but he's seething, fists clenched where Harry can't see them.
Sherlock doesn't reply, and John lets him sit in his quiet, continuing to file reports. It's only a few minutes later that something Sherlock says clicks.
"Hmm, and trust issues, it says.. PTSD, an intermittent tremor, a psychosomatic limp? All very interesting, Doctor Watson."
He wants to feel grateful when the plane finally takes off, but he just mourns the dust and the sand and heat, watching it disappear under clouds and the limits of the human eye. Someone touches him lightly on his uninjured shoulder and he doesn't look at them when they say, "maybe try to get some sleep, John." Another moment later, when they ask "is there anything I can do to help you?" he opens his mouth to say 'read to me a bit?' before he realises how absurd and unlikely that is. He shuts his mouth with a decided
John stands up from where he's sitting, moves around to stand in front of Sherlock, who is still sitting. Even sitting, Sherlock still reaches John's chest standing, so John only has to curl one finger under Sherlock's chin and tilt his head up to press their lips together. It starts chaste, mouths closed and dry lips on one another, but then Sherlock curls his arms around John's waist and pulls him closer and opens his mouth to let John in and suddenly their tongues are dancing, tasting each other and it's
"We can go slow," John whispers, "we should go slow, this is the first time we've even actually met, and you could hate me in real life, and I just got back from a
taking an interest, and the image is superimposed over the memory of Sherlock's soft voice, gruff with sleep and affection, and he's reciting a poem to John and he can't remember its name or what it was about but he has the distinct sound memory of Sherlock saying
"Are you allowed to have that?" The woman looks over her shoulder at him, giving him a fleeting smile,
“Wait.” There's nearly a minute of silence, where most people would put tasteless elevator music, Mycroft leaves only blank silence. he's on hold for another minute until the phone clicks again and;
The nurse returns and begins to look after him, wiping away the blood and inspecting the wounds. She applies butterfly stitches to a particularly nasty opening along the top of his hand, perhaps where the deadbolt caught on it. It’s a bit extreme, John thinks, but he welcomes the fussing anyway.
She doesn't care about his sodding limp, or his sand-weathered skin, or any of the other things that have made his love life basically impossible (except for the one thing... the thing he won't talk about, not now... not after this long).
Fuck, Sherlock. I’m sorry. Look, I’m a doctor, I can dispute it. Or, I’m going to call Mycroft, I’ll tell him you need to be let go. How do you get the British governments number? I’ll figure it out.
"You said I should focus on getting better. Well, look, I am better. I'm out of rehab. Talking to Sherlock won't set me back to bleeding on a field table."
find Sherlock again, perhaps once he's out of this blasted place. He holds Sherlock close to his heart but does not choke himself with it. He's even made a point, in the interest of continuing his life as normal, at
"Who's being doctorly now?" John teases. A small smile pulls at Sherlock's face and it very nearly floors John,
It repeats like this for what feels like eons but is actually only days. Sleep. Dream of blood and sand and war. Wake up. Shower. Physical therapy. Eat slop. Therapy with Ella on Wednesdays and therapy homework/'free time' on the other days. Dinner. Sleep. Rinse and repeat and repeat and repeat and
There's tinsel thrown everywhere and its shedding onto the short carpet, sticking to his socks and tickling his neck where it falls into his collar. He sheds his clothes at the end of every night and with it comes glitter and shiny plastic. Jingle Bells Rock has played for the third time in an hour and he wants to find and
when he says, "John Watson, I'm not--" Mrs Hudson turns around so fast her hand slaps him square in the chest. It's not aggressive and was obviously on accident, but Mrs Hudson's face goes through emotions so fast he can't keep up.
and just enjoys the encompassing beauty that is Sherlock. When Sherlock is done, John lets out a little sigh. “What about that one do you like?”
He can’t help but think, though, as he slumps into bed and hears the door click gently behind the retreating nurse,
The only thing that breaks up the monotony is jerking off and that's such a disturbing thought that it puts him off for a bit, but only until he's scrolling through the photos app on the phone Harry gave him (he'd taken it down to the computer and tried to inconspicuously take photos of the photos he found of Sherlock on Google) and inching his hand closer and closer to his prick which is doing it's best attempt at getting hard. He'd taken a photo of the one Sherlock had on his website, which was almost so sinful John wondered if Sherlock
wanted to have." John laughs at her harsh words, which he thinks is completely justified. He's not the kind of family he'd choose either, but if he's attached to Sherlock, he's attached to John.
He’s not even completely sure what he’s doing here. It’s close to one in the morning and John had left Rosie in her crib, knocking on his neighbour’s door to ask them to keep an eye out for her (the neighbour is an older man who John had run into a few times out the front of their respective front doors; they’d chatted a bit but weren’t exactly good friends. However, he was the only one John could think of that was awake that he could ask. He tried not to feel like a totally awful father leaving Rosie with a near-stranger, but he’d told himself it was only going to be an hour, maybe less.) so he could visit Sherlock. He hadn’t seen the detective since last Wednesday, when they’d stopped by after work to eat dinner with he and Mrs Hudson. No doubt Sherlock would call John to his side sometime in the next week, under the guise of a case or something else, but, well… he hadn’t actually been doing much of that lately, and John missed him. God, but he missed the man desperately.
in his life, per Ella’s suggestion. He sits, peeved, on the tube and stomps his way into his bedsit, stopping to scoop up the mail that was scattered on the floor in front of his front door.
He's not only an addict but a rape survivor, and god John doesn't care, obviously, it doesn't make him want this any less, he just has to
leave Rosie with a near-stranger, and Sherlock seems unlikely to offer more of himself tonight, so John steps out and let’s Sherlock dress.
"Okay. I know all of those things. I've spent the past seven months thinking nothing except... except those things, and how much I love him in spite of-- no, how much I love him for them. He's rude, and impatient, and a know-it-all, but he's..." John closes his eyes, trying not to blush as he finds his words, "he's perfect, is what he bloody is. And I didn't leave him behind, or ignore him, I swear." He opens his eyes, looking imploringly at Mrs Hudson, who'd softened around the eyes. "I was, I don't know how much you know, but I was in Afghanistan..."
’ Regardless of his demanding, pleading or asking, the 60-ish seconds are up and his muscles convulse in tiny shakes.
He's rabid with pain and impatience and stinging despondency. His life has transformed into something twisted and gnarled in less than four months and it's basically unrecognisable at this point, barely more than a relic of the kind of man John had been before, disturbing and wretched like a serial killers trophy.
Sherlock is looking back at his hands now, like a scolded child. His voice is strong, however, when he says “you’re willing to die in the war. I’d almost say ‘wanting to’ but it’s not quite like that." Finally, Sherlock looks at him, eyes wide and earnest, like this is something he really wants to pick apart. "You just… don’t care if you do.”
“You have a favourite?” That piques John's interest for real, and he lifts his heavy head, intending to listen properly. It feels like a big deal for Sherlock, an even bigger deal than it might be for others. Sherlock 'sentiment is a defect found in the losing side' Holmes has a
John is so tired of being angry, being eaten alive by the rage and the jadedness he's been carrying since he stepped onto the plane in Afghanistan. Knowing that Sherlock is out there, somewhere, counting and cataloguing the pattern and density of every single bee species, that's... that's okay. It's... god, it's great. Sherlock is out there, which means now,
There's one good thing about this boring GP's office and his boring job as a GP and this boring part of his life in this boring part of London and her name is Sarah.
It's his second night at his new place, and he's got the gun sitting beside him as he flicks through loose papers. He has his first in-person session with Ella next week and he doesn't want to walk in there with nothing to say, so he's rifling through old papers to think of something. He won't talk about the gun that hasn't left his side. He's just about to give up, flicking rapidly through the pages of his leather-bound journal when he spots it. A doctor's scribble of numbers with just MH to identify it.
you say 'wow author this is a lot of reticent exposition dump in one chapter' and I say 'you're so right, I'm sorry'
There it is again, muffled by the doors between them, but it’s obvious. It’s a sound John is very familiar with, the sound that pierced his ears in the sands of Afghanistan; hopeless anguish, pain and fear. It makes his skin itch, and he steps in closer to the door, incidentally crowding Mrs Hudson closer to it.
His hand moves once, slowly, up and down himself, wanting to luxuriate in the feeling of hot flesh on hot flesh, warm water running in rivulets down his chest and the back of his thighs. He braces himself on the shower wall, one hand holding himself up on the tiles, the other moving again over his firm prick. He closes his eyes, assured by the lock he'd remembered to flick closed when he entered. He tries imagining a partner, someone standing in front of him, bracketed between his solid body and the wall. Imagines the gentle caress of water is a tongue, a set of soft, plush lips following his skin down and down. Kisses sprinkled along his cheek, his jaw, latching onto the pulse point on his neck with an affection nip. He imagines their long fingers wrapping around him, giving him free rein to touch their body.
Once again, I have no idea about army bases and how they function. Maybe they have a plethora of coffee? Or maybe they have constant access to the internet. John also doesn’t have a phone in this fic– listen, I don’t KNOW.
His shout has drawn attention and a nurse is walking towards him. Before she can open her mouth to speak, she notices his hand. She frowns lightly, but doesn’t say anything, just walks up to him and gently lays his injured hand across the back of hers to inspect it.
"I'm sorry," he croaks, even though he's unsure if he should really be apologising. Mrs Hudson tuts at his side and tugs him away so they can sit at the kitchen table. John sees a pile of microscopes, test tubes and containers shoved against the fridge and he wonders if Mrs Hudson did that or Sherlock. The thought that Sherlock hadn't been experimenting since he'd gotten back sends another stab of guilt through him. Mrs Hudson is resting her hand gently against his when she says,
Maybe you could tell me about this one, tomorrow night over Skype? We’ve sort of gotten into the habit of talking every Tuesday. I have some paperwork to fill out tonight. Is it okay if I multitask?
and broke both their hearts, the absolute—when a big yellow envelop catches his eye, a stamp of the UK’s military insignia on the front. He tears into it and finds a stack of white envelopes and another perfunctory letter with the same insignia stamped on the bottom. He reads it quickly, tossing it aside on his desk before flicking through the envelopes, counting five letters with
The sudden and overwhelming ache of missing Sherlock is so visceral, savage like his anger had been, that he springs out of bed and towards the rec room where the public computer is. He hovers menacingly nearby while another resident is using it (looking up pap pictures of Kim Kardashian, really?) until his incessant sighs and taps drive the other person away. He practically jumps into the seat and straight to Google, typing 'Sherlock Holmes Detective London' into the search bar. He is unsurprised to find quite a large number of results, including the top result which is
Harry scruffs his hair like they hadn't just had a row in a public room and says, "I'm glad you're alive, little brother." Then she turns and walks away.
“You know, Sherlock… You, and Mycroft both, act as if you’re some unfeeling machine, some heartless genius that forces your way through life without a care in the world.”
John Watson right now. He completed medical training, he stitched soldiers back together, he can face Mycroft bloody Holmes.
and bored. How many times had Sherlock emailed John just those words 'BORED'. It's probably brain-killing for someone as brilliant as Sherlock.
Seacole Rehabilitation Centre is real, and for veterans, but that's all I know. Everything else is my own bs.
John smiled wryly, "I do a bit, that doesn't mean it's good for me. It's not just danger, though. It's an honest adjustment to... to accept being far less clever than someone, to knowing I will always be ten steps behind you because I am average," Sherlock made a sound of protest and John shook his head, "no, I am. Compared to you, especially. And I had to be sure I could be good enough to deal with that. And I am. I don't mind one lick, Sherlock, that you're cleverer than me. So long as you're mine, I don't care."
“That is not true, I—“ John’s response is cut off by a scream, loudest and most painful yet, punctured by a wretched sob and a crash.
“I’m not gay.” It just comes out. It always does when someone asks him about this. He doesn't know why exactly, except for the memory of his father red-faced and screaming as Harry screamed back, his final command
The smile doesn't leave him until the next day when he logs back on to his account to only one email.
John is sitting at one of the tables outside, a cheesy, flimsy plastic red-and-white checkered tablecloth covering the table when it happens. He’s so focused on reading the menu, trying to ignore the flashes of colour and dissonant clangs of noise around him so he can decide what kind of bloody sandwhich he wants to eat. He’d had his first shift at a general practice that week and decided to use his first paycheck on… a toasted silverside sandwhich, he supposed. Because his life was
"I thought last night would make you want to stay away." Sherlock interjects. His hands are around the cup, but John thinks he can see them shaking a bit. "This isn't the kind of environment for a child, John."
the place Sherlock had spoken about on late nights, the one he had written about to John, telling him he heard him in the kitchen even when he wasn't there, the home Sherlock talked about when he said 'come home.' It felt like a shame to be doing it without Sherlock, like he should really wait until he's invited, but Mrs Hudson is calling to him from what sounds like the kitchen if the kettle noises are any indication. He steps in, immediately overwhelmed by the smell of Sherlock. It smells like cigarettes and chemicals and something softer underneath, like a shampoo or a cologne. The flat is a mess, just like Sherlock said, but John forces himself to see the organisation the way Sherlock had described it. With effort he could see it, Sherlock's haphazard pile of what looked worringly like police reports are scattered over the floor, but it does not encroach on the other parts of the floor which are dedicated to bundled up clothes, or stoppered test tubes with vaguely threatening looking liquid in. His eyes dance everywhere, taking in anything he can with greedy hunger. Bookshelves, organised by some system John can't comprehend, a skull hanging on the wall which he is vaguely curious about, a blanket on the couch which looks like it had been slept on at some point, but likely not recently. John wonders how much sleep Sherlock has been getting, when a noise at his elbow shocks him out of his reverie.
He pauses his pacing, pushing aside the thought that the doctor was right, he will have to start using his cane if he doesn’t want to cause permanent damage. His leg, he can deal with. He will go to therapy, and walk with his cane, and have Epsom salt baths with lavender oil in it every night if that will help. He’ll do it.
the clouds had drifted away in the sky, leaving the moonlight to stream in from Sherlock’s open curtains. It’s dark but as John’s eyes adjust to the faint light with the aid of the dying fireplace, he can see Sherlock on the floor beside his bed, his bedside table overturned and what John thinks is a glass shattered on the ground. Sherlock is kneeling on the ground, legs twisted in the sheets and pooling around his waist. John worries for a moment about the broken glass, wondering if Sherlock had gotten hurt when he’d obviously thrown himself from his bed; the thought is interrupted when his eyes adjust and focus on Sherlock’s prone body.
on the back and his base camp’s address on the front. Blood boiling, John sits on the stiff plastic chair before his desk and tears into the first envelope.
blocking the front door and John has to run his shoulder into it, using his whole body to force it open. Something gives and he can finally push the door open.
"I told you in the last letter to disregard it completely." His voice is flat, and quick, like repeating something he'd memorised but didn't believe. "You are correct, it has been a misunderstanding and I will correct it. You have no obligation to me to--"
"Oh sure," she says, like she's used to people showing up for Sherlock. "he went out, but we can wait upstairs. Come on up."
"Not true at all," Sherlock shakes his head emphatically, "you are a highly skilled doctor, John." He seems to notice the conviction in his voice, and likely the compliment (which was not easy or free for Sherlock to give), too late and shrinks in on himself, the walls John had nearly slid past slamming back up again and trapping him outside. "Are you here for a reason, Doctor Watson?"
He's made himself three cups of tea and is currently letting another go cold in his hands by the time the sound of the front door clicking open and closed pierces the quiet of the flat. He's just been sitting here, waiting and waiting, which he'd had to do a lot before as a soldier but is somehow worse in this flat than the deserts of Afghanistan. The dichotomy of terror and joy at knowing Sherlock is
,a  condition in which psychological stresses adversely affect physiological functioning to the point of distress. “
do you understand? Whatever this is, that we have, it is unmovable until you say so, do you understand?"
“Yes, I know who you are, Captain.” Mycroft's voice is nothing like Sherlocks, it's nasally and strained whereas Sherlock's is gravelly, deep and dark and slow and
Although this centre doesn't actually take on addicts, it's full of angry and sick soldiers who won't even look John in the eye, it's still a strange irony. She can just get up and walk out when she wants to, whereas John is '
He only held the surprise for a few moments before it flitted away, replaced by the image of Sherlock here, in his shower, long talented fingers wrapped around him and stroking him with gentle firmness, thumb rubbing over the glans and slit to pick up the weeping and use it to add to the sweet slipperiness of his hand. He wanted to grip his sac, rub them around in his hands and pretend it was Sherlock instead, but if he didn't have his hand bracing the wall he would not be able to stay upright, so instead, he only tightened his grip, turning back inwards to imagine Sherlock. In his imagination, Sherlock slides slowly to his knees (another thing he did not expect, Sherlock is constantly surprising) and the tight slick of his hand is replaced by the hot heat of his mouth, his skilful tongue tracing sensual patterns over the skin while he takes John deeper. Is it weird to imagine someone giving you a blowjob when you hadn't even kissed them? To feel it so
Sherlock's tilts his head a bit to signify he's listening, but flips the next page. “I guess that depends what it is.”
Mrs Hudson shook her head beside him, "that Mycroft. I tolerate him because he's related to Sherlock, but he is the son I
"Okay." John says, then leans in for another kiss. He turns, but Sherlock stops him with a hand on his elbow. Every touch is sending electrical currents through his blood and he feels like he's humming with joy. They have a lot to do, a lot to make up for, but for this moment, for today, they can just be happy together.
"You had enough of that in your childhood," Sherlock concludes, and the admission of John's childhood abuse is so blasé that John blanches. Sherlock sweeps his eyes over John again, "and I shouldn't have said that," he adds, softer.
Mycroft's barely-veiled threat put a slight damper on John's newfound peace, but he tries to allow it to only temper his reaction. In truth, Sherlock is a recovering addict, and John a recovering soldier himself. In spite of their connection during those few months, a lot has changed. John tries to look at it objectively; analytical and deductive, rather than from his insecurity or any catastrophising. He's proud of his progress, of the equilibrium he's found between his heart and his head: he
“No point dwelling on the past,” he says shortly, “you must get home to Rosie. There’s a small, small but not insignificant, chance you’ve left your two-year-old daughter with a murderer.”
I have attached a photo of a crime scene and some earlier photos from some experiments I performed on laceration marks. Please review these images and tell me which is the more accurate weapon. It’s for a case.
his housekeeper. He eats my food and barely says thank you and he's up all hours of the night stomping around or muttering to himself or playing awfully on that poor, precious violin. But I'd much rather have Sherlock here and in a strop than anywhere else, you understand? If he's here I can look after him. And if I look after him I get good moments, like the wonderful songs he plays me, or the quiet 'thank you's he whispers when he thinks I can't hear him, or the few times he'd forced me onto the couch to watch something with him, simply because he was lonely and liked my company. That boy is-- I never had any children of my own, a bit of trouble with my husband, understand -- and that boy is closest and the best thing I have ever had to a proper family. Once, someone had busted in here, trying to do something awful, someone Sherlock was trying to arrest, and he stood right in front of me and wouldn't let that bad man get anywhere near me, even when it got him sent to the hospital bleeding all over the carpet. He's bitter, John, and grumpy and rude and impatient, but he deserves love. He certainly deserves more than being ignored and left behind!" To puncture her words, Mrs Hudson swats at his chest again. John grins self-consciously at her, looking into his tea as if it could give him all the answers.
He brings his eyes up again to properly asses Sherlock, forcing his doctors hat (which he'd found he'd been able to slip off in Sherlock's presence in a way he hasn't been able to since he started studying medicine) back on and checking him out. He's thin, thinner than a normal person, perhaps. But he's healthy. He
John takes a quick moment to scan the recesses of his memory, until he finds the name, "oh, you're Mrs Hudson,"
Maybe it was the guilt that drove him here now, but maybe it was the other, unnameable thing… something he has yet to admit to himself. Something that causes his body to heat whenever Sherlock looks at him, the sparks of desire every time Sherlock touches him, the constant pull to be near him which had reached a painful stretch tonight.
"Doctor Watson," Mycroft's voice is hard, unyielding against John's complaints. "Is it worth wasting breath to tell you to leave well enough alone?"
“John.” Sherlock has his fingers steepled and resting against his chin, his knees hugged to his chest to reveal checkered pyjama bottoms and John just can't stop
He's embarrassed when he strips the sheets the next day and asks the orderly to wash them. She only smiles and takes them away, and John remembers his brief stint in residency before he was taken overseas and figures maybe it's not that big of a deal anyway.
"It's okay," John assures him, "it's just-- it's true. You're right. And I don't want that in my home, from either of us. Do you understand?"
“I’m here,” John is moving before he knows it, walking over to where Sherlock is slumped and places a gentle hand on his shoulder. “I’m here, you’re safe, you were having nightmares.”
he is just happy Sherlock is here now, but it came out of the pile of every other question as the easiest to ask. He didn't consider, perhaps, that it would not be the easiest to answer. "I know you are, Sherlock. I believe you. I just-- I'm sorry."
It stings, it does, but John calmly reminds himself that this whole thing, this entire mess, is Mycroft's doing, not either of theirs, and John has waited ten months to be here, to see
John finished his paperwork an hour ago, and instead he's just watching Sherlock. The younger man is reading a book, his long index finger stroking the frayed edges of the pages, and with every stroke John feels a shiver down his spine. He's trying
“Thank you, but of course we’re not having dinner to talk about me.” Moriarty leaned backward in his chair as he crossed his legs. He stared back at Whitehall intently as if he were studying him.
“You say that your lovely museum attracts many academics, helping with the historical interpretation, no doubt?”
John sighed as he walked toward the bedroom, unbuttoning his shirt. “I think we should get a good night’s rest, Holmes.”
“I was assured in the beginning…” Detective Baynes started as he crossed his arms nonchalantly, “that this whole ordeal would go smoothly, but I guess this is what happens when you run against Sherlock Holmes and his faithful companion Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock’s expression remained the same as he only glared back at Lestrade. “Lestrade,” he turned around to walk away from the inspector and the door, “how many of your cases have you sought my advice?”
Sherlock and John ran into the dining room: there they found Standish on his back on the floor in a pool of blood and Bridget screaming in the corner. A pile of broken dishes was next to the body along with a fallen stand holding a bust of Heracles. John ran to Bridget to console her as Sherlock rushed to the body. He knelt on one knee, looking quickly around the body, checking vital signs. The rest of the guests including Mycroft appeared in the room.
Sherlock sighed as he held John back with one hand. “Can’t someone miss his companion? This is the longest we’ve been apart—”
“Mrs. Hudson,” John looked at Mrs. Hudson before acknowledging the group of officers, “is something the matter?”
“I haven’t and I won’t,” Sherlock responded as he pointed behind himself at Mycroft, “Mycroft spoke with a contact of his and we can get you out of this prison today. We’re staying in one of Mycroft’s estates before the trial.”
“Wiggins,” Sherlock stopped walking abruptly to kneel in front of Wiggins, “I think it’s best for me to go to the den alone.”
John coughed a few times before sitting backward in his chair with his arms crossed, yet Sherlock only acknowledged him with a smile.
Sherlock laughed to himself. “Absolutely nothing, dear. It’s a distraction, of course.” He tried turning around quickly, now hobbling back to the sofa to lie down again.
Sherlock took his time standing up to listen to the conversation. Although the voices were raised, the wall muffled most of the conversation. Sherlock pressed his body against the wall a bit more.
ridiculous to me for all of us to put our trust in you based on hearsay. Even the great Sherlock Holmes must have the passion to commit murder.”
“And that it’s suspicious that Coney, although the man is prone to salaciousness, would make assumptions about your case being linked to Schuller’s?”
“His first stop was the British Museum…,” John began relaying the details of the case with another heavy sigh, “…a conservator found a strange poem on the back of a published print displaying an etching of the bust of Lord Nelson.”
John stopped as he followed Sherlock’s gaze, landing on Standish speaking to Fedorov in what appeared to be a lively debate. At one point, Bridget’s maid, Clara, passed the men; she looked uncomfortable doing so. John watched Standish say something that caused Clara to flush, looking quite embarrassed, before she quickly approached Bridget before leaving the room. A folded scrap of paper fell out of her pocket, but John immediately dismissed it.
“…son?” Mr. McArthur turned toward James before sitting down, barely waiting for Sherlock and John to take available seats, “how is the office?”
John groaned as he positioned himself to climb through the window, landing as quietly as possible on his feet. Sherlock disappeared out of the kitchen and up the stairs to their sitting room. John looked out into the hallway to see the front door closed before following Sherlock. As soon as they opened the door to the sitting room, they were greeted by an overly excited Gladstone who pounced on Sherlock at the ready.
Sherlock took out a tape measurer to measure the footprints as John stood by, annoyed by the whole adventure.
“Mrs. Hudson?” John was interrupted by a woman’s voice. The door to the guest room opened to reveal Mary.
“I really don’t need to explain myself to you, Dr. Watson.” Detective Baynes ultimately answered as he pulled back on the hammer of his weapon, but before John could react, Detective Baynes’s body lurched forward from a force from behind.
Mary huffed before taking a sip of her tea, but she didn’t respond. Sherlock turned in his seat to look at her directly.
“I’m serious, Mycroft. You can either go with me or stay here. But I’m getting Watson out of that prison.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he stepped back, but in doing so, his sudden movement caused the prisoner next to John’s cell to let out a horrible shriek.
Before finally falling asleep, John knew he needed to stop resisting his current circumstances, and this new bit of information influenced his decision even more. If it were true that his colleague had attempted to stop Schuller and Sherlock managed to figure out his notes, then there was a possibility they could find whoever is distributing the drug now and prevent them from mass producing it.
Mr. McArthur waved his son off with a frown before leaning in toward Sherlock and John. “James went to school to study architecture—actually he went to that fancy school out in Paris! ‘Echole’ or something rather.”
“My brother informed me that he went to see Inspector Lestrade this evening.” Mycroft pulled out a chair for John at the dining room table before walking to the opposite side of the table.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but before he could add anything, he spotted John sitting in a tiny cell, huddled in a corner.
Everyone, except Sherlock and John followed Mr. McArthur out. John joined Sherlock in the middle of the space.
Sherlock straightened up as he walked toward the trail with John following closely behind. Sherlock opened the door to the kitchen to find the rest of the trail.
Sherlock groaned as he searched around the area, finding a window on the first floor that looked the easiest to pry open.
John sighed again as he stopped pacing. He rested his hands on his hips as he looked down at the bare floor.
Saxon then adjusted his eyeglasses before taking a moment to walk over to one of the windows looking into the study to gaze outside. Sherlock rolled his eyes as he watched the scene unfold before him.
John shot up straight as soon as he heard Sherlock’s voice. He looked at the cell bars before launching himself off the cot to get closer to Sherlock.
Mycroft clapped his hands together. “Well, Sherlock. Let’s speak with Warden James then. Thank you, director.”
John watched Sherlock look up from the journal, gauging his reaction. John glanced backward at the pot on the stove before facing Sherlock again.
remember him,” Moriarty leaned forward, “we’ve been using a synthetic version of the drug you developed. The same one Carberry was testing, but I’m sure I can spare you the details.”
Sherlock nodded slowly as he placed the newspaper on the table. “Watson, didn’t we talk about this yesterday? I have a plan.”
“Mycroft, I already told you we like it here. Besides I think musing about moving is hardly the most important matter at hand.” Sherlock responded as he finally sat still. He glanced at the bedroom door to see Wiggins poking his head out.
“Mary,” John reached out to rub Mary’s arms, “we’re just here for a moment. I can’t get into right now because I don’t want to involve you in anything dangerous, but there’s more to this than just someone framing me for Carberry’s murder."
John’s eyes went wide as he looked down at the furnaces and the vat. He then looked back at Sherlock who looked despondent.
Detective Baynes nearly shoved Sherlock out of the way as he and his men tried to get past with John. “There’s more to it, Mr. Holmes. So, if you don’t mind, please let us do our job.”
“I’ll send you a telegram as soon as I am there. Please don’t give Mrs. Hudson too much trouble while I’m away.”
As soon as the hansom stopped moving, both men hopped out before sneaking around the back side of the house to avoid the police who were cleaning up the scene while fighting off a swarm of press agents.
John laughed. “Because, dear, you’re enjoying chasing this thief. The month leading up until now had been relatively quiet and you’re taking advantage of it.” He then turned over onto his back, crossing his arms behind his head as he chuckled to himself.
The guests had gathered around a grand dining-room table. John was sitting next to Sherlock who sat next to Mycroft. The rest of the guests had filled the rest of the spaces available. The dining-room table was big enough for at least twenty people, but Mycroft had Stanley reposition a few chairs for his small party.
“While my companion and I were outside inspecting the carriage house. We found evidence that someone had been sleeping there…”
It was late and Lestrade was trying to focus on his work, but he was failing miserably. The Carberry case had been troubling him from the very beginning; not only were the facts of the case seemingly suspect, but also Detective Baynes had been increasingly unwilling to explain his reasonings for charging John with murder besides the eyewitness accounts and the minimal physical evidence found at the scene.
Lestrade dodged some officers before racing to his office. He slammed the door close, telling himself to stay calm. He inhaled one last reassuring breath before hanging up his coat and hat.
A man wearing something resembling a military uniform sitting next to Bridget fidgeted as he reached for his wine glass.
“Holmes, wait. Stop!” John struggled against his companion. Sherlock took the hint before letting go of John’s elbow.
my most trusted informant, Mr. Wiggins.” Sherlock started with a slight grin as he turned around to face his desk, “let’s leave now.”
“…but what is the most puzzling now is this stanza the thief left behind at Saint Paul’s…clearly it is not his own…” John pointed to a few lines of a poem scribbled out on their board.
John then redirected his frustration toward Sherlock who looked just as surprised. “Holmes, did you hear?,” he began, “‘A few close friends’ for this much-needed,
Lestrade’s superior stopped right in front of him, obscuring his view of the damage wrought by the bombing. The house had been recently built but its expert craftmanship had saved the rest of the house from total collapse. Also, both the judge and his wife had been on holiday when the explosion had occurred and their servants had also been out as a result.
The figure stopped what he was doing before turning around slowly to face Sherlock. He was holding a piece of wood.
Sherlock acknowledged John with a curt nod before using a giant wooden spoon to stir his mysterious concoction.
Mr. McArthur stared back at Sherlock before slowly rising from his chair. Sherlock motioned toward a window.
Mr. McArthur shrugged. “I need to get stronger willed servants, that’s what’s happened, Mr. Holmes.” He then huffed loudly before walking over to the fireplace.
Sherlock nodded still facing the desk. Mycroft groaned to himself. “Fine. Fine, Sherly. I’ll send a telegram to a colleague of mine. I’m sure I can speak with the director.”
The woman waited a second as she eyed both John and Sherlock, seemingly on the verge of telling them to vacate her property. But instead of demanding that that they leave, she sighed heavily with another nod.
Sherlock ran toward the door to stop Mycroft from leaving. “Mycroft, please listen.” He pleaded before marching to his desk.
There was a pause before some disconcerting scrambling. Moriarty motioned for the man to open the door. The man gawked at Moriarty before reaching for the doorknob, his hand trembling with every painful second. Moriarty ignored the man’s behavior, but his patience was wavering.
A loud ringing pierced John’s ears as he stopped rolling, finding himself looking up at the mid-afternoon sky. The ringing continued as he looked back at the house, or what was left of it.
John sighed heavily as he looked directly at Sherlock, but he had trouble focusing on what his companion was asking of him. It was clear that someone was using Carberry’s murder as a front or avenue for the drug, but it still wasn’t clear why someone would go out of their way to frame him for the murder. Not only was the idea disturbing to John, but the whomever they were dealing with might not have been aware of his cases with Sherlock who would inevitably involve himself in the case.
“I don’t think I really have any other choice now, but do you know how much more worse you can make this, Holmes?”
John looked at Wheeler and Lestrade before following Sherlock out of the room who was ambling in the hallway to the outside. John ran up to him to support him by the arm.
Mycroft sighed as he rose from his chair. “Obviously, I can’t leave you unattended until all of this is sorted out. No telling
Moriarty mused as he picked up the wayward newspaper, studying John’s words as if they had magically rearranged themselves into the answer he sought.
Sherlock looked upward slowly at Mycroft who was now trying to smile back down at him. Sherlock took a moment before nodding, sitting back in the sofa with a heavy-laden sigh.
“What did I say?” Moriarty interrupted the man again, “we cannot afford any more interruptions. Have someone watch Dr. Schuller and make sure he has what he needs for us to mass produce the drug. Understood?”
Lestrade walked up to the office, noticing right away that the door was slightly ajar. He looked around again, telling himself not to look suspicious before entering the office. He quickly rounded the door before closing it, hoping no one saw him enter.
“…we’ll have to disguise ourselves before going…” Sherlock walked to his bedroom as he motioned for Wiggins to take a seat. Wiggins sighed as he sat down, too impatient to wait.
Bridget conveyed clear offense. “Why, yes, Mr. Holmes! I came downstairs to retrieve my scarf that I had left on my chair after dinner…I heard a crash whilst descending the stairs and then another…that’s when I found that vile man.”
Mycroft gawked at his brother before sighing loudly again, raising his arms in the air in a huff before letting them fall back down on the armrests.
Sherlock shook his head as he pointed downward at the men. “Watson, we need to figure out what Schuller is up to.”
Wiggins nodded again before dashing off in the other direction. Sherlock watched him leave before turning in the opposite direction and down the street, rounding a corner until he found an undisclosed section of rowhouses with a group of people walking in and out.
“No sign of forced entry,” Sherlock held up a hand to interrupt the heiress, “only a few tossed items and the missing pearls. Where is your youngest child, Madame?”
Sherlock looked around before walking to the other side of the row of houses. He counted the houses until he found the back window leading into the den. Sherlock looked around himself before finding a crate to stand on to reach the window. He easily pried open the window to climb inside the back room of the den.
John felt Sherlock settle next to him. “We need to find out what this Henry Hampford knows. I have a feeling he’s only the tip of what’s to come…”
Mycroft nodded. “Did you tell the police that? If that’s the case, then they’ll probably let him go soon.”
However, John knew Sherlock wanted him to be cordial with Mycroft at the very least. And considering the lengths his companion had gone to prove his innocence, John knew he could muster up enough courage to spend one dinner with Mycroft.
Silence punctuated the end of Madame Loire’s sentence as everyone in the room looked back and forth at one another, disturbed by the revelation.
“…one of the officers found this when they were searching Carberry’s house…” Lestrade held up a little plastic bag containing a small pendant covered in dried blood before holding it out across the desk so Sherlock could see it.
John eyed Sherlock, evidently unconvinced, but Sherlock barely budged. John then grinned as he reached over to kiss Sherlock on his cheek, moving his hand downward to caress the side of his body.
Bridget glared at both Sherlock and John. “Why I never! You already said it was a burglary, Mr. Holmes. Why put Clara through such an ordeal?”
Saxon’s expression was now a mixture between surprise and frustration as he realized such an obvious mistake that marred his otherwise perfectly executed plan.
Sherlock stared back at Moriarty; the same self-satisfied grin appeared on his own face. He rose from his seat.
Sherlock opened the door before stepping to the side to let John in first. John stood near the entrance of the room as he watched Sherlock walk further into the room and over to a window. Sherlock turned around, staring intently at John.
Mr. McArthur rolled his eyes as he sighed loudly. “Okay, okay. I’ll change my clothes,” he turned to face Sherlock and John, “why don’t you make yourselves comfortable in the parlor and,” he then turned to Madame Loire, “perhaps Madame Loire can bring you some tea?” He nodded at her with a wink, causing her to sigh before turning around to head into the kitchen.
The butler looked back and forth at Sherlock and John. He took a moment, shrugged, and then walked briskly away from them toward the other end of the hall.
John groaned, wishing he could teleport to wherever Sherlock had ended up. “Just a minute.” He finally answered as he sat up in the bed, swinging his legs out from underneath the sheets as he looked for a robe.
Mycroft nodded with a smile as Stanley entered the room with a telegram. Mycroft accepted the note, reading to himself before tossing it across the table in a huff.
The heiress thanked Sherlock once more before instructing one of her servants to show Sherlock and John out of the house and to hail them a hansom.
John tried to orient himself to what was happening, but Sherlock took a tight hold of his arm to drag him toward the opposite door leading out of the basement to the front entrance of the prison.
Part of John envied Gladstone’s ability to sleep during such troubling times as if they were at home at Baker Street and not forced to hide out from all of London’s police force in Mycroft’s estate.
Sherlock looked slightly up at Mycroft so he could look him directly in the eyes. A second or two passed before he nodded back.
But whatever attempt on John’s part only made Sherlock even more visibly upset. John sighed as Sherlock remained silent, hanging his head as he leaned up against the bars. John could hear Sherlock sniffling quietly.
“Sherly!” Mycroft appeared just in time to witness Sherlock breaking the window before hopping inside the study.
John swallowed a lump in his throat as he tried to remain calm, all the while thinking of a plan to escape without harming the detective.
“Holmes…” John whispered sharply. Part of him couldn’t believe what he had just heard, but then again, nothing about the last several days was normal in any way.
Both John and Sherlock stopped abruptly. “What was that?” John looked at Sherlock before training his eyes toward the floor of the bedroom.
Sherlock and John both nodded, however both could tell from James’s unwillingness to participate in the conversation that it was something of a sore subject.
“It’s not kind to make up stories about the dead, James. You of all people should know that.” She shot her brother the most biting look that caused everyone else in the room to look back and forth at each other as an awkward silence intensified throughout the room.
“Holmes,” John started, letting out a heavy sigh, “I’m sorry. It’s just…this is all over the paper and now our position is in even more danger.”
“…because this whole ordeal was an accident, wasn’t it, Ms. Clara?” Sherlock addressed her immediately upon entry.
Later in the afternoon as light rain began to fall, they finally reached the estate, being greeted immediately outside by an overly joyous Mycroft who was accompanied by his valet, Stanley.
Sherlock nodded with a slight bow which made the train employee frown. Sherlock then straightened up to watch the man spin around quickly to jog in the opposite direction.
John just stared back at Detective Baynes to which the detective only chuckled. “I had access to your compartment before the train left…we weren’t planning to kill you then, obviously. You’re the main component in the plan, Dr. Watson. We needed you to take the fall for Carberry’s murder.”
“Mary,” Sherlock patted Mary one last time before disengaging himself from the hug, “I have it on good authority that Watson isn’t the man they’re looking for. He was with me the whole night when this supposedly happened.”
As Sherlock threw open the door to get out onto the street, John tried to look back behind himself to see what had frightened his companion but before he could there was a loud boom. The boom shook the entire house launching both Sherlock and John out on the street. Both men rolled to the other side of the street as pieces of debris flew about them.
Sherlock stopped trying to maneuver past Lestrade as the inspector sighed. “They’re taking him to trial later this week. There’s nothing more you can do…I’m sorry.”
John’s mouth nearly fell open from the surprisingly polite inquiry. “Um…” John looked behind himself at the bed before turning to look at Mycroft who was waiting patiently for an answer.
John thought to himself as he entered his compartment. He found his medical bag, but then also took a moment to retrieve his service revolver from overhead.
John stopped to see that Sherlock had the ghost pinned to the ground with its arm behind its back. John crouched down to help Sherlock stand the ghost up straight. They then walked the ghost back to the house to find everyone shocked to see that the ghost was not a ghost at all but—
Sherlock waved a hand as he turned slightly so that half of his body was facing the fireplace. “I suppose I should finally explain myself.”
John expressed his bewilderment as he accepted the file, opening it to find copies of court cases. John’s jaw hardened as he flipped through the case files.
“Never thought I would get to meet a member of parliament. Good to know that Mycroft’s connections aren’t entirely hogwash.” John let out as he crossed his arms behind his head, closing his eyes.
Sherlock groaned as he sat back in the sofa. “Mycroft, we’ve been together for more than three years—almost four. You know that.”
John, struggling to put his coat on as the morning cold sent shivers down his spine, sighed as he sank down into his seat. Sherlock instructed the driver where to take them and they were whisked away to the residence of William Wheeler.
Lestrade nodded before rummaging around in his desk again. “However, we need to keep this on the low. I’m already going behind Baynes by speaking with you about the case.” He found what he was looking for, scribbling on a pad before handing the note to Mycroft.
“Sherly.” Mycroft squeaked, holding his elbow that was bruised from the fall. He rolled back and forth on his back until Sherlock reappeared again, trying to help him up to feet.
Sherlock smiled as he accepted the paper. He scanned it quickly before walking over to his desk. “Of course the vials have a connection to the cemetery in Whitechapel. I must go there at once.”
But Sherlock stopped him again with an outstretched hand. “Watson,” he said calmly, holding onto John’s arm tightly, “we need to proceed with caution.”
John sighed in his head; he could hear the man on the other side of the wall babbling about some academic or something rather.
Mycroft turned around to face Mary with a slight grin. “Ah yes, and it was such a lovely dinner, Margaret!”
Ever since the symposium, Moriarty had been studying Sherlock Holmes, following every single case to get at the heart of the man who seemed to be an expert in criminal psychology. That day and after an exceptionally frustrating class, Moriarty had been studying once such curious case that involved an academic who had stolen a few priceless artifacts to get back at his colleague over a failed museum exhibit.
The employee looked at John, taking a moment before jogging toward the sound of the voice. John watched him leave, remembering to himself that he should probably retrieve his medical bag from his compartment before tending to the passenger. He walked back from car to car until he found his compartment next to the dining car. He took his time opening the door, looking both ways down the hall before entering.
Sherlock leaned backward in his chair with a huge broad smile. “I bet it did, Mr. Fedorov…anything else?”
John’s body went numb before he attempted sitting down. “What? Why would he do that?” He knew Sherlock was out possibly gathering more information about the case, but it seemed like a fool’s errand to go directly to Lestrade.
“It was dinner and we’ve met a few times before, actually.” Mary added. It was clear she was annoyed with Mycroft constantly forgetting her but managed to remain resolve through it all.
“I think that’s enough for tonight,” Sherlock said as he closed the journal before placing it back on the fireplace mantel, “I think you need a warm bed.”
“I won’t be too long. I’ll be back for dinner,” Mycroft added as he opened the door to the hallway, “would you like for me to ask Mrs. Hudson if she can make lunch for you?”
“…and while some of these traits can be difficult to pinpoint at a cursory glance, knowing the vast array of possible character traits is more than beneficial in aiding the police in their investigations—”
“I want to see what evidence Detective Baynes has managed to recover from the scene.” Sherlock demanded as he turned around to exit the office.
John looked up from his notes. “I only care about your wellbeing.” He added with a grin. He then rose from his chair to fetch Sherlock a cup of tea.
Sherlock turned to walk toward the door, but the turn caused him to groan in excruciating pain. John moved to help him, but Sherlock waved him off.
like an explosion. This may have alerted the police to our position. If this happens again,” Moriarty turned to directly face the group, “consequences will be set in place, understood?”
The police officer’s eyes widened as his mouth fell open. His neck swiveled his head back and forth as he gawked at John then back at Sherlock, seemingly surprised that the man wearing an ill-fitting dress and smeared makeup was the great Sherlock Holmes.
John sighed as he slapped a hand to his forehead, noting to himself that he wasn’t concerned that Sherlock wasn’t in the bed with him, which bothered him. John couldn’t believe that the case would become any more dangerous than the bombing, yet despite his constant worries, Sherlock managed to move undetected the since escaping Westgate.
“Good.” Moriarty smiled back at the group, “proceed normally and give whatever Dr. Schuller asks for. We need him focused to have what we need for the event.”
The man stepped forward as he pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “Can you please come with me, Dr. Watson?”
with Holmes after dinner.” John let out as he crossed his arms, clearly frustrated that he was now in the throes of solving a murder instead of getting a good night’s rest.
Soon after, Mamhud appeared. He looked around the room before taking a seat in front of Sherlock and John.
Sherlock shook his head as he pointed to the inside of the woman’s compartment. The train employee looked at the compartment before looking back at Sherlock, squinting his eyes to indicate that he thought something was amiss about Sherlock’s disguise.
Mary turned red as she turned away from them slightly. She rung her hands together, taking a moment before rising from her bench.
Sherlock nodded timidly before John pulled him back into the hug again. They stayed like this for some time as John just rubbed Sherlock’s back, thinking back to the unbearable conditions at Westgate mixed with his ire directed toward whomever was attempting to frame him for murder.
As soon as John reached the group of men, he was accidently tripped by Fedorov who had stuck out a foot to get a better stance while holding Mamhud away from William. The force of the trip propelled John across the room to slide next to Sherlock. Sherlock tapped John on the shoulder a few times to ensure that he was okay before they jumped up to pull William and Mamhud apart who at this point in the scuffle, were wrestling with each other on the floor.
was the one causing delays, but I’m sure he’s told you something different.” Wheeler rolled his eyes.
“Every single file in this safe is evidence for your case, Watson. Someone’s been sending the judge tampered evidence.”
What this evidence is, is a mystery. But surely someone like Dr. Watson who has experience with crime would be able to cover up his tracks. Maybe he wanted to get caught…I’m sure we’ll find out soon if this ends up going to trial…
John grumbled some more, but he knew he would have to continue on so that Sherlock could prove that there was no ghost, and they could finally enjoy their vacation. After waiting some time, they walked back to the carriage house with Sherlock slowly inspecting every little piece of possible evidence until he stopped to inspect some footprints leading outside the carriage house.
As he read John’s detailed description of the event, which included a few words from Sherlock, Moriarty tossed the newspaper across the desk. He seethed; based on his observations, it would be difficult not to be detected by Sherlock and his capacity to insert himself in anything and anywhere necessary.
Detective Baynes laughed. “Well, we had to make sure you were convicted, Doctor. But you made it easier for us by being at the scene of the explosion. I told you, I’ve been following you closely. We have eyes everywhere.”
Detective Baynes grinned as he pointed his revolver directly at John. “Of course, you didn’t, Dr. Watson.
But before Sherlock could answer him, Saxon lunged toward him, taking him to the ground. They wrestled around with each other, knocking over some of the priceless artifacts in Wheeler’s study.
Mary nodded before turning back to face Sherlock. “We saw it before you arrived, Mr. Holmes. It’s been here for quite some time…so I know that it’s not James…”
Madame Loire sighed, taking her time before looking directly at everyone. “I was born in France, Monsieur Holmes, but I have been living in America for quite some time…I have some family here...some of my distant relatives came abroad during the Revolution to help the Americans…” she sighed again, looking downward before looking back up at everyone once more, “I took the post with Monsieur McArthur to scare him off this property…he’s planning to demolish the cemetery and the house without plans to move what’s here…I found out that some of my distant relatives are buried here…but I didn’t think you would be here, Monsieur Holmes. It was only to happen when Monsieur McArthur and his business associates were on the property.”
Some murmuring on the other side of the cell wall interrupted John’s attention; he could now hear Schuller talking loudly to himself, which wasn’t atypical, but the man sounded anxious. But before John could really dwell on it, he smelled smoke before seeing Sherlock running toward his cell, followed by a large cloud of smoke. John backed away from the bars as the mechanism in the door clicked.
“Madame Loire!” Mary turned to quickly prop their maid up, waving a fan near her face again to give her some air.
He turned onto his side to look at the side of the bed that Sherlock had been sleeping on. John believed that Sherlock could figure anything out, but something about this case felt like it would be their last. John groaned as he shut his eyes again, trying to tell himself that he needed to rest; at least he could control that.
Sherlock stood staring down at the vat for some time before John appeared near him. “He fell?” John looked down at the vat before taking a hold of Gladstone who was becoming too excited from the commotion.
He heaved a few times, both strangely satisfied that he was uncovering more about the case, but equally upset upon remembering that John would face trial soon. Sherlock told himself that he needed to focus, taking a moment before rising from the floor to limp to his desk. He placed his samples on the desk, studying them a while before walking over to his library shelves.
“Holmes!” John shouted once more, forcing himself to his feet. He hobbled over to Sherlock who was looking down and out the opening. John joined him to see Detective Bayne’s body crumbled up on the edge of the cliff.
Sherlock laughed nervously as he came to a stop. He held an index finger against his lips to silence John. “Yes, I’ll admit it’s not my
Mycroft ignored them as he continued. “We have the delightful pleasure to be joined by Bridget Persephone Coventry,” he beckoned for John and Sherlock to follow him up the staircase.
Sherlock stopped walking, but he kept his back toward John. “For once, my dear Watson, you are on to something.” But he continued toward the house without explaining.
“Uh,” Mycroft squinted his eyes as if that helped him to remember who he was greeting, “may I help you, Miss?”
John thought to himself as he remembered catching Sherlock last week in the act of administering some sort of mystery drug to Gladstone.
Clara nodded. “Yes. I used to work for Mr. Standish’s wife before he fired me…one day, I accidently walked in on him having a meeting with an associate of his…they were discussing something untoward, it sounded like something that had to do with parliament…I went to the authorities soon after…”
“Holmes, please. How many times do I have to tell you it’s not polite spying on people, especially when we’re staying in their home?”
Sherlock barely acknowledged the accusation as he motioned toward John. “Well, I was with the good doctor when we heard the commotion."
attended the University of London. He was in Watson’s cohort. This could be his. Did that ever cross your mind, Lestrade?”
A loud, boisterous cough interrupted the speaker. He stopped reading his notes to glare out into the crowd before effortlessly resuming his lecture.
“Dr. Hans Schuller,” Moriarty greeted with a sly smile as he walked forward, reaching a hand out to the chemist, “it’s a pleasure to see you again.”
“For god’s sake, Sherly.” He groaned as he walked through the unkept garden to hoist himself through the window, nearly toppling over again from the pain shooting through his elbow. As soon as he was inside, he could see Sherlock entering a chapel down the far end of the hallway.
Mr. McArthur waved his daughter off as he walked over to one of the windows. He sighed heavily as he rested his hands on his hip.
Sherlock laughed before turning around to face James who was by now looking everywhere except at him.
John, expressing bewilderment, watched Sherlock reach out to him through the bars before turning to catch up with Mycroft. Sherlock and Mycroft quickly ascended the steps leading into the guard room before taking the hallway back toward the director’s office. But before entering, Sherlock stopped Mycroft with an outstretched arm.
“Watson!” John heard Sherlock’s voice, but his vision was blurry. He stared down at the floor, his arms wobbling from a rapid onset of nausea.
John shrieked as the woman fell right on top of his body, driving an elbow into his stomach. “What!” He struggled with the woman as she tried to reposition her body, “what is the meaning of this? Miss? Excuse me!”
“John?” Mary questioned because she was confused by their attire, “John!” She then cried as she realized who was standing in the sitting room.
“You must think we’re idiots, Doctor,” the provocation made John stare wide eyed at Detective Baynes as the latter continued, “we have you for this murder.” Detective Baynes wasted little time as he rose from his chair to open the door.
“You’re…talking about Carberry’s antidote…” John responded in a hushed voice, all the while keeping his eyes on Detective Bayne’s revolver.
“I was just taking my dog out for a stroll, and he wandered in here. We’re leaving now.” John attempted.
Moriarty’s smile cracked somewhat from the provocation. Sherlock paused, but Moriarty waved for him to resume his critique.
Mary wiped her eyes with a handkerchief, finally nodding after a moment. She then looked at her father who only shrugged.
Sherlock shook his head as he held John down with both hands before lying down next to him. “Stay down, dear.”
Mycroft grimaced as he watched Sherlock with his back facing toward him. He sighed once more as he rolled his eyes.
“Mr. McArthur,” Sherlock started after he effortlessly poured himself and John some tea, “you should tell us more about your business. I’ve only been able to glean what I know from the papers.”
“On to Morpeth, dear!” Sherlock limped quickly to retrieve their coats, but he groaned in pain as he crossed the room.
“All right, I think we’ve had enough excitement for the night, haven’t we?” He said with an annoying grin.
“Mr. Holmes!” One of the guards approached Sherlock as he reached a hand out, “it’s such a pleasure to meet you in person.”
“Please remove him.” Moriarty commanded as he wiped the handle of the pistol before delicately placing it back into the desk drawer.
John groaned as he jumped out of his chair to march across the room; although he knew Coney went to certain lengths to bend the truth, John still couldn’t believe that the journalist was now feeding into speculation about the case.
John sighed as he spun around to pace back and forth in the cell. Sherlock watched for a second or so. “You have to trust me, Watson. This is the only way.”
