for me to leave you alone, you know. Not because he’s worried about you. No, simply so he would no longer have to
"I missed you too, Dean." Jack laughed. The sound bounced off the walls and echoed through the hallway. Dean slapped him on the back and took a deep breath in before breaking away from the hug, grabbing him by the shoulders, and looking him in his eyes.
“Alright, cowboy. No need to get cocky.” Grinning, Cas put on the best imitation of his own confused face.
but also every single time any angel is rocking the whole “holier than thou” attitude you got, they’re overcompensating for some serious sin-age. So...” He turned, narrowing his eyes at the angel behind him, feeling the entirety of the last few day's frustrations inside him coming to a boiling point, “What’s your guilty pleasure? I’d pick you’re a secret harbinger of Wrath. You definitely look like the type to enjoy a good smiting whenever you get the chance, and honestly, with you junkless assclowns, Wrath is always the safest bet." He stepped forward, closer to Penny, who looked at him with wild confusion. Dean wasn't gonna let this random angel psychoanalyze him without paying for it. He sucked his teeth and notched his head to the side. "That being said I have heard about you. Shacking up with a dude? You know, you’ve gotta be
“Well, it's awesome.” he ruffled his free hand through Jack's hair, “Thanks for the drawing yesterday. Cas gave it to me, but if it was supposed to be for him, I can give it back.”
“It's hot,” Sam said, sparing a glance up from the fluffy scramble that he was pushing around the pan. Too late Dean registered what he had said, catching the toast as it popped out of the toaster in his bare hands. He huffed cartoonishly and dropped them as delicately as he could onto a plate in front of him. “You want one or two pieces?” Sam asked, this time keeping his eyes on the eggs. Dean blindly reached into the breadbasket and placed two more pieces into the toaster, his mind elsewhere. Dean couldn’t help but drop his resolve. His eyes trained on his brother's back. He desperately tried to swallow down the pain. That was Sam for you; Sam had already been for a run, was cooking breakfast for them both, and even when Dean had only been awake for five minutes, Sam still made sure Dean got the warm toast. He knew Sam was worried about him, worried about how he was going to handle the loss they had both been through now that Chuck had been dealt with and things were settled. Dean silently stood behind his brother as Sam added bacon to a second pan. Dean knew that if Jack was right… If his dream was real… He couldn’t bring himself to finish the thought.
“Surprise!” The group yelled in an uncoordinated mess of voices, as they rose mistimed from their hiding spots throughout the Roadhouse. Dean laughed, a little hesitant at first, before breaking into an all-encompassing chuckle. He beamed at the faces around him. His Mom and Dad, Ash, Jo, Ellen, and Bill… Dean guessed? He’d only seen pictures. Bobby was there with his wife Karen too, along with Keven and Channing, Charlie, Pamela, Pastor Jim, Rufus and... his Daughter(?), Mick Davies, Ketch, Balthazar, Metatron, Samandriel, Gabriel, and Dean faltered as their eyes connected, Cas. Mary reached him first, ripping him from his gaze, throwing her arms around him.
“Would you, like to join me in my office, so maybe we can, uh, talk properly?” Dean asked, pointing the beer bottled hand toward the Impala. Castiel nodded and followed Dean toward his car.
Dean opened his mouth, then exhaled, and closed it again. An annoyingly familiar shiver ran through his spine and caught in the back of his throat, the kind of deep and intense shiver that always snuck up on him, especially, when he was thinking about the old days; when it was just his dad, Sammy, and him, going from motel to motel; job to job. Dean had pleaded John’s case to Castiel before. The first, and most extreme time being the argument Cas had started after he’d read John’s journal. Castiel was adamant that the only reason Dean and Sam had defended the man was because of some kind of quasi-Stockholm-syndrome style “abusive brainwashing” that made them feel “obligated to crave an ounce of respect and dignity” from him. Dean didn’t want to bring all of that up again now.
maybe this place was big enough to house every soul at once. He wasn't sure if the citizens wandering the streets were people he had interacted with in life and simply couldn’t remember, or if they were strangers, souls collected over all of human history. It was something that he had, up until now, not even considered at all. He wondered at the idea. What would he do if he walked in to pay for the gas and had to line up behind Marie Antonette or Jimi Hendrix(?!), for that matter. He was somewhat disappointed when he climbed back into the Impala after paying, having recognized nobody in the store.
“You good?” Deanna asked, staring into Samantha's eyes. She nodded in response, her lips pulled into a tight line. “Alright,” D began, knocking her hip against her sister's thigh. “Let's go see what the other half calls a good time”. Sam huffed out a laugh and shook her head. She began walking again but slower now so that her sister could follow along beside her.
“If you would like, I could come with you and apologize to your father for my behavior,” Castiel suggested, missing the point of Dean's dig. His voice was gentle, his eyes roaming over Dean’s face.
“Wait... are you--” Cas pulled his head back, his eyes flitted across Dean’s face, “trying to apologize for not telling me sooner?” Cas asked. Dean swallowed and shrugged.
“I promise I won’t tell Dad,” Sam added, spreading her hands over the glove compartment as if shielding prying eyes. Deanna let out a small laugh as her smile slowly faded from her eyes.
“You mean, did I go back and burn the body? Yeah, Sam, I dealt with it.” She stated coldly, raising her third drink to her lips.
Sam didn't know what to say. He stared at his brother staring at Castiel. Dean looked pale. He looked like he was gonna hurl again, Sam noted and wondered if he should get the bedpan out from under the bed.
“Just Sammy, being…  well, Sam, I guess”, Dean rubbed at his mouth. “Giant nerd has to know everything about everything”.
Dean considered these words while he sat there staring at his best friend, his brow low as his eyes searched for any hidden communication from the angel that would suddenly make things clear; that would tell him this was all a huge misunderstanding. Dean opened his mouth to speak before coming up empty and closing it again. Cas simply sat there avoiding eye contact, his brows furrowed as he stole glances every now and again, then tore his eyes away awkwardly.
, Dean noted. He slid down against the wall and stretched his legs out. He stared at the tiled wall opposite him. It seemed his head was suddenly completely empty.
you", right? Dean’s breathing increased as he stared at the pot in front of him. Castiel seemed to have just casually implied that he, a literal angel, a powerful, cosmic being, had previously told Dean that he
“I meant-- stop-- singing” he spluttered, setting his jaw and looking hard into his older brother's eyes. Lucifer closed his eyes and nodded slowly, his mouth formed a counterfeit frown.
All he could think of was his little brother, his poor baby brother, and his scared as hell face. What a tough, amazing person Sam was, trying so hard now to stay strong for him.
"Alright. Okay. I get it.” Dean cringed, “You wanted to see the big finale. How the hell did you snag yourself Death’s precious-- How are you even walking around for that matter?” Dean questioned.
“What, you think he’s moved on?” Mary’s smile reached her eyes, crinkling in the corners. “I don’t think so, Dean,” She laughed gleefully before taking a bite of her burger. Dean shook his head.
"I may be able to convince Abner to watch over you brother. What would you have him say?" Dean shrugged.
“And your sides.” Castiel agreed. “I’m sorry. If I knew you were unaware I would have clarified. It’s incredibly frustrating sometimes. It’s like you can see right through everything I say, and yet, then other times apparently you have no idea what I’m hinting at." Dean scoffed at the irony of this statement. "I can’t imagine the stress I put you through, having to walk around for a decade believing there was a chance you were going to end up back in hell when I could have just communicated more clearly that it was impossible.” Dean shrugged.
“How did you sleep?” Castiel’s voice was unusually soft and thin from where he now sat above him, peering over Dean in an attempt at seeing his face.
He imagined Sam as a father. Dean had always thought that his baby brother would make an excellent Dad. He was kind, and caring, and could be authoritative and unyielding when he wanted. He had been amazingly patient with Jack and his leadership skills were obviously up to snuff, considering how he ran a whole operation of apocalypse world hunters. Dean pictured Sam having a little boy, he recalled the time they had looked after that baby shifter how he had wanted to name the kid John, after their dad, which was crazy considering how well he got along with the guy. He was probably looking at Dean through death colored glasses too. So, he figured, he’d be practically a god to his brother now.
ready, he noted, and followed them out of the door into the hallway, through the crowd of seated friends and family, before finally taking his place by his brother at the end of the aisle, in front of the altar.
He started to feel sick again. The silence grew between them at their corner of the long makeshift table. The excited voices and laughter from the other end of the room felt like a slap in the face. "Dean…" Claire began, her voice low and serious. She seemed hesitant to continue. A long pause followed as she stared at the empty bottle, working up the courage to continue. Suddenly another fake smile exploded onto her face, "Can I have another beer?" she asked, returning to her carefully curated light and pleasant tone.
Castiel sat by Jack’s small table watching as the toddler molded a vaguely humanoid shape made of a concoction of playdough combined together to create a rainbow swirl of clay. Dean sat on the other side of Jack, occasionally chuckling at himself as he penned down yet another letter to his younger brother back on Earth. Dean sipped at the glass of whiskey he had refilled a number of times this evening already and handed his newest piece of paper to Azreal, who left the room in a thrashing of wings.
“I don’t know,” He giggled. “Is it now?” He laughed again and slid down, ass first, off the bed. He kneelessly made his way through the grass floor over toward Dean. “I thought it was now before but I don’t know when it was.” He handed him a piece of paper, “Did I show you, yet?” Dean attempted a reassuring smile at Jack, then set the piece of paper aside between his thigh and the chair. He slid his hands beneath Jack’s armpits, launching him up onto his lap, then retrieved the piece of paper, sparing a hesitant look at Castiel before opening it up.
We're finally out of Carry On territory and into my Big Brain Fix-It. I hope y'all like eventual happy endings.
“Yes. When creating this new world, Jack decided to add in a soul’s ability to control the element of time if needed. It seems to help when a soul has a hard time adjusting, they can skip forward to a time where they feel more comfortable. So, for you, that was the surprise party that Mary planned for you.” Dean raised his brow.
“Ding-ding-ding. I’m just here for the big delivery, though. Wanted to make sure I got you up here myself. All things considered, I still like to think of you as the Ross to my Rachel, the Salt to my Pepper, The--”
that it's wrong.” John swallowed and shook his head one last time before he turned on his heel and marched through the crowded patio, out of the restaurant. Mary stared after him, her mouth agape. She slowly turned in her chair back toward her son.
“I think they would have just assumed that you were the most committed fanboy out of the three of us-- I-- If you were there when they--” Dean pinched his nose, “I would have probably set fire to the whole freakin' building--”
"What time is it?" Sam mumbled and fumbled for her phone. She sighed as she read that it was already passed midday. "Uh, the first option, right? Surely you wanna get some shut-eye by now?" She yawned.
, Dean pleaded internally. Sam, still in a daze, tried to physically remove Dean from whatever he was impaled on as if Dean were simply over exaggerating.
"Oh, um, I was just going to say… I told you it would be awkward". Suddenly, Dean found himself moving to sit on the edge of the bed. The whole cot rose around him as he sat, his body turned towards Castiel. The angel looked dejected as he sighed. The closeness seemed to have the effect of an emotional beating. He all but physically curled in on himself like an abused animal, waiting for another blow. Dean's stomach and chest ached at the sight of him. He took in every inch of Cas' face trying severely to find the words to form a sentence. One perfect sentence to explain everything he'd been through over the last six months; everything he'd thought and felt since he'd last set his eyes on his best friend.
“What you’re telling me is that: I was the kid who threw a tantrum when they were dropped off on their first day of daycare, then slept until their mom came to get them?” Dean nodded overenthusiastically. “That's great.” his voice dripped with sarcasm. Cas sighed and Dean drank a large gulp of his beer.
“I’m so sorry”. Dean couldn't bring himself to open his eyes yet. He gripped his mom's back feeling the ache in his chest that started the day she had died, the first time she had left the land of the living; when he was only four years old.
Dean walked over to the barstool. He lifted his hand to get the bartender’s attention and she sauntered back over to him.
Castiel was suddenly flung off course, his body rolling miles through the air before he slammed down, head first, into the blackness. A blow landed into his back as he attempted to push himself up to his feet, thrusting him back into the muck of the empty.
; a length of time that you cannot even fathom. He considered what I had done a sin, as all angels did, and some even still do... And yet, the lengths that the man in there,” He pointed to the door, “has gone to for just an ounce of gratification, a mere crumb of respect... from
actually apologize to him too, right? You didn’t just--” Dean lolled his head back for a moment, rolling his eyes, before facing back toward Penny.
Fifteen minutes later Dean sat on his bed in fresh clothes. Dark Jeans, a white t-shirt, and a light blue denim button-up. He clicked Charlie Weasley in his phone and brought it up to his ear. Her voice rang through the other end almost immediately.
“Well, you know me” Deanna stated, regaining her composure and smiling, “Same ol’, same ol’.” Sam nodded. “Anyway, tell me more about this Jesse character. How’d the two of you meet.” Sam shook her head, her eyes glazed over and her lips upturned slightly as she got lost in a memory.
"I'm gonna hit the showers and then I gotta call Charlie. I'll meet you in Jack's room in an hour?" Confusion and hurt flashed in Cas's eyes.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I’ll look into it, but it seems there's not much I can do.” Dean fixed his gaze on the wall in front of him. He clenched his jaw hard and swallowed down the lump that had risen in his throat. “It’s about the soul, you see. When a special soul like yours or your brothers is set to be reaped by fate, there’s no real stopping it. The effects are set in stone, or in time. To change that would be impossible.” Dean closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the brick wall. Tears started to brim his eyes. He sniffed and brought a shaky hand up to his face, wiping away the one stray tear that had fallen. He knew messing with fate or
“Maybe the edgewise part…” He smiled at him, flashing his eyes. Castiel stared back at him with a blank expression. Dean sighed. “No, man, I obviously don't hate you, or think you're a coward or a dick”, Dean stated in a rushed voice as he leaned in close across the table, before resting his back against the booth and shaking his head. Castiel looked at Dean. It was one of those looks that made him appear to be trying to read Dean’s soul; as if one’s and zeroes scrolled behind Dean’s eyes, and Cas was the only one who could understand it. Cas sighed before opening his mouth. He looked uncertain as he wrestled with himself, trying to decide if he should voice his thoughts.
“Castiel” she boomed throughout the whole Roadhouse. Cas looked over at Dean, who in return kept a steady gaze. After a moment, evidently deciding that it was safe, Cas wandered over to the table and sat himself down next to Charlie. Dean knew this was usually the time that he would jump up and grip Cas tight in an embrace, but instead, the awkwardness and irritation caused Dean to stay glued to the chair, his arms folded on his chest. Jo followed shortly behind the angel placing six shots and two beers on a plastic drinks tray, down. Dean could only assume Charlie had ordered them the drinks earlier. Dean took the shots and dealt them out; two each, sliding them across so they sat in front of each person.
When Dean woke the second time that morning his face was buried into Castiel's neck, whose arm draped protectively over Dean’s waist. Dean inhaled loudly through his nose, a grin spreading to his eyes, crinkling in the corners. He peered up in time to see Castiel’s eyes flutter open, a moment of confusion flitted across his face before he pulled his arm back from its clasp.
“You redecorated”. Dean’s voice reverberated as he gestured his chin toward the tiled wall beside him. Castiel turned to look at him blankly. Dean smiled, squinting, and shook his head. “Joke,” he explained, then nervously smacked his lips, before he sat himself down by the map table slowly, drunkenly, almost missing the chair completely on the first attempt. He placed the remnants of his beer on the table beside him and cleared his throat. Cas’s brows furrowed.
"Yes, Dean. He was asleep…" Jack remembered "I first had to steal Death's ring to get him out... but once I had explained everything to Crowley, he was willing to help be a part of my plan." Dean definitely wasn't keeping up with Jack's story but he waited patiently for the puzzle pieces to all fit together. "I was administered an adrenaline shot to bring me back and with Crowley as the new Death, we could create a door to take Castiel out of there." Dean still wasn't following, his eyes darted around quizzically. "So when we returned to the Empty, We woke up Lucifer and Castiel and the four of us took on the Shadow. We used Death's scythe which we found a spell to upgrade with a portion of God's light, Amaras Darkness, the essence of a demon, and some archangel grace." Jack's eyes glazed over, as his mind returned to his memory. "It was a really bad fight... but we all managed to get out alive." Dean almost choked on his gasp.
“Uh, thanks.” He nodded, flicking the paper. “I’ve always known what my room was missing was some of God’s crayon art”. Dean grinned as he pressed the paper to his chest and nodded to himself. He placed the drawing into his back pocket.
“Sammy? It’s me.” Deanna murmured, resting her forehead against the wooden door. The door opened beneath her causing her to fall forward and stumble into the room. She looked up to see Sam standing above her, tear-stained and breathless. Deanna relaxed at the sight, exhaling at the relief of the tension that had built up in her upper back.
Sam's voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. He found that he had been scrolling on his laptop without really paying attention to what he was seeing, his thoughts on his inescapable demise. He felt suffocated by the inevitable writing-on-the-wall. His time was finally here. Each agonizing second that ticked by was another second closer to his end, and Dean was terrified. He had died before but almost every time he’d had a plan, an ace up his sleeve, or a determined God who refused to let him rest. This time felt different though. He was reminded of how it felt waiting out his crossroads deal, counting the seconds ‘till the hellhounds came a-knockin’. Again now, there was no plan B. No angel ordered to pull him back onto the board for an apocalypse. No way to cheat the system. Not that he wouldn't try anyway. There was too much at stake. Sam had died again, and again, and if this spell with Rowena had a single chance in hell at working, he would definitely rather die than risk Sam’s life. That was, of course, his main goal, after all, to keep Sam safe. Dean found himself having to remind himself of this each time he accidentally allowed some of the terror back in.
“Ughhhh,” Dean flung his head back against the seat and ran a hand over his mouth. “I don’t wanna.” He chuckled, closing his eyes tight.
“I have to pee.” She stated, suddenly jumping up. Castiel slowly rose from his seat again allowing her to slide out and into the crowd. Castiel eyed her as he sat back down, his brows lowered.
“This box actually says, Henry...” She said as she kicked it, “But, no. The Men of Letters. You’ve never heard of them?” She asked.
“Is now,” she replied, rolling the poster up and placing it atop the clothing in her bag. Deanna watched as Sam zipped the bag and threw it across her shoulder. She took one last look at the dorm room before pursing her lips, sighing, and opening the door. Deanna followed Sam into the hallway, turning to close the door behind her, she walked straight into her sister who stood frozen staring down the hall.
“I’m still convinced that douche was packing a hex bag or something. There’s no way anyone could down that many shots and then still hand me my own ass.” A laugh exploded from Sam as he turned to his brother again.
Ash walked over toward the group of people on the opposite end of the bar as Dean, once again, failed to make eye contact with Castiel as he stood in the corner, his body glued in an irritating angle, toward the back of the room.
having a drink in the most depressing dive bar in all of Heaven because I’m Death and a former demon. So naturally, this is the only joint in this godforsaken place that feels like home. Your real question should actually be, what are
Dean tried his hardest to slowly shut the metal door of the bunker with the utmost silence, his mouth bared all his molars as he flinched while it creaked on its rusty hinges. He walked toe first across the balcony and down the metal stairs, his eyes trained in front of him as he lowered down each step quietly.
"Right, uh, yeah. Sorry about that. Things got a little weird so I figured I'd go with the ol' Irish goodbye, ya know?" There was a rustling sound on the other end of the line that Dean could only assume was the sound of Charlie nodding.
” Deanna’s eyes bulged at the road, she scrunched the last of the burrito into the wrapper and placed it in the brown bag at her feet. “You wanna smoke
The drawing was, Dean realized, the exact image he had received from Jack just over two weeks ago when he had first arrived in heaven. The very one that he had placed in his room by the image of him and his mom. Depicted in crayon, two large black many-winged, many-eyed angels loomed out of the windows of a brick house atop a green hill. Jack grinned up at him from where he sat patiently on his lap. Cas shifted as if intending to set out to their side but Dean turned the paper around for Cas to see from where he sat.
Dean was ready. He found himself filled with a new kind of adrenalin spurring him forward, keeping his heart steady. He would take out as many of the Vamp-mimes as he could before he bit it. After all, even if Chuck was no longer the real big bad in this story, the victims were still very real; their lives still very much in danger.
miss Sam.” Jack declared. Pushing the humanoid figure toward Dean and adding two branching shapes to the back of it.
“I mean… Better, I guess? You look like butch-wear Barbie.” Deanna groaned, flinging her arms down, and turned back toward the mirror. Sam stood, placing her hairbrush into the duffle bag atop her bed. She adjusted her neoprene corset atop her black flare-sleeve dress.
“I loved him, Dean”. He sighed and turned around again to look his half brother in the eye. “I loved him and you guys let him die like he was
“Uh, yeah.” She cleared her throat, “Um, I’m looking for my sister... Is Sam here?” The man, confusion plastered upon his face, turned toward the room behind him as he opened the door wide to reveal a tall woman with long brown hair dressed in dark casual attire, rising from a chair to look over the man's shoulder.
The night continued the same, Deanna avoided talking as Samantha cried. Eventually, Sam passed out and Deanna pulled the blanket out from where it lay, trapped beneath her sister, and placed it gently upon her in a futile attempt to stop her from shaking. She also placed a pillow underneath Sam's head, lifting it slowly and trying not to wake her. D then climbed into the bed beside her sister, the lights still on, the colt clasped in her hand, and attempted to get some rest. Throughout the night Sam’s sporadic ragged breaths in her sleep caused the oldest Winchester’s eyes to spring open and her grip to tighten around the gun each time she’d seemed to start to drift off.
“Cool,” Dean nodded. “Cool. And, uh, if Sam happens to ask you somehow... I have a plan.” He swallowed hard and sat back down in front of the puzzle. He placed the clipboard and pen down beside him in the long grass before remembering that Rebecca may want the clipboard back. She smiled as he lifted it, and himself, up from the ground halfway, then shook her head and pointed to the desk, signaling for him to keep it beside him. He shrugged.
“Demon. The one that got mom.” She sniffed, dragging her gaze up toward her sister. Sam’s breath caught.
It took less than no time to find the new potential target and scope out their house. Dean hadn’t even noticed that the sun had set. He was deep in conversation with Sam, one eye on the house, as it had crept its way beyond the horizon, for what would be Dean's last sunset. Hours passed. Sam's booming laugh reverberated through the impala at Dean’s lame jokes. Sam rolled his eyes at Dean’s actually funny jokes. Everything was as it had always been.
"Uhh," Sam huffed, trying to get his brother's attention. "Are you thinking an IV?" Sam asked considering the amount of blood he could see upon the trenchcoated man before him. Dean didn't respond. He just continued to take in the man lying on the bed. "Dean?" Sam pressed gently. If things were as bad as Jack had said he wondered why his brother wasn't springing into action. It wasn't like Dean to freeze under pressure.
Cas is a Transformer. Dean is a Duck. They both sit in grass taller than them and avoid talking about their feelings.
“Well, a hidden base, I’m pretty sure”, Sam stated and nodded toward the entrance to a bunker buried in a steep muddy hill beside an old abandoned building. Deanna’s eyes narrowed.
"I'm in love with you, man". He inhaled a huge breath, smiled, and shrugged nonchalantly. Chuckling, he shook his head, "Have been since…" he closed one eye as the other looked off to the side, puffing out air from his cheeks, "...pshhtt... forever?" He laughed. "I don't know when exactly." He swallowed and glanced at Castiel's face, noting how it had frozen into that damn frustratingly unreadable expression again. "Yeah…" he raised his brows and nodded to himself. "I know that you said something back before you kicked it... and that was just some sort of deathbed mixup or whatever but…" he sighed again and opened his arms displaying his hands and shimmying them "Ta-dah". He chuckled. Castiel sat there staring at him, still unmoving, still emotionless. Dean’s mouth twitched downwards. "I'd offer to move out and sleep in Baby but she's in the fifties so I'm gonna have to wait until I can get a lift back there…" he squinted at the statue that had once been his closest friend, "If that's okay?" Still no response, Castiel pulled his brows together and stared blankly at the space between the two of them. Dean scoffed and leered at Cas, licking his lips in annoyance and nodding. "Okay... cool then. Thanks." he bit sarcastically as he rose from his seat and began to make his way to his bedroom.
“Yikes. Sorry. That’s pretty funny. I have to admit I am glad he’s not with you, though”. The man looked unwaveringly into Dean's eyes as he drank the remaining quarter of his beer. Dean’s eyebrows shot up and his mouth fell open for a brief moment at the realization that he was being hit on. He blinked and closed his mouth, trying to feign composure.
“Okay”, she said, curling her hand into a fist, “You gotta get out of here, ask the chick at the desk if you can borrow her phone, call 911” she pushed herself in between her sister and the wall and tried to maneuver her head in line with where her sister was staring blankly, eyes impossibly wide, at the rendered surface in front of her. “Tell them you’re Christine McVie, the usual,” Deanna raised her voice, “Sam! You hear me?!” she grabbed her sister's shoulder, hard.
“We think he must have. Nobody else has claimed it as their work”. Cas answered from where he now sat on Jack's bed.
“Please.” Mary chimed. The waitress read back their whole order and once content that she had written it all down correctly, she let them know that “there shouldn’t be too much of a wait” and headed back toward the kitchen.
Now, Dean stared at his black laptop screen thinking it over. His rage had taken over from his grief. He would save his brother one last time, even if it was the last thing he ever did.
“I get it”. Cas grunted. “I saw Jack there, in the empty. I need to speak to him. Have you seen him? Did he make it out?” Gabriel and Balthazar looked at each other again.
"Nice to see Death hasn't changed you, Dean", Michael nodded curtly toward him and handed Adam a hotdog, before unwrapping his own.
“Charlie told me you’d already mentioned that you were going.” Dean chuckled to himself humorlessly.
“How’d it happen?” Sam’s voice was barely audible over the loud hectic rhythm. Deanna’s hands shook as she sculled the rest of her second drink, she placed the glass down upon the table and caught her breath before replying.
“Still… I feel like it’s a huge life event that I missed out on”. Dean rolled his eyes and took his phone from his jacket pocket.
After Sam’s breathing turned to some resemblance of normal, she was able to find the page Deanna had referred to and copied the address into her phone's GPS. She flipped a few pages of their father's journal, skimming the contents, before, at the instruction of Deanna, she put it away, back in its place in the glove compartment. Deanna insisted that perhaps Sam should wait until she was feeling better to start delving through their father's mind. Sam seemed to agree, much to D’s relief.
with you.” He continued, shaking his head some more, his grey curls bouncing around his shoulders. “And I know you are aware otherwise you wouldn’t have chosen such specific words in your thinly masked attack toward me yesterday.
“Whatever. Point is, I’m going to sleep. So, you won.” Dean flashed his brows and sauntered off out of the room.
“I’m not laughing” Castiel's voice was gentle, he stood as close as he could to Dean, his back angled against the crowd. “Do you want me to help you?” Castiel asked softly. He’d learned from the last time he’d tried to cure Dean Winchester's panic attack without asking first. Dean nodded and slid his hand down from its grip on Cas’s forearm into his hand, their fingers intertwined. Cas smiled tenderly. Dean rested his forehead on the angel's shoulder as Castiel’s grace trickled into him through his fingertips, he sighed feeling the euphoria flooding his mind, and relaxed muscles he hadn’t even realized he had been tensing. Dean felt the exact moment Cas’s grace receded, the angelic elation inside of him faded almost as soon as it had begun, leaving Dean with a shot of oxytocin. Dean lifted his head, his eyes boring into Castiel’s, sky blue and full of love. The crowd seemed to fade away as if the two of them were alone on the crowded street. He planted a quick kiss on Cas’s lips and grinned.
The silence grew between the three of them as Jesse's eyes flicked between the two sisters. Deanna fixed her gaze upon her younger sister, watching as Sam's face slowly contorted into a look of pure grief. Sam exhaled sharply and rose from her place on the chair.
“Yeah, I bet I could run laps around you now.” She grinned up at him. Dean managed a smile in return.
“You are!” Cas smiled up at them, “Jack look who it is. What do you think, shall we give Azrael a turn at getting a makeover, now?” The braided angel didn’t even spare Dean a glance as they passed the new letter to him behind her back and crouched down to the position they had just been in only moments before.
Dean opened the door to Jack's bedroom and froze. His mind raced as his eyes scanned the visuals around him. He hesitantly took a step into the room, his boots sinking ever so slightly into the grass where the concrete floor had once been.
“It's nice to meet you, Castiel. I’ve heard good things”. Dean’s heart hammered in time with each millisecond that passed, while Castiel stood staring at John’s outstretched hand. Castiel looked blankly at Dean, then to Mary, then back at John’s hand, before coming to a rest on Dean again.
3. He could sell the bunker, quit The Life, finally open his own mechanic's and find some interesting enough, faceless, leggy ball-and-chain to settle down with.
Dean looked back at Jack in the rearview mirror, his mouth agape, barely able to comprehend what was happening. He had a million questions. He wanted to scream at the boy, he… he…?
“It's okay, Jack. I can just watch.” Rebecca smiled. She made a note in the A4 book she had placed upon her lap. Dean came to the conclusion that this Rebecca was perhaps whatever the Godly alternative of a child psychologist was.
“It’s not your fault, you know. Dad, he knew how this whole thing was gonna go down. Sure, maybe he hoped he’d gank the thing that killed mom first, but at the end of the day, even he knew how this was gonna end.” Sam’s lip wobbled and she exhaled deeply, turning her head away. Deanna’s mouth formed a thin line as pulled her sister toward her, placed her arms around her shoulders, and hugged her against herself. She felt Samantha’s body shaking up and down quickly beneath her, in time with her sobs. Deanna rocked her sister, gently rubbing her back as they stood in the middle of the sidewalk. The only sounds were her sister's ragged breaths, distant chatter, and the muffled throbbing of faraway music. After a moment Sam sniffed hard and pulled back, smiling sadly at her sister.
“You said you meant it.” He reminded Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and lolled his head back against the booth, staring unfocused at the spinning ceiling. He shook his head and plopped it back down to look at Cas.
Dean noticed the familiar, slightly lifted, slightly absent, heavenly churning of his stomach as he counted down the minutes until Penemue would arrive. He’d left the Galileo puzzle unfinished and when Kelly arrived, Dean stood staring blankly at Castiel (his hair now back to normal and his face stickerless), Kelly, and Jack, while they worked on the few remaining pieces of the puzzle together. When the time came for the angel's shift to end, Rebecca gave the four of them a joint wave and disappeared.
“D. I don’t think I can do this,” She muttered. Deanna's brows pulled together as she glanced over at her sister.
"It's okay. I get it." And he honestly did. Castiel was his family. He would always have him and for that he was grateful. Dean and Sam, maybe once they were close to him but there's no coming back from manslaughter no righting that wrong-
"I'm still teaching I.T. once a month," He corrected. Dean nodded. He hoped that their combined knowledge would be enough to keep the kids safe if the bad guys started appearing again. He made a mental note to check in with all the hunters this evening, see if everyone seemed up to scratch, and ask if he could help out in any way. Dean was miles away when Jack spoke up again, stopping his thoughts.
“I’m guessing Michael isn't walking around looking like Adam now, right? Now that Adam’s, uh, like... an angel?” Cas nodded.
“Auto brightness my ass”, he mumbled croakily to himself as he typed the name of their hotel into his maps app. After dragging his heavy feet three blocks he found the location he had visited the day before, fumbled with the lock for a moment, and gently opened the door, placing his keys on the table by the door slowly and silently as he possibly could and making a b-line toward the bathroom.
“Wait,” Dean murmured and pulled himself back. He swallowed and tried to concentrate on letting the blood flow back toward his brain. “I’m sorry for earlier, for everything, really. I’ve been going crazy… like, all of this shit?! I can take on another apocalypse but all the emotional crap’s gonna be the thing to finally drive me over the edge”. Castiel chuckled, his warm breath floated against Dean's lips.
“Exactly,” Cas stated in earnest while pulling up the brakes and switching off the car. Dean unbuckled himself and turned to open the car door.
"Do not worry. I know who you are. Feel free to just ignore me. I am merely here to observe." She said nodding and raising her book. Castiel looked smugly back at Dean as if she'd just proved why he hadn't introduced the two earlier. Dean rolled his eyes and placed the barbie sitting down in the grass, leaning against his leg, and stood the transformer up in his hands. He lowered his voice.
!” Cas exclaimed, “Not for me-- I would never...” he trailed off at the sight of Dean relaxing a little at this.
“Yes. It seems you feel most at peace in the Impala.” Cas confirmed. Dean tilted his head and pulled his mouth in at one corner, considering this. “What is it?”
“Oh, no deal. No. You’ve misjudged me, Dean. I am merely suggesting that you should be back at the bunker, looking for a workaround, and yet here you are, the closest to hell you can possibly get in heaven, drinking-- What is that?--” He peered at Dean’s glass, “A Mai Tai-- and listening to The fifties version of bloody Morrissey!”
"I… uhh..." Dean jumped. He shut his eyes tight trying not to swear. He gently placed his fist against the table as if he was ready to fight whatever had snuck up on him.
“Yeah. No, sure! Let's go hang out with the cast of Euphoria. We can all pour one out for dad together between talking about our podcasts, and swapping stories relieving the good ol’ days.” She replied sarcastically. Sam pushed her last drink toward her sister and stood.
“Sam,” Deanna whispered, “slower. You look suss” Sam sniffed and turned her head slightly, just in time to see the female cop lift her hand and knock on room number twenty-three. The two sisters turned the corner and ran as quietly as they could toward the window. Sam pulled up the glass framework and stood aside as if gesturing for her sister to go first. Deanna lifted herself onto the metal balcony and leaned herself into the corner, making room for Sam who folded herself in half and climbed out onto the platform beside her. Deanna pulled the rusted metal ladder down and cringed as its joints scraped against itself, squealing loudly as it reached the ground. Sam's eyes were wide with fear from the noise for a moment before she mentally shook herself and climbed down toward the ground. Deanna stood by the window peering through the glass, manically glancing between the hallway and her sister, once Sam made it to the alleyway Deanna raced toward the ladder herself, scurrying down it while her hands and legs shook beneath her. She pushed off and jumped from the fifth last rung and landed awkwardly jarring her ankle.
“Shut your insolent mouth for five minutes, you swine!” Penny shook his head, his eyes wild as if it was now taking everything he had, to not to start throwing punches. Dean rolled his eyes and bowed, grandly, sweeping his arms out to the side, imploring the angel to continue. “Castiel has watched angels
to be this version of himself, right? Nobody did this to him? Why'd he just up and choose to Benjamin Button himself; become a freakin' infant Mother Teresa?" He sighed and turned toward Cas, trying to ignore the pit still very annoyingly present in his stomach, "He didn't like the shit I said, so he just decided to forget all about it? I ain't buyin' it." Castiel shook his head and opened his mouth to reply but Dean cut him off "--And don't think I did notice you didn't answer me about the Council.” Castiel grinned, bewildered and Dean frowned, squinting at his resolve in confusion.
“I have too.” he admitted “I just… I don’t know. It wasn’t important, ya know? We always had more important shit to deal with and with Sam always being around and--” he swallowed and turned on his back so he was staring at the ceiling again, “I don’t know. I mean it
“I just wish I could have been there.” he sighed. “You're my brother, Dean, it would have been nice to be there to celebrate with you,” Dean smirked.
“Okay, well, just wait, and then you’ll see why I can’t shut up about it.” She laughed, her face displaying her best attempt at being stern.
Castiel sat upon his knees and looked to his memory’s form beside himself and noticed that it too, had stopped moving. He wondered for a quick moment if perhaps the empty had taken pity on him, or if maybe he had lived out his sentence and now he would finally rest in a peaceful dreamless slumber for eternity, or die and give his energy to the monster that presided over this afterlife.
“Yeah, no.” Lucifer shrugged, “It’s not looking good, buddy.” He pulled an archangel blade from his pocket and smiled down at where Cas lay. As his smile grew so did he, his form expanded; his six wings, covered with eyes, unfurling in a display of power.
, Dean. Even if he did, he’s just a kid, a baby, and I really was just in the wrong place at the wrong time… plus he did warn me to leave him alone”. She smiled sadly at her son. “Just-- Please don’t tell me you blamed him for my death.” Dean looked at his mom and swallowed. She shook her head and sighed, the ghost of a knowing smile played at her lips.
Dean’s internal monologue repeated on a loop as he tightly gripped the Impala’s steering wheel and completed his fifth lap of the area, in search of a parking space. The city was huge and the segment that they'd chosen as the location for the festival backed onto a beach. People dressed in all sorts of colorful glittering outfits wandered out onto the main road with very little care, resulting in Baby’s horn getting an extreme workout.
you and I finally head on home.” He laughed. Castiel lowered his brow and cocked his head to the side in confusion as he studied Dean's face, then his head slowly righted itself, and his face grew into an exacerbated smile as he realized, Dean had done it; he'd already figured out his one way of getting back home.
"What are you doing?" Castiel's voice spoke from where he was seated, watching, from the map table. Dean straightened up in a jolt and exhaled sharply.
“You want to go round two?” Dean asked somewhat breathlessly as he felt himself harden. Cas nodded as he leaned down meeting Dean halfway. The pair's mouth’s joined in a kiss.
“Come on, Dean. It’s time to go.” Crowly appeared, extending his hand toward Dean as the scene around them froze. On Crowley's finger, a white stone ring flashed under the moonlight.
"Cool", Dean cleared his throat, "Cool… we, uh, we should go to bed and kiss some more… right?" Dean's eyes narrowed, his anxiety suddenly returning as if Cas hadn't continuously just spent the whole night making every chick flick Dean had ever seen now seem like they had embarrassingly lackluster declarations of love.
“Yeah, Rowena read me the terms and conditions”. Dean’s voice was quiet as he poured himself another glass of bourbon.
“You wanna tell me what all of that was about, in there?” Dean asked, breaking their silence. Castiel’s face became immediately unreadable.
“Yeah, uh, have you got anything that comes in some kind of fruit? Like, maybe a coconut or something?” He asked, filling his glass again.
“Doing what, Jack?” Cas asked, ripping his eyes from Dean and pulling Jack’s blue flannel pajama shirt down from where it had risen over his belly. Jack looked toward Dean knowingly. Then the three of them exchanged looks of uncertainty between them.
After what felt like about an hour, driving aimlessly along back roads, Dean found his way into a town, buildings and houses rose out both windows, and traffic littered the streets. This new area was bursting with life: people walking dogs, going for runs, unpacking groceries from their cars, sitting out the front of cafes sipping at coffees, and standing in a queue, waiting at the atm. Dean searched for any familiar faces as he slowed the Impala to a generous crawl. He boarded on self-inflicted whiplash as peered through all windows and mirrors of the car, hoping to find anyone he recognized.
“I fucking hate heights”. She said as she lifted her ankle and rolled it around in circles. Sam pushed at the ladder shaking her head at her sister. The metal screamed once more as their exit disappeared back up into the sky. “This way,” Deanna gestured with her head back toward the street, turning and walking as aloofly as she could manage, only looking back once she had crossed the street, to ensure that Sam was indeed following her and hadn’t fallen back into a sobbing heap in the middle of the street.
“Trust me, you didn’t miss anything. We forked out for room service and an expensive bottle of champagne, Cas got wasted on two glasses like a freakin' cheerleader on prom night, and passed out.” He grinned remembering fondly.
The night was winding down and after receiving a “Thank you” and “Sorry” from Pastor Jim and a few inappropriate remarks from Pamela, the Roadhouse, that had once been bursting with vibrant life, was now a dwindling drunken shit show. Dean sat at the bar again after making his way around the room stopping by to check on
"So…" The angel squinted at him. "Do I need to visit your father in the morning to make reparations?" He sniffed and avoided Dean's eyes. Dean laughed and sighed deeply.
“Uh, wait a minute, hey! No.” He began as she ducked out into the night air, the freezing wind slapping her in the face. She blinked as her eyes began to burn from the cold, and pulled on her brown jacket while Sam waited impatiently to the side of the concrete path.
“That's okay, Jack maybe next time”. They grinned, as they wandered over toward where Dean stood with his arm extended. The young angel took the letter and disappeared from the room in the sound of whipping wings in the air.
“Well thanks! It’s good to be back. I’m glad you remember me, buddy, after all you did, taking on the empty like that? It's good to see you're still kicking.” Jack looked confused again and his whole body became slack as he lifted his arms up, signaling for Dean to place him back down on the ground.
“It was the demon that got mom and dad, wasn’t it?” Sam asked, her voice barely above a whisper. Deanna nodded slowly and her heart burned in her chest. “And now it's coming for us?” D swallowed hard, her eyes searching her baby sisters. She nodded again, slower this time. “Why?” Sam asked. Deanna eyed the small white threads that made up the pillowcase beside her.
Dean walked over to the boot and withdrew his keys from his jacket pocket (that he had only just nervously placed inside it) and opened the cache. Immediately, his eyes landed on the small wooden box in the corner that he had never actually had a chance to use. He lifted a ninja star from the box, flashing it in Sam’s direction.
Dean Winchester and decided that it wasn't his cup of joe. Dean put his head in his hands and rubbed at his eyes.
“Well, about that.” Sam lifted a scrap of paper from the box. “I’m not sure exactly but surely but I found some coordinates in the bottom of this box.” She shrugged, “Could be worth checking out”. Deanna nodded.
“Not that one. The Emma one.” Dean sighed. “It was a bit different. Started out waking up six feet under this time and
been in your head many, many times. I've even seen you think about me in your dreams, remember?” Dean opened his mouth to reply but Castiel continued, cutting him off, “--However, I did also feel the shame surrounding your feelings about me.” Dean glanced down at his feet, his brows knitted together as he felt a pang of guilt run through his stomach, “It was all incredibly confusing so please excuse me if I didn’t pick up on the fact that asking me to eat
“Well, this is just horrifically depressing”. Dean’s head snapped, startled, toward the familiar voice. Towering over him stood a man in blue denim jeans, a black shirt, and a dark green jacket.
“Yes. Hello Cas, It’s me!” Jack stated as if Castiel could have possibly forgotten. He rushed forward as Castiel pulled himself up off the concrete floor.
"We’re staying here, right?” Deanna asked, “Cursed or not? Surely there's no way this place could have any bad juju though. It's fuckin’ awesome”. Sam shrugged and pointed to a series of sigils on the floor.
“Yeah.” Cas smiled sadly from where he sat on the bed, unsure if he should ask Dean if he had considered what the angel had considered; terrified that if he mentioned his thoughts out loud Dean may lose his only chance at ever finding true peace.
…” Sam huffed and pursed his lips. Dean rolled his eyes and continued “Honestly, Sammy, I’m more worried about the mess you and Eileen's new lawyer buddies are gonna get up to.” Dean stated, raising his brows, mocking his younger brother.
Dean rummaged in the glove box as Sam turned the keys in the ignition bringing the engine to life, the accustomed purr filled Dean's heart with a subconscious feeling of security. Sam backed out of the garage and allowed the engine to lull for a moment while he pushed at the button on the keys, causing the roller door to groan as it slowly lowered itself closed. Dean pulled out a thin strip of silver and flashed it quickly at Sam.
“Why are you bringing this up now?” Dean asked, narrowing his eyes in irritation as he shifted his weight and placed his hands in his pockets.
“Yeah.” Sam assured, “D‘Jack go to bed?” Dean nodded. “Good. He looked awful”. Sam declared, before clearing his throat. He was cautious as he continued. “Cas’ all patched up and should be fine now.” he took the bottle back from his brother and took a shot, gently exhaling at the resulting burn in his throat as it made his way up his now bruised nose. “It’s not like he hasn’t been through worse.” Dean nodded absentmindedly. His brother handed the bottle to him again and he took another swig before passing it back. “You gonna go take the first watch or should I?” Dean considered for a moment. A million thoughts ran through his head.
“I--” He stared at the fields through the window across from him again. “Angels have never had homes until now, having no need to rest, or eat, or even be entertained. I have been staying at the bunker with Jack, but I’m happy to relocate. I want you to be able to feel comfortable”. The silence grew as Cas continued to attempt to look interested in the dark, empty grass paddocks outside. Dean resumed staring at him, completely perplexed. The corners of Dean's mouth lifted as he shook his head, brows still notched.
"You've been avoiding Jody" Dean had to give it to her, she was damned determined. "I know that you know that Sam offered her the bunker." Dean stared at the wall in front of him, completely frozen. He swallowed down the guilt before responding.
Dean remembered Cas’s lifeless body after Lucifer had run him through with an angel blade. Sam tried to help him lift Cas into the lakehouse but Dean pushed him away, frantically guarding his body. He remembered standing by Cas’s corpse waiting, hoping, believing that he would return before they could burn his body.
“What do you know, Jack? You-- You know what we’re gonna ask, don’t you?” Dean asked hesitantly. Jack hobbled back from Cas, smiled, and placed his hands over his mouth.
“That was a close one”. She grinned widely at the road in front of her, her heart beating a million miles per hour. Samantha let out a single humorless laugh.
The two went to work cleaning the place, each of them claiming a room as they went. When satisfied with their job they retreated to their bedrooms and passed out.
He had told Charlie about Cas before the two of them had met and she seemed to immediately start, not so subtly, dropping hints about how “dreamy” or “handsome” he seemed based on Dean’s descriptions alone, which would have been totally fine... if she wasn't a raging lesbian. She clearly saw
“Don’t worry about it”. Dean mumbled into Cas’s neck. After a short moment of waiting in vain for Cas’s arm to find its way back to him like a fleshy seatbelt, Dean pulled his arm back and propped himself up on his elbows, squinting up at Cas. Castiel stared at Dean, eyes flicking across his face, searching him. “Morning, sunshine”. Dean said, clearing his throat. Castiel, his hair sticking up at all angles, adjusted the pillow behind him slightly and pulled himself up into a sitting position.
“You don’t belong here, nobody belongs here. This place? It’s horrible, please...” Jack began, he looked uncertain, “--please, father.” Castiel swallowed hard.
"Just tell them or I will" Stevie stated, from the other end of the table. The pork Dean was so eager to devour earlier looked like something he would feed to Miracle, he decided, as he shoveled the mountain of potato on his plate on top of it to hide it from his eye line.
"Dean. Sorry about all that earlier with your Dad and 👼Castiel👼. I've had some words with him so hopefully, he'll be on his best behavior tomorrow night. The place is called "Heavenly Burgers" 💩 name, I know, but it's good, I swear. I'm personally skipping lunch so I have enough room for two 🍔🍔 🤫. Meet us at 6:00 pm so we have time to catch up. Looking forward to seeing you! 😜”
As if that was the magic word, Dean dragged his chair back and snapped out of his negative thoughts. A flame of hope flickered alive deep in his chest. He’d done impossible things before, in fact, that was his specialty.
“It theoretically wanes over time... but I also heard that’s just a lie big pharma pedals to get people to buy more”.
“Well, I mean, uh, I’m a soul now, right? I’m really just a floating ball of light, so, like, how is it that I’m able to even pick up a glass, let alone drink anything without a mouth or stomach? We can’t even take a leak unless we specifically want to, right?” Cas shook his head.
“Not to be a huge baby or anything but do you mind, not leaving me right now? I’m kind of freaking out about the whole “
book... your okay, alright? We’re good, man, really.” He sighed, “Now, you gonna shout me a Death Day bottle of the top shelf stuff, or did you really just come over here to get me to absolve yourself of some guilt?” Mick laughed shakily, raising his brows.
“You know in my experience a child won't gain anything worthwhile from a parental figure who uses humor as a juvenile, not to mention overtly transparent, defense mechanism". Penny commented calmly from behind him, his voice low enough for nobody else to hear.
“What the hell’s his problem?” John grunted at Dean as he slid into the booth beside him. Mary slid into the seat across from Dean, where Cas had just been. She eyed Dean.
hea-- who am I kidding, of course, you have. Why's it always gotta be men, by the way?” Deanna sighed. Sam smirked and nodded at her sister's comment before replying.
of the metal head into the dirt, the shuffling sound, the slide, then the toss of the dirt landing somewhere else, vibrating suppressed through the ground. Eventually Metal met metal, he heard the shovels being thrown aside, hands brushing hurriedly against the top of the box, and then finally, with a groan of rusted hinges, Dean was met by the blinding light of the morning sun.
“You made it!” She shouted back, releasing Dean, then throwing her arms around Castiel, “I thought you guys weren't coming for a minute there!” Castiel huffed out a laugh and gave Dean a sideways glance.
“Not telling you, that you were the most,” Cas sighed, “exceptional man I had ever met, and that I never went on to meet anybody who could possibly hold a candle to you, that was one of my most common dreams in the empty; one of my biggest regrets”. Dean pulled his mouth into a sad smile.
“Sam, I--” Deanna swallowed in an attempt to coat her throat. “I couldn’t. You know I couldn’t” Sam shook her head as it fell into her hands. Sobs ripping through her body. “I’m so sorry, Sam. In an area that crowded--” She cleared her throat, “I had to focus on getting out of there. I had to focus on keeping
you could open this place back up,” Dean’s hands gestured to the library walls and war room around them, “Take your place as the Chief again,” Sam's eyes scanned around the room as if transported back in time by his imagination. A warmth spread across Dean's chest at the sight. “You could even quit the life completely, grow your hair down to your toes, and become a corporate douchebag”. Sam rolled his eyes, Dean chucked, “Point is Sammy, there's endless possibilities for you now.” Sam frowned.
"There's a place a few blocks away." She replied and swiveled around on her foot, her long black skirt swishing around her calves as she trudged down the sidewalk in the opposite direction from where Jesse had vanished.
The two sisters explored the bunker together, guns raised, head high. They pulled open each door that they came across, searching the corners of the rooms, under the beds, in the cupboards, the showers, behind the gym equipment, and around each and every nook and cranny they could find. The place seemed to be empty, not only that, but it appeared to be coated in a layer of dust, thick enough to assume that nobody had been there in a long time. Now, Samantha and Deanna sat in the library, their eyes wide as they grinned at each other.
that?” she repeated. Dean's eyes wandered from his arm to Charlie's face, over to the corner where the Angels stood. Cas was facing him now, his brows furrowed and his head tilted, his eyes bore into Dean’s. Dean lowered his sleeve and moved his head back to face Charlie, before ripping his eyes from Cas’s. He swallowed. Charlie followed to where his gaze had been, her eyes widened. “I know what that is! It’s in those Carver Edland books!” Dean rolled his eyes. He didn’t know if anyone had updated Charlie on all of the Chuck crap but he couldn’t get into all of that right now, he couldn’t handle it. He shook his head and rubbed at the scar on his shoulder.
“That's better,” Cas stated when he was satisfied, glancing between Charlie’s astonished look and Dean’s captivated one. “It’s roughly the equivalent of one shot”. He explained to Charlie.
Deanna knocked a sweaty hand against the door numbered twenty-three. She pulled her fist down from the old wood, keeping it balled up, clenching and unclenching it as she shook her leg nervously, her ankle twisting up and down in her heeled shoe. She swallowed hard as the seconds passed, attempting to coat her dry throat. She heard footsteps approaching from the other side of the doorway. The door swung open and a tall man in a long, brown wig, and dressed in a white unruly wedding dress peered down at her. He regarded Deanna before speaking.
“Does ash gourd go in Pasta?” Castiel asked, pulling back and running his hands over Dean’s backside.
Dean strode into the hallway and let out the breath he hadn't realized he had been holding. He ran his hands through his hair and leaned against the wall feeling his legs give way. He shook his head, trying to clear it, and ran his hand across his cleanly shaved face. His knuckles ached still from punching his brother the day before.
? I mean maybe it’s just me, but surely they could have given you a Dreamscape complete with a drink of rum in a pineapple, or coconut, or some kind of fruit, and our-- or, uh--
“Well, they do say that death sneaks up on you.” Dean rolled his eyes and tried to have another go at drinking the fruity drink in silence.
“Oh,” Simon cut him off and nodded, “Just Castiel?” Dean shook his head slightly, grinning to himself.
“No. I could never be God, Castiel, all I can do is try and fix His mistakes.” Castiel smiled at this.
“I guess I just figured you’d burn it with his body” she explained, turning it over in one hand, examining it in awe.
“Oh yeah, that. I did.” Dean realized by his brother's tone that he quite possibly harbored some resentment about this. “When Chuck blew up Michael, he kind of wasted me... for good. I ended up in heaven. Thanks for mourning me by the way”, Adam walked over to the wall and leaned against it. “...Again”. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Mmm, Nah. Life's short. It’s good you called her”, he mumbled, barely coherent, toothbrush still in his mouth. Sam flushed the toilet.
“I have learned a lot over the years but I’d like to think that my inclination toward swindling games of chance came
“I’m something…” He shrugged, “I love Cas. Does the rest really matter?” Penny still seemed confused.
“Yeah, I’m still looking for the right muse,” he said, placing his hands into a square and stepping back to view the blank canvas through his fingers.
“I mean if there was ever a time to drink fifty-four bottles of whiskey I would have loved it to have seen
Dean felt restless. He could feel the seconds ticking by and tried in vain to ignore them. He felt itchy, fidgety. He looked around at his room before deciding to make his bed to keep his hands busy. As he threw his nightgown from his bed to his chair, he tried to further convince himself that he had nothing to stress about. What, he wondered, could possibly happen at 11:59 am that would convince him that Jack had truly visited him in his sleep? Maybe a burning bush will appear before him. One of the OG Gods classic signs. That’d have to be it, he decided. Although he recalled a time when Lucifer had tricked Sam with a burning bush, nothing less would assure him of the doom Jack promised in his dream… If that even was truly Jack... He hastily plopped his pillow back at the head of the bed and pulled his covers up. Dean had made his decision, a dream was all it was, PTSD, maybe, but there was no way in hell Jack had truly visited him last night. He ran his hand over his hair, trying to tame it, and pulled his door behind him as he left his room.
Finally, after being a whole ten minutes late, Penny arrived in a thrashing of wings and without looking around he got to work transforming the center of the room into a creative space for Jack’s daily art therapy. Dean shot a look at Cas, who nodded encouragingly at him in response. He attempted to swallow the air in his throat and stared at the grey-haired angel as he opened the playdough containers he'd just summoned from thin air.
“Dean”. She smiled, pulling back, her hands placed upon his shoulders. The soft floral scent of her hair was just as familiar in heaven as it was on earth.
“Are you ready to order?” she asked, flipping open a little book and retrieving a pen from her apron. Mary looked up at the boys expectantly. Dean nodded in reply and John shrugged.
Dean watched Charlie’s red hair duck through the remaining group of people around the bar, before she settled on a stool, and started chatting to Jo. Dean slid his hand across the table, coming to a rest on Cas’, getting his attention. He positioned himself so his head lined up with Cas’s and pointed behind the angel's shoulder. Castiel turned and followed Dean's finger to where Charlie sat at the bar. Dean chuckled.
“You know”, Sam began turning back toward her older sister, the warm light reflecting in her eyes, “We actually got in for half price because of Brandy.” She chuckled as her sister's eyes widened in shock.
“Cas!” He called hoarsely into the nothingness. “Cas, help!” his hands scratched at the box clawing across the sides, his nails bending back and bleeding as the skin peeled away. Eventually, his eyes began to adjust to the metal casket around him. The sigils seemed to stare back at him with mirrored horror. The Malak box. Sam had buried him in the Malak box. Dean tried to swallow the bile that had risen in his throat.
“Oh, so that's-- you’re, uh--” Dean swallowed, “fraternize-ing? Like he, uh, his husband-- they, uh, get a free pass now in heaven to… fraternize?” Dean flashed an attempt at a smirk. Castiel narrowed his eyes and tilted his head, before his eyes widened and rolled to the back of his head, dramatically.
In what appeared to be the precise center of the rooftop was a large, bloody pile of disassembled human body parts rearranged to create some kind of monstrous figure, like a many-limbed, grotesque effigy. Severed arms, their fingers all broken into bizarre angles, rose like the back of an unearthly throne, presented uniformly atop a seat of various blood-coated torsos that rested upon a base made of many intersecting legs. Frightened, staring, dismembered heads were placed with care in a neat row facing forward, between their feet. Atop the throne, in the very center of the mutilated statue, sat Jesse. He was more or less in one piece and yet completely nude, and his body had been crudely carved into with a sharp object. His eyes had been poorly removed and the corners of his mouth were cut into a haunting smile, an unmistakable message was carved onto his torso. After the initial shock, Deanna fumbled for her sister as hastily as she could manage and turned her away from the horrific scene but she knew it was already much too late to save her from the visual, not to mention the foul stench.
. Sam buried his body in the Malak box. His breathing started to slow, despite knowing deep down that nothing had really changed, despite knowing that he was still very likely to die again if someone didn’t get to him very soon. He knocked against the metal three times quickly, three times slowly, then three quickly again; Morse code, SOS. “Yo, Cas. You guys gotta speed things up a bit here. Maybe... should have sent me down post grave dig.” He breathed. The sound of what he assumed could only be shovels, seemed to grow closer. The
“I would assume your father wouldn’t have approved of his flamboyant personality or sexual orientation”. Dean laughed as John and Mary walked out of the roadhouse and into the parking lot, their voices echoed goodbyes through the flat open area. Dean and Cas locked eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled to himself. He watched, transfixed, as Jack wandered over and wriggled himself between their two bodies, his mind silently sending a prayer to the small child next to him, pleading that Sam would believe that they were all truly working on some way to bring him back, at least for long enough to buy a little time; at least for long enough that Sam may learn how to live without him.
“He’s still asleep,” Castiel sighed. “It may help that his room is on the other side of the bunker.” he laughed.
“You know what Cas? Thank you.” he nodded, his eyes beginning to sting, “Thanks, wherever you are, for proving me right here, buddy.” Dean ran his hands through his hair.
It didn’t take long for Dean to relax. He’d always been pretty good at adjusting to uncomfortable, or frankly, wack-ass circumstances, and he wondered why he ever thought this would be any different. He was among friends, after all, and it wasn’t like he couldn’t charm the pants off any strangers (literally, however, these days he’d laid that to rest). He now sat buzzed, beer in one hand, and clapping his spare against the bottle at a huge group of men holding a “Twinks from the nineteen-twenties” sign, while they made their way down the street. Cas sat at the back of the beer garden with Jack on his shoulders (so the toddler could see the commotion) and appeared to be in a deep conversation with Kelly and Penemue. While Dean was interested in knowing whatever the hell the group behind him was talking about, he truly was happy enough to just sit and watch the march, occasionally making small talk with Simon, Penemue’s husband.
"You gonna invite me in or…" she trailed off, her eyes narrowed. The man stood aside, leaving the door ajar as if inviting Deanna to enter.
"I would like that very much" Cas grinned and if Dean didn't know any better (which he did) he could have sworn the angel was enjoying watching how easily he could turn him into a flustered bumbling idiot.
“It seemed he was certain he would be a part of the group of angels Jack had come to rescue, given Jack’s forgiving nature and Lucifer’s biological advantage. Rather than help fight the Empty, he took it upon himself to execute his personal vendetta and...” Cas sighed. “I was useless. I did nothing to help further Jack’s infiltration. I barely made it out of there alive. It was bad Dean. It was really bad. I--”. Dean placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder and nodded at him, gruffly.
“My apologies, Dean, Mary, but I’m afraid I can’t exchange pleasantries with you, John”. He stated, and turned away, walking through the remaining clumps of people and out the door. Dean stopped breathing.
“Hey, if all goes well today and not like a Red-Wedding-level shitshow, you might just convince me to renew our vows in a few years just to get you off my back”. Sam sighed audibly and went back to adjusting his tie in the mirror
bleak. You’ve been here, what, a week? And you’ve already given up? I mean, I knew it would be bad but I never thought it would be this bad”. Crowly crowned over the music.
“I... uhh” Dean began smiling unamused. “I’m sorry I choked in there, man.” He wiped his hands over his brows slowly, rested his fingers on his temples for a moment, took a deep breath, and continued, looking at his brother. “I’m sorry for everything lately.” Sam’s mouth formed a thin line as he handed his brother the bottle again. Dean gently pushed it back this time. “Look, Sam, there’s something I never told you”. He stated, blinking up at his brother. He inhaled. “When Cas summoned the Empty… to do it… the deal was, he had to find true happiness” Dean watched as his brother's brow furrowed in confusion. He nodded, tongue against his teeth, and scanned around, choosing which words to use before continuing. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest as he explained “He, uhh, he said it was something he figured he could never have...” he took the whisky bottle from his brother. “He said that he loves me” He trained his eyes on the bottle, before quickly bringing it to his lips and downing a long drink. Sam studied his brother, understanding the gravity of the words. After not immediately receiving a response, Dean raised his eyes and looked at his brother expectantly. Sam’s face didn’t seem shocked, or confused, or disgusted, or even full of pity, like Dean had feared, instead, he just sat there waiting for his brother to continue. “What?” Dean asked.
“Hey, no. That's my seat, this time”, Dean stated, bumping his brother's shoulder and pulling the car door open. He looked at Sam’s uncertain, yet appreciative face and climbed halfway onto the seat while throwing the keys at him. Sam caught the keys one-handed and walked around the front of the Impala before climbing into the driver's side and closing the door with a groan.
