“Until her divorce,” Sherlock added.
If she had been older, he would have said yes. Having a rough shag in the dark outside of a pub was always exciting. He craved the moment when a woman trying to be silent gave in as he touched her just right. Or to see her knees get roughed up as she kneeled for him.
“There’s no helping, it is there?” she finally asked.
Sherlock ignored his question and led the two of them through the front doors, not giving John a moment to protest.
Smoky, green-tinted lighting hung from the ceiling in tiers, doubling as diffusers. A constant plume of steam cascaded downwards, covering any scent and lapping over John’s shoes as he curiously made his way inside. He paused, letting his eyes adjust from the bright of check in to the very low dim of the main floor.
“I can take care of it. I just need Alpha pheromones and a giant piece of silicone to hit my O-gland to trigger the backlog of hormones.”
“The slick I collected yesterday was not enough to synthesize any sort of scent for the flat,” Sherlock continued.
“Pardon?”
“Show off. What are the pins and clips for?”
This entire thing was ridiculous.
“Oh, that doesn’t prove anything. All doctors’ signatures are rubbish.”
Christ.
“We are working on a case where one million will be less than some of the Alphas make in a week. This is mild by their standards. I’ve already taken an uncalculated risk by not grabbing some of the flashier pieces. Ah.” Sherlock flared around. “One last thing.”
Finally, Sherlock closed the gap and spread his lips and sucked.
John wanted to lunge across the table and chin him.
“Want me to touch your useless Omega prick? S’not anywhere as good as mine, is it?” The Alpha punctuated his words with thrusts, carving John apart beneath him.
John whipped his head around. He had not heard Sherlock come up the stairs or open the door. Sherlock made no move to enter. He held out his wrist to John, in a traditional greeting. A snarl curled on John’s face. He did not want an Alpha here.
“He had a dalliance with an Omega in university that was short-lived. Most of his other exploits were during his cocaine binges. It was hard to discern if his habits were preferences or simply a means to an end.”
John replaced his cheeks with his tongue and repeated the process. Up and down with drags of his tongue. Sherlock had also shaved a bit of his cock, right at the base, the stubble was rough. John had missed that with his cheeks. He flicked his tongue around the knot, following the growing curve and bulging veins, his mouth almost touching.
“I ejaculated. I believe enjoying it is a precursor.”
He removed the largest toy he had and eyed it. The green dildo had seen little use over the years. It was designed for a full-on heat with several buttons at the base to adjust knot width and the overall length of the shaft. A bit dangerous. Seeing as the full length mimicked a size Alphas only achieved during an Omega’s heat. If John pressed the wrong button, injuring himself was on the table. Still. It’d probably do.
John snorted. “Sure. You can pay. And I want a nice steak.”
“You should at least serve John.”
He moved up and down carefully at first, letting his inner muscles fully adjust to the stretch. When the stretch became a pleasant burn, he rushed to establish a stable rhythm of fucking himself while jerking on his cock. He’d spent many teenage years perfecting it and he hadn’t indulged in a proper wanking session in months. He deserved it. His head fell back and a steady stream of ums broke from his lips and his legs started to shake.
“With your habits, you’ll indulge tonight at the earliest. Please refrain from using the shower. It’ll make it very hard to collect any.”
John opened the medicine cabinet in the loo and grabbed his last pill packet. The pills had become smaller as he aged and the cases had changed into the cheap cardboard packaging like the rest of the drugs offered at the chemist's. His current packet had nine pills. Eight, if he downed one today. His thumb ran over the bumps. That was barely a week left. After that, he had a small cushion of time as his body worked through the extra hormones remaining in his system.
“So,” John said. “Want to be a bit cheeky?”
“Is everyone going to be shooting up? I don’t want to spend my evening in a high-end drug den.”
“That’ll definitely get us arrested.”
“We’re supposed to be out to lunch,” John said.
Scenting, in theory, was easy. A natural everyday occurrence that John should participate in as an Omega. The problem was Betas didn’t. They didn’t rub themselves over random household furniture or drag items against their wrists. They didn’t reaffirm relationships by touching cheeks and inviting people to have a go at their neck.  Maybe the odd case of returning a gesture from an Alpha colleague. But otherwise, nothing.
“Some poor bird got chopped up by her boyfriend and buried in a bunch of flower planters,” John said in return.
“It was tedious and an extraordinary waste of time,” Sherlock said.
The excessive gems on O-Lariats twinkled and glowed as Omegas moved throughout the club, grazing over the Alphas that flaunted themselves. John was suddenly very aware of what he was wearing.
Sherlock picked up one chip and bit the end off. He chewed then popped the rest in his mouth. John ignored the curl of pleasure at Sherlock eating food John gave him.
“Aids?” Lestrade asked.
“Do you think it was Henry’s family or the Alpha that suggested the autopsy switch?”
“When was the last time you had an unsuppressed heat?”
Thankfully, Sherlock’s chest proved to be the easiest part and gave John breathing room. He only had to skim over it, most of the work having been done at the neck. The last bit was the hardest.
“It’s true,” Sherlock said with a shrug.
“We’re leaving. I’ll do a favor. Several.”
He wove their fingers together and pulled John closer and it was suddenly very clear. Their scent glands pressed together with both of their shirts rolled up and every little shift encouraged their scents to mix. It was very distracting. John licked his lips, Sherlock seemed unphased.
Mr. Talbot said nothing to John’s question. John couldn’t believe it. These two were no better than Hamish. He wondered if they paraded Alphas around Henry like Hamish had. He always brought Alphas to the kitchen first and he’d set them up with a cheap beer and then start on business like they were talking about the weather. John had always listened from his bed, his knees drawn to his chest and realizing quite numbly what would happen the moment his body stopped rearranging itself.
“Omegas have a value on them inferred by what people are willing to pay. That number happens to be quite high.”
“Everything alright, Dr. Watson?” Sam asked from the reception desk.
“Okay.”
“If you were Sherlock, I’d chin you.”
“You guarded the flat?” John asked.
“You have access to the same studies and journals I do. There’s nothing new for suppressants for older Omegas.”
“These’ll suit,” John managed after he glanced quickly inside one.
“Look at what I’m wearing, Sherlock.”
“Breathe, John. With me,” Sherlock instructed. “In.”
“I was only able to obtain the files on the promise you would be delicate in your handling of this, Sherlock. There is no reason to create any more upset,” Mycroft said. He removed a memory stick from his jacket pocket. “This is for you only. Do you understand?”
Mycroft glanced down at his umbrella handle then back up at John. “Hm, no. Despite what Sherlock may think, I do notice when several million pounds worth of family jewels decide to go on a bit of a walk. I thought it was best to keep tabs.”
“And how did you get in contact with him?” John asked pulling out his notebook.
A heroin dealer sold John his first dose of suppressants in a plastic sandwich bag with Harry at his back, arms crossed and growling at anyone who got too close. They had left hand in hand, like little children waiting for their pissed da to show up, and crossed the street to the nearest telephone box. John made sure Harry still had the hospital number crumbled up in her pocket and he downed a capsule with a swig of coke.
It was all fine.
The table in the main room was covered with takeaway. There were two boxes from the local chippy, the exact same dishes from the dodgy Chinese place down the street that they had ordered last week, the sandwich box John often grabbed from Speedy’s on the way to the clinic, and several bags from Angelo’s.
Hormones needed an hour to start counteracting his heat. It would only numb a handful of the more extreme symptoms, like leaking slick all over the floor. His hypersensitive sense of smell and his rawer Omega instincts would remain on display. He tossed the empty dose to the floor and scrubbed his hands over his face.
“You like chips,” John reminded. “It’s one of the only things I see you actually eat outside of a proper breakfast.”
“Do you need me to go over anything?” Dr. Alice Jones asked from the stool as she moved the display back to the top of the report.
True black nights belonged in Afghanistan after the base had hummed down with the sun and when the heat began to be sucked out into the open sky. It had been the first time he’d ever looked up and seen an expanse that just stretched, with no buildings or trees to frame it, and stars that were almost white in brightness. Sometimes he missed it with a desperation that was blinding.
John licked his lips. “You sure about that? I’m not going to lay back and think of England.”
Sherlock aggressively ran his hands through his hair. “You would have done the same!” He finally shouted.
“Something illegal?” John hazard.
Sherlock selected another box and pulled out a large bonding pin. John held still as Sherlock finished, his hands lingering on the small of John’s back again with another quick scenting. John pretended to not notice and they left with John wearing more jewelry than he ever had in his lifetime.
Letting out a shaky breath, John moved. He set a brutal pace, using his arms to pull him up as much as his legs lifted. The dildo was hard and unyielding and punishing at John’s speed, forcing him open rather than encouraging.
“Good, good.”
“Good afternoon, George,” Sherlock said.
“You give him a lot of freedom,” George interrupted.
“How do you know?” John asked, ignoring the implied question.
“I think I opened them when I bought them and decided I just didn’t like them as much as I remembered. You know how it goes. Somethings only taste good in memory.”
Sherlock’s left hand massaged his growing knot, his fingers curling and kneading the bulging skin. His other hand moved methodically with a wet suck, spreading his copious amount of precum up and down his shaft, catching every new leak and giving his cock a sheen in the low light of the fading afternoon.
“Right, okay. That’s fine.”
John ran his hand under the mask’s straps. They felt too tight.
“We have what we came for, John,” Sherlock said into his ear.
This was John’s fault.
“Over five times a day. We counted. He throws a fit when he can’t. And he’s very aggressive about it. We mock scent him, go through the motions. It was supposed to help.”
“You thought it was drugs.”
“Food?”
“No, you brought some horrid fruit nonsense.”
“Alright. Shh,” Sherlock soothed. “How about on your back, is that better, John?”
He had bought the umbrella on offer at Tesco when he realized the Tube would no longer be an option. The deodorizer system utilized in the carriages were geared towards Alpha's nasal capacities and not Omegas. He had learned that the hard way after being completely overwhelmed and found himself cowering in the men’s room.
Some figured John was a woman with a cock and no tits. For others, he was the kink for the day, a once in a lifetime experience and twice a bet between mates at the local. He was a twatted bint, and punched because what was a bloke doing with a cunt up his arse or what was wrong with him because obviously, something was.
“Mr. Holmes!”
“Alright, mate. I’m Emir.”
That was the entire reason John had picked her as his primary care doctor when he had been invalidated. All the other Omega specialists in London were career Alpha doctors and she had been fresh, hardly a month out of school.
The recording ended and Lestrade reset the program.
John snatched the bags and sighed when he realized they contained a full three-piece suit in a green eerily similar to the green in the plaid Sherlock had picked out. This suit had obviously been picked out to taunt Sherlock. John sighed again. Another headache. He had never quite understood the power games Sherlock and Mycroft played with each other. He used the trousers and the jacket and ignored the waistcoat and shirt.
“Sorry,” John said, not answering the question. He cleared his throat. “Won’t happen again.”
“Uh. Right. Um. A month and a half, on Tuesday, just before his heat.”
“Hello.” Mrs. Talbot looked between the two of them. “Sorry, but can I help you with something?”
“You won’t get the reports otherwise. DI Lestrade has already been denied access,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock rumbled softly; a sympathetic noise meant to soothe John’s distress. John didn’t know what to make of it. He doubted Sherlock was actively choosing to pull on Alpha impulses. That was his fault too.
“Enjoy it?”
Mycroft reached under his coat and pulled out a small spritzer. John had a sinking feeling he knew exactly what was in it.
Liz laughed. “You think she would be let near someone who hadn’t been approved?”
The whiskey burned down John’s throat as a young Omega languidly stroked down Sherlock’s arm. The posh cunt was only wearing trousers and an O-Lariat that trailed down into his arse. The green lighting in the club tinted his skin as he leaned over Sherlock, putting their faces centimeters apart. He pressed a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and Sherlock said something. The Omega’s pale fingers trailed down to Sherlock’s cuff and then dipped against his skin, rubbing their wrists together and mixing their scents.
“Did you two have a hot date?” Sally asked. She handed them each a lanyard. “Guv’s already been in for four hours.”
Nothing happened.
“It would have been suicidal for my parent’s business prospects. The failure to protect an Omega is akin to letting someone shoot the Queen. It's not something you fail at.”
That was the best way John was able to describe it. The start of heat was like his mum telling him to use the loo before a long trip. The longer he waited, the closer he came to just dropping his trousers and letting go on the spot. It wouldn’t matter if he was shopping for milk at Tesco or on the tube—the oppressive need for relief would trump everything. That piss was a knot shoved up his arse by whatever Alpha happened to get to him first.
“You would have never had sex with me otherwise.”
“You counted them?” John asked.
“You have a nice room,” Tom said gently.
“He’s not our killer,” Sherlock said as he and Lestrade entered the observational room. “You clearly share the same inclination.”
The sample scented as Alpha. It had the same basic earthy notes all Alphas carried and John felt his cock give a slight twitch but the following near citrus notes chased that away. Bit like chatting up a bird only to find she was married and just out for a bit of fun. Not something he’d spend any time on, really. He put the sample down and reached for another. The same deal.
“Almost there.”
“No drugs?” John asked.
Alright, then.
“Right. No. Thanks,” John said with a tight-lipped smile.
“I wrote a bunch of them down,” Finn admitted. “Figured it was one less thing I’d be able to cock-up.”
“Is this to be a frequent occurrence?” Sherlock asked and gestured to John’s neck.
Sherlock smiled softly and pulled John in for a quick kiss on his forehead. “Of course, you are. You’re my Omega. Anything less wouldn’t suit.”
John held his own out. Tom grasped it and pressed it under his nose without hesitation. He took several greedy inhales and let out a small moan before sneaking his tongue out and licking at John’s skin like it was water. John stood frozen and Hamish let out a laugh.
“So? It’s not the same, is it?”
“Yes. But there was little point in waiting when I knew what you wanted. Steak, wasn’t it?”
Explaining to Sherlock that he might as well have pissed on his own scarf the way it smelled and that John was in feeble control of his instincts was right out.
“Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock corrected absentmindedly as he fussed with the box on the chair.
The urge to reach out and redo them was starting to burn under his skin as he studied Sherlock. He wanted to mark Sherlock all up. Worse this time, make sure some of it scarred. No one would be able to touch him and not see. Territorial instincts. John wanted to laugh at himself. He might as well ask Sherlock if he could piss on him at this rate.
The too-sweet scent stuck to the fabric as Noah continued to go over the seams. Worry crawled along John’s skin, slow and arresting. He let out a breath. The Alpha was just doing his job. Hamish wasn’t here. John clenched his fists. He was not going to have two panic attacks in just as many days. His useless Omega instincts were throwing a fit over absolutely nothing. This wouldn’t bother a Beta. Or an Alpha. It shouldn’t bother John.
“Have you?” Lestrade asked.
“Shove off.”
How his cock would have looked, stiff and torrid in Sherlock’s grip. And small. That shouldn’t be a turn on, but God, it was. To know Sherlock rested behind him, every part of him big and Alpha and how safe John would be as he fucked himself into that massive hand. Watching the head of his cock push between those large fingers, coating them with his precum and his scent. Knowing that Alpha watched and felt everything John did.
“But you’re not going to.”
“Do you know who her partner was that night?”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock snapped.
“Do you think the British government can afford a scandal of someone going around and killing their precious Omegas?”
John nudged the door to the flat open with his shoulder and stopped.
“Think. The case, John. The only suit you own was one you wore to your sister’s wedding. It's horrid and ill-fitting.”
Sherlock slowly ate four more throughout John’s pasta dish. When John started tucking into the other half of the sandwich, Sherlock folded his hands together and pinned John with his gaze.
“It certainly works for most of the idiot populace.”
“Ta. Really appreciate that.”
“John. Please.”
“Would you have listened, if I had said it?”
His father, Hamish, preferred that method. It was the only way he’d get John to show up to bondmate matches. He’d just grab a hold of John’s scent gland and drag him off or force him into a chair as some fucking rich cunt introduced themselves, nearly slobbering at the chance to touch him and smear their scents over his skin.
“Of course. Asther Stone. Though, if you’re going to approach him, be careful of his Omega. He’s a frightful cunt.”
It was just clothing and it was for the case. He’d be able to go right home and change into normal trousers and normal jumpers and no one who looked at him would see anything other than Beta.  He flexed his hands and kept on.
Christ. John was ready to go again.
John's eyes flicked to the mirror again.
John situated himself in his chair and fiddled with his phone, opening his email.
“We text. Call sometimes,” Oliver said. “Twitter. You know, whatever works, right?”
“There. That wasn’t so hard, was it lads?” Lestrade said with a half-grin.
“Well. I don’t. And surely, I know what’s best for me, don’t I?” Liz crossed her arms and regarded John.
“No,” Sherlock said. “Afraid we don’t. We were hoping to catch a break. This place came highly recommended.”
“It’s a bit shite,” Sherlock said.
“It seems I made you uncomfortable.”
“Yes. It’s getting better and better! And here I was worried it might be boring.”
The host closed the door behind him with a soft click.
“We could go smaller here,” Noah said. “You do have wide shoulders for your stature, but if we went thinner it would emphasize your slim figure.”
“No, I think the history is a bit of a put-off. A downer isn’t it? That it all started from slavery.”
“Do you smell that John?” Sherlock asked with more caution than John had ever seen him use. “Just us.”
“Isn’t three enough?”
“You want to talk about that?” John asked after a beat.
“Remember the ‘boring’ case involving a car fire?” John said.
“I’m not interested,” John said a bit too loud. “Very, very, very, absolutely not interested. Yeah. It’s a no. All around. Every part of that.”
“I was testing melting points of various household plastics,” Sherlock stated. “I don’t know if I finished it. Did I finish it? The results must have been unsatisfactory.”
“You sold your son’s heat?” John breathed out.
Sherlock tucked his hand under John’s jacket, half under his belt. His thumb rubbed into John’s lower back. He hadn’t said anything about touching.
“Thanks. Shite.” Oliver shoved his phone back in his pocket. He turned to his chaperone. “Um, I think. Lunch?”
The glands puffed out after a few minutes and Sherlock rumbled, low and warm when John pressed. The sound fell into John, making him catch his breath. Their scents folded together. A near-perfect harmony of the combination that normally haunted the flat.
Sherlock regarded Lestrade with a combination of disbelief and irritation. He stalked up to Lestrade and towered over him. “John Watson has been an Omega the entire time you’ve known him. He had a panic attack, just like you did three years ago behind a skip after finding two strung up boys. Nothing has changed,” Sherlock hissed out.
“I didn’t kill him,” George said. “I went to take a shower to get the slick off. I suppose a copper wouldn’t know, would you? You know, Holmes. How messy it is. Fucking great when you’re in it, nothing else like it. Afterward, it’s like being covered in glue.”
“In the Army?” Lestrade asked.
John stared at him stunned. It was true. Every bit of it. There was nothing John Watson wouldn’t do to save Sherlock Holmes. He’d die for him. Frotting on the floor didn’t even touch it.
“He keeps himself fit.”
Finley Clarke, Finn for short, was early. John had hoped to beat him. No such luck. John sent a reply to the text. He stopped in front of the restaurant and took a deep breath. Glancing at his reflection in the glass he shrugged at himself. He looked like a right old bastard. He smoothed his hand down his shirt. He had tried to dress casually. A dark blue button-up Sherlock said he’d looked fit in and his best jeans.
Try was the operative word.
“—Hold still, John.”
“Let’s go through the list.”
“What’s this?” John asked, peering down into it. The contents were covered by tinted plastic.
John’s own room smelled like chemicals and Beta cologne. He never dared to let it smell like anything else. It didn’t matter that it was considered detrimental to his mental health.
“Fucking silly little Omega,” the Alpha had cooed right into John’s ear.
John’s grin sharpened. “You know on my way to school I passed by four different heroin dealers who’d sell you a bag for a fiver? And at least one shooting gallery.”
John would bow further, lost in the mix of them, and suck on Sherlock’s neck. He’d feel the scent gland pulse as it engorged itself with pheromones to tempt John into biting. His teeth would drag back and forth, forcing the skin to flush and throb. John shuddered.
“It goes straight to the booked room,” Sherlock said. “I would have assumed you’d be familiar with these establishments.”
Embarrassment tinted his skin by the time he finished the form and handed the tablet off to Sam. He sat back down in the waiting room and leaned on one of the armrests, crossing his fingers.
“Alright. So the Alpha is rich. Any Alpha that shares an Omega’s heat is. How does that help us?”
John steadied himself.
The Omega blinked at him before laughing. “Yeah, mate. Not much else to do.” He tapped the bonded pin on his suit. “Need help collecting someone?”
Also, there must be a funky paragraph somewhere, word kept making it disappear because it was between pages so I put two paragraphs together but after reading through it twice I could not find it for the life of me. Please let me know if you spot something funny!
“Good of you to notice.”
“Your Omega enjoy it then, playing Alpha?”
“Behave, Johnny,” had been Hamish’s favorite words, and “Don’t you want nice things, Johnny?”
“Fuck,” John groaned.
Sherlock’s hands held his tightly.
Lestrade shifted. “How can I help?”
Mycroft fetched a second spray bottle and used it several times before tucking both away. The new Alpha scent was relaxed, happy, and very pungent. John would have coughed if he was able to. It still worked very slowly. It was hard for his body to adjust away from the complete terror the previous scent had wrought.
“Yes. Almost a year.”
“If something happens to you while I’m in charge I really am going to be sacked,” Lestrade said. “I need some peace of mind.”
“Sorry," Liz said collecting herself back with effort. Her face was more flushed. "Did you?”
“Yeah. Um. I’m going to pop in the shower. I’m sure you have enough.”
“Not odd weather for May.”
Theo appeared caught out to be suddenly included in the conversation again. “I’d never thought about it,” he said hesitantly.
“It’s not.”
No. No.
If John wanted to be perceived as a Beta, he had to act like one. No exceptions. Not that it mattered with Sherlock, who had guessed on day one what John was. The brilliant bastard.
Sherlock nodded towards his room. “Follow me.”
John had never bothered to pay attention; it had seemed like a waste of time when he was on suppressants. He could hardly smell anyone’s scent, much less tell when they left it on something. Embarrassing, really. Unless it was completely overpowering and it smacked him in the face.
“Surely you can give a name?”
Hastily, John stood.
“Thanks,” Sherlock said and the smile dropped off his face.  “Come along, Dr. Watson.”
“Name’s old money.”
“Where are the heat aids?” Sherlock demanded.
Sherlock quirked a smile. “Yes. Molly would be aghast.”
John rubbed his face. Let out a breath.
“Right. So those are the only options if you want to work with Gabe on his scenting.”
“We were discussing the pins over clips.” Sherlock leaned forward as Oliver and his chaperone retook their seats. “Now stop wasting my time with idle chitchat.”
John gave him a dismissive wave.
John Watson owed his life to daily pills and scent covers. He’d built his life on being able to ignore everything that made him an Omega and he faced a growing chasm carved out by instincts he’d never had to properly deal with. And now, he was hurdling down into them.
“Normal. That’s the word you were going to say before you decided it might offend me and couldn’t think of a replacement fast enough.”
“Word travels fast,” Sherlock said.
“Of course, they were. I’m never wrong.”
Sherlock helped John into a new topcoat and donned one from his closet that John had never seen before. Sherlock glanced down at his watch. “I’ve ordered us separate taxis. It's imperative that you appear single to my bonded. That will allow us to peruse very different crowds. We’ll just be observing tonight, establishing a baseline to make further inquiries.”
Twice.
“Sorry, what?” John asked.
“You’ve been?”
“I don’t. Scent them, that is.”
Unfortunate.
“I’m afraid I can’t say as it is an ongoing investigation and all.”
“Go on then.” Hamish jerked John.
Not in London.
“I suppose the rest are equally qualified Alphas?”
Mrs. Hudson carefully put the takeaway in her fridge and faffed around the kettle and ordered John to take a seat at her kitchen table.
John cleared his throat. “Yeah,” John said, stepping forward. “Sorry.”
The knot was on its last push to expand, pulling more and more at his rim, stuffing John to where he dared not move. He still wanted more. John’s hands uselessly grasped at the sheets, not able to form a grip.
John had learned very quickly that being Omega and male wasn’t everyone’s cup of tea. Even with Alphas. Which was fine. It was all fine.
The pamphlets glared up at John with obnoxiously bright colors and featured euphemisms like ‘Find the Alpha for Your Special time,’ floating over buff smiling Alphas. John turned one over in near disbelief. They had to be taking a piss.
The bloody carpet would smell like them for months.
“Sorry. Yeah. I know. This is just expected. I thought it was. I mean. Actual courting gifts are flats or a year’s salary in jewelry. For heats I thought. I know buying one is quite a bit more. I did not mean to just imply that you were selling your heat. Sorry. So, sorry. Are the gifts alright?”
“Sorry?” John asked.
A law pandering to Omega activists that was taking away the spotlight from one of the first real progressive laws towards same-sex couples. Harry had spent a long time drunkenly having a go at him when he was on leave. Omegas always had to steal the spotlight. Hadn’t he gotten enough of that growing up?
Mrs. Talbot poured out the cups of tea.
John obeyed and then stared down, completely surprised.
Government-issued deodorizers with the Yard’s emblem puffed out neutralizer in timed intervals and quickly worked to erase any natural sent John and Sherlock were still carrying. John wrinkled his nose. The flat, artificial man-made scent itched at him, like someone scrubbing a bit too hard. Just another box to tick for the ‘suppressants are failing’ list.
John tilted his nose against the offered scent gland and breathed. It smelled like home. He licked it, dragging his tongue back and forth, coaxing more scent out. He moaned.
“Oh, God. You invited us along. To a crime scene at an Omega hotel.”
He really could.
“Heat aids! Where are they?” Sherlock insisted.
“You’re late,” Sherlock said, not looking away from the ceiling.
“You do,” Sherlock said, finally looking up for his phone. “Enough to make you nervous. Why do they matter? What they think is insignificant.”
He’d rather not.
“Shirt off too, I think,” John said.
“Oh, how am I supposed to know? However often we need to put on this charade. If you want a number, I’d assume around three, potentially up to five. I doubt we’re going to be spending an excessive amount of time in A/O clubs, at least not without risking our cover.”
The dress she wore hardly helped matters. It was opaque and showed off her lack of undergarments. Her O-Lariat framed her breasts and made it hard not to look. Which was probably the entire point of it. He may have looked at her chest and then felt like a right old pervert. And then equally thankful that Sherlock hadn’t been tempted to put John in the male version of the dress. He could be sitting here in a translucent suit with gems framing his bits as he froze his arse off.
Sarah nodded. “I’m more worried about covering your heats. I’m afraid I know very little about them. I never thought the information would be helpful. How long or how frequent, do you know?”
John tried to smile. He wasn’t sure if he succeeded.
“He’s wearing an Alpha suit. I’d never let mine out in public in one. With the amount it takes to keep an Omega, mine better look it.”
“Yes. We believe he was the first victim in a series of murders we are currently investigating. We believe his autopsy was altered to hide what happened. Finding out the name of his doctor would help us locate the original report, and who was behind it.”
“Which has been in a travel bag since you moved in. You haven’t taken it out once since you arrived in London. Not very keen to wear it, are you?”
“Sherlock,” John said.
“Remember the robbery arson from last week? Looks like the son was the culprit. Beat his mother to death with a hammer and set the house on fire. A miracle he didn’t kill his brother.” John settled further into his chair.
The rain had let up.
“Why bother. I don’t cook. You don’t cook.”
Sherlock had very well established he was married to the Work.
“We’ve already cocked that up then,” John said with a grin.
“Watch him a lot, do you?” John said after a moment.
“Piss off,” John ground out.
“Might be,” John admitted.
“Henry’s dead,” Sherlock said. John sighed and Sherlock glanced at him.
“Sit down. You lack the core strength to carry Dr. Watson for any length of time.”
“Yeah. Look. I was hoping I could stop by your office on my way out,” John said.
Sally’s heels clicked on the floor as they walked to the interview room. John and Sherlock trailed behind her.
“John when was the last time you hung out with Mike?” Sherlock interrupted.
“You had implied, um, that Sherlock didn’t have them—inclinations. It’s just, he’s never said.”
“John.”
“Is it just the two of you, at the moment?” Sherlock asked.
God, he was pissed off his arse.
The pale pink walls and soft lighting made John frown. A copious amount of plush seating decorated the open floor space along with tea trays covered with sweets. More neutralizer lazily spilled out of diffusers attached to the floor trimming. This wasn’t a normal hotel.
“Be a good lad and offer yours now,” Hamish instructed.
“Don’t do that. You take hours in the bloody loo working on your hair—”
On the opposite, unfamiliar were counterproductive. Especially, another Omega’s. John rubbed his face. He’d just toss whatever it was in the bin and get it done with. Maybe hop in the shower after for a quick wash. John stood up and hunted.
Except.
“No, I suppose you didn’t.” Sherlock stared right at him.
Briefly, he had looked into the more popular option of diffuser jewelry. They were refillable and had adjustable strength options but they were anything but subtle. Anyone who saw him wearing one would know he was Omega. Years of carefully presenting himself as a Beta would run through his fingers like water. Completely unacceptable.
John was not business.
“I was right,” Sherlock said. “You can’t get off, can you?”
John fumbled with his work bag, pointedly ignoring the slight tremble as he struggled with the straps.  He brought his hand up to his mouth and pressed. He needed to calm down. He’d scented the bloody door. It was not the end of the world. He was just going to need to pay more attention. At least he had caught it right away unlike earlier.
“Which biscuit dear?”
Even at the thought he was hard. He tapped the side of the phone. Sherlock rattled around in the kitchen. John looked over his shoulder. Sherlock was crouched down in front of the oven, trying to scrape something up, a slide in his other hand. The dick was trying to put the burned bits under a microscope. Of course. What else did one do with mysterious burnt shite in the oven? John almost laughed.
“Help. Studies mentioned the presence of an Alpha helped Omegas achieve orgasm a near 50% faster.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Cocaine?”
“You’re avoiding the question. Stop it.”
John glared at him. That had to be obvious. John stood in the middle of his room, cock untouched and jutting straight out, leaking useless pre-cum. A dildo was stuck on the chair behind him, having a little vibrate every thirty seconds, shaking some slick off every rotation and the knot expanding in increments. And. To top it off, John’s arse looked like it had just hopped out of the shower. He should be mortified.
Lestrade spotted them and met them at the entrance, halting them from going further into the room.
The grass compacted under John’s weight. He watched the blades push up as he stepped back. Sherlock’s grip tightened.
“Not here,” John said.
Mycroft placed a folder on the table.
“I—yes, I would have been sixteen.”
“You already have a theory, then?” John asked, following him in.
“Right.”
The door opened.
“Please,” Sherlock rumbled.
Briefly, John wondered what would have happened if he had gone through with blowing his brains out when he was invalidated. Nothing much, he figured. Just a sensational headline until something else caught the spotlight. Sherlock wouldn’t have even read anything about it. Suicides were boring.
“Absolutely not. You need my help,” Sherlock said.
“I’m not stupid, mate. You’re lucky to be able to say that.”
“Hello, Jonny,” Thomas said.
“Um. Yes. Hello,” John said, trying to match Sherlock’s tone.
And tended to be violent.
“John,” Sherlock said. He reached for John.
“Maybe. Maybe.” John leaned back in the chair and rolled his shoulders. “If you need to talk, our door is open for you. I promise.”
Sherlock had picked out a light gray suit that stood out sharply in the dusk of the club and the yellow diamonds caught any stray gasp of light. Anyone who looked John’s way would see him and know exactly what he was.
“We’ve talked about this being an eventuality for a while now,” Dr. Jones started out as she focused back on him. “I know we had both hoped for a few more years.”
“Then I don’t see what the problem is!” Sherlock snapped, jerking back in his chair and tapping his feet against the floor in frustrated movements.
Mycroft dabbed his napkin against the corner of his mouth. “You could once again be of service by securing a select Alpha for Queen and country.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Sherlock said.
“What, you decided to give it a wash? You can’t be that much of an idiot.”
“I’m sorry, Oliver,” John said softly, curving his voice into his most steady. “He passed during his last heat.”
Right. The case.
“You’re the doctor. I’d like your opinion.”
It was just the mask. John assured himself. If he was able to scent anything, it would all be fine. Studies that had come out in the ’90s had shown it traumatized Omegas more when deprived of natural pheromones.
“That’s a good line.”
“Yes, you did say so on your blog. Hawaii has better hiking.”
John keened.
“If we leave, we’d never be let near another Omega again and if they leave it’s the exact same bit. You get one Omega. God help you if anything goes wrong.”
“Good luck, Dr. Watson,” Sam said.
“For the taxi,” Sherlock said.
“I promise. Happy?”
“What do you make of it?” Sherlock asked.
“And how do you know about that?” John growled, enraged. “The medical records are obvious but that was when I was—that was years ago Mycroft.”
Christ that’d be something.
“Well, I’m not now, am I?”
“Ah,” Sherlock shifted, looking guilty.
“Who does anyone obsessively keep track of? Maybe a family member. Maybe a best friend. Most definitely an illicit lover.”
“I’m done.”
“You know, John, that I would—”
John shifted.
“Interesting. I’ve been reliably informed by countless therapists that failure to participate in casual scenting as an Alpha is a clear hallmark of sociopathy and an overall detriment to my continuing good health.”
“I also have a few bits of literature for you to read about what to expect in the next few weeks as you start transitioning away from suppressants and Beta hormones,” she said as she pulled out a few more startlingly colored flyers and dropped them on his lap without asking. “And if those are too layman, I pulled a few medical journals on the subject. I’m sure you’ve already read up a bit.” She added them to the growing pile John was regarding with resigned disdain.
“I know you’ve read the studies of Omegas in non-A/O couples. Once Omegas reach their late thirties, they need Alpha attendants for their heats. As your doctor, as an Omega specialist, I’m telling you, you need a heat partner.”
John paused on his way to the fridge and returned to the sink. There might be hair on the scarf. Burning hair was one of the worst things John had ever had the displeasure of smelling. It would be hard to miss. And then Sherlock would notice. No good. John emptied the rest of the dish soap in and watched the water fill to the rim before turning it off.
Hamish had a guest over.
“Yes,” she said.
“Er.” Lestrade looked uncomfortable.
The water from the shower turned cold.
Sherlock used his free hand to hunt around in John’s bag. He kept at it until he discovered the flyers John had shoved all the way down to the bottom and pulled them out. Sherlock regarded them with little care before discarding them.
“You’re an Omega, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Even more reason to not worry,” Ayla assured John. “Oliver likes to get his cunt stuffed by any new Alpha but old money bores him. He’ll piss off to the next after a few fucks.”
“Yes,” Sherlock responded. “You’re such a good Omega.”
“Promise or I won’t hand it over.”
“Wouldn’t that be expensive? Isn’t it like adding another adult into the family?”
John knew the logical solution. He had read plenty of studies on it. He had to find an Alpha and get them to fuck him. It would jump-start his heat. For the first few months, he’d need to rinse and repeat until his hormones fully leveled out enough to be charted.
“Heat complications.”
“Any more questions?”
Sherlock poked them with disdain. “I believe they’ve gone off.”
“If you want a go at the body you’re wearing a mask and suiting up,” Lestrade warned. “I’m not dealing with that brother of yours if you go tits up over a dead Omega.”
Mrs. Talbot nodded and Mr. Talbot looked away.
Was it.
“That’s a good attitude, dear. Mr. Hudson used to have all types. I think he liked seeing me all worked up. The sex was very good. I could recommend some tactics, you know. Especially if Sherlock is going to be needing a prescription.”
A sharp grin lit up Sherlock’s face. “No, I think not. Tell me, how much does an unbonded Omega’s heat sell for?”
“Well, what’s John to think, then? An Alpha is supposed to take care of the unpleasant things.”
“I won’t be needing it.”
“Why don’t you just pop it open and see if it’s good for a bit of warming up.”
“Feel like a posh thing in them?”
“Er. Why?”
“When would I have had the chance to be his chaperone?”
John smiled with relief. She wasn’t going to sack him. “I’ll email them.”
“Talking about sexual intercourse seems boring. Bees would be more interesting.”
If he had been bit the endorphins currently dumping into his bloodstream would have been doubled to override any discomfort. For better or for worse almost any instinctual interaction between an A/O couple was designed to reward both with an excessive number of endorphins to encourage the behavior.
“Sometimes,” John rasped.
“Not good?” Sherlock asked when John held still.
Maybe John could do what Oliver did yesterday, just pop on up to Sherlock’s lap, brush their cheeks together and reach down between them and make Sherlock share. All of that was supposed to be in John’s arse anyway, slowly stuffing him the further Sherlock pushed in. During heat it would fill John right up every time Sherlock’s cock brushed into his inner folds, mixing their scents in the most intimate way possible. The smell would be divine, the constant burning thrum of Sherlock’s arousal over John’s softer notes and it would stay for days.
Sherlock in his chair. Legs spread wide. His prick standing tall and proud and hot through his fly. His large hands holding John’s arse apart. Maybe one of those on John’s cock instead, teasing at the crown. His steady, focused gaze on John as he moved up and down, coating Sherlock’s prick in slick.
“That was never a question,” Sherlock said.
“Alright. Where are they?”
He giggled at himself.
“Your suits came in.”
“This morning.”
“Why would I know that?”
“I say this with the utmost sincerity,” Sherlock started, “even if my words are lacking to convey the sentiment. There is nothing your instincts may force you to do that would cause my regard for you to diminish. And I will make this clear, there is very little, John, that anyone can force me to do. Including you. If I had found it truly abhorrent, I would have found another solution.”
The Alpha ran his hands over John’s body as the knot slowly deflated and John felt heavy. His body was sinking into the mattress and eyes fought him. As John passed out, he swore he heard the steady beat of skin on skin and another man’s muffled grunts.
Sherlock looked utterly gleeful as he rocked back on his heels. “A murdered Omega, John!”
“Well, not mine. Are you wearing pants? Is that how you get away with your trousers being so tight?”
“Last thing I’d want the clinic to be known for, having an Omega doctor assaulted. Could you imagine?”
“Fuck off.” Oliver stared at the ceiling, trying to hold back tears before angrily wiping at his face. “Did they say?”
“No. No. I enjoy it. Penile stimulation.” John winced through the last words. “Christ.”
“A date?” Mrs. Hudson asked, scandalized. “But you spent your time here. I thought, even if you two didn’t bond, surely.”
“A case?”
Mr. Talbot stopped Mrs. Talbot from lunging at him. Mr. Talbot curled his hand or Mrs. Talbot's neck, pressing into her scent gland.
“I have chocolate digestives and custard creams and hobnobs, but they might just be a little dodgy,” Mrs. Hudson started.
The door opened.
Athena awaited them outside a posh restaurant, several bags in hand.
“Mummy would never allow it,” Sherlock said, continuing to text. “It’d have to be Holmes-Watson. If you wanted to keep your last name.”
“Heard that a lot did you.”
“Because there is a large sample size for that information.”
“Is this real?” John asked faintly. He was scared to touch it.
“No,” John agreed and ate a fifth biscuit. “That wouldn’t have been very good.”
Sherlock’s eyes were black, a pale sliver of color almost winking out. He leaned down, tucking his head in the curve of John’s shoulder.
“Yes. Food. The thing you insist I ingest at extremely annoying intervals. Hop to it.”
Omega fashion had the collar stopping at the collar bone, instead of up into the neck. And the suit—it was an A/B style. The jacket needed to be made of a thinner material and have more ornamental buttons and a lower back. Some had no back at all, besides a strip in the middle holding the two sides together. John would have laughed Sherlock out of the room if he had tried to dress John in something like that.
“Oh. Well. No problem then. Absolutely none.” John paused. No. There were a lot of problems. “Why are you buying me a bespoke suit?”
“Ah. Of course,” Alpha said.
Please, just shove it. John kept the thought to himself. It was already nearing too much. Sherlock did the opposite. He eased it in, letting John feel the drag of every bump and the stretch as the bulging knot pushed in.
A whisper of delight floated along his skin. Alpha was feeding him. A smile broke on his face before he managed to cull it.
"Yeah. What’s the first thing we’re not supposed to talk about?”
“Alright. Um.”
“Well, if Mr. Hudson was too far gone for a bit of fun I’d just crush some up and put it in a cup of coffee. I could give you a few more tips, but they’d require other substances. Does that work for you? Hard to know, but you seemed to do just fine with the cocaine.”
“John.”
“Ta,” John said.
“It was recommended.”
“Am I right?”
“Yeah. Sorry.”
John gathered Sherlock’s cup. “I’d rather the blue one.”
“Modest,” John chipped in.
Officially, Henry Talbot died due to heat complications on the 8th of April at two pm, the location was redacted. John turned back to the front of the autopsy report with mounting disbelief. The report started out routine, recording Henry’s height, age, and position on death. Then it continued as if it had been perfectly normal for Henry to die at nineteen with no prior health issues. There were no noted anomalies, all physical attributes were marked as unremarkable and the gross description section was textbook.
“We have an appointment scheduled,” Sherlock finally said, derailing John’s negative spiral. “I’ve already phoned a taxi.”
“Oh. I would never take you somewhere public,” Mycroft said blandly.
Sherlock's smile grew wider. “Oh, good! Sometimes finding addresses can be such a fuss. I’m Mr. Holmes and this is.” Sherlock squeezed John and tugged him into view. “This is my Omega, Mr. Holmes.”
John downed half of his drink. “Right shame, that.”
“The body,” Sherlock said.
“Mycroft is only a phone call away. And I do understand,” Sherlock offered.
Forty was too young.
Sherlock’s grin only sharpened.
“Do you plan on going out and shagging an Omega?”
He sputtered and pulled his head out.
“My porn habits. I thought I told you to leave off of that.” Sherlock ignored him and headed towards the stairs. John jogged to keep up. “Sherlock. That’s not funny.”
“Help or piss off, then,” John snapped.
John moved his shoulders without pause. “Seems good.”
“Just enough to imply I’m bonded. I had planned on using the synthesized scent. But as you know.”
John obeyed, letting Sherlock think for him. An Alpha, Lestrade, John realized, crouched down next to them. He couldn’t remember how he got on the ground.
The same as George. John tapped the pen against the notebook.
“Sorry, did you just say scent you?”
The walls were striped in a tasteful tan and white. A wooden table occupied the middle of the room, half-filled with clear labeled containers and flanked by two plush white couches that were draped with gray blankets.
John clicked on the first one again—he really was similar. Maybe that would make it better. John scrolled down and browsed through a handful more. The Alpha went from fully clothed to nothing. He stood naked, his cock fully flushed, knot half popped. The next picture was a close-up. And the one after. John coughed and went back to the body of the email.
“How?” A disgruntled look contorted Sherlock’s face. “Mycroft.”
“Okay.”
His arse contracted helplessly around the toy and he came, his cock jerking against the sheets as he tried to curl on himself. The Alpha stopped him, coiling an arm around John’s stomach, running his sticky fingers over John’s skin.
“Er.”
Sherlock made a frustrated noise and continued to bang around. John stared at the little photo icon and clicked on it. Both blokes were fit. Or they were wearing white t-shirts a few sizes too small. And young. Christ. He moved the phone closer to his face.
“Alright. Well. That poor sod isn’t.” John nodded towards the body. “It’s probably changed very little since I was that young. So. There should be straps, the doctors used to recommend those up to a year.”
“How much is this one worth?” John asked, trying to distract himself.
He had forgotten the Alpha’s name.
“You’re trying to recruit him.”
“I certainly don’t mummify food to the bottom of the oven.”
“I think they’re desperate for it,” Sherlock confirmed. “Beta perfume over neutralizer and no staff or even a cleaning service. Having an Omega comes with an expected lifestyle upkeep that Mrs. Talbot isn’t providing.”
“Yeah. A bit.”
“I’m still partial to 2007’s fall season, I may have hidden a few pieces away.”
Nervously, he tossed his hand through his hair and then scowled at himself. There was no reason to be nervous. John was going to go in. Meet the Alpha and decide if he wanted that Alpha to service him for his heats. If John thought the Alpha was a cunt he had to simply get up and leave.
Tabby leaned over and whispered in George’s ear.
Mycroft slid a velvet box across the table. Sherlock flicked it open and grabbed the bonding pin out. It was a much simpler design, the Alpha version to the Omega one John wore. He pinned it on and nearly threw the box back at Mycroft.
John swallowed. “Alright.”
“Yes. It was utterly exhausting. Like you, I learned to abstain.”
“Um. Yeah. Good. Thanks,” John said.
Sherlock.
“Borrowed it when he was being pedantic about paperwork.”
“Would rather not,” John said with difficulty.
“You didn’t,” John cut himself off. “You know. Happen to just borrow them from someone?”
“You brought an Omega here?” George asked.
“Just a bit,” John said. “And that’s Greg’s badge again, then?
A twisted smile crossed John’s face. “The ratio over there is a bit better, not by much but enough to make a difference. They didn’t decimate their Omega population with chemical bombs in the World Wars. But we found them sometimes on patrol. You know how easy it is for an Alpha to go feral in a war zone?”
“Yeah. Same. It’s never going to let me provide for an Omega. But, you know, I thought why not? I could pay the fee. It’s a once in a lifetime chance. So. Thanks. Really. Just being in a room with you is more than I ever thought I’d get.”
“Jupiter.”
“You’re saying you don’t know.”
“And you’re high,” John said blandly.
“Take my hand,” Sherlock insisted, wiggling his fingers.
“That was one time, and it was just sugar,” Sherlock said, brushing off John’s concern.
“Er.”
John leaned down towards Sherlock’s collar and sniffed. It was here. He reached for it, pulling it away from Sherlock’s skin. An Omega had scented Sherlock there.
Had they said that to Henry? That he’d enjoy it, so why not? Sometimes John wondered if his mum had asked over Hamish, would he have said yes?
Sherlock spun back around to the body and muttered under his breath, going through several deductions that John caught snippets of. “Good Omega,” Sherlock said as if testing the words out.
John flicked it. “Does he know you nicked it?”
“It was all quite lovely. People would just pass around needles to get high. All I had to do was show up and ask. Someone always knew someone who knew someone and then if I had money, they had what I wanted. It was all very efficient. I would say two heats before I was able to get suppressants.”
“Having any sort of heat was a gap,” John said irritably. “I was in med school and then a doctor and then in the army. A suppressed heat already requires up to two days. I wouldn’t have been allowed in med school needing four to seven days every month.”
“I’ll do it.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He oscillated minutely, something John had to be this close to notice, examining something. “This is where I’m supposed to offer help?” Sherlock asked after a stretch of silence.
“Exceedingly.”
“Look, Johnny,” Hamish had demanded. “We could be living here. Don’t you want to live here?”
They expected him to take a few sniffs and have a nice wank. By his leave. Just a casual afternoon at a stud house. He sighed. He’d rather be anywhere else, really.  Opening his eyes, he glanced at the room and was surprised. He’d expected pink.
“Piss off.”
“Yes. No names besides the deceased.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. “You can leave now, Mrs. Hudson.”
John stood.
“Be nice to your new husband. I’m already thinking about petitioning for a divorce. Would Mycroft even let me? Or would I end up in a skip?”
Sherlock tried to shift them. John refused to be budged. If Sherlock tried again, John would put him in a headlock. Rendering Sherlock unconscious from there would be simple and John could continue uninterrupted.
“Sure you were. Ta for the coat.”
“They’re still working. A bit. Hardly, actually. Enough for me to still pass as a Beta but I’ve only a few days left.”
“Alright.”
“No.” Well, maybe. The most basic understanding of it. John wasn’t going to say any of that. “It’s just. You’re not mad? I tossed you on the ground and basically forced myself on you.”
“Sorry?” John asked.
“No. Mycroft spent the entirety of a Boxing Day complaining how Hawaii was the worst island holiday possible because the group he’d went with wanted to spend it hiking rather than eating and laying on the beach.”
“Er. Alright,” John said.
“I’ve never had.” John stopped and moved his jaw, trying to work his voice steady. “There’s never been.” He cleared his throat. He let out a deep breath. “Thank you.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “Thank you.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock snarled, his voice tinted with Alpha.
“Good work,” Sherlock said. “We have somewhere to start.”
“Why? You clearly hate having your personal control invalidated by your instincts. This would assure that you would retain your cognitive abilities. At least in the flat.”
John almost heard a please at the end of it.
John just about threw his hands up in frustration. “Fine. She got a divorce and now is as much as an alcoholic as Hamish. Happy?” When Sherlock said nothing, John turned back to Oliver. “Sorry. Point is it’s fine, Oliver. It’s all fine.”
“Seemed like you had a good time.”
“Any other requests?”
“No.”
“Start with that,” John instructed.
“Did Henry have a choice?” John asked sharply.
“Mine?” John sputtered.
As before, no beta. All the mistakes belong to me. [Though! I have found one who is currently going over past chapters to nitpick!]
“Can I go to university?”
John ripped off the plastic from the basket and barked out an incredulous laugh. It was a sex basket. A bloody sex basket. There were two shrink-wrapped dildos. Several bottles of lube; one with blueberry dashed across its side and an assortment of toys that John really didn’t want to spend his time sorting through.
Slick dripped off of him onto the floor, making small wet dots. A few bits dripped on his feet.
Sherlock grabbed the mask and dumped it on John’s head before taking one of the suits and slipping into it with grace that should never be afforded a man. Carefully, John slid his own mask on and then suited up.
“It helps you cut quite a figure,” Oliver elaborated.
“Yes,” Finn blinked at him, surprised. “The cello. It’s what I do for a living. I’m the sub-principle for the London Philharmonic Symphony. How’d you guess?”
“You,” John said.
“My medical history is supposed to be private,” John ground out.
The lift pinged open.
“Yeah. It’s a bit easier than bothering with books.”
“No.”
“Why are we at an Omega hotel?”
“Are you joking?”
John made a distressed noise. There was nothing about this that was good.
Those words were like water in the desert. John whined before he realized. Sherlock pulled back his wrist and dug his fingers in, spreading his scent into the room. John’s body reacted almost instantly.  Sherlock—Alpha was here. It was alright.
A quick drag of Sherlock’s wrist on John’s coat, a guiding touch at the small of his back, a brushing touch of hands—light scentings were normal. John hardly noticed them. Touching his neck was another matter. It was intimate, something reserved for lovers and close family members.
The knot pulsed, popping to its second widest option, spreading him near the point of burning. Pleasure zipped up his spine as it kept going, plugging him, and carving out space for the Alpha to stuff him.
Anything less was unacceptable.
“—Twenty minutes on average—"
“More?”
“You read culinary blogs?”
“I wouldn’t worry,” Ayla said.
“Alright. What else should we be looking for?”
“It was the most practical solution,” Sherlock said, a delighted look crossing his face as he reappeared with a test tube. “Quite successful, by the looks of it. Full cognitive functions back. I do enjoy being right.”
“What do I do?”
What’s important is Henry’s Alpha didn’t. What does that mean? Potentially he’s unbonded. If word got out that an Omega died during their heat while being attended to by an Alpha, that Alpha wouldn’t be let near another Omega. Unlikely, given our other two Alphas were bonded. So. Who does an Alpha call to deal with a dead Omega? He could certainly afford to find the right people to help hide the body.  I paid £100,000 for one evening at the club—"
Neutralizer furled out from the sides of the doors as they stepped into the lobby. Two attendants greeted them and offered to have their bags carried. Sherlock dismissed them with a sharp wave and tugged John forward, shifting his grip and weaving their fingers together.
“Did you look at the files,” Sherlock asked. “Or was that too much legwork?”
“Pardon?” Sherlock asked.
“I’m not a dog,” Sherlock said after him. “Honestly. I have more brainpower than everyone in this room combined. ‘Stay here, Sherlock,'” Sherlock exaggeratedly mimicked.
Her scent enhancers leaked over and John felt his body automatically tense and his jaw clench. He tightened his grip on his drink to keep himself from triggering his own to challenge hers. A teenager was not his competition. He needed more whiskey. It was bloody exhausting, getting riled up at every stray Omega scent he came across.  He was starting to wonder if neutralizers even worked.
“Right,” John started. “So.” He pulled out his medical report that Dr. Jones had forwarded him and placed it in front of Sarah. He let out a nervous breath. “I know you’re not required to keep me on. But I’d like to stay.”
John had wasted years wanting to trust.
“Did you talk to Henry?”
“I can order my own food.”
“Good. That’s good. I was nervous.”
“No,” Sherlock intoned.
This was one habit he dearly didn’t want to unlearn.
They ended up at a private park. John halted on the grass. Sherlock waited next to him, still holding his hand like he was a wayward child.
Being in heat was like needing to piss.
The overcast skies and the endless lights of London held the night at gray as John stepped out. Sometimes, in the quieter suburban streets and the hidden in-between of modern buildings, the black was able to settle. Sherlock dragged them there to find criminals because that was where no one looked.
Heat flush colored in the baby fat clinging to the Omega’s face. There wasn’t a single wrinkle to spot. Christ. He’d be young. Of course, he had to be. John could count the amount of unbonded Omegas he knew over twenty in the UK on one hand. This was probably only his second or third heat.
Sherlock shot John an exasperated look. “Do you think it’s enough?”
“We can’t just get into a cheeky Beta room, can we?”
“Believe it or not, I do have a life outside of you,” John said.
“Do I need to call an ambulance?” Lestrade asked.
“That was only passed ten years ago.”
“No. Thanks. That’s it, really.”
The damp settled into his bones and his hair plastered against his forehead, letting water drip down his face. Walking back to the flat was going to be awful. Water was already staining up his jeans and the fire would need to be set to dry out his shoes.
George dismissed her. “You’re judging me. What would you have done, then? I called. Did the right thing.”
“Now, we look like a proper bonded couple.” Sherlock touched the pin on his own suit. “They are a bit plain, but I felt the fussier pairs got in the way of the O-Lariats.”
“I mean, really.” Ayla leaned closer to John. “He does the same tricks. Watch. Oliver’s going to put his hand on the knee and start going down the thigh and back up. He’ll do it for several minutes. He likes to see if he can get the Alpha to yank him down.”
“I don’t believe you’d appreciate that right now. Either option.”
“Did I?”
John rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Why am I here?”
“Good afternoon,” Oliver said.
“Are we going to be doing this the entire time?”
“Christ. Sherlock,” Lestrade said.
“I thought you were supposed to smell sweet,” was what Harry had said. “You smell like. I don’t know. Like mum’s old perfume bottles.”
“Too right,” Sherlock said.
Noah grimaced a smile. “Let me check with one of our tailors, Mr. Holmes. I’ll be right back, Mr. Holmes,” Noah said to John.
Sherlock’s building anger and frustration tinted his scent with a sharp metallic twang, almost like fresh blood. The hair on the back of John’s neck prickled and the panic that had been receding began to build again.
“Have you? I’ll be checking the flat.”
“Oh, never mind.” Sherlock put the box down and grabbed John’s arm.
John’s eyebrows climbed up his face. That is what Sherlock had meant and it also meant the bloody bastard had been through his porn recently. After the stint of the dildo on the chair he had gone on the hunt for a bit of chair sex. In another situation, John was enough of a man to admit he wouldn’t mind watching it in real-time. He couldn’t imagine it being comfortable though, with all the steam covering everything.
John sighed. “Alright. Anything else?”
“Hm,” was all Sherlock said before going into the flat.
“My pleasure.”
Sherlock flicked his eyes over John. “You’re in work clothes. That won’t do,” Sherlock informed him.
“They need to check your measurements before putting in the final stitching.”
“Good. Now that that’s all over, I’ll see you out,” Sherlock said.
“No,” Sherlock said. “Nothing on how he died. Did you know his parents were selling his heats?” At Oliver’s and his chaperone's horrified looks Sherlock continued. “No you didn’t, did you. Did you stop to wonder how he wasn’t bonded? He had a few years on you, didn’t he? Almost twenty was it.”
“Right. Let me know if you get anything, Sherlock. This case is a nightmare.”
John glanced at the scarf and then at Sherlock. The nasal strip curbed the initial onslaught of Sherlock’s natural scent, leaving just the whispers of it to seep in. Soon enough he’d be swamped by it, the musky earth scent of unsuppressed Alpha and the more unique spicy notes that belonged solely to Sherlock. It reminded John desperately of the quiet days in the flat when John watched the telly and Sherlock fussed about with an experiment; safe and content.
Harry pulled him down to the pavement and they waited, huddled together. John had never known which of them had been more surprised that the pills hadn’t been some dodgy shite, causing him to OD on intake.
“Is that really difficult for you?”
“Christ. Don’t remind me.”
Sherlock stared him down. “That’s it then. You’re upset because we had sex and you think I didn’t enjoy it.”
John just wanted to be just John—John the doctor, John the Captain, John the friend.
“Of course, it was a settlement,” Mrs. Talbot said.
John could barely focus past the shame and frustration and flood of Omega wants crowding out his thoughts. The craving to lean into Sherlock was consuming. He wanted to rub Sherlock’s scent all over, to bask in it like the first break of sun after weeks of rain and he wanted—he wanted Sherlock to touch him back, to mix their scents like John was his. An Omega instinct as sure as his beating heart
“Why?”
“So,” John said, clearing his throat. “Why a stud house?”
Mrs. Taylor blinked at him. “What?”
“We’re off to an A/O club?”
“Load of confidence, that is.” John picked up the coffee and hesitantly drank. It was bitter and sharp. Sherlock had remembered that John didn’t take sugar. “Ta,” John said.
“A suppressed heat, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock corrected. “John is still on his suppressants. Three more left, is it?”
“Does John look like the sort who enjoys fruit tea?”
“Alright," John said.
“It was seen as frivolous.”
John hoped it wasn’t a prescription. God help him. He paused on the last step. He rolled his shoulders and straightened his back, holding his head high. There was no reason to be upset that an Omega was in the flat. Same as if it was a Beta or another Alpha.
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
“It’s Watson-Holmes,” John said.
“Right. Yeah. Just going to get a coffee. Want one?”
“I know.” Sarah put the report down. “When will you start scenting?”
John stopped eating.
“Fantastic,” Finn said with another laugh.  “I was a bit scared, to be honest. I’d never thought an Omega would pick out my profile. I was a bit relieved when I saw yours.”
The last few months had forced John to make adjustments.
John turned a page in the paper.
“My Omega goes where I do,” Sherlock replied.
“Roll your shoulders back,” Noah instructed. “Does it feel tight anywhere?”
“Do you consider it? Would you be happy with an Omega child?”
“Rarely,” Sherlock amended. “How many?”
John snorted. “Good thing I like takeaway and Mrs. Hudson does all our cleaning.”
Sherlock adjusted his gloves and scrutinized the clothing on the floor, taking in every stitch and crease with his magnifying glass. John simply refused to notice how tight the white coveralls stretched over Sherlock’s thighs and arse as he squatted. Blokes never noticed that about their best mates. If they did, they best had not be caught staring and with Sherlock there’d be no way around it.
He dragged his hand up and down, wincing at how dry it still was. But that was good. It’d keep him in his right mind. Not like an Alpha would touch his prick anyways. The few times he’d asked he’d been either ignored or laughed at and called ‘silly.’
John cleared his throat pointedly. “And the microwave.”
Liz smiled tightly at him and pulled away. She fixed her filter mask and waved a hand at it. “Just a precaution.”
It was strung up in John’s room drying. He had stumbled up the stairs last night, pulled it off, and dumped it right on top of a diffuser, trusting the neutralizer to work. It hadn’t, not really. The scents of other Omegas had woken him every time he managed to fall asleep. He would jerk awake, enraged that another Omega had entered his nest.
“Yes. Though you could start allowing me to put heads in the fridge again.”
Finn looked at him questioningly.
“No. No bond. No Sherlock.”
“Look. That makes me feel like a tit, actually.”
For a second, just a second, it felt like Sherlock’s hand was gone, and in its place was a hot, needy mouth that cupped over his glans and sucked.  John couldn’t move his head to see. Christ. What he wouldn’t give to see Sherlock’s lips around his cock, his mouth stuffed with John’s prick. He loved watching women go down on him. Seeing the head poke at their cheeks and the saliva drip out of their mouths as they moved up and down. To see Sherlock doing that.
“How was I supposed to know?”
“You’re still in your pajamas.”
“Oh, just a good old shag on the floor. Raises morale for the troops,” Sherlock said. He grabbed toast and beans
“The lady at the desk said it was the most preferred—”
“Right. Just. If possible. I don’t want anyone too fit. None of that bodybuilding rubbish.”
Realized cognitive dissonance, increased heart rate and body temperature, production of slick and John inhaled; Omega pheromones. Heat scent, richer and more suffocating, clung to the very air of the room. The whole flat probably reeked of it. John ticked out four fingers and licked his lips. Increased sexual arousal, obvious as Sherlock would say, another finger out.
“You must have been selling it for several years for it to be worth it over a contract. How young did you start? Fifteen is the average age for an Omega’s first heat. I bet you got the best offers when he was young and ripe and hadn’t been fucked on a knot before,” Sherlock said, pressing forward.
“Sure. Every Alpha in the Yard is required to sit through weekly psychotherapy appointments.” Lestrade made a face. “Let me tell you how fun those are."
John inhaled again, searching. A scowl turned his mouth. There was still some left. He stalked the flat, letting his nose lead him right back to Sherlock.
“My room. Along with the proper accessories.” Sherlock shifted, uncrossing his legs and throwing his arms out. Drama queen. “Scent me before you go.”
“Adjustments. Okay. That’s better than quitting. I have twenty minutes before my next appointment.”
The second most common cause of death for Omegas in the UK was Omega on Omega violence. Most, if not all, stemmed from territorial heat rages. There were tragic epics written about emperors who went on journeys to only return to all but one of their concubines dead, painting themselves with the blood of the slain. There had been a rather good movie on it last year. John didn’t remember the name; he might have had a few pints before he had agreed to go with his date. On second thought, it might have been rubbish.
“That wouldn’t go well for either of us I’m afraid. So, let us refrain from physical violence. I’ve prepared a few qualified bondmates, who would be available for heat service and then disappear to let you continue on accompanying my brother on his little adventures.”
“I won’t talk with him in here,” George finally said, nodding at John. “I don’t need a frigid cunt judging me now.”
“Really?”
John snorted. “What’re we doing here? There’s no police cars.”
“We’re not,” John said firmly. “Absolutely not.”
John swallowed his pride when they got home. He bowed out as Sherlock stopped for a chat with Mrs. Hudson and gathered all the pamphlets he had tossed in the bin after his panic attack the day before. Sitting on his bed, he went through every single one.
There wasn’t supposed to be any.
John sighed. “They can’t hear us, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Yes, but then his scent would be in here for ages. I hardly produce enough of my own anymore, dear. And I would have to explain myself. Mr. Hudson is a very sensitive subject.”
“I live here.” Sherlock continued to stare at John. “Do you want to spray your scent?”
John breathed in.
Mycroft sighed. “Have you thought it through?”
“Are you insulting me?”
John let out a frustrated grunt and pulled himself off the toy. He gasped at the sudden emptiness and in relief at the same time as the constant hovering right on the precipice faded. That was supposed to get him off—it always did during his suppressed heats. Had to be the angle.
“Right. Where’s the bloody car?”
Sherlock secured the guard back in place and stalked over to where John and Lestrade were watching.
“Hmm.”
“Of course.”
John shot a look at Sherlock. “You said this was for a case.”
“Yeah. Nate. His parents didn’t give the arse end of a cunt. They just wanted as much money as they could squeeze him for. His Alpha always has room five booked. You can just show up and he’ll give you a go.”
John stopped himself. He needed nothing more to confirm it. Being around Liz in her pre-heat must have set him off. Another rubbish Omega perk. One breeding Omega meant it must be safe to get fucked. Obviously.
“Act like an Omega?” John hissed back.
“Pick up on that, did you?”
George winced in sympathy. “Kept on a tight leash?”
The scent of terrified Alpha devastated John.
“Sorry. I was just shocked. Wasn’t in the plans.”
Mrs. Talbot pushed the tea towards them on the table and joined Mr. Talbot. She crossed her legs and stared, back completely straight.
The door to John’s room swung open. John jerked up. Hamish fumbled finding the light switch and only managed when he bumped into it.
John took another shuddering breath.
“Hm.” Sherlock offered a quick smirk. “I was, wasn’t I?”
John didn’t think he could. He needed them to see.
He had seen worse, he reminded himself. Much worse.
John let out a breath.
“Pick up a book on how to help an A/O after panic attacks, clearly. Rub his wrist, Lestrade. Just as you would an Alpha.” With that, Sherlock went into the lift.
“Alright and how much did it cost you to let him play dress-up? At least a cool million,” George said giving John a shrewd examination.
Sherlock still hadn’t touched him. He was supposed to. For some reason, it was utterly devastating.
“Don’t make it look worse,” Sherlock said.
“He’s fine,” Sherlock said.
“I hardly see why.”
“Sherlock,” John warned. “We agreed three months ago. Cold turkey. Where’d you even get a fag? You’re still paying everyone off.”
John was a boy again. Hamish was leaning over him, yanking him by his collar. The cloying, sickly scent drowned him, pouring down his throat like sand, forcing him to choke. John made some sort of noise and then Sherlock was there, dragging his own scent glands over every spot Noah had touched until it was just Sherlock. John breathed through his mouth.
“I can see—”
Ignored the pile of pamphlets on his lap.
“What did I miss?” John asked mildly. He pulled his coat sleaves down.
Sherlock turned his smile back on John. “I need to match you, don’t I?”
“No,” John rushed to reassure. “No. It's why, I’m, well. Also using a stud house, right? Look at me, yeah?” John gestured at himself. “I’m not young. Working is very important to me. I’m never going to give it up.”
“Ayla,” the chaperone scolded.
Sherlock was dealing with his own unique cocktail. Once he had pressed down on John’s neck, John’s body released pheromones designed to entice him. Something akin to smelling fresh hot chips while on the pavement with the damp of London settling in—head-turning and utterly luring.
Theo sputtered.
“Remember everything?”
“That’d be a no then.”
“I know this is a lot to process, John,” Dr. Jones said. She dragged the stool closer, over from the desk to against the exam table. “No Omega suppressant is meant to be long term. You’re in scarce company. Most Omegas are bonded and off by their early twenties.”
“It's no trouble,” Mrs. Talbot said, implying that it was anything but. “I am happy to meet friends of Henry’s.”
“Right. Have a good day,” John said. He quickly walked away before she could say more and caught up to Sherlock who was already headed to the lift.
“Exactly.”
“Chef’s choice, then.”
John shook Noah’s hand with a firm clasp. A mistake, John realized; Noah was an Alpha and he proceeded to slide his hand up to John’s forearm and rub their wrists together in a traditional Alpha greeting, introducing their scents together.
“Only the Double O and Green Torch.”
Sherlock quickly brushed their cheeks together as John was too mortified to move and nudged him out of the interview. John stood in the hallway. Christ.  He closed his eyes and ignored his problem. That was twice today that Sherlock had set him off. It had happened before, right after they had moved in together.
John yanked out a wipe from his workbag. He cleaned the handle thoroughly, going over it several times. The last thing he needed was random Alphas trying to come in off the street. Not a trace could remain. He watched himself as he opened the door and then closed it, firmly keeping the touching to just his fingers.
“I’m off,” John said and escaped into the hallway.
“Bite down, John,” Alpha instructed.
“A gag.”
“It is remiss, that in this area my information is perhaps the most lacking.”
He gave the dish a bit of a shake. It was all a bit absurd. He was holding a petri dish with some lads’ cum in it and it was wiggling.
John blustered. He hadn’t meant to say that. Not at all. “Well, are you?” John doubled down. If he acted normal, hopefully, Sherlock would just accept the question at face value.
“I already apologized.”
The first legal ones had come in a slim pink plastic case because, God forbid, anything be in a more gender-neutral color, prescribed by an Alpha doctor who thought John was barking mad for going to university. The Alpha had even offered to bond him right there because it was such a shame John thought he needed a degree. John had threatened to report him. Even as a doctor, a general practitioner was too low class, and the Alpha knew it.
John shifted. “We don’t scent each other.”
Christ.
“What did you bring?” Sherlock asked, slightly stumped.
“No. You wouldn’t.”
“No. No,” Sherlock dismissed. He threaded his fingers through his scarf and pulled it off with casual efficiency. He looped it over John’s head and knotted it in his usual fashion. “Hm. A brighter blue would suit better.”
“John.”
John came.
“Johnny—”
“Not your housekeeper.”
“It’s what’s expected.”
“Including people?” she asked.
“You don’t?” John volleyed back.
“First dates are always a bit rubbish.”
“That’s what they say, don’t they?”
“Wasn’t me. Try again,” John said.
“—It's just my hips been acting up,” Mrs. Hudson spoke over him. “We can put the takeaway in my fridge. Don’t want to be scaring off potential clients again with whatever Sherlock has on the middle shelf.”
Had been paralyzed.
“You think this is some flight of fancy because my hormones are acting up.”
He brought his free hand to cover his face and rocked himself.
“What? It’s what he does, isn’t it?”
“Don’t worry. There will be other activities you enjoy.”
“Not hungry.”
The words hit John over the head. His breath stuttered. He remembered the heavy body above him, larger and thicker, forcing him still, telling him to just be good. That all he needed to be was good. That he’d be taken care of. While tied down. While gagged. Just be good. And he had loved it. Those words erased everything. Good Omega.
John forced himself to focus on something else. Sherlock was an easy target, even as he made simple checks over the body, he moved with a confident flourish that emphasized his features. Quickly into their friendship John had learned how to not look too closely.
Another textbook example of his failing suppressants; over-attachment to familiar scents and actively seeking them out when nearby. John tried to push the scarf down, further away from his face and Sherlock knocked his hands away, adjusting it back to the original position.
During John’s panic attack Sherlock had let him do just that. With no hesitation or remorse or expectation that it be returned. Of course, Sherlock would see nothing wrong with asking for something he’d already thought was established between the two of them. Asking him to help John the next morning probably hadn’t helped matters either. And they had gotten off together.
“We only had a few sessions before he passed out,” George said, continuing. “He’s young, wasn’t used to the longer runs. Can yours still go for a long time?”
“The exception. What else?”
“Good. Out. In.”
Her expression sobered. “That does mean you’ll need an Alpha attendant for any upcoming heats. I can have a list of Alpha services both private and public funded.” She pulled out a bunch of laminated flyers from a folder on the desk.
“Sorry. Just, you said Aster was bonded to an Omega?” John made a note. George had been bonded to an Omega too.
“I’m not sure—”
“Right! No worries.”
“Can’t you go buy some off the internet?”
He remembered the straps meant to hold him still, the gag to keep him silent if he got too loud, and the gloves with extra-thick rubber tips. It was all to keep him from harming himself, the doctor had said as he laid them out. They didn’t want him biting his tongue off or mauling the Alpha or scraping away any skin and making an actual bloody mess.
“It smelled, alright?”
He picked up the coffee after he willed his body into submission and tapped on the door as instructed. Sally let him in. George was talking almost non-stop on the other side of the glass.
When John failed to open the folder, Mycroft did it himself and dragged out the top sheet of paper with one finger, an irritated expression on his face.
Sarah let out an incredulous laugh. “And how much would we charge? A fiver?”
John bit. Alpha’s pheromones coated his mouth and surrounded him; heady and strong and aroused. His brain lit up; it was perfect. Exactly how it was supposed to be.
“Yeah,” Sally said taking her coffee out of his hands. “It’s been like that. It’s the most we’ve gotten him to talk since we brought him in. Yours might be a right bastard, but he read our suspect perfectly.”
“Text me when you get to the store.”
“No. This is business. We’ll get this sorted in a few. I’ve done nothing wrong.”
“It's supposed to be two fingers,” John grumbled.
Sherlock grinned. “At least your porn habits suggest you’ll enjoy it. Our taxis are almost here, come along.”
Almost all the Omegas John had had the joy of meeting tended to one of the two extremes, they were either extremely pliant, hanging onto their Alpha for dear life, or acted like superior demanding cunts.
Sherlock struggled with figuring out how to heft John out of the booth. He grappled with John’s limbs. John found it quite comical. He would have giggled. Sherlock tried to arrange them in a manner where he could slide John on his back. Quite clever, really. A fireman’s carry might've been better.
“Merely to have dinner with my brother-in-law.”
Mrs. Hudson set some out on a plate for him. He ate one. Then a second. He was really quite hungry. And a third and at the fourth, the kettle started to boil, the water rumbling.
John tried to take a calming breath and failed. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and desperately tried to catalog his symptoms.
“Shh.” Sherlock returned John’s nose to his scent gland. “See. Only you.”
Questions stuck to John’s tongue and clogged his throat. He dug his phone out instead. “Henry Talbot. Used to be a regular. Left for his heat and hasn’t shown up since.”
“Johnny, this is Thomas.”
“So, it would seem.”
Lestrade continued talking about the case, never ceasing his movements. John settled into himself and let Lestrade’s voice turn into background noise. He rolled his head against the patterned wallpaper.
“Alright?”
Sherlock squeezed his hand back. “Of course.”
So many things. The posh boy. The posh Omega boy. The posh Omega boy touching him. The posh Omega boy scenting him, smearing his barely developed stench all over Sherlock’s tightly tailored clothes. The posh Omega boy touching Sherlock’s cock through his trousers. Getting Sherlock off in a room full of people with his posh Omega boy arse bared to the room.
“Do be patient, John,” Sherlock answered.
“Um. Thanks. I’m good. You said you’d phoned a taxi?”
“We’ll deal with it as it comes, then?”
John gave a week laugh. “Sure, mate.”
Shame curled up John’s neck, red and blotchy as he flexed his toes against the faded rug. John tried to clear his throat and failed. Another near whine slipped out and he quickly glanced at his feet. This was bloody embarrassing. He was supposed to have control over all these useless instincts.
Sherlock caught him at the bottom of the stairs, a card slipped between his fingers.
Then laughed.
Ayla stroked his arm, dropping her scent on him. “Alright there, old man?”
“I didn’t ruin it, it’s just drying.”
John crossed his arms, stood with his back to the wall, and let himself look.
Lestrade stopped writing, an incredulous expression covering his face. “Now, I expect him to take a piss, but really?”
“We didn’t copulate.”
Sherlock glanced up at John. “Why would I remember a boring case? Deleted it. Complete waste of space.”
John’s head jerked back to Sherlock. Sherlock had one hand resting on the small of Oliver’s back and the other still propping up his head. A larger sliver of Oliver’s arse peaked through his trousers as he leaned down to whisper into Sherlock’s ears, his hands doing something out of sight. Was Sherlock really getting pulled off in a club? John breathed.
Sherlock let go of his prick and it fell on his stomach, ruining his shirt as it continued to spasm. Both of his hands moved to his knot, gently caressing it. The Belstaff started to slide off as Sherlock's head shifted, letting his gasping breaths escape into the flat as he came down. Quickly, John tucked himself away and scrambled to pick up the bags. He swallowed. He’d just pop down to Mrs. Hudson, she already thought they were shagging and have a quick spritz of neutralizer. Then he’d pop back to the shop and send a text.
The question stuck.
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture. “I’ve been told, that if nothing else, the British have tradition.”
“Tea for me,” Sherlock said, not looking up from the papers scattered over the table.
“Are you?”
John saw Mrs. Taylor and Gabe out of his office and closed the door behind them. He rubbed his face. Already nearing seven and he still needed to talk to Sarah. He paged her office.
“That’s a load of shite,” Oliver said tightly. “You’re full of it.”
Well. John’s brain slowly turned over the thought. Good. Alpha was pleased. And then John jerked. There was an Alpha. Fear curdled in his gut. Alphas never took care of him. He needed to leave. John could barely twitch.
John moved to follow then stopped. He flexed his hands and licked his lips. Cautiously, he glanced over his shoulder.
“We’ll have to rotate all of your Alpha patients.”
John didn’t care.
“Yes, sir,” Jenny said.  “We require documentation.”
The Omega was on Sherlock. Still. In a burst of frustration, John jerked the shirt apart, tearing the last buttons off.
“The one the house gave me?”
John waited. He let the hot feeling in his throat ease before trying to speak again.
“Alright,” John said.
“I’m a bit old for one,” John said. “Not much for a chaperone to keep modest.”
“Shite.”
“Straps?” Lestrade asked in disbelief. “Really?”
“You need some better hobbies,” Sally said.
“Enjoy what?”
The real problem was his heat. If he had the pills, the beta-blockers in them would keep his heat limited to a day or two but after that. There was no start day for it. If he was bloody unlucky, the first real heat he’d had in decades could start the day after he stopped taking his suppressants. Or the day after that. Or the next. Or not for a few weeks. Maybe not for months; if he was lucky. Maybe. And that was utter rubbish. It just wasn’t an option to go into heat anywhere he pleased.
“That can’t have made a difference,” John said.
Dr. Jones grinned back. “No. Even at forty, you have another ten years of fertility if not a few more.”
He held himself till he went soft, listing to his own breathing echoing against the table. He tucked himself back in and separated the last two samples from the rest before realizing he still had cum coating his fingers.
“Or rope, the kind of stuff you’d see at scenes.”
“Good afternoon,” Sherlock rumbled.
John should be a good flatmate and piss off. Head down to Mrs. Hudson and have a cup of tea. Maybe eat the untouched dim sum. It was wank courtesy, wasn’t it? Ignoring his flatmate getting off in the middle of the room. John set down the shopping on the landing and nudged the door further open. His hands pulled at his belt, quietly undoing the buckle.
“These are?”
“Is it?” Oliver asked.
John gasped.
“You get to tell Mycroft. I’m not having that conversation.”
“My hobby is the reason we’ll solve this case. If that’s everything, we’ll be leaving.”
“Alright. Fine,” John bit out.
“It was perfect,” Sherlock said, his voice catching.
John gorged his fingers into Sherlock’s hips, bruising them. They’d be gone by the evening. Maybe John needed to burn them in. Like a brand. They had a poker by the fireplace, John had never used one in his life.
Mr. Talbot tightly smiled. Stiffly, he sat down across from them. His O-Lariat was a very simple style, a long cord of silver with one pearl at the center of his neck. John frowned; he’d never seen one that plain before. Mr. Talbot caught John eying him and one of his hands fluttered to his neck, hiding the pearl.
“Your suppressors aren’t working?” she asked.
That made John pause. That fit the timeline. First useful thing he had heard all night.
He heard his stuttering moans and the wet slap of Sherlock grinding the dildo in and out, just enough to drag the expanding knot along his arsehole and nudge the tip against his O-gland, sending sparks and flashes of heat up his body.
Christ.
“Yes. Because that’s what happened. I read through the file. You don’t have anything on me, other than that I fucked him. I’m sorry he’s dead. But it’s not my problem. Can I get a drink?”
“See,” Alpha said. “Safe. No one will hurt you here, John. Please stop making me repeat myself. It’s getting tedious.”
Sherlock, as the only Alpha John spent any amount of time with, fell unequivocally into that category. John really should be surprised that showing off his scent gland hadn’t manifested when his suppressants began to diminish.
“What’s the difference? No, don’t answer that. I don’t know why I asked. Is the navy one here?”
Sherlock popped open the box behind him.
Sherlock flicked his fingers dangling over the chair and eyed George. “I was not privy to the transaction.”
John knocked Sherlock’s hand off and attempted to stand. Sherlock caught his arm and George’s grin sharpened. He really was going to chin the bloody bastard.
The first clue that his suppressants were failing had been his sense of smell; everything had just started being a bit more. London became almost overwhelming in its varied scents. It was a cesspool of bodies and smog and fabricated perfumes that burned at his nose until he took cover in deodorized buildings.
“Quite. About half of the Alphas selected at A/O clubs are, mostly to Betas and a handful to Omegas.”
Shite.
John relaxed without noticing. His shoulders dipped and he leaned towards Sherlock, seeking out more of his natural scent, and as virile Alpha, Sherlock had lots of it. John often bemoaned that the flat only smelled like Alpha, like Sherlock, because the tit never did anything to curb his natural scent. No sprays, no colognes, no diffusers, and no medical-grade soap or body wash as John used on a daily basis. He finally caught on to his body’s subconscious actions as he stepped forward and almost into Sherlock.
John needed to fuck right off.
“And you had Gabe tested for A/O carrier genes at birth?”
“They couldn’t have had us wait in Lestrade’s office?”
Sherlock’s phone went off. “That’s Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “Come along, John, we have an interrogation to attend.”
George laughed a bit. “Don’t be modest. Alphas like us get Omegas for a reason other than our money. You put us in a room with any other Alphas and they pale in comparison. We’re the top of the pack. Look at these two.” He jerked his thumb at both Lestrade and Tabby. “They almost shite themselves when you growled and they’re both Alphas. Omegas pick that up, they really do and they want it. They want to be with the Alphas at the top. Bobby found me, not the other way around. Was looking for someone to share his early heats with before his parents started shopping him around.”
“Finish up with Mrs. Taylor, John?” Sarah greeted.
John returned the favor by running two fingers over his scent gland and offering them up. He held himself very still and waited. Finn gently lifted John’s hand to his nose and deeply inhaled. He held it for the expected one minute and then guided it back to John’s side. No licking, no groping. Scenting by the book. John was impressed. Finn’s fingers gave his hand one last brush.
“Sir?”
“Alright,” Lestrade said. He pressed the button on the microphone. “Interview suspended at 16:28. To be resumed.”
“Not as much as you do, apparently. Are these things you discuss with your friends?”
“Sorry, Dr. Watson.” Sam approached him with the tablet. “You forgot to select an age range.”
“Do you need enhancers?” Mrs. Hudson whispered loudly. Sherlock started coughing. “There’s no shame in it. I don’t see any other reason the two of you didn’t bond. I’ll ask Mrs. Turner next time I see her. Her husband has been using them for a few years.”
Sally snorted.
“A few.”
John shrugged. “I didn’t watch it, I’m afraid.”
“Shall I call an Omega taxi, sir?” the door attendant asked as John collected his coat.
“You would have! If it had been me. If I had been the one half-mad due to some horrid, insipid backward evolutionary draw of instincts and the best logical solution was to frot like morons on the floor you would have done it.”
“Now, at least thirty more of those to go,” John said.
“Would make a great headline.”
“Hmm. They’re new ones.”
“’Emergency. Which service?’ ’Um,’ George spoke, his voice high and wobbling. A pause. ‘Um. Dead.’ ‘Is someone dead, now?’ ‘Christ. Yeah. Uh. Christ. He’s dead.’ ‘Can you give me your address.’ ‘I don’t know the address. It’s a hotel. I’m at a hotel.’ ‘That’s fine. Completely fine. Can you give me the hotel name?’ ‘Seaglass.’ ‘Okay. Thank you. Are you hurt at all?’ ‘No. I’m. He’s dead.’ ‘That’s alright. Can you stay on the phone with me? I’m sending an ambulance.’ ‘Someone’s coming?’ ‘Yes. An ambulance is on its way. Can you stay on the phone with me?’ ‘No. No. I need to go.’ ‘Please stay on the phone—’”
The door closed.
“Hold still, John,” Sherlock instructed.
“You don’t lend something like this out on a lark,” John said. Especially to blokes who were just flatmates.
“I had hoped if this went well, I could have your blessing to discuss a bonding contract with your father. What do you say?”
The blue suit was exactly the same as the gray one. John barely managed it on before Sherlock kicked him out to change. John grabbed the tablet and settled down to read. He paused midway through turning it on and texted Finn a thank you.
“Of course, you haven’t. Why would you.”
John stared straight ahead at the pink wallpaper as Dr. Jones collected her coat and closed the door behind her. He swallowed.
“Yeah. No. I’m good. Ta.”
“Sorry, old man. Alright.” Ayla found her lighter and lit her joint. The smoke curled between them. “Some is to Betas, yeah? Others to Omegas who don’t give a bloody fuck and a few because the contract is utter shite. Like. Um. Like—”
John turned his phone off. His heat would break tonight. All he had to do was tuck himself away in his room. Maybe have another wank. More like several. Start a new book. Keep away from Sherlock. He obviously had very little control.  Who even considered asking their best mate if they could bugger themselves off on their said cock? Sherlock wouldn’t even enjoy it.
Emir laced his fingers with John’s. “Great. She’ll love you.”
He dug out a scent strip from his pocket, peeled away the backing, and carefully stuck it up his nose. He sniffled, getting used to the invasive feeling. The first time he had tried them a few weeks ago he had sneezed them right out and wasted an entire pack before he managed to keep them in for the suggested hour. If Sherlock had noticed the excessive number of them in the bathroom bin, he had not deigned to say anything.
“He would be a valuable asset,” Mycroft confirmed.
“So, nothing then? No Alphas or Betas or.” John shrugged.
“—You examined the body,” Liz cut in.
“There are other options.  You could try an Alpha pheromone perfume. That is often a choice Beta parents go down. They find one they enjoy and use it but it is an investment you’ll need to make for a lifetime. There are Omega ones, but they’re much more expensive and synthesized ones are still illegal. I can only really recommend you attend a few of the classes at a hospital and try to find a good fit.”
“Yeah. John?” Finn asked back.
“Then how are there bonded Alphas here?”
“You can’t get access to the footage of the lobby or lift because the UK considers their Omegas to be national treasures and any information is blocked by more red tape than trying to get a personal audience with the Queen. This hotel legally can’t keep any record of the Omegas they service and by the amount of time the receptionist spent looking at my ID they could care less about the Alphas that come in. You have an unidentified brutalized Omega with no record of the Alpha who accompanied them. Am I right?” Sherlock had advanced as he talked and was near looming over Lestrade.
“Omega heats are protected leave time.”
John licked his lips.
“I’m sure John would be happy to acquaint them with the barrel of his gun if they tried to paw at him.”
“It’s a bit different, isn’t it? What you’re asking.”
He did look fit.
“Doctor Watson,” John answered with a slight nod.
John frowned. His clothing wasn’t that rubbish. He may not spend his yearly salary on everyday shirts and trousers but he thought he looked distinguished. Like a normal Beta doctor.
Sherlock growled, deep and sharp and it went straight to John’s cock. John found himself turning into Sherlock, seeking cover. Lestrade was out of his chair, reaching for where he normally kept his stun gun and Tabby fled to the corner of the room. George had his chair slightly pushed back, a startled expression claiming his face.
“Christ. Of course, I’m wearing pants."
“And how do you know anything about it?”
He offered his hand to help John up. John ignored it and Sherlock shrugged.
“Hold still. Let it finish knotting.”
John shrugged and dumped the cups in the sink. Mrs. Hudson would wash them. “Okay. Right. The gray one might not be ready.”
“Oh,” she sounded surprised. “You have an Alpha?” She started to check his chart. “You didn’t update your status.”
“Sorry, sir. This is an Omega hotel. We have no Beta rooms.”
There had been more. John refused to think of them.
“Right, then.”
He hated all of this.
“I’m the Alpha, aren’t I? You’re a gift just by showing up.”
John swung himself into a sitting position at the edge of the bed. He shoved his head in-between his knees and dug his hands into his legs, trying to curb his panic.
John had taken an extra patient as a favor to Sarah. That one patient had turned into five and a few hours had ticked away like nothing.
Everything was a very dark green; the wallpaper, the furniture, the sparse decorations, and the floor. Not a single other color. John didn’t know what he expected from a place called the Green Torch, honestly. A fully circular bar gleamed in the center of the club with the backdrop of floor to ceiling mirrors.
Sarah held down the speaker button. “I’ll be right out.” She let go of the button and addressed John. “You don’t happen to have those numbers saved for those programs do you?”
“No. I’m right,” Sherlock said.
The Omega scrunched his face. “But you’re old.”
“Are those real gems?” Sally asked.
“Someone had to.”
“My Omega?” Sherlock said.
“Did you think they just let any Alpha in?”
John wasn’t sure what to say. If Finn had been a woman John would have complimented his eyes or something about what he was wearing. He’d slide in the seat next to him and try to have a go at holding hands. He’d lean close, so Finn knew exactly where all of his attention was and he’d smile at everything Finn said.
“You’re aware of the unique opportunity your second gender presents you. And I was under the impression you were not averse to using your more singular attributes.”
John shook his head.
John wiped at his mouth with a shaking hand and tried to breathe. The diamonds on the O-Lariat shone in the pale afternoon and John stopped himself from tugging it off. Grown men did not throw millions worth of diamonds in the dirt. Even if he desperately wanted to.
“Sherlock, this is an Omega hotel,” John said, sliding up against Sherlock’s shoulder and keeping his voice down.
“I’m not ashamed of it,” John said. “If you’re looking to hold that over my head. You can stuff it. You could say I offered my services to the common British citizen, just as I do as a GP and as your brother’s assistant.”
John glanced at the profile that had been prepared. The number of medals the Alpha had earned was impressive. So was his kill count and with that John understood what this was all about.
John quirked a smile. All of that was rather not good.
Lestrade strode over and bent down again. He placed a paper cup on the floor. Sherlock picked it up and wrinkled his nose.
He met Sherlock’s intent gaze and swallowed. Sherlock had experimented on him, attempted to drug him, exposed him to dangerous chemicals on a near-weekly basis, and was an overall dick when in one of his moods but never once had Sherlock used his Alpha to try to control him. He’d seen Sherlock walk into rooms filled with Alphas in his crisp suits and out dominate them all with pheromones and posturing. John was under no illusion. All Sherlock had to do was turn around and John would fall in line.
Dr. Jones smiled at him. She gave his knee a quick pat. “Good. I’ll leave you to get changed. Just head to reception after you’re finished and we can get you set for next week.”
Going to heat in the middle of London was a no-win scenario.
“They didn’t trust my measurements,” Sherlock grumbled. “And it's lacking. I find your clothing lacking. You buy what’s cheap. You really need to learn how to do yourself more favors. It would certainly help you attract more of those dull Beta women you’re so very fond of.”
“My treat. You will need a change of clothes, less you want to spend the evening in wet trousers.”
“Alright,” John answered.
“I think they’re both complicit, along with the Alpha who shared his heat.” Sherlock tapped one of his beakers on the table. “Think about it. George, while worried about his reputation, thought to call 999, alerting the authorities. Why? Because his Omega didn’t care what George was doing. Granted, his Omega might divorce him on the grounds of scandal. Useless. Ignore that. George is unimportant.
He had sold his slick four times. He had figured he might as well. Being an Omega was good for little else.  The first time had been to pay for suppressants with Harry pacing up and down the hallway grumbling and growling, standing watch. The rest had been in a bolt hole with his dealer standing by with collection jars. He had told himself never again. He’d rather shoot himself.
“Have at it.”
“You’d never be bored.”
John had smothered Sherlock in his scent in the most intimate way possible. What Sherlock asked for paled in comparison, really.
“Well. No. But that’s.”
“John,” Sherlock said.
“You’re not wearing one?” John asked.
Sherlock slid two fingers down John’s neck until it rested above his scent gland. His pulse jumped as Sherlock kept his fingers still while he dug around in his pockets before producing a ring box. He popped it open with one hand and nudged out a diamond pin the size of a five pence. He pinned it right where his fingers were and admired it, smoothing out the nearby fabric. He fetched a second identical pin out and secured it over his own scent gland.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he pocketed the drive. He picked up one of the compiled profiles. He scanned the top one and sharply looked up at Mycroft.
Sherlock looked offended. “Of course, we’d hardly get away with a fake one.”
“Ah,” John failed to tamper the gasp.
“Finn?” John asked, stepping inside.
“It’s a prepaid card for Omega taxis,” Sherlock said crisply. “I certainly can’t use it.”
“I’m doing it again, aren’t I?” Tom moved closer, inching forward on his knees. “I’m trying hard to keep myself in check.” He breathed in John’s shirt again before he placed it on John’s desk. “Would you like to try again? Without your father shoving you on me? I was hoping.” Tom inched in, their chests almost touched. “If I,” he trailed off and reached up towards John's neck.
“It seems your concerns were valid.”
“We had been hoping to find Henry’s doctor.”
“Maybe I should opt for a sheet. Since that was good enough for the Queen.”
John hefted himself out of the chair and Sam led them to a nicer area of the building that looked a bit like a hotel lobby. They stopped outside a door with a gold number two. A basket with a bright pink bow rested in front of it. Sam picked up the basket with a smile and offered it to John.
Henry Talbot’s parents lived in a white terraced house in Knightsbridge. Of course, they did. He should have figured. It was the most expensive neighborhood in London. Where else would Omegas live? They certainly weren’t popping around London’s east end.
He pressed his forehead into the table and took himself in hand. His cock was hot and heavy and red. Pre-cum dribbled down from his slit. He ran his thumb over the liquid, dragging it around the head and past the crown. His breathing became heavy.
John worked his jaw.
“I can take care of myself, ta,” John added.
“Oh. Right. Sorry.” John had no age preference. He quickly checked them all. “Sorry, is it possible to make a request for something that isn’t on the intake form?”
He had not had sex with an Alpha for two decades.
Sherlock huffed but stood and sulked towards the kitchen. “We could just use the oven,” Sherlock called out.
“Well. That’s fine then.”
All of John’s aids were shoved in the back of his wardrobe in a duffle bag that Sherlock had only gone through once then declared boring. He only owned a few, mostly small ones that were unobtrusive and easy to introduce to one time or short-term partners. He always wanted a little something in his arse during suppressed heats. It didn’t have to be a full-on monster Alpha cock. A moderate dildo or a self-inflating knot did the job. As long as it was something to clench against while he came, it suited.
“Yes,” Sherlock dragged out. “Cheery idea. Ask the post-menopausal Omega to somehow dredge up enough scent to make it seem like we’re bondmates.”
“We can do that tomorrow.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock repeated. “Can you walk?” He asked John.
“Research,” Sherlock responded.
“That was fast,” John said. “I thought you’d take longer.”
Lestrade looked at him then. It was eerily similar to how Sherlock was examining him. John forced out a smile. It wasn’t any of their business.
Sherlock smirked. “Only if you plan to steal an ashtray.”
“Alright.”
“Isn’t there?” Finn asked and grimaced. “Shite.” He grimaced again. “I’m not supposed to say that.”
“Just. Um,” John fumbled out.
There were others like John but they were few and far between. Not that he blamed any Omega even if he could hardly stand them. When someone was conditioned to fill the exciting roles of broodmare and prized possession there wasn’t much flexibility for personality.
“Yes. Thank you, Oliver.”
“It is hardly my fault Lestrade chose to spend his morning looking at a corpse.”
Sherlock snatched up the offered mask. He adjusted the straps before putting it on and turning to fuss with his hair in the mirror above the shoe rack. Lestrade rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s back. He foisted the other mask at John.
“I’m sorry,” John said.
John Watson did not have panic attacks.
There was a reason Omegas had chaperones that were either bonded Omegas or Betas. Not that it would have made a difference. Hamish, as John’s family Alpha, had the right. For John’s safety, according to parliament. Hamish never hit, but he dragged and pulled and demanded and threatened and on bus days John always just stood on the pavement, Harry next to him, and stared at rows of white terraced flats.
Sherlock sat down and John breathed in. A fresh drift of strong, heady Alpha curled into the kitchen. Sherlock probably hadn’t slept at all to smell like that. John’s body turned and he breathed in again. He caught himself before he managed a third. He used to hardly register how Sherlock smelled.
“I’m worth it,” John said. He heard that in a movie once. Seemed good use of it here.
“The other pin,” Sherlock demanded.
“That is rather the point.”
“Don’t shite me. You’ve been staring at him all night.” Ayla leaned her head back onto her chaperone’s shoulder and rubbed her cheek in, scenting him. He took the joint from her. “Know his name?”
He gripped the edge of the tub and hoisted himself up. He grabbed a towel off the rack and slung it around his hips and kicked his robe further into the corner, refusing to put it back on. He’d rather buy a new one than deal with it.
His thoughts scattered as he realized he was fully hard again. He shifted with a grimace. If he bought himself an hour for the hormones to kick in everything would be fine. He forced himself to lay back down and go to sleep.
“Oh, nothing is truly private.”
“I’ll put them in the microwave then.”
“Got your text,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock obeyed, pulling his shirt up over his head.
Mrs. Talbot was up and advancing towards Sherlock. John lunged up and moved in front, his hands clenching and releasing, ready to lash out. Mrs. Talbot stopped short, her face darkening in fury. God, he wanted to hit her. Lay her flat out on her back, listen to her lungs struggle as the air was knocked right out. He’d never been able to do that to Hamish.
“Yours isn’t?”
“So not at a club, then?”
“Of course, anything less would be unacceptable.”
“No,” Sherlock said, dragging it out. “I’m not wrong.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Yes. The heat aids. I’m assuming when your estranged wife helped you through your ruts the two of you utilized some of the varied aids available to A/B couples.”
“I’m not.”
Sherlock relaxed his grip on his cock, splaying his fingers wide. Sherlock’s hands dwarfed half the objects he picked up; John’s cock included. His long fingers and wide palm had completely engulfed John’s prick, sheathing it in warm callouses. John wished he’d been able to see Sherlock jack him off.
He picked up his shampoo, a present from Sherlock, and squeezed the opaque liquid out into his fingers. The shower washed it off his hand. He dumped more out and set the shampoo back. Goosebumps freckled over his arms.
“Like it?” Sherlock asked.
“I’ve already paid for it.”
“John, stop reading that drivel and pay attention, I need to know when you plan on masturbating next.”
The necklaces flipped the traditional lariat styles Beta women wore; the long strand fell down the back instead of the front, often all the way down to the bum, and boasted elaborate collars or bibs. They had been called leashes up until the 1950s when Queen Elizabeth took the throne and had an interview where she lambasted the name.
“Right.”
Sherlock slid his fingers, thin and long and always in motion, along the seams before abandoning them and focusing back on the body. He fiddled with a rubber scent guard still strapped to the Omega’s neck until it popped loose and spent a minute prodding at the engorged scent gland under it.
Mrs. Taylor flushed. “Um.” She grappled with Gabe as he squirmed on her lap. “I’m not sure who to ask, really. Sorry.”
Mrs. Talbot squared her shoulders. “I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
John dragged his cheek up Sherlock’s neck and stubble, rubbing his scent in as he went. He shoved their chins together and crossed over, heading to the other scent gland. Sherlock just needed to smell like John. Was that so hard?
“Only two?”
“Alright. Well, it's fake.”
“You have them?” John asked, then winced. He had really just asked that.
“These are Holmes’ heirlooms?”
“Something me and Dr. Watson discussed.”
“I believe it would be remiss not to. I find myself with very few friends, John. I would like to resolve any problems that would make you less amiable towards me.”
Sherlock just held him, didn’t move, didn’t force John’s head closer by the last few centimeters separating them. He rested his head atop of John’s, not caring that his shirt was soaked from John’s wet gasps and the drips that escaped John’s trembling hand.
John and Sherlock shared amused grins.
Sherlock held himself still. He stood and crossed over to John. He squatted down to meet John’s gaze and covered John’s shaking hands.
“Do me the favor of not having to fetch you from Mycroft’s schemes.” Sherlock nodded at the door. “One should be here in a few minutes.”
“You got the wrong man, mate.”
John stared.
Sherlock led them up the small set of stairs and rang the doorbell before tucking John against his side. He let go of John’s hand and slid his own beneath John’s jacket, splaying his fingers just under John’s ribs. Sherlock played with the fabric of John’s shirt as they waited, stroking in a gesture John often watched Sherlock apply to his violin.
“Opposed to what? I’m sure your ex-bondmate was an excellent example.”
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the doorframe.  “Morning boys, I brought a bit of brekkie. I thought you’d both be tired with all the goings-on yesterday. John dear, should you be out of bed?” Mrs. Hudson said as she breezed into the flat.
The impulse to bare his neck to the Alpha drenching him in pheromones was immediate and scorching. His thoughts tumbled into incomprehensible smog as his head tilted to the right. He wanted Sherlock’s large hand to grasp his neck, to soothe his fingers against John’s flushing skin. All Sherlock did was stand and blink down at him. A whine built up and slipped from John’s mouth, small and hardly noticeable.
“Then I am a bit unsure of the source of your distress. Normally, your emotional swings are easy to puzzle out. Hardly a puzzle at all, really. More like unnecessary subtitles.”
“Brilliant, John.” Sherlock let out an excited gust. “Oh, that’s good. I had wondered. That’s why you go to the club. You need Alpha pheromones to get off. A quick shag with an Alpha on the club floor than off to a private room. And why you didn’t care at all last night about doing anything other than scenting. No Henry, no reason to.”
John snorted and pushed past Sherlock to head to his room. He dressed quickly and with utter precision applied his scent neutralizers and Beta cologne. Those two steps were the most important part of maintaining a Beta front. As long as he scented like one, most people never looked twice. He gave himself a once over and joined Sherlock on the pavement.
Slowly, he unfurled his grip on the sink and bent down to pick up the pill packet he apparently dropped. He wiped it clean on his undershirt and popped one of the pills out before tucking the packet away. He downed the pill with tap water and opened the door to come chest to chest with Sherlock.
“Right. My body is going to take a piss at me not being bred. One last bloody hurrah to attract some big strong Alpha to shove their cock up my arse. Sounds like a bloody good time.”
“My suits are not off the rack.”
John licked his lips and tried to lean away. Sherlock’s scent wafted down. And John was dropped back into the morning. On the floor with Sherlock covering him. Lost in his endless loop of arousal. His cock was very interested in that.
“I’m going to ask you to reconsider.”
Sherlock sniffed.
“Old money.”
Mycroft gave him a thin smile. “So are most of the people in this room, but they still have time for their proclivities.”
Lestrade joined him as Sherlock circled the body. “Was a bit shocking to get a call for this,” Lestrade said. “This is the first Omega I’ve ever been called in on. Have you ever?”
Finn tried to laugh his awkwardness away.
“I’m a doctor.”
“What?”
His legs continued to quiver and his inhales shuddered in-between moans and desperate gasps, his cock jerked weakly and he kept clenching. The edge held him. Unbearably so. John reached a shaking hand towards his cock. He gave himself a few jerks, almost losing his grip to overstimulation. His hand seared against his prick and he dropped it, whining. Not enough.
“My mother only now considers my father a worthwhile investment. I believe his marriage price drained the entire family reserve. She is very lucky she inherited several family properties otherwise my Father would have never looked her way. My sister was allowed to go to approved A/O clubs to find sexual partners for one-night stands. She was never allowed to repeat one.”
“Penile stimulation. Alright.” John echoed.
“Thirty-five. Nineteen years,” Sherlock said. His focus shifted intensely to John as if waiting for a parlor trick. “Her husband had died prior in a car wreck.”
No. John wanted the toy back in his arse and he wanted to come and forget about this entire day that continued to go from one fucked up scenario to the next. The studies Sherlock had quoted earlier were true. Omegas in heat imprinted on the first Alpha they fucked and Alphas did the same. It was to ensure that the Alphas stayed throughout the heat. Utter rubbish that frotting on the floor with Sherlock counted.
“You would. Did you?”
Mr. Talbot demurred. “Sometimes pieces are just hard to purge at the end of a season.”
John lined his arse up with the tip, his front facing the back of the chair. He teased himself a bit, letting the head push in and out, blunting open the edge of his arse before his body tried to greedily suck it up. The first stretch always did it. The quick burn and adjustment as his body realized this was exactly what it wanted. He stopped as he realized he was letting in more and more, seeking for something to hit much further in.
“Most of it will be on milder substances. Alcohol, cannabis likely. Unless the demographics have drastically changed since my youth, the more intense substances will be in private reserved rooms.”
“Git.”
John scratched at his face. Harry had had an unofficial ceremony in the '90s before it was legal. He honestly hadn’t even looked at it since he’d worn it for the event.
“Mrs. Hudson,” John tried.
“Custard creams.”
John fiddled with his phone. He’d taken a day off from the clinic for this. He had no texts. There was one other person in the waiting room. A young woman Omega with dark black hair accompanied by an older Omega who could possibly be her mother.
“That’s a bit rude, isn’t it?” Mrs. Hudson asked John. “I wouldn’t have minded a bit of a show. Sherlock is so very Alpha, isn’t he? I loved it when Mr. Hudson caved in. Very stimulating.”
“No. When was the last time you talked to Henry?”
“He does that,” Mrs. Taylor continued, hesitantly. “And such, to everything.” She paused. “It’s a bit much, isn’t it?”
“Serious?”
Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and pressed. John’s shoulders loosened. Sherlock quirked a fast smile. John would have smiled back if he thought it was amusing. It wasn’t. Only gaining control of his body because of different Alpha pheromones proved Mycroft right.
Of course, they weren’t. John wasn’t blind. He saw what Sherlock’s clothes did for him. Vain Alpha.
Would he ever be able to do that again? Would he be able to go into a local, pick up a Beta woman and fuck them in the alley with their dress bunched up around their hips and their underwear nudged aside with his cock. Right. He was absolutely a pervert.
The conversation stilled as John entered the room. The Belstaff had been returned to the table and another chair was pulled up next to Sherlock. John parked himself on it and shoved the teacups on the table. Oliver and his chaperone stood. They formally offered their fingers for scenting. Right. This was John’s territory and he was the senior Omega. He should have done the same thing earlier at the Talbot’s.
“Oh, God. You’re not quitting, are you? I promise your load will go back down after Hannah is back from her holidays.”
“You noticed all of that,” John said with a slight disbelieving shake of his head. He had thought he had been subtle. “You’re brilliant.”
Another wave of slick dripped out, coating his tensed-up thighs. John trembled and suddenly everything was too much; the sheets were suffocating and rough and slowly rubbing himself off seemed like the worst idea he had ever had. He threw off the bedding and desperately struggled out of his pants.
John couldn’t help the near fond expression that stole over his face at Sherlock’s excitement. “Like Christmas, is it then?”
Sherlock cut himself off. He grabbed John’s face between his hands and forced their eyes to meet. He pursued John’s face, searching for something that he must have found as the corners of his mouth tucked up into a quick, real smile. He squeezed John’s shoulders before shifting John to be propped up against the wall rather than Sherlock’s own body.
“That would be lovely, a bit chilly today, isn’t it?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock rumbled out a laugh and John’s attention went back across the room. It was a delighted laugh, one that meant an experiment or deduction turned out well. A pleased smile curled up the Omega’s face and in a smooth, single movement the Omega joined Sherlock on the daybed. He tucked himself coyishly at Sherlock’s knee. John didn’t know what Sherlock was playing for.
“You picked a good place to have one,” Lestrade offered, trying to fill the silence. “Mine smelled like weeks old rubbish and piss. Had to throw away that day’s suit, couldn’t get the filth off it. It's always the cases with the young kids that get me. The two kids strung up wasn’t even the most brutal one we’d worked on that year but it still hit.”
“One of the pieces is near two million. This sapphire one about half the value, though it is one of the oldest pieces in the family collection. I know it hasn’t been assessed in Mummy’s lifetime. She wasn’t very fond of it.”
John put the tablet down. What had he honestly expected from a stud house? Thank Christ, he hadn’t opted to fill this out in the flat. Nothing on his laptop was private. John had learned that the hard way after Sherlock had found his entire porn collection a week after he’d moved in. Sherlock had peppered him with questions afterward and it had devolved into a shouting match between two grown men until Mrs. Hudson interrupted. He picked the tablet up again and typed in answers.
John shoved his hands in his pockets and waited. The coat was nice, warm. Probably some fancy expensive blend of fabrics from some equally expensive brand. The ID was handed back and John gave his address before slipping into the cab.
Finn examined him. “Yeah. Mine are a bit less. Since we’re not really courting.”
“The medical journals you keep all state a copious amount of nutrients are needed to keep an Omega in good health. They had varied recommendations.”
“Most of them were wearing scent enhancers.”
He dressed quickly and checked his phone. Forty-five unread texts. All from Sherlock. He probably hadn’t listened when John had told him he had an appointment. A bemused smile covered his face as he read through the increasingly irate messages.
“Oh, fuck off,” John managed.
“Yeah. That’s creepy.”
“I set up diffusers in the flat and your room in accordance with the NHS guidelines,” Sherlock said after another pause.
Into battle.
Sherlock rolled off John and stood up.
John almost dropped the coffee on the floor.
“If you need anything else, Mr. and Mr. Holmes, I’ll be out on the floor,” Noah said.
He needed to make the appointment. He could pick an Alpha out, and be in the safest environment possible. And if anything went wrong—well—right—at least he wouldn’t be murdered. Anything else he’d manage as he had. Christ. After eight aborted attempts he finally managed to dial and make an appointment—it was the right thing to do.
Grudgingly, John picked up the man’s hand and raised it to his nose. He barely ghosted over it and the small area flooded with aroused Alpha pheromones. John gritted his teeth. Disgusting. He dropped the hand and rubbed his sleeve over his face.
“It’s not food!”
“Obviously.”
“And he tested positive?”
“I’m fine.”
Sherlock reached for John and tried to pull him up. John’s legs failed to cooperate and it was like a child holding a doll. A dark expression crossed Sherlock’s face.
Someone knocked on the door.
Sherlock regarded him and frowned. “You’re going to go masturbate.”
“That would be a waste of everyone’s time,” Sherlock rumbled.
“Nothing?” Oliver begged.
“Uh. Yeah,” John said.
“Genetics are fickle. As long as both you and your husband had a distant A/O relative the possibility was always there.”
“Let me understand. You get me to bond so Sherlock stays safe while offering some Alpha a bribe for continuing to work with the British government.”
He dropped his hand out. “Hand them over then,” John said.
“Right. You only had sex with me because my hormones were throwing a fit.”
John guided Sherlock’s head down and started by coasting his thumbs over Sherlock’s cheekbones. A rush of pleasure curled in his chest. It felt right to indulge. He moved up to Sherlock’s ears before going down Sherlock’s jaw, secretly marveling at how smooth he managed to keep his chin. John’s scruff always started to come in right away.
“I’ve always had access.”
“Mycroft?”
John focused on Mr. Talbot who was taking in the entire conversation with wide eyes. His hands tightly gripped his O-Lariat and over the fake perfume, John smelled fear. Not surprise or anger, fear.
“That’s all good, then isn’t it, Johnny,” Hamish said.
Nothing in the shop had a price tag. Cautiously, John let go of the suit he’d been examining. He tucked his hands behind his back and kept them there as he and Sherlock waited for a fitting room.
Oliver played with Sherlock’s hair. His fingers tangled through Sherlock’s curls messing them up. John had never done that. He forced himself to pull his eyes away. It wasn’t any of his business if Sherlock wanted to get off in an A/O club.
John hummed in agreement.
His body went limp except for his arse, which started to pulse, trying to suck the toy further in. All he could do was lay still and be fucked.
Hazily, he reached back towards his arse. He creased down until the tip of his thumb felt around the engorged dripping muscle. His arse swallowed the single-digit eagerly and his knees almost gave out as he instantly clenched around it, seeking more. With no shame, John slid his knees as far apart as he could manage and slipped in a few more fingers.
He closed the door behind him as he joined Sarah in her office. She smiled at him when he stopped just short of her desk.
“I’m perfectly fine, Mrs. Hudson,” John said. “You didn’t need to make us a full English.”
Oliver moved onto Sherlock’s lap and leaned to press their cheeks together. Sherlock let him. Not my area, John’s arse. He waved the bartender over and held up his empty glass for another pour. If Sherlock was going to get a leg over and John had to talk to a teenage Omega, John could very well treat himself to a few more fingers of whiskey.
“But what?”
“Do you not like it?” Sherlock asked. “We could try the others, but they don’t match as well.”
“Uh,” John started.
“Yeah. They’re good.”
This is what he’d been expecting.
He did.
John scratched the back of his neck.
“Do you have any further questions?” John asked with a fast look at his watch.
Then, John heard the click of a button.
“Yeah. Thanks. I wasn’t expecting anything really.”
Slick would be better. It would sear John’s scent on Sherlock more than his saliva. He hesitated. Sherlock was an Alpha. And slick was. No. Scent and his tongue would have to be enough. Should be enough.
“Five in university, two in rotation, and then more depending on if you specialize.”
“I’m not going to bond.”
“You’re already popping out.”
“I was telling the truth when I said just flatmates.”
“I’ll just fetch some more tea,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“Of course,” Sherlock soothed. “Having any sort of attention must be traumatizing. Do you have the Alphas name? I’m sure mine would feel much more comfortable warning his future charges to stay away.”
The last person John had chosen to scent had been Harry after one of her drunken binges over seven years ago. She had reeked of alcohol and bile and sat on the floor of her flat bawling her eyes out, while John had watched from the couch, visiting on leave. Clara had asked for some space, years before Harry’s drinking fully drove her away. He remembered sliding down next to her and very carefully pressing their cheeks together before Harry crushed him in a hug, shoving her head into his neck and breathing him in.
“Go get another cup,” Sherlock demanded.
John dragged his nose back and forth over Sherlock’s scent gland and then sucked. Sherlock grunted and started grinding. His cock slipped through John’s robe pushing hotly against his thigh. Sherlock grabbed John’s legs and bent him, leaving him almost naked and gasping.
It was all complete bollocks.
That told John very little. Instinctual reactions could mean anything from being more territorial to wanting to throw John against the wall and fuck him.
“It’s okay Val,” he said softly. He addressed John and Sherlock without looking at them. “You have no proof. I’ve called the police. You will be arrested if you’re still here for causing an Omega due distress in their territory. I’d suggest you leave.”
“Where else do you meet Omegas?”
“The NHS stated in one of their more recent studies that multiple scentings between an unmated pair in a close time frame could encourage prebonding pheromones. Seeing as we’re both adjusting to your new hormone levels with rather volatile—”
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled.
Complete and utter bollocks.
Yes. What else could it possibly be for? Not for calming John down. Not for fucking on the floor. Not for marking him up.
“I mean it, John. Right here, I’ll not tolerate anything else. Alright?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock blinked several times. He closed his eyes and reopened them. HIs pajama bottoms really hid nothing. John spotted the half-stiffy starting to tent them. Good. They could both suffer through a stint of arousal in the taxi.
Noah led them through a wooden door and into a posh dressing room. A set of mirrors curved around the back wall and a privacy screen stood on the left. Two suits hung from a clothes rack, one dark blue and the other a pale gray, both with large white stitching along the seams.
John rubbed his wrist on Baker Street’s door handle. A quick, casual marking. He cursed and wrenched his hand off. Quickly, he glanced around. The damp of early evening had kept most people off the pavement, he spotted a few walking by. No-one turned his way. He let out a deep breath. It was fine. No one would be able to smell a light scenting over the stench of London.
“Even with an attending Alpha?” John asked.
John’s scent gland still pulsed under his shirt.
“No reason?”
Lestrade flipped the laptop on the table open and selected a file. He adjusted the volume and hit play.
It was the scarf.
“Eight days ago. I had a smoke with a client while you were stuck in the tube. I haven’t had one since.”
“Though, I do wish you boys had not had a round on the rug. That’s going to need to be replaced and, really, now. All someone will need to do is stick their nose up here and know what the two of you have been up to.” Mrs. Hudson tapped her nose. “I may be past my prime but I could scent it all the way from the bottom of the stairs. What happens when a client stops by, Sherlock? Do you really want them pawing at John?”
“One for each suit.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Other studies implied that Omegas were unable to achieve orgasm alone during their heat if they had already copulated with an Alpha.”
Those three sessions had covered housing and schooling until he went into the army.
“No. Afraid not.”
“Have you ever had sex just for sex? Sex you’ve enjoyed?”
“For a sexually active man you’re very shy discussing your sexual habits.”
The flat smelled odd like John had taken a gander through a Beta perfume department. Too many artificial scents. He sneezed several times before giving in and digging out several extra nasal strips. Sherlock snagged one for himself. John snorted as Sherlock struggled to get it up his nose.
“I’ll be back with tea,” Mrs. Talbot said and left them alone.
“What floor are they on?”
The last Omega scandal in the news had been an affair partner who had shown up while the bondmate had been in heat. The Omega had killed both their Alpha and the affair partner. The headline had memorably read ‘Entrails from the Nest,' with some gory pictures that John had found quite fascinating. It was amazing how people could be killed.
The thought of an Alpha under him, large hands yanking him down over and over and just fucking him, letting slick slap between them on every thrust as their skin rubbed red. The Alpha chasing the pop of his knot as the bulge grew to where it caught and pulled on every thrust and jerk and prod. John made a noise.
“To keep the Omega from injuring themselves in a haze, I suspect,” Sherlock said. “Are you going to make him repeat everything? He’s clearly uncomfortable discussing this.”
“I have the records you wanted,” Mycroft said. He ate a bite of his salad.
The Alpha only fucked him. Shoved his prick right up John’s arse and knocked him down on the bed, breathing wetly into his neck. Alphas were rubbish bed partners.
“Yes. Ha. Ha. So. Funny,” Sherlock deadpanned.
John closed his eyes. Relief bubbling up. Back to normal.
“Everything’s fine, ta,” John answered.
John let out a startled laugh. “Try to buy some once?”
Sherlock drank his coffee and made a slightly disgusted face. John pushed the sugar dish over to him. Sherlock dropped two sugars in and stirred.
“Good. Oh. And it's just going to be Holmes today. Apologies. I know we had agreed on Watson-Holmes but it does make people ask questions,” Sherlock said.
Mrs. Talbot worked her jaw, color flooding down her neck. “You need to teach your Omega to behave, Mr. Holmes.”
“And what merits the second time you’ve ever made me coffee?”
“We’re ready for you Dr. Watson,” Sam said. “If you’d follow me.”
John’s pheromones fully filled the space, embedding itself in the very air. There was no denying who Sherlock belonged to now and it would stick for hours.
Sam smiled. “Don’t worry. We’ll get you all sorted. A room will be prepared for you soon.”
“Fuck off,” Oliver said. His voice started to tremble. “Fuck off.”
“Just waiting for the kettle to boil dear.”
John would if he wanted to get off with Alphas. An Omega hotel would have been a requirement. The pheromones from unbonded A/O couples during sex was like a walking neon advertisement of ‘here is an unbonded Omega getting buggered by an Alpha, come get a piece of it while you still can’. It was a holdover from evolution that had never been nipped in the bud and was extremely inconvenient. The amount of neutralizer and perfumes needed to cover it was excessive and expensive.
“No.” John didn’t know how he was having this conversation.
“We could try more Beta hormones,” John suggested. “That’s worked this past year.”
“Emotional swings. Do you mean normal reactions?”
Right.
“The heats you’re going to start having are going to be very different than the ones you experienced when you were younger.”
“An A/O family member would greatly lesson it.”
“Right,” John repeated.
Sherlock made a frustrated noise. “Your eloquence astounds me. Is everything supposed to fit! They weren’t planning on bonding, obviously! They would have selected a much more socially accepted location. Do any of you think? The guard doesn’t have any teeth marks! There should be an artificial scent gland to stimulate biting during the bonding process. It should provide a nice set of teeth impressions that would be much faster to match then waiting on DNA.”
“What else would it be for?”
“Evening, Mycroft,” John ventured after a few minutes of silence.
“Watson-Holmes, we agreed that it sounded better.”
“Well, we were talking about the size of my dick. So, I don’t think a lot is off-limits.”
“She wasn’t dating anyone,” Liz said firmly. “Omega’s don’t date or have romantic commitments unless a family is very well off.”
