“Hey! Where did you get that?” he asks a bit loudly when, through the four pieces of the device, an opening appears that allows the girl to get through easily.
Pepper then laughs on the other side of the line.
“What do you want, Flash?” Peter asks, and the guy then lets go completely, the anger on his face suddenly gone.
He rolls his eyes, trying to ignore it. But as it is, it’s all around him. People making out in the middle of the street. Magazines, posters, books. The movies, TV-shows… It always over-glorifies it in a way that Peter would never really comprehend…
Flash may be a jerk, but he still accomplished things…
“I can’t, the thing took my remote!” Tony counters.
“No nono, I was kidding, I just need the bill, and then I want to hire you as my personal pizza-delivery boy.” He said with wiggling eyebrows. Was he flirting with an underage teen in a full restaurant?! Yaël planted her face against the table. Where did they find this idiot and why did he have to be her new babysit?
Warnings:
Ned Leeds is walking in a slow pace, nearing the classroom Peter is heading to, hands in his pockets and backpack hanging low over his shoulders. There are a few Star Wars pins attached to it, but also most of the Avenger’s logos. Iron Man’s mask, Cap’s shield, Hulk’s fist, Thor’s hammer, Clint’s bow and Widow’s hourglass.
Ah, what the heck, he just wants the proof. With a small nod, he thanks Wanda. The girl just smiles at him, leans forward to press a small kiss on his cheek – on the mask, of course – and then she’s off again. Internally, Peter swears that if she would ever need help, he’d be there to give it to her.
“Hey, uh, I’m going to take a little walk for a bit, okay?” he calls out. Tony waves at him, nodding in understanding. Then Peter gets up from his desk and starts heading towards the door. He knows that, as soon as those two are together, they won’t really notice him being gone for at least a little while. These two are still too much into the honeymoon phase.
“Steve, what did you mean when you picked up the phone? Have you been talking to Tony lately?” He has to ask, because it’s strange. Tony in his delirious stage, when he keeps on forgetting things… it’s possible that he’s been calling Steve without any knowledge that they’ve broken up. He can’t imagine how hard that must suck for Steve.
Besides, Peter has no idea what he had been thinking during his blackouts. He’s seen what Karen has recorded, but it’s not like he has the habit of talking out loud so often it was just long silences. He couldn’t hear his own thoughts, making everything even vaguer.
,” she tells him dryly before pulling her hand away and get back to the couch. Natasha snorts for a short moment before turning her head to the side to hide that fact away.
“Where’s Peter?” he asks.
“It’s- It’s not your fault, Tony. Stuff happened, and now me and the team, we have to hide for a bit,” he explains as simply as possible. Tony can’t comprehend much more. “Just until they’ve tweaked the accords and drop the charges on us. After that, I’ll be right back with you, alright?”
“I just… like making…” Tony doesn’t finish his sentence at all. This is literally the
much?
Tony nods nervously, earning him a smile from Steve, followed by a kiss on the cheek.
“You look chipper?” he tries. Harry nods.
“I know, Steve,” he answers. “Actually, I just had the secretary of state on the line about it.”
“Great, yes, do that!” Yaël threw her arms in the air. What would happen? Would he keep her locked up in the basement for a few hours? That man was probably very busy with that freaking fight in Germany. “Look, FRIDAY, honey, I just want to go.”
Peter shakes his head, not recalling any kind of vacation they used to take. Sometimes, they managed to get themselves to a beach of some sort, but that was never longer than a day, and the drive to there usually took longer than the time they’d spend there.
, he thinks to himself, grinning.
“True,” Peter nodded.
“Secondly there’s that superhuman stamina and speed,” he mumbles, leaning back in his seat and reaching for a pencil to bite on. While taking a deep breath, he thinks further. “Superhuman durability. I mean you could empty your gun in them and they would still stand, the idiots…”
Get a read on the situation. Then figure out what needs to be done.
“What’s your name?” Peter asks without thinking about it, looking into her hypnotizing green eyes. She waits until she’s climbed down completely, hooking her legs around his and putting a hand on his shoulders.
“Oh, mind putting on some swing music? Tony and I have been working on our moves,” he jokes. Peter groans in frustration, deciding to just carry his box to his bedroom before Steve can say anything more. He’s not too surprised when Johnny puts on the music Steve asked for.
Tony looks through the pictures. There’s another few aliens that don’t seem to fit in with the Asgardians. The last page he comes by is a familiar face. His eyes open wide.
Peter nods and sits up a bit straighter. His eyes light up a bit when Tony lifts up the screen, making sure that the boy can watch along with him. There’s nothing much Tony’s going to look up, mostly just how much his family has as an income.
Peter gasps out in surprise, though he should have expected for the Goblin to taunt him. Not really in control of his anger, Peter cries it out as he rushes towards the other figure, holding his fist ready to give him a blow in the face. Before he can make contact, the Goblin flies back up in the air and moves to the side, away from Peter’s angry blow.
“I know,” he mumbles. “I know, it’s just… I can’t get it out of my head.”
Time passes. When it’s eight, the phone goes off. Tony doesn’t pick up, and neither does FRIDAY do it for him. The call goes through, until the ringing stops. The person has reached his voicemail. He’ll listen to it later.
fighting off another intergalactic threat to human kind, they’re mostly just fighting each other.
“Just tell me,” Steve whispers against his neck while they’re on the bed. Tony has a projection of his latest project in front of him. He has his fingers on the holographic keyboard, everything written down in a secret code that even Steve doesn’t know about. Living with his competition, he needs to take special measures to keep him from peeking.
While normally he doesn’t take paperwork so seriously, with this he’s paid all his attention to it. At first out of a strange sense of loyalty towards Mary. Now, though, it’s because he wants his son to succeed his year. Peter is not out of trouble yet, but he’s almost there. His grades have gone up surprisingly fast, and despite the two unfortunate occasions of detention, his teachers seem be happy with his progress.
“I’m not going to get angry, I just…” Tony rubs his forehead, turning back towards Steve with one hand on his hip. “Have you ever felt pressured into taking care of Peter?”
“B-but, you look so, so-“
Maybe she didn’t know herself.
of the blue boxes you can find inside, along with a pincer?”
“They’ve broken up?” Peter asks, confused. “How would you know?”
Bruce, who has been keeping himself busy with staring at Tony’s test-results and files almost ever since he’s arrived here. Peter hasn’t seen him look at anything else, so far. He clears his throat to announce his presence. Banner turns around, mouth fallen open.
So Peter puts on the suit, swings the few buildings that separate his home from Flash’, and takes a few deep breaths once he arrives in front of the house. Hidden in a tree, Peter observes what is happening there; loud music is playing inside, and through the window, Peter can see Flash as the DJ. There are multiple cars parked in the street. A couple of teenagers are dancing in the garden, drinking the stuff they’re obviously not legal for yet. Peter makes a mental note to stay away from the alcohol tonight.
Mr. Stark just stares at him for a little while longer, but then he lets out a breath and just shakes his head.
“We had two grandchildren who were mutants.” Mrs. Thompson happily mentioned. Yaël remembered Mrs. Thompson telling her once that the couple only had one daughter because they couldn’t get any more and that they simply gave up that big-family-dream at some point and gave their daughter and grandchildren all the love they had.
“Yeah, my phone broke so I’m going for a new one,” he says. “I was just heading out. You can come along if you want.”
“Okay so now we know even less,
“Soul and Time, I know. But where is Soul?” Rhodey curses out. His suit has taken damage, but he’s still good to go. He has a large wound on his forehead, which will surely leave a scar. Tony would have wanted him to stay out of the action for at least a little while longer. They don’t have the luxury of wanting things.
“Uh, you realize the coach can take that away from you if he sees that?” Ned asks, and Michelle shrugs.
“Who is it?”
“Your mother loved you with every fiber in her being,” Tony assures him. “Everything she’s ever done is to keep you safe from any harm. And that includes keeping me away from you when I wasn’t that good in my head.”
“Who said it was me?” Wade yelled back, not sounding sincere at all “It could’ve been Yaël or Scott too!”
“But I’m here anyway, I can help now,” Peter offers.
“Why is the clock such a bother?” Mr. Stark tries again. Peter blinks a few times before answering.
They frown at the screen, but Tony continues the feed anyway.
“You can take that whichever way you want,” he mutters out. He closes his eyes and takes a few deep breaths. “Listen, everything’s pretty much shit right now, and all the Avengers have been tip-toeing around me for the past few days…”
“If I’m honest, I have no idea what we’re dealing with. It’s like he’s got almost all the symptoms at once. Joint pain in his hands, visual disruption. His hearing has gone to shit again but I suspect the MRI caused that to his regulator.”
“Why aren’t you going with them?” Peter asks once he finds his voice again, ignoring his question. The archer just shrugs and smirks at him.
“Stark,” he greets him shortly. Tony pulls out his checkbook and pen.
“Electrical Engineering?” Peter asks out loud, pointing his hands at the folder on his bed, “or biochemistry?”
“So, how did you two meet?” May asks. And now that’s a story Tony is curious about, too. To him, it seems like Felicia was somehow always there, no?
“It was alright! Johnny and I got lost on the way to the main building, but a girl pointed us the way. After that, it was mostly just introduction and a welcome-barbecue,” Peter explains.
,” Karen explains. “
“I’m fine,” he says. They keep running after that.
“JARVIS?” he asks, not remembering if he’s gotten an answer yet. He moves forward for a bit, somehow knowing how to do that. He somehow feels that he’s moving forward, but there’s no surface, nothing else indicating that he’s moving again. He keeps on going, it’s probably just an illusion. He goes on, and on, until suddenly the light disappears and he’s hovering in a starry sky.
Like Steve doesn’t trust Tony.
Once he’s back in the penthouse, he gets himself in his bedroom. While he’s in his own home right now, he’d rather not keep walking around in this surgical apron. Throwing it on the ground, he gets to his closet and takes out some easy clothes that will not end up too tight around his wounded leg.
This story is going to be completely posted before Infinity War, damn it! Or I'll try, at least :') Chapter 21 is almost finished!
right.
Though, on the other hand; Dr. Cho
Rhodey just sits him down and asks about what’s wrong. They usually sit on the couch while Peter keeps on working. On very few occasions did they tell Peter it’s better to go, since there won’t be anything they’ll do anymore on that day. Whenever that was the case, Peter used his sudden free time swinging through New York’s streets and searching for the bad guys.
It had taken a little time before her wounds were fully healed, some of them had gotten infected again and again, so Dr. Cho had constantly been cleaning Yaël’s wounds and refreshing her bandages. She had also given Yaël a preach that she should’ve stayed home for a week, instead of going back to work immediately, so it was a bit her own fault she hadn’t healed that easily. But Yaël didn’t want to miss playing chess with Charles every break , nor working with Scott every now and then, nor Logan who seldom collaborated with her to improve the lessons while making bitter statements.
Yaël rubbed her sore throat as she coughed when she could finally breathe again. It was a pain in her ass to swallow, she even felt like she was going to throw up. But yet, Yaël blinked away the tears in her eyes as she readied herself again for Hela’s next move.
at Stark Industries to explain that he’ll be an hour late. This stinks…
Tony nods in agreement, he’s indeed tired, fucking exhausted even. He shifts a bit in bed until he’s in a comfortable position – as much that is possible with all these tubes – and then he closes his eyes. But the noises keep him awake. The pump, the monitor, both his as the one from his neighbor. The shoes of the nurses in the hallway. There’s a phone going off, doors opening and closing.
And this was clearly the reason why Tony Stark and Nick Fury didn’t like her.
But right as his song ends, Mr. Stark’s voice gets louder.
Helen Cho is quite a friendly woman, and not quite uneasy on the eyes either, if Peter would have had a thing for older women. Her long black hair is neatly tied back into a ponytail and her face looks calm while concentrated. Peter feels safe with her, which is something because otherwise he wouldn’t have let her see so much of him. Luckily, there’s something called patient confidentiality, and he’s quite sure she’s following that one thoroughly.
She signed at the black-haired man to follow her, using her one hand to follow the walls and the other to pull the cord with which Lopt’s hands were bound. After the next corner had to be the huge, wooden doors with two guards in front of them. As soon as the guards saw them, they raised their elements just out of precaution. Yaël heard one’s air turning like wind and the other one’s steered fire crackle.
Steve frowns. He doesn’t like that answer. “Why? So you could make a weapon out of it?” he asks.
- Peter in action
Tony rubs his eyes, yawning a bit before nodding. He leans his head a bit to the side so that it’s resting on Peter’s for a few short seconds before he finally pries himself loose of his son. Swiftly, May takes place on the exact spot Tony has only just departed from.
was going to be repulsive. People were staring at her, but she wasn’t sure if they were staring because of the dress or because she was Yaël. Before she walked in, she pulled down her already very revealing dress some more, which, since he liked dressing her up so much, Wade had bought her.
Things have massively gone to shit, Tony thinks as he’s standing behind the glass that separates him and Rhodey, currently in the MRI machine. Vision is behind him, hovering, giving his apologies. But saying ‘sorry’ doesn’t help Tony here.
Peter guesses kicking Steve out couldn’t have been the highlight of his day.
“Any luck?” he asks, but Peter shakes his head.
Suddenly, the door opens and Peter looks behind him, seeing Bruce walk in with eyes open wide. Peter shrugs at him, giving him his ‘what can you do about it?’-look.
“Yes Michelle Jones. I remember her interview, liked her attitude. It’s mostly why I accepted her,” Tony returns. When Steve turns to look at him questioningly, Tony shakes his head. “What? She gave me a PowerPoint on how it would be major empowerment towards all the other girls if she would be accepted, and how it would prove that I wouldn’t be a misogynist.”
“You mentioned something about a presentation at MIT for your father?”
Not that he disagrees with it, though.
“Nah I don wanna right now,” Johnny explains, his language tainted by whatever he’s under the influence of. “Is always the same with one-night stands and Im tired.”
footage must have appeared on the news about their fight in the Leipzig airport.
“Cap, please, go to bed,” she ended the conversation dryly.
The man swallowed a piece of the fruit before he answered. “You lived here with your father a long time ago. A very, very long time ago. His name was-“
May should be here. Steve should be here. He’s not a good father, he doesn’t know how to be a parent. It’s not like he’s had a good example from his own parents, after all. Now that Peter’s asleep, at least Tony can’t fuck him up more than he would is he would be awake. As long as Tony doesn’t have to speak, just hold his boy in his arms, there’s nothing he needs to be worried about.
“Nah, she said something about some business to take care off,” Peter returns. Of course Johnny would want to know about Felicia, he
The call has lasted two hours before they finally say goodbye and hang up. Peter feels great, after that long conversation. It feels like he needed it, though he’s pretty sure he still had a whole lot more to tell the guy before he hung up the phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So what do we do?” the Valkyrie asked. Loki looked at his brother and stated he was not, never ever, going to do ‘Get help’. Yaël grinned. Even in war, these two brothers were acting like toddlers.
Tony winks at his reflection, seeing the white-haired man do the same back. Then, quickly, he puts back a few wild hairs of his goatee and clicks his teeth together – his
“No, Steve. What you need is to sleep, rest, and wait for some news. There’s nothing you can do there.”
“No way, each step it gets further from us is a step too much,” Tony counters. Peter can see Steve sigh and put his hand on the man’s shoulder to calm him down a bit.
“Tremble before me, Asgard,” Surtur rumbled. “I am your reckoning!” He started tearing down everything his saw. Buildings that used to be homes got turning into dust as his fire spread.
In the meantime, Michelle is appointed the new Team Captain of the Decathlon team. They celebrate shortly. Peter needs to leave.
Pepper shakes her head. “No, they’re in New Asgard for some secret mission Thor asked their help for. Tony was supposed to go, but he was stubborn as always.”
Peter stays quiet the rest of the day. They make an agreement on when the others should come to study for that test, but other than that he just walks along and stays quiet. When school’s over, Peter waves them goodbye before walking away. Happy isn’t picking him up today, he’s going to get himself home this time.
Peter chuckles. “Yeah,” he says while shaking his head. “So, what do you think?”
expected, you know?”
“I don’t know, probably. Why don’t you ask them?” That was a good idea, she should call one of them. “So do you remember what language they speak on your planet?”
And then he’s gone. He doesn’t see Tony smile fondly, rubbing the scar on his chest as he mutters back: “Love you, too, son.”
Peter nods, totally agreeing. But then he sighs sadly.
“CAT?!” Peter asks loudly, hoping for her to answer.
Steve nods, face looking serious, if not a little pained.
Aunt May isn’t home, running another shift at the hospital, once again working too hard to bring money on the table. It’s bothering Peter quite a lot, thinking how he’s got one sickeningly rich father who would be able to get them out of their troubles without any effort. The only problem is that said father has no idea he
“Well, at least I asked you to stay on the ship, so you can’t blame me for pulling you into this fight.”
Peter snorts. “You weren’t even interested in Gwen anymore. Why are you suddenly turning this into such a big deal?!”
, he thinks to himself. Then he starts running towards his son, who is finally moving a bit. At least that’s a sign of life. It’s at least a
yours, but you can be certain that you’ll get it once the time is there, Mister Parker,” Tony says, watching how the boy’s face lights up a little bit after hearing that.
“Don’t bother, he’s already on his way,” Sharon stops her with a small hand gesture. “I came across him when I came here.”
Venom is gone. It’s such a big letdown that it takes a few minutes for anybody to start talking.
“So you met this guy before, right?” MJ whispers into his ear while they wait for the doors to open. Peter leans back towards her.
“Not your fault, Cap,” Tony says, pushing himself up and cursing when his hands protest in pain. Steve immediately takes them in his own and inspects his fingers thoroughly, but Tony doesn’t like the look in his eyes.
Peter sits up again, holding up his hands in the air and shaking his head.
, but it’s kind of a bit of torture, too.
Tony doesn’t wait for an answer. He closes the phone shut, and puts it on the nightstand. Then he tries to go over that in his head; He keeps on forgetting everything. He hates feeling like this, it’s infuriating. He keeps on doing things wrong!
to make a sex tape?” James asks, sounding literally appalled and shocked by it. Steve’s mouth flies open, eyes going wide. Then he throws a glare at Tony.
“Who is that beautiful girl there?” he asks in a whisper. Both Peter and Ned turn to where Harry’s looking at. Peter’s eyebrows go up when he finds MJ on the receiving end of that stare. MJ, who is walking their way with her hair pulled up messily and blowing a bubble with chewing gum. She’s holding her plate with lunch, and probably comes to take her usual place at their table without bothering to talk to them much.
He’s stopped by Steve’s hand grabbing on to his arm, reminding Tony very much of the time of their first kiss.
“All hail the gods!” someone yelled. Nope, they were just plainly dumb.
“You okay?” Tony asks. Peter shakes his head, moving around nervously.
Yaël should tell Charles one day that his voice was extremely soothing, as her words were stuck at that moment. Surely the telepath didn’t need to hear her say it as he could hear her think it. So he smiled the most warm smile he had as he started telling her random stories about adventures he once had, about a certain species of flowers, about a book he had read…
“What, you think I’m gonna smash this screwdriver in my chest, is that it?” Mr. Stark asks, sounding completely different at that point. “Think I might pop few pills too many? Electrocute myself?”
“Did something happen? Why are you late?” he asks in concern. Peter shakes his head.
It’s almost expected when there’s another knock on the door. Sam and Natasha give each other a knowing look, and Barnes, too, seems to look up expectantly. Tony just sighs before putting his glass down again.
But when she sees Tony smile the way he does while he’s having a call with Steve, she figures it’s better this way. They’re not happy like this. It hurts to admit, it hurts
“Let’s just go home, alright?” he offers. He’s not in the mood to talk about this right now. Probably never. But it’s alright, he thinks. Steve might not want kids, but they already have the best son in the world. He guesses he’s pretty lucky already.
“Right.”
“Oh, you haven’t met her yet? Come on, I want pizza. Yaël, get me out of here!” He tried to wiggle his way out of the ice, but that was impossible. He’d have to wait until Yaël freed him or until the ice was melted.
There’s no way that Peter is going to run off! Mr. Stark is his father; the only living relative he has. The last person in his messed-up little family other than Aunt May who is still alive. Peter is not going to let that go.
Tony asks. Right now, Peter’s mind is going in overdrive! How is Dad with Steve? How did he get the number? Dad is in Wakanda!
“So I guess we’re getting married now?” Tony then states. Steve keeps on admiring his new ring while nodding.
“Feeling tired, as well?”
The people listens while he explains what exactly he’s going to make. While Tony knows that his arc reactor-energy makes clean energy, it’s in no way free, sadly. Apparently, Otto seems to want to change that.
“FRIDAY, Mary Parker died years ago. Why am I only getting this now?” Tony asks, noticing only slightly how there’s a shiver in his voice. It’s best that nobody else is in here, though he wouldn’t have minded if Steve would have stayed a little longer.
“Because I don’t have other pretty clothes,” Yaël pouted.
Once only Hope and Scott remain, the latter already falling asleep on the couch while Hope keeps her eyes on the city underneath them. They’re not outside; it’s raining. Instead, she stays at the window. Tony slowly gets up to her, scraping his throat to indicate that he’s getting closer.
Quickly, he hurries to let her in. Natasha jumps in the room in a swift motion. She’s completely dressed in black clothing, and her hair is tied together in a loose tail.
Peter is introduced to some people he hasn’t met before, but also to Dr. Cho – who luckily doesn’t recognize him-  and Vision. The latter luckily doesn’t seem to know that they’ve met before – that, or he’s pretending they haven’t.
“Yeah, I already filled in my part, though I’m running out of things to say without revealing our super-secret project,” Peter admits with a light chuckle. His eyes are still red, but there are no more tears in his eyes. Relieved, Tony takes the paper, pulls out another chair to Peter’s desk and sits down while motioning for Peter to sit down next to him.
Steve then throws him an unimpressed look. “I met her at SHIELD. We dated for two years, then we got married. End of the story.”
“No, I don’t, I don’t have that right…”
“Steve? What’s going on?” somebody asks behind. Steve quickly turns around to see Bucky standing there. It’s only been a few days since they’ve pulled him out of cryo again after T’Challa’s people found a way to work with Wanda and Tony’s BARF-glasses. It had been an investment, but T’Challa had expressed that he did not wish to be repaid for that.
“You obviously can.”
“You’re not funny at all!” she returns, though there’s a small smile on her lips. Good, that’s what Tony was trying to achieve. “Actually, I just came from Norway. There was a crashed ship there we needed to check out.”
Steve mutters. Tony turns the camera to somewhere on his left, revealing Steve lying down in the bed, on his stomach with his arms under his pillow. He looks tired, but he still manages to pull off a smile for Peter.
“Well, we still don’t know if you’re able to die since, you know, you survived quite a portion of smashing from the hulk,” he replied. Yaël rolled her eyes.
He almost falls onto his face when somebody bumps in on him on his back. In surprise, he turns around and finds a whole lot of red hair being swooshed in the air by the wind that has been blowing all day. She looks hurried, especially so when she starts making frustrated noises as her books all fall down on the ground.
“If we would get married, it’s just quick in city hall. Two signatures and that’s that,” Natasha says dryly before clearing her throat. Bucky then turns to look at her while nodding in agreement.
Looks like it’s her turn, today! Peter doesn’t mind at all!
“They’ll serve hot coco too, right?”
He knows they’re nearing the compound when he sees the trees around him again. In his head, Peter starts to think of possible scenarios that could happen here; would Mr. Stark be happy to see him? Would he start crying ant apologize? He might as well start shouting at him for even being here, for using override-codes on FRIDAY. Codes he doesn’t even know Peter has.
“Why isn’t he here? That’s not like him, to stay away from me when I’m like this? Normally he would hang all around me to make sure I’m okay?”
At first, Steve let her use her powers against him, but then he told her she should be able to fight without them as well, just in case. So, for the last fifteen minutes, Yaël had been punched around by a supersoldier.
I'm extremely hyped right now, because I've just finished chapter 29, and am at 305 pages, which is crazy considering how long it took for me to write my previous stories (2 years or so?). Thank you all for reading and commenting. You always manage to make me smile, and I'm grateful for that!
He hears everything happen in his ears. Tony and Bruce flying over to their exact location, followed by Steve reaching them eventually, as well. It’s like watching a movie with your eyes closed, Peter can hear everybody say what they’re going to do, can hear rustling and breathing in his ears. While he passes a look with Harry, the two of them go to stand against a wall, eyes stuck on the empty street in front of them.
When she notices him staring at her, she raises an eyebrow and gives him a playful wink. Peter rolls his eyes, jumping out of the window without any warning and coming down on the ground without any bother. Just for the sake of Andrew in his arms he slowed down his landing by using his webs.
“And where are you headed to now, may I ask?” Loki was in a curious mood, obviously.
“Nah, I’m fine for now. This has been enough information for now, man.” He shakes his head, still unbelieving of the fact that Harry had a freaking
“What is it, dad?”
“Oh, my boys,” Tony mutters out happily, throwing his arms around the both of them. Peter chuckles, though Steve stays quiet.
exactly MJ knows and what she doesn’t, he doesn’t want to risk her catching him wearing it. Then he checks his image in the mirror one more time before heading into the hallway. Things will be fine, nothing will happen.
“Sometimes I think we’re just doomed to be constantly misunderstanding each other,” Tony then admits. “You do something, I don’t agree. I do something, you don’t agree. It’s been like this for a few months now… What are we doing here, Steve?”
In Peter’s hand, tere’s a glowing blue Arc Reactor, working just like it’s supposed to.
Oh, right… because Peter had left, Tony hadn’t expected him to return that evening. That’s what he told himself when he opened that first bottle.
Seeing Johnny there, trying to look like he’s got everything under control. It breaks Sue’s heart a little. Because Johnny doesn’t have his life in his hands. He stays at Sue’s and Reeds, he doesn’t go to college. He doesn’t even have a job. There’s so many possibilities for him, and he just throws everything away because he wants to be a ‘hero’.
Sure, the man he gets to work with, Francis Farez, isn’t too bad of a guy; he gave Peter the whole tour of the building, introduced him to who-ever he’s supposed to know and all, and even gave Peter the honor of having Dum-E as his sidekick. At first, Peter thought it was awesome to have Mr. Stark’s very first created robot to help him through it.
“When did you guys arrive?” Tony asks.
But, right… there are no buildings to swing from and he’s in the middle of fucking nowhere.
“I’m fine, Steve. Just,” he holds up the box, “time for these little monsters.”
“I have to work tomorrow, but if you want a drink…” she said while pointing at the apartment building. It was meant to be red, but it could use fresh paint… or a fresh building.
“Siberia? I thought he was on his way back?” At least, that’s what he got from their last conversation on the phone. It was made right after Peter woke back up in his hotel room. Though, if it’s going to take a bit longer until Tony returns, he could relax for a moment.
Right when she rolled passed Loki’s dorm, he walked out of it, shut the door behind him and almost tripped over the passing wheelchair. He picked up his stuff that he had dropped, which were also a towel and some fresh clothes and walked next to her when she rolled on.
Peter nods again. “I wasn’t planning on keeping it for much longer,” he says. The argument next to them dies down a little bit, Steve once again assuring Tony that he’s in fact not an abuser. It took him a while to get that thought out of his head, but Peter’s confident that this Tony can manage that just fine as well.
“I know. You still love me, though, right?”
“And I love you,” Steve says, turning towards Tony to capture his lips again. Peter clears his throat and turns around.
“But Dad, everybody’s going! Am I not a part of the enhanced population?”
“I think I got that, yes,” Pepper says, slightly chuckling. “Looks like the entire former team is getting their priorities straight.”
Much like Gwen knew he was going to catch her. Which he did. Only too late.
Peter can return that sentiment, but he shouldn’t indulge himself too much in this. Carefully, he pries himself loose from her, taking a step back and clearing his throat.
“Shuri,” T’Challa says, though clearly amused. The Princess lets go of Peter before turning towards MJ with a bright smile. To her, she holds out her hand for a shake. MJ takes it, looking amused as well.
“Do Tony and Steve fight as much here as they do in my universe?” Peter asks jokingly the moment they get on the ground. Gwen frowns for a bit, but then sighs.
Peter is breathless. There’s ashes, still bits burning even though Johnny’s flames have died down. The boy is hunched forward, his hands on his knees while he regains his breath as well. His eyes meet Peter’s for an instant, and he smiles at him, holding up his thumb. Peter smiles, holding up his thumb as well before lying back down on the ground. His ears are ringing, his muscles screaming, but… it’s over.
By the time he gets there, he’s welcomed by Wanda and Vision, the former smiling at him. He’s never really seen Vision smile, though, and wonders if he’s even able to.
Bye bye, I suppose I'll start proof-reading the story on here now that it's completely out there!
He doesn’t recognize the number at all, so he hesitates a bit. Who would want to call
“Yes, honey?” the inventor asks without looking away. Sue rolls her eyes.
It’s good that he asked for Rhodey to come here. He doesn’t really know how else he would have dealt with this. He can barely even hold himself in right now.
There’s no other explanation! The dude wasn’t there when Peter came in from work, and the girl that actually had to take the man’s order passed along to Peter that the dude’s crazy. Still, Peter’s hungry, and he figures that he might as well just bring a pizza along to eat after this delivery. His shift has almost ended anyway, and he can just park the damn Vespa when he returns home, because it’s about time that he learns what this guy’s deal with him really is so it’s possible that it’s indeed going to take a while..
Yaël gave him her address.
“I think I forgot. Can I…?”
They go by foot. Johnny tells him it’s not that far, and Peter believes him. With his hands stuck into the pockets of his pants, Peter follows Johnny on the sidewalk. He’s right, of course, when they arrive after only two short blocks. The party is at a large apartment building, though it looks pretty… not abandoned, but it might need a lot of TLC, to be honest.
“Yeah?” he asks, rubbing his left hand against his eyes. Talking doesn’t help with the headache.
“What the…?” Tony asks. He doesn’t think more after that. Doesn’t even wait for Steve to give his permission to pick up. He just does, pressing the phone against his ear. “Peter?! How did you get this number?”
Yaël tried ignore her own frustration during the past few days. She still had no answer to where she came from. X had to be busy or simply forgot about her, because he never called back and Yaël didn’t dare to stalk him about it. So waiting for a dream was all she could do, hoping the dream would give her the answer of course.
“Steve, my man, Barnes and I have been in a discussion about this for the past half hour or so. You can help us out,” Sam says with a wink towards Steve, who in return nods and leans against the couch while he waits for it.
Then he stands up and straightens his clothes before walking away from his desk. As he passes Dum-E by, he pats him gently in head before making his way to the toilet.
“Pep, honey, sweetheart, light of my life… Can you just not today?” Tony groans. When he opens his eyes again, he can see said woman standing there with her hands on her hips, along with Rhodey who is just looking at him sadly.
Johnny frowns. Peter does, too. Johnny crosses his arms, Peter doesn’t move.
“Can you hold this for a moment, please?” he asks him. Bruce nods, taking it from Tony and giving him a wink. Tony rolls his eyes once again before taking Steve’s hand into his own.
“So, uh, you’ve become hyperactive?” Tony asks. “You feeling alright?”
He’s been at Stark Industries for almost two months now, but he’s spent most of his time at the Avenger’s facility, helping Mr. Stark create this new suit for that new recruit he’s got his eyes on. Peter still doesn’t really know who it’s supposed to be, but he knows that he’s a tad bit jealous of the person getting this.
“No way! What’s keeping you from trying, Brucie! I’m sure she’ll take you back right away!”
.” Peter looks down to the ground. “But he’s not good right now, just like I’m not good. And we’re both trying to get better, but it seems to be taking a bit more time with him.”
“Stark?”
Yaël thought she could feel the bacteria move into her wounds. Hours were passed after the tournament, heck, it was even night already, but nobody went by to patch up her wounds. She’d do it herself if her cell didn’t only have a metal plank that served as a bed and a metal bowl that served as a toilet. Ripping off a piece of her clothes wouldn’t have helped either, as the fabric was stained with blood and dirt.
“Who- your dad? You never mentioned that?”
“Who knows, I can only try, right?”
“So that’s why Thor and the Guardians already knew me, isn’t it?” Peter then asks. “They had all met me before during that fight?”
He lowered the book again and stared at the cover. It was completely silent for a moment, what made Yaël feel even more stuck. She wanted to scratch her neck, she wanted to move, turn around and take a good look at that house again.
“Don’t you think these kids can’t tell for themselves that we’re old?”
to drop a building on Peter’s head? Oh, I know, just imagine if you would have done it on purpose,” Steve hisses out, turning his wrists even more than before. He can’t describe the anger he’s feeling. He’s never done something like this before. “The way you feel about your daughter? That’s the way I feel about Peter. Because he’s my
the crime-fighting really makes it tough to talk to some people.
Peter groans.
So there won’t be any Steve, Natasha, Clint or Sam at the tower tonight. Wanda was let free because of her age. After letting out the sentences, they’ve even made sure she’s got herself her American citizenship and a chance to get back to school. A chance not even Wanda will ignore.
“I told him not to do it, but he seems insistent on giving you a lap dance tonight,” she explains after giving him a hug as a greeting.
Rhodey shakes his head, clearly disappointed in that comment. “No way, man, the only person you should do
“Get cleaned up, you smell like your workshop.”
“Is Felicia going to grace us with her presence tonight?” Johnny asks once Peter’s back. Peter just shakes his head and heads towards the door. Johnny closes it behind him, locking it while Peter starts heading towards the door that leads to the stairwell.
“And some sunlight. It’s freezing in here. Come on.”
After that, she jumps up. Right when Peter hurries to go after her, the portal disappears and instead Peter bumps right into what seems to be reinforced glass. Not wanting to trip any kind of alarm, he jumps back down, putting his hands on his hips.
“Night, Hap,” he returns lowly. After the door closes, Tony turns to his side, the phone still pressed tightly against his chest. In a way, it feels like a small part of Steve is with him now.
“Please, please,
“Do you know what it feels like if your father chooses your sister over you? He abandoned me, while you were the one that should’ve been abandoned! You think they treated me well in that castle? Like their own daughter? They didn’t! I got trained, day in, day out, just to be a fit pawn!”
(See the end of the chapter for
His fear becomes reality when all of the sudden the big guy turns around, right when Peter wants to strike. Oh, that naïve boy! He should have known better!
“Uh-ow…” Wade mumbled. One of the five men around them, pointed his finger to Wade and screamed
“What, no, you can’t leave it here?” Peter calls out in middle of his class, earning him a detention after that and the confiscation of his journal until the end of the day. Still, the journal is empty after this one; no more notes are written. This is it; the last thing she wrote down before she died.
“Ah, there’s my name-buddy!” Quill calls out the moment he spots Peter. The boy takes a deep breath before rejoining the other people. He walks passed the three, barely even noticing the small ‘Hi Peter’ coming from Gamora. Once he’s standing in front of Quill, the guy pulls him into a strong hug.
“A kid who needs to follow the rules if he wants to take on the bad guys,” Ross counters. “You see, the only reason I’m here is because I was supposed to have a high-tech weapons-dealer in my custody. You see any high-tech weapons-dealer here?”
“But you’re so comfortable,” he complains, though his words are almost not understandable. Natasha looks at them and snorts.
“What?” she barked at him.
X sounds a bit appalled at that. Take that, Fury-kiss-my-ass!
“No, Tony kicked him out again,” Pepper mutters, exasperated. Peter rolls his eyes.
“You heard about the explosion in Midland Circle, right?” she asks. Tony nods, remembering reading about it this morning. He asked Vision if he would take a look, but according to him there wasn’t anything there to be found anymore. The only news he had to give was the passing of Daredevil – the guy who had disappeared for a while but only returned for this last gig.
“Tony?!” he shouts so loud that both Bucky and Sam jump up in surprise. They’re in the gardens, the two of them playing a game of chess while Steve had been drawing – or rather staring ahead of himself. “Thank God, I’ve been trying to reach somebody for days!”
“Tony,” May says next to him. Tony can’t believe he slept through her arrival. The woman looks a bit tanned, despite only being in Wakanda for a few short days. “Tony go to bed, I’ll watch over him.”
Peter’s eyes meet his, his expression curious.
It’s nearing the end of May, now, and finals are getting closer again. Of course, Peter knows that he’s going to nail every test, and he’s almost certain that he’s raised up his points enough with this internship. Even the teachers seem positive that he’s going to pass his year, which is why he’s not really worried about it anymore.
lives with their
wave with his hands again. Peter’s mouth falls open after that and he takes a deep breath.
The phone goes on, and on. And Steve keeps on running, but eventually he does dive into his pocket to fish it out again. While running, he picks up, putting the phone against his ear.
“Class dismissed,” he says. All the kids get back up immediately after that, packing up their stuff. As if they want to get out of the room as quickly as they can. Tony rolls his eyes.
“NO WAY!” Peter jumps up off the couch, heading back towards the hallway. “Screw you! I was able to handle my own for almost two whole fucking years without you two treating me like a baby.”
“There are interns, sure. But only a select few are allowed to work with Tony personally. He only takes the most promising students fully under his wings, I suppose,” Steve says, sounding a bit off while he talks. Then he sighs and offers Peter another smile. “But if you’re a smart kid, I don’t think you’ll have to worry about it.”
“Don’t I choose my purpose myself?” she grumbled while touching the metal walls.
Tony is still in the bedroom, with his hands on his hips and his head turning to each wall as he inspects everything. Peter is all too aware of him.
Peter rolls his eyes. “That’s what you say every meeting,” he states. Tony then just shrugs. “Anyway, drive safely, alright?”
“Let’s skip a few days, shall we? I think we’re on the exact right spot now. Look around and tell me when you know what to do.” He walked towards a tree and sat down at its roots while leaning against it casually, keeping an eye on her like he expected her to suddenly remember her whole life. Yaël looked around, but all she could see was trees and bushes. “You know, you once had this friend here on Helvegen,” he told her while putting his arms behind his head “His name was eh…Horse? No, Gallop… No, I think it was a name in Norwegian. Of course it was, English doesn’t exist here. Maybe it was Hest or-”
FRIDAY reveals. Natasha frowns, wondering what they might be doing there? Should she call up Bruce, try and ask him? For a moment, she hesitates.
Nothing much changes after everything. Peter goes back to school, continues working at the internship, and still hangs out weekly with his aunt.
Peter stays quiet. What can he really say? It’s a good sign, right? That Tony is in Siberia to help Steve. That means that he’s over their misunderstanding, no? Peter knows Tony wouldn’t just take flying to a whole other country far away lightly – especially not after the accords.
at all, Barnes,” Sam counters in annoyance.
“To put it crudely, who of the two takes it up the ass,” Sam explains with his eyes closed and a hand covering his eyebrows. Natasha stops her movements, giving Sam a shocked look. Blinking a few times, she then tugs on James’ hair.
Peter blinks a few times when he walks inside. All of the sudden, there are a whole lot more people walking around here. It’s as if there’s a sudden raise in staff, though Peter recognizes most of them as the scientists that have been busy helping out Harry. They disappeared pretty much after the last incident, but somehow, they’ve returned. A chill passes through Peter, but it’s not a warning for danger. It’s more excitement.
“No, I haven’t,” he admits. He returns to the table where they dropped all the contents of the suitcase, and quickly he plugs it into the computer. The drive seems to contain some of Peter’s old school work, but one folder inside of it catches Tony’s attention.
“Yeah, uh, genius you say,” Peter mutters, putting his phone away again after Ned hands it back. “The only reason I’ve pulled up my grades enough to
The four of them fall asleep on the floor somewhere during their viewing of a ‘say yes to the dress’-rerun, though overnight Peter notices Yael leaving the room and returning hours later. They’re awakened by Vision, who comes with the news that they should get breakfast. With a groan, the four get up and follow the Android.
“Well, how about that, it actually worked,” Steve mutters out. Peter nods in agreement, face suddenly pleased.
Yaël jumped and turned around, she felt her heart beat fast in her chest. It was a tall, blonde man. It wasn’t the first time she saw him in this dream, he had been there the previous two times too, but it was the first time he spoke.
- Not a warning, just a little note: I already posted the next part in the series, that one being Natasha and Bucky's story. There you might read something about a trip to India in the prologue. I was a bit confused and thought I'd already uploaded the chapter. As it turns out, I haven't because we're not there yet! oops, apologies!
When there was only a fourth left in the bottle, she felt a flutter in her head. Unable to think of anything else, she just send one word to Charles.
shouldn’t have to suffer for
After a speech from Peggy’s oldest son, granddaughter and then her grand-niece, everybody seems to be moving outside again to watch the burial. Once again, Steve and Sam stay away from them, and Peter stays close to Tony as they watch his Aunty Peg being buried under the ground next to her late husband.
“Don’t get me wrong, Mr. Stark, but many people have shown interest in-“
“Indeed. Is there something troubling you?” the woman asks.
“Uh, do you have it?” she asked him. She did her best to not sound nervous, but inside she just wanted to take a sprint back to the compound. At least that would be a good warming up for the training with Vision later. Why hadn’t she just asked Stark for help?
With the headset in place, he focuses his mind, telling the nanites to move under the lens. Just like he’s imagined, it moves the way he wants it.
At eight, Happy arrives to take Peter back home and Tony heads to the gym to work a bit on his sparring with Rhodey. At midnight, surprisingly, Tony goes to bed, more tired than he’d imagined. The moment he lies down, he’s gone, lulled into a deep sleep, only to be awakened again five hours later when he hears the Quinjet land on the platform.
“Ah, Peter!” it comes from far away, but when Peter focuses on the source, he can see Steve running up to him, a cap on his head and wearing a hoodie that doesn’t even fit him at all. “I’ve been searching for you!”
“As a matter of fact, I’m not obliged to pass along my identity to you, sir,” Tony returns.
Peter huffs out a laugh, breathing faster than he should be right now. He stands still for a moment, trying to think through another plan of attack.
What exactly happened yesterday? He feels like he remembers the party sucking in a way, but he can’t exactly say why. He turns onto his back, looking at the ceiling while he waits for any reason to get out of the bed to come up.
“I, uh- I don’t really like horrors,” he admits in embarrassment. He could just drop dead after this. Instead of warning her that he’s in this sort-of-thing with MJ he just uses the ‘I’m scared of horror-‘ card? That’s lame, to say the least.
“Are you ready, Peter?” Tony asks. Peter nods, hesitantly.
“Well, eh, I can control the four elements,” she explained. Wade jumped up, while clapping his hands, a little bit too excited.
“Oh, c’mon dad,
“Yeah, sorry, got lost in thoughts again…”
But no, no matter what he does, the chute doesn’t let go. He wants to scream, but who is going to hear him?
doesn’t need to see that asshole. It’s only for the best he got kicked off. It was about time for retirement, after all. Meanwhile, the woman next to Ross drops down her tablet, touches the screen once, and then a hologram shows up.
She starts moving again. Peter startles the moment she walks. He reaches out his arm again, grabbing for her hand. She pulls away the moment their skins touch.
Except for Peter. Tony could never forget about Peter. And in his head, he starts preparing multiple ways to apologize to him. If he could ever do that, of course.
“It’s just a dream, you can break it!” the man yelled at her. She almost didn’t hear him, with all the noise the rock made while smacking against the glass.
Yaël deadpans. She’s got a point, of course. “
Peter ignores him, instead turning towards Ned and punching him on the arm.
They’ve been lazy in bed for the past hour since they woke up, but the first half hour had been filled with just making out. Tony has to admit that it had been a bit weird, feeling such a muscular – and masculine – body underneath his hands instead of a lean and slender one. Luckily, Steve seems to have shaved before coming here, otherwise Tony’s mind would have been even more fucked at the addition of sudden facial hair, as well.
“He’s what?” she then asks, and Peter sighs. All this time doing his best to keep his Spider-Man-secret, and now this just comes blurting out like it’s nothing.
“The website said something about a secret elevator, didn’t he?” Tony asks. He doesn’t wait for an answer as he gives the entire room a long look. “Try and find something for me, dear?”
Peter decides to help out. He hurries to the kitchenette as well, taking out the glasses they’ve prepared and handing a few to Harry.
“None of this is my mistake!” Yaël saw fury flash through Nilla’s eyes and already put herself in a defensive position, ready for the fire. Right when Nilla moved her leg to steer fire, Yaël already blocked it with water she pulled from the sink.
Steve talks before Peter even has to ask.
you aren’t! You might have fooled me once, but I’m not letting you take me over once again!”
“Glad to be back,” he says. He comes to realize that, if he’d been a normal kid that would never have gotten his powers, this is probably something very exciting that would be happening in his life. Of course, he’s Tony Stark’s son and also has kind of been living with the Avengers for a few weeks, so normal isn’t really something he can relate to, anymore.
Peter shrugs. “I suppose you’re going to tell me anyway.”
“Of course I can hear you, FRI,” Tony returns. When he gets another confused look from Natasha, he frowns.
“Is there something you need, or…?” Tony asks. He’s extremely aware of Steve coming to stand behind him, looking over his shoulders to find out what he’s working on.
Once they had entered the big dining room, just another glass and metal room but filled with long, metal tables and benches, Hilde parked Yaël next to her. Yaël noticed how close she was sitting to the head of the table, where Thor was sitting with to his right, Loki. Yaël glanced at him from the corner of her eyes, but he didn’t look back, to busy talking to Thor. As the minutes passed, the tables got more and more filled. Hulk, Heimdall and Korg joined them. She looked around to see where Miek was, but couldn’t find him. Maybe he wasn’t coming?
The video starts trending, even outside of school. People who find it funny that a guy dressed in girl’s clothing is dancing, completely wet and drunk with a freaking umbrella in his hands, share the video the moment they’ve seen it, wanting the rest of the world to see it as well.
She grins at him, patting him on the cheek twice before turning around. Without much trouble, she frees her hand from Peter’s hold and she starts walking.
He doesn’t expect another figure to show up, then. It’s a dark blur, nearly-white hair catching the attention immediately. Peter jumps to the side right before colliding with her, eyes wide as he takes in Felicia standing in front of him. She’s once again in her suit – though a fixed one. Her mask is back on her face, and on her belt she seems to have multiple gadgets she normally doesn’t carry.
Tony exclaims. “
“I was once in possession of the Infinity Stone. Because of it, I am able to do what I can do. But I know it’s here,” the man says. In the beginning, Tony had been fascinated by his low voice. Heimdall seems like the kind of guy that could just read a damn telephone book and entertain people.
“An Avengers-call isn’t something you just put on mute, FRI!” Tony complains, rubbing his eyebrows while leaning on his elbows. He’s aware of Steve looking at him, but he tries to ignore it as much as he can. “What’s the emergency?”
“You have to be kidding me…” He kept on laughing, like he was stuck in it, and shook his head.
I'm not perfect, neither is the story. I think I had too much planned for the few chapters I had intended for the story, I started off with 22 chapters and one epilogue... That didn't hold on for too long.
,” Tony then asks him, voice cracking a little bit. He’s trying to hide his emotions, again.
“The Captain is on his way,” she says. “In the meantime, can I help you out of this suit?”
“How did you manage to make me do that?”
“According to my data, he only escaped about an hour ago. As if my weapons on the streets aren’t enough, now there’s a leeching symbiote out there that acts as a parasite towards people…”
would have ended in the end.
She’s about ready to get in another plot with the guys when she walks in to the common room and sees Sam and James talking to each other, clearly discussing something. Without listening to it, she sits herself down on the border of the couch, letting her legs rest over James’ and taking his hair into her hands. At least he lets her do her thing whenever she feels the urge to start braiding his hair together.
The two should be able to enjoy their date without Peter stalking them.
“I’m in pursuit,” he snaps, throwing himself back in the air and racing towards the guy. In only a few seconds does he land right in front of him. The man jumps back in surprise, his dark, messy blonde hair swinging in front of his face for a moment. He’s unshaven, looking vaguely familiar in Peter’s eyes.
Tony doesn’t respond, instead leaving the living room and getting back in the kitchen. Once there, he puts his glass down on the table and turns towards the fridge to get the water bottle back out.
“With Steve you mean Captain America, then?” the boy asks. Tony frowns, putting his hands in the pockets of his jacket while he shifts a bit uncomfortably.
“Alright, take care, you two. Peter, good luck. Don’t be too nervous, Tony’s not mean,” he says with a wink.
“Well, uh… it’s mostly fine, I guess? It’s mostly that the Avengers are heading out again tomorrow in search of that guy, and Dad doesn’t really seem happy about it.”
“LONG LIVE PENIS PARKER!” everybody shouts in return. The following hour goes in a haze; people try to take pictures with him, some girls dance and even lean forward to kiss the mask whenever Peter least expects it, and eventually, he has to admit that it’s time for him to go.
“It’s going to be fine,” Natasha tells him gently, kissing him on the top of his head, covered by the mask. Peter smiles a bit. When he turns around, the portal is gone.
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“Oh, honey, you have shards in your body,” Tony notices, counting at least three shards that are stuck through his skin into his belly. Steve squeezes his eyes painfully.
“Hey champs, I hope you’re not forgetting that it’s school tomorrow, right? I’ll bring you home, sport.”
Yaël turns to him with sad eyes. “He did,” she admits. “But if it’s relationship-advice you want, I’m really not the person you should want to talk to. More often than not I’m about ready to just kill Loki.”
Steve then shakes his head before rubbing his hand over his brow. He marches back to the couch he had been sitting on, and then picks up his phone and starts dialing a number. Peter takes off the headphones, since they’re not really useful anymore right now. He gets up from his chair, gives Dum-E another pat on the head, and then starts walking towards Mr. Starks worktable.
!” Steve asks with a loud voice. Tony holds up his hands, shushing him, trying to keep him quiet. Steve takes a deep breath before sitting back down.
Peter feels a bit sorry for Mr. Stark, though. It seems like the guy actually saw his mother as a good friend, and she just leaves him like that. Peter would feel betrayed, as well. Though, still, it’s not like Peter had that many friends, and one of them
Tony finally says. Peter jumps up in the air in excitement. He lets go of Bruce and turns back to Strange, pointing at his mouth. Strange snorts but then shakes his head.
“And no old people allowed,” Tony mutters jokingly. Peter grins at him.
“Yeah, uh, she was doing fine last time I checked. Getting some chances at training, which she really needed,” Peter answers.
Peter barely notices the piece of bread being pushed in his hand, but he does find himself coming at some sort of weird peace with each piece of bread he throws.
With that, Tony once again steps out of the workshop and back outside. Peter watches him go with a wave of sadness going through him at the idea of how Tony must be feeling right now. He’s been pretending that everything’s fine, but Peter knows he isn’t. It must be so much on the man’s shoulders, and Peter just wishes he could take a break once in a while. Of course, he knows Tony won’t take one as long as these accords are not yet tweaked through.
Don’t say-
“Hi, I’m looking for Jason?” she knew her hoarse voice only made the whole scene sound better.
“Shut up and push the button,” Peter returns while rolling his eyes. Johnny is still grinning. He shakes his shoulders loose and then dramatically pushes in the button of the main floor. After that, the elevator starts moving at last.
And while he’s talking about strange, he wouldn’t have expected to meet Dr. Strange and another man along with it.
“B-but, you can’t die, sugarpie-“
FRIDAY announces. Almost everybody then turns their heads towards the elevator.
“I’m already at therapy,” Peter mutters bitterly.
“Are you flirting with me?” Yaël wiggled her eyebrows and smirked.
"I thought there wouldn't be any weapons?" Harry asks in return.
Peter waves his hand a bit. “Eh, give or take. Just a couple of them. The rest is still in New Asgard to celebrate the royal wedding.”
“Why is that? And stop calling me, sir.”
“I suggest a deal, okay?”
So, all in all, it seems like the Avengers work out pretty well without him. Good to know. Except not really. It’s not good to know at all.
"Yaël, please don't play with fire against me, you have enough tricks up your sleeve without putting me ablaze."
kid. And that’s alright, it’s expected from a father to be worried. But then again, he’s surrounded by a whole room full of Superheroes. If anybody expects Peter to take off his mask, there’s a whole squad there to stop them.”
Hands off our Spidey: The Avengers don't take kindly to people hurting their favorite Spider-Man.
That afternoon, Peter gets another detention, only this time there’s no way to talk himself out of this one.
“On the other hand, he won’t have to worry about the serum forever. According to my tests, it’s only temporary. Eventually it will all fade away because of how small the amount is.”
Carefully, Tony lifts the boy to his height, seeing the baby giggle with a toothless grin. Just shortly, Tony feels a twitch of sadness at the idea that he never got to know Peter like this.
“Wha- ME?! I didn’t do anything!” Peter says, jumping off his chair and stuttering through his words.
“Hell no! I should have known things were going bad since college. All those nightly-missions? The constant fights with your Dad? Ignoring me and all your friends? The drinking?!”
Tony nods, leaning forward until his head is resting against Steve’s chest. At least he has that to work with, right? He lets out a small sigh before pulling away, wrapping an arm around Steve’s waist.
“Ah-hah! I knew it wasn’t bad lighting,” Tony calls out. “Why didn’t you tell me you were re-designing the suit? I could have pimped it red and gold for you!”
A few worms and bugs crawled out of the pile. Yaël curled her nose while looking at the grave, dug out specially for her. The only thing she could think about was her body rotting away, getting eaten by insects, deep in the ground…But the worst part still had to come. Yaël saw herself wake up again in the arms of the guard, who, without any hesitation, threw her in the hole.
Uh…she glanced at Peter, but his eyes were glued to the screen, so she looked back at it.
Karen answers in that soothing voice of hers. Peter smiles. Then he gives his father one last wave before dropping himself over the balcony until he gets into a free-fall.
“I- Tony- Well, they locked him up, you know.”
“Now, guys, how are you doing?” LL asks, ignoring Chrissy’s comment, though it still seems to have made him laugh a little bit.
Sure, he has a better hang of his stronger powers now, but there are a few times where he loses control. And after putting all this work into the Starkaroid (he still needs to work on that name), he doesn’t want to start from scratch again.
And so Peter starts explaining; about the party. The explosion he saw, the weapons and how they were obviously connected to the ATM-guys. Squeezing out his mask, he barely gets through his words. Shivering a bit from the cold – hey, the suit might be resistant to temperature, but he’s wet, and it’s
“That was me kicking my dads’ asses, that’s what it was!” Peter shouts all the sudden, pointing at the two surprised adults sitting there with confused looks.
“Here you go,” he says. Johnny frowns.
“Too bad, I think you two would make a great couple,” May then states with a light smile. Tony and Steve, too, nod with wide grins. Peter feels his face flush even more before he clears his throat.
Tony groans, pressing his face against Steve’s shoulder while the Super Soldier starts laughing. Peter, too, lets out a chuckle. Then he leans against the door opening and crosses his arms.
The phone call stops, and all Tony can then see is a picture he’s only seen shortly in passing. Peter never really likes to show it, uneasy to talk about it. And even now it feels slightly like he’s invading his privacy, but Tony still finds himself staring at the picture in the background.
“I guess you’re right,” Tony sighs, allowing Steve to pull him along. “Though I need the journals.” He points at the box, and Steve leans forward and picks up the heavy box with just one arm, just so he doesn’t have to let go of Tony’s hand. Tony grabs his tablet and the remaining journal, and lets himself be guided back to his son by Steve.
When the lock clicked for a second time a little while later, Yaël waited to see if anyone was walking in again, but nobody did. With a wide grin, Yaël opened the door and faced the light coming from the hallway.
Miles thinks back of his little Samsung phone. It was the best one back in its day, but it’s pretty outdated now, and the screen’s been replaced more than a couple of times. Miles often drops it on the ground, after all.
"I know, Tones. We never like these kind of things," Steve returns. They don't notice Peter and Johnny sitting on the couch when they get into the room. Heading to the kitchenette, Steve starts preparing himself a cup of coffee while Tony sits down, stretching his arms and groaning a bit. When he puts his hands on his back, he hisses in pain.
“I’m listening,” Tony finally assures him. And so Steve starts talking, telling him about the day he figured out his best friend Bucky was still alive. He told him about what happened with him; what HYDRA turned him into. He told him about Natasha’s story when she’d been shot by the Winter Soldier, and how he’d almost killed Nick Fury in Steve’s own apartment.
Wait, no, there’s more troubling matters to deal with.
With some fiddling, it finally opened.
“I don’t blame her, thought,” Tony adds. “I’m quite unpleasant to live with.”
So I have a problem; there's a Christmas chapter. That chapter, I wish to post on Christmas, which is in 14 days. After this chapter, I have 15 more (the chistmas chap is the 40th). The math is easily made, I suppose.
“Well,” Yaël scratched her head “It’s weird, man. He helps me remembering stuff by triggering my memories or something like that.” Peter lifts an eyebrow to Yaël, but it was Wade who explained it to him.
“I just figured out my dad wasn’t really my dad, and there’s a slight possibility that my real dad is still alive, and now I’m waiting for the DNA results,” Peter suddenly said. Did he say it to make her feel better about her mind-error?
“All you do is make me feel exactly what you are, you make me sick!” You make me sick- Of Mice and Men
Chapter warnings
He and Tony don’t speak for the remainder of the week. And the week after that.
“Uh, you have any idea what I’m doing here?” Peter asked her. Yaël saw the reflection of her own hysterical feelings projected on her friend’s face. Okay, he was panicking too, he shouldn’t do that, it kind of made a tear in her heart. Peter shouldn’t feel like shit, she should ease him somehow, and revealing to him she was freaking out herself wasn’t the best way to do that.
And it hurts. It hurts to freaking much to see her just standing there, alive, healthy, confused. And Peter can’t help it. He walks up to her, takes her face between his hands and kisses her right on her lips. She doesn’t refuse it, doesn’t push it away. Instead, she throws her arms over his shoulders, leaning into the kiss like her life depends on it.
Now completely awake on this Saturday morning, Peter searches for his phone to check the time, seeing that it’s eight in the morning. He didn’t particularly sleep in, but it’s also not like he went to sleep late. Or did he? He can’t even remember if they finished the movie…
“Honey, I know I’m a fast learner but I need a little more time to actually read this,” Tony counters before turning to him with a big smile on his face. Steve rolls his eyes, pushing his head aside.
“No need to panic, this is… for your own safety.” The man sounded like he didn’t even believe that himself. He was able to follow her pulse on the monitor in front of him.
“Just do it, please. He’s my friend,” Peter begs of her. FRIDAY doesn’t answer, but only opens up the door, giving Peter the chance to walk inside. Behind him, it closes again, locking him in this cell with the shadow of his former best friend.
A shake of his head. Then he smiles. He points towards his head, ticking it a few times. The nurse shakes her head.
“You mean your boy?” Fury asks. Tony doesn’t react to it.
, he reminds himself. He curses to himself, smashing the window shut behind him. After that, he rolls his eyes and lets out another sigh.
“Wow, but if he’s your dad, that’s kind of great, right?” she asked with a big smile. But Peter just shrugged.
“Tony! You’re awake?” Natasha asks, surprised. Meanwhile, Clint runs back into the hallway to search for a nurse.
“I hate that word,” he mutters, getting him a snort from Natasha.
Out of the blue, someone stomped her extremely hard against her head. She smacked against the floor and grunted.
Bruce is standing outside, wearing clothes that actually fit him this time. It’s almost noon and Peter’s at school again. Vision is somewhere around here, though Tony has no idea where.
“Is Peter here? I can’t imagine he would have wanted to miss coming here?” Steve asks instead, guiding the conversation a whole other way.
He sleeps good that night. And when the morning comes, all there’s left of Steve is a small letter the man left for him.
“Like I don’t realize that!” he was taking over her energy, which made him talk back at her with some frustration. But Yaël could easily handle that, she even threw him a wide grin and grabbed his shoulder.
“I- I’m sorry, Peter! It’s not funny at al that your old man is sick. That’s not why we’re laughing.”
“That must have been horrible,” T’Challa says, sadly. “But how come you remember and we don’t?
“Karen, call my Dad, will you?”
“Of course, you do, Yaël…” Steve muttered a bit surprised. Yaël laid her head against his chest and yawned.
“I’m sorry to meet you like this, Peter,” she says quietly. Peter huffs out a short breath and nods at her as soon as she pulls away. “I’m Sharon, I’m sort of a niece of Tony’s.”
Wanda doesn’t pay too much attention to Tony, instead talking with Peter and making jokes together. For a moment, even Tony had wondered if there’s anything going on between the two, but after asking a very embarrassed Peter about it, the only thing he got in return was a stuttered and panicked answer that contains the message as: ‘we’re just good friends!’, which is maybe better since there’s still that thing between Wanda and Vision.
Peter turns around, noticing Mantis looking at him worriedly. Her big eyes are opened so large they almost appear bigger than her entire face. But she’s looking down, at Peter’s hands, who are apparently about to break the desk underneath his fingers.
Natasha seems to be deep in thought as Ross explains what exactly the accords are about. With her hands now finally on the table, Tony can see she’s crossed her fingers, leaning forward on the table. Sam once again shifts uncomfortably.
fake!” Yaël mutters after the movie is playing for about forty minutes, and Johnny agrees by throwing popcorn towards the screen.
“Uhm, hi there?” he tries. Steve pulls away from Tony slightly, grinning the moment he sees Peter standing there. Without fully pulling away from Tony he throws his arm over Peter’s shoulder and pulls him closer.
Then, with actual tears in her eyes, Sharon turns her head to the side to hide them away.
When she noticed Cap still laughing with her situation (just grinning, but that was Steve’s way of bullying her) she shot him back with a joke about being incompetent of using a smartphone while being ‘friend’ with Stark-dude. Again, Peter didn’t have to know about Steve’s, quite instable, situation either, so she kept her words clean.
“Tony, I know,” Steve starts, holding up his hands in surrender. “I know you were startled, but you’re out of control.”
Harry surprises him the next day when he suddenly shows up for school. Peter, who’d expect his day to be going pretty slowly as ever, just heads to his locker, meets up with Ned, and starts walking towards his first class with his friend in tow.
(teaser chapter)
“-but
A small glimmer of hope goes through Tony when Steve picks up one of the pens. Finally, Steve stands up, making a few steps before turning back to Tony.
What the shit.
“Can you blame me?” he asks. Looking up again, he gives Tony a hopeful look. Thankfully, amount of people in the park is thinning out, so there aren’t too many people listening along to this.
“I’m sorry, Tony. My head was wandering off,” she says quietly, though forcing a smile on her face. Tony nods, giving her a smile as well.
“Well I’m not really the one who should be arranging that for you,” Tony returns. He pats Wade’s shoulder one more time before he looks down at the watch. With quick movement he notes down the date of Mary’s last journal entry. Once it’s over he looks up at Charles, waiting for him to say just how bad of an idea this is.
“It’s mostly to do with getting up a certain frequency to which the particles in this fabric responds. One certain frequency will get it to loosen up, the other will pull it together,” Mr. Stark explains as he stands up and gets near Peter to observe his work. Then he takes his marker and starts writing things down on the shirt.
“Holy shit, what happened to you?” the guy asks, mouth having fallen open.
“I’m not proposing,” Steve quickly clarifies. “But I am making a statement. Because I love you. And I plan on loving you for a long,
“Alright, salty then,” Yaël punned back, sounding even more dry.
“Hey there. Everything okay?” he asks. Peter nods, nearing his dad’s desk and leaning against it as he holds his finger up to scroll through whatever Tony’s working on. It’s something about a crashed spaceship in Norway. Peter read about it, but SHIELD assured they were on it so he left it alone.
It’s followed by a knock on their door. Both Steve and Tony jump out of bed to put on at least a little bit of clothing.
Tony’s lying in Peter’s bed, much the same way May did in the past days. Peter’s asleep; he’d been awake for the entire evening just explaining to Tony how he practically hates his own existence and admitted to his fears of never being enough. Tony had listened to him, but other than assuring Peter that he
“Err…” he scratched his head. “Whoa, that’s a long time ago. You remembered that?”
Tony sighs, but still doesn’t respond. He closes his eyes shortly, but immediately opens them again, thinking back of the look Peter had in his eyes when he lashed out at him.
Harry Osborn doesn’t look anything like how he used to be. He’d been falling apart before he took in the Spider-Vendom, but now… It’s almost like he’s undergone a complete transformation. His arms are stuck inside a suit, much like they’re wearing in all those cheap movies. He looks every bit like the psychiatric patiënt, only with less security around him.
“Peter?” she asks, a little hesitant. Her voice sounds even hoarser than before. Peter doesn’t answer. Instead, he pulls her into her arms, giving her a strong hug. In the corner of his eye, he can only catch a small glimpse of red before suddenly there’s a whole other pair of arms wrapped around them.
Tony opens up his eyes again, turning towards Steve who is standing behind the couch, looking a bit distressed.
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” Bruce states. Tony winks at him.
It’s a complex situation between them, with Jane being human, and Thor a semi-immortal being.
Ned comes to him during lunch, asking him what is wrong. He even gets a strange look from this Michelle-girl – who is apparently on his school as well, what are the odds? Teachers often have to pull him out of his thoughts, and he almost got himself another detention, but eventually the day is finished and he gets to go home again.
“Oh God,” Peter groans, feeling like he’s about to puke. He’s not feeling wonderful at all. He remembers slightly how ecstatic he’d been feeling the entire evening, but right now it must be about the exact opposite. His shoulders feel heavy, his heart feels like it’s been ripped out right again.
And that’s enough for Peter. With a soft push, he distances himself from the wall, making sure to land right next to Ned, causing for everybody to take a step back. Flash lets go of Ned, jumping back with a small shout.
He realizes it’s a parachute when he’s suddenly inside of it. That’s not how it’s supposed to be! He should be underneath the parachute, not inside of it! This is not going to do him much good! He shouts in panic, his hear racing too fast and his mind making him think back of last time. He can almost imagine Tony flying after him, reaching out his hand, shouting at him in panic.
“Maybe the door is armed against fire and water and maybe, just maybe there isn’t any stone or earth around here to throw at it.”
“I mean, I don’t even know what Loki wants! Why can’t he just be fucking clear for one second?! Oh, I’m sorry…” Yaël added as she felt like she was whining against a complete stranger.
“Well,” she answered after taking another gulp, “Just because the planet is so small and secluded, it was an ideal punishment.”
“Johnny, can’t you just go five seconds without trying to ask out girls?” Peter returns in laughter. Johnny looks appalled at that suggestion.
Somehow she managed to do her make-up and floundered herself in one of the new dresses she had bought with Wade, because her drunk brain made it seem necessary to look good so when she’d be yelling to Peter, he’d be intimidated by her good-looking-ness. Of course there was no logic there, only her drunk brain that was glitching around. In her head, looking good plus being angry would make her seem like a goddess.
It’s the week of the finals. Despite everything that happened, and most of the school being crushed into debris and broken pieces, even Midtown High seems to have agreed on the fact that they should just keep the tests on their schedule. Peter hates it.
“Don’t even ask,” Peter mutters, balling up the suit and throwing it into his backpack.
“I didn’t think so,” Thor answered right before he threw his hammer at her. But somehow she grabbed it in full flight and smirked at him. “This is not possible,” Thor said confusedly.
“Indeed you have,” Bruce says. “You used it for something good. Now think about Tony, who lives for his work. He creates, uses that mind of his almost non-stop to make gadgets and other stuff. Now imagine that you suddenly
“Night, Ned!”
Yaël felt the lump in her throat growing bigger. “Alright, this isn’t working. I’m calling your aunt,” she said, trying to hide the fact that she needed to leave him before she’d collapse right in front of him. Peter grabbed her arm. “No, she had a night shift and she’s probably sleeping,” he muttered out, trying to breathe between his sobs.
But by the time that she gets home, he still can’t find anything to say. He’s got only his messed up mind to think with and, honestly, there hasn’t been any opportunity to think of a plan. Right now, all he wants is for Gwen to be here.
“Sir, I feel obliged to tell you that you’ve been awake for the past thirty-seven hours. I strongly advice to sleep-“
“We haven’t had…” Steve starts.
“Thank you,” Peter says, gratefully. Johnny, too, nods at her.
The man had a very big, modern office with big window that provided a lot of light. His desk was filled with papers, but also with a few screwdrivers and pieces of devices. As soon as he hung up, he turned to her.
,” the buyer says, holding his shirt nervously. The man in the van mentions something else that gets the man’s attention. Peter leans a bit closer to listen in.
Peter’s already used to the guy appearing at the most random moments, almost as if the situation asks for it or something. Wade also has the strange habit of suddenly turning his head around and talk to people as if they’re watching their movie. Peter’s pretty much used to it.
“Tell me!”
Steve’s angry. Everybody’s angry. More often than not they’ve yelled at him that he needed to get out of there, that he should listen to Steve or Tony. But Peter’s just tired of the way they’re treating him; like he can’t handle himself. He’s faced Thanos along with them! Why wouldn’t he be able to handle a stupid gigantic robot?
“Why is it funny?” Peter asks. Tony smirks at him.
Right now, he could really do with somebody just… holding him while he sleeps.
“If I send you a sample of some of the fabric and the web-fluid, you mind checking it out for me?” Peter asks in a hurried voice.
Here they are; two people suffering from depression who also happen to be father and son, holding each other in a loose embrace that makes Tony shiver. Never once has his father held him like this. Howard never even kissed him goodnight or gave him a hug when they saw each other again after a long time. Now, standing like this, Tony never really realized he doesn’t ever want to let go at all.
again, and you’re going to wish he’d killed you on that pier,” Tony warns him. Toomes face turns into one of surprise, and then he’s smiling again.
Then the camera points at two figures. There are voices raised, almost louder than all the others. It’s not immediately clear what they’re talking about. When Peter squints, he can see himself still wearing that uniform from when he was dancing. His face turns red immediately, and Yaël snorts again.
Now, that shocked Yaël. Hell, it even stressed her out. She knew what it felt like to be looked at like being a beast instead of a person. The girl wasn’t allowed to leave the compound anymore, like a teen that got grounded. It was clear that Wanda didn’t want to talk about it, so Yaël supported her in small ways, like whispering to her she should keep her back straight when they crossed each other in the hallways or playing chess together in Wanda’s bedroom. Wanda knew that Yaël sympathized enormously with her.
advice from his Aunt, but right now he needs to do it with what he has.
“My name is Isse,” Yaël changed her name into a Norwegian one, since the queen forced everyone in the city to change their names to Norwegian or at least Sil names as soon as her reign had started. Using her own name would’ve been the dumbest move ever, because she must be the only one in the realm with still a name from before the Queen’s Era. “And I found this thief as he was trying to break into the Royal Library!”
Chapter warnings in the end notes.
“Parker, take a breath,” Mr. Stark suddenly says in a chuckle, holding up his hand in a stop-gesture. Peter then closes his mouth and listens to him. “Do you have it here?”
“Look, I’m a doctor, not a magician,” the random person, doctor apparently, said. “I did the best I can do, I gave her a probe and an IV. But even I can’t find what’s wrong with her. You had to take her to the hospital as soon as you found her, but-“
“Like hell we aren’t!”
“AAAH!” Peter shouts out when the Goblin pulls him away from the wall, only to throw him back against it. Whatever is stinging into his back only hurts twice as much now. Peter shakes his head, feeling his breath slowly leaving him. “H-Ha-Harry! D-don’t do th-this!”
“That day on the helicarrier, Bucky’s only mission had been to kill me. And he nearly succeeded at it. Multiple gun wounds, fractured nose, black eyes… You saw me in the hospital when you brought me back the shield.”
“You two are quite funny,” Felicia adds. Then she puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder and points towards a building on their right. “You need to be there. But hurry up, I think the assembly is about to start. Good luck!”
When he gets something sticky and wet in return, Peter lets out a soft shout and pulls his arm back. Looking behind him, he finds Dum-E carrying a banana instead of a marker.
“Keep it, Stark,” Natasha hisses at him. “I’m about
Wanda has her arms crossed, almost looking like she’s dreaming away. The same can’t be said from Vision next to her, who looks attentive as always; unmoving. Wearing civilian clothes, with his right hand flat on the table, he almost looks human. That, of course, aside of the fact that he’s not breathing nor really showing anything close to emotion. Tony decides not to give him too much thought, instead turning his gaze towards Sam Wilson, who is seated next to him.
He can see Harry telling him something, see his mouth move. But all Peter hears is this constant ringing. He frowns, pointing at his ears and shaking his head. Harry, in turn, makes a worried face and turns towards Johnny, who looks worried as well. In the back, he can see MJ and Felicia run back down, gun raised as they probably want to check out why there’s no more noise down here.
Using some precaution now that he knows that the Cat has been observing him in the past, he makes sure that she doesn’t see him enter the tower, using the underground parking that brings him to the penthouse through the private elevator.
They’re aware of Johnny, though never having met Felicia or Shuri everybody gets a bit interested. At least they thought of not telling them Shuri’s actually the Princess of Wakanda. Shuri, that sneaky snake who is gaining way too much information on Peter right now.
After a little while of just staring at a complicated painting hanging on the wall, Yaël’s hand suddenly hurt. She looked down and saw that she unwittingly had put her cup on glass the table in front of her and she had started scratching the rug of her left hand. A handling that always indicated that Yaël was panicking. It was a reaction from the accident. Even though she always tried to hide it, panic was a common trait of hers.
Harry’s crazy laugh suddenly fills the air, and his glider passes him by as he tries to get away from a very annoyed War Machine.
Inevitable, but because I wasn't intending on making a sequel at first, I had this one all planned out. Let's say this one is the beginning of Peter's feelings for MJ, and that the sequel will build upon this when it comes to the matter of the two together.
.” Sure, Yaël didn’t like the accords either, but this wasn’t completely her problem, was it? She’d never be an Avenger, she just got locked up during the process, but they’d free her again afterwards, right?
Steve stays gone for six days.
Steve starts crawling to Tony while Bucky is holding on to his leg. Tony bites his lips together to keep himself from laughing. It takes a little while for Steve to reach him at last. He climbs up on the couch, and immediately cuddles up to him. Meanwhile Bucky is still holding on to Steve’s leg.
“It’s no big deal,” he confirms Peter’s thoughts. It’s almost as if the guy read Peter’s thoughts. “I figured you would enjoy this small trip as well.”
“The last thing I remember, I was rescuing Natasha back in Sokovia. She, uh, she kissed me and then threw me into a deep hole or something. Next thing I know, I’m suddenly in the quinjet, standing next to Thor who suddenly had short hair. He told me I was on a whole other planet and that he needed my help.”
“Not right now, at least,” Tony mutters. Peter, who is fully dressed and seemingly extremely awake, makes a disgusted face, looking like he already regrets knocking on the door.
Besides, who would want to talk about kissing a guy who ends up sobbing because of it?
“Karen?” he asks.
He likes to think that there are a bunch of people out there that love him, now. Steve, he’s sure of. The guy tells him every day before they go to sleep, and each time they wake up. The rest of the team… well, they’ve never particularly spoken out the words, but neither has Tony, really. They care about each other to a point where Tony might figure he’s loved as much as he loves the team in return.
“Bruce, you’re back,” Steve says the moment he walks in and spots Bruce standing there. Tony is already seated and the other two follow suit.
“You should be in the hospital for at least three more weeks,” the super-soldier says sternly. Tony rolls his eyes at him but then gives him a wink.
He’s just tired all of the sudden. Tired enough to not think about the fact that the Cat just called him 'Peter'.
So instead he goes to sleep early. Can’t do anything wrong with that, right?
“Hey little spider, I just made some adjustments to the web shooters. You should head down to the training center downstairs and test them out when you get the chance,” the inventor says, throwing Peter the new web shooters before raising his eyebrows at the sudden realization that they’re not alone here.
Raido turned back to Yaël with fire in his eyes. “I will guide him towards a forgotten entrance into the city walls, but you’re not going with him!” Yaël looked back calmly, as she already made up her mind. “Dear, you know he won’t reach the king or queen without me.”
- none, really!
“You only speak about her with respect, you listen me?” Again, Yaël didn’t feel like correcting her sister’s vocabulary. When Yaël didn’t answer to that, Nilla started talking again. “She wants to uhm… rekrut-“
But eventually it's time to head back home. Johnny and Wade don't even ask if they can join them back to Stark Tower; they simply follow them up to the penthouse. Peter shrugs off the suit, Wade loses the mask. Steve loosens the belts of his gear and puts his helmet on the table next to the door.
, the doors slide open and Peter is brought into the familiar hallway that leads to Mr. Stark’s office. This time, the assistant isn’t sitting at her desk in the front.
In this chapter, there will be an explanation part that will clarify what exactly happened to Peter before the story started. There will be strong elements from ASM 1&2. Because Ned wasn't originally in the story but I really wanted him in it, he's finally introduced! Welcome Ned!
But Parked seemed shocked. Yaël had thought the boy would be used by Wades jokes by now. The boy seemed like he was boiling.
“I’m almost finished with this cake!” Natasha shouts from the kitchen. Everybody lets out a laugh at that. Scott turns off the game before standing up. Then he walks towards Hope, kissing her cheek.
- Tony keeps on pretending that he's fine
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve asks nervously, his hand going over Tony’s face to make him look up. Tony, who seems a bit disoriented, just blinks a couple of times. When Peter joins the two of them, Tony smiles.
It’s probably an understatement to say that Tony feels like crap when he wakes up.
“Okay, what happened?” she starts.
“In case you’ve missed it, I have to be in Wakanda regarding the accords tomorrow. So, until then, the AI and the Vision will be on it.”
“You sure? We could all just go after cleaning up here?” Peter suggests. Yann shakes his head.
And Peggy told him many stories. At first about her adventures as Captain America because she knew that was what Tony wanted to hear. But when she started to run out of those stories, it became the story of how she ended up with her husband. The man had adventures of his own – not as impressive as the Captain, of course, but still enough to get a kid excited. After a while, Tony even forgot about the Captain, and started to see Peggy’s husband as his hero. The man with the wooden leg. The man who lost so much, but found a way to build up his life again. That was the type of man Tony Stark aspired himself to be.
Tony asks without even bothering with a greeting. The way he sounds it’s clear that he’s keeping himself busy with whatever he’s working on this time.
“C’mon Nat, we had fun, didn’t we?” Clint asks, but he shuts up when he gets a deadly glare from her.
“Besides, do you think they’re taking you seriously with the ‘couple of the year’ thing going on?” Rhodey asks.
him?” she suddenly interrupts him, pulling back her hands slightly before resting them on her hips. When a young couple tries to get a view from the panel they’re standing in front of, they slowly move aside until they’re out of the way.
Once arriving at their apartment, the driver gives Peter a confused look.
Peter knows Tony is slowly getting crazy by the lack of news coming from the Avengers on when they will return. Two weeks is a while, especially if there’s minimal contact between them and Tony, who is now only acting as their information point. He looks things up for them, connects the dots whenever they can’t, and sends them coordinates to where they’re supposed to go.
He’d been feeling alright in the morning. Now it’s noon, and he’s feeling about ready to lock himself back up in the workshop and not leave for the following week. Firstly, it’s been Peter’s first night at his apartment with Storm. Secondly, his mind is still full with
Tony smiles, slowly getting up. In turn, Steve gets on his feet as well, though still holding on to Tony with his strong arms.
“What kind of adventure?” she asked while opening the door. Wade did the same.
“You can’t get drunk,” Peter explains to her. Natasha hums in understanding, getting herself to Bucky’s side but not exactly touching him. They’re not as clingy as Steve and Tony are, just at the most touching each other on the arm. They never kiss in public, never speak to each other as a couple around the others. Sometimes, Peter wonders if they’re actually a couple at all.
“Aaaaand now she’s officially Sam’s problem,” Tony jokes. Steve rolls his eyes but manages a smirk as well.
Warnings for this chapter:
“Dad!” he shouts, running up towards Iron Man and waiting for his father to jump out of the suit. When that happens, he shouldn’t be too surprised that he’s pulled into a strong hug. Tony puts a hand behind his head to hold him closer to him.
“Tony,” she says. “Stop hurting yourself like this.”
The person next to him shifts. Tony doesn’t yet open his eyes. He needs some more sleep before he faces the day. He has no idea what exactly happened since yesterday; why is he lying in bed next to Steve when yesterday Steve was still in New Asgard? He lets out a long breath, not wanting to deal with it just yet.
Tony looks around. His head feels dizzy, like he’s been drinking too much. But he doesn’t feel drunk. Not really. He feels… good? In a way? There’s no pain, not even in his wrist. He touches it for a moment. Then he realizes he’s not in his armor.
Once he passes Wanda’s tubes of blood, he stops for a moment, taking a long look at the young girl that is suddenly helping him. He doesn’t know why she’s doing it, but somehow she seems to find his reasons enough to do this.
As he brings one of the pizza’s to a table nearby, he notices him. Again.
The ex-boyfriend groans again, pulling Peter out of his train of thought. He hurries towards the guy, leaning down but making a move to help him up.
“Th-thank you, Mr. Stark,” Peter says, bowing his head a bit while he shows his gratitude. Mr. Stark just gives him a long look before standing up. Then he holds out his hand for Peter to shake, which he does.
“Mach gjøre in innsatsvur å snechen Sil til meg!” At least do the effort to speak Sil to me, Yaël threw back at her sister. Hadn’t Yaël made Nilla stab herself multiple times back on Helvegen? Oh, right, she climbed back up again after that, the painless twat.
“Thanks,” the man says. Tony, in turn, looks at the video file. It doesn’t look too big, though he can see that it’s a few minutes long at least. Turning up the volume, he starts up the file. On the screen, Richard Parker’s face suddenly appears, the video in a really bad quality.
They stay there for a while. The sun moves position just slightly, but the blinding light disappears. The garden looks normal again, no longer magical. The gardeners are returning from their break, not even looking at the pair next to the fountain.
One he doesn’t know he would have wanted to know.
“You know that might not be possible.”
“They needed help. I passed my test, after all,” Peter interrupts him. “Now, stop struggling and let’s get this show on the road, shall we?”
“We were only trying to stop Rumlow, we didn't want anybody to get hurt because of it,” Steve continues. He sighs and shakes his head, taking a swing from his coffee. Tony simply hums, copying Steve’s movement and bringing his cup towards his mouth.
It seems like somebody has been waiting for him, because only three seconds after he’s pressed the button somebody walks inside. Tony recognizes him as Happy.
As if on cue, the Hulk appears, roaring just as angrily as Steve. He grabs Thanos by the neck, and starts throwing him on the ground.
It’s right when he sits down in his seat that he realizes; he never asked Cap for that favor of Peter’s about getting him to meet May.
“She’ll probably start doing these things as soon as she gains more strength…” Wade mumbled to himself.
So, with that, Peter gives the gauntlet a first look.
No make-up, no pretend
“Lagos was one of the many reasons the United Nations have decided to come together for this. After all, Lagos happened only a few days ago, in which time these accords could not have been written.”
“If she left you, she’s an idiot,” Tony says then, trying to relieve him from the answer. He realizes he’s wrong when the kid looks up with big eyes and a mouth dropped open. Oh, he and his insensitive mouth all the time!
, or he’ll be going crazy. He’s never been one to just sit in his room for too long, other than to sleep. He’s way to restless a person for that.
“You see,” he starts whispering to Tony with a hushed voice. “Nothing to worry about.”
One of the other freed prisoners even gave her an old, long cloak. It was deep-blue with some cupper-coloured detailing.  Of course the, uh, woman, didn’t speak a word English, Norse or Sil, so when she tried explaining something to Yaël, Yaël tried to sign she didn’t understand a letter of what she was saying.
Warnings for this chapter:
His Spider-Sense. He should try and calm down a bit to focus on that! It’s been acting weird the entire evening, making him on edge almost permanently. Now, he needs to clear his mind. Peter closes his eyes, listens to the sounds around him, and tries to find anything off with MJ.
there. He could get in trouble.
“Are you alright?”
Nobody really knows how they would react if they’d find out their body has been doing things – big things – without really being aware of it. You could be nauseous. You could be terrified. Scared, angry, relieved for knowing where the missing parts come from…
“Yikes, that’s a bitch,” he returns. He holds out his hand towards Peter. “You trust me?” he asks. Peter nods, grabbing the hand and allowing Harry to fly him up into the air. With swift movements, Harry turns them around, creating speed. Once Venom’s almost right underneath them, Harry lets go of Peter, who has his feet pointed at Eddie’s face. With a strong force, Eddie grunts out in pain as he’s knocked back on the ground. Peter makes a rollover on he ground and jumps back on his feet.
“My husband,” she returns. Thor then turns towards Heimdall, who nods. They bring out the rings – the Midgardian tradition that Jane wanted to import. After that’s over, Steve figures it won’t be much longer. Thor guides Jane onto the throne, holding her hand as she goes to sit down. After that, he unbuckles Mjölnir from his belt, holding it up.
Peter sighs when he hears their voices through the door. He can’t exactly hear what they’re saying, they’re in their bedroom so the sound is muffled. But from what he can hear, Tony doesn’t really seem to appreciate the accusations he’s getting about not taking care of himself. Peter pulls up his phone and looks at who’s online. He just needs a person to stalk for a moment, wondering why he can’t just get out and swing around for a bit. A quick look outside, and he finds a New York that, despite everything, is still standing. The fact that the tower survived is a miracle on its own, though a few floors have been declared uninhabitable until renovations are ready.
“Okay, what are the options?”
And Steve watches as Thor puts the whole outfit together. There are two different colors of red. They remind Steve a bit of the two different colors of blood; the arterial blood, and the normal blood. The one is more bright, but Steve, personally, prefers the darker variety. It might be because it’s the same tint they’ve used on his own uniform.
Clint). Natasha and Barnes stepped out. So did Bruce and Rhodey. Vision’s still there, but Wanda took some time off. Sam’s only doing a few missions…
“Yeah, I do. But that didn’t stop me from kicking the crap out of him now, did it?” Tony returns with a bitter tone in his voice.
May seems to form a protective cocoon over her nephew. Peter doesn’t respond, too deep into his sleep probably. Looking back up at Tony, she gives him a light smile.
The thing is, he could get out of bed. It would be easy to step out, head to the store and bring back some booze. But he wouldn’t help himself with it. With the fear of disrupting his now-healthy liver, Tony instead tells himself to stay in bed. At least that way he won’t be destroying himself again like that.
Besides, rubbing the wrist keeps him from rubbing his chest.
But then again, didn’t Tony reject the righteous owner of said liver, too?
he is, he’s in for a world of trouble!
“I don’t know…maybe. But what does it matter? It’s not how it’s supposed to be!”
Tony looks up at the ceiling.
“Will it be Stark Junior?”
This isn’t going to work. He can’t do anything here. Without another thought, he closes the line to prevent it from leaking everywhere. Then he grabs some tissues from the table, rips off the bandage on his arm and pulls the catheter out. It doesn’t hurt at all, so he presses on it for a moment to stop it from bleeding. After making sure that there won’t be any unnecessary blood loss, Tony hurries to his closet where he takes out a fresh pair of clothing Peter brought along a few days back. He puts it on with difficulty because of the large scar on his torso.
‘It’s okay, we can’t change it now,” Peter mutters. He sighs once more and pushes himself off the bed to look outside the window and into the city. They’re high up, and from here everything looks peaceful enough. “We should just… go do what we came here to do.”
“You’re talking more than normally, is everything alright?” Steve asked.
Steve chuckles, then. “You know, Thor made us promise not to tell anybody outside of Asgard,” Steve explains. “But I guess he can’t really expect from me that I wouldn’t tell you.”
“Hello?” he asks the moment he sees the first bit of brown hair show up. Appearing there, is a woman about Tony’s age, though with no bit of grey to find on her head. She’s dressed smartly, like she’s at the verge of going to a meeting or something. Though, the most striking thing is her face.
Peter complains behind the door.
“Aren’t you
But before Loki even had the chance to open the door, Thor threw it open and walked in, cheerful as always.
“But- Sam said-“
Brunnhilde parked Yaël next to her on the raise after she fist bumpedHulk as she passed. Unfortunately, Banner was stuck in the Hulk again. It saddened Yaël to see him that way, because she wanted to talk to Bruce about the incident when Hulk smashed her into a coma and kind of…changed her life.
FRIDAY asks. Peter hums in thought, looking down at his shoes as he tries to come up with some things.
“Forever grateful, Ned! I’ll let you sleep, now!” Peter leans towards the screen to end the call.
“Oh, what about the time I found you in the lab? Or that one time you left the bathroom unlocked? Even on the damn balcony, guys! The training room, your office, the freaking garage... It’s not normal anymore!” Peter can’t help but feeling extremely annoyed. He knows it’s normal that they like to have some fun, but he just can’t help it. Even the thought of it annoys him a whole lot.
He hasn’t taken out his suit since the argument with Tony and Steve. Normally, after a fight, he hangs it out, or throws it in the laundry. This time, he hasn’t, meaning that the suit might just smell a little of oil and dirt.
“Look at that, look at that!” LL says when he sees the three of them standing there. Chrissy, sitting at her usual spot, holds out her phone and starts taking pictures before pointing at them.
“I will not travel back in time! Such a feat is dangerous and could have disastrous consequences!” Strange protests.
Above the door, there’s another TV-screen. Where the remote is, Peter doesn’t know. When he notices the tablet on the corner of the desk, he decides it can’t be too wrong to try it out a little bit. So he takes it along before he leaves the room, starting up the screen and finding it pretty easy to get inside.
“Hey, Ned! How are we doing over those headlights?” Peter then asks when another cars honks at him for not having his lights turned on.
“No, I should stay with Tony, make sure he doesn’t hurt himself,” Steve counters. Peter can understand that. He pulls his shirt off from over his head and loses his pants. Throwing his clothes over the couch, he pulls his mask out of the pockets of his hoodie.
Then he looks back at the phone, continuing his message of whatever it is he’s typing.
he thinks. Peter snorts, still a bit confused by how much the guy and Steve looks alike. If he wouldn’t have known any better, he would have thought them to be brothers with a larger age difference between them.
“Hovslagtrommataktenslær. Farasvint med flyg-førhov. Hjartetfylgjer, tveimblirein. Ber du meg, eglovar deg. Ri ut, Raido!” she sang on the rhythm of the ticking. Yaël could swear she sneakily heard the guy behind her humming it along. It was the song she and Raido used to call for each other. The others of the cavalry knew that when they heard it, they had to ignore it and ride to somewhere else. That was the only favor they wanted to do for Yaël, since she was the banished one, but they granted her talking to Raido, nothing more. And that was already behind the back of the king and the queen.
“It’s… refreshing, somehow. I don’t know how to explain it,” Tony shrugs. “Say, any luck on contacting Betty again?”
“But you don’t have anything planned to woo-her? I mean, after all that ‘how to ask your redhead out-‘ stuff that happened before senior prom, I would have figured you to be serious about this?” May asks, getting the conversation back to where it was previously, much to Peter’s chagrin.
So he gives Peter an angry greeting.
“Just give them to the guests,” he says. Harry nods.
“FRIDAY, light?” he asks, and immediately the daylight passes right back through the windows and Tony can finally see where he’s walking again.
It’s just that he’s been using India as an excuse to get some other business finished. Though, after Peter’s stunt of falling in the lake surrounded by a drowning parachute, Tony realizes he can’t stay here for
He’s not on an extremely high building, so it’s not like he’s looking down at the city. But damn, the view is nice either way. Peter wishes he would have taken his camera along this time. He might have just gotten a few nice things tonight. For now, he has to do with the camera on his Stark-Phone. He takes it out of his inner pocket, and starts up the camera to make a few quick shots. After that, he opens up his messenger app, pulling off his mask and taking a picture of himself holding up his thumb.
This story is definitely going to be the last in the verse. I'm not going to write a third part. It was surprisingly hard for me to write this one due to my internship and my constant dreading for Infinity War. But the story's never completely over. Unless I've decided otherwise, the timestamps will continue. I have more to tell about these characters, just not enough to make another whole story about it.
Only at the end of the hallway, a room is occupied. It’s a slightly bigger room than the other one. The person inside of it looks sick in every way. His skin looks almost green, with weird scars all over his skin. His hair is messy, going almost every way. His eyes, once blue and happy, now look empty and hollow, almost devoid of all colors.
“Wow, I managed to get the one and only Tony Stark speechless? That must be a record,” Steve jokes instead, and Tony punches him on the chest before leaning forward once more to get one more kiss. Before their lips could meet, though, FRIDAY’s voice fills the room.
He watches a couple of the nurses walking out. Strange is behind them, passing a hand over his forehead in a gesture of wiping away sweat. One short look shared with the doctor is enough for Tony. They’re running out of time. If he’s ever going to find something, it needs to be soon.
“Tony, it’s not
“Spidey?” Hawkeye asks once more, and Peter realizes that he never answered his question. With a sharp nod, he tries to make clear that he’s fine – or will be fine, as soon as his lungs have recovered from the temporary lack of air. His throat hurts from all the coughing, and he’s sure he’ll be hoarse for the next few days.
Peter asks, voice shaking a bit. Tony frowns. Is Peter running somewhere? He sounds like he’s just ran a marathon.
“C’mon, I’ll get you to a great shop,” she says, taking him by the arm and pulling him along. Peter just follows as she guides him through the streets. When they get to a cross point, they wait for the light to turn red. A short look to the side gives Peter a full view on the newest newspaper from today. With a frown, he detaches himself from Felicia and heads towards it.
“Yeah, isn’t that amazing?” he asks. “I woke up and I was just, like, AAAAAAH! You know what I mean?”
“That’s a low blow,” she mutters. “But I guess you’re right…” Felicia taps her ear then. “Comm link, join me. I need to keep contact if you want me to keep MJ away.”
“Exactly!” Tony says, walking out of the hallway just as he speaks. He’s holding up a half-empty cup of coffee, and comes to stand still in front of Peter with an eyebrow raised. “Now, how many times has that been this month?”
“Gotta go! Stay safe, girlie,” Wade said as he ran off into the smoke.
And Tony is quiet as he talks. He hums and nods at the right occasions, and once Peter’s finished he clears his throat before helping him come up with a plan to get this stuff together.
“Yeah, I know what you mean…” Gladly, Charles felt there was something off about the man in her dreams. The subject made her think of something else she had been wanting to ask him.”Do you actually know what the whole buzz is with that infinity stone I absorbed?”
“It’s just a replica!” Peter adds to it. Only, of course, that’s the moment where Tony decides to butt in, opening the door with his now empty cup of coffee in his one hand, and one of his new inventions in his other.
“How would you know that?” she asked him after she remembered he had said something. The man just shrugged as an answer. “Okay, then who are you?”
The truth is proven when somebody comes knocking on the door, and suddenly Tony walks back in, with tense shoulders and eyes going everywhere but at the man sitting next to Peter.
“Yeah, got a hot date,” Tony says, wiggling his eyebrows. “Our
Hope and Scott are there as well. Hope’s skirt is shorter than the other’s. It’s black, accompanied with a yellow cape. Her leggings, too, are yellow. Her brown hair is put into a sideways pony. Scott has his usual grey, black and red.
“I won’t,” Peter assures him.
“Are you feeling alright at the moment?”
“Right, that guy,” Steve complains.
Tony raises his head, as if he’s looking at the ceiling. Then he nods and shifts back towards the other two. He dries his cheeks and lets out a long breath. After that, he returns to his chair and takes his place down again.
- slight violence
The next day, Peter finds himself at school, but he figures out quickly enough that he might as well have been a ghost. He pays attention as much as he can, and he makes the exercises they’re giving him, but everything people tell him goes right over his head.
Okay. Yaël jumped up, pointing her finger at Peter and then at herself.
, 2028
It takes him a few minutes to reach it. The firemen are already on the scene, desperately trying to put down the flames. There’s a large crowd of people surrounded around the perimeter that had been build up. Police agents are trying to hold people back as they scream for their loved ones that are still stuck in the building.
Yeah… so this is going to be awful…
“So they’re all in Wakanda?” Bruce asks, taking a sip from his water.
“Tony, go to sleep,” he mutters sleepily. So he must have been awake all along then, probably just trying as well. Tony rolls his eyes, putting the tablet back down and turning back onto his side to look at Steve. The super-soldier doesn’t open his eyes.
For a moment, Peter wonders if this is it; if it’s going to happen now.
Steve guides him inside, but by now Peter knows his way around. Especially de medical-wing. As he sees Dr. Cho pass him by, he looks away despite the fact that she won’t even recognize him. There are even more doctors and nurses in here, as if the compound has its own hospital-wing –which Peter wouldn’t too surprised about, of course. They’re talking about Mr. Stark, after all.
“Hell no, they mostly fight because of me, lately… Though I guess now I can blame it on the suit.” Gwen chuckles, but nods back towards the compound.
“I’m not really supposed to be showing you this, but it kind of involves a friend of yours,” she admits. Tony gives her a confused look before opening up the file, taking a look inside. “It’s not just a ship; it’s a spaceship.”
But the Goblin doesn’t seem to just want to fly him somewhere. That much is clear when suddenly he’s grabbed by the throat and thrown against the wall. A sharp sting hits in his back, and the tears already starts welling up in his eyes. This hurts, damn it!
“Okay, kid, I can’t stand this sight any longer,” he says, and then he lowers his healthy hand back on the desk. “FRIDAY, can you call up Mrs. Terrence? Tell her to bring some antiseptic and bandages for multiple cut-wounds.”
- Peter being a dumb teenager in search for trouble
Tony rolls his eyes, but leans forward and kissing him on the mouth once again. It’s short, but still very much perfect. Especially when Tony then puts his head against Steve’s chest, holding him in a simple embrace. Steve closes his eyes, gently rocking them around a bit.
“Care to come and eat a bit, sport?” he asks. The two girls on the bed suddenly jump on their feet. That’s when Steve gets a look at their robes as well. Mantis is in a long dress with mostly black and green colors. Shuri’s are a combination of brown, purple and black. They look absolutely stunning, he must say.
The inside is also completely different from what he’d expected. He remembers Oscorp had been open and full of stairs with a receptionist on his right the moment he got in. Here, it looks more like a hotel lobby than an actual business.
It’s not the sound that comes when somebody crashes the door angrily, neither is it one where the wind smashes it close before anybody else can do it. This is the sort of sound that reminds Peter of the time the Lizard invaded the school.
It’s already been a day with way too much happening. Scratch that, not a day. A whole freaking week or so. This shit with Johnny, then MJ, then Uncle Ben’s killer, then finding out he freaking DIED in an alternate reality his dads fixed (That part has not quite yet sunk in, so Peter figures it’s going to take a little bit before he realizes he actually
?” Ned asks after a certain time of shouting and squealing.
! Holy crap! “Ho-how’re you- how have you been? Where are you?”
about who you love, anymore.”
“My-uh… I lost somebody I l- my, uh, girlfriend-“ Peter starts, but he never manages to finish the sentence.
!” Happy presses on, and Peter nods nervously again. Before he can ask anything else, Happy walks away again, leaving Peter to change.
That’s how long Peter has been here now, working at Stark Industries as an intern. Supposedly, as one of the few that is honored with the chance to work alongside Mister Tony Stark himself, which is a big deal, as it turns out.
“Peter?!” the girl calls out. And it’s in that surprise that Peter realizes who he’s talking to. Because he was constantly almost being attacked, he didn’t stop to think about it. Just those few seconds of respite, his mind clicks in, his chest aching at the realization.
Scott nods, and the two say their goodbyes to everybody before heading out of the room. Bruce then, too, comes to stand up.
“THEN THAT WOULD MEAN YOU’RE AN AVENGER BEFORE BEING A PARENT, STEVE!”
“It isn’t,” Steve agrees with his arms crossed, looking at Tony with that intense gaze. “Before we got separated the way we did, I had every intention to tell you we were done.”
“Holy crap!” Peter almost shouts out. Tony smirks.
“Good luck with that,” another says. “Besides, I don’t think you’re the Cap’s type.”
“Oh my god,” James groans, putting his hands in front of his eyes. “I should not be watching this…”
“You guys talking about me?” he asks jokingly. “I mean, of course you are, I’m awesome, after all.”
“Eh, it wasn’t really the flu…” ‘Conversion disorder’, that’s what Charles had called the onfall she had gone through. He had done some research, called and spoke to some big doctors about it and some of them weren’t able to tell him what went on with her, but others, who did found something, came up with the same result: Conversion disorder. That basically meant that her physical symptoms arose in response to her mental state, being confronted with extreme stress and trauma. So her mind started attacking her body. It surely sounded crazy, Yaël had never heard of it before, but it fitted what happened precisely.
FRIDAY reveals. Tony glares up at the ceiling.
Everything went black for a few seconds.
“And then you disappear, just like that! You don’t go to school, you’re not at your apartment… You’re just, gone! How could I even get my payback like that?”
“But we need to let him finish the job, otherwise-“
“Listen, he’s the Vulture-guy Petey was going after. And when he realized Peter was his daughter’s date to homecoming, he gave him the chance to back out, or otherwise he would kill Peter and his family.”
Wait, no. He’s not suddenly going to let down his walls. They kissed
Then, in the background, there’s a few people talking to each other.
So it seemed this man was guarding her too, but he didn’t notice the missing cage, like it was still there, like Yaël never even used her powers. He just sat there, frowning at the screen of his tablet. It reminded Yaël to her last dream, when Cap didn’t notice the rain. Maybe her memories overlaid in this dream-world, but it was freaking confusing her. What parts of this dream belonged together? The man had dark hair, a goatee and dark eyes. His knee went up and down nervously.
“He saw me in the suit,” he admits.
Peter watches everything pass him by in a blur. Steve respects the road-laws – of course he does – and never drives faster than allowed. He stops at every red sign, and always warns Peter whenever they’re riding on something bumpy. The drive itself takes around fifteen minutes.
“Whoa, sounds cool. Well, if they can come, you’re invited as well, Parker,” Flash says, slapping him once on the shoulder before running off again. Peter just frowns, figuring that, even when trying to apologize, Flash is still kind of a jerk. Well, not everybody can be a hero, he figures. He checks his phone again, and then moves to his last class of the day.
“Even? How could we be even?” Tony asks in confusion. Steve opens his mouth, but suddenly his breath catches.
Harry and Hilde are heading out, Scott and Hope have their little apartment. There’s not much left to choose from, after all.
“And what if
“And right on time, too! I mean, I’m getting better at cooking, but Steve managed to save this batch here!” May chuckles a bit before putting the pot down on the table. “You truly are a hero, Mr. Rogers,” she jokes.
“I’m sorry you have to see all of this all the time, Peter. It’s the medication, they make him react heavily sometimes,” Steve starts to explain when he locks down the workshop behind them. Peter just shrugs.
“In those few hours, I somehow managed to get you into the board and went to the doctors that tended you to check on your condition.” He finished, like he had explained his whole point, but Yaël still didn’t get it.
“He wants to join the Avengers again. But last time I let him, he ended up getting his neck snapped,” Tony blurts out. He stops talking and takes a few deep breaths while he tries to control the stinging in his eyes. “Anyway, I know I can’t entirely leave the Avengers behind me. I’m part of the team again. But I can do my damnest to keep my son out of it all.”
“IT IS IMPORTANT!” Peter assures him.
, it’s all
“C’mon, you know Happy doesn’t like me,” Peter complains. “Do you really think he’ll listen?”
There’s ringing in his ears, and a pressure in his eyes. Tony’s teeth are clattering as he looks at the scene before him. Is it him, or is he shaking?
“The day after then, after school? I’ll get Happy to pick us up.”
No, surely there’s a lot of security around there; they’d catch him on the act, and his secret will be once again blown.
The one girl turns into another one. Until he’s dancing with another guy, instead. After that, it’s a whole group of teens. It’s never anything special, just two people turned towards each other, drinking and moving their bodies in the rhythm of the music. Peter barely even realizes it when his ‘dance partner’ disappears again and another one has taken their place.
“I don’t- I don’t know how to look at Steve without remembering Siberia. And he might love me, and I might love him, but in the end it doesn’t change what happened.”
The class starts. Peter is aware of the professor talking in the front, writing things down on the blackboard as he once again describes every little function of the human cell. Peter isn’t paying attention, already knowing all this stuff. Instead he writes down his own notes, suggestions on what he’s going to do about the suit and how he’s going to fix it back up.
Oh, please, Yaël reacted bitterly in her mind. But Charles was right, she really didn’t need to destroy the city once again. So she breathed in deeply and closed her eyes. When she opened them again, the cab driver, who actually looked scared as hell, pulled over at the cab at the airport. Yaël threw the door of the car open, took her stuff and got out, to be greeted by young Charles.
“So what’cha doin’ here?” she asks.
“Tony what’s going on?” Steve asks in worry. Tony just grunts, closing the hatch of the jet and forcing the aircraft into the air. They didn’t even get to say goodbye to the others, but that hardly matters. There’ll be other times for them to go to New Asgard. And sure, it sucks that it’s now because they’ve got everybody together again since the war, but Tony can’t in his good conscience stay here knowing that something is risking Venom to escape again.
“I understand,” he returns. “But honey, he’s doing better already!”
Yaël sighed and sat down again, there was clearly no use in trying to get out of this creepy hallway. “So tell me, how did you end up in here?” she asked as she had nothing else to do.
“The WHAT NOW? Where do I find a freaking goddess?!” Yaël stared at the satin-ish fabric in her hands, a fabric that clearly used to shimmer.
of the students looking at him curiously; probably the new ones who didn’t know about Peter’s internship at SI. But the one person that does get his attention is Liz.
For a short second, his mind wanders back to the suit. It’s not really much action he’s expecting here. Would it be so much trouble if he would just…? No, better not. Steve still hasn’t declared him fit for it anyway.
Steve eventually lets go of him and pulls away as well, watching how Tony comes to sit up. Both breathing heavily, Steve tries desperately to catch Tony’s eyes while Tony does his best to avoid Steve’s.
The Talkshow: The talkshow of revelations, or otherwise called as 'that one time Steve came out on live television'.
FRIDAY responds. Peter sighs.
Dr. Cho chuckles and finishes up her stitches, cleaning them once more before bandaging them up.
It’s not a date.
there. “Is Steve going to join us?”
“Yeah, you made that very clear. Which is why I haven’t seen you in the past twenty years,” he returns bitterly. That seems to throw her off. She opens the door a bit more to lean against it. It’s an obvious sign that she wants to keep him out, which he understands.
“Just think of it as some kind of super power. He keeps on coming back, after all, doesn’t he?” he suggests. Steve blinks a few times before letting out a sigh.
“I don’t think it will,” Steve says. “Peter knows how to get rid of it, he rejected it. Venom won’t risk being cast out again. He’s surely going to look for another host.”
“That’s worth it,” Tony jokes, earning him a slap on the shoulder. Meanwhile, Natasha and Hilde are still going. Clint keeps on spinning, though he’s becoming less and less understandable.
“Good, good! I knew you could do it,” Dr. Thatch answers.
Peter knows he’s in trouble. To be honest, he doesn’t know what got to him, remembering mostly just anger and… some feeling of betrayal.
The boxes are secure. Peter pulled them all together with his web. Sitting on top of the cyclone rollercoaster, he could see Happy search for him, letting out a relieved breath for not losing the stuff.
“How is he liking MIT?” She actually sounds genuinely curious. For a moment, Tony thinks it’s a shame she never had any children of her own. That thought gets replaced immediately when he remembers that Pepper never
“Why don’t you
It was the same day Miles found out about the pregnancy-scare they had. As it turns out, they weren’t expecting and never mentioned a word about it to the others. Miles never brought it up. MJ could be a bit scary, after all, when she’s angry. Like the Hulk, only less green and less large.
- more Homecoming stuff with our own twist
“I know,” he sighs unhappily. MJ then turns towards him, her dark eyes boring into where she thinks his are. She inspects him thoroughly, suddenly reaching out a hand towards his chin. Without a warning, she pulls a strand of spaghetti away.
FRIDAY reveals. “
A monitor in the freaking middle of nowhere. What was this dream?
Fighting these goons feels just like old times. He avoids, jumps and steps aside, but never throws the punch. It’s better to just wait for these guys to tire themselves out. Which they do rather quickly. As the one on his left starts gasping for breath, the one on his right takes a few steps back to get his composure back on. The other three start failing their punches even more, and that’s when Peter strikes.
The Sokovia Accords. That’s how he calls it. A whole new ‘rulebook’ that would manage every enhanced individual that wants to use their powers for good. Reed goes through the book with full interest. Johnny just glares at it, and Sue, too, doesn’t feel particularly fond of it.
“Well, uh, technically I’m not an Avenger yet? You see, it’s mostly with these accords meaning I would have to reveal who I am and-“
“Oh, but you aren’t in a state to refuse, are you?” Well, Yaël couldn’t even move properly.
As I'm currently writing the 27th chapter, and I felt the sudden strong need to thank each and everyone of you. I'm literally blown away by all the kind comments. I'm glad people like the story! I've been on this since a little more than a year ago, though it's been since Homecoming that I've continued writing since chapter 4!
“I just… I wanted to ask you to reconsider… you know, uh…”
“I- I thought-“
Tony gives him an unimpressed look.
“Don’t do it!” Tony warns him before he can touch the wall. “It’s not stable. If you move one part of the wall, it’s instant death.”
May’s eyes tear up a bit. “I love you, too, Peter,” she returns, kissing him on the forehead. Then she looks at Steve. “We all do.”
Or was she just thinking about him to find a way to get revenge on Loki, it would make his sneaky jealous mind go crazy. But that would be childish, extremely childish. She wasn’t together with Loki anymore and he slept around with whoever he wanted, even during their ‘relationship’. That, and she had been sleeping around for a while now, she didn’t need cocky Jason for that. And, where the fuck was Loki? She’d probably never see him again. Better get him out of her mind. Maybe Jason could help her with that. OR MAYBE HE COULDN’T. Yaël’s thoughts kept circling like that until she surrendered and waited for a cab to stop for her. She hadn’t even noticed that X had left her mind so she’d have some private freak out-time.
“Are you out of your mind, Steve?” Natasha then hisses at him. Steve sighs and turns around.
“Good,” Tony mutters. He huffs out a breath, pulling his head back until it’s resting against Steve’s chest. In his head, he counts to ten, taking slow breaths to try and relax his body. Behind him he can hear Steve hum out a song. Tony can’t help but roll his eyes when he hears it, finding himself distracted almost immediately.
“Oh my god,” somebody, probably Scott, mutters. Everybody’s eyes look up to the spot Scott is pointing at. In turn, Natasha turns around as well. And Tony realizes what they’re looking at. He’s seen it before; a portal made by Strange. But it looks weak, like it’s not stable at all.
Or for Spider-Man. Peter is having quite a bit of fun at the moment, and he’s already forgetting his own promise of staying away from the alcohol; what would it matter if he would let go a little bit, tonight?
Peter sighs, deciding that he’s just going to be himself. There’s no big deal, it’s just to do homework, make sure MJ understands the subject for the test tomorrow. Nothing more needs come out of this, after all.
“No, still in that coma,” she explains. “I wish he would just wake up. It’s extremely difficult to care for the guy with all those arms in the way, you know!”
“You’re hurt?” he states, noticing the cuts he has on his face and arms. Peter looks at them as well, shrugging.
“Then it’s T’Challa for you, too,” he says. Tony nods, following the King into the car. The drive isn’t long at all. When he’s offered a glass of champagne, Tony refuses.
“What, did she eat it as a baby or something?” Lopt smirked, pulling her out of her thoughts. But the king wasn’t laughing.
Oh and the cheekbones, his cheekbones were pure art. Yaël finally straightened her back and threw him a small smile, as nervous as she was, she really wished he’d just stop talking to her. Yaël sat back down and sipped from her water, trying not to look at the guy. It was almost funny how Yaël noticed she needed a lot of alcohol to be able to talk to gorgeous-looking creatures. Well, even then she skipped the gorgeous ones and she just went for the normal ones who didn’t stress her out at all.
Peter’s watched a lot of superhero movies in his childhood. The hype for him mostly started with his parents showing him cartoons of the Justice League fighting their way to peace. Peter’s favorite character had been the Batman; he was just an ordinary guy, using tech to fit the team.
Peter sleeps in the suit. It’s not like he has another choice, really; ever since realizing that there’s something wrong with it, they’ve tried many ways to take it off. They’ve tried cutting, pulling, freezing. They’ve thought about burning the suit, but they couldn’t try that without risking Peter’s health, so they decided to skip that one.
“Wait, models? That’s a story I need to hear,” Ned butts in. Harry blinks then, gives Ned a short look, and then starts grinning.
“Oh, come on, Tony!”
“I beg your pardon?! You did cause a goddamn scene in case you forgot! All the time you want to be considered an Avenger, and when you get your orders you don’t want to listen to them because you’re not an Avenger anyway?!”
If so, he should really start looking up schools, no? Besides, what should he even study? It’s not like photography interests him enough for him to pursuit a career in it. And okay, yes, he’s kind of good in building things, but no way will he ever get close to Stark’s level, right?
Peter stops mid-movement, giving Tony another confused look. Then he shakes his head.
“Well, that’s weird, I feel great. Very heroic.”
Tony smiles lightly, but it doesn’t stay on his face for too long. It’s, after all, just another reminder that he never got to know Peter when he was little. That’s something Mary took away from him.
“Alright, thank you Mr. Stark! Sorry for calling you on this line, but I don’t really have a lot of time or I’ll be late for-“
“Not really,” Peter admits in all honesty. When prom sucked so hard, he almost came to think that it was just a sign from the universe telling him that it was not meant to be. Besides, after all that crap with Thanos, it also feels kind of stupid to be worrying about getting a girlfriend.
Peter storms into the hallway, throwing the door of his room shut behind him.
“Not really, no,” Bucky admits, scratching his head. “Too much… everything, you know?”
She was surprised when she found the beverage in the back of her fridge. Wade jumped into her little, two-person sofa.
“Tony, I can explain-“ Steve starts, but Tony slaps Steve’s hand away from him.
“Imagine what?” Steve asks, pulling nervously at his sketchbook. Tony shrugs then again.
“Okay, and what do I have to do with it?” X smiled in such a way, Yaël knew for sure the answer was going to freak her out.
“No.” Peter doesn’t hesitate. Nobody needs to know anything about that aspect of his personal life. He would rather have people not finding out about MJ. “There’s nobody.”
some sort of battery, Peter finds. It works on complete clean energy, and it’s almost limitless. Though, clearly, something is not alright with it, since the thing isn’t glowing at all the way it’s supposed to. Finding himself a screw, Peter starts to loosen the top plate to have a look at what’s inside.
Yaël immediately jumped out of the shower when she heard the blow. She climbed in some clothes and sprinted to the place where the noises came from. There he stood, shaking as he was staring at the hole in the ground.
And you can be cured with some treatment and religion
“ESU,” Peter answers, giving Felicia a fond look. “Johnny and I were lost, we didn’t know were to go. She showed us the way.”
But Liz moves away. Her mother found something – rather quickly – in Oregon. They have family there; it’s a temporary solution for now. Her father doesn’t want them in New York during the trial. Peter feels his chest ache at the idea that it’s also his fault he brought this family down.
The man gives him a confused look. The fact that Tony used his first name should be indication enough that Tony’s really serious about it. He still has the journal in his hand, and he’s aware of the annoyance coming from May, who still can’t seem to follow what’s going on.
“Uh, it’s my suit?” he asks in confusion, voice cracking from crying. Happy just frowns.
Two weeks later
comes out. Peter wants to smash his own face against the ground. He came here to look for a way to talk to Mr. Stark, but somehow his train of thoughts brought him onto a point where he might actually think about going on a date with another dude.
“You’re leaving now, right? Make sure not to drop any more cities from the sky, alright? And take Wanda with you! She should be on the field once in a while, I think she’s going crazy if she can’t do anything. Rogers, take that suit with you, I didn’t make it just for the mannequin to wear it. Don’t scratch it, it’s worth a lot!”
“You know, like, Dust and Surge. They’re roommates, but damn they can fight! Surge is always like, ‘I like my body, so I should show it’ and Dust is like ‘cover upeveryting!’ and such! They are the worst roommates ever. You know Logan brought Dust from Afghanistan? She was a slave back there, poor soul. But on the other hand, Surge always lived on the streets. I don’t know whose side to pick here-“
Sneaking into the hallway, she walked towards the stairs do go downstairs. The AI still hadn’t noticed her when she was standing in front of the electronic card reader next to a blurred glass door. So far so good. She pulled the card she had ‘stolen’ from Jason in the card reader and waited for a signal. It took a little while as the machine needed to scan the realness of the card, so Yaël started to unconsciously scratch her hand again.
“Red and gold is your style,” Peter counters. “Besides, you had any luck on that Tritium-case? What did Dr. Octavius do now?”
after all.
“Yeah, but how else am I going to do it?” Peter asks, throwing his arms in the air.
“Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you, miss!” he said while walking towards Yaël, motioning he wanted to help her. Yaël simply lifted a finger as a sign that he had to wait for a second before she was going to talk, still rubbing her toe. It gave her a second to indulge what she just had seen. The guy talking to her had long dark-brown, almost black hair knotted into a bun. His brown eyes followed every movement she made. He was tall and fit, not extremely muscular, but clearly sporty.
Yeah, it was a long day, but looking at Annie’s sleeping form on the back seat, Tony can’t help but feel that usual fondness he has whenever he looks at his granddaughter. He can’t help but reach out his hand towards Steve, who takes it immediately without taking his eyes off the road.
Peter looks down guiltily.
When he washes his hands, Peter takes a good look at the person he sees in front of him, actually a bit surprised at the weight he’s gained again. In comparison to how he’s been back in September, it’s a good difference.
Tony lets out a small sound, but is unable to form any words. When Peter’s standing in front of the elevator, he looks up to the ceiling.
“No, no, of course not,” he says. Tony lets out a relieved breath, feeling his heart calm down a little bit. He would probably have had a heart attack if Steve would hate just popped the question right here, right now. “Just, I wanted to ask…”
Tony has never jumped in action so quickly. In just a matter of seconds, the Iron Man suit is surrounding him and he’s in the air.
Tony sighs. He should get this started. He claps his hands together, taking the compresses and soaking them with antiseptic. He reaches behind him, swabbing it over his back. He has the hope that that injection will be enough, but he figures that it might not, so it’s best to take the worst first.
sex-life, and nobody else has any business with it, no?
“Yeah, sure,” Peter responds. Then he follows Tony outside again. In the hallway, he sees the three talking to the man Peter recognizes as the King of Wakanda. He can’t hear what they’re discussing, but it’s put on hold when suddenly Vision appears, takes Wanda’s hand into his own and gives her a gentle kiss on the mouth. After that, he flies off again without giving Wanda the chance to respond.
“I need to hang up now. I’ll keep you posted. You stay out of trouble?”
When he came to the idea of getting to know Mr. Stark, he’d never thought it would be this hard to actually
“Yo, lover-boy, you ever going to help?” Johnny suddenly asks while knocking on the door. Peter looks up, jumping out of the bed and almost literally running to the door.
“When?”
“Hey, pal,” he greets the skinny boy.
“I know you don’t like to hear it, but you’re not together anymore, Steve,” Bucky starts. “It hurts, I totally understand, but c’mon Steve…”
Apparently, he has. He must have done it during the phone call or something.
the bloodstream.
“You keep on telling me that I need to talk if there’s something bothering me, whether it’s the panic attacks, or whatever else that has to do with the depression,” Peter starts. He takes a deep breath and closes the screens. “I want you to know that I can listen, too, if you want.”
“You mean aside of the fact that he’s just kicked his boyfriend out of the house for the eleventh time because he’s on this idiotic quest to deal with his problems by himself?” Rhodey throws in before Tony can respond.
“You need a distraction?” Tony wonders out loud. He feels Steve nod against him, appearing so miserable. Tony can’t deny him like that. “Okay, I’m yours to do as you please.”
“We don’t need to bring that up. Bygones and all,” the engineer mutters back. Peter frowns, taken aback by the answer. Of course, he knows Tony Stark well enough now to know that the man avoids conversations like these like it’s an infectious disease.
“Everybody here is using their power to win. I cannot really help it that I am
“Two men, they introduced themselves as Professor X and Nick Fury,” Yaël explains, as if that’s the most boring thing in the world. Instead, Peter’s mouth falls open in surprise upon hearing those names.
Time to prove him wrong. Tony opens up the suit easily. It’s not a perfect suit, in no way finished yet. He hasn’t even worn one since Siberia. It was just supposed to be controlled by FRIDAY, rather than to have Tony steering it.
“Okay, say goodbye to your grandpa’s and then you go brush your teeth,” Peter instructs his daughter fondly. Annie nods, rubbing her eyes before turning towards Steve and Tony and wrapping her arms around both their middles.
And right before she saw Loki’s apparition turn to dust, Yaël managed to ask: “Wait, did you tell me you want to leave this planet so I can go with you and go back home?”
“Peter? What’s wrong?” Steve suddenly asks. Of course he does; from where Steve is sitting, he, too, would think that Mr. Stark is sleeping. How could he even suspect that it’s not that?
It doesn’t hurt anymore – at least, not immediately. It’s still difficult to swing around for a longer period of time, meaning that his Spider-Man outings still haven’t been as much. But there isn’t more than that. It’s still a pink line where his suture has been, and on his back there’s a scar from that metal pin that ruptured his spleen. He figures those scars will always be there from now on.
Steve smiled, reaching up an aching hand to wipe away the tears he hadn’t realized were rolling over his cheek.
“Shit,” he mutters out, rubbing his chest as usual. Carefully, he gets back on his feet. The three Avengers have already disappeared again. He needs another approach. Needs to avoid confronting Barnes and Natasha.
That, and there’s also the fact that Deadpool saved his life that one time, but that’s a story for another day.
These ships… that’s a
Maybe it’s the ache in his chest? The way it feels like there’s a hundred knives pushed through it.
Sadly, that is not granted to him. His eyes fly open when a cold shudder is going through him again – the Spider-sense! – and before he knows it, he’ll pulled up into the air again.
The destruction in front of him is incredible. He can see Peter, his son, hanging in between two parts of the boat, trying to keep them together with his web, muscles straining under his suit.
Tony nods, understanding what Steve is trying to say. He’ll go along for now, without a fight. But if there’s no change after that meeting, he won’t be so nice anymore. Tony doesn’t want him in a cell for the rest of his life, so he’ll probably not be there to help against his escape.
Then Steve finally got up, put her back on her feet, grabbed her arm and ran off to a spot a bit further, more out of the fighting-zone, pulling her behind him.
“You go on, I’m headin’ on home. Got some work to do, after all,” she says with a grin. Peter nods, holding up a hand for a high five. When she returns the gesture, he smirks before leaving the hallway. Entering the auditorium for today, Peter is once again facing hundreds of other students, all having taken their favorite seats in the room. Peter clears his throat, trying to catch anybody familiar but failing at it.
happy, too. Despite that heavy feeling of clouds hanging above his head for months since his break-up with Pepper, now he’s actually feeling
He knows the only reason he’s reacting this way is because he’s afraid somebody soon will tell him that he’s actually not that good of a dad. He’s really trying his best, but it’s hard to prove it when your son is already almost an adult once you get to know him.
alcohol! I’ll be the designated driver, I just want to see Clint and Sam getting shit-faced at last!” Tony grins towards Peter, winking at him. Peter, too, snorts. It
“You’re like this super smart guy,” Peter returns. When he looks around for a bit he still seems a bit groggy. “I’m dreaming, right?”
After she pulled off the pants and other clothing, Yaël grabbed the fringe of her shirt. Oh, she was so not ready for this, but it was like ripping off a bandage, right? As quick as she could, she pulled her shirt over her head and threw it on the ground, biting in her fist not to scream out of pain. She leaned her forehead against the cold door, waiting until the stinging pain calmed a bit. This had been her worst idea ever.
“I’ve been trying for an hour, babe! I’m too awake!”
At home, he’s already made sure to change all his clocks into digital ones. Aunt May had found it strange, but eventually she, too, seemed to have found the perks of simple clock-reading. At school, it had been easy to drown it out with ear-pieces put in, listening to quiet music while not paying attention. Other clocks only show the hours and minutes, keeping away from the seconds.
Except for when it’s the Goblin.
And then Liz comes down, and Peter just sort of pushes the corsage into her hands. Liz’ mother wants to take a picture of them. Peter can’t even smile.
“You were still holding back a bit, otherwise I would’ve been unconscious,” Yaël stated, Steve simply nodded. “So, what’s up with you today,” she asked while putting up her thumb in the air to sign to Charles and Scott that she was alright. They went to get Steve’s bag and then they walked towards the exit, where the two mutants were still standing after watching the training like it had been a show.
Steve looks sad, but understanding.
Peter creates Instagram for Spider-Man
It’s just in a passing; the familiar young but tired face of his previous best friend. Just a glimpse of it, in a small crowd that is walking out of the elevator.
They’ve installed a clock in the room.
“Some of Peter’s friends have asked if they could come and visit?”
” Peter offers. It’s a weak lie.
MJ smiles when she hears it. She lowers the bowl and lets out a sigh.
seem happier than before. His eyes are closed, and his lips are curled up into a small smile. He looks content. “So, uh, you’re staying over?”
Peter can see Rhodey roll his eyes. He hadn’t even noticed the man sitting next to May again.
After that, Peter’s eyes close and he falls down to the ground.
“Though in the meantime, I’ll look around for those weapons he’s been selling,” Tony says again after a while. Peter doesn’t look up, but keeps listening instead. “Make sure they’re not ending up in the wrong hands.”
“Stark, are you still with us?”
However much he screwed up last night, somehow, he seems to have made it right again.
Oh, crap.
Mr. Stark said so, himself. “You know she came back at my front door, once. Before you were born. And she was in tears, as if she were having a panic attack.”
“Oh, Peter! I’m so happy to hear this,” she calls out in excitement. Her face is pressed against his shoulder, and her arms are squeezing him really tightly. She’s actually quite strong for such a little lady, and Peter’s almost sure she can hold her own would she ever get into a fight – not that he hopes that will ever happen, of course!
“ Three…”
By the time Aunt May leaves him in his room to share the happy news with her friends, Peter finds himself still an answer short. May turned out to be more enthusiastic about it than he had anticipated, and once again he’s left alone with only his own mind.
But she doesn’t seem angry, instead smirking a little bit. Oh, no, this is it; the part where she’s going to show him his greatest fear, traumatizing him for life with images that he’ll never want to see ever in his life.
Rhodey explains. Tony rolls his eyes again.
Two hours later, after getting another positive feedback-form from Tony, it’s about time to head out at last. While Tony is out taking a quick shower, Peter hurriedly calls his Aunt to warn her that he won’t be coming home tonight. She assures him that it’s okay, since she has a night-shift at the hospital anyway. They make arrangement for tomorrow, and then Peter puts his phone aside again.
Just to prove it, Tony brings up the suit, letting it surround him just as easily as lifting up his foot. Steve lets out a gasp and takes a step back.
Peter listens to the same song every day.
“I love you,” Steve whispers into his ear. Tony smirks in return.
I'll give you the wedding! It's going to be there in a timestamp! I just didn't really want to write it down in either Tony's or Peter's POV. But I promise you, you'll all get the wedding even the Guardians of the Galaxy travelled across the Galaxy for!
So Peter’s alone, with a sleeping Tony Stark next to him. And he’s looking at the phone on the nightstand. It’s stayed here all the time, and even though Peter can’t recall bringing in the charger for the thing, it doesn’t seem to run empty on it.
“Good.” Steve looks up when Tony finally arrives. What was taking him so long? Peter frowns a bit when he sees his father there. He’s ready to roll his eyes when he catches the worry on Tony’s face. What could possibly have happened that would make Tony doubt him this much?
Peter nods, smiling slightly. “Yeah, I’m fine. I’m back on the wheel,” he assures her. “Though I’m not sure for how long. The suit is already starting to resist it.”
Venom in its true form, without a host to help him along, is probably one of the scariest sights in Peter’s memory. There’s the mask, with the teeth and the menacing eyes. The black goo its made out of haunting, forming webs and arms. But Peter figures it’s just for the show, to appear stronger and scare its opponent. Why else would it need a host, after all?
“I’ll see you tomorrow, pal!” Peter says, and Dum-E nods his camera up and down before putting himself on stand-by. One more nod towards the security guard, and Peter is standing in front of the elevator, looking down at his shoes. They look messy, worn almost daily and pretty much ready to be thrown away. Underneath his shirt, Peter feels his suit itching him, as if telling him that it’s time to start patrolling.
He’s never really been one to enjoy nature this way; he prefers the familiarity in modern technology. But once in a while, Pepper used to take him out into the open, whether it was on a holiday or just a walk in Central Park. Tony can appreciate it enough.
Not all the Avengers are currently in the Quinjet. Steve had assured them all that they should stay there and enjoy the break for a bit. Asgardian food is
“ARE YOU EVEN IN YOUR RIGHT MIND?!”
Errr, shit, Yaël was kind of trapped in that one. Quickly she pushed a big spoon of peas into her mouth again. If she went to the school, she must have met Scott there, right? So Yaël nodded again, only to realize that she could’ve put herself into a corner again. Hopefully they didn’t ask her about the course Scott gave or about homework or anything. She surely wished he taught her how to take a bus a while ago.
“What, why not? Why all these questions about my love-life, do you want a relationship with me?” she teased him.
“Hey, Dads! Breakfast time remember?” Peter suddenly shouts out, standing further away from them. He, Mantis and Shuri are turned towards them, having lost their attention to whatever their conversation was about. Steve nods, waving up at him.
“I didn’t say you did… You did nothing wrong actually,” he said while typing a text. When he had send it, he repeated “Wait here” and ran back inside.
“What happened with Venom?” Peter asks. They can’t beat around the bush right now. Felicia needs her rest, and Peter needs to find out what happened to the symbiote before it possesses another person.
Shit!
“Oh, I should make my homework myself, huh?” Flash asks, and then he moves, punching his hand in Ned’s stomach while grabbing his shirt. The next thing is whispered, but Peter can understand clearly what he’s talking about. “Why don’t you ask one of your superheroes to come and rescue you, huh?”
is what comes next. Peter snorts in a result and Tony sighs.
Peter knows he’s the one who asked to join them. He heard about the funeral, and immediately felt like he
“I have so much to tell you, guys,” Peter admits. “And we have so much more to tell, but… first we should get this suit off, no?”
“Oh no, you’re going to ask anyway, aren’t you?”
The girl seems to notice this. A little worried, she walks up to him, waving a hand in front of his eyes.
His face lights up again after that and he nods enthusiastically. They give each other a high five before Ned hurries towards the bus, and Peter makes a run for the back of the parking lot, where Happy is waiting for him in his most unnoticeable car – which is still pretty noticeable, of course.
“Not really, though,” Steve admits. Tony eyes him curiously before shrugging.
“Who are ‘they’?” Peter asks in wonder.
Tony Stark faces his worst fear during the battle against Thanos.
Which is kind of why he’s here, isn’t it? Though, where is here?
When Peter looks back up, he finds Francis inspecting the two of them with a strange look, eyes glancing from Dum-E to Peter time after time.
“U-huh,” Peter hums out as he looks over the last few math-exercises. They don’t look too hard, really.
“I don’t know,” he returns. Steve squeezes his hand. Meanwhile, Peter takes another curious step forward to get a better look of the four robotic arms that are apparently now linked into Otto’s mind. When he manages to lift them all up with just a thought, everybody lets out a relieved sigh, looking impressed by what he’s just achieved. Despite that, Tony still feels uneasy about it.
“Just go, Peter.” The man leaves his breakfast for what it is and heads towards the elevator.
, did he?
Peter didn’t see the point; he would fail anyway, so he could better just repeat the year, take it all slow. Right now, he better focused on getting better, after all.
“It’s alright, you’re worth it, son,” he tells him with a smile. “Though you might have given me a few more grey hairs. Maybe you should stop doing that, no?”
with MJ. It sounds wrong in all the possible ways. Not that he can’t imagine never sleeping with MJ, but… she just… Peter’s never really made that big of a deal of sex. He’s only ever been with Gwen before, and then there was that slight slip-up after that party that nobody ever talks about. And sure, his previous medication used to keep him on some sort of constant edge that he’s managed to ignore for a long while.
“I’ve been thinking a lot, Steve,” Tony starts after a long moment of silence. He sees Steve tense up, and another chuckle comes out. “Stop assuming I’m going to dump you all the time!”
It’s empty. There’s no furniture in there. In his surprise, Peter takes a few steps back, shaking his head in disbelief.
Once they’re all seated with their food front of him, Peter takes a good look at his Dad in front of him. Despite the usual worrying he looks happy. It’s a complete contrast to last year, where he and Steve were still separated, and he was suffering in silence, as always.
- Violence (just the usual monster-fighting)
“I’m going out. Just tell them I’m not going on patrol so they can pull those sticks out of their asses,” Peter mutters bitterly. Then, without any other word Peter jumps out of the window, immediately sticking himself against the wall to avoid falling down to his death. Sure, he has the web-shooters around his wrists at all times, but still…
“Peter do you need a moment outside?”
“And that’s why I love you,” Tony says with a grin. Steve winks at him, heading out of the room without saying anything else. That’s when Tony lets out a long sigh, sitting down on the bed again and putting a hand on his hurting leg. He shouldn’t have been walking like that so carelessly, but it seems like even Steve has forgotten about it.
“Mr. Parker,” Mr. Stark nods calmly. Peter reaches the chair and carefully sits down, eyes never leaving the man in front of him. What’s going to happen now? Is he going to get it? Or is Mr. Stark going to spare him?
Steve nods, so does Tony. After that, Tony gets up with a sigh. He makes his way to the other side of the table, sitting down right next to Steve.
“No, but when can I go home? I haven’t been in my workshop for weeks!” he sighs. “I like to keep myself busy. My bots are probably missing me!”
“If you want to, but you got to take this,” he says, taking out a helmet for his motorcycle. Peter takes it without complaining, putting it on and securing it on his head. Then he follows Steve onto the vehicle, listening to the instructions the man is giving him even though Peter remembers them from the last time.
“Harry’s skipping college this year, Dad, I already told you,” Peter returns. When he takes out the suit he wore for prom, he hesitates for a bit. Would he need it? Could there be any occasion for him to be wearing something like that in college?
“H-how can I help you?” he blinked a few times and did his very best not to stare at her cleavage. Yaël felt incredibly guilty and really wanted to pull the thing up again, but she smiled instead.
“I’m- I’m sor- sorry, I didn’t-“
Tony goes to freshen up. He dims the light, makes the bed, takes a warm shower. And just about ten minutes before Steve should arrive, Tony throws himself underneath the covers, completely naked. Ready to give Steve the welcome of his life, he waits.
spent a lot of time with the kid in the past few weeks. Even he knows that the intelligence Peter is showing is much more than what his mother had. But Tony never dared to hope, because he knows he’s always been careful about these sorts of things.
“Can I see the pictures?” Steve asks then. Tony nods, before leaning towards the dashboard and opening up the screen.
“That’s okay, sir.”
Bruce scoffs. “Awesome hero I am. Can’t even help out in a stupid thing like this.”
Then he explains about the night they both got drunk; the time that Richard had pushed her buttons too much, and she had been this close to just end the relationship. How they started drinking, and then kissing, and eventually ended up in bed together.
“Don’t tell me I’ve been making you bark at the wrong tree, Steve,” she told him as she turned her gaze back on the road. Steve gave her a confused look. “If you’re into guys I can get that, I mean, that guy over there
Their evening goes like this most of the time. After getting their orders, they dive into conversation. Steve finds out more about Tony’s time with the Jarvis’, and Steve, in turn, tells Tony about his adventures with Bucky. Most of their adventures end up with the two of them, hanging out on this very spot. It intrigues Tony, giving him chills at the idea that he gets to know so many things about Steve.
“Well, I’m not going to throw you out, Yaël. I think you can feel for yourself when you’re ready to go back to your apartment, but if I were you, I wouldn’t go as long as you don’t feel good or stable enough. Maybe you should stay here until you know for sure the therapy helps you enough to be on your own again,” he said while staring at the pawns, clearly thinking about his next move. “But that doesn’t mean you can’t meet up with your friends. This place isn’t a prison, dear.”
“Like I’d really want Deadpool as my friend,” Peter answers after a long thought, but he realizes that she’s actually right. The best thing he might be able to do is to just talk to these new people. He’s got Wanda already on his side, but now there’s this Yaël girl whose life seems even more fucked up than his own, and, sadly enough, Wade. Of course, the more Peter is able to avoid Wade, the better he’ll be from it.
“Never mind, what I’m trying to say is; we need to take a few steps back. Maybe just go on a few dates and get to know each other a bit more,” Tony clarifies.
“Thank you for letting me borrow this, honey,” he says, loud enough for everybody to hear. Then he quickly pecks Steve on the cheek before taking his place on the seat he’d been sitting on before.
she answers. Then she hangs up without saying anything else. Peter wonders if she’s angry for him heading off without a warning, but there’s nothing more to do about that. Quickly, he turns the phone on silent and puts it aside, turning back towards Tony and trying to appear like he’s not too embarrassed about what just happened.
You said that you would accept it if I’d say the words. And I did, and now you’re still following my ass all around like a kicked puppy!”
“That’s right, I did. After I found out you’ve been lying to me for two years!”
“I can fly home,” Johnny says.
“Is there a problem, son?” Tony asks.
“Okay, Peter’s here for his training. Just… chase them off, try and get them back to the compound. I’ll take care of them, alright?”
So, instead Peter sighs, drops the money onto the table along with the ticket, and then hurries to the table he’s been avoiding all evening already.
“Harry?!” Peter asks. Harry jumps off the board and holds out his hand towards Peter, giving him a wide grin.
Tony stark knows he shouldn’t be hiding away back at the compound, but still he finds himself right there, doing nothing other than staring right outside and watching the trees shake from the sudden wind that came up about an hour ago.
Wade! After a few bleeps, Wade’s voicemail started talking. “
“Lopt?” she whispered, clearly afraid to make too much sound. Yaël remembered thinking she never escaped from being buried alive, as she saw the scene from her memory in front of her. It took her a few months after that to stop thinking she was under the ground, every time she woke up in complete darkness. The sound of footsteps was coming from the direction of the opening of the cave.
“No I’m not!” Peter counters loudly. The Cat giggles after that.
Her first few days as a teacher were almost done as it was Thursday-afternoon already. Arts was almost over, so Yaël started packing her stuff and told the kids to bring her their works, so she could file those per student. There were a few outstanding works, she noticed as the students kept bringing her drawings before they walked out. One drew a beautiful detailed hummingbird flying through a triangle and another sketched an elephant standing on a small cube. Wade was the last to bring her his masterwork.
