"Feel that?" A groan escaped John's throat. "Feel that hard cock? Filling you, stuffing you, waiting to breed you?"
As Sir Albert raised a finger to point at Lord Watson, the baronet said, “We had a gentleman’s agreement, William.”
Pushing himself out of his arms, John wrapped his own around his waist. His perfidious body urged him to return to Sherlock’s embrace, to forget everything but the pleasure they could share. To surrender to it would mean turning his back on everything else he loved, everything he believed.
Now John stared at his cousin.  What did he know of this?  He did not want to believe he was somehow involved with the smugglers. Mayhap Molly’s heart was not the only one he was determined to break, for Father would be disconsolate to discover his heir was aiding the smugglers in their ignoble work.
John took several steps back. The branches of the hedgerow brushed his shirt, bringing him to a stop. He stared at Mr. Holmes. Moments ago he’d been jesting, but now… John shook off the fearful thoughts. He was not trapped against the hedgerow, he was letting his mind run away with him. Mr. Holmes was just the latest in a long line of eccentric peddlers to visit Watson Hall. Sherlock Holmes was perhaps just a bit odder than most.
The morning mist refused to acknowledge the sunrise. Gray twilight clung to the ground, leaving everything damp and chilled, even though the sun had come up out of the sea more than an hour ago.
Instead of replying, Sherlock took John’s shoulders and pressed him against the wall. John stared at him, astonished at his rough action. He had always treated him with gentleness. Not like Sebastian, who had no patience for John’s questions.
“When you bring Sherlock to the church picnic at the end of the month, everyone will see that Sebastian’s rumors are simply a result of his jealousy.”
"Fuck!" He and Greg gasped in unison. Greg's hand slid forward to press firmly through his pubic hair and into his abdomen.
Sebastian ignored him, instead turning to John. “I have been speaking with your father, and I do not have time to linger here listening to a
“Humor me, Mr. Watson. I may only be a peddler, but my pride could not bear it if I did not pay my way through life.” He smiled.
“Don’t sound like Harry.”  Greg chided. “She doesn’t want the war to end, for she wants to become a hero.”  He cupped John’s chin. “You asked for my help in keeping her from enlisting. An end to the war will solve that problem once and for all.”
“You cannot bargain with her.” He argued. “If we were to buy this for her, it would be as a present for her birthday.”
Greg made no effort to conceal his opinions. “This whole tradition is a farce. John is right, Auntie. The fields have been enclosed for years. What purpose is there in tramping around the countryside in the damp and rain? Let us have the ball alone and enjoy it for once.”
When we arrive at the station, I scan the crowds, eyes landing on the man standing stoically against a pillar near the entrance.  A quiet man, my father. Reserved and kind. Our resemblance is strong, and when John follows my gaze, he lets out a quiet “Wow,” and smiles up at me.  “No one’s going to question whether you’re kin, are they?”
Whatever this place may be, the fact that it even exists is hugely significant for the three of them.  This is the grandest of gestures.  A promise, a pledge.  And the thought of that makes John feel as though his skin is too tight, as though he’s full-to-bursting with emotion that he cannot express—because he isn’t allowed to grab Sherlock and kiss him until his knees give out.  He cannot pour all of this excess affection into the man it belongs to, the one who’s put it there in the first place—
Wrapping Sherlock up in his arms and settling in for a mid-morning kip, John tucks his face into wayward curls and traces figure eights over the scars on his skin.
Arm in arm, we stroll through our neighbourhood.  The sun is just beginning to set, and there’s a brisk November chill settling over London.  We’re continuing our endeavor to relearn our beloved city. Taking a step toward getting back to the way that we were, when it comes to the work.  Strong, sure. An unstoppable team. Filling in the gaps in my internal map. Finding some peace of mind. We’ve a long way to go, but for now, we’ll begin with Baker Street.
Inhaling deeply, he extricates his hands and falls to the side, wrapping himself around the body beside him and tilting his head back to meet pale grey eyes.
“Last night.  On the sofa.  You’d asked if I was seeing what I could get away with—if it was some sort of experiment.  It was,”  He hasn’t met John’s eye, still looking down at the fading palette of light checkered across the wooden floor below.  John isn’t sure what to make of this, so he just waits.  He
Dinner is served.  We have pushed two tables together, all cramming around them in mismatched chairs.  Molly and Tom brought homemade Christmas crackers with them, so we pop them open before we eat.  The table erupts with laughter over and over again as paper crowns, ridiculous toys and completely nonsensical jokes are revealed.  Mrs. Hudson places a purple crown on Mycroft’s reluctant head and then bursts into a fit of giggles. Harry asks me what you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire.  I roll my eyes, then raise an eyebrow when Lestrade, a too-small yellow crown perched on his grey mop of hair, shouts, “Frostbite!” across the table, sloshing his wine in his haste to answer.  Molly laughs and blows a pink plastic whistle at him.
They had spent the rest of the morning directing movers—who were clearly under Mycroft’s employ—around 221B, packing boxes and deciding which furniture would make the move with them.  By mid-afternoon they were at the cottage, Sherlock flapping about, booming instructions at the muscled men who had swiftly and efficiently transferred their possessions from one life to the next.
“No, actually.  Mummy mentioned that he’s been in Germany when she called last week,”  I take a moment to feel sorry for the population of Berlin. “God only knows what he’s up to.”  He’s actually been considerably more tolerable in the last few years—since the events our sister thrust upon us and her subsequent death.  It had clearly affected him as much as it had me, but he had no one to help him keep his head above water, as John had done for me.  I saw him occasionally during that time, but we didn’t speak much of Eurus. We’re kinder to each other these days, but still haven’t found a way to set aside our decades of disdain entirely.
?  What if I am indeed asexual?  It’s too soon, I think. Too new.  We’re still behaving a bit like awkward adolescents in each other’s presence, and it wouldn’t take much to throw a spanner in the works.
They’re quiet.  John’s breathing slowly evens out, his fingers now trace abstract patterns over the backs of Sherlock’s hands.  Sherlock wants to see him.  He wants to peer into those bottomless blue eyes and see exactly how he feels about what just happened, to see where he stands.
And now they’ve gone and had a drunken shag.  A completely illuminating and unquestionably earth-shattering shag, yes—but a drunken one.  Not ideal.
“Ah, right--besides giving details on Sherlock’s return, the main thing we’ll be covering at the press conference is the death of Mary Morstan.”  Molly looks confused--she has no reason to recognise the name--and Mrs. Hudson lets out a gasp.
“Yeah,”  John nods, tracing my brow with the pads of his fingers.  “I’d texted him this morning saying I was afraid you’d try to break into Bohemian Grove.  Right after you told me what you’d learned. I’m a bit terrified you’ll run off on your own if I disagree—and I
I move to the couch and sink down into it.  He hesitates, then sits down beside me. “How long?” I breathe.  I know that it’s not something one can accurately predict. I know that he doesn’t have an answer.
He’d done these things so that there would be no doubt—even to John, who remains infuriatingly thick when it comes to such things—that he’d meant it to be a date.
, but clearly they think I’m above such enticements now.  Or I could shrug and watch him squirm. “Sherlock!”
There are several arrangements in place, of course.  Sherlock had told him in no uncertain terms that if anything happened to Dr. Watson while he was away, he’d burn the city to the ground.  Mycroft does not doubt for a moment that he meant the threat in its purest form.  Sherlock could be incredibly destructive if he chose to be.  Brilliant and relentless.  Fortunately for London, he’s always turned his destructive tendencies inward and the only thing he’s managed to burn to the ground is his own reputation.  Until now.  Until James Moriarty was fool enough to tempt him.
I sigh—I’d been expecting this.  Clearly she hasn’t changed much. I glance over at John’s sleeping form beside me as I tap out a response.
It is the first time, however, that John joins him.  It’s the first time John acknowledges the disquieting atmosphere in their normally cosy flat and allows his legs to carry him across the room without overthinking it.  He drops down to the battered and worn carpet Sherlock has claimed as his current resting place and stretches out, shoulder to shoulder, beside him.
“Sherlock, come meet Tom,” He’s got a look on his face.  I narrow my eyes. His grin widens. “No really, he’s
“Come in, kid,”  He feels the sudden absence of Sherlock’s hand on his back.  He wonders what, exactly, he’s concerned about.  Rosie won’t bat an eye at the sight of them sharing a bed—she’s oblivious to the implications, and they’re fully clothed with a foot of space between them anyway.  John had left the door slightly ajar last night, and now it creaks open, stubby fingers appearing first and then two blue eyes peeking through the gap.  “Morning.”
“Sherlock—” I shut him up with my tongue in his mouth, hand sliding down to rub his groin through his jeans.  I don’t want to hear your concerns of being caught, John. Surely you see that that’s half the fun.
Two hours on a train, ten minutes in a cab, and we’re traipsing up the stairs to 221B.  Mrs. Hudson pokes her head out to ask us about our trip, and we respond in exasperated fondness as we continue to inch our way upstairs.  John puts the kettle on, I build a fire.
“Hi, Papa,” Rosie says, looking up briefly to beam at him.  She’s managed to eat half the omelet without disrupting her persistent scribbling.  I grab the toast and set the plate on the table, prepare a coffee for John.
“If I’d known,” John begins, holding Sherlock’s hand even tighter, eyes returning to the water stained ceiling while his mind whirls through their past year together—his parade of failed dates and constant uncertainty about Sherlock’s interest in anyone, least of all him.  The building intimacy between them that never went beyond the platonic, despite how it made his stomach twist and his heart soar.  The pining and desperation and the moments of hopelessness and confusion and then near-certainty—but then, once again, doubt.  “I wouldn’t have—I—“
This, apparently, was what he’d needed to hear.  This, he can understand.  Because no one has ever made him feel this way, either.  No one has made him feel like Sherlock does.  No one has ever loved him so deeply and so completely, not even close.
John cuts in.  “You’d been stalking Mary, then?  If that’s the case, I was probably pretty hard to miss.  Considering what I now know about her, I can’t say I’m entirely surprised someone shot her.  But please, enlighten us. Why?”
“Start talking,”  John commands, moving swiftly to stand behind me, placing both hands firmly on my shoulders.  Protective. Ready for action. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen Captain Watson make an appearance.
After my sister’s suicide, John stayed with me for three weeks.  His presence prevented me from being consumed by guilt and taking drastic measures to forget how I’d failed her.  He still left each day for the clinic, but knowing that he’d be returning each afternoon—often with Rosie in tow—kept me from turning back to needles and getting lost in regret.  I had nearly begged him to move back permanently. Made a case for the convenience of living at 221B, made it clear that I was happy to help care for Rosie, that I wanted them both there.  But he’d told me again and again that it was too soon, that it wasn’t a good idea. It was difficult to hear. He never gave me a specific reason, but I assume that it’s because despite our previous conversations and newfound forgiveness, we had a lot of unspoken obstacles between us, then.  We still do, I suppose, but our ability to communicate has improved drastically. I’m less afraid of pushing him away by being too arduous, too forthright. I know now that he’s not going anywhere.
“I’d like to talk,”  He says quietly. My stomach drops, as it did just ten minutes ago on the pavement.  He lightly takes my hand and pulls me down to sit by his side. “Can we?” I’m almost afraid to hear it.  Haven’t a single notion what he wants to say. Nevertheless, I nod. “This is difficult—there are things I’ve wanted to say to you for awhile now.  Since before we came here. But I didn’t want to get it wrong,” He swallows thickly, looking down at our joined hands for a beat, then back up to meet my eyes.  “I could never picture it—us. I didn’t see how it could work. I’ve thought about it over the years—of course I have—but it just seemed…” He trails off. “We’ve always had this unspoken thing between us, Sherlock—I know that it’s there—but it seemed like we would be risking too much by confronting it.  And then when you did—you were so
His touch is charged—chaotic—fingertips sending shockwaves straight through John’s skin, as large hands roam freely over the humming expanse of his body.
“Right,”  Greg downs the last of his stout, smiling at Aoife as she appears out of nowhere to pour him another.  “I suppose not, yeah.”
I stand abruptly, spinning in a slow circle—perhaps—”Call her,”  I blurt out, glancing around to find them both staring at me, confused.  Always ten steps behind. “Isla. Call her,” John looks at Ben, who shrugs.  I watch as he scrolls through the contacts list, locates her name and hits
“You know it’ll get out eventually though, right?”  He’s tucked the duvet down under his chin, head poking out the top, looking up at me where I sit propped against the headboard.  “I’ve already prepared myself to be asked about my relationship with her. I’m just going to be honest.”
Once he’s seated flush against John’s pelvis, they both force themselves to be still, despite hammering hearts, heaving breaths, restlessly shifting hips.  Sherlock has yet to open his eyes, but after a moment he slides his hands to John’s shoulders, pulling him upright, closer, closer, wrapping one large hand around the back of his neck, the other snaking around to the small of his back until they’re chest to chest, Sherlock seated snugly in John’s lap.
He wondered where Sherlock was, because he was not in the breakfast room. He could not ask his family, for they would consider him a very odd Omega to not know his Alpha’s whereabouts the morning after their wedding.
Aunt Hudson snapped, “Albert Moran, I will ask you to refrain from using such oaths in my home. If you wish to speak so lowly, I will ask you to leave.”
He frowned. Tonight had not been the first time he’d heard Greg speak of the Moran’s without his usual rancor. His cousin was more of a gentle soul, not usually inclined to jump into the fray with the French as Harry wished to do. Had he seen something in Sebastian that John had not?
“No.” Sherlock chuckled as he rested his hand on the chair again. “She was trying to find out what news I had of the war. It seems your young sister is very determined to go and punch Boney in the nose.”
Eyes slit open as he tries to comprehend his surroundings.  His gaze darts frantically between the monitors above the bed, the medical equipment lining either side of the bed and the tops of the plain white walls. All that is visible from his position.
He silenced John by turning him into his arms. He so wanted to put his head against Sherlock’s chest and beg his forgiveness for this bumble-bath. Then Sherlock could tilt his head back and delight him with his lips over John’s. Then…
Moran bellowed like a mindless bull. “My apology? Why should I apologize to him when he is a whore?”
“As do you.” A swift smile raced across his lips. “Your father has given you an excellent education, John. Did he teach you other languages, too?”
Warmth washed over him as Sherlock smiled so gently that John knew his fears had been silly. His smile reached within him to melt the ice around John’s heart. Gasps rang through the chapel as Sherlock stepped down from the altar and walked toward John.
He started to retort, then stared past Aunt Hudson to the table and the cake that was set in its very center. His eyes narrowed as his gaze swept the room.
Yet, even as he prattled, keeping the width of the garden path between them, his thoughts were filled with Sherlock’s voice. Over and over, like and endless echo, he could hear Sherlock talking about readying the wagon to leave. He guessed Sebastian must know that as well, for he was silent.
His kiss was swift but John sensed the hunger in it. Or maybe it was no more than his own treacherous longing for Sherlock.
“Marrying you?” Sherlock shrugged. “John, to be honest, at the time, the idea of rescuing you from that ogre seemed like a fine idea.”
“You surprised him. He is no fool. He will not be surprised again.” He tightened his hold on her arm. “Please, heed me on this, Harry. For once, both of us must think something through clear to the conclusion before we make a decision that could have horrible results.”
“Of finding out the truth about the man who calls himself Sherlock Holmes,” answered Mr. Donovan as he handed John up into the carriage which was not as fancy as his father’s.  When he was sitting on a patched cushion, Mr. Donovan took the seat across from him.
He wished it were possible to close thoughts out of his mind as readily. On the way down the hill to the village, which clung to the strand, his conversation with Sherlock played through his head. John was not in favor of negotiating with the French for peace, but, somehow, he had found himself arguing for that. What a bothersome man Sherlock was! If John did not owe him the duty of being kind to Sherlock after he saved John from the smugglers, he would have been tempted to cut him direct.
John looked at him in astonishment. He could not mistake the emotion in his father’s voice. Not embarrassment, not anger, not relief, but quiet pleasure. John gazed into his eyes. A sob caught his throat. For whatever transgressions his father believed he had committed, he’d forgiven John completely.
John tried to read, but the words blurred in front of his tired eyes. Even his favorite book, which had comforted him during his papa’s illness, offered no respite from the worry.
Sir Albert smiled at him.  Grasping John’s arm, he hauled him out of the carriage. John nearly tumbled at Sir Albert’s feet into the mud.
" You're lucky I wasn't too slow this time, you tosser." John interrupted and grinned as he stepped over the unconscious body of Sherlock's attacker.  "Quit insulting Lestrade and let me see your head."
Harry gave him a withering frown. “You might as well guessed that the sun was just seen rising on the moon. The French prisoner has escaped.”
John’s brows arched. “Aunt Hudson is somewhat eccentric. She does not like to ride alone, so she takes the mail coach.”
John looked at Mr. Holmes and was once again caught by those scintillating eyes. Lowering his gaze to his lap, he asked, “How so?”
As he stepped back toward the bed, his nightshirt tightened around his throat. Turning, he looked at Sherlock who was grinning at him as he held it. His eyes were lost in shadow as he drew John back toward him.
“Hush.” Sherlock went to the dressing room door and peered in to be certain Elsa or one of the other servants was not there. Closing and locking that door as well, he came back to John. His hands settled on John’s shoulders, not stroking, not urging him to the madness of their love, but offering him solace. “I cannot leave.”
His smile became ironic. “I have to own I might have thought twice if I had known this would happen.” He winced as he shifted in the chair.
“Yes, I told you there were some other deliveries I had promised to make.” He sat on the sill and saw that John was sitting, too, but on the bed. If he went to him and pressed him back into that wide mattress… No, he must not.
“To give them a bit of privacy in this crowd,” he murmured as they walked along the street toward the strand.  “Courting requires it, you know.”
John stared up at him. To give voice to his suspicions had been ridiculous. “If you wish an answer, I will say that I believe you enjoyed too much of my father’s wine. I can think of no other reason why you would mistake my words for a threat.”
“Because,” Auntie said in her most no-nonsense voice as she stepped out of another passage to stop in right in front of them, I have been searching every inch of the attics for this.”  She held out a lace pocket square that had yellowed with age nearly to the color of John’s hair.
John put his hand on Harry’s arm. “Enough, both of you. We are all home tonight, let’s talk of things that matter to all of us, not just the one.”
“What do you think?” he demanded before his words vanished into curses. His eyes opened, his glare was as taut as his lips. “The wagon went right over my arm.” He put his left hand on John’s shoulder. “Help me up. I have to check the wagon.”
“That’s not true,” Sherlock replied in the same grave tone. “To protect your son’s reputation, I shall marry him.”
“He’ll be fine!” snapped Sebastian, taking John’s wrist and jerking him toward the door. “You need not watch over him like a mother bird.”
Sebastian again stared at Molly. When she did not continue along the narrow path, he scowled. John almost laughed when his friend frowned back. He thought that Sebastian would have learned years ago that he could not intimidate Molly Hooper. They had all grown up together, and Molly knew him for the dastardly bully that he was.
As Sir Albert laughed, his arm encircled John’s waist. “We can prove to everyone that my son was not lying.”
Suddenly shouts resounded through the rain. Branches cracked as someone raced away into the underbrush.
He grinned at John’s wistful wish that Sherlock was no longer in the army.  John had taken to the is deception with an ease that astonished him.  “Not that problem, for I have done nothing worthy of being brought up on such charges.” Sherlock swung their hands between them as they climbed the hillock at the edge of the woods.  “I just heard that Sebastian Moran has decided the British navy needs his assistance.”
“You may take this any way you wish. I would have chosen any man over Sebastian.” John smiled again.
“Probably not as much as your cousin,” Sir Albert replied with a triumphant smile. “Why don’t you ask him what you want to know about him.”
The hand pulled him back against a hard form. The odors of sweat and sea washed over him. Smugglers! Dear God, what were they doing at Watson Hall?
“I wasn’t sure last night. Your father’s men got my wagon’s brake put back together just this morning.” He patted the side of the wagon. “It is better than new.”
“I told you she was a bit eccentric. She likes the chatter she hears on the mail coach and the people she meets. She has told me, more than once, that to confine oneself to the Polite World is to miss out of some of the most interesting folks there are.”
While the Alphas spoke about the futile search for the French prisoner, they managed a casual air that John could not copy. He toyed with his breakfast until he heard his father say, “Sherlock, I am assuming you will be staying at Watson Hall.”
Leaning over him, Sebastian laughed. “Save your strength. If you scream until you are weak, you won’t give me as much pleasure.”
Running to where Jameson was lying face down in the thickening mud, John tried to push him onto his back but slipped in the mud.  “Help me!” he cried.  When no one moved, he stared Sir Albert directly in the eye.  “If he suffocates in the mud, you will hang!”
He stood. Motioning for Auntie to come in, he bit his lip when she dismissed Elsa. What had happened now?
John glanced at him. He must be wrong. He could not have heard a mirthful undertone in Sherlock’s words.  As he faced his father, he feared his yearning for a single kiss had possessed him like a curse. Never did he think anything through to its conclusion. If he had paused to think, he would have known that the cost of this pleasure was far too high.
John said nothing as Father walked out. He might be able to baffle his father with half-truths, but he couldn’t do the same with himself. There was no reason to remain cowering behind the walls of Watson Hall to hide from the lies the Morans might be spreading when he was living a lie himself.
He did not need his life complicated by another impossible Alpha. Father had jested about not wanting him to marry until he was as old as Mrs. Carson, but he knew he wished him settled in a home of his own. How many times had Father said in the past fortnight that John was a year older than his papa had been when he’d accepted Father’s proposal? Too many.
He ignored John.  “However, if we are right, your husband will betray himself and his scheme to stop us.”
“It shan’t be easy.” She glanced over her shoulder as they walked to the door. “I would like to regale everyone with this tale.”
John reached for the teapot, glad to have something to do other than become lost in his uncomfortable thoughts. When Sherlock sat cautiously on the settee, a flicker of pain crossed his face.
Sherlock looked up as John walked across the surprisingly empty stable yard. “John, didn’t I hear you say that you were going to finish your book this afternoon?”
Picking up another pebble, he threw it into the water. The splash sent a ring flowing outward, but it disappeared into the rippling stream as if it had never existed.
“Good morning!” He called before stooping to push a rock under the front wheel.  John’s eyes widened as the man, no, alpha straightened again.  This was not the usual peddler type to grace their small town.  Neither wizened nor gnarled, he stood tall, his black curls shining in the bright sun.
William glared at John, but his words were aimed at Sherlock. “I demand that you give me your word, on your honor, that you will not attempt to kiss my son again.”
“Good afternoon.” Father’s words were spoken without emotion. “You may rest assured that, once this wedding is completed, I shall discuss with your father my opinions of your obvious treatment of John.”
The impatience in his tired voice aggravated John so, he retorted, “I do not know why you once tried to steal a kiss from me whenever you could, but now…”
“Nothing,” John mumbled. How could he tell her his thoughts? They would label him as wanton as Sebastian had. Yet how could he think of anything else?
“A chance?” John’s voice remained steady, only because he exerted all his will. “To do what? Force me to become his lover in the garden?”
“Of course.” Father stood and motioned for him to enter. “I suspected you would be here as soon as you heard.”
“Such language!” Sherlock tapped John’s nose. “But an annulment was not among those second thoughts on my mind right now.”
Hearing a grunt of pain, John tried to turn to see what had happened. Sir Albert refused to let him move. When Greg fell out of the carriage, clutching his stomach, John cried out in horror. He dug his nails into Sir Albert’s wrist until he yelped. Then he kicked him, hard, in the bullocks.
Not that anyone would have heard him, for Sir Albert continued to bellow, “John was to be Sebastian’s mate. You agreed to that, Watson.”
Mr. Donovan leaned back and smiled.  “That need not concern you.  What you should be concerned about is whether your husband will give you a look-in at my house shortly after he comes back from whatever mischief he has been creating.”
When Sherlock’s gaze flickered from John to Sebastian, John released the breath he had been holding. Sherlock’s smile lost its warmth when fingers cupped John’s elbow. Sebastian’s fingers! He shook them off.
“You would be wise,” he said, “to announce yourself loudly wherever you go. You do not want to be mistaken for that French prisoner.”
Greg gulped so loudly John was afraid he’d swallowed his tongue. Again Greg stood and went to the window. Dropping to the window seat, he glowered at his hands, which he locked together between his knees.
Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, wondering how long it had been since he last remembered to breathe. His feet wanted to send him lurching toward John, but he turned and walked toward the back of the grand room. When his name was called, he struggled to smile.
John raised a trembling finger and pointed to the door. “Father asked you to leave. If he has to ask you again, I swear I shall get his shotgun and pepper your breeches with buckshot.” When a cautioning hand settled on his arm, he stepped closer to Sherlock.
Sherlock chucked. “True. We never did have a chance to enjoy those longing looks and heart-deep sighs the poets write about.  You should thank your family for sparing you from that, sweetheart.”
John could find no fault in Sherlock’s appearance tonight. Again he wore the well-made clothes he had donned when they were married. With his hair neatly trimmed and curled, he could be a fine gentleman from Town, for now he even had polished shoes to match his other finery.
Suddenly, the rain came down as if a wave had erupted up out of the sea. His hair clung to his forehead as it was drenched. Lightning flashed. When thunder sounded only seconds later, he flinched.
He gripped one corner of Sherlock’s blanket. It was there, but not his husband. In a breathless whisper, he called, “Sherlock? Sherlock, where are you?”
“I wonder if Father knows of this,” he said quietly. “That may be why he had some of the gentlemen to the house for a discussion last night.”
Taking John’s hand, Sherlock bowed over it as gracefully as any of the gentlemen in the ballroom, again bringing forth the questions John wished would remain silent in his head. Who was Sherlock Holmes? No peddler he’d ever encountered had had manners so polished or possessed such an obvious level of education. He might be a peddler now, but John doubted Sherlock had been born to that life.
“It is.” Greg bent and took John’s hands.  “Now tell me what is amiss with you. Are you still worried about the French prisoner?”
Sherlock’s arm slipped around his waist, drawing him back into an alcove along the wall. “But I have no choice.”
Unsure what had wrenched him from his sleep, he sat and rubbed his tired eyes. Seeing a shadow move on the ledge outside his window, he bit back a yell.  Who had climbed up here? Only a French fiend would be so desperate. Maybe it was the prisoner who had fled from the village. Or was it a smuggler chased here by the shore patrols?
“My son tells me that you are seeking shelter within our walls for the night.” Watson’s voice was hearty and welcoming. The sign of an honest man or one well-schooled in the art of lying.
“As am I,” John replied with the same sarcasm he had used before. “Did you receive a classical education as well while you were learning to be a peddler?”
“If I didn’t know better,” Sherlock continued, amusement creeping into his voice. “I would say the Watson blood runs cold.”
“Why don’t we what?” He grasped John’s arm. When Sir Albert’s other hand inched along John’s shoulder toward his collar, his smile broadened. “Where is that warmth you offered to Holmes instead of my son?”
Looking back at Greg, he saw he was nodding as Mr. Donovan gave orders.  Andrew Donovan must be the true leader of the smugglers.  He was evidently the man Sherlock had been seeking to ask for help in arranging whatever he had planned for the French invasion.
Stepping away, he reached for the small box sitting on the shelf beside his bed. Lifting out a set of gold cufflinks edged in pearls, he said, “Greg, Papa gave me these when he knew he would not live to see me marry. He told me to wear them on the most joyous day of my life.”
Greg chuckled. “You’re describing Sir Albert, not Sebastian. You should give Sebastian another chance, John. You might be pleasantly surprised.”
Sherlock hid his surprise when the baron handed him the glass. He took an appreciative sip and smiled. It must have been aging in the cellars since long before the war. Such a choice vintage was not part of a peddler’s life, so he appreciated it all the more as it washed the road’s dust from his throat. “You are very generous, my lord.”
Grabbing a pillow off his bed, John flung it at him. How dare Sherlock mock him like this! His life was turned upside down and inside out.
When John’s breath grew ragged, Sherlock released him reluctantly. He was unsure how much longer he could kiss John before his restraint, which had never been tested like this, failed. He resisted looking into John’s eyes, but that was a mistake, for he found himself staring at his kiss-softened lips. The anguished need to give in to this craving was nearly intolerable.
“A bit of poker-talk can give one intriguing insights into people, and a peddler is expected to bring tidings as well as items to purchase.” Sherlock smiled. “You never repeat rumors, John?”
A door opened at the far end of the chapel, and Reverend Hooper stepped out. John’s stomach leaped like a rabbit racing across an open field when Sherlock followed him to the alter. His dark curls glinted in the candlelight. He wore a shirt that was neatly pressed and the waistcoat peeking out from beneath his dark coat was an unstained pale blue. In all, had his boots not been the scuffed ones he always wore, John would have been sure a stranger stood beside the reverend.
Harry gave John a guilty grin, but tugged him toward the chairs by the window. He was grateful that she gave him this excuse to get away from Sebastian.
Sherlock bent and kissed him on the cheek with a composure which gave no suggestion that there had been anything strange about their wedding and wedding night. “Good morning, my handsome mate.”
“No, it is not treason, for no one wishes to gainsay the government, only to safeguard those who are important to them. When a father looks at his children and realizes they could die in a French invasion, he may change his mind about victory at any cost.” John drew his hand from beneath Sherlock’s. “I bid you good afternoon, Sherlock.”
John wanted to go to him and apologize. He’d not intended to discomfit Greg, but John had not thought that the mere mention of Molly’s name would agitate Greg so. Why did it, now that he was courting Miss Donovan? Molly had been heartsick when Greg stopped calling, so she hadn’t put an end to his visits. None of this made sense.
“That you would offer for Miss Donovan when no one could mistake your attention to Molly?” John shook his head. “You are right. ‘Tis a shock that you would be so unthinking and hard-hearted.”
At the bafflement in Sherlock’s voice, John forced his gaze back to him. He smiled as he motioned toward the tray with a grace that suggested he was the host. Again John wondered where he acquired such polished manners. Other peddlers coming to Watson Hall were as rough as the life they lived.
“Nor do I. Our lives may be a mull, but I would not trade a second of this jumble for anything when we can share this.” With a groan, Sherlock pulled John into his arms and captured his mouth with his own. John answered Sherlock’s longing with his own. When Sherlock released him so suddenly that he swayed back against the bed, John saw the glitter of craving in his eyes. Sherlock fingered the collar of the nightshirt in John’s arms with another gut-deep groan.
The oath that Sherlock spoke under his breath was in English, which astonished John.  He had thought that Sherlock would revert to French when he was distressed.  Or had he been part of a silly game as John and Harry had been?  He remained silent as Sherlock guided him toward his father was deep in conversation with the minister.
Sherlock lowered his eyes quickly when John mentioned London, and John wondered what Sherlock was trying to conceal. He would not ask, not when the others were gathered here to speak of the beating of the bounds.
John glanced around, wondering if anyone was taking note of their hushed words. The people closest to them were busy with their own conversations. He stiffened when he saw a tall form pushing through the crowd toward them.
Sherlock set his cup back on the table. Mayhap he had misunderstood John. No, his ashen face warned that Sherlock had heard correctly. “That is preposterous!”
John glanced back at him, then turned to his left. If he recalled correctly, this wall did not run far in this direction. Some said it had been raised to keep ancient raiders out of a castle that had otherwise disappeared from the downs. Others whispered that the ancients had built it to hold in the dark gods who lived in the forest. He did not believe either. He suspected it was the forgotten curtain wall that had once been part of the larger defenses of Watson Hall.
John leaned his head back against the chaise lounge. Maybe he could have persuaded Sherlock to change his mind about all of this if he’d had a chance to speak with him alone again. Sherlock had been avoiding him.
“I show more sense than you.” Harry retorted stoutly, “Because I will not be swayed by Sebastian Moran to persuade John to accept his proposal.”
Both of them? Oh, dear, he had not guessed, in the midst of his fear and anger and need to escape, how his unthinking words could damage Sherlock, too. If rumors spread that he had seduced the Omega son of his host, few doors would open to him and fewer would be interested in purchasing what they would now deem as his tainted wares. He gasped, “Sherlock, don’t lie! Tell them…”
Again Harry shrugged, but her mouth was set in a straight line. “It’s possible. That accursed Frog bunched up some pillows on his cot to make it look as if he were asleep. Now he has run back to his comrades, and he will be able to tell them how poorly prepared we are.”
Her hands grasped his shoulders. For the first time, John realized he had to look down to meet Aunt Hudson’s eyes. She’d been such a formidable force in his life that he had not noticed when he’d grown taller than her.
Sir Albert swore. “John was supposed to be a Moran. The people of the village will learn about this faithless whore!”
John fought to breathe past the sudden lump in his throat. Was it caused by his fear for Harry? No, those tears still clung to his lashes. Or his heart? No, it was throbbing wildly in his chest. Or delight? He should not be delighted with Sherlock’s bold touch, but he could not deny the truth.
He frowned. “Are you skulking away from someone?” He held up his hands. “No, let me guess. Did you encounter the inimitable Sebastian Moran?”
His grip loosened, and John pulled away. John knelt next to his cousin, who was groaning in pain.  Water soaked through is trousers, but he paid it no mind as he gasped out, “Greg, we must get out of here.”
“Yes.” John did not wait for his answer, hurrying out of the room before Sherlock pressed him any further. He would not allow his guilt to cloud his purpose. John couldn’t say his fear for Harry’s life was his only motivation, though it was the most pressing one. His own guilt would have to wait. He could not tell Sherlock. Not because he didn’t trust him, though he certainly had no reason to do so, but because he wasn’t sure himself of what he would do to keep Harry from joining the army.
The housekeeper didn’t restrain her laugh this time. “Master John, I am not so old as you think, and while I may only be a Beta, I can certainly still enjoy the sight of a good looking Alpha. As young as you are, I can only assume you do as well.” She smiled. “Alpha’s aren’t the only ones who can enjoy the differences between sexes.”
When Sherlock stepped toward him, his footsteps loud in the silent room, he took John’s hand as a hint of a smile eased his lips’ uncompromising line. His other hand curved along John’s cheek. Softly, so no one else could hear, he whispered, “What did he do to you to force my name from your lips?”
Sherlock’s palm followed the line of John’s jaw, and he fought not to savor the rapture flowing through him. It had betrayed him before; he must not let it betray him again.
“No!” Father stepped between them, even though he was a head shorter than either man. His voice was calm. “You were not invited to this wedding, Albert.”
“The gentleman who sold it to me was not well pleased to part with it.” Sherlock hurried to say, hopefully, his smile would look to be the insipid one of a peddler trying to please a potential customer. “However, his creditors had lost patience with him and I was able to give him enough guineas to soothe them.”
“No.” John smiled and held out the package Sherlock had given him. “Sherlock Holmes asked me to bring this to you.”
When Molly looked over her shoulder, puzzled, John laughed and leaned over the fence to pull free a vine that had embedded its thorns in his friend’s skirt. “I think your roses are becoming as attached to you as you are to them.” Roses were everywhere, climbing over the stone wall and up the sides of the house to grasp the thatched roof. Taking a deep breath of their sweet fragrance, John smiled.
Mr. Jensen picked up the packet, glanced at it, then smiled. “Ah, I had forgotten about this. Thank you for delivering it, Mr. Watson.”
John cried out as he came suddenly. "Fuck! Yes! Please! Fill me!"   As his hole clenched around Greg's knot, Greg jerked forward one final time with a howl. His teeth clamped down on John's scent gland and he released his load into his mate.
By the time we get home, I feel a bit looped up, zipped down.  Obstreperous. Incorrigible. I’m tripping up the steps, and John is not pleased.  Why are you annoyed, John? Have I let you down again?
“No,” John lets out a watery laugh, wiping at his eyes once more.  “No, definitely not.  Maybe I’m just getting old.”
Upon looking into her past, it became very clear, very quickly that Mary Morstan was not who she said she was.  Mycroft has found that she was, in fact, a trained assassin. Freelance, with ties to Moriarty. And she was almost certainly placed in John’s clinic to keep an eye on him.
On our way out the door, she grabs us each by the hand and beams at us.  “So happy to have you boys back. It just wasn’t the same here without you.”
John and Rosie have stayed at 221B the past two nights while we systematically packed, moved and unpacked all of their belongings.  We made several trips to the charity shop to unload excess furniture and appliances, and now the flat is a satisfying balance of their things and my own.
“We’re good,”  John can only smile at her clumsy attempts at sisterly concern.  “We’re—impossibly—good,”  She smirks, turning on her seat to face him.
“You’re really going to do this?”  John. Shifting uneasily on my doorstep.  Fingers fidgeting with the hem of his grey wool jumper.  “What are the odds you’ll go off and get yourself killed?”
“Sherlock,” John tries again, quietly, leaning forward a bit to study the lines of his face: the pinched brow, the normally expressive lips pressed into an unhappy line.  Slow, shallow breaths and a thin layer of sweat coating his forehead.  He’s in pain, clearly.  John feels his heart rate kick up a notch at the realization, immediately scanning for injuries.  He gently takes one of Sherlock’s narrow wrists in his hand and pries his arm away from his body.  Sherlock doesn’t fight him at all.
They’d taken a cab to the restaurant—knowing full well that they would polish off a bottle and then some—and on the ride home they giggle breathlessly at nothing in particular, leaning on each other and playing with one another’s fingers.
He watches me, face carefully blank, as I desperately attempt to formulate an apology, an explanation.  But none come. What was that? What am I doing? This has never happened before—not with John, nor with anyone else.  He’s well aware that I’ve never been close to anyone, physically or otherwise.  He’s asked me about it—said that as my best friend, he ought to know. So I’d told him: never have, never even wanted to try.
as I push steadily back in.  Again, repeat, again, again. The sounds slipping from John’s lips hang in the air around us—heavy, hot,
“Dinner?”  John asks as we pull away from the kerb.  Solid food does sound quite appealing—I’ve been subsisting on coffee for days now.
Sherlock kisses as though he’d rather be nowhere else.  He holds back nothing—all traces of his practiced facade shed entirely, allowing the tender heart beneath to blaze brazenly through.  He kisses in a way that sends John spiraling wildly into the ether—the rest of the world falling away until it’s only the two of them—alight with the raw emotion that they’ve held inside for so
“You’ve hired Sarah,”  He says with a single nod.  John nods back, holding his breath.  “I don’t disapprove,”  Sherlock adds quickly, eyes darting over John’s face.  John knows that he approves of her—in theory.  They’ve talked about it extensively.  Decided that she was the perfect person for the job if only she could be convinced.  They’d laid out a generous salary, an equally expansive budget to work with, permission to hire her own staff as she sees fit, and a long list of reasons why she should leave her secure, reliable job at the clinic for this questionable, potentially disastrous one.  In a shocking turn of events, she was eager to accept and brimming with ideas for the place.  She’d spent her university years working in similar sober living homes, apparently loving the work she’d done there, and John is beyond relieved to put someone qualified in charge of the operation.  He and Sherlock have learned fairly quickly that they haven’t got a bloody clue what they’re doing.  Not that that’s ever stopped them before.
lose you.  And it nearly did kill me,”  Ah. Right. “Just because what we have has changed—grown—doesn’t mean it wasn’t always there,” He isn’t wrong.  But I never doubted the work, before. “And I don’t think that’s really the reason you’re questioning things.”
Sherlock kisses his neck twice, sighing again before standing up straight and kissing him properly.  They move beneath the water once more, letting it wash all evidence from their bodies and down the drain.
“Indeed,” It’s a two hour train ride to the Berwick Station, but could be worth the trip.  “While this woman is clearly an idiot if she thinks she’s hearing ghosts, I must admit I am intrigued,”  Letters in the wall? Bodies in the cellar? This is at least a six. “Shall we take a trip?”
And so, undeniably, they’ve done this to themselves.  And anyway, for now at least, he feels bloody fantastic.
No longer willing to feign interest in this fatuous tripe, I set down my tea and slip my hand under the blanket—fingers trailing suggestively against his warm thigh.  He snaps his eyes away from the screen and they lock intently onto mine.
.  I tilt my head back and his hands come up to run gently through my curls, as he continues to press his lips to my neck.  My skin prickles pleasantly beneath the heat of his wet, wicked mouth.
“Breakfast?”  He rumbles into John’s ear, feeling his compact body shake slightly as he laughs in response.
“Go on, then,”  John says.  He doesn’t really have any photos of the three of them, come to think of it.  Perhaps a few spontaneous selfies from their trips to the zoo, but nothing quite like this.  He glances at Sherlock.  “Smile, you git,”  Sherlock exhales loudly, but slides an arm around John’s shoulders, scooting in close and tickling Rosie until she squeals with glee.  Molly laughs, takes a few shots, then tosses her phone on the cushion beside her.  “Send them to me, won’t you?”  John wants those photos.  He wants to look at them and look at them and look at them.
anything.  Only that he’s some sort of mad scientist—a chemist, I think—summoned here from England.  No idea what for,” Ben watches me carefully. I try not to betray the surge of excitement coursing through me.  A chemist, really?
We trudge up the stairs to our blue room—John’s blue eyes on me each step of the way.  Don’t worry, John. The mood will pass. Just a bit of melancholy to shake things up. Just a bit of blue
Sherlock sighs, still unmoving, still basically unresponsive.  John continues, smiling slightly down at him as he begins to doze and trusting that stillness is the best he can hope for—that in some small way this experiment has been a success.
“We’ll know soon enough,” I nod toward the street, as three unmarked black vans speed by.  “That’ll be Mycroft’s team of gun-toting lunatics.”
“Yep,”  John replies, burying his face in my curls.  “Thanks for the coffee,” He mumbles, wrapping his arms around my body beneath the duvet.
We wordlessly move forward, arms pulling each other close—his cheek against my sternum, head tucked beneath my chin.  I let myself breathe him in, closing my eyes and letting my other senses take over. The smell of him, the feel of him—his warmth and the heady combination of emotion and physical sensation that floods through me whenever I have him in my arms.  I sigh as his fingernails lightly scrape up and down my spine through the thin cotton of my t-shirt. And as I drift slowly into sleep, I muse—dazedly, through a fog of sleepy contentment—
Sherlock does.  This envelope is a bit more inscrutable.  Thick, off-white paper, slightly larger and more square.  John watches as Sherlock studies it, wonders what he’s deduced.  Evidently not much, because after only a moment, he pulls the small stack of papers from their sheath.
Speaking of—today’s the day my parents meet him at last.  I keep my eyes shut tight and think of how familiar this has become, in the few short days since we’ve been reunited.  How impossible it seemed, before. I wake up now feeling hopeful, if not completely healed. I fall asleep feeling safe and cared for.
“Not a chance,” He breathes through his glee, taking advantage of Sherlock’s momentary distraction to roll on top of him.  “Shower though,” John kisses the smirk from his lips and jumps up, grabbing the towel draped over the chair by the door and heading for the loo, knowing that Sherlock will follow.
than we’ll ever need.  Knows that my parents adore them—would be thrilled to do anything they can for them— “I needed to be realistic.  I can’t let your family support us indefinitely. Everything you did after Mary died—I’ll never forget it, but I needed to stand on my own two feet.”  This is so typical of him. Stubborn as ever, refusing to ask for assistance when he needs it. And why? Because of some sort of misplaced sense of pride?  He watches me as I turn this over in my mind. Sighs again, drops his head—eyes to the sky. “I don’t expect you to understand. You’ve never had to—to worry about it.  Any of it. You’ve got a safety net—you can do whatever you want for a living.
Ben had said, the night we met.  It’s hard to believe that we’ve only been here for one week.  John and I have come so far.
The bed stands in the middle of the room, ornate wrought iron headboard against the far wall.  A small brass table on either side. The centre of the mattress has burned through almost entirely, but not quite.  The springs remain, visible through the large, egg-shaped hole. The base of the bed frame is iron as well—unusual—and this is where the ashes lie.
John is perched restlessly in the back of a cab, knee bouncing, buzzing with nervous energy and barely contained excitement.  He watches Sherlock, sitting on his left with Rosie, patiently quizzing her on the meaning of each traffic sign that they pass.  She hasn’t gotten a single one right—he’s pretty sure this is the first time in her three-and-a-half years that she’s even noticed such signs exist—but Sherlock just calmly explains what the symbols represent in his deep, familiar rumble.
Molly remained sitting in her pew. She stood, and John went to her, leaving Sherlock to speak with his father and the minister.
“Good evening, my lady,” he said, bowing over Lady Hudson’s hand which was nearly stuck into his face. He wondered how close he had come while lost in his thoughts, to walking right over her. “You look lovely this evening.”
Whirling, John found the welcome he longed for on Sherlock’s lips and in his arms. As his arms arched up his back, he smiled when Sherlock raised his mouth and looked down at him.
“I’m sure he has learned many interesting things.” John did not try to keep the sarcasm out of his voice. “Have you shared
John shifted closer. "Why shouldn't I be? I warned you she was crazier than she looked. So I got a spot of violence, I got to save my husband from death by bathtub, and I also get a healthy dose of I told you so."  He grinned again. "You like me when I'm smug. Let's get you home and dry and you'll remember why."
Aunt Hudson chuckled. “I suspected you would come to that conclusion eventually, my boy. I am glad we all are in agreement, then.” She looked at Greg. “All of us, yes?”
“You are my father’s guest. I can do no less.” John chuckled as he added, “And you have been very kind not to remind me that it is my fault you are hurt.”
Grasping his arm, the sergeant whirled him against a stall. He held his pistol up against John’s chin. “Be silent, Englishman.”
Greg shook his head as he stood. “Her brother and I remain the closest of tie-mates. That will not change.”
“Until this late hour?” He paused as he heard the clock clang three times. “Harry was home more than two hours ago.”
Looking out at the sea that was empty in the afternoon sun, he saw a bank of fog rising near the horizon. He shivered. A foggy night was the best time for smugglers and for a clandestine invasion of the village.
“Nothing!” At John’s sharp answer, Greg stared at him, so he tempered his voice. “It is something I must attend to myself.”
The rather sour faced brunette facing Greg must be Miss Donovan, Sherlock decided. No one had a chance to introduce him to her, as the orchestra began to play the music for the first dance.
“So you sought shelter in a barn?” When John gaped at her, his aunt held up a piece of straw. “Don’t look at me as if I’ve read your mind, child. This fell off your trousers.”
“You idiot!” his father screeched. “You were supposed to bring him home We were supposed to have him.”
Sherlock snatched his hands back as if John had struck him. Turning him to face him, he gasped, “Are you out of your mind?”
Sherlock held out his hand for the pistol. Harry gave it to him with a conspiratorial grin as she stepped forward to assist John out of the cart.
“That is why this year,” Molly said with another giggle and a guilty glance toward where her father was speaking with Lord Watson and Mr. Donovan, “he is going only as far as the end of the pier. He figures he can get back to dry land on his own two good legs if a storm threatens.”
“Have you misplaced your mate already, brother?” Harry crowed, warning him that he had hurried headlong into the room without considering the consequences… yet again.
He pushed himself to his feet. A hint of hysterical laughter tickled the back of his throat. After he had dressed Harry down for not thinking before she acted, he had blurted out the truth of his love for Sherlock. He should have paused to remember what Sherlock had told him the night of their wedding. He had married John solely to give him the protection of his name. Nothing else.
“When will it be important? When you are taking your vows? When you mate? When your first child is born? When, John? Liking is not the same thing as loving.”
“Harriet, watch yourself when you are among the Beau Monde,” Aunt Hudson chided. “Come here and escort your Aunt inside.”
She laughed. “Then I shall endeavor to speak only German oaths from now on.” Rubbing her knuckles, she asked in a more somber tone, “What were you doing out here with Sir Albert? You should know better John!”
“Congratulations on your wedding, Holmes.”  Donovan’s smile was broad. “Mr. Watson has been eyed by many Alphas around here, so you should count yourself very lucky.”
“Is it?” He put his fingers up to touch the sore spot but pulled them back when their fingers brushed. “It’s nothing compared to…”
Hearing a door open downstairs, he rushed to his own door, but it was only one of the servants. He went back and sat on the bed, taking the book with him, Reading would make the time go more quickly and give him an escape from his thoughts.
have decided I do not want to marry him.” With a curse, he thrust John toward where Sherlock watched in silence. “Tell them, John, how you owned to pleasuring Holmes.”
John turned to walk past him. Sherlock still was what he was – a French spy who might already have sent the message that would initiate the invasion of the village. If John allowed him to resume his life here, Sherlock would continue to use him and the others John loved to gain information for his heinous allies.
“Sebastian devised that lie.” Batting aside Moran’s hand, John stepped away from him. “He and you are the only ones who believe that ridiculous out-and-outer. My family and my husband and everyone else know the truth.”
John sighed. The smugglers had never been so daring. Father had vowed to search every outbuilding on Watson Hall property and urged his neighbors to do the same. Most would. As for Sir Albert, John was not sure what he would do, for he was even more incomprehensible than Greg.
Tears weighed heavily in his eyes, but he refused to let them fall. Sherlock had been gone for over a week. Maybe he would be waiting for John when he returned to Watson Hall. He must not let his hopes rise wildly, for he wondered how many more blows his heart could endure.
Sherlock laughed, hoping his joking would ease the fear in John’s eyes. “I suspect you may be right.”
He wanted to snarl that he would prefer either of the Moran’s to a French pig, but he must remain silent.
“He does not seem to believe that. He scurries away like a guilty child whenever your name is mentioned.”
John waved to Molly Hooper, who was working, as she did every day, in the rose garden encircling the parsonage where she lived with her father Reverend Hooper. Molly stood and waved back, her dark gold hair catching the sunlight, even below her bonnet’s brim. There were rumbles throughout the village, asking why a woman as pretty and prettily mannered as the minister’s daughter had never married. Molly never spoke of this private matter, even to John. However, John suspected it was because Molly had a
“Father,” John began. He tried to silence John with a fierce glare, but John could not let Sherlock be punished for a crime he hadn’t committed. “Father, you do not understand.”
. Her patience with me seemingly knows no bounds and always makes me giggle when pointing out my ridiculous mistakes. That said, if you find any remaining mistakes, they're my fault.
John glanced over his shoulder as if he expected both Morans to be lurking there. “You should not speak of that around the village. His actions in berating the prime minister in front of the Prince Regent embarrassed everyone here.”
Sherlock slid the shirt along the wind-burnished skin of his back which glinted in the moonlight with sweat. When John turned away, overmastered by the sight of such strong Alpha masculinity while his defenses against Sherlock were so fragile, Sherlock pulled on one of the new nightshirts Aunt Hudson had purchased for him.
“Listen to her.” Greg shook his head then pushed his dark hair out of his face. “Barely out of her infancy and trying to sound like a swell upon the Season.”
“Said the man must be halfway to Vienna by now.” He grinned. “Actually he said, if he were the escaped prisoner, he would be halfway to Vienna now.”
Sir Albert had not yet fully vented his ire. “Your son is a trading Omega, Watson, who deserves no better than a man who has taken airs to call himself a travelling merchant. Who knows how many Alpha’s he has pleasured? Or do you know and hope to get him a name to save your own. Holmes! Who the hell is he? He is so pitiful a man that you could foist your whorish Omega off on him!”
“Your advice has always been good in the past.” Greg grimaced as he sat across from John in the chair Aunt Hudson usually chose. “Better than mine it would appear.” He looked over his shoulder. “Harry told me what happened at the Donovan’s party.”
“On the contrary, sir.” The peddler smiled. Did he ever stop? “Think how expedient it would be to confront your enemies with oaths in their own language?”
The fresh air was almost as intoxicating as John’s kisses. With a curse, he sat on a bench at the far end of the terrace. He gazed up at the moon that was draped with the last wisps of the lingering mist. How many nights had he spent outside or in some rough byre staring up at this moon and watching the stars pop out in the vast arc of the sky? How many more would he do that?
He pushed away from the window. Exhaustion! It must be only exhaustion that teased him with this delusion. He could not have his husband in his heart. He barely knew the man, but, as he thought of Sherlock’s slow, deep kiss before he had left this night, he knew the only one who was deluded was John Watson – John Holmes. That beguiling light had been in Sherlock’s eyes when John had responded whole-heartedly to his kiss.
John could not believe what Sebastian was doing when he pushed him toward the ground. He was not a prostitute to be treated like this! John fought him, but Sebastian bore down on him until his knees buckled beneath him.
He made his excuses to his friend to take his leave, remembered to compliment Molly on her roses, and quickly went back to the cart. Even though he set the horse to its best speed up the hill, he could not escape his thoughts.
“Obviously at least this long.” Sherlock chuckled. “I suspect some of the officers have been lured to London to rid themselves of the boredom of being in garrison. If the commander of the garrison is not there, no one may be willing to make a decision.”
“Yes, of course,” John said, not knowing what else to say. Again he had had the chance to be honest. Again he’d hesitated too long.
“True.”  He held out the cake out for John to take a bite.  When he leaned toward him to sample the cake, Sherlock captured his lips instead.
John glanced at the dishes and combs and dismissed them all. They had more of both than they needed in Watson Hall. As he turned to tell Mr. Holmes he would have to accept their hospitality, a glint near the front caught his eye. Standing on his toes, he reached for it.
Giving her a kiss on the cheek, he quickly obeyed when Aunt Hudson ordered, “Sit there by those two handsome young Alpha’s and be a good chaperone for your aunt who still likes to hear good-looking young Alpha’s vie to beguile her with courtly promises.”
He whirled to see his father behind Sherlock.  His father’s face was long with his frown as he gripped John’s arm. John gasped when his father’s fingers bit into his arm, but William ignored the sound as he drew John away from Sherlock.
The look John gives him is one of unguarded rage.  He backs up, nearly tripping over the coffee table in the process—then snatches his jacket from the sofa and bolts straight out the door.
for you when you married Clara?”  He watches her wince, predictably, and immediately look away.  “You two were together for eight bloody years, and I know full well you didn’t touch each other for the last two.  And yet you both stayed.  Tried.  You can’t tell me, Harry, that you don’t understand,”  Clara had been his friend.  She’d come to him when things were at their worst.  She’d tried
“Thank you,”  He says quietly.  “For the lasagne and for everything else,”  Sherlock will know what he means.  He knows where John’s thoughts tend to go when they speak of these things.  John turns his head to meet warm grey eyes, lingering for a moment before leaning in to kiss those lips with slow, gentle purpose.  “Come on,”  He whispers, then stands with a bit of effort, extending a hand to pull Sherlock up after him.  He raises an eyebrow at Rosie, who ambles around the corner just as they rise.  “You’re both in need of a bath.  You first, kid,”  She wrinkles her nose and begins to protest when John reaches out and lifts up a long blonde curl coated in dried pink paint.  The evidence is damning, and she concedes with a glare, shuffling through their flamboyant front door and heading for the stairs.
“This has been good, actually, Harry.  You know—all things considered.  Think it’s about the best we’ve managed in a long while,”  And that is certainly true.  John can hardly stand to be around her when she’s pissed, and for as long as he can remember, now, she has been.  But she’d cut herself off several days before all this began.  She’d stopped drinking, seemingly on a whim, and had gotten through the worst of it before he’d arrived.  And despite an injured ankle and the tail end of an inconvenient concussion, he’s felt, these last few days, that he’s beginning to get his sister back.
“You have me,”  He says this so softly that I wonder if I’ve heard him correctly.  He lifts his head again to meet my eyes. “Completely. It may take me a bit for—for the rest of it.  But I want all of it. This is—this has been—” He runs his palm down my jaw, traces a cheekbone with the pad of his thumb.  I can hardly believe what I’m hearing—my heart is surely beating a hole through the walls of my chest. “I feel more for you than I knew I was capable of.  However you want me, I’m yours.”
“No!  John—”  Molly is up and in front of him in an instant, reaching halfheartedly for his wrist to stop him.  She quickly thinks better of it and lets her hand drop, positioning herself in front of the door instead and swallowing nervously at the look he shoots her way.  “Just—wait.  Please,”  She breathes.  She glances up to see Greg standing in the kitchen doorway, staring at her as though he hardly recognizes her at all.
All of the clothing is 1970’s style, and the journal contains a wealth of information.  Her name was Linda Elizabeth Jones, and the address she’s written in neat, looping script on the first page is the very same house that we now stand in.
“I don’t know.  I—this is difficult,”  His eyes are pleading, but I don’t know what to say either.  This
“Yes,” I say, clambering up onto the drum, and grasping John’s hands as he pulls me back up.  “Yes, I think we’d better.”
“It’s a term of endearment, honey,”  Ben’s still smiling. “She’s a friend.  So she’s got you looking into Hal? I’ve never even seen them interact,”  Interesting. “She dated my friend Isla for
“Can I ask you something?”  John tears his eyes guiltily from where they’ve been lingering across the room to meet Molly’s inquiring gaze.  She’s snuck up on him—intentionally, no doubt—and he’s pretty sure he knows exactly what comes next.  She’s got him cornered and undoubtedly wants to know if Lestrade has mentioned her tonight.  She’s developed quite a crush, and John can’t help but be secretly relieved that her attentions have
John thinks.  This is what he’d felt when they were finally reunited.  This is how he’d felt and John had snuffed it all out with his resentment and rage.
It’s been a long day.  A long, exhausting, life-altering day.  They’ve had quite a few of those lately.  Now four walls, a locked door and a blanket of sleep separate them from their (adorably) demanding daughter, leaving the two of them to lie face to face, duvet pulled up over their heads—quite alone for the first time all day.
Fine.  “John, you know my family has money.  They’ve opted to share some of it with me.  We’re fine,” He glares at me and I recall a conversation we’d had last week.  “Let’s set up a joint account.”
along--thank you, Mycroft.  Ever so kind,” He glares, so I continue.  “Have you put on weight?” I reach for the heavy plate of toast he’s still hoarding, drag it across the table, scraping loudly against the worn wood.  “Seems one of your buttons is attempting to make a break for it.”
“Hang on—what’s this?”  His grin can be heard in his words, and Molly lets out another quiet chuckle.  Sherlock only rolls inward, tucking his nose into John’s armpit as John’s fingers automatically begin a slow sweep along his spine.  “Tell me, you prat.”
“Mm.  But once you go a bit deeper—“ He flings open the door, ever the drama queen, and steps aside to allow them in.
“Mm?”  He sips his coffee and lowers the paper to look at me.  I’ve been pondering what to say for nearly a week. Attempting to formulate a question that will encompass all that I want to convey.  Really, I just want to touch him more thoroughly than I am currently allowed. But I can hardly say that.
A variety of material—remnants of fabric (both natural and synthetic), clear human remains, as well as something (leather?) that seems to have curled up and shrunk down, but not quite disappeared.  Lestrade mentioned they’d taken some jewelry found within the pile of ash to the lab—along with her remaining foot—to run tests.
his sense of loss in his letters.  And the last one was written on the day that we found each other again.  He’d felt my presence that morning and was thinking of me all day. “I gave these to you so you’d have tangible confirmation of what I’ve always felt for you.  I know you doubt your worth sometimes. I wanted you to be able to see for yourself whenever you need to,” I do see. He’s handed me what I would consider definitive proof.  He wipes the tears from my cheek with his thumb. “Maybe I should have burned them after all. I almost did.”
“John,” I snap, startling him when I drop down on the couch, grabbing his shoulders and demanding his full attention.  “You kept this from me. Why?” I need his perspective. Need to know why he and my imbecilic brother believed they were doing me a favour by omitting this rather large detail.  He stares at me blankly.
“They took her,”  She gasps, looking up at last, eyes locking directly on mine.  “Because I’d refused to give them
When the door clicks shut behind us, John sets the boxes on the desk, turns to me.  He looks as though he’s about to speak, but changes his mind. Strides forward, wraps his arms around my waist, presses his cheek against my chest.  My hands immediately come up to rest on his back. Pull him in, breathe him in, let him in at last.
When eventually Sherlock gasps and bats his hand away, he doesn’t protest—gladly allowing him to press them both together within the circle of one large hand.  John can only whine desperately, panting and clutching on to thrusting hips, overwhelmed with sensation as they move together effortlessly.
We stop at a roadside diner that looks like it’s been there since the dawn of time.  Crumbling stucco walls painted a bright, bubblegum pink, it was hard to miss from the highway.
I march out the back door, John not even glancing up as I walk by.  I find Ben, Adam and Danny standing around a charcoal grill, the scent of burgers and bratwurst mingling with the ocean air.  They wave me over, allow me to step into their circle.
We spend the day lazing about the cottage—John with his nose in a book and my own eyes glued to my laptop.  There’s little we can do to move forward with the case. Infuriatingly, we need to spend more time with Hal before that will change—and we’ve decided to take a day off from his agonizing aura.  And so the hours tick by, searching fruitlessly for any record of an experimental drug that resembles our sample. It’s exhausting—frustrating—sifting endlessly through records and research archives, only to come up empty handed.
—and really, I never do.  It’s odd for me, too. I may be flattered if it weren’t coming from such an intolerable tosser.  I hand him my mobile. “Well, you are that,” He says, eyes scanning the screen. “A challenge, I mean,”  He shoots me a grin when I narrow my eyes. I suppose he has a point.
Greg glances up at the tattered awning as he shuffles through the heavy blue door and into the eclectic (if a bit grimy) pub.  It’s been bloody ages since he’s been in this place.  Months and months.  He’d met John here a handful of times in the first weeks after Sherlock’s death—John claimed to have chosen it because it’s quiet and there’s absolutely no chance of running into any imbeciles from the Yard here.  Greg had gotten the impression that John had a history with the place, but he hadn’t pried.
Now, when he looks back at that time, he mostly finds the feelings of relief and disbelief he’d been drowning in once Sherlock had returned.  John may have been making all the wrong decisions, but the mad bastard had stubbornly stayed a part of his life despite all that—had been there for him in whatever way he felt he could.  Now John is trying desperately to be that person for him—his support system, his partner, his bloody cheerleader if that’s what he needs.  He thinks he may even be succeeding.  They both are, against all odds.
The moment they step outside onto another red brick pathway, Sherlock drags him to the left toward a large garage—clearly built ages after the rest of the cottage, which looks like it was plucked right out of the Irish countryside.
“On a permanent basis.  Or if you’d prefer separate rooms,”  Sherlock rolls his eyes, then narrows them infinitesimally.  “It’s fine either way,” John rushes to add.  “Of course it is.  I’d just like to know.”
“Boys!”  He exclaims, arms held out as if gesturing toward a game show prize.  “I believe I owe you my gratitude. I
Sherlock is everything to him.  He’s his best friend, yeah, but it’s more than that.  Always has been.  This, John thinks, is obvious to anyone who’s looking.  He loves him—loves him to death, evidently.  Sherlock has died for that love and come back for it, too.
He looks tired.  He always looks tired.  The rest of us open another bottle of wine (another seltzer for Harry) and play a card game, eloquently named
T̡͈̗̖̦̗͖̲͍͉̝̭̝̄̄͒̿̓̾̅͗͊̄̉̚͘͘͜͜͢͡͡h̛͙ì̲͓́s̨̢̖͇̥̹̘͚̩͚̭̗͔̱̦̥̈́̑̾́̾̉͑́̿̈́̑̆͆̑̚̕͟͠ͅ ̧̧̱͍̯̦̭͖̥̰̝͕͙̟̟̪̗̪̬̪̦̜͗͒̌̇̅̿̏̊͂̃̋̈̌̔̎̇̒̾̐̏͋̐̕͘͟ͅć̡̡̹̦͈̮̹͙̻̹̜͉̭̫̤͚̬̩̝̜͇̜̜͙͓̝̉̂̀̈́̏̿̇̌͂̌̅͛̓̆̔̈̿̏͛̕̕͞͡͠͝ͅh̢̛̹̥̦̱̘̻̦̲̻͔͔͍̭̙͖̪͈̟͑͒͋̔̄́̔̋͒̈́̆̃̆̃̀̃͘͟͡͡ͅã̛͇̯̹͈͖̮̩͚̞̳͓̺͚͔̺̟͇͗͋̇̇̀̒̅̉̆̈̏̐̕̚͢͡͞p̘̝̘̑̀̚t̡̢̢̧̛͍̩̩̳͔͕̺̺͙͕̺͍̓̃͐̌̀̋̏̑̏͂̀͗̀̕͢͞ͅe̠͙̱͍͙͛̒͛͌̓͟͜͡r̺̘̰̙͍͉̺̉͐̾̓̊̀̎͢͠ ̧̧̤̫̦͚̗͚̘͉͇̘̻͍̣̝̮̳̯͕̘̰̻̘̟̠̇̉͂̔̽͛̀̐̇͂͆͛̽̊̆̿̔͊̃̌͘̕͠͝͞i̡̩͖̠̬̱͕̫͑̎̊̐̈̃̄̈́̕͢͢͞ͅs̨̧̬̻͉̟̱͚̫̗̲̞͍̜͓͉̞͌̓̐̂̀̐̇̓̓̅̌̏̇̍̕̕͢͞͝ͅ ̨͇͈̪̣͎̰̣̱̲̌̎̽̌̿̊͗͐̚ç̠̞͍̜̣͔̼̤͖̱̜̫̄͛̅̈́͛̃̓̔̍̾̄̽͛̋͢͢ư̢̨̲̹͍͍̹̮̼͈̦̗͓̜̝̤̬̲̩͔̗̰̠̝̝̽̐̋̽̋̈͆̎͋̆̊͋̃͌͌̃͗̿͗̒̚͠r̡̧̛͍̪̮͇̖̪̦̟͕̭̪̋̍̇́̓̊̓̏̊̎͟͡s̨̡̲͙̝̗̩̹̻̜͆͗̄̈̈͆̂̋͌̚͠ͅͅė̡̩̳̤̥̰̦̭̥̮͔͖̼̣̭̦̯̜̎͋̑̂͗͐̀͐̄͗͊͋̽͐͌̉̕͜͟͡͠d̨̢͍̺̟̩͖̬̥̣̘̗̮̤̾͗̔̄̔̏͋͑̉̄̚͜͠
“All right?”  It’s Rosie who asks, in a perfect imitation of John’s usual tone.  She picks up on everything—knows that this is the question to ask when I’ve been mentally checked out for too long.  I smile, toss a bit of broccoli at her, causing a fresh wave of giggles.
“Slightly less if you accompany me,”  I suppose I’m playing with fire, immediately suggesting he come along again.  But he is here. Why is he here?
And before he even knows what he's doing, he’s got his mobile pressed to his ear and it’s ringing, ringing.  Three times, four—
“Why?”  His voice sounds small, broken.  God, this would be embarrassing if he gave a damn about such a thing right now.  Sherlock’s features are pinched in confusion when John chances a glance up at him.
John grins at me, and I lean over and give him a swift kiss.  Lestrade whistles. Molly giggles. Mrs. H. is now shedding actual tears, dabbing at her eyes with a table linen.  Ridiculous.
—boring desperately into my body, nearly sends me over the edge.  My cock glides between us as he feverishly snaps his hips—we both cry out, now, with every frenzied thrust—every blazing brush of our flesh.  When he calls out my name, a burst of molten heat courses through me—pressure building, pleasure coiling—expanding like magma, rising up to break free.  Body shaking, quaking—shattering, breaking—back arching violently and a pained, strangled shout as I erupt between us and begin to melt. John
single.  A structured, contained life.  An honest attempt at self-rehabilitation and a desire to establish healthier routines.  And then there’s John—an unmoving lump on the sofa, covered in a faded, handmade quilt.  Family heirloom made by an adored grandparent, no doubt.  Mycroft takes a seat in the chair at his side, feeling the subtlest swell of something resembling warmth.  Appreciation, at the very least.  His brother loves this man dearly—and even to someone like Mycroft, that is no small thing.
It’s been nearly a year in the making, with much assistance from Mycroft that he was thrilled (for once) to accept.  Sherlock hadn’t noticed their correspondence.  Sherlock had been grieving—he’d been adrift for months after Mrs. Hudson’s death.
When Sherlock comes, his shouts vibrate through John like a resonant symphony—body stilling, grip tightening, then falling away all together as he sinks languidly into the bed.  When John follows, he wraps Sherlock in his arms, back arching and hips thrusting wildly as he releases a decade of tension—of longing and denial—in a single strangled shout against the shoulder of his best friend.
Above the worktop are two rows of open shelving, spanning the back wall on either side of the wide window that looks out at a cluster of birch trees.  In the centre of the room sits a massive steel desk and an old leather-upholstered shop stool.  John notes the wheels and can easily imagine Sherlock whizzing across the room from the desk to the sink, possibly because he’s managed to set himself on fire (again).
All of this fills me with a great sense of unease.  Who wanted her dead? Why now? Is John a target as well?  Who placed this woman in his life? She began working at the clinic a year ago.  A year
“Thank you,”  I respond. “For everything,”  She knows what I mean. She knows the role that she played in preserving John’s life and allowing me to disappear when I needed to.  A true friend and ally, and I’d likely have none of this without her. We share a final smile before she flounces out the door, dragging Tom along behind her.
His mouth on my neck now, tongue caressing the ghost of a bruise.  Unbuttoning my collar, he sucks lightly on my collarbone--rucks up my shirt and his palms meet my skin.  Sliding, twining, tendrils blooming, the pads of his fingers bringing my flesh to life.
“Sherlock,” John says firmly from the doorway, narrowing his eyes at his flatmate’s dormant form.  If Sherlock Bloody Holmes has got flu, John isn’t sure he himself will survive it.  No response, not even a twitch.  He’s in his typical spot on the sofa, but curled on his side, facing the sitting room.  His arms are wrapped protectively around his torso—a defensive position.  Or perhaps an attempt at comforting himself.  He looks oddly boyish, unsettlingly harmless like this, and John does not like it.
“Lestrade,”  He nods, shifting their increasingly sleepy offspring to perch on his hip, her head immediately dropping to his shoulder.  The doorbell rings, filling the expansive room with a dramatic chime.  “That’ll be the Thai.”
But from the absolute bloody start, John’s instincts have screamed to protect this man at all costs.  To comfort him in whatever way he’ll accept.  To
John tucks Sherlock’s head beneath his own chin, smiles when he immediately burrows into the dip of John’s neck, breathing him in.  He tightens his grip, wraps his arms around the man.  He kisses his temples, rubs soothing circles across his back like it’s second nature—like they were always meant to interact in this way.  Gently.  Reverently.
is what he said,” She lets out a huff of laughter, rolling her eyes.  “I just told him that it felt right.  That it was time.  And it was easy, in the end,”  John smiles.  He remembers Greg calling him the next day, demanding they go for a pint and then grinning like a fool the entire evening, shaking his head and saying repeatedly that he felt like the luckiest bastard in London.
He sounds a bit mad, really.  But this is the most John has ever said on the matter, and Greg is not about to waste an opportunity to try to gauge his current state of mind.  If his disheveled appearance is anything to go by, things have only gone downhill since they’d last spoken.
“It isn’t safe,”  John stomps through the front door, holding it open for me and glaring as I traipse in behind him.  “It would be a reckless, idiotic thing to do. We don’t know what he’s capable of.  We aren’t armed.  We aren’t prepared at all,” He turns to face me, looking tense. He’s grown much more concerned about such things since Rosie entered his life.
Something inside him snaps, sparks—the embers he’d been suppressing suddenly caught in the wind and roaring back to life.  John wraps one arm firmly around Sherlock's back, feeling muscles flex beneath hot skin, feeling the strength of the man as he moves—the roll of his hips like a bloody tidal wave, crashing over John and drawing him in.  He leans forward, tongue gliding wetly over each peaked nipple, revelling in the sounds that escape from somewhere deep behind beating heart and breastbone, resonating through John, feeding the flame.  John wraps his fingers firmly around Sherlock’s shaft where it stands between them, already slick and straining.  He hears himself groan helplessly when Sherlock begins a sharp thrust up into the tight ring of his fingers, hips shifting back, only to snap upward again and again.  They move together, clinging and gasping but somehow sure, steady.  Their bodies are a force, a fine-tuned machine—surging and churning as though they were always meant to move like this—have always innately known how to unite in this way.
“Yeah,”  She exhales slowly.  “Yeah, I just—”  Molly shrugs, pushing herself off the wall and darting into the kitchen, clumsily clearing their plates from the table.
“John,” Sherlock begins, then clamps his mouth shut, squirming restlessly against their aged carpet, inching a bit closer, perhaps unintentionally, their arms now pressed together from elbow to shoulder.  John looks at him again.  Sherlock’s eyes are still closed, head tilted slightly toward him.  A line has appeared between his brows.  There is a hum of something potentially momentous building between them now.  John swallows.
“Knew you’d come around,” He rolls to bury his face in John’s jumper.  John automatically moves to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s pliant, trusting body.  When had this become so easy?  Sherlock sighs, his breath hot against John’s belly.  “How long have we got?”
It feels like relief, lying here with him.  Immense relief and a temporary tonic for our seemingly immutable doubt.
“First time for everything,”  John mumbles, scowling and taking another sip of his still-too-hot coffee.  I watch him cringe once again. Why? The temperature? Or the
John hastily taps out one final text as he shoves his way through the crowds at Baker Street Station and begins to make his way home.
“John,” Sherlock mumbles.  It isn’t a question and he doesn’t open his eyes to confirm that it is indeed John fretting at his bedside.  “Migraine,” He breathes out.
Where to begin?  Does he need to know everything?  Do I tell him I’ve killed men—destroyed lives—to preserve his?  I’ve spent most of our time together these last few weeks trying to keep thoughts of the past two years out of my head entirely.  Now I feel wholly unprepared for this conversation. “John, I’m—” I’m what? Ashamed? Is that what I need him to know? I’ve been putting this off for fear of the repercussions.  He will see me in a different light—it will haunt him. “I’m not proud of what I’ve done.”
to realize there was something between you?  Bullshit,” Danny had evidently told the rest of them that our long-term romance was a ruse for the case—and they’ve wasted no time asking us about it.  I roll my eyes. It certainly hadn’t taken me twelve years to realize, but what can I say? It took me that long to speak up. It took John even longer.
“We’re going to breakfast in about an hour if you want to join.  No pressure,” He says, with a wink. He sets the tray of coffee on the bedside table and retreats back into the hall.
“There’s nothing wrong with you,” This comes out rather more gently than he’d intended.  Cringing inwardly at the thought that Sherlock may think he’s coddling, John clears his throat and continues, his tone firm.  “We make assumptions about each other, Sherlock—always have, really.  It’s caused us a world of pain—
They’ve never spoken of this fragile thing, of the state they were both in when they’d found one another.  Sherlock had known with one glance that John had spent his evenings contemplating his gun and the myriad ways he could use it.  It’s one of the reasons he’d felt an instant kinship with the wounded soldier that had stood before him in that lab, accepting his eccentricities with amusement as no one had before.  John couldn’t have known that Sherlock—newly sober for the eighth time in his life and unsure why he ever bothered—had been in a similar state.
Greg can’t help the stupid smile on his face when John’s cheeks flush red and he stares determinitely down into his drink.
His mind is still back by the creek, if he’s being honest—his muscles still humming with the sensation of being wrapped around his best friend, being allowed into his space so wholly.  Whatever that was, it was new for them.  They’ve embraced before, sure, but not like that.  This time was intentional.  A statement.  Each time in the past that Sherlock had permitted such a thing, John had been mid-breakdown—a perfect example being the scene in the kitchen earlier today.  He can think of just one other time when Sherlock had willingly hugged him, and he was a blubbering mess on that horrible occasion as well.  And then there was the wedding—but that—he tries not to think about that.
“This isn’t just any case, John.  I’m concerned for your safety above anything else.  I’m just not sure whether we should prioritize finding the identity of Mary’s shooter or staying out of sight.  I don’t plan on going anywhere without you, whatever we decide.” That’s a given. I won’t be running off to investigate anything without him.  And if he feels safer in the flat, then we stay.
I hear him mutter to himself.  I now sit perched on a little bench on the front porch while John walks circles around the car that’s been left for us.  It’s quite—small—now that I’ve seen it up close. Old, but restored. A nice shade of burgundy. And convertible—the top currently down.  “Can you believe this?” He stops his circling and walks over to join me on the bench. I shrug.
“Yes.  Tests came back an hour ago.  She was alive at the time. Which is why we thought—forget it, I don’t want to hear you go off about the
“Lovely, really,” Mrs. Hudson agrees with a nod.  Well, this conversation is stimulating. “What have you two got planned for the holidays?”
Completely last-minute.  He’d gotten the call from her sponsor at four in the morning letting him know that she was being released from hospital but will need further care.  A concussion and a sprained ankle—both the results of an inconvenient seizure.  Withdrawal.  She’s trying to quit on her own again, evidently, without proper detox and rehabilitation.  Another lesson she refuses to learn.  But it could’ve been much, much worse.  Could still
“I’m trying to say—I don’t know how far I can go with this.  I don’t know if I can be everything you want me to be,” I don’t want him to be anything he’s not.  I only want him to be
open about my feelings tonight—not holding back at all about what his presence in my life has meant to me—and likely already making him a bit uncomfortable.  And now this? And to have invited this near-stranger into our space? What have I done now?
“Are you quoting Oscar bloody Wilde at me?”  Am I? Maybe I am. A watery smile slowly spreads across his face, his hand moves to cover mine where it rests on his cheek.  “Really, Sherlock—Dorian Gray, at a time like this?” Who? He laughs. “Idiot,” Wipes his other cheek. “I love you. Go on, then.”
Once outside the warm cocoon of the pub however, John feels the giddy confidence begin to fade, bitten from his skin by the frigid January air.  He stops on the pavement beneath the soft glow of a streetlight, turns to Sherlock, glancing up at him anxiously.  The face that meets him is equally unsure—grey eyes searching his own for a clue about what comes next.  John smiles, hesitantly.
“What is this, a bloody riddle, Mycroft?  Why are you here?”  He sits up straight now, hands clasped between his knees, clear blue eyes alert, expectant.  “Why are you at my
“Starving,”  He laughs, brushing away the crumbs.  This single-word explanation conjures a memory from long ago.  Our first night as flatmates—inviting him along on a case—expecting, perhaps, repulsion and shock.  Expecting the disdain that I am usually confronted with when someone learns of my passion for murder and intrigue.  I had wanted to be wrong. I’d seen something in him the moment he’d walked into the lab with Stamford—knew immediately that I wanted to learn as much about the man as I could possibly find out.  We’d been hesitant to leave each other’s presence that night, so I’d asked him to dinner—a move so out of character for me that I’d wondered if madness was finally creeping in. But he’d agreed, without hesitation.
don’t even know what this is, yet.  I’m not bothered by their opinions on our evolving relationship, but I would like to know John’s.  It has to mean something that he didn’t even hesitate to let them see us like this. Side by side, in what is clearly a
“Here we are,”  Sherlock alerts them as the cab rolls to a stop in front of...well—a weathered stone wall.  And...some birch trees peeking out from behind it.  Maybe an elm or two in the mix.  A few tall bushes of some sort, that look like they may flower at some later point in the season.  They’re in a residential neighborhood, sure, but they seem to have pulled up in front of the one lot with no kerb appeal to speak of.  The surrounding homes are a fairly eclectic mix—a large, modernized stone cottage, multiple grand looking brick structures—”Constructed in the nineteenth century,”  Sherlock supplies helpfully, glancing around with a look of mild distaste at the towering architecture.  “Come along,”  He takes Rosie’s hand and strides toward a tall iron gate embedded in the stone wall, beside what appears to be a red brick driveway leading to god knows where.
We meet in the middle, my arms pulling him in.  He rests his cheek on my chest, hand curled comfortably against my ribcage.  My palm rubs circles across his back and I let out a soft sigh, the day’s tension fading as we melt against one another.
They’ve hardly a need to speak at all anymore, as in sync as they’ve become.  Their life has become a practiced dance.  The most interesting thing that’s happened in months was Sherlock stabbing him in the side with his toes.  And, incidentally, what followed had been the most physical contact John has had with an adult member of the human race in, well, years.  Nearly four years, if we’re being honest—
Stepping through the kitchen, John leaves the shopping bags on the table, winds his way through teetering stacks of books and papers and other everyday detritus to perch on the coffee table in front of the couch.
Last night was everything I could have ever wanted it to be.  The panic-fueled pressure I had built up around the act had vanished, swiftly replaced by absolute trust and profound desire.  It was perfect. It always is. “I love you,” I breathe.
“Does it change anything for you?”  I ask. I want to know. I want to know if he wants things to change—if such a small thing is enough to shift our relationship into uncharted territory.
Thank you guys so much for reading/commenting/being so nice and lovely and wonderful all the time.  Here's a
Rosie makes herself known about a half hour later with a shrill squeal and a screeched “Dad!  Daddy!”  The three adults in the house have settled on the sofas in front of the softly crackling fireplace, and the sound of ripping paper can be heard over the second floor banister.  A moment later a series of freshly unwrapped plush toys make their way down the slide, followed by a mop of blonde curls.  When Rosie sees the mountain of gifts waiting beneath the tree, she turns to them, wide eyed.
He gives me a look.  “Yes, Sherlock, upset that we’re together now.  She’s been in love with you for ages.”
“Dad!”  I can see from where I lean against the headboard on the other side of the bed that she’s bouncing around.  Thrilled to see her father’s face. I remain out of sight—obviously.
When we tumble in to bed, it’s with heavy lids and light hearts.  We meet in the middle and slip swiftly into sleep, safely encircled in each other’s arms.
“Well, now’s your chance,”  He says, glancing up at John, who’s glaring fixedly at the phone where it lies between them.  “Explain away.”
“Of course I do,”  He leans up, kisses him hard, weaving fingers through dark curls in an effort to keep him close.  Closer.  Never close enough.  “Of course I bloody do, Sherlock,” John breathes against his lips, before letting him go, watching as he straightens his spine, standing at full height but remaining within John’s orbit.  “This is something I’ve thought about for a long, long time—longer than I care to admit.  It should have been you the first time ‘round—though I know that neither of us was ready for this then,” It’s still incredibly painful to consider how much they had to go through together to find their way here.
Small and lost and nothing like the firecracker of a man she’d grown up with and relied on all her life.  She glances around this achingly familiar space, eyes roaming over the clusters of mismatched sofas, the lonely leather armchairs that frame the fireplace, the strange taxidermy and even stranger old paintings adorning the walls.  Her gaze drifts to the shelves of knickknacks behind the bar, to the hundreds of fraying postcards stabbed in stacks onto the heads of nails, the countless stray keys hanging in bunches on hooks—all left behind by decades of patrons who’d found themselves in this corner of the world and wanted to leave their mark.  All her father’s treasures, still proudly displayed after all this time.  The pub is empty but for the tragic figure sitting vigil at the bar.
On the walk back to 221B, John holds my hand.  I’m still adjusting to the fact that I’m now allowed these simple gestures of affection.  Still difficult to believe that I no longer need to beat back everything I feel for him. No longer have to keep it all safely contained beneath my skin.
Adrenaline is positively gushing through my veins.  The case closed with a confession, sure (boring) but still.  Solved. Case closed, game over. Nice try, Mrs. Chambers. You can outwit the Met but you can’t outwit me.
But Sherlock is fed up.  Fed up with John’s stubborn stagnancy and with his own inability to begin a conversation, to begin inching back toward the man he considers his best friend and most trusted ally, to find the closeness they had once shared.  Maybe (he can hope) even more than they’d had before.  After everything, after all they’ve been through together and all that John has lost—something has got to give.
As it turns out, Ruth rang her big brother earlier this evening—just about an hour into our stakeout by the skips.  After a day of stewing in her own rage over Linda’s murder, she went ahead and picked up the phone. Told him exactly what she thinks of him—told him, as she’d wanted to, to go straight to hell—and gave him all the data he needed to know, for certain, that he’d finally been found out.
“Hey, family.  Happy bloody Christmas,”  She shuffles inside, throwing her arms around John’s neck and glancing around the room behind him.  “Well,”  She hasn’t stopped beaming.  “Here we go.”
“John,” He glances up at the sound of his name.  “Do you think—are we—” I trail off. What am I trying to ask him?  What do I need to say? He raises an eyebrow.
,” He says determinedly.  I feign annoyance at his enthusiasm—groan dramatically and close my eyes.  He shifts his hips—a strategic move—stirring my wearied cock back to life. I try to ignore him, ordering my mind back into the depths of sleep, but I’m distracted by his persistent grind.  When I crack an eye open to glare up at him, he grins. Rolls his hips forward, back. Playing dirty. Leans down, down, to whisper seductively in my ear, “Happy Christmas.”
“Father told you of how he has given arms to the villagers and set up a warning system to fight off any invasion?” John could not be mores startled if Sherlock had told him that he had been named the new king.
Maybe he’d gone outside to escape the glances that followed John as he sought Sherlock throughout the room. Stepping out through a French door, he took a deep breath of the warm air. John’s shoulders ached as he let them sag. He’d not guessed how stiffly he had been holding them.
John glared at Sherlock as the man in question worked to stifle his giggles. How the erstwhile detective had remained damage free while John had turned into a veritable garden of color was beyond him.
“To own the truth,” John said, although he was not doing so, “Sherlock and I quarreled before he left to make these deliveries. I will be glad when we can resolve it.” Maybe it wasn’t a lie because he truly wished it could be so.
Trust? John almost laughed, too. He must have given some answer, because she kissed him lightly on the cheek, told him to come down for tea in a few minutes, and left.
“To recall how you should behave, and you have been behaving quite well, serving his interests well, as an Omega should, in the beating of the bounds.” Sherlock gave him a wry grin. “
“Neither Father nor my sister would have any use for it. If – “ He bit off the rest as the peddler’s – Mr. Holmes – eyes twinkled again. Once again, he met that gaze without flinching. He need not act like John was revealing some deep dark secret.  Anyone in the nearby village would be able to tell him who lived in Watson Hall.
He waved to Molly before hurrying across the field. He breathed a sigh of relief when he reached the trees on the far side of the field. Now there was no chance that Sebastian would see him.
“An easy assumption when you just did.” John set the empty glass on a nearby table and knelt by his chair. “Will you be honest about what you meant about the smugglers?”
“You were walking in this direction, so I thought I would walk with you as far as the stables.” He smiled, and his teeth glittered in the same light of the rising moon. “Unless you have changed your mind, of
When he could no longer delay, John walked to the table. Neither Harry nor Greg met his eyes. Did they think he’d been altered by his marriage? Perhaps they were right. Nothing could ever be the same in the wake of the lies and counter lies which had bound his life to Sherlock’s.
Hearing the strain in his words, John realized Sherlock was looking in the opposite direction.  Sherlock put an arm around him and led him through the crowd, heading closer to the pier.
“Is that so?” Sir Albert crushed flowers as he stepped toward John. Laughing at John’s dismay, he said, “I wish to speak to you now, John.”
Molly pressed a hand over her heart and sighed. “He was so like the hero in one of the books you have lent me. He jumped to your defense with a fervor that can come only from a loving heart. When the people in the village see that, they will not heed the horrible rumors.”
John stiffened his shoulders so the shudder rising along his spine would not be visible. “Auntie, how can you ask such a question?”
“It is a skimble-skamble thing.” Sebastian fingered the lapels of his coat, and his nose wrinkled as he brushed away some leaves and twigs from its fine blue wool.
Molly was coming out of a shop on the hilly street leading up from the sea just as John opened the door. When she stuttered a greeting, he stepped back out into the sunshine.
“I guessed that when Harry lead the way.” Molly gazed along the path that lead steeply up the next hill and toward the wood that sheltered it from the sea.
Harry cried, “Yes, tell us!” She sat on the other side of her brother and looked up expectantly at Sebastian.
John sat on the chaise longue and looked at the pillow that was propped there. With a groan, he pressed his face against it and wept.
“Is that what you think we are doing?”  His cousin laughed.  “Dear John, you have always been sweetly naïve.  We aren’t helping the smugglers.  We are trying to stop the smuggling.”
“Father enjoys the chance to talk to strangers.” He hesitated then asked. “Is he buying the pistol?”
How long had he been lost in his thoughts of making John his? He was finding it more and more difficult to push aside those fantasies that he could make come true if he went to John now.
The condemnation was not in his own voice, but it might as well have been. He knew that marrying now was probably the most witless thing he had ever done. The devil was sure to demand his due, but not marrying John would have been far more stupid. He could not let this ceremony change his plans. The others would have to understand that he intended for his name to protect John against the Morans. It was the very least Sherlock could do for him.
John sat on the bed, his knees refusing to hold him. “Just like that? I do not expect you to tell me whom you have been with while your mate sleeps, but it seems that a lie would be appropriate at a time like this.”
“I speak as a man who has come to like the breeze on his face and the sun highlighting his path.” He rubbed his right shoulder and grimaced again.
“You are not without some graces, young man. I thought you would recognize when a lady wishes to dance.”
Standing, he turned to see Elsa asleep in a chair by the door. He gently shook his maid awake and sent her to bed in the small room on the other side of the dressing room, not wanting to chance Elsa waking to discover Sherlock sleeping on the chaise longue.
John greeted the minister, glad that he and his father welcomed him into their conversation.  John chatted with them as gaily as if his cares were as distant ass the thin clouds over the sea while he watched Sir Albert continue past.  The glower he fired in John’s direction warned him that he would have to evade Sir Albert and be cautious during the rest of the day.
John knew he should let him go, should let him leave but the thought of that pistol wouldn’t leave him. If Harry was going to get the chance to fight instead of him, she ought to have the best weapons available. Hopefully, that would help her survive.
Sherlock’s face hardened as he seized John’s shoulders. Staring into his shocked eyes, he demanded, “What do you expect of me? I was not lying when I told young Moran that your appealing charms are urging me to madness. If I hold you and kiss you, my dear husband, I doubt I could be halted with just that.”
“It has not been a pleasurable afternoon.” John did not have to fake a shiver. “It was frightening to be out in the storm.”
“You are right, John. I had no interest in recounting the details of our courtship, for I was not sure what tale you were spinning for your friends.” He folded his arms on the high back of a chair. “And I would be want-witted not to take advantage of meeting the elite of this area.” Sherlock’s smile vanished so quickly, John blinked as he added, “And I would be want-witted not to know of the incident in the garden.”
Sherlock captured John’s face between his hands and brought it up so he might look into it. His lips touched John’s forehead fleetingly, but could not ease the deep ruts of heartache creasing his brow.  Tasting his icy cheeks, he said, “ ‘Tis the truth that, while I honestly married you to save you from those dastardly Morans, our marriage allows me to stay here without creating questions I could not answer. When I learned I must stay here a while longer, I could think of no better way than by being your husband.”
“He has no reason to believe me when his son whom he as always trusted as owned to being my paramour.” He gave John a wry smile and tipped his face up, gently. “It won’t be so horrible to be married to me, will it?”
His laugh vanished into Sherlock’s mouth as he pulled John into his arms. Sherlock had tried to persuade himself that this intoxicating pleasure had been only his imagination, honed by arms that had been empty too long. He had been wrong. As his mouth coursed along John’s neck, John trembled. His soft gasp of Sherlock’s name caressed his ear and ricocheted within him, setting his every nerve afire.
“Why not? The sun is out and so am I.” Sherlock’s fingers rose to brush John’s fringe back off his face. “And I am here with a man who makes me forget how many miles we will be walking in a circle today.”
“So why did you set up this charade? Do you love each other so much that you were willing to chance ruining yourselves this way?”
The carriage rocked to a stop so sharply that John was almost thrown into his cousin’s lap.  He nodded when Greg asked if he was alright. That was not that truth, because he had banged his shoulder into the side of the carriage. It ached, and hot pulses jolted his arm like bolts of lightning.
As soon as Molly’s father arrived with the proper papers, he would be marrying an Alpha he hardly knew – for better and for worse and for all the days of their lives. Every night of those many days, he must share his bed with him. Every heat. As he looked at Sherlock’s smile, he began to understand just how long that could be.
It was a perfectly reasonable explanation, but John wondered if it were really the truth. He had just been looking toward the house, not the gardens.
Trouble was coming. John shuddered as he had in the garden. As soon as Sebastian spoke with his father, he was sure both men would call.
He shakes his head.  Last thing he remembers is a call from Lestrade following a round of truly spectacular sex.
“The truth? Do you even know what that is? Our whole life is a lie. Have you enjoyed your game with my heart, Captain Huillet?”
“Of what?”  John did not want to lie to him, but if he intended to be Sir Albert’s ally… That made no sense, for why would Sir Albert have stopped their carriage if they were allies? Nothing made sense now.
John sat in the chair by the window as he toweled his hair dry. He couldn’t keep from glancing out into the steady rain. What a witless air-dreamer he was! He could not halt his heart from beseeching his gaze to seek the drive to discover if Sherlock was coming through the gate. He would not be returning to Watson Hall.
“Why not?” John leaned forward. “You care deeply for Molly.  I could see that.  And she is in love with you.  Why would you break her heart, which she only wants to give to you, to marry a woman who means so little to you?”
His friend did not. “Mr. Anderson did not think so. He was quite emphatic that he saw them. He even described the green uniforms that Papa told me are most definitely French.”
John was glad for a chance to chuckle at Sherlock’s amazement for a change. “Tis a tradition in this shire that goes back before anyone can remember. Of course, it is much simpler now when most of the fields in the shire are enclosed. Years ago, people would have to walk nearly thirty miles during the day to make sure all the markers were in place to show where Watson land ended and the king’s began. Then they would dance through the night. Now, one only need to go about ten miles to traverse the bounds.”
John scowled. The man now sounded more like the Moran’s. John was well within hearing range of the men working the fields across the road and he could certainly look after himself. He wasn’t feeble and was smart enough to know not to go out at night.
“I came out here alone. I was looking for Sherlock, and I know how he enjoys the fresh air.” He took her arm, tugging her away from where Sir Albert was shifting groggily. “You cannot tell anyone about this.”
Quivering beneath the seductive power of Sherlock’s breath stroking him, John drew back. He could not scold Sherlock for such an arrogant assumption when it was the truth. He wanted to curse his heart which had leaped at the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
John walked back to the gate, needing to put some room between them. “I would have guessed it would be easier just to send it with the post.”
“Yes.” John’s hand covered Sherlock’s on his knee.  “Sherlock, it is more important than ever to keep Harry from entering the military.”  Putting his head down against his hand, I cannot bear the thought of you and my sister on opposite sides of the same battlefield.”
The officer smiled, the dark eyes above his gaunt cheeks narrowing. John stiffened his back knowing how useless his cries for mercy would be. Even if he shouted, he could not depend on Mr. Anderson to come to his aid. The other man’s fingers opened and closed on his gun as if he were trying to decide what order to give.
John’s head snapped up as he heard Sherlock’s endearment. Then his relief vanished. What had he brought with his attempt to escape Sebastian’s heavy-handed seduction? He might have been enthralled by Sherlock’s tempting kisses, and he might have dreamed of his touch, but he knew nothing of him. No, he knew Sherlock was keeping secrets behind his charming smile.
“What has happened?” John asked. For the first time, he noticed the scent of horseflesh and salt on his father. His clothes were not wrinkled from having worked hard at his desk, but from riding for hours.
Sherlock stroked John’s hair as he gazed at the people scattered across the rolling hill. So complicated this had gotten, so quickly.
“I am thinking about what I am doing. Finally, I am. I will let you up as soon as you prove to me that I am your first lover.”
“To hell with my language!” His fingers tightened on John’s arm as he tried to back away. “If you wish me to be courteous, then give me the courtesy of an answer.”
John had seldom blushed before Sherlock arrived at Watson Hall, but he knew he must be doing so now, for heat surrounded him. Sherlock laughed and winked at Molly who giggled as they walked out of the chapel.
“Not until you hear him speak of his shame with his own lips.” Sebastian ripped John from his father’s embrace. “I want you all to hear why
“He expected that I would wear it when I was married.” John set the box on his bed and linked them through his cuffs.
As he walked with Harry toward the gate, Sherlock listened to her talk about her determination to serve her country. Did every young Alpha harbor dreams of glory?
“Shall you storm back in the other direction or plow straight through?” Sherlock leaned against the stone wall and smiled at him.
for Greg. A few months back, his cousin called on Molly several times, and there had been murmurs about a possible marriage. Then Greg began visiting Miss Sally Donovan regularly. Although he spoke more of Miss Donovan’s brother, Andrew, everyone expected an announcement at any moment.
“Good evening, sir,” he said, waiting for Donovan’s reaction. This could be the ruin of everything he had worked for.
“Hero.” Sebastian dropped into a chair, then came to his feet again, for John had not sat. “Pushing him away from a wagon is hardly heroism.”
John put his fingers over Sherlock’s on his cheek. Just touching him gave him strength. “Please do not speak so.”
“No.” He answered shortly.  Meeting the peddler’s eyes again, it was obvious that the man was enjoying this.  John’s gaze sparked.  He was a respectable omega.  The first born son of an honorable alpha.  And while he had shown a decided lack of manners in his staring, that was no excuse for the man to be rude.
John was not certain if the time flew or crawled past while Father waited for the special license to be delivered to Watson Hall.  Sitting alone in his room and being so quiet even Elsa finally left him to his own thoughts, he wished he could turn back the clock to the moment Sebastian had asked him to walk him to his carriage.
“If you speak of Sebastian, he will not be joining us tonight,” Lady Hudson said. “He apparently had the misfortune to walk through some sort of greenery today that caused him to develop the most excruciating rash.”
“What?”  John could not believe what he was hearing.  “But you and Molly sat together through the whole of the blessing of the fishing fleet.  You had luncheon together.  You even danced just about every dance with her.  You two seemed so happy together.  I saw that, and Mr. Donovan must have seen it as well.  I thought – “
“But you are afraid of marrying him and going to live with him and his father. Just the father and the son and you, the omega. Very, very cozy.”
John edged back, then faltered when rain struck him. He was not at the door so it must be coming through the roof. “Please do not say such things.”
Rehanging the poker next to the fireplace, he grinned. “I thought you would be asleep at this hour, John.”
“Because they know we want to prevent an invasion of these shores and open trade again with France.”
“It may have been a most mistaken thing to assume he would select the Donovan girl for his bride,” his aunt said.
William frowned at him, but said, “Because one of the soldiers was captured. Now, at long last, we shall learn of everything they have planned.”
“Your marriage does matter to all of us,” Greg said as he sat and folded his hands together on the knees of his green breeches. “We all wish to see you well settled.”
“And some of that excellent wine that seems to have a habit of falling off French ships and coming ashore not far from here.”
actually had this chapter ready for me a month and a half ago. I'm just unbelievably slow. Mistakes are mine, but nothing else is.
The strand was light with brands as fiddle music challenged the sea.  John laughed as the music ended.  Seeing Molly glowing with joy as she gazed up at Greg, John wanted to continue to spin about in the blithe dance.  They did not need music.
“No, you did not intrude. I’m glad you came to speak with me, especially about this,” Talking about Greg’s concern for Molly had given John a moment’s respite from thinking of how and when he should reveal to his family that Sherlock would not be returning.
She nodded. “It is the most perfect gown ever made. I cannot wait to dance in it.” Without pausing, she asked, “Where is that peddler I have heard so much about?”
“It has to be.” Sherlock swung the window open. Maybe the remnants of the day’s heat would ease the chill that had settled on him. He could not delay saying what he must any longer. John’s heartfelt declaration made this even more difficult to do. “I must be gone for a few days,” he said as he looked up at the stars.
“It is too late already.” When he looked past John again, he whirled to see Sebastian trying to keep Harry from leaving the room.
“When are you leaving?” John glanced at the wagon. Sherlock’s explanation was reasonable, but his reaction had not been. This must have to do with the secret he never divulged. He wished he could figure out what it was.
John swallowed his sigh, while Molly fired him an apologetic smile. Trying again to smile, he said, “I did not see you at Watson Hall.”
“Is it?” John returned. “It would be good for everyone to remember where the paths lead through the woods and away from the coast. Just in case.”
The Frenchman with the gun came toward him with such stealth that his passage barely moved the undergrowth. Now John understood how he and his comrades had been able to sneak so close to the village. He started to lean away from the man as he put his hand out but John’s head struck his captor's broad chest.
He was sadly mistaken to think he could find nothing new about John to draw his attention. When Sherlock saw him in a white jacket with a waistcoat only a shade darker than the midday sky drawing his gaze to his alluring curves, it was if he was seeing John for the first time. When he laughed again as he spoke with his father, the sound went right to Sherlock’s heart to swirl about him like the sweetest melody.
“My father would not force me to marry against my will.” John repeated the words which he had said so often, and he longed to believe them. Maybe Father would have acquiesced if he had flown off into a frenzy about marrying Sherlock, but John was certain Father would have insisted he marry someone else without delay.
“You should not be running about like that.” Miss Donovan spoke the scold as if she were Harry’s sister. “Why, I just heard the other day that Mrs. James rose from her sickbed and – “
so much before—not even close.  There’s never been so much at stake, for either of them.  John stares up into mesmeric eyes, tears making their escape at last, tracing a crooked path across his cheeks.  “Just—”  He reaches up, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands.  “Come here,”  He allows John to pull him downward, collapsing against his chest.
It isn’t long before I feel myself slipping away—sinking into sleep within his quieting embrace.  I feel his lips brush my temple as my mind goes offline—it seems I’ve found, in him—at last—a way to silence the noise.
“Okay, yeah,”  He agrees rather quickly, and I wonder if perhaps his doctorly side is concerned for this young person who’s found himself in a questionable situation.  Henry nods his thanks, looking immensely relieved, and the three of us climb into the car.
“That’s him,” We’ve halted about four metres from the bar, Ben discreetly indicating a relatively fit ginger-haired man seated amongst a small group in the corner.  The area is roped off, clearly meant for VIPs. Ridiculous. As we push through the lingering crowd toward them, I note—heart plummeting—the man seated to his right.
“Mrs. Hudson,”  Oh, he sounds weary.  Tattered and worn.  She turns to him, holding her breath.  “Can we talk?”  This is what she’d wanted.  She’s been plotting for this with crusty rolls and roasts, so why does it feel like she’s walking into her own execution?
He pulls away, slowly, his warm hands on my forearms now.  Stares. He's doubting his own sense of reality. I don't know how to make this more real, John, for either of us.
“Must we?”  I ask for the eleventh time, slamming my car door shut with a dramatic flourish.  John only rolls his eyes and strides down the pavement toward the Rainbow.
“Yes well, we just had escargots on Thursday, actually, so pizza it is,” John’s amusement is written all over his face as he pours Lestrade a glass of wine.  “Glad you could make it. How was work?”
“Dad,” Rosie chirps distractedly from where she still sits perched in Sherlock’s chair across the room, effectively slashing the bubble of intense intimacy they’d been existing within.  They both turn to look at her.  “Watch with me.  Daddy too,” Sherlock meets his eye once more with a small grin.  John only had to tell her once that she could call him Dad if she’d like to.  After a bit of awkwardness while she tried it out, she seemed to decide it rolled right off the tongue and embraced the term entirely.  Now they’re Dad and Daddy.  Ridiculous and incredibly endearing.
Before he can overthink it, he reaches out, squeezes John’s shoulder, quickly letting his arm drop back to his side.  John smiles, clears his throat.
I watch John for a moment, choosing my words carefully.  I’ve decided to wait until he has nowhere to run off to, to begin a conversation again.  There are still things that need to be said, questions that need to be asked. I’ve thought of little else since that unexpected turn of events in the kitchen of 221B, and I want to understand.
I wrap my arms around his waist.  Run the tip of my nose along his ear.  You’re right, John, about everything. It’s the unknown.  The lack of control. “I can’t trust my own thoughts anymore,”  I breathe. This is the root of it. Unwarranted panic. Unrelenting cynicism.  Be it PTSD or something else, I no longer trust my own mind.
The Eames family is shifting uneasily behind us.  “Thought it was a hoax,” Charles mumbles, sounding wary.
John continues to watch him in silence, a patiently curious expression carved out in the lines of his face.  Sherlock hesitates, painfully aware of the magnitude this moment holds.  He swallows.  “Sleep with me,” is what slips through his lips, just a whisper dropped unceremoniously into the ringing silence between them.  A suggestion carrying the heavy weight of uncertainty in its tone.  And Sherlock knows that his own eyes are as wide as John’s, and he fears that the swell of panic spreading rapidly through his chest might finally take him down.
“Why haven’t you told him?”  Harry is hobbling about the kitchen on one crutch, tearing apart a cupboard in search of whatever tea she’s decided is vastly superior to the Earl Grey that John has made.  He sips at his mug, glancing up at her over the newspaper he’s been staring at unseeingly for the better part of an hour.  He says nothing, watching as she finds the one she’s looking for and plops a bag into the steaming water John left for her on the worktop.  Finally, she meets his eye.  “Well?”
Standing outside the glass partition and staring into the steaming spray he’s just switched on, John can’t stop his mind from drifting toward everything that hasn’t yet been said.  Now that he’s left the safety of their bed (is it even
home and leaving you here while I put up a plastic bloody tree,”  John warns, shivering in the frigid December morning as Sherlock stops abruptly and turns to stare back at him.
Hearing him voice his love of the work never fails to make my heart go tender, to melt right through the gaps in my ribcage.  I can’t help but think of a time before John, when it was all I had to keep me moving forward. A time when I was alone—despised by those around me—used for my mind and then turned away from once the puzzle was solved.  To have found a man who not only appreciates what I do, but also who am—who is a valuable contribution to the work, and even more so to every other facet of my life—someone I can trust with my heart, trust with everything—”John.”
“He told me you kissed him,” She whispers, turning on her side to face him, the atmosphere around them shifting into something much heavier in an instant.  “Not that first day, but—eventually.  I had to drag it out of him.  He said it had happened a while back—that he’d panicked and ruined everything.  He thought you’d leave,”  John runs a hand over his face.  He didn’t realize she knew about that.  Sherlock thought
“Yes, well, nothing new there.  At least you’re nice to look at--” I dodge the Union Jack pillow he’s just tossed at me from where he sits in his chair.  “Really, John, so juvenile.”
get to the point.  “I—wanted to suggest she call you dad.  Or whatever you like, really.  If—if that’s all right.”
.  He stares for a long moment, formulating his response.  Then, slowly, he drops his mug on the coffee table and turns his body toward me, knocking the blanket carelessly to the floor.  He brings his hands to my biceps and pushes me back, back until I’m lying down, eyes wide and waiting—
John—acting on sentiment,”  He nearly spits this out, voice gradually rising as he continues to find the words.  “I don’t know what to
John and I wake several hours later.  We shower (separately), dress, and head downstairs.  We’re greeted with a scene of domesticity not unlike our own.  My father sits at the table, newspaper in one hand and a cup of tea in the other, while my mother flits around him, frying sausages and whisking eggs.
them to know, he’d had other things on his mind—like not getting shot by the gun-wielding, brainless bastard they’d been chasing across London.
I push gently at his waist, encouraging him to let go.  I want to see his face—want to understand where this is coming from.  Is he as unsettled by Irene as I am? Shaken into action by the undeniable evidence of lost love?  He loosens his grip on my neck, leaning back and sliding his hands to my nape, fingers brushing through the curls there.  When we lock eyes, I understand. Unsettled, indeed. His face is vulnerable, open—earnest as ever. His actions are fueled by emotion, not some sort of inexorable lust.
And why is he so bloody warm?  The fire’s long dead, he can smell the lingering, comforting scent of it in the chilly air, his awareness beginning to sharpen (finally), always a bit bloody sluggish after—after.
John thinks for a moment, caught a bit off guard as he chews on stale Cheerios, occasionally glaring at his sister across the table where she sits in silence stirring the off-colour milk with her spoon.
John laughs, of course he does.  “I’d requested a candle,”  Sherlock grumbles.  John shifts a bit closer.
“Hi,”  He breathes, watching as Sherlock’s eyes search his own, one corner of his beautiful bloody mouth tugging upward sheepishly.  John feels his heart rate rise to a gallop as they lie watching one another, silently reliving what they’d shared the night before.
When John looks up at him, something unmistakable passes between them.  An acknowledgement, he thinks, that things could change between them—
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock breathes, pulling John’s bottom lip gently between his own.  John quietly groans, pushing his fingers into Sherlock’s disheveled curls, letting his eyes drift open to peer up at the man who holds his heart in his hands.
be aware of the effect this is having on me.  His movements are deliberate—and he knows precisely how concentrated the nerve endings are in this delicate region of flesh.  I’m rapidly growing hard—it doesn’t take much, with him—and it won’t be quite so simple to ignore with his face centimeters away from—I grab his wrist, abruptly halting this languid torment.  He looks up at me, a bit surprised and a bit smug. “What, precisely, are you attempting to do?” He shrugs a shoulder, letting his hand fall to his own chest when I release his wrist.
I slip my hand under his shirt, up his chest—brush across his scar, lightly circle a nipple.  Slowly run my palm back down his side to his hip. I slide my fingers through a belt loop and pull him closer.  Unfasten his jeans and slip my fingers down his pants. Stroke him firmly, steadily, as he hardens in my hand. He watches me closely, panting lightly.  Tucks an errant curl gently behind my ear.
The phrase John types to Sherlock is straight from the song this fic was named for.  Consider it an ode to Sufjan.  <3
“It matters,” He says quietly, smoothing his fingertips over a faded scar over Sherlock’s brow that’s been there since his return.  He is furious with himself for his cowardice, for never once asking about it.  About any of it.  “It matters, Sherlock.”
He believes that John has figured out, at this point, where his limits lie.  He believes that John is aware of what Sherlock wants from him and aware of what he will never be interested in with anyone—even John, who he loves with an intensity that punches the breath from his lungs if he lets himself fully feel it.  He wants to believe that he could have it, that it could work between them, but he simply does not know what John is thinking.  He never has.
Sherlock glares at the relentless bloody flood and wonders, in a moment of self-doubt that’s become a disappointingly familiar sensation of late, if he should just take this as a sign and give it up.
like a clinging child, desperate for the comfort of proximity to the only person he gives a single sodding toss about in this moment.  “Such a bloody lush,”   John mumbles, the grin evident in his voice.  Sherlock smiles into John’s red plaid shirt.  There’s been more of this between them, since his return.  More of this softer version of their usual banter, bordering on flirtation, though he’s well aware that’s wishful thinking on his part.  Nevertheless, he loves it.  He craves it.  He huffs in mock annoyance, then groans when John begins to firmly stroke his back in slow, deliberate sweeps.
The next room they attempt to explore is the second-floor loo, and they are immediately pushed back out the door by their full-bladdered progeny.  Now they lean side by side against the wall, staring out over the banister at the spectrum of light shining through stained glass windows, dousing the whole cottage in luminous colour as the sun begins to set.
“You are very generous, Mr. Watson, but I would prefer to pay for my food.” He tossed the tea into the wagon as if it were nothing but a box of dirt. “Is there nothing here you might be willing to trade for?”
He should have known better than to engage the Lady in a battle of words when his thoughts were so scattered. “I am a man who is not where he belongs.”
Bringing John to lean over him, he framed his face as he whispered, “Don’t wonder about me, sweetheart. Just be my bonny John. Be safe in the cocoon of oblivion you’ve spun for yourself. I want to know that you’re safe here when I cannot be with you.”
He grimaced. “Father will not be pleased that Greg is not here today. He expects all of us to take our duties as seriously as he does his.” Glancing at his friend, he said, “I am sorry, Molly. I know you hoped to see him today.”
His father’s relieved smile told John what he should have known. Father had been as uneasy as John about this breakfast. Although he guessed neither Father or Auntie believed any longer that he and Sherlock had been lovers before the wedding, he knew they would find it unimaginable that John had slept by himself last night.
John wondered where Harry went. She might easily have slipped out of the room while he spoke with Sebastian, but that was not like her.  She usually preferred to be in the midst of any hullabaloo.
“This.” He lifted a small pistol from its walnut case and smiled as he cradled it in his palm. The butt and barrel were engraved with curlicues so fine they resembled the curls on a baby’s head. He noted the perfect balance as he gripped the gleaming thing. Harry’s hands were not much smaller than his, so it should fit her perfectly.
Again conversation vanished. Sherlock put a hand on his arm, but John did not want to move from his side as Sir Albert Moran paused in the doorway and scanned the room. Even with the passage of years, Sir Albert had not lost his commanding presence. The black remaining in his gray hair was as dark as his eyes, and the breadth of a face that was falling into jowls was diminished by his wide shoulders. It was easy to imagine him browbeating the prime minister… both figuratively and literally.
“What do you want to say to me?” John asked as he closed the door and faced his cousin. “It seems you must be quick about it, for the minister is here.”
John scowled and backed away from Greg’s rage.  When he bumped into a man, he whirled to flee.  He took John’s arm, but with gentle respect.
“That might help, especially if I am to stand beside you when you propose marriage to Miss Donovan.”
He whirled John into his arms so swiftly that John’s feet caught on the steps and caused him to stumble.  Sherlock’s arms kept him from falling as their lips met. As Sherlock’s kiss deepened, demanding that John give himself to his passion, Johns fingers climbed Sherlock’s arms to wrap around his nape. Sherlock pulled him even closer when John’s fingers touched the skin beneath his high collar.
He shook his head. “They seldom bother me, because I have usually found shelter off the road before nightfall. Other vagabonds, who prefer to consider themselves knights of the pad, may not be brave enough to halt a carriage, but see a solitary peddler as an easy target.”
“John! Isn’t it a grand morning?” Aunt Hudson waved to him from the pony cart that was rolling to a stop in front of the house.
“Shall we share a drink from the marriage cup?” he asked in a light voice which masked the truth he must never speak, even to the Omega who now shared his name.
Lord Watson gave them a sympathetic smile before following his aunt and youngest child up the steps. Greg had arrived on his own at least an hour ago.
In disbelief, John watched Harry walk toward him, shaking her fist. He ran and threw his arms around her, then stepped back. “Did he hurt you?” He asked.
“Yes,” he whispered, hoping the witnesses would translate the blush on his face as embarrassment. Instead he was flustered by Sherlock overhearing his owning to the minister what he’d never said to him. Although he was not sure that he loved Sherlock Holmes, being with him was endlessly thrilling. Sherlock teased him and forced John to keep up with his quick wit. When John despaired, he offered compassion and dared him to face his problems head-on. The aura of mystery surrounding Sherlock tantalized him. And his touch… John’s bones threatened to melt like sweets left in the sun as he thought of how this ceremony would end. He would be in Sherlock’s arms and his mouth on John’s. Later –
for putting up with my crazy RL and being there to point out my silly mistakes.  Any mistakes you find are all mine.
John fought to keep his shoulders from sagging in defeat.  Sir Albert knew Sherlock’s real name.  How could thins have happened?  Cold coursed through him.  Sir Albert must be the leader of the smugglers. His cohorts could have brought him the truth, although he though Sherlock wise enough to seek out the smugglers’ chief without revealing his own loyalties.
—war—the Armed Forces in general—is something I can never relate to.  Danny watches me, his face a bit sad. I’m inviting pity. Need to snap out of it.
“I told you that you were in over your head,”  He directs this at me, both brows raised now. “You’re
“You’re grieving,”  Sherlock rumbles, taking a deep breath and finally letting his own head tip to the side, cheek resting carefully against John’s soft silver crown.  He can feel John’s smile against his shoulder.  He picks idly at a fingernail, still nervous and quite unsure what to do with his hands.
“Hudson Housing Grant,”  Sherlock says, again, as though testing the words on his tongue to see how they feel.
“Show me what you have in mind,” His hands on my hips, now.  My heart slams against my ribcage, threatening to vacate my chest entirely.  My arms hang uselessly at my sides. I've been afraid to show him what I have in mind, for fear of pushing him away.  The past fifteen days have been—without question—the best of my life. John and I are more in sync than we’ve ever been—likely because we’re together nearly constantly now.  We’ve been rather focused on the work as of late, running around London together and then coming home and huddling on the couch, leaning on one another and solemnly rehashing the case.  Or falling into bed, exhausted and still fully clothed, drifting into sleep side by side. We’re a team again. We’ve found our balance once more. And now that I’ve grown comfortable with this new tactile facet of our relationship, I want more.
Sherlock breathes slowly through his nose, wills his heart to calm, attempts to quiet his mind a bit—to tamp down the swell of anxiety and let instinct float to the forefront.  This is fine.  This is good.  This is comfortable, even, if he’d just let it be.  It’s what he wants—has wanted—for ages.  It’s the closeness he’s craved, and it was John who’d initiated it, even if he is now quite asleep.
He says nothing, but stands up straight, follows her to her sorry excuse for a car and gets in.  The drive is blessedly short—ten minutes of uncomfortable quiet, weaving through the nearly empty streets—and once they reach Harry’s flat he walks straight to the sofa and sinks right in.  As she sets the kettle to boil, rummaging through cupboards for some non-caffeinated tea, Harry resolves to make him speak.  She’s been a shit sister these past months—caught up in her own dramas and spending her days at the café trying to make enough bloody money to afford this pitiful flat.  She texts him every now and then, but she’s been stubbornly telling herself that he’s
“Well that was about the last thing I expected to happen today,” John has been watching me carefully, taking in every word.  “Any guesses on who the hell was in my bedroom?” It’s not your bedroom anymore, John. I let it slide.
“Another one?”  John asks, yawning as he shuffles into the kitchen—wet hair and fresh clothes.  God, he’s lovely in his California attire. Tight t-shirts and fitted jeans. If I weren’t in such a strop, I could properly appreciate it.  He squeezes my arm, then flings open the refrigerator, rummaging for something resembling breakfast. “Inviting you to his flat again?” His tone is casual—a bit
“I’d like to stay,”  I say, watching as he raises his eyebrows slightly.  “If it’s all right with you,” If he wants to go home, I won’t argue.  As desperate as I am to get back to some semblance of normalcy, I won’t force it.  He nods, holding my gaze.
John turns them sideways, a bit out of the torrential downpour, and reaches for Sherlock’s posh shampoo, figuring they may as well actually bathe while they’re here.  Sherlock smirks, leaning forward slightly so that John can comb slick fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp and laughing quietly as he melts beneath his ministrations.
He’d envisioned a small affair—quick, simple statements of devotion shared between them.  Papers signed.  Perhaps their immediate families present.  He’d envisioned it that way because he’d assumed that’s what Sherlock would want.  No fuss, no over-the-top nonsense—none of the sort of thing that Sherlock has always considered quite beneath him.  But apparently—
A wide grin, now.  “You broke your bloody promise, too,”  He runs the pads of his fingers over my shoulder, down my back.
“A-ha?” John mutters into Sherlock’s shirt, surprising himself—he hadn’t intended to speak, to break the spell.
I watch him rise out of the well of thought he was submerged in.  He turns his head toward me against the cushion. I mirror him, our faces close.  “Everything that’s happened—all of this,” I wave my hand vaguely toward the laptop. “We can talk about it, if you like.  You know that, I think. But I fear that you’re afraid it’ll hurt me, to hear about her. To hear that her death has been difficult for you.”
“Not sure what you mean,”  Henry mutters, slumped in his seat across the table, clearly not believing his own words.
I had also taken a moment earlier to ask John if he was all right with it.  In all of my anger and blame yesterday, I had failed to see that he wasn’t really given a choice in the matter.  He may have made a mistake when put on the spot, but it isn’t as if he chose this.
casual.  It’s been clear that this bothers him, but he seems hesitant to say so.  It must be odd, having known me for so many years and never once witnessing this sort of attention thrown in my direction—unless you count
,”  Molly insists, watching him closely.  Too closely.  John swallows.  “And he does want it.  You.  Your affection.  You idiot,”  Her words have no bite, a small smile on her lips.  John swallows again, his throat gone dry and his tongue devoid of words.  He unlocks his phone, glances down, searching for a distraction—an escape from this deluge of emotional upheaval, but all he finds is a text from Sherlock.
on Sherlock—”  John nods, head dropping slightly.  Mycroft sighs. “Stay together, whatever you do.  There is—someone—” A pause. He glances at me, before returning his eyes to John.  “A possible source of information. I’ll look into it and be in touch,” Another nod from John.  What is this, then? It’s like they’re having an entirely separate conversation— a secret language that I’m not privy to.  He’s given me
“I shouldn’t have given it to him,”  She whispers.  Her expression is earnest, concerned.  “I think I’ve made a mistake.”
“I’m sorry—I wanted to say—sorry—”  He’s a bit out of breath. “For him.  He’s such an asshole,” He takes a moment to breathe, looking between the two of us.  “Is there any way—I know you don’t really know me—but is there any way I can crash on your couch?”  John and I exchange a confused look. “I live with him,” He shakes his head. “Biggest mistake I ever made.  I can’t stay there tonight.”
Sherlock whips his set of keys from his pocket, several new ones now present on the simple ring he carries with him.  When the gate swings open, John and Rosie follow him through.  There’s a short pathway made of the same red brick as the drive, and trees towering over them on all sides, covering the entire space in cool shade.  Directly ahead is a cottage—
After a long moment of calm, I hear a small huff of laughter to my left.  I glance over in time to watch a giggle bubble up in his chest and tumble out of his mouth.  I raise my eyebrows, thoroughly amused, as another burst breaks through the confines of his lips, skittering out over the open water, vibrating through my chest and settling deep into my heart.  Oh, John. Finding only humour in a moment that calls for solemnity. We lock eyes, his are shining. Bright and brilliant, they reflect the setting sun. Watching him now, trying in vain to control his sudden burst of glee—I feel a wide smile creep across my own face.  I have come to cherish these ridiculous moments.
“Let’s assume that’s true, then—that Mycroft isn’t full of it.  Why did he tell you now?”  John shifts, looking more than a bit uncomfortable.
“What have you two got on then?  Another case?  Already?”  John has stepped out into the living room to make the call, knowing full well that if he doesn’t Sherlock will hijack the conversation to ask about recent deaths and infected body parts—as he so often does when it’s Molly on the line.
“We’ve also decided to be together, in case you were wondering,”  John chimes in with a bit of a smug grin. Mycroft tries to hide his smile beneath another eyeroll, but it isn’t quite successful.  I know that he’s glad for us. He’s grown to care for John, in his own way—and he’s always wanted the best for me.
“Baker Street is yours, Sherlock.  I’m more than happy to help with whatever you decide to do—and really I can’t think of a better way to use the space—but you don’t need my permission to move forward,”  Sherlock scowls, and John finds himself lifting his brow in confusion.
“No.  I couldn’t have either.”  Couldn’t have imagined you’d want to know this side of me, John.  No one had ever tried, before you.
Sherlock’s body had decreased in mass while away, and despite the frustration that accompanies John’s gentle nagging, even Sherlock can admit that his current weight is a bit worrisome.  He’d endured many things, but the most damaging—and imagine his surprise at the realization—had been the loneliness, the complete desolation he’d experienced once he’d torn himself away from this life for two miserable years.
“Yes,” Sherlock nods slowly.  “I don’t know how these things generally progress, and I’m unaware of my preferences—but I expect that we’ll figure all that out,” John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s fingers, beyond relieved to have all this out in the open.
“I know,” Sherlock whispers simply, but John can hear the underlying uncertainty, the very real fear of destroying everything they have with one misguided step.  He recognizes it because he feels it too.
“No, just—I shouldn’t have agreed to come.  I was in no state to be any sort of proper guest.  I’d—”  He pauses, takes another drink.  “I’d been to Baker Street.  The day before.  To see Mrs. Hudson,”
“Might do, yeah.  Problem?”  He squeezes Sherlock’s fingers tightly, then lets them go, hand falling to his side.  “It’s perfect, Sherlock.  God, it’s ridiculously, impossibly perfect,”  He shakes his head in a futile attempt to hide the foolish smile that’s stretched across his face.  “What do you think, kid?”  He turns to Rosie, who’s kneeling on the sofa, arms folded over the back, watching them intently.
“Impressive,”  He says, whistling quietly.  Ben turns to face us, leaning back against the worktop containing his vast array of supplies.
He punches my arm, lightly.  “Prat,” Something shifts in his eyes, then.  “Can’t remember the last time I picked up anything like that, actually.  Haven’t been much for detective stories the past two years, as it turns out.”  Oh.
“An artist lived here,”  He says, absent-mindedly tracing the outline of a fluttering wing.  “She used these rooms as her studio.  This one is my favourite,”  John knows of Sherlock’s love of bees.  Perhaps someday they’ll have real ones, once Rosie is grown.  The reality of that thought hits John like a tidal wave—that could actually
and to holler his eagerness and earnestness and the sweeping warmth he feels at this very moment and the immense, overwhelming sense of possibility and
“No,” Sherlock says this so quickly, so vehemently that he surprises himself with the ferocity of his response.  John looks at him, waiting.  “No,”  He repeats.  “It was only pride, John.  Stubbornness and pride.  I hadn’t a clue what I was doing, hadn’t the faintest idea if I’d chosen correctly.  I still don’t,”  They’d done tests.  One harmless, one deadly.  Lestrade had offered to inform him which pill held his fingerprints—but he had realized then, after grasping the rare gift he’d just been given in the form of John Watson, that he no longer wanted to know.  “I didn’t especially care, at the time.”
“Did you not consider,”  I begin, fighting to keep my voice even.  “Even for a second—questioning these requests?  Do you just blindly obey this idiot’s every whim?”  He shoots me an incredulous look, his entire demeanor immediately becoming defensive.
The last thought John has as he slips softly into sleep, is that he will do anything—anything at all—to keep this.
Movements a bit stilted, a bit unsure, John can’t help but push his hips upward to meet each of Sherlock’s tentative, exploratory rolls—and the moment he finds the angle he’s been looking for, John knows.  He watches as sharp, nearly black eyes fly open, meeting his own from just inches away and boring straight down to the heart of him.  Sherlock halts for a fleeting moment, leaning in to kiss the last coherent thoughts from John’s mind, then simply pants against his lips as he begins to move in earnest.
Not much, as it turns out.  Apparently Hal moved to town about two and a half years ago, irking everyone almost immediately with his inflated sense of entitlement and inability to shut up.  He seems to spend his days up in Monte Rio and his nights at the Rainbow, getting sozzled on whiskey. Hugo confirmed that he’s mentioned he’s a chemist—our biggest lead thus far.  He’d also commented on the fact that Henry is not the first
Greg thinks, watching as John processes the rest of this monologue he seems to have come ready to perform.  “I shouldn’t have gone there—I’ve been—doing better.  Getting better at distracting myself.  Not thinking about it—him,”  He swallows, glances at Greg, then back down into his beer.  “Sherlock.  But I’d gone up to the flat—just to see.  That was a mistake.  So—I’m sorry.”
He traces the shell of an ear with the tip of his nose.  “—get the hell out of here?”  John snorts, well aware that Sherlock is only present at this party because he’d demanded it.  Feeling nearly giddy, and more than a bit unsteady, he steps back, taking Sherlock’s hand and all but dragging him through the horde and out the door, snatching their coats from the rack on the way.
“Yes, she’ll come straight in here,”  John feels his brow furrow, unsure what Sherlock is getting at.  “She’ll see us...”
“I’m glad you brought me here,”  John says softly, as though he hasn’t just tilted Sherlock’s entire world on its previously unalterable axis.  John’s palm slides up to his ribcage, then back down to rest against his hip.  The length of his arm is a warm presence against the small of his back.  Sherlock breathes.  John continues.  “I want to try harder with you, Sherlock.  I’m not sure why it’s taken me so long to acknowledge that.”
It’s nearing three o’clock when John grabs my arm and begins to tug me away from the hordes, toward the mostly-dormant gardens that lie on the edge of the village.  He leads the way along winding footpaths, through the barren plant beds, heading straight for a small white shed peeking out near the forest beyond.
I smile.  “There was never any hope for Mycroft.  And I made the mistake of idolizing him in my youth,”  I pause. I’m meant to be reassuring him. “They’ll love you.  They’ve never known me to care for anyone, and they’ve long been aware of the place you hold in my life.”
“All right?”  John mutters from somewhere above Sherlock’s right ear.  He only grumbles in response, turning away from glaring at Anderson to press his forehead more firmly into John’s (warm, safe) chest.  He’s currently hunched over in the booth they’ve been sharing for the duration of this insufferable gathering John has dragged him to (someone’s birthday?—something like that) and he realizes belatedly that one hand is clutching at John’s thigh and the other has wound its way around to grasp at the small of his back.  He must look like a pathetic, clinging child.  He
He wonders now why they’ve never had a proper conversation about Sherlock’s role in her life.  It was his suggestion that the two of them return to Baker Street—he had to have known they were struggling—John always assumed that was why he’d asked.  Sherlock had stepped into a parental role immediately, seemingly happy to do so.  And—shocking absolutely everyone—he was a natural.
“No?  Had you two split, then?  I hadn’t heard,” Lestrade says distractedly, glancing around as Donovan strides toward us.
She breathes, grasping his shoulders.  “You’re serious?”  He rolls his eyes, nods once more.  “Oh my god,”  Her eyes dart to the window, where Sherlock and Rosie are doing a spectacularly bad job of spying—crouched beneath the sill, their contrasting sets of curls each perfectly visible in the light of day.  Molly bursts into laughter, throwing her arms around John’s neck and laughing some more.  “Oh my god,”  She says, again.
John had said with a smile, in an attempt to ease my mind.  I hadn’t even considered such a thing. But he is correct. And anyway, we really don’t need to convince anyone that we’re together.  Hal is the one who essentially decided for us, when he forced John to acknowledge something that isn’t true, and then promptly announced it to all of the other players in this game.  So we’ll play along—but nothing really needs to change.
“Hi,”  She says, grinning at the sight of them and wasting no time climbing up onto the bed, crawling over John’s legs and curling up in the middle.  John rolls onto his side and brushes his fingers through her blonde ringlets, smiling as she reaches for Sherlock’s hand.  She waits for him to stop playing with her hair and then grabs onto his hand, too.
it reads.  He knows that we won’t truly feel safe as long as we remain unarmed.  This weapon was once like an extension of John’s body. It had served him well in the army, and he had refused to part with it after—laws be damned.  It saved my life on our very first evening together, and has kept us safe many times since. Still, he will no doubt insist on spending time at a firing range before we jump back into a life of action.  John is nothing if not responsible. Always was. One of us had to be.
When she’s certain he’s asleep, Harry returns to the kitchen, yanking open drawers and tossing stacks of papers and random trinkets onto the worktop until she finds what she’s looking for.  The business card is unassuming—thick white paper with simple, navy blue text and a tidy, handwritten
“A piece of you,”  I correct. “Proof of our time together,”  He looks down at me, where I still kneel on the floor, his eyes now shining—his mind clearly racing.  And then:
.  Eventually, I turn to him.  Curl around him, press my face into his neck.  He holds me while the tides of guilt and grief wash through me, and flood out by way of my tears.
"Tell me," he whispers.  Hands sliding down to grasp mine.  Laces our fingers together, tentatively.  I squeeze. I tell him.
in the mood.  There’s only one man that I’m interested in chatting with, and I’ve just left him behind for no good reason—treated him poorly all day, really.  It seems I’m unable to tolerate any level of affection from him, now that I know for certain that it will never match my own.
.  Want to tell him every moment of this day has been stored safely away in my mind palace to be replayed regularly for the rest of my life.  I want to say
“John.  Have a seat,”  He gestures unnecessarily at the chairs facing his desk.  John ignores him, glaring intently, expression expectant.  Greg sighs.  “Did I know
“Fuck,”  John mutters, tossing the manila folder aside and reaching for a tissue.  He pauses, staring at the fresh papercut and the tiny drop of blood beading up on the pad of his middle finger.  He’s instantly accosted by a heady rush of images, flickering through his mind: an unrelenting slide projector of traitorous memories.  Sherlock, leaning against a filthy skip behind some petrol station, glaring impatiently—John having finally caught up with him, cornering him into submission.  A clean cut, straight across the palm of his hand where he’d grabbed for the knife.  Fairly shallow, thank god, but enough blood that it needs to be fucking dealt with—not ignored in order to chase down a bloody
In front of the bath, stretching toward the shower, is a carpet unlike anything John has ever seen.  Its thick pile is ivory, but woven into the simple backdrop is a flurry of symbols and colours with no apparent rhyme or reason.  The design is almost tribal—lopsided diamonds in varying sizes, odd zig-zags and slashes in clashing colours—browns and reds and pinks.  Throughout the rug are tufts of that familiar royal blue, making it look perfectly at home beside the clear centerpiece of the room.
“Yes, yes,” I wave my hand, the one that isn’t holding a phone to my ear, in exasperation.  “I need more data, Mycroft. Find out whatever you can about her actual identity and send me the file.”  I hang up with as much of a dramatic flourish as one can muster on a touch-screen. So far we’ve learned a disconcerting amount about the woman who called herself Mary Morstan.  Enough to have John questioning everything he thought he knew.
“I was thinking we could host a gathering,” I blurt out.  We haven’t talked about this once. Unsure what force has compelled me to mention the idea now.  John may be absolutely dying to go spend Christmas at my parents’, for all I know.
—He won’t respond, he doesn’t need to.  He knows what I mean—what this means for us.  He’s entrusting John with my wellbeing, now. Always has, to some extent.
They stare at each other, only breaking their shared gaze when Angelo swoops in with three plates—John’s favourite, Sherlock’s and Rosie’s—and the two of them devour the whole of it, followed by indecently delicious panna cotta which John demands to be added to the menu in addition to the cake that they’ll still need to figure out.
As I move closer to the closet, the floor creaks--ever so slightly--beneath my weight.  I slowly open the door to reveal--more carpet. Bingo.
Despite his front row view of John and I possessively clinging to one another at the bar Monday night, he’d decided to begin a text message campaign for my attention the very next day.  The messages started on Tuesday evening and have yet to relent, forty hours later—and I haven’t responded even once.
Spilling tenderness like blood across his writhing flesh, I lean down, thrusting wildly and bring my mouth to his neck.  I suck a bruise, scrape my teeth against soft skin. Tongue tracing a path like a noose across his throat, arm snaking around and down--
managed to love.  And so I say nothing.  My light sobs continue, along with the deluge of tears that I can’t seem to quell.  I bring my hands up to grasp his, arms crossed in front of me to twine our fingers together where they rest on my sides.  He responds by hitching a denim-clad leg over my hip, pulling me in even closer, and bringing his lips to my ear. “I’m sorry it took me so long to get here,”  His voice is light, barely a whisper. I tighten my grip on his fingers. Perhaps this is what I’ve been waiting to hear. “I don’t know what I’ll be able to give you—if it’ll ever be enough—but we can have this.  I know that I want this,” I want this too. What is it that he thinks he can’t give me? Sex? I don’t need it. I’m essentially indifferent—not opposed, nor convinced that it’s necessary for a functional relationship.  Love? Perhaps he’s afraid he can never match what I feel for him. He likely can’t. He’s the only man I’ve ever cared for—I don’t expect him to have that same kind of devotion. It isn’t normal or healthy, and it’s something I had to accept long ago.  I let go of his hands and turn toward him. He loosens his grip to allow me to shift within the circle of his arms. Our faces now centimeters apart, I can see that his emotions are as close to the surface as my own. Perhaps this experience has been cathartic for him as well.
Overwhelmed with arousal, mind spinning wildly trying to accept that this is John.  My John. Holding me down and using my body. Taking his pleasure, unconcerned with my own.  I am so turned on by this salacious thought that I come instantly--
He throws his hands up weakly and lets them drop at his sides, whirling around to face John as he closes the front door behind them.  He’d gone with Molly to meet Greg out front, and now he’s quite glad he did.  He can’t help but feel that Lestrade’s first reaction to their slightly odd new home is much more satisfying than Molly’s controlled enthusiasm.  “Christ, those windows look like something out of Neverland.  Where the hell am I?” John just shakes his head, laughing quietly.
“Wow,”  She says simply, eyebrows creeping upward, grin still stubbornly trying to fight its way through.  “Well then,”  She slaps her hand down on the table and leans back precariously in her chair.  John rolls his eyes.  “What’re you going to do about it?”
“Dr. Watson,”  he says firmly, in his most commanding tone.  John shifts immediately, first looking over his shoulder and then sitting up abruptly and swinging his feet around to the floor.  He looks Mycroft up and down and then exhales, sinking back into the relatively new, practical green sofa where he sits.
“It isn’t at all what I was expecting,”  He says finally, glancing at John, then dropping his gaze back to the hand on his thigh, fingers still gently drifting over skin.  “I’d thought—I’d
“She’s all right.  A bit bored, I think.  Wanted to talk about him.  About Sherlock.  So we did.  It was—fine,”  Greg hasn’t heard John say Sherlock’s name aloud since before his death.  Perhaps he has made some progress after all.  He takes a moment to consider his next words.
Sighing, John allows himself to get lost in the illusion of what could have been.  He doesn’t know what he’s holding out for, really.  All he really knows anymore is that somewhere deep within him—in that untapped cluster of senses that they’d all referred to as
—a laughable claim, considering he’d loved the man from the start.  How must that have felt, what damage has it done?  What lasting effects has the sum of John’s actions had on the most profound relationship of his entire bloody life?
“I’ll show you tomorrow.  I’m hanging up now, John, because I know you never will, and you really ought to sleep,”  And he does.  Click.  Just like that.
“Oh, John,”  Sherlock is quiet.  Very quiet.  He hasn’t looked up from the paperwork, but it seems he’s got the gist of it.  John clears his throat, tries to reign in his emotions yet again.
But when he sees Sherlock in action as the extraordinary parent and unwaveringly dependable friend that he has become, he could weep with gratitude over being allowed to keep him in his life.  For whatever unfathomable reason, Sherlock had decided that John was worth the trouble of growing up, evolving together and working through their shared demons.  And for that, John regularly counts his lucky stars.
“No,”  He says, standing frozen in place as Sherlock approaches, not missing the fact that he's already quite hard.  “Definitely not,”  Long fingers tug at his waistline and he rolls his eyes, stepping out of his own rather filthy pants and letting himself be maneuvered into the shower.
uninvited as well.  He snaps his fingers at a stony-faced Adam, who sets a fresh drink down in front of him.  Whiskey, by the smell of his breath as he spits an endless stream of words at us. He does love to hear himself speak.
“Don’t be a twat, John, I’ll stay in the spare room,”  She raises an eyebrow knowingly and John swallows, wondering if that could possibly be true—if one of their beds is about to become obsolete—or if that’s just more wishful bloody thinking.  “Say hello to your man for me.  I’ll make a bit of an effort to tolerate him next time.”
“You could do it yourself, then,”  They’ve been through this twice already.  She’s been trying to pack all bloody afternoon, stumbling around throwing clothing into a heap on the bed, all the while shouting about the injustice of it all.
Warmth floods through my spent body at the thought of referring to him as my husband.  Mine. Forever. I turn my head and press my lips to his neck. Kiss his salty flesh. He moans quietly beneath my tongue.  Scrape the skin with my teeth, lightly suck a bruise. Mark him as my own. Soon I will do so with a ring.
bloody brain, unbidden, swamping his suddenly alert senses with every ounce of the data that he should have been well aware of by now.
“Who’re you texting?”  John jumps, glancing up at his wreck of a sister where she sits in a wobbly wooden chair, sprained and swollen ankle propped up on its neighbor.  She’s scowling at him outright, not bothering to hide her displeasure at his presence.
“We should go,”  He startles at John’s words, whispered against the shell of his ear, and lifts his head carefully to glare at him.  John is smiling dopily—Sherlock had nearly forgotten that he’s rather pissed as well—and the pub that had been bustling only moments ago is now nearly empty.  “You drifted off for a bit there.  Pub is closing.  Time to go.”
I raise an eyebrow.  “Indeed,” Unfold the letter.  It’s written on a page torn from a yellow legal pad, and the handwriting is a miniscule messy scrawl.  Stella was correct to guess that a man wrote this--and though it isn’t dated, I’d estimate the age-worn paper is from the mid-eighties.  And I’m rarely wrong.
“What then?”  He has something on his mind.  He’s seemed odd for weeks now. Oddly kind, oddly indulgent, oddly present.  Maybe he’s met someone?  Would that be so difficult to say aloud? For him, perhaps.  Is it something else?  Something--whatever this is, he's stalling.  "Mycroft.  Will you just--"
They’d reached out last month on the anniversary of Sherlock’s fall and were ignored entirely, a week later receiving a vague apology and a claim that he’s been busy with work.  They’d sent him an invitation to the housewarmingslashholiday party that they’re throwing on Christmas Day and didn’t hear back at all.
“Ta, but no,”  John says amiably, gracing her with a small, genuine smile.  “But could we get a sixer of the stout to go?”
“Irene Adler,”  I say bluntly, watching him for signs of recognition.  He knows her, that much is clear. I watch both of his perfectly plucked eyebrows creep up his forehead.  “Friend of yours?”
“Why?  What are you afraid of, exactly?” I let out a long breath, staring down at him.  At this man that I’ve loved for so long. Are my fears really relevant, with him?  They might be. I really don’t know what I’m doing. There’s always a risk. But he loves me, too.  Emboldened by this thought, I take a deep breath, and decide on honesty.
“Could be dangerous,” I reply, an eyebrow raised as I watch a memory from years gone by flicker over John’s face.
Perched atop the blue wooden desk, we eat.  Boxes spread out between us, cross-legged and ravenous.  John grins at me over a spoonful of red curry. Things feel lighter, now—the gravity of a moment ago evaporated into the ether.  How does he do that? How do you know just what I need, John? How do you so easily free me from the shackles of my mind? I return the smile.
Heads up that a (minor?  medium?) character death is sort of nonchalantly mentioned in this chapter.  It's something that happened awhile back in this timeline and is relevant to the plot.  Will be explored a bit more in future chapters.
“It’s a beautiful letter,”  John says, voice hushed, breaking the delicate silence that had fallen over them.  “I miss her,”  He lets his hand linger on the slight curve of Sherlock’s waist, keeping a point of contact as he considers his next words.  “I’ve been a fool,”  He breathes.  “I’ve given you countless reasons to doubt my sincerity.”
They tend to take fewer cases these days.  John stopped accepting shifts at the clinic last year in order to spend more time with Rosie and to be more available for Sherlock.  He was growing rather weary of the white walls and antiseptic scent that he could never seem to shake, anyway.  So when it had finally occurred to him that he spent every minute of every day wishing he were with them, he put in his notice immediately.
If you've got any positivity to spare plz drop some in a comment.  Same goes for any other WIPs you happen to be reading right now.  It's so motivational to hear from y'all, and we could all use a little m o t i v a t i o n.  xo
“Not always,”  Another whisper.  John thinks of all the times he gave Sherlock precisely the opposite of what he’d needed.  He thinks of harsh words and thrown fists.  Abandonment and blame.
My eyes fly open abruptly as John climbs on top of me—his favourite way to wake me when he’s excited about something—or when he wants to get laid.  I squint up at him, the morning light accosting my eyes. He’s beaming down at me, straddling my hips, hands firmly planted on my chest.
“We haven’t though, have we?”  John cuts in, unwilling to dance around the subject any longer.  “We haven’t.  There’s a whole level to this that we’ve been avoiding for ages.  I
“Had to get out of there,”  John breathes, the moment we walk out into the cool night air.  “Didn’t think he’d ever shut up,” We share a smile and head for the car hand in hand.  Climb in silently and pull away from the kerb. “The way he was looking at you—” He’s scowling at the road ahead.  Was he looking at me a certain way? I hardly spared him a glance. Had other things on my mind. “Anyway, at least he doesn’t seem to suspect anything.”
I push him back, climb on top of him, watching as his eyes go dark.  He likes this—being dominated. I’m surprised. Delighted. I let my fingers drift over his chest, thumbs circling his nipples, feeling them peak beneath my relentless touch.  He stares up at me, panting quietly, a startled moan escaping as I run my palm over his (leaking) cock.
He’s still staring down at Sherlock’s horrible attempt at humour.  He feels his shoulders begin to shake and he’s honestly not sure if he’s laughing or sobbing but right now either or both would be just fine.
he doesn’t say—quite frankly, he’s terrified that he’ll overwhelm him with everything that a relationship generally entails.
woman he’s fallen hopelessly in love with over the last year.  She looks up at him a bit guiltily, then slumps against the wall.
by one of my favorites that I've been listening to a lot lately in these weirdass times.  Click the link, I promise it'll make your heart soar.
Sherlock carefully disentangles their fingers, letting go and standing quietly at John’s side.  John immediately and irrationally feels as though he’s just lost something precious—like they’ve just unceremoniously broken the link he’d been longing for, for longer than he can recall.  He knows rationally that he can’t cling to Sherlock indefinitely.  Even if this is something that they
“Mm,” I’m only beginning to claw my way back to reality.  I feel like a tightly wound spool that’s been snapped and unfurled--a pile of thread, lying loose and limber.
He helps clear the rest of the table, binning their beer bottles and then settling beside her to dry the dishes she’s placed on the rack.  Once they’re done, she turns to him and sighs.
“Yes,”  John says, clearing his throat and forcing his mind back to the present.  The door opens a bit and the new nurse—name instantly forgotten—pokes her head in.
Instead, they’d immediately begun taking cases and running around London side by side.  They’d relearned, eventually, how to laugh together without falling into painful silence.  They’d ordered greasy takeaway and sat on the sofa watching nonsense well into the night, just so that they could remain close.  And after sixteen days of this, John had shown up early one afternoon, bag in hand, and asked to stay.
, leaving John and I in the sitting room, silently staring at one another.   I lead him quietly upstairs to our room, we brush our teeth and climb into bed.  John crawls up my body, lies right on top of me, chin resting on my sternum. He links our hands together and peers up into my eyes.  “They’re completely lovely,” He says. “All of this--I’m so glad we came.”
And obviously, so am I.  “But I remember that time, Sherlock,”  I’m sure that he does. I had shut him out entirely, for
Around eight, Lestrade walks Mrs. Hudson down to her flat on his way out.  They thank us for a lovely time, and we hug them tightly when they go. Harry lingers.  She’s retrieved the small wrapped package she’d brought with her from where I’d set it on the mantle.  She hands it to John. “Go on, then.”
I’d been wondering that myself.  Haven’t brought it up for obvious reasons, but I do feel quite compelled to have a look at whatever building the sniper was set up in, as well as David Evans’ flat.  Would like to search Mary’s flat as well, but I can’t imagine John would be thrilled with the idea. It’s all a bit too close to home. If I’m going to keep John safe, I need data.  Need to find out who did this and if they’ll be looking for him next. “Do you want me to?”
Once we reach Main Street, we decide to first locate the bar so that we know where we’re going tomorrow evening.  It’s easy enough to spot, tucked amongst the shops and restaurants that line the street—dark wooden siding with a large, neon rainbow on full display.  We pull off to the side of the street and park.
