The only other person there at the moment was a ripped guy with flowing blonde hair. He looked like a football player, and Tony was embarrassed to admit that he was more than a little bit scared.
“You made a friend? Tony that’s great!”
“Wait I’ve got an even better one” Rhodey exclaimed before pulling another picture out of his wallet. Tony was probably about fourteen in the photo. His hair was sticking up in all directions from grease and the safety goggles that he been pushed onto his forehead. His face was covered in soot, and his expression was a perfect mix of shocked and fear. Tony knew that the fear came from the fact that Dummy was off camera holding a fire extinguisher at him. His baby bot loved that stupid fire extinguisher.
. And she’d tried
(See the end of the chapter for
hard not to. She’d tried so
“Tomorrow,” Charles repeats softly, gently, and hangs up. Toni puts her head between her knees and
She’s sick of people hurting her and getting away with it because everybody has the moral high ground over the Merchant of Death. She’s sick of trying over and over again to drag herself off the ground and still getting ripped down by others.
Her exhaustion is bone-deep; seeping into her pores and leaving her drained. She can’t stop thinking about Steve.
Toni Stark is jolted into consciousness by a wave of pain washing over her. Blearily opening her eyes, she’s overtaken by panic because
“This is not the right time to be such a prideful idiot, Toni, get over here and hug me already.”
, and then when I thought it was over I woke up right the fuck back where I started!” Toni’s breathing hard by the time she finishes and the emotions roiling through her are unexpected. She takes a moment to compose herself before starting again. “There’s something coming, Chuck, something bad. I need your help—the world needs your help.”
that's right, your favorite mess of an author who doesn't know that calendars exist, apparently
What Toni needs is good press, now more than ever. The Toni Stark pre-Afghanistan was a woman that the public loved to hate and hated to love. If she wants her second chance, as it were, to succeed, she can’t afford to keep her current reputation. So Toni cowers diminutively behind Rhodey, cuts and bruises on full display, and lets the reporters come to their own conclusion about what happened in Afghanistan.
“I understand that you are under an extensive amount of stress right now. I will not take anything untoward you say to heart,” he tells her, showing more kindness than she deserves.
Tentatively, Toni takes her first steps inside her home in Malibu, unsure of how to proceed now that she’s alone. She’s considering her next move when suddenly—
“Miss? Do you require assistance?” Jarvis asks, sounding rather panicked.
“Wow, Pep, shedding tears for little old me? Your concern for me is making me feel all the tingly feelings,” Toni snarks at her, unable to help herself.
On her way back home from Afghanistan, Toni munches thoughtfully on a cheeseburger and ponders how to address the issue of Obie. She certainly can’t have a repeat of her first press conference; that had sent Obie scrambling into high alert and ended up with several near-death experiences. What she needs to do is to go back onto his ghost server and capture every shred of evidence she can against him and the rest of the traitors in her company.
Toni slowly blows out a breath and sighs. “Do you believe in time travel, doc?”
“There are some perks to being a telepath,” he says, a twinkle of amusement in his voice before assuming a more serious tone. “But you don’t call me unless there is a situation that requires it. Is there something wrong, Miss Stark?”
i haven't watched any x-men since logan came out so i'm very sorry if i didn't get charles' voice right!
guess who's back baybee
I'M BACK MOTHERFUCKERS i'm writing now because fuck school i'll do anything except my homework, apparently
“And what would you have me do?”
Charles, needs all the firepower he brings with him. She thinks about him rooting through her head, reliving everything she went through and she very nearly honest-to-god
This time, she knows exactly what she needs to know; has none of the fumbling and mistakes that she made the first time. The arc reactor is finished in record time and the armor is leaps and bounds better than the Mark I. It’s not her signature Iron Queen suit, of course, the materials she has are nowhere near capable of building such technological feats, but. It’s something.
He doesn’t say anything at first, the moment stretching out for an awful eternity. “And you’re sure of this threat?”
The line rings one, two, three times before someone picks up. “Good morning Toni,” Charles’ rich voice greets her.
, under any circumstances, get his greasy hands on her precious suit. She refuses to live through that again, refuses to let somebody rip her heart out from her chest again.
“Hey, my prideful idiocy is never misplaced,” Toni informs her, but obediently wraps her arms around Pepper for a hug that everyone joins, even the ever-stoic Happy.
Time passes in a haze of building, building, building. The arc reactor hurts like a
“Welcome home, Miss. I am gladdened to see your safe return,” a familiar British lilt washes over her. All of a sudden, Toni is hit by a sense of fierce desperation and promptly bursts into tears.
“Nah, you can handle yourself. And if you have a problem you can’t solve, then I’ll come help.”
“Ok. I’m gonna go.” Tony said. His voice was carefully regulated. He didn’t want to let Rhodey on to how much he was panicking. Unfortunately, it came out sounding emotionless which immediately tipped Rhodey off.
“S’not a big deal.” Tony mumbled. Rhodey rolled his eyes but didn’t comment. Considering his heart had been near shredded by shrapnel leaving his heart weak, it kind of was a big deal. Tony didn’t care what his brother thought. If his heart gave out than there would be nothing anyone could do for him. The doctor had basically told him as much when he got back from being kidnapped.
“Yeah? Do you have a problem with that?” Steve was leaning against the bike and smirking at him. Steve was teasing him! That was so not cool.
“Young sir. I’m afraid if we don’t depart soon; you will be late for your first day of school.” Jarvis said flashing Tony with a sympathetic expression. Tony rolled his eyes at the butler. Tony had graduated from MIT before he got abducted; it was ridiculous that he was being forced into hiding under the guise of being a senior in high school. His genius was the main reason he was being forced into his stupid nerd getup. Without a disguise, it was all too easy to recognize the boy as the famous Anthony Stark. Albeit, a roughed up, messed up, broken Anthony Stark. Maria and Jarvis had insisted that Tony go into hiding after the incident. Tony had fought hard, but in reality, he was kind of grateful to get away from the prying eyes of the media. He didn’t need his brokenness broadcasted across America. At the moment, the world thought Tony was studying at his father’s business in Japan. They knew he was kidnapped and then discovered, but that’s where their Intel ended. Even the police records of the incident were quickly deleted from the database. No one knew about the extent of everything. No one knew about the torture he went through. Everyone had asked; the media, Howard, Jarvis, Pepper and Rhodey. He hadn’t told any of them. Telling someone would make it real, he wouldn’t be able to compartmentalize and pretend he was fine if there was someone to call him out on it.
They spent the rest of the night cracking jokes, and Tony forgot about all of the shit weighing him down.
“I have a hard time talking to pretty dames.” Steve mumbled, but Tony heard and his face lit up with a bright red blush. Steve seemed entranced by Tony’s blush and ran his finger over his cheekbone, which only made him blush harder.
When they arrived, Tony unlocked the door and only prefaced with the words “it’s not very clean.”
“So, Tony, where do you live?” Thor asked.
Bruce could see that Tony was freaking out and quickly intervened, “I don’t think that’s a great idea.”
Tony adjusted his glasses and frowned at his reflection. He hadn’t liked looking in the mirror since the incident. His hair was too long and it curled around his ears. His face had barely visible scars that weren’t there before. His eyes looked older and it bothered him. Everything about him had been off since the day of his abduction. He didn’t feel like himself anymore. Everything he used to enjoy felt foreign and his fragile social relationships had withered away until he only had two friends left. He buttoned up his shirt and tugged at the collar. He looked worse than he normally did, and he felt like he was looking at a stranger in the mirror. His normal band shirt and ripped jeans were replaced with a button up, glasses, and pressed pants. He looked like an idiot. He couldn’t wear tee shirts in public anymore anyway with the gruesome scars that decorated his tan skin.
“Yeah Pep. Go have fun with tall dark and handsome.” Tony hung up and leaned his head against the trunk of the tree. He closed his eyes and tried to clear his head. He’s fine. He is safe. No one knows where he is or who he is. He’s never been safer than he was right then. Tony bit his lip and tried to think about anything but the heat of the desert and the loneliness that enveloped him when he finally managed to escape. Going through two near death experiences really sobered Tony’s outlook on life. He was seventeen and had already almost died twice because of his father’s effort in the weapons business.
“That’s probably because this was real, sunshine” Tony was beaming now.
“So, does that mean you’re leaving?” Steve asked looking heartbroken. Tony wanted to reassure him and tell him he’d drawn the wrong conclusion, but he still couldn’t figure out how to move his mouth.
When Tony gets a call from Rhodey about the progress of the investigation, Tony has to make a decision about whether or not to tell his friends. Their reaction may not be the one he was expecting.
“Complicated, but I’ll fill you in. Also, Dummy is here.”
Steve shifted his whole body, so he was facing Tony directly. He brought their joined hands to his chest, and Tony could feel Steve’s heartbeat racing. Was Steve… going to ask him out? What if he kissed him?
“No… no, I-I have something to tell you.” Tony could feel his heart pumping in his chest. His eyes flashed to Steve’s. Steve looked concerned but his eyes kept flicking up and down Tony’s body. He felt his face heat up. “I’m uh gender fluid. Sometimes I like to wear dresses and makeup and I’m uh girl sometimes… I use male pronouns all the time, but um I’m a girl right now. I know it’s weird but I’ve always been this way and…”
He had the painting hung up in his little apartment the minute he found the strength to exit Steve’s arms.
“Is his name really Agent or are you bullshitting me?”
Tony rolled his eyes but didn’t try to say anything else. Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, and glared at the rest of his friends to make sure they stayed quiet. Even Bucky was dutifully silent, realizing that Tony really needed to sleep. After only a few minutes of Steve playing with his hair, Tony fell asleep. His breathing deepened, and he nuzzled his cheek into Steve’s thigh. Steve sighed longingly. He really needed to talk to Tony soon.
Tony resolved to keep his hands to himself during the ride. That worked for the minute they were going slowly, but as soon as they hit the road, Tony’s arms wrapped around Steve’s waist in a death grip. Though Tony couldn’t hear anything over the sound of the wind, he could feel Steve laughing. He just wrapped his arms tighter in retaliation. The first thing Tony registered was that fact that Steve had really nice abs. He could feel them under his thin shirt, and wowie. To be fair, Tony thought every part of Steve was attractive but being this close to him was especially nice.
“Yes?” He asked.
“Yeah.” Tony didn’t look at Steve as he darted out of the diner.
“So, I made a friend and probably two enemies.”
“No.” Tony responded with a pout before thrusting his hand out to grab one of the helmets that Steve was holding. He secured it to his head without a second thought. This was a great idea.
“That is not a cat” Clint deadpanned before catching an elbow to the chest from Bucky.
“I was kidnapped in order to make weapons for a terrorist cell in Afghanistan. The problem is me and my family believe that it was orchestrated by an inside man whose attempt was to murder me. So, they stuck me here until they could figure out who was trying to kill me.” Tony wrapped his arms around himself. He knew he was shaking slightly. He hated talking about this.
He got on the tips of his toes and pulled the blonde in for a passionate kiss.
Tony made a strangled noise at the thought before using his free hand to run through Steve’s hair. He’d always wanted to touch it but never got the opportunity. It was even softer than he’d thought it’d be. It was thin but soft. Steve grinned at him. It was so boyish and innocent. Tony felt like he’d been punched in the stomach. He gripped the other boy’s neck for support. This was more than he could have ever imagined. Steve pressed their foreheads together.
“Just sleep please… I know you don’t sleep very well when I’m out on a mission.” Rhodey begged.
“Are you ready?” Steve asked with a smile.
“Rhodey! I told you not to call me I’m at a sleepover” Tony whined.
Howard always laughed at him for treating Dummy like a living creature. He called Tony weak and sentimental. Tony always thought that it was ironic that Howard’s drive for his career and nothing else was what weakened him. Tony was getting closer to true AI every day, and Howard couldn’t even dream about that. So, who was the real winner? Tony that’s who.
“Surely you’re joking?” Thor asked before looking around at the other inhabitants of the room. Tony looked like death, Natasha looked homicidal, and Bruce looked close to vomiting. The rest of the group just looked confused.
“Doyouwanngoonadatewithmesometimemaybe?” He mumbled into the fabric of Tony’s shirt.
The rest of the week passed in a blur. He felt elated that he had a group of friends, but every time he hung out with them he felt a pang of longing for Pepper and Rhodey. He hoped they would be able to visit soon. Rhodey was in the military now and Pepper was interning for a big company. Tony was confident she would get a management position within the end of the month. That’s just how Pepper was.
“Could you help me with this math problem?” Steve asked with a slight blush. The slight red cheeks made him look unbelievably cute. Tony felt his own cheeks heating up in response.
“I really like you Steve”
“I think you should consider telling them at your birthday. It’ll be a party with only them. You can wear one of your elegant dresses with that lipstick I know you love. Natasha is going to be there to support you and so will Pepper and I. I think that’s the best time, and I know you miss casually dressing up at home.” Rhodey prompted softly.
The elevator dings, making Tony look at it in surprise. Steve steps out with his sketchbook under his arm. He can't see them yet from the hallway. Shocked Tony glances back at Clint who hadn't needed that long to know who arrived.
He sighs. 'I know that he sees me only as a friend. Why should I destroy that?'
Either Steve doesn't see the warning signs or he chooses to ignore them. 'He was brainwashed, Tony. He didn't do it.' It sounds pleading. It makes Tony sick. 'It was Hydra. They killed your parents,' The words sting more than they have any right to, 'they created those soldiers who might run around right now and kill others. It's all on them, not on Bucky. He would have never-'
Tony raises a hand to shut him up. He can't take Steve's defense speech anymore. It's so typical of Steve to try to make Tony see sense even in a situation like this. 'But he did. He killed them. Don't even try to deny that.', he hisses, glaring at Steve. He is supposed to be on Tony's side. Not that there is much choice on which side anyone should be. Who would ever be on the side of a notorious mass murderer? Answer: Steven Grant Rogers, if just a part of him believed that an injustice had been done to said notorious mass murderer.
“You got a call from Rhodey” It was a statement, but it was clear that Steve wanted clarification.
“No. He’ll probably be here for a while longer until they’re completely sure the threat is neutralized.” Natasha answered.
“Ew. Gross. No.” Tony’s nose wrinkled in disgust. It wasn’t like Steve was the first person to assume that he and Rhodey were together. Tony spent most of their interactions in Rhodey’s lap, they gave each other physical affection like breathing, and they called each other the gooiest nicknames they could think of. Tony thought it was kind of sad that everyone always came to that conclusion. Tony had been starved of affection for most of his life, and Rhodey had been told that men weren’t supposed to be close with other men since he hit puberty. By all accounts, they shouldn’t have clicked together to have the relationship they did, but when all the outside factors were removed they were both touchy people. They could cuddle each other and be honest and know that the other boy would never judge them. It was a relationship that both of them desperately needed. Regardless of the truth, everyone always assumed that he and Rhodey were secretly dating no matter what the two said on the matter.
“Wow. That was so much better than I ever imagined.” Steve managed to say.
When they had their halftime, and Steve pulled his helmet off, Tony almost gasped at how gorgeous Steve looked. Seriously, no one was allowed to look that good while sweaty. His blonde hair was plastered to his forehead, and his face was red with exertion. The smile he shot at the stands was as devastating as ever. Tony was a goner. Rip, Tony Edward Stark because he died after being too attracted to his friend. After the game, they met up with their boys outside of the locker room. Steve enveloped Tony in a hug that made Tony both wrinkle his nose and light up bright red. He smelled like sweat, but Tony didn’t really care. His arms felt great around him.
“How dare you insult my baby? Engineering is the forefront of innovation. How dare you? The things I’ve invented alone would blow your mind!” Tony exclaimed.
“Yeah. I think I am”
“That’s cool.” Tony kept his voice even.
“What do your parents do?” Steve asked eager to get into the conversation. Tony knew what he was supposed to say. It didn’t even feel like a lie.
Tony was about 1000% sure he was not going to say hello to whoever Clint and Natasha were. His ability to schmooze socialites and the media unsurprisingly did not transfer over to kids his age. He decided his chances of being beat up would decrease if he just didn’t open his mouth. He really could not afford to get beaten up. He was positive that would result in a flashback which would be ridiculously hard to explain away by his usual bullshit.
“The army is asking me to go ‘consult’ with one Anthony Stark again, so I am going to get to see you next week.”
“That was your first time on a motorcycle. Steve is kind of a crazy driver. I just wanted to know how it went.” Bucky defended himself. Dammit that worked. Fuck Bucky’s ability to make his innuendo filled questions sound rational. Tony wasn’t insane. He was doing it on purpose!
“What? I’m just worried about you. It was your first time, right?” Bucky’s eyes were opened unnaturally wide, and Tony’s squinted in response.
“Just us” Steve responded instantly, “The friend group, I mean, not like just the two of us.”
The class passed by quickly due to the fact that everything the teacher was saying went in one ear and out the other. Tony was busy developing a new kind of phone that would allow him to project a holographic video chat in real time. It shouldn’t be too hard for him. He could probably finish it that night if he pulled an all-nighter. He wasn’t going to be able to sleep anyway so why not?
“Hey, are you new? I’m Coulson, Phil Coulson. I’m a junior.” Tony grinned a little at the James Bond reference. This Phil seemed like a cool enough guy. Maybe he could help him find his way to his first class. Tony despite his genius was not very good about navigating new places.
They didn’t see Tony all weekend presumably because he was spending time with his best friend before he deployed again. When they saw Tony at school, he was wearing a large dark hoodie.
They made their way to their parking lot when Tony spotted someone sitting on the hood of his car. They were dressed in a military uniform. No Way. His brother was such an asshole. It was not cool to surprise him like this.
Tony watched as Steve pulled on leather jacket. Tony thought that Steve couldn’t get any hotter than he was, but he was wrong. In a leather jacket, aviators, and a helmet, Steve was stunning. Then Steve was straddling the bike, and Tony’s brain whited out. Steve had really nice thighs. He blinked once and then twice. He registered that Steve was waiting for him to climb on the bike, but he couldn’t get his brain to work. After a couple of seconds, he stumbled over to the motorcycle and mounted it. He saw Steve’s smug expression but didn’t comment on it.
Tony agreed without a second thought. Damn, Steve. At least the two of them were alone. If Bucky was there he would have died laughing. Tony had absolutely no resolve to resist Steve when he broke out the big eyes and the please. Damn, him.
“I’ve liked you for a really long time, god Steve. Please can we… can we kiss again.”
Tony bit his lip as he grabbed his bag and climbed out of the car. He had been briefed about what high school was like from Rhodey. Apparently, it sucked. And Rhodey was a jock and popular! He assured Tony that life as a nerd would be much worse. High school was the one aspect of childhood that he wasn’t bitter about missing.
“My best friend is in the army; he’s coming to see me next week.” Tony said awkwardly. He scratched the back of his head. He wasn’t quite sure what to do. He’d only ever had two friends before, and they were friends with each other. What was the protocol for this?
'So you still love him? You seem to be mad at him.' James tilts his head at him.
'Yes, it is. Invite him out. Then at least you know what the matter is.' Clint steps closer. 'I hate to see you suffering like this.'
Tony stops the car next to their shadow. Barnes freezes and doesn't look his way but he doesn't run either so he'll take that as a good sign. At least he had stopped, so he probably recognized the car without directly looking their way. He winds down the car window.
'What happened between you and Papa?', James asks suddenly, startling Tony. Of course he had noticed the tension in the house, had noticed it right from the beginning. It's a surprise it comes so late. 'For some days you have been, well, weird.', he tries to explain, pulling his blanket further up.
Tony can't keep his smile inside, a grin threatens to overtake his face at all times. James eyes them strangely, Maria merely munches happily on her breakfast, glad that everything in her universe seems to be in order again. A few months later their fight would be almost forgotten if it wouldn't be for a small detail.
'And could you please try to be nice?', Steve asks, already knowing the answer. Tony had for once actually agreed to stand up before lunch and go eat in the cafeteria of Steve's college with him. They are on their way to the cafeteria of Steve's campus. While Tony had graduated a year before he met Steve who had at that time just started his first year, the blond still has to study to earn his degree. Not everyone can be a genius and graduate with 17 after all.
'Alright.' Steve smiles then at him and it's like the sun is rising. 'We were in the forest, going after Romanov. Thought she might be hiding there. We weren't quite agreeing on the direction so we just walked for a while. Then the com system shut down and I couldn't get a connection to you guys anymore. I'll admit I was worried. Even Jarvis couldn't find a signal anymore. It was like we just dropped over the rim of the world. Barnes didn't like it as well. We could have just went back and reported this. It could have been a natural phenomenon, it could be human made. We didn't trust it and decided to investigate. None of Jay's sensors worked properly, I had to activate manual controls.' Tony groans and hides his hand in his face. 'We should have called you in, we should have never went alone.'
'Damn you.', he says out loud, scowling at Clint now openly. The blond doesn't really leave him any choice.
'He is deaf, holding his hand won't change that.', Tony states so icily that Steve almost flinches. There is a hard edge to his voice when he turns back to his work, picking up the welder once more, sliding the goggles back in place. 'That's just not my style.'
He's down in Tony's lab as he usually is this time of the day. Tony just puts the finishing touches to the latest gadget for SI. He rubs his grease stained hands on a cloth that's almost as dirty as they are. Steve closes his book and with that hides the sketch of Tony. It's one of his favorite ones yet. It shows the inventor with his robot, Dum-E. Tony had talked with his little friend who had gotten some grease on himself. Tony had crouched in front of him and cleaned him as good as possible. The soft smile would haunt Steve for a while.
'How could I, Tony? No, I love you. With all my heart.', he promises with so much feeling that Tony believes him.
'Can I see him?', Steve asks immediately.
'When did you find this?', Tony chokes out, trying to get his brain working again. It's not what is on his mind but it's the only question he can ask just about now. He can't even look at Steve, can't bring himself to look away from the evidence his husband presented him with. Dread curls in his stomach. Tony can't even admit to himself why it is there.
'Seriously Steve, I don't know why you put up with him and defend him. You deserve much better. You could have anyone.', Tasha huffs, concentrating on driving.
XXXXX
XXXXX
'Yeah, dunderhead. That's good. Means they are working. I can do better than that but I thought you rather prefer crappy hearing than no hearing. No telling how much of my brilliancy you would miss when you can't hear me talking anymore. We can't have that now, can we?', he wants to know, making notes on the tablet. '
Steve nods.
Hours later finally someone comes for them. The doctors use a lot of fancy terms, talking to Nat and Clint's brother for a long time. On the other side of the glass wall the group can't hear a lot but when the doctor is done talking, Steve turns to Bruce, the only of them being vaguely familiar with medical terms.
Barton starts laughing, getting more comfortable as well. 'Love you too, asshole.', he mutters.
Steve sighs deeply, kissing Tony's temple again. The rest of the drive they pass in silence, leaning on each other for comfort. It's a good thing Steve hadn't insisted on Tony staying in the hospital. Just when they reach the Tower Tony becomes aware of the state he is in. The clothes he had worn under the suit are torn and singed, bloated with blood. His hair is full of dirt and blood, he must look frightful.
“Wow Pep. Way to stab me in the back. I thought we had something special.” Tony gasped.
“I’m Clint. This is Natasha. We’re Phil’s friends. He said he told you about us.” Clint’s sentences were clipped, and one of his eyebrows was raised. Tony was very nervous about these two. For some reason, they made his skin crawl. It felt like Natasha was looking right into his soul, and he didn’t like it at all. Clint moved his hand towards him, and Tony flinched. It was minuet but the two caught it easily. Immediately, Tony understood that Clint was just trying to shake his hand. He cursed himself for being so stupid. The two’s demeanor changed as soon as they saw him flinch. Clint’s eyes softened just a little bit, and Natasha offered him a little smile. Maybe they weren’t so bad after all.
The movie was abandoned in favor of a good old fashion card game. Clint pulled out an Uno deck from under the coach cushion, and Steve sputtered. It was clear that he didn’t know there was a deck of cards underneath his couch.  Clint was passing the cards around and Tony was debating whether or not to tell them that he had never played before. Apparently, the confusion showed in his eyes because Natasha gave him a sad knowing look. Tony learned how by going last in the circle and was quick to catch on. Friendships meant nothing in this game, and he was happy to oblige.
Because Tony couldn’t resist Steve’s puppy eyes, there he was wearing a jersey about three sizes too big for him. He tugged on it a bit with his fingers. It was kind of comforting even if it slipped off his shoulder every once in a while, and he was wearing Steve’s clothes which was a dream he never thought he’d get to experience. He wondered if anyone thought he and Steve were dating. He blushed but couldn’t banish the small smile that appeared at the thought. It was a pleasant fantasy. If he and Steve were dating, Steve would probably tell him how good he looked in his jersey and then sweep him off his feet. Ugh, he had no chill. Steve just wanted to be friends, and he needed to respect that.
“That’s so awesome Tony. I’m so happy for you.” Steve said, but it looked a bit like he was sucking on a lemon. Tony tried to figure out the reasoning behind the look, but he couldn’t. He tapped his fingers against his collarbone anxiously.
Toni hesitates, knowing how protective he is of his students. “I need you to protect Earth. Any way you can.”
Toni collapses right there in the entrance of her mansion, overcome with emotion.
also! i've seen some people pointing out a timeline error in which toni isn't supposed to know about thanos yet. you are all correct, but i wrote my outline thinking that she did, so please just try to ignore my breathtaking idiocy while you are reading ok thanks
So Toni kills every single one of those men in that cave, men who had beat her mercilessly until she was black and blue and
(See the end of the chapter for
around her, because the situation is this: she has a car battery wired to her chest and she’s lying in a damp cave she hasn’t seen nearly a decade.
“No, J, I’m fine. I just missed you a lot, buddy, that’s all,” she explains through her tears, and abruptly feels her exhaustion hit her like a train. “Think I’m gonna have to take a nap, J, you got my back?”
yeah it really took me nearly 2 months to write like 600 words what's it to you huh
Except last time she checked, she’d just been beaten half to death by two goddamn super soldiers and left for dead in Siberia, so. Maybe this is the end-of-your-life flashback all the movies talk about. She lets her head thunk back down onto the table and listens to the car battery hum in her chest. She’s too tired to care.
Toni pinches the bridge of her nose and wills herself to not antagonize the man she’s trying to recruit. “Okay. So. I could probably fly out tomorrow for you to… confirm what I’m telling you. If you’re available,” she says, and hates the way her voice trembles.
“J,” she chokes out, throat tightening up, “Tell me that’s really you, baby boy.”
when it goes in, enough so that Toni is starting to believe that maybe it’s not actually a flashback, that maybe she’s actually gone back in time.
hard to atone for her past mistakes and
Charles mulls it over for a moment. “I would need—proof of what you claim is true.” She recognizes the subtext in that statement immediately—he wants to look through her memories. Toni wants to say no. But she
, she doesn’t recognize anything around her and her chest aches in a way it hasn’t since… shit, in a way it hasn’t ached since Afghanistan.
, she’s probably dying right now, lying there knocked out in Siberia, and she can’t stop fucking thinking about Ste—the person who left her there and how blue his eyes are. How pathetic can she be?
timely updates? idk her
Either way, Toni is determined to avoid the outcome of Afghanistan the First: Obadiah Stane will
Toni works harder than ever, and Yinsen still dies. No matter how hard she tries, no matter how hard she pleads with him to stay with her until the suit is done—he still runs out of that cave and sacrifices himself for her. And despite her previous assertion, Toni still feels like her heart has been ripped out of her chest.
anyway as always this is unbetaed, all mistakes are my own, thanks for reading and please give me feedback!
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni Stark is out of fucks to give.
“It is indeed me, Miss. Are you feeling quite alright?”
unbetaed, all mistakes are my own!
Tony doesn't bother knocking and opens the door. 'Still awake?', he signs when Barton looks up surprised from a book Natasha had probably left for him. 'That's not very advisable. You had quite the accident there, you should rest, you know.'
'Bucky didn't have a choice. Try to understand that. He wasn't himself, he still isn't.', Steve continues as if Tony hadn't said a word.
'What is that?' Natasha points at his arm where a big bruise had began to spread. It has the shape of a hand. Surprised Tony looks at it.
The Winter Soldier had been agreed on to be a trainee for the team. For this reason Steve had called in a training exercise for them to practice together and learn to interact as a team. Natasha was chosen alongside Hawkeye to form the group of 'villains' whom they would have to track down and take in, a task that sounds easier than it is done. Tony had organized them a flight to a mountain region close to their home and yet void of human life so that they wouldn't scare any civilians.
He can't speak about it, not to Steve. This is strange since it's a first about what they can't talk about it.
XXXXX
Steve massages the back of his nose. 'And tell him what? That I love him? He doesn't feel the same, why should he?', he says exasperated. It's not as if she wouldn't know so.
Tony finally opened up to him after months, told him about his life and his nightmares, had shown Steve all those beautiful sides he usually keeps wrapped up, has made it impossible for Steve not to fall in love with him, deeply and irrevocably.
'You know what we are talking about, Tony.', Clint cuts in. That shuts Tony up completely. 'You can either tell him or you'll be stuck in there.' The threat obviously is meant for Tony which confuses Steve. What could Tony tell him that could threaten the team?
This had been going on for weeks, it had started the evening after Steve's revelation. It's insane. Maybe nothing is forgotten and maybe not all forgiven but Tony definitely wants his husband back.
'Actions speak louder than words, and Stark's words are already yelling. He hasn't visited Clint once except that first time you dragged him there. He doesn't care. Just because he says he'd pay the hospital bills doesn't make him a decent person.', Tasha says darkly. Tony had offered to take care of the bills because he knew that neither Clint nor his brother Barney would be able to pay them.
'I think we should talk first. Listen, about yesterday... That really worked out badly.', Steve starts immediately, ignoring Tony's silent wish for more time.
Steve sighs, knowing it's useless to run after him. Tony flees into his workshop, locking the door behind him with a strict instruction to Jarvis to not let anyone inside, not even with a security overwrite. His brain is too full, too many thoughts circle around him and threaten to suffocate the inventor. He is shaking, can't get a grip on the reaction. Within seconds hard rock fills the whole room, louder than normal but not loud enough. Just then Tony allows the tears to fall.
Tony breathes a sigh of relief, turning around to face his husband completely again. The relief is very short lived. The blond looks tense so Tony's quip stays where it is. He is worried, that much is evident. As if his life depends on the information he is about to give Tony. The brunet swallows, all thoughts of food forgotten. 'What is it?', he wants to know, coming to stand closer to Steve, touching his arm lightly. He doesn't care about the insecurity that seeps into his voice. If he can't be vulnerable around his husband, then where can he?
'Then at least you would have clarity and a closure.', she disagrees. She has been with him from the very beginning. Actually, the whole team has been behind him from the beginning because Steve had always been far too obvious about his feelings. Everyone had known ages ago that he had fallen hard for their teammate, everyone except for Tony. He seems to be blind for Steve's feelings or he ignores them on purpose, a thought Steve decidedly rejects. Tony would never be cruel, not on purpose.
'Hey, what's up?' Clint's voice startles him out of his thoughts as the archer flops down on the sofa next to him.
The dark lines slowly come together to form a picture, a very particular one at that. Steve doesn't even has to consciously think about him to have him on his mind. As usual the blond has drawn his favorite subject, his teammate Tony. He's a little embarrassed about the whole situation but no matter what he has tried, he can't get the inventor out of his thoughts. After their shaky start, they had started to spend more time together, if only because they are the team's leaders and live together. Quite soon they had become something like friends, a relationship that at least for Steve had quickly evolved into something deeper. He has come to admire his friend, to be just a tiny bit infatuated with Tony. Unfortunately for Steve, it didn't stop there.
Steve would never have to know that there had never been any agents from AIM anywhere close to the mountain region. He would never have to know how exactly the hand print of Bucky had found its way to Tony's arm when he tried to redirect Tony's repulsor blast aimed at the Winter Soldier's head. He would never have to know just how far Tony is willing to go for their relationship.
'They are in the garden, playing.', Laura says as if she can read his thoughts. Tony nods and heads off to the the living room.
XXXXX
'So what? They are my friends, you're my boyfriend. I would like you to get along.' That is wishful thinking as they both know. Tony doesn't play well with others, that Bruce and Thor like him is miracle enough. After four years of Clint and Tony knowing each other through Steve they didn't have one civil conversation as far as Steve knows. They always fought and bickered, called each other names and played pranks on one another, so it's no big surprise when Tony doesn't even deign that with an answer.
Barton startles, gasping. 'Oh my god, I.. I can hear you..' After days of only silence Tony could have chosen a softer way to reintroduce Barton with hearing but it wouldn't be half this funny.
'I am so sorry.' It's the first thing that Steve says that reaches Tony's ears again. Why is he sorry? He has nothing to be sorry about. Not him, Tony thinks. Somehow it's difficult to form a coherent thought.
It's not peace, but a truce. Tony has worked with worse.
'Light on or off?', he asks when Tony has crawled into bed, drawing the covers up high.
'Never.', Steve says, not missing a beat. 'I just would want you to trust our friends enough to show them who you truly are.'
'Barton?' Tony is exasperated and there is a panicking look on his face, his voice is steel though. Why he should be so nervous suddenly is a mystery to Steve. With a slight frown he watches Tony who still stares up at the camera as if he sees Clint right through it. 'What the hell is this supposed to be?', he angrily demands to know though he seems to already know the answer.
The anxious call rings through the long, sterile white hallway. The doctors and nurses of the SHIELD hospital at the east coast of America startle at the loud shouting when a man clad in metal comes running into the facility, carrying a second man who is bleeding all over the floor. He clearly is in distress about the man in his arms. Tony has his face plate flipped up and is looking down at Bucky who is losing far too much blood.
Tony avoids eye contact at all costs. 'I fell in love with you.', he murmurs, chancing a glance at Steve's face. The latter stares at his friend with his mouth wide open because of the shock. Tony being Tony of course misinterprets Steve's expression and turns away, his cheeks flushing in an instance when he attempts to regain his composure. 'I don't expect you to feel the same or even..'
XXXXX
XXXXX
XXXXX
Tony glares at the archer one last time, then walks past him into the kitchen where Laura stands, already busy with preparing lunch.
'He, he isn't breathing. I already tried CPR but he wouldn't react.', Tony says, trying to remain calm and ignore the side of the screen which shows that Jarvis can't detect a heartbeat. Somewhere they get a stretcher from and Tony carefully puts Bucky on it.
Tony scoffs. 'Yeah, you better, stupid.'
'Have fun!', Thor calls after him, a pleased smile on his face.
It seems to take an eternity until an ambulance arrives as Steve tries the best he can to make sure their friend is comfortable. The firefighters had already gotten the fire under control, the poor man who had lost control over his car had already been carried off to the hospital with very bad burns.
James frowns, looking back at Tony. He had scanned the room as if he didn't quite believe him. 'Why?'
Nevertheless, the rational part of his brain knows it wasn't his fault, hell, but there is no one else alive whom he can blame. It still feels like Steve chose Bucky over him and that is what hurts the most. Repeatedly Steve had reassured him that he and the kids came first, each time just before they were falling asleep, on opposite sides of the bed now instead of in each others arms.
He is apprehensive. This is obviously not how he imagined Tony reacting to this outrageous news. Maybe he had thought he would have to console Tony, maybe talk some sense into him. But obviously he wasn't prepared for pure rage. 'Tony..', he tries in a calmer tone, reminding himself to stay calm and not get into a fight over this.
Tony crosses his arms. 'What are we supposed to talk about exactly?'
'This is more than I had hoped for.', Barnes admits, feeling the tech with his fingers, snapping them just to see if he would hear it.
XXXXX
'You'll pay for this.', Tony says exactly as the door to the workshop opens and Clint vanishes from sight.
December, 16th, 1991.
'It doesn't feel like it.', he complains, cutting the engine again. It's never a good idea to drive and fight. Contrary to popular belief, Tony has very good self-preservation instincts. One of them will just start yelling sooner or later.
They still don't talk about it. Actually, none of them even brings it up. It gets a little better after Tony's talk with James because apparently their son had the same talk with Steve. They are talking again to each other, at least about normal, everyday stuff. Non-dangerous stuff.
'I have been going through all these mission reports.' His whole muscles are working as if he expects an attack. Not even before a fight Steve is this tense. It worries Tony more than the next words. 'This one is very unspecific and it wouldn't have caught my attention if it wouldn't have been for the date.'
Out of the corner of his eye he can see Barnes standing up from his silent vigil, then he is gone from his field of vision. He is checking out Tony's reaction, that much is clear, to he how close he can get without the inventor freaking out.
He hadn't told Steve about their shadow either. If Barnes would want to get in contact with Steve, he would have already done so ages ago. Steve would press him too much anyway. The blond wants the person known for decades as the Winter Soldier to be his Bucky again, something Tony knows is impossible.
It's the unspoken rule of the household to not bring up anything related to Tony's parents or Steve's friend. There is no real fight about it, just an underlying anger at the other for not understanding.
'No, you're not. What are you working on?', Steve asks, trying to sneak a peek at the schematics. Tony is faster than him though and pulls the holographic screen away.
Steve hadn't seen him around yet when he went out with or without the kids or at least hadn't told Tony about it, maybe to not provoke another fight, though Tony doubts it. The blond is looking all over the world for his lost friend and still hadn't found him right outside of his doorway. He wouldn't go through all this trouble with Romanov if he'd knew that Barnes is in New York.
'I didn't want to threaten our friendship.', Steve admits, joining Tony's laughter a moment later when the tension breaks finally. 'Apparently all knew except for us.'
That makes Tony just feel even more sympathy for his lover. 'Oh, come here.' Tony opens his arms and lets the soldier cuddle into the embrace. 'That doesn't make you a horrible person. I should have saved him.'
'I have been meaning to check on Mr Stark again.', the doctor says, stepping a little closer. Tony shakes his head, he doesn't want any more doctors or needles around him. They make him nervous. The doctor exchanges a look with Steve, then leaves the room, leaving Tony in Steve's care. Everyone in SHIELD knows by now not to pressure Tony into an examination.
There is just that part of Tony who, after all this time, doubts his husband. It's insane, it's unhealthy. He should bury the past and let it be, especially since it can't be changed anymore.
Dazed she sits down. The doctors had been quite explicit that he probably would never be able to hear again and now he is sitting here, talking like nothing ever happened. 'What happened?'
Half an hour later Steve is on his way downstairs to finally talk to Tony. He had had to gather his wits some more before he has dared face his friend. His nerves had cooled down in the meantime but now they are shaking him up again. When facing a battle he is never so nervous but there he knows what to expect.
'We couldn't continue watching you oblivious fools.', Clint says somewhere behind them. Steve whips around surprised to find him and Natasha standing in the doorway, both a very pleased smile on their faces. Tony  glares at Clint from Steve's side.
Some seconds later, the speakers above them come to life though, revealing the problem. 'Hey, guys.'
Clint makes a retching sound for which he earns himself a glare and a 'Jealous?' from Tony. Steve sighs, making his way inside to where a few students still wait for their lunch and gets in line. He doesn't even want to see Nat's reaction to that statement. While Tony and Clint didn't get along, Nat despised Tony, a mutual feeling. He doesn't trust her one bit, his reason to put on the Stark façade around their friends. No wonder that she regularly questions his and Tony's relationship, worried Tony could use Steve.
Tony turns in his arms to glare at him. 'Are you making fun of me?', he demands to know.
'Alright, I gotta go. Stuff to be done.' Clint stands up after some more minutes, stretching. 'See you later, Tasha.' He kisses her cheek, waves at the rest of the table and walks off.
'Tony happened.', Steve tells her, grinning at Clint like an idiot. 'Morning, Clint.'
Tony's eyebrows climb almost to his hairline. His mouth opens and closes a few times without anything coming out of it. Steve can't suppress his grin anymore.
Steve closes his mouth again, instead turns to their kids to greet them. It's better like that. Maria is a little too tired to fully take in what just happened but Tony knows it won't have been the last he heard about this from James. The next few days sneak past them all, they seem to last an eternity. Tony feels like the hours refuse to pass. The kids refuse to play around them anymore, they quietly watch them as if one of their parents might explode any second. Maria is even more moody and James spends more time on his own than is normal. It's not healthy but the family falls into this very awkward routine.
When he is done, he flops back in the chair and gets out the blueprints to work on a second version.
Steve stays silent for some moments as if contemplating if he should hug Tony or not. 'This afternoon. I wanted to find everything there is before calling you.', he explains, his voice smaller than before. He is afraid of Tony's reaction and he might be right to be.
'A good morning to you too, Steve. It's good to hear you again.', he adds with a grin. 'Seriously though, guys, it's good to hear again. I was slowly going insane here.', he admits. He shows off the earpieces Tony had built him, telling them how great it is to hear his own voice again. Tasha calls in sick and they spend the rest of the morning listening to Clint's rambling about whatever comes to his minds and describing, meal by meal, what wonders of Stella he had been missing out on.
Tony sighs and returns her attention to James and Maria on the swing. Barnes just wants to see Steve's kids, nothing special about that. At least that's what Tony guesses. After all, Steve had told him about them right before the Winter Soldier threw him into the Potomac.
Tony's brow furrows. He hadn't thought about that before. Of course Steve wouldn't be thrilled to find out later that Tony had never spoken about his infatuation, especially since it could have possibly endangered a team member. That's not something he ever wants to experience. Tony shudders.
'I am sorry to interrupt.', he says. 'My condolences for your loss.', he adds, looking at Steve.
As it had been there were a lot of parties, a lot of alcohol, a lot of women and men involved to get past the initial phase of grief. A lot of the months following his mother's death are a haze. He barely remembers any of it.
Then his eyes land on Tasha and Steve.
'And what is this?' Before Steve has real time to react, Natasha has come up on his other side and snatches his sketchbook out of his hand, then flips through its pages. Steve feels himself blushing deeply. He is not even trying to get his book back. Any attempt would be useless, anyway. He could never retrieve anything Natasha has her mind on.
Tony smiles ruefully. He doesn't want to lie to his son, not even about something like this. He's too clever to be fooled anyway. 'It's not quite that easy.' When James looks up at him with inquisitive eyes, Tony smiles and ruffles his hair. 'I promise, I'll talk to him.'
Tony wonders where their shadow sleeps as a known fugitive with a metal arm on top of that. After a while he gets his kids and heads back for the car. On the way home he sees a lone figure on the sidewalk, hands deep in the pockets, heading as fast as he can for the subway.
'Yeah, but this is lunch. Please?', he asks again, making puppy eyes at Steve, knowing the blond always gives in then. Steve rolls his eyes but it is fond exasperation.
His super soldier hearing must have picked up on that. 'Tony, please come up so we can talk about this.'
He shakes his head, forcing his voice to stay quiet. 'I gotta go now, kids won't pick themselves up.' Tony hangs up on him a second later, hitting his hands against the steering wheel in frustration. Damn him.
'I'll get cleaned up.', he informs Steve almost passively, getting out of the elevator.
Steve sighs again, not feeling like arguing anymore. Tasha had never felt anything but resentment for Tony and that would probably not change anytime soon.
Tony shakes his head, cuddling into Steve's embrace. He rests his forehead against his shoulder. 'Still, I am a mess, I don't care about others.'
Steve smiles. They both know Tony gives a great deal of what other people think of him though he prefers to pretend otherwise. He goes to great length to hide that he cares, afraid that this caring would be misused and he would end up hurt again.
Steve takes a deep breath. The tension is making Tony sick. Somehow this is worse than waiting for Steve to come out of the surgery, worse than having to wait for him to wake up. The blond is suffering this time and Tony knows it. There are dark bags under his eyes, there is no way to deny the shine of tears in the blue orbs. Tony steps closer, resting a palm on Steve's cheek, trying to comfort him with just his presence.
'Hey, you got a Stark patent in your ear now, remember that I can let you listen to Taylor Swift whenever I like.', Tony threatens with a smile on his face.
Steve nods, stands up and heads to the elevator with Tony.
'And?' Clint nearly bounces with excitement when Natasha returns from her reconnaissance mission down in Tony's lab. The inventor had revoked Clint's access to Jarvis's system ages ago, apparently because the archer had misused the video system for his pranks. It's really ridiculous. If Tony doesn't want to be pranked, he shouldn't make the entrance to the air duct system so easy.
'It's not his fault.', Steve says, trying to calm him. And Tony can see how torn he is inside. Oh, yes, he can see it. He wants to be there for Tony but at the same time feels responsible for his best friend. It just makes him angrier. It's just the story of his life. There is always someone more important than him.
Tony immediately composes himself, nothing in his posture indicates that he had been asleep not half a minute ago. His whole demeanor changes from peaceful to annoyed and busy. 'Good that you're finally here.' He takes a look at his watch as if he has more important things to do than talk to them. 'Means I don't have to hang around.' He stands up, pretending to have spent the night here against his will, as if someone had forced him and not as if he'd fallen asleep talking to Clint. 'See you later, sweetheart.', he says to Steve in that flat media voice the blond knows so well but that Tony hadn't used on him in quite a while. 'Romanov. Legolas.' With that he leaves the room, not once glancing back.
Steve relaxes fully into the pose, pressing a kiss to Tony's temple, a silent thank you. A smile forms on the inventor's face. The silence hangs in the room for a long time because none of them wants to break this connection.
Steve pulls him closer, as if that would still be possible. 'I know you can't help me find him, I don't expect that. But I gotta try. Please understand that. That doesn't mean I don't know how much pain he has caused you. But I owe my life to him, the least I can do is try to repay that.' There is a long pause in which he waits for Tony's reply. 'Okay?'
'How long will you be out today?', Tony asks casually though Steve can hear that he wants him home rather sooner than later.
Steve shakes his head. 'I am glad that you're the one alive. That's terrible. I'm a horrible person. When the nurse called and said you two are in the hospital, I asked for you and she told me you're worse for wear but that Bucky is dead, I was relieved. I was so relieved that you were alive.', he admits under tears.
For months now they had to watch the two men being unhappily in love with each other without knowing about their common predicament. Clint and Natasha just can't watch them anymore. It's so frustrating to listen to Rogers's endless accounts of how great and perfect Tony is and Tony's endless denying though he is just as obvious as Steve.
Tony takes some time to answer. 'It's complicated.', is the answer he eventually settles for.
'I love you, Tony Stark.' With a sigh Steve settles into his sleeping position.
He had never told Steve about it, but there had been an incident with Barton two years ago. Tony had been sitting around with the archer when Steve had to go to his lecture, when there was a loud boom outside. Something in him had snapped, for several minutes he had been back in Afghanistan, had been back on that surgery table in the middle of nowhere with strange hands in his chest, digging for the rest of the shrapnel. He must have totally broken down there and then on his sofa. Steve would have been fuzzing and would have insisted Tony to lie down and all of that. Everyone else would just have panicked or maybe laughed. When he came to himself again though, Barton had gotten him a glass of water, then, after a long look at Tony, had flopped down on the sofa again and criticized his lack of taste in movies. Tony had quipped back at him that he wouldn't recognize genius if it bit him in the ass. They had never talked about the incident but since then, Tony had known he could trust Barton. He sees him as some kind of brother nowadays. Brothers who don't get along but are there for each other when necessary.
XXXXX
Steve sighs deeply, looking up from his work. There are several stacks of paper put aside for closer inspection. 'No, not yet.', he admits, looking tired and like he is about to give up.
Clint gets up when Steve places his bag next to the table so they could get their lunch. He had waited on Steve as usual.
'Don't worry, we'll find him. Jarvis is already scanning every available camera this side of Antarctica. If Barnes leaves his hiding place, we will know.', Tony reassures him as he had done for the past weeks. Ever since Steve found out that his presumed dead best friend isn't so dead after all, he had searched for him like mad. That Hydra had brain washed him seems to occasionally slip his notice. Nevertheless, this is important for Steve so Tony is willing to participate the best he can. 'Have you already had dinner?', he asks, already knowing the answer. The absence of dinner scents is suspicious, so maybe the kids had just had sandwiches. Nevertheless, Steve won't have eaten anything since lunch, being too soaked up in his little project.
'Shall I help you?', he offers but Tony merely shakes his head, heading off for the bathroom. He evades looking in the vicinity of the mirror as he slowly strips out of his clothing, throwing it on the floor so it could be burned later. He doesn't need the reminder. He shouldn't take a shower but doesn't think he would be able to sleep like this, with Bucky's blood on his hands. The warm water of the shower burns but it also chases away some of the memories. Barnes' dead face. The explosion. A weapon aimed at his head.
'Nah, you just gave Clint the ability to hear. Nothing special about that. He barely noticed the difference.', Steve scoffs. How can Tony just think so little of his own work? Steve knows that Tony does more good in this world than he would ever admit and than most people would ever see. He just wants the world to see Tony for who he really is and not judge him by his snarky behavior or his pompous words. He wants them to just once see the Tony Stark Steve sees when he looks at him. The person who would spend six nights holed up in his lab for a person he claims to find annoying and stupid.
'Do you trust me?', he asks instead, caressing Tony's cheek, coaxing the genius to relax. The brunet nods. 'Then I don't ask for more.'
'In love with you.', Steve finishes the sentence for his friend. 'And you feel the same.', he concludes, still grinning like a Cheshire Cat.
But alas, the arm around him tightens a little, a sure enough sign that his husband had heard him and ignores the little delay.
Two dark pieces of high tech rest in it. Tony points at his ears when Barton continues to stare at him like a fish. He signs 'May I?' before he takes the pieces out of the box and walks around the bed to fix them in Barton's ears. They are a little too big yet, one can actually still see them when looking at Barton, a fact that needs to be fixed. Tony makes a mental note to make them smaller next time. After it is done, Tony pulls out his tablet and types away for a moment, then says, 'Tell me how the quality of the sound is.'
'Would someone who doesn't care build Clint a prosthesis so he can hear again? When will you finally stop pretending to be selfish and let everyone see what a brilliant compassionate man you are?' Steve smiles, knowing that this is not something Tony will ever do. He's been hurt too much in the past to trust people easily with this part of himself. 'I love you. With your hiding and pretending and everything.'
Some nurses come rushing to him, to help him with the fallen Avenger.
'I need to do some tests to see how well the tech works.', Tony says, putting the good-natured banter aside for the moment, returning to the task at hand. Barton nods.
'Not as good as before, but yeah.', he confirms, patting the bed at his side for Natasha to sit down.
'It must be from Barnes. When my thrusters gave out when I was hit, I almost fell down that cliff. He grabbed me. God knows how he held me up long enough for me to get a hand on the edge. They fired at him. He should have dropped me. Barnes got hit, bad. I don't know how bad. I was able to climb back up and join the fight again. Goodness, he tried to shield me, for whatever reason. Jarvis was trying to do some repairs with the nanobots but during a fight that's semioptimal. Barnes managed to take out some of the attackers, I could overpower some others. There were just too many. We had to withdraw and no means of knowing if we were running in a good direction or from the frying pan into the fire. We just tried to get some distance between us and them. Jarvis managed to give me flight power. I picked up Barnes and flew for our lives..' Tony sighs deeply.
'I-' Tony sighs deeply. Steve frowns openly now, not understanding this situation at all. 'I have not been entirely honest with you. That's what Clint means. I- I might have some not too friendly feelings for you.'
'It's not that easy.', he repeats.
He and Nat had done anything in their power to get them to finally admit to their feelings but these two fools are just too stubborn to act accordingly. They are in their own ways of happiness and Clint sees it as his duty to save them. But they are too stupid to see that and block off Clint's attempts to help at every corner.
'They were everywhere. We decided to make a dash for it. I thought we'd die right there. I don't know how he managed to withstand those blasts. I picked him up and wanted to fly us out of there but there were too many shots in the air. We would have gotten hit. I had to land near an abyss. At least we had none of them in our backs I thought.' Tony stays quiet for a moment, likely lost in the scenes and moments that followed.
Some months ago Steve had finally found his best friend Barnes again. He had been so shocked when it turned out to be no other than the fabled Winter Soldier, a brainwashed agent of Hydra, that he let Barnes leave that first time. It had taken Steve the better part of a year to track Bucky down and bring him to the Avengers Tower. Tony hadn't been thrilled to have another deadly assassin in his house, an unpredictable one at that, then however Bruce and he had figured out how to reverse the most of the brainwashing and returned Barnes to normal (well, as normal as was possible) state. Steve had been eternally grateful to have his best friend back. Tony was happy that Steve was happy. So what if the blond ignored him, his boyfriend, a little to spend time with his lost friend? The genius will admit to have been a little jealous about that fact, yes, but that is about it. It's not as if Steve suddenly started falling for Bucky or anything, or as if he stopped loving Tony. It's just that Tony felt like Bucky was intruding on his comfortable life at the Tower.
