"I take it back. We shouldn't acknowledge our marks at all, ever again," Rhodey theatrically flinched. "Lest someone accidentally figure out I'm in any way or form connected to an idiot."
"No! You're just fucking with me, nobody on this planet could design something like that, not in this century!"
"By Stark, who hates me, and not without reason," Wanda said.
"We are more alike than we'd probably care to admit. I was a Luphomoid once who was then turned into a machine and was trained to act like one. You were a machine once, but then learned what it meant for Terrans to be human, and it became a part of you. So now we're both stuck in between, even if we came from the exact opposite sites of the same thing, and Rocket was right to-"
"Kid, shut it, the adults are talking," Stark said, then turned to Loki. "And true, I might be here because Thanos can't be allowed to get that Stone, but I can still kick your ass first, and get on my mission next. You almost leveled a city and destroyed my planet-"
After all, Quill wasn't a senior like them, so he could only go if he was invited.
“Well, no, I don’t!” Tony felt his fingers tighten around the spray now. “So why are you even suggesting that I am? Obi gives me everything. Money. Freedom. Attention. Much more than I’d deserve, and I find the… what?”
He was leaving too, except this time Steve stopped him.
"So, what do you say, should we go to sleep?"
"You stabbed me. Surely, you know I'll kill you for this, given a chance?" Loki promised.
"And I have been doing just that if you want to hear about it..."
That was unexpected but appreciated. It gave Loki still a second chance to maybe - just maybe - set things right.
"It looks like Ronan's father doesn't like Ronan either, so my dad is safe," Rocket explained. "Had I known this, I would have broken his nose earlier, believe me."
"Better than okay, even." And then Bruce took a page from his book and only showed him without words what he meant.
"You can still hold me," Steve told him.
"For the record, I have never said that I didn't want to," Rhodey stated with a small frown. "That's why I left and still got upset yesterday. It's okay if we chose to ignore it, but we've never even talked about it, not even once."
Only, as always, the spell came with a very steep price. It would grant your most desired wish, but the reason it was forbidden because it would grant your wish in a way that was also nothing like you imagined. Many magicians who cast it went mad, turned dark, or resorted to suicide because they couldn't take the reality they fabricated with it.
This once, Loki didn't want to talk about it.
"Could be just a side effect."
He only took a couple of steps toward Stark, who held out a hand to stop him, and then stared when his hands were shaking badly, which was probably the last straw before he freaked.
"I'm going to try." While Vision decided to do the same. Easier said than done.
"That sounded like an insult," Loki tried not to give away how he could be into that. Maybe. They barely knew each other, after all, and he wasn't just about to offer again when he already did in the fever-dream-like future.
"He won't because I'll just turn him back to a baby. Make him forget the bad things. He'll grow up again, and then be my friend," Jade told them.
"No, but it's a start," Strange said, and Tony wanted to wipe that smile off. He didn't ask for this and hated if it was working out for the wizard all too comfortable in Tony's body that he stole.
"But it also hurts you. There are a lot of people who don't believe someone could be so perfect and still so humble and sweet."
"But it didn't with you," Banner came closer. "So I can only assume, but... you're beating yourself up with the same thoughts every single day, aren't you?"
"Missions? Working for the army of Midgard or friend Stark again?"
"Tony has a plan that could make everything right."
Not even when Tony learned magic, and now could channel his power into his creations, making unbelievable hybrids of technology and magic, like only a very limited few in the whole galaxy could (not even Loki).
"Here. I am Tiny. Loki cursed me to a different form."
Gamora, Drax, and Nebula also cheered, while Groot just thanked them again.
Minor inconvenience was that he still couldn't speak, so he had to connect his phone to Friday's speakers around the house and "talk" to Barnes through it, feeling a bit like Hawking, but he certainly wasn't going to write notes on paper.
"I think I have it already, so let's just get to it, then," Tony considered it for just a second before he could change his mind, turning to Cap. "I'm only going to say this once: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kissed your boyfriend.
"But how does this tie into speech?" Bucky wondered.
"Right after the very joyous occasion that happened although we didn't plan it. So I've decided. Now or never. If you're willing to give it a shot then-"
"And first I thought you did," Gamora told him. "But only when you became close with Rocket did I realize that you never once stared at my cleavage or ass while doing it."
It all took a turn though when Steve tried to cultivate that connection and tried to talk to Barnes about going home with them, the Winter Soldier snapped again and tried to kill both Steve and Loki, not holding back, disappearing again.
"You didn't, I'm just a ridiculous twig-like mortal now, remember?"
Three years later Steve and Tony returned to the States and not even the best lawyers could save Obidiah Stane from lifelong prison. Making Steve (as Tony’s bonded mate) the official heir of Howard Stark, owner of Stark Industries.
He all but buried the memory of having a child, and it wasn't hard, because he was working for (and secretly against) Thanos so that kept him quite busy.
It’s not like it was the first time Quill had a black eye, but how Ronan seemingly wanted to hurt him every time he saw Quill, even when he had no longer the excuse of Gamora, basically without a reason was new.
"I'm not. It's not a skill, nor a power!" Steve argued. "It's a simple decision. Repeatedly, every day, but everyone can do it. Again and again, what do you choose? And if the answer isn't what you wanted to choose, and it hasn't been for a long time now, then the energy required to change may be just as much as the energy you waste on grieving the fact that you're stuck."
Thor was too tired to even try to at least object to the pronoun that didn't fit him. Not that the little beast's pathetic little high-pitched roars would prove Hulk wrong anyway.
"Still, it's... I have a lot on my plate now, Tony..." Rhodey said, and he looked just as tired and worn out as he said, and Tony was ever too happy to accept some resemblance of normalcy between them back.
"My pleasure. If that's all, then..."
He scheduled the "date" on a day Steve was teaching combat to his kids the whole day, but then, he was barely finished in the toilet with the handsome stranger when Steve appeared, fuming.
"No, we can stop it. Together."
"But she's more powerful than I am. It's only a matter of time and she'll figure it out for herself, you know. She's the one who restored my magic too. Without an incantation or conscious effort. She just asked me if I was broken, and she should fix me. Looked at me, and I was-"
"I think I'm going to be just fine. Seeing the Hulk from a different perspective and talking to him helped."
“You know me, I’d NEVER do that to you!”
Thank you all for reading! XOXO
"Even I thought I was a goner when I fell."
"I mean it's okay, I get it," Steve adds with an apologetic smile. "I try not to stare at you ever so often, but truth to be told, I have a little crush on you."
And as always, thank you all very much for reading!XOXO
Now Bucky and Steve were staring at each other, Steve speaking up, still looking at Barnes, but not addressing him.
"I have an unrequited crush but I would never bring it in here, so..."
"Uh-huh," Fury laughs at him then, and Coulson doesn't know what's so funny, but he smiles back. "I take it you're a huge basketball fan, Coulson?"
"You better take it, or I'll tell Ronan where to find you every Tuesday."
Teaching and coaching Loki, even though it also meant that he was molding Loki to fit his own agenda - Loki still owed his life to the Mad Titan.
is," the other human said, looking at them. "I'm just gonna pretend I didn't see it and leave now."
"Just... don't despise me too much when I'm being intolerable next," Tony said. "We both know it's only a matter of time and it should happen again that I speak before I think or just-"
"Only you don't know, possibly on the entire planet," Rocket told him with a teasing smile. "You're lucky you're so cute."
It took 5 years until the situation was somewhat normalized and they could get a biological divorce, and by that time, they were best friends, so Steve secretly wished Wanda didn't want one.
Loki going against Barnes' wishes saving his undead life was only proof.
Strange never taught him the inner workings of a single spell, thinking that if Tony was doing it instinctively, he might just find different solutions to the same problems, but there was still plenty of practice both mentally and physically that Stark needed.
It was only a day later when Tony had a file which his father buried a long time ago, and the nerve to face Rhodey with it, who opened his door after the knocking but was about to shut it on Tony's face when he saw it was Tony.
Levi took the last part as an insult, because even though they got along just fine with Tony before, now he was doing everything in his power to make Tony's life harder.
But he was happy moving in with Tony, seeing him that much more, and Tony also smiled more, especially when it was just them, so Steve took it as a good sign.
"Yesterday, when I didn't get why you stormed out?" Tony meekly suggested.
"We already were natives to this hell before it even began. True, we are miserable just like everyone else is, but we've been dealing with being miserable for years now, unlike them."
"You're lying. Again."
"We'll probably be back, once he's calmed," Pepper told him with a sigh. "But he's clearly miserable, had spent a lot of time with your boyfriend lately, and I don't think that kiss was as just part of a hilarious joke as he tried to portray it to be."
"Yeah, it is," Quill's only defense was sarcasm now. "Because I tried, but I can't hide my feelings for Rocket any longer, so deal with it. He's mine!"
"Oh?" that made Tony wonder what it was about for sure.
"Fine, I'll admit, you're smarter than me. So I'd be the muscles, and you'd be the brain."
"We're like family, yes," Groot told him. "But I'll never be Rocket's type, and I'm completely fine with that."
He expected some anger, hate, or at least some kind of childish remark in return, like Thor, would no doubt react when Loki was impossible like this, but maybe the Captain was more than just what met the eye because he only gave him a look.
"I have skipped dinner, but it's too early for take-out, and it feels like my eyes are gonna fall out."
"Who knows, maybe if the Nine Realms favor you, you'll learn how to wield it as more than just an ordinary sword."
"I'm glad for you both. But still, I'm afraid I can't help you. I'm a better use as an extra pair of hands here than on some heroic quest, believe me."
And, when Rocket kissed him at the end of the song, Quill didn't freeze up this time, but only ever got back to his body when he realized Groot was back somehow, cheering for them as did all their friends, just as well some others - but not Ronan, who seemed to be on the edge of a stroke witnessing a simple kiss.
She always told jokes to everyone who would listen and kept asking for new ones in return. Bruce, Steve, Nat, but even Rhodey, Rocket, and Marvel kept telling her the best ones they knew, and Scott too, when he reappeared.
"They can't tell me what I'm allowed or not allowed to open on it," Steve pressed his lips into a thin line.
"Hello, my name is Peter," the Spiderling crouched down in front of her. "What is yours?"
"I apologize, but with humans, usually there's some more time to prepare for a situation like this, so I don't have any medications at hand. Not to mention, I'd only done this once before, I wasn't this kind of a doctor, and even then, the patient wasn't male."
"His parents aren't really in the same social circle, so they don't care," Rocket waved the concern off. "So, please please pretty please, Quill, can we eat lunch with you from now on, even if we don't share any classes?"
"But you two, you are a problem. Do you know how many times I had to look with the Stone to get you together?"
"Meaning?"
"That's what I'm saying. That you aren't."
Then it was Bucky who spoke up in a soft voice.
“I’m in the middle of my Heat, Tony. If my meds start to wear off, I won’t be going anywhere.”
And although Quill wasn't sitting alone any longer - hell, even Nebula joined their table now for some reason - he felt just as bad if not worse than when he did.
"I'm like Batman," he told Tony. "Only, way too cooler. And I've almost blown up something before JARVIS helped, it's like..."
"Nobody knows the Sanctum is unguarded, and I have some basic magic still," Strange told him.
"Oh, I'm angry. Horribly. Both for you keeping secrets from me, and how you seemed to think it was a good idea to try to stop Thanos on your own, risking your goddamn life in the process, believe me. But I don't want you dead. That's kind of part of the reason why I'm furious..." and he wasn't. Or couldn't have been, because he said all this so calmly.
"I've changed my mind."
"I'm sure Peter hasn't read them."
"The piece of shit tried to steal your phone," Ronan only gripped Quill's throat tighter. "Which can't be a surprise after he already tried to hit on my girl. What's next? Breaking into our houses? Although, as I've heard, his step-father is just the type who might try something like that so..."
“What?”
It was unexpected, but then the mortal gave him a slightly amused smile.
So, everybody lived! TBH, Wanda/Vision is not exactly my ship, but that's part of the challenge.
"And I also have some nicknames for them, but you'll get used to it fast. At least I hope so, for your sake," Fury both promises him and sort of threatens at the same time. "And why are you lot not warming up already, ladies?"
"The next time I have to bring you back from the dead, I'd add a separate database of jokes, you need of an upgrade," Rocket said, but he was grinning, not rolling his eyes at Vision, so that was progress. "I couldn't do it this time, fearing your lady friend won't recognize you with it, but the next time, mark my words I will."
"I know some lines are shaky, but I thought you'd like it," Steve frowned. He didn't think he did such a bad job depicting Iron Man with a guitar, given that he had only a limited range of colors. Or at least not such a horrible job that Tony would have to storm into his room the first chance he got to demand an explanation.
"Was on my way," Steve frowned. "Got turned around by Friday, saying your life was in grave danger."
"Yes, and we can uphold that tradition by selling baked goods as well. But I was thinking, and maybe we could sell some other stuff as well. It's always good for the team to have a little extra cash, right? Even if it's not what matters..."
"And if there's a fight to be fought, the Aesir swore to help the Midgardians in exchange for the land we were given, so take this," he gave Thor the Bifrost Sword. "I don't have a use for it, but I have a feeling that you will."
After the transformation, Loki was healing fast and almost effortlessly, and strangely, he got along with the Captain better than if he was himself. Maybe having a small and helpless had its advantages when it came to the nurturing type of heroes that the good Captain was.
It was too close to poetry for his liking, sometimes too vague. Maybe if he could, he would have communicated with humans in code as well, hacking their minds and debugging conversations to see what went wrong. If not reverting some past interactions.
Bucky couldn't believe what he was hearing.
And then everything went back to normal, or at least how it was before, but now Steve couldn't misinterpret how when Thor was talking to him during the team dinners, with a profound twinkle in his eyes, that it was maybe more than Thor's usual friendly manner with which he treated the other Guardians as well.
Only, he couldn’t run forever. One day he snuck into the girls' locker room by accident. Gamora didn’t believe him so he got quite a slap, while Mantis screamed trying to cover herself up, and Nebula went on changing as if he wasn’t there. Ronan and his gang (Rocket, Groot, Drax) only had to follow the commotion to find him.
"No."
"No? Then what?" Loki wondered, but they were interrupted then, and only got to explore the topic - with great attention to detail - later.
Tony only glanced at Bucky, who was munching on one of the protein bars Steve managed to find, telling him.
"Please don't, you still have completely human arms as well," Tony said, half kidding, half worried.
"And I was only mocking him, but he is a genius. He managed to use the Time-Stone correctly for the first time without effort..."
He means it as a compliment, not that he was digging for it specifically either, just all the other players had some kind of borderline red flag posts and Cap didn't, but the way he manages to phrase it isn't good.
He'd be no doubt captured by the Midgardians this way, but he couldn't even use glamour to change his appearance, and couldn't keep his eyes open.
"And you think it would have any on me, still?"
“I love you.”
But maybe that was only his self-destructive side, Winter Soldier just without "the crazy". Also whispering into Bucky's ear about other aspects of his relationship and life that he knew were totally bull.
He did though. He had to. Three hours later he was almost delirious with the pain and realized he knew absolutely nothing of childbirth other than its magical potency.
When he opened his eyes, he was in a bed with Strange. Naked, and tangled up in each other's arms. Going on by the looks of the mortal, much older too.
“No, just drive on,” Steve said. Using it as an advantage that Steve wasn’t looking at him for just a second, Tony used the Alpha-spray on him and was pleasantly surprised that it worked.
Thor was on the way back to the Avengers (what was left of them) with Bruce already when he gathered his thoughts enough to note.
But, it was just part of what Coulson wanted, so he stays, hesitant now.
"Regardless of my advantage, Nat, I don't think I'm handling it any better than anybody," Steve told her. The only thing he was more familiar with about the situation than the rest was how he would pretend to be fine when he wasn't.
Loki wanted nothing less than to be a mother to a human, especially taking care of one, but whenever he was told he was forbidden to do something, he had to it, just on principle.
"I'm not the fossil in our relationship, Steve," Tony told him, which made Bucky chuckle. But then also smirk like someone who had some ideas what to do with a fossil when there were three of them, and Steve couldn't wait to find out.
"You know it hasn't been so long," Tony declared, but when Steve and Bucky started cooking, he joined them and kept chatting them up for the longest time.
toddlers trying to speak, so at least I didn't lack reference materials. Even though I had to exclude some videos where dogs were 'speaking' to toddlers," Tony typed in, and didn't even have to execute the vocalization because Barnes read it from his screen before he could.
Only, it was fun! Being constricted into such a miniature of a form, Thor didn't get a chance to exercise, and this was a good enough excuse to do just that, while also appreciating his new body's unexpected agility and speed when it came to this kind of game.
"One or two more days won't make much of a difference, and you need rest. I do too. I was thinking something along the lines of staying in bed all day sleeping and doing nothing, or watching some million-year-old television, eating some snacks, and only have sex if we want to."
"I said capable."
"I got a menial job back on Asgard, and lived out the years rather than jumping to here. Turning into someone that's not exactly the Thor I used to be, but at least someone I can live with."
"You're right," Rocket said after a small pause. And just when Quill thought it meant he'd leave, he added. "I'll talk to Ronan to leave you alone, and you keep the phone."
"Come on, no shy! Tiny can play now with Hulk!"
, and for once, no-one called Steve away in the middle of it, which in itself was a miracle.
"Let me go again, I have another idea," he told Steve, who was readying himself with his shield.
"One - you better," Bruce told him in return. "And second, I'm kind of prone to change plenty for the both of us."
"Let me take you home, I'm parked up front.'
Some killer robots turned up, and Loki - as part of his penance - had to help the Avengers to get rid of them. Even got an undercover mission with Barton and Natasha after to figure where the maker of the robots had such advanced tech.
"I fell asleep while meditating in the morning," Strange started. "And saw a couple of thousand possible futures."
If Steve wanted, he was free to be either bossy or uncertain, or anything in between. Giving or taking. Supportive or in need of support. Just as he encouraged Tony to talk with him if something was bothering him, and would hold him if things got tough.
"Ah! But then our feelings are only mutual," Loki told him.
No matter if you've just had major surgery or a child, if you just lost the love of your life, or you were born tall when he wanted you to be short. Work was work, and it needed to be done without "complaints".
“Who the fuck uses walkman anyway?” was all he heard from a laughing Ronan before he got a blow on the head and promptly passed out.
he had, and thought he didn't get an answer because Tony didn't even deem his idea worthy of one.
"My weakness. I get it," Loki probably would have done the very same thing, and Banner not only managed to get them out but also took him on the escape, which was good news. "But for it to be a weakness, it has to be at least partially true."
"And what's in it for you, Captain?"
"Knowing you, I won't waste the effort unless you meant it as a challenge."
"Stephen, are you under the impression that if you were, I'm the type of person who wouldn't tell you that? I know we're not exactly friends but that's only because..."
The door was still undeniably locked, and Tony - on the verge of hyperventilating from a panic attack - was sure if he didn't get out just then, he'd lose his mind. That is, if he hadn't already.
," Strange was quick enough at least to get what Loki was trying to do, even if Loki could have hit him for that nickname alone. "Forever is such a long time. I wish at some point you could just be done with all the fighting, and come back to us-me. Come back to me. I missed you."
Only kissing back once Steve kissed him, but then almost too occupied when Steve also made them stop.
"Like? Yes," Quill shrugged. "Would date? Possibly not. She's scary if you ask me."
"How are you doing this?"
"As I've been learning more and more about human behavior, it seems there are worse wounds than physical injuries," the AI told him. "Therefore I got to a conclusion that treating them should also be a priority, for the sake of Avengers just as much as for the sake of the individuals making up the team."
Then Tony locked an Omega (Wanda) up like they were living in the Middle Ages where Alphas had a right to do that, but also didn’t seem to care if Bucky (a Beta) was innocent or not, and Steve was convinced that it was a pattern with Tony, not just a coincidence.
"Now you're getting it."
In fact, Steve had faked an emergency once when he wasn't called away just to give them more time together, teamed them up for target practice schedule, and whenever Tony didn't show up for the customary movie, forgetting about time again, Steve went to get him with an offering (food even Tony approved of) almost coaxing him out of his workshop, sometimes.
"But then, who'll challenge you, Tony?" Loki switched tactics, smiling as well, because Tony knew Loki hated to be told to shut up, and still did it, knowing how it was the only way to get Loki to change the topic.
"Doing what?" Phil somehow senses this is a clever trap, but he wants to do it all the more.
"Good Tiny!" if it was possible, Hulk enjoyed playing with him just as much as Thor enjoyed the variety. "Tiny grow to a fierce cat for sure!"
“Well, good of you to notice,” Tony said. “Because it always makes me wanna punch you, but I don’t think I’m able to do that at the moment, and I’ve also missed your sorry face.”
While Steve had found Peggy, and woke up 70 years later just to find her aged, sick, and then gone.
"So, just to clarify. You did it. From start to finish, you designed and painted it..."
“Tony...” Steve didn’t even know what to say. On one hand, if Steve had any doubts about whether Tony cared for him just as much as Steve for him, this would have been enough to prove him wrong. It was moving that Tony would just come out and say how much he wanted to keep Steve safe. But it was also as if after all this time, and all their years together, he still doubted Steve’s abilities because he was an Omega. “As you know, I’m pretty hard to destroy, and I can hold my own.”
"But it's not the truth?"
Thor finally got it. He was to fake-attack the string, but at first, he had to look around so that nobody but Hulk would see his humiliation when he tried.
“Oh but that’s where you’re wrong, Rogers,” Tony told him firmly, taking his hand. “You’d actually saved me. It just doesn’t look like as you imagined it would, that’s all. But I’m good with that.”
Finally, a weird thought came to him. He had a capability to reproduce his cells in case he was hurt, so theoretically, if he did the same with a DNA key he can get from Nebula still, he could replicate her cells inside his body, while storing her data - mind - in a separate brain than his own.
"You don't mind?"
"The pictures of our current players."
"Maybe you should try it, dating. For a while, at least, and see," then Barnes told them, just when Tony went to get a protein bar to eat because he had nothing else better to do. "Clearly, it didn't work out between me and Steve-"
"Exactly, I'm a mortal, and time flies for me, just as you've said. So maybe dates are overrated."
“Without treatment?” Steve looked at him, but when Tony tried to stand on his own and collapsed, he jumped to help him up and then carried him out of the hospital. Only to ask Tony in the car. “What did she say?”
He had a couple of plans for how to get to the Arena, but he couldn't manage either in time.
It took some
"Well, then you're wrong. I don't own an apology for you when all I did was that I saved your life," Bruce seemed to have an answer for everything.
And Loki and Strange kept looping for days in this possible future, so Loki decided to sit this one out. Which meant that he just went with the future, and figured why that day was the one Jade chose to trap them in.
"There are some movements I've learned to avoid to not trigger them, but it's only getting worse, and my memory isn't what it used to be."
it was only because I tried to protect you. I was your only weakness. Maybe I still am," Bucky hoped Steve could tell he was honest.
"It was," Friday agreed.
"But in the meanwhile, it's better than nothing."
“I wanted you. Every second of it. Badly. I’m supposed to take care of you finding another Alpha, safe reintegration into the society, not trying to keep you for myself, but I just… Even now, I know I should return you, but I can’t bear the thought. To hand you over to Obi, or anyone else. I’m a failure.”
"I didn't do anything wrong, Tony," Happy kept his calm, and only put a hand on Pepper reassuringly, who was about to send Tony to hell.
Tony thought Bucky must have chosen to eat it with him as well only because nobody showed him how to operate the TV in his room yet, and would leave anyway once the episode he started came to an end. He almost got a heart attack when Barnes spoke up hours later, lingering still.
Steve thought they were past the nickname stage, but otherwise Tony was right. Heaven only knows what it could have been like for Bucky.
Bucky only stared at Steve then, in disbelief. It seemed no matter what he could say would only piss Steve off.
But I also made it so no knowledge of the X-men universe is needed to read ;)
Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing.
"Oh, it's meant to work around your SuperLegs, so if every month or so, the battery of the suit dies, you'd still have SuperKick," Tony could have hit himself how he forgot to mention that.
"No."
"We better leave as well," Happy tried to get Pepper to leave. "And we can all talk later."
And maybe Steve wasn't as unaffected as he first thought either because he could barely sleep without Thor snoring near, and couldn't seem to think clearly now every time they talked.
"It's different because..."
"I'm not entirely sure about that. What is Tony
"Uh-huh, sure."
"Which is fine, until you malfunction," Steve told her, provoking Tony.
"There's no guy in this school who wouldn't date her given half a chance..."
"That was just simply bad carpentry."
“You’re in a suit, I don’t necessarily think that any of that would be useful, Tony.”
Odin was dead, and he was welcomed back "home". But Loki's new home was between his simple rural village now, and Thor (after some nagging) accepted that.
"Why?" Bucky simply lifted the little finger on the prototype and let it fall.
truly...?" Phil is so confused.
"Don't make me laugh!" Bucky jumped to his feet so fast Tony only saw a blur of him until he grabbed Steve. "If you want to break up, that's fine by me, but don't you dare! Blaming it all on me, as if it wasn't you who wanted someone else in the first place!"
Tony couldn’t believe Obi was his mate. But he never was separated from the Alpha for such a long time, not since he presented. And it was just Tony’s luck. Finally getting away from him just for a while, only to find out he can’t even do that because it was literary killing him.
So he went to Midgard when Thanos asked. And he was ready to use the Chitauri spell, which was forbidden for thousands of years now, and with good reason.
"Actually, I hadn't told this anyone, but he saved my life," the Captain told Thor, and in turn, he met with Loki's tiny little kitten teeth next.
"I'm not as perfect as people assume I am either," Rogers seems to take pity on him and steers the topic slightly.
"It's something that may or may not help defeat Thanos, so I won't take no for an answer," Tony told him, and he was right, if it was Thanos related, Steven had to go.
"What are you even on about, I... what?" Tony, didn't get it, but by then Rhodey was gone.
"But then what?" Tony didn't understand.
, maybe we should stay for
"Bullshit, princess," Rocket didn't seem to care though. "Not only we've been watching you two dance around each other for years now, but then I've just heard the big idiot tell you everything a couple of days ago, finally, and you'd just let him leave?"
And, if there wasn't some miracle cure they could find once free, Loki would have to bridge more of a rift between them.
But then, he saw the blond Alpha, telling Obi that no, he would not take a drink before taking Tony for a walk (it was OSP procedure that Omegas were always taken away from their Alphas for a short talk where they could tell “freely” if they were harmed in any way), and when he turned to Tony, Tony felt his crappy heart almost beat out of his chest.
He was furious because he felt like Odin had made a fool of him when Loki had always thought himself so smart. And Odin could only do this because, despite everything, Loki saw a father in him, and cared for him, even still no matter what happened - that wasn't a reason to be ashamed.
"I think you do," Bucky offered as if semantics were their biggest problem. "I'm sure you'd figure a way to get rid of me if you didn't."
Banner didn't look happy.
“I hate when you do this,” Tony shifted his weight so Steve had to help him because he couldn’t even stand.
"Where is he?"
Finally, he notices he didn't even sleep a wink, and he might not know everything, but he knows enough, and he sort of wants to do it. Given everything, he feels it could go either spectacularly, or go up in flames horribly, so he gets a second opinion.
Because it was the Grandmaster's ship that picked them up. And Loki didn't want to think what would the Grandmaster do with them as punishment for the failed escape.
Another thing he immediately liked about Hulk: he managed to scare Loki better than Odin himself.
That earns him a burst of small but surprised laughter from the guys, so Coulson goes on.
"If you think I'd live there and leave my people-"
"You melted into that kiss. We all thought..."
"Relax, he's kidding."
"Steve, you are full of surprises," he said. "But if we don't stop now, I don't think I'll be able to, and we
"Then why, why on Nine Realms bring it up?" Loki couldn't help but smile, even though Steve was, once again, acting mischievously, toying with the God of Mischief himself.
“Hi,” he wasn’t used to Alpha’s addressing him either if it wasn’t another degrading order during sex. “My name is Omega Society Protector Captain Steve Rogers, but please just call me Steve. I’m an OSP officer, and I got the task to check on you this year. I’m an Alpha, but don’t be scared, I’ll probably only take you away from your Alpha for half an hour tops, and won’t let any others get close to you while the interview. I hope you don’t find me intimidating, but if you do, this is an Alpha-spray, you can carry that until we get back. Do you have any questions before we go?”
“Aren’t you just saying that though?”
"I'm not sure he wants me there though. I was just kidding about us dating, but didn't realize he was with Groot all along."
now he had to make sure Quill knew “his place”. First only tried to humiliate Quill with words, but when Quill turned out to be better in banter quick, then he simply beat Quill up, not letting him talk.
As it turned out, he didn’t have to though. He was shocked when Tony told him he wanted to keep the pups, thinking Tony wasn’t ready for such a big step so soon. But Tony told him that with Steve always on his side, he felt stronger, braver, and how he always wanted a family, just never thought he would be ever allowed to have a real one.
Since killing was frowned upon by Thor, and Loki no longer wished to provoke him without a good enough reason, his self-preservation overruling his impulsivity, Loki couldn't just trample on the mortal, he had to get a little bit more creative to punish him.
Loki only transformed to Stark - knowing full well that the original one was most likely away working, and it would be the least suspicious if he was to leave the Tower.
Only when Steve left them after a round of pleasantries did Loki dare to ask.
"No, no, NO!!!" Hulk roared and was pretty much destroying the room in the meanwhile.
"I've told you I liked you the best, why did you think that was?"
"Unless you come to Midgard."
“You know, you keep telling everybody that Hulk is nothing like you, but that’s not true, is it?” Thor asked.
"Wouldn't you try in my place? If someone from your family was dying, wouldn't you try possibly everything to stop it?" Steve had no right to tell her what to do. Even if he was Tony's mate, she could refuse to treat him with something so highly experimental, so all he could do is to try to appeal to her hoping she'd understand.
"But of course, sir. And I'll get the first poster to you as soon as we have it," Phil promised.
"We can't do this anymore. I can't. It reminds me of all the things I've lost."
“I love you too, Tony.”
Both him and Tony fighting, although neither of them had time to recuperate properly after Steve's Heat, and then - by the time Steve realized Tony was in danger, Tony used the Stones and was dying.
That didn't stop Loki, who had (a secret) access to all Hydra, SHIELD, and SI emails and was on Bucky's trail just in two weeks again, but he didn't take Steve for this visit.
"I have a problem indeed,
He was gone before Steve could say anything back.
"It means a lot coming from you, especially since I know how you felt about Bucky coming here," Steve told Tony, who hearing this retreated to pretend to busy once again.
"Not my question though. I think that's my kitten, and I want him back."
He also hit a wall in growing his powers. Or maybe, it should be better said that he was standing in front of a metaphorical door, and he knew that if he opened it, he'll know unimaginable powers he hadn't before.
And, he only closed his eyes for a brief second to take a couple of deep breaths, but when he opened them back up, he was huge as a house, with a protruding belly, pregnant.
"All I'm saying is, if he wanted us dead, he could have swept the floor with us when we attacked his clone by mistake first."
"I asked Quill to go to the prom with me," Gamora said. "But he told me he'd rather go with someone else."
"Yeah, but let's be honest here: I'd only embarrass myself," Bucky flashed a grin at him. "My point is that the hero history remembers and the person who Steve is are different."
He would have taken Thor's pain away and suffered it a hundred times over still if it meant that Frigga was smiling at him proudly, and Odin didn't have any negative comment on Loki or his magic.
Finally, Steve all but had to do a whole mural to fix it, but it wasn't so bad. It had been way too long since he drew anything, and even if in this case it had to be something to reflect Tony's style, it was more of a fun challenge than an annoying restriction.
"I'm resigning," Pepper only said.
"Even if I had a way, not to mention a way without my magic," Loki started. "I don't think I want to change back just so you could kill me."
"That would be very much like you, wouldn't it?"
Even months later he wasn't closer to figuring out Bucky's secret, but Barnes now sent Loki his address first, no matter how many times he moved.
"Or, we could order take out, and skip straight to the fun part," Tony suggested.
"Fair warning: Peter's still living with me, and even though I love him to death, he can be a handful, picking up guys like Wade..."
"As if you don't know already."
"It's faint but it's definitely there," Strange announced after what felt like years, and Steve released a breath he didn't even know he was holding. "Now, step back. I'll try my best."
"If it is, it's the other way around, given that now I'm just a humble human being, and you're the strongest magician on the planet," Tony told him.
“No, you don’t get it,” Tony jumped out of bed, to his feet. “Look! I’m good as if nothing happened! The doctor told me I’m missing an Alpha or I’ve been rejected by one, but I thought it was Obi.”
"That's enough," Steve stood, just as Pepper jumped and slapped Tony so hard the sound almost echoed in the deep silence now that Vision stopped the movie.
“My point is that we have to stay sharp and strong and keep whatever we were doing and maybe even more. And this time I won’t take any slacking from you Mr, no matter what happens, even if we kill each other, we don’t break up the team, deal?" Tony was even holding out a hand for him to shake.
"Does he always talk instead of you?" Quill asked Groot now, instead of answering.
"Please don't," Steve was worn out, and they were getting along just as so fine lately, the last thing he wanted was to jeopardize that.
Maybe that was what humans called relief. Happiness even.
“And that’s not… even now that I know that you and he are connected in a grand way, all I can think about is how I want to…”
“I mean it was only an idea, so never mind if you don't like it.”
"I had everything under control."
"Oh crap, Cap, it has completely skipped my mind! Silly me, why let an AI learn anything new at all when I could be slaving my whole life away programming everything I need manually by myself, lagging behind the newest technology always by a decade or two, inviting a higher chance of errors than an occasional inconvenience like this, might I add, when-"
"I'm afraid that's not it, boss," Friday told him. "My language processing is quite sophisticated, and I can tell you weren't entirely forthcoming."
"I see," Rogers says, and he's still smiling, although he seems to be in deep thought.
He just needed someone who would understand if Tony was completely honest, even if the truth wasn't sometimes all flattering, basically answering his own questions after Steve listened for a little while without interrupting his line of thoughts.
"I'd prefer to show you, but you'll notice."
"It's not just about force."
"My dear mortal-mortal enemies, you all look surprisingly well. Should we do something about that, what do you say?" he asked, which earned him some unamused looks, but none of them really believed the threat, and Loki couldn't keep up the facade much longer either, laughing. "Sorry, it was worth a try."
"You know what would help defeat Thanos? If you could finally master the spell that lets you see into the alternate futures, Stark."
"Should we do something about...?" Loki was wondering. In a way, if Jade just adopted Thanos as a baby, he was a grandf- who was he kidding,
"I'm fine. Really," Tony insisted, but he wasn't. So Steve stepped behind him and joined the hug with a little bit of putting pressure on the other Avenger, which was supposed to help with panic.
Suicide rates were off the charts, after all, even though now they weren't reported, or openly talked about.
And hell, Maria must have been right, because Phil quite misses the rest of everyone's names (luckily it's not the end of the world, because it's on their uniform), when Rogers flashes a bright smile at him as a greeting.
"But it is. I'm tempted to ask you out on some pathetic human activity with just the two of us, now that we're finally supposedly free to decide for ourselves, and I'm not sure I like it."
"Maybe, but I also know him well. As you've said, he's a part of me."
"Excuse me, but how was I supposed to know you conveniently forgot to mention something so important before leaving?" Tony scoffed.
"I do-"
"No. I got sucked in because your... darkness is so similar to mine. It's hard to put it into words."
And Steve did try his best to give back just as much as got.
"Thor? Where the hell are we? Where are my clothes?"
"I was thinking of getting an iPhone," Bucky confessed. "Maybe also one of those laptops everyone seems to have now."
"Except, I'm not trusting you with our plan completely alone," Loki reminded him. "And the Hulk hates you. Maybe hates you the most."
“You can still help Omegas who desperately need you,” it’s not like Tony didn’t admire Steve’s determination. “But as I’d told you, I’m not like that.”
when Tony was only upright because he didn't have to stand, and noted.
"I don't think we'd start your training from the beginning, or waste time on theory," the Doctor must have sensed his reluctance. "I'll just show you what you can do, and you'll have to figure out how to do it yourself. My body's muscle memory should probably help you. But in turn, I want your phone number."
Tony expected if he was ever defeated it would be by combat, not words.
“You're seeing things. I don't know why you can't just let this go...”
"You don't want that. I can be brutal," Loki grinned. "But I'll tell you this: maybe my idiot of a brother was right about one thing. Midgard has some certain qualities I overlooked."
"Well, it's only true. And I'm responsible for their health."
"Oh, here we go again. The next thing I know I'm to blame for the extinction of dinosaurs. Or secretly assassinated Kennedy. Or personally sponsored the fifth Twilight movie," Tony was on a roll as far as he was concerned. If Cap didn't get half of his references it wasn't his problem.
"I..." Peter starts to tell him that he did, but Phil glares, and Peter corrects himself. "...haven't read a thing. And I always have some conversations like this with my subjects, it helps me to capture their real personalities better, and-"
Also, even though he wouldn't admit it, it felt exceptional to be petted, and the Captain had a smile on his face while doing it, like a little black ball of fur was the cutest thing he'd ever seen, and Loki made a mental note that he could just as well use it later.
And suddenly, it wasn't just them anymore, but all the Avengers joining them, sometimes even guests. Pepper and Happy often showed up, but then, when once they arrived together, it turned out to be catastrophic.
"Weirdly enough, I like kissing you this way better."
"So, we're going to be okay, then?" Thor asked.
And, for a couple of days, it seemed like he got what he wished for, but it also meant Steve was conscious around him like never before.
A witch fell on Sakaar, and resisted capture going against all sorts of weapons Sakaar had to offer only using her magic but still winning - the first sign she was capable. Second, she not only managed to get Grandmaster to give her accommodation and food, but she wanted money. Lots.
"And what about Groot?" Quill didn't know why he was about to send the only two people away who wanted to sit with him now, it seemed, when just days ago he was so lonely he almost asked Yondu if he could come with for Yondu's poker night.
"OH. MY. GOD!"
"Still," Quill insisted. "You'd made it very clear you can't even be caught dead in my presence..."
So, now Stark stood between all magical threats and Earth in Stephen's body, with no knowledge of even the basic spells, while Strange who had the knowledge, was trapped in a body that didn't have the power to execute it.
"Are you... okay?"
"But that's no use-"
“I’d like to think so, yes,” Tony still didn’t let him go and Steve didn’t want him to either.
"So this was after your kidnapping. And you had no idea I was your match until... when?"
"And we still will," Quill said. "All we have to do is make sure that Rocket's parents don't know about it, 's all."
Steve froze hearing that.
"I'm into men. The internet tells me era is more tolerant, but you can understand why I kept it a secret in the past."
Except, Erskine was killed, the war wasn't waiting for Steve, and once it wasn't a condition for Steve to take the Serum, Steve told the government that he won't do it.
"It matters! The more we can get the better, so I wouldn't have to buy the boys uniforms with my own money!" Fure tells him, and Coulson realizes it's true, and he's been doing that for a while. "But the Principal is adamant that sports aren't that important, and you can only sell so many baked goods a year, and people keep graduating high school, how dare they, so if you have a better idea, out the fuck with it."
And, to make matters worse, Bucky was looking at him with an expression that indicated that no matter their previous disagreement with Cap, they still were in complete agreement about this.
"I came here with a resolve to not leave until I got at least a date out of you," Tony admitted.
“I’m so sorry… I-“
"I'm sorry too. I truly believed it was best if you'd have never found out. At least now you know why I wanted to have distance from you sometimes," Bucky explained, hoping this meant he could get it.
"You, and the right thing in one sentence?" Steve tried not to laugh, but it's not like he did a good job covering it up.
"I busted you out, and you were ready to save me," Bruce then told him. "So the curse is broken."
“You didn’t know, but you knew I didn’t have a knot. Why did you think that was?” Steve felt just as confused as Tony looked.
"I'd prefer not to be in your debt after today," Tony shrugged, when the software finally communicated his message.
"I wasn't. I was only standing up for myself," Rocket just sneered. "And it won't happen again, so you better take the phone and be glad I don't just take it from you, you humongous idiot."
"The kids love you, of course it is!" Thor only told him, teasing.
"I did, and if I had a choice, I would have only asked where can I sign up for it. As it wasn't, because you volunteered me by yourself..."
"I'm not planning on sticking around that long," Bucky told him. "But take this as a warning. If you don't leave me alone, I won't just use such a weak artifact the next time."
"And it has nothing to do with the fact that if you design me a new arm, you can probably dismantle it with a single kill-command the first time you even get an inkling I'm losing my mind again?"
If there was an etiquette to tell destined mate the news about your fated connection it surely wasn’t while yelling. But this was worse than dying. Tony could hardly think what kind of a future they’d have. Steve made a fugitive of both them, and safehouse or not, they’d be sooner or later discovered, and Tony was still Obi’s property.
"I know. And it's a great idea."
"Alright, thanks," Quill said. "But only for a while. I'll give it back soon."
"And why would you bring it up now?"
idea. She's so smart."
"I'll do some research on the topic, and get back to you," after all, Coulson can't just back out of the social media manager role now, that he could really help someone, and not just by pointing out the obvious.
"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about," at least, Steve was tactful not to give anything away if Rocket was bluffing.
It's not easy though, juggling suddenly not only schoolwork, the paper, and a new position for which Phil has to do tons of research (you can't just provide reliable statistics out of thin air, without knowing how it works, for instance, and then there's the game and social media strategies he also has to start from scratch), but it's also something new, and maybe - probably - it will help with getting his muse back.
"I fail to see how that can be a bad thing."
Which wouldn't have been a problem if it wouldn't have hit Loki - and the Hulk.
“Let’s get you some food and a bed.”
Rather than acknowledging the image of the most delicate parts of Steve and how Bucky might have wanted to handle them.
"I think she meant you, Tony."
"You should also leave, Steve, and take care of your papers ASAP," Tony looked at him with an expression that was meant to be a cheerful smile but didn't quite turn out like one. "I've checked, and Sam recently registered as an Alpha. Ask him before anyone else does, he's a catch."
He adds two new columnists to his team, Shuri with some cool science and tech news, and sets up a platform for Scott's stand-up comedy videos, and both of them not only do an excellent job, but also get along well with the others, so Phil is pleased, and also very proud of them all, even if the same thing can't be said about his work for the paper lately.
But at least the similarity didn't end there. True, maybe Stark didn't have Strange's memory, but he had the same curiosity, drive and when even those ran a little low, could be provoked into learning new things just by presenting it as a challenge.
"No you don't, and besides, I'm fine," Tony told him.
"You know, Steve, you're one of the few who I know for sure that could have never been my soul-marked, but sometimes still wish were."
"Um, I think your horns are stupid," Bruce said. Loki couldn't help but laugh.
"I'm sorry, but I kinda lost track, which one of you is she talking about?" Tony looked at the other two, making Steve frown.
Loki hoped his eyes conveyed, because he just used all his dwindling magic at the moment for the transformation, so he couldn't just turn back to send Steve to Hel.
"Angry girl! What do you have?" Hulk appeared once when Thor was pretty sure he was dying already, too week to even look up at the green monster.
It was also a procedure for OSP officers to keep their temporary wards very close while questioning, but also taking them to a public place, but Tony still flinched when Steve’s hand brushed to his elbow - just indicating him to follow to a park.
"Good for you," Gamora told him.
"Maybe ask me again after our third date," Tony told them, and Steve couldn't help but think the worst.
"Oh, sorry. I'm not straight either, and I don't hate you."
"I can also cast a spell, so none of the Avengers-"
"Steve, we'll never get to have a free vacation like this again. We'll never have the time between both of our schedules, and you know it. So why not use this? Maybe we shouldn't stay for just
"But you proved me wrong. Had to wreck my ship just to save you from the worst decision of your life..."
"No. I never did."
"I don't have anyone who could report on sports."
"He already has a job," Thor seemed to have an answer for everything.
But not everything was as bad as he first anticipated it. In some cases, the future seemed full of potential and exciting.
"Tiny funny!"
Except, there was that cognitive dissonance again, hitting him hard when Nebula closed her eyes, the same way when Wanda died. A part of him knew it was over, and it was useless to dwell on it, but another part couldn't just accept it.
"Mic drop!" Rhodey was only happy to give Tony shit, no matter the context. "Maybe I'll just have to be best friends with Steve now. Sorry, Tony. It seems you've just passed your prime. I’m sure Steve could introduce you to the said ladies. They might be still from an age where you would have been considered funny."
It was funny because that was the truth. Anything else would have been a lie, and Loki didn't expect anything else but one, given everything else that was going on.
"Sometimes to solve a problem, you have to take a road that leads away from your goal first."
"And I also said no already, while I know nothing about basketball, but... I kind of want to, now?"
Or rather, completely forgotten, once they weren't dying. Although, maybe it was better to be said that they weren't dying - just yet.
, I literally just checked and told you a minute ago," Tony fumed, before letting out a loud sigh, admitting. "That said, I might have given her too much autonomy over her routines, which turned out to be a mistake."
"No."
Which normally would have provoked him to snap at the spectator, but that attitude got him here in the first place. Dependent on the mercy of a mortal, half-beaten to death, far from home, never welcomed back, and with nothing to show for his efforts.
"What?" Coulson's pulse is racing.
"And I still think lying isn't exactly your strong suit."
"I don't even know what that is."
"How very fascinating, and the next thing I know, you're going to show me baby pictures," Loki rolled his eyes. "But if memory serves, you seemed just bright enough to know if you can't give a straight answer to someone, there's always an option of lying."
"I don't know what to tell you, Quill," Groot, however, wasn't any help saying that, and adding an apologetic smile, as if he too was convinced how Quill was wrong.
"Of course."
“The elixir Marvel got me did wonders, and you should know by now, if you want me in bed, all you have to do is drag me into yours.”
"I'll think of something," Tony quickly promised, suddenly way too much conscious about the simple fact how Rhodey could always make him laugh, and now he knew it wasn't just a mere accident. And as always, when in pain or doubt, he had the worst defense mechanism: joking about it. Because if he was grandma, then Rhodey was? "Bye, grandpa..."
"Alright, so what do you want to know? That I care for Stevie more than anybody else? Even myself?" Bucky questioned.
"It's not a date. It's her way of checking up on my mental state. And you don't even have to do anything, just go out, have some food, and don't give her any reason to doubt your mental sanity."
"Great," Loki muttered to himself. "Then get me a capable healer."
"That's not... the word I'd use," Loki didn't have a problem with the Spiderchild, but that was before Jade mentioned him in a romantic context. Now he hated everything about him, dead set to stay on Midgard if he had to, just to make sure no teenager boy would ever dare to look at Jade in the wrong way. Now or ever.
"Oh yeah? I'm the bad guy?" Rocket seemed now angry too. "Because I at least tried to do something? And you say you're poor like it's a fucking privilege, but don't seem to get how things work for us! It's not about the money, but the friends you have! Ronan's father can bankrupt my father in a blink if he chooses to, just like everyone else in this town, so what am I supposed to do?"
"Don't act stupid or I'm going to shoot you, Captain."
"He should be fine, usually he pulls himself together when it's time to fight. I'm sorry your night was ruined though. Next time I'll hide the booze better."
"I didn't ask for your help, and as I remember, we've agreed on something, and you just broke it."
"And what does that mean for me? I'm collecting more of this dark energy because you constantly top it off?"
, the next time you steal my girlfriend, at least you could have the decency to wait a little bit longer after our breakup."
"What are you even talking about?" Steve seemed more confused than angry, and Tony was a bit surprised to learn that even the power couple of the Avengers could have problems like this, but he was much too happy to stay out of it. "The only woman I see almost every day is Nat, and she's only a friend."
"Even now, when I mention it, you can't even acknowledge it just even if for one joke so that we could move on pretending as if nothing happened," and Rhodey seemed more disappointed than upset, but still was about to leave Tony's workshop just the same. "And that's not even the worst part, Tony, but how I don't know if you genuinely can't even guess how it makes me feel, or you just simply don't care."
"It appears we've switched bodies with Stark, Wong," Strange said. "Mr. Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange, and currently-"
Consciously, that is. It was a different matter that she seemed to be dreaming about her old life often enough and had an intuition to like and dislike the same things older Nebula would.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that," Steve at least realized his mistake, making Tony shut up, but still furiously shaking his head.
So, Loki did what he felt was the only way. Blocked the door with some magic, and rushed to Stark to kiss him. Didn't even object when that led to something more, soon Tony pushing Loki down on his bed.
That not only made Tony laugh but also hope again that maybe not everything was yet lost.
"And by us I actually meant you."
And it had a positive effect. Even from a very young age, Loki could take away the pain of others, and make it his own. If he wanted to be honest, sometimes it seemed like it was the only skill his family appreciated.
Which meant that their escape had been just delayed.
"Never mind that," Loki grinned at him. "You shouldn't be here."
"I'm taking boxing classes from Happy."
"But we won't," Jade was living up to her name now because, for one, she was glowing green. And second, she was levitating, and third, when she spoke, it was as if her voice was coming from everywhere. "See it for yourself."
"Captain, I can help save your friend's life," Loki told Steve over the comms. "But only if you leave. You can't see this."
"We also sell stuff with the Avengers' logo on it. It's simple branding, and I can get it done."
"Amongst other things, but... you aren't green, or even close to green," Bruce sighed. "I'm sorry, I thought-"
Then, Barnes not only disappeared but surfaced on US soil again as the Winter Soldier. And not just that, but a monster mind-controlled by Hydra too.
One minute they were arguing (the effect of the Mind Stone, but it didn't take a lot to push them, nor did they know that then), and the next the Helicarrier was attacked by the people Loki's mind-washed men.
"You've also said you aren't that interesting."
“That you either take me back to Obi or I die. He’s my destined soulmate.”
“I have to take you to a clinic, I’m afraid you’ll go into shock if I don’t,” Steve told him, carrying Tony bridal style to the car. “Could it be that you’ve never taken suppressants, Tony? I assumed you did because of what you told me, but… I think you’re having a very strong reaction to it.”
"I was drawn to you more and more because our darkness is so similar. It's not only more like a - for a lack of a better word - delicacy when I meet someone like you, but magically speaking, it also makes most sense that I'm attracted to your darkness because if I take magic that's closest to my own, my magic wouldn't have to convert or change it all to use it right away. And it's even more effective if we're close. I only intended to share your bed for one night, then always swore it won't happen again, or if it did I'd tell you, but... I'm a horrible person."
Which, given the disastrous last couple of days, was just as much of a miracle as Tony's return.
"The Grandmaster isn't known for thinking clearly. If he melts me while I'm in your body, you might die as well."
"I lied to you, Coulson. I do think the exclusive is a good idea, but you wouldn't need to go undercover for that. I wanted some help managing the team, and you've been doing such a good job that I don't want you to quit. Not even after the interviews are done. So think about it?"
Who just flashed an annoyingly bright smile at him.
"You're not a prisoner, but I advise you against leaving."
"I feel a pop song pouring out of my humble being already. It would have the refrain of 'shut up, just shut up, shut up'. Oh no wait, that's already a real song."
“I feel as if I’m dying,” he told Tony, looking at him with anguish in his eyes. “Just like when I lost Bucky. I couldn’t save him, and now I can’t save you.”
"I mean... no, but I wanted to look nice if people will buy stuff with my face on it..."
"There is a chance the world will be ending in the next couple of days, no matter how small," Tony told her, but spoke as if he was talking to anyone but Friday. "She can't keep us locked up if we're needed to stop it. And even if not, I'm sure at one point Clint, Nat, Hulk or Thor would like to use the gym, destroying the door if they had to."
Thor needed to get out of this planet and save Asgard, but the Hulk was right, and he couldn't do that if he didn't have the energy. He only meant to taste the white liquid in the bowl, but once he started drinking from it, he couldn't stop until he finished the whole thing.
“And you knew this was going to happen,” Steve told him. “You knew because I’m guessing it happened many times before. How old are you, Tony?”
Only, she wasn't just capable, but more capable than Loki gave her credit for. She only put up a shield, and the spell bounced back.
"What does it look like? I'm eating," Rocket told him. "Despite your poor upbringing, you seem to be familiar with the concept, so I don't get your confusion."
"Would it matter if we told you you shouldn't?" Clint just lazily asks, just as always, when you think he didn't pay attention, but then sees right through you.
"This means you actually wanna say yes, right?"
"Maybe once you get to know me, you'll figure I'm not as terrible as you seem to think humans are," the mortal seemed to be proud of himself, which was annoying.
"Unless you bought it while I wasn't looking, wasn't it a little presumptuous of you to buy it even before you've talked to me?" Steve couldn't help but smile at Tony. It was so like him to do something like this, and Steve missed it dearly.
"None of that, just stay with me," Tony said, but he drifted away again.
"Or you're only saying it because you're trying to make me feel better given that I've just told you I'll die..."
"You can always choose to be Ronan's best friend now, Groot."
"I got almost killed, as you might expect. Then, out of nowhere, your magic protected me."
"You have to help me. I mean somebody has to, and you're the smartest Avenger, right? So what do you say?"
Tony hated the fact that Stephen was going to die, but part of him knew this was the only reason the Doc showed up that night, so when Strange appeared one day with a "we have to talk", Tony could only hope it wasn't about how Stephen wanted to break it off.
"Or at least that's what he told you when you were being insufferable as you can be sometimes. But he cares about you, Quill," Rocket told him.
"So what are you going to do now, Captain?" Thor seemed to be unfazed by that comment.
Tony decided that was just enough to hear, didn’t want Steve to think about that, so he kissed the Alpha. It was sweet, but as Steve pulled him closer, it was quickly over when he saw how Tony was hurting.
"I'm... sorry. I get it if you... want me to leave," Loki told him, even though, he had a feeling he was only alive because Tony was close to him now. Close enough for Loki's magic to take some dark energy from him, even when Loki was unconscious.
Or at least that's what he told himself. But when the good Captain was gradually losing the fight, and he was too preoccupied to notice that a soldier was about to shoot him from behind, Loki's legs moved on his own.
"You don't wield the Time-Stone for a number of years without not having some insight," the Doc told him.
"That's a good start. If you still want me."
"What the hell could I possibly give to you on your birthday next to match this?"
Also, waking up to someone petting him felt so good that Thor tried to get closer to Hulk's hands, asking for more, making the green giant laugh.
"Have you met us?" Rhodey asked with no dignity. "Even back when you had a working heart, and I had my legs, we were always just..."
In a way, it was lucky he didn't do something worse, only leveling the Sanctum in a shockwave when his panic - at least it must have been - triggered a huge burst of energy release, which Stephen could barely shelter himself from, even a simple shield is pushing Stark's body to its limits.
"Yeah?"
"They kinda grow on you, even though I wouldn't call them my friends to their faces, but they are my family now. Not unlike Thor is yours, even if not by blood..."
And Loki quickly got away from the location, but unlike Midgardian weapons, the Chitauri weapons could hurt him, and taking a hit straight on slowed him down. Not to mention, when he kept on fighting - the battle had barely started, just as he told the Captain - he got other injuries as well.
"I remember you saying 5 minutes, about 20 minutes ago, so now it's your turn to shut up, Tony," Steve told him, while Bucky prepared himself for the second strike.
"It's what people do, or so I have been told," Tony said, with a small, amused smile hiding behind his features and Steve was tempted to kiss him again just then, but Tony had a point, and they should be all present if anything was going to happen - at least in the beginning.
"Make a move, Lokitty, and I'm going to bust you out of the room. Through the walls," he said, and when Loki tried to pretend he didn't get what was happening because he was just a cat for real, he added. "Steve told us. And it's not every day that cats appear in hospitals. If you were a human, you'd know."
"Well, neither am I, and I'm telling you-"
Steve shook his head.
"That's the problem. I don't."
"You told the villagers I was a vampire," Bucky evaded Loki's tent without even announcing his presence first, clear on how Loki wouldn't invite him in if he did.
That said, purchasing a phone proved to be one of his best ideas, a welcomed distraction when he got too locked up in his head.
close?" Bruce's face was pure horror then, and understanding what he must have pictured, Thor could only laugh.
"Ah, because it's so often that people need their cars to be lifted by a man?" Tony couldn't help but point out.
+ In this version, Alphas can mark Omegas just by biting but not doing the deed itself. Just thought you guys should know. XOXO
Still, he had to release a major speech recognition upgrade to Friday's software just last month.
And with Wanda, he couldn't do anything about it.
The first weakness Loki found, so he wasn't about to waste it.
"Leave it, Rabbit. Steve had made his choice, and he doesn't like me like that."
"I want to be with you. I can't promise I'd change, but..."
"If anyone, I'm sure you can figure it out, Cap," Tony patted his shoulder, turning back to his work. "Just whatever you do, don't take any relationship advice from me."
Still, Loki did. He had a good, slow, and calm life now. He lived true of his real nature, not continuing with the story Odin forced on him. But it was still a very fragile system, while Loki's feelings for Bucky simply weren't.
Bucky was in the gym showers, already through with his morning workout, but still feeling restless.
"No, I suppose you would have mentioned it if only to rub it in my face."
"We're more like co-workers, Mr. Stark, sir."
If there was no other way out, and Friday wanted them to have a cozy little chat, she shall get it, Tony thought.
Loki was about to throw up. Having a child with this ridiculous of a person was worse than having a Frostgiant baby.
"For the record, I'm not his friend," Gamora appeared out of nowhere. "But I couldn't help but overhear, and all the other tables are full, so mind if I sit?"
"Me too," Steve told him, but now he wasn't just kidding either.
Steve gave him a look of disbelief and might have questioned him about that, but Tony didn’t let him. Kissing him once again.
spell. It was a spell that would make the caster's most desired wish come true. Since Strange wished for Thanos to be defeated the most, it fit.
So, Loki tried another way.
But right after they signed, Tony dropped by in his suit, unannounced. He looked older, but since they hadn't any major threats in the last years, he looked more relaxed. Maybe happy? They didn't keep in touch so Steve wondered if maybe Tony finally fell for May, and now they were mated for "real".
"You already have an editorial post in the high-school newspaper, as well as reporting on news that matter."
"Don't. Just because the world is ending..."
He also realized that if he didn't like something, and would make a pathetic little noise of discontent, Hulk would give everything Thor could ask for from more food to more petting, and that made life that much easier.
And it's not an exaggeration either, and this time, Phil thinks it's kind of endearing to watch him eat all the food he'd ordered.
For better or worse, it was a part of his identity. It was a very closely guarded secret only a few government officials knew. And Steve wasn't judged based on his secondary gender anymore, everyone assuming he was an Alpha, so he was free to act like one if he wanted.
Bucky had his reasons to try to keep away from Steve, but thing was, nothing was more important than Steve.
"You might have realized you're in a better mood because of my magic when I'm around. And you mistook it for what humans call attraction when it's just a kind of automatic reaction," Loki said. "Not to mention, due to the constant transfer of energy between us, now we have a shorter, faster way of connection, and could very well be that you can feel my addiction to the process resonating back to you, even if you aren't magical."
“You rejected me when even in Heat you wouldn't take me,” Tony spelled it out for him, upset. “So I got sick. But then last night happened and I’m magically healed! It’s you. It was all along.”
"No offense, but I'd rather not waste hours to get back to the States again," Tony told them.
"You take this, exchange it for Vision, come back, and you'll live happily ever after," he told her.
"You should consider yourself lucky. My first thought was to kill you."
Only to wake up with Bruce trying to sneak out from under his arms in the morning, but waking Thor in the process.
"Uh-uh, and the last time I got an intricate knife that was specially designed just for me by the blade-smith, he refused payment telling me it was my wedding present?"
Except, when the movie was over, and Buck carried the softly snoring Steve to his bedroom, Steve reached out for his wrist, and pulled him not only to his bed but to a kiss.
"If the next thing out of your mouth isn't how you have a very easy way to turn me back, I'm gonna flip," Stark, however, seemed to be more agitated than Strange himself. Which was funny, because having Strange's body and powers was no reason to freak out.
"I think you'll live," was Barnes's only remark, but Tony thought he was just compared to his father, and judged to be far less capable.
That Strange and Loki had their anniversary then, surrounded by family and friends, and it was perfect. Except when Loki made a joke about how it felt too long for Strange and him to be together still, and the adult Jade told him it's been only 3 years because they kept wasting time dancing around each other.
Not that it did any good. Obadiah’s punishment was never so bad before, and all that changed was that Tony couldn’t move for weeks after the incident. He was resolved not to build anything ever again, but then he didn’t get any food for a month.
So he began the incantation, and at first, he didn't think it worked at all until he didn't wake in the Avengers Tower - as Tony Stark.
And that was enough for Rocket to attack Ronan then. Both of them were seniors and about the same height, so it should have been an even fight, but Rocket seemed almost wild with fury and could have seriously hurt Ronan if not for Groot pulling him off the other teen.
"Don't avoid the answer just tell me, I'm not a child I can take it."
But then, Vision had this theory that you can only save someone's life and be saved in return a number of times before an unavoidable trust is formed, and that trust meant they then began to communicate freely - sometimes.
It was more likely he read it from Tony's irritated posture or pained face.
without his cutting sarcasm?"
They had been together for just half a year but seemed as if it was always that way when the army had conducted a search and rescue with Rhodey in the suit, and the media got a whiff that there was an exciting new tech that was flying around and Rhodey had to do something with it.
"Same."
"Isn't it? Midgard has plenty of stranger couples, even men," Thor shrugged.
Not that it changes anything. Coulson has his strengths, but he doubts any of them is what Steve is looking for in a guy, so.
"Maybe start with something smaller."
Thor wasn't going to trust that, and wait it out in Loki's quarters, hidden away. So he went for a walk - and got almost trampled by the Grandmaster's men marching up and down on the corridors, looking for him.
"Good," Loki tried to pull himself together. "Jade - we know you can hear us. You can't keep this up. There's a very, very bad man who will hurt all of us if you don't let us out."
"No, if it is the problem, then tell me," he commanded.
This time, he didn't even waste any time talking, he attacked Barnes while he was asleep, and he was already reading Bucky's mind when he realized Barnes wasn't sleeping, and it was a trap.
shouldn’t be out of bed...”
"Good plan," Loki could only smirk. "A tiny bit - how did you so eloquently put it? - delusional about the killing part, but I'd like to see you try. Almost as funny as you thinking anyone would actually have a chance to take the Stone from Strange."
"Right," the doctor nodded.
"That if we are going to have a relationship, we better do it now. I mean when we get back. In this future, you look like you're 4500 at least, and we've been only together for three human years. That's worse than if we went for a relationship right after the accident."
"No, I think you owe me a proper explanation," Steve, however, stood there like he was glued to the spot. "I thought you were my friend because you were the only one who saw the real me despite my size, but turns out I was only ever a friend to you because of it?"
"That's what I wanted to tell you in 1970 before they almost caught us. I love you too," Steve quickly said. "Even if I don't know how should we do this, I want it, Tony. I want you."
Steve only laughed inwardly while trying to not look smug that this once Tony fell into his own trap.
" Tony said this more viciously than when he was talking to Pepper holding a grudge. "She's gone. Dismantled completely. Never to be heard from again. Had to dump years' worth of data, so it was almost like with Jarvis all over again, but I've been using Tadashi since, and don't regret a thing."
"Now, that we're once again all best pals, Friday-" Tony would have turned to the door.
Loki only remembered wishing that he could just conjure his knives, even if he couldn't have magic back like ever when he just... blacked out. Woke up with no memory, naked and not happy, because he was still in Sakaar, based on the decor.
"Did Tony talk to you?"
"He'll kill us both in a matter of days," Wong told Strange when he braced himself for the worst, but Stark did it.
"Coffee when you wake up?" Stephen offered and got an amused smile, and for a day or two, he thought that was it.
"No, demigods live on photosynthesis," Loki sarcastically scoffed.
Tony could never be the Alpha heir Howard Stark wanted. If he could have, he no doubt would have disowned his son.
"I wanted to ask you about a woman," Steve decided to come out and tell him right away.
"Are you just repeating whatever I say now?" Tony chuckled. "Maybe we shouldn't discuss anything important after sex then if you're so under my spell still..."
"I mean, why buy stuff with my picture on it if you could spend some time with the real deal, right?" it's as if Steve's a completely different person than just 10 minutes before, so Phil's kind of confused.
He didn't have to wonder much though, because... the Grandmaster deemed Bruce in Loki's body less precious than Loki who could still become his beloved Champion, and was about to melt him.
That was when Steve thought of switching tactics.
"You think it's worth the time? Being more popular on social media?"
"I mean, I get it if you can't, acting as Oz and everything," Tony was babbling now, just to cover up how he might have made a mistake. The Doctor didn't seem like the type who wanted commitment, and Tony should have done it much later, and maybe along with some grand gesture or something. "It was just an idea. After all, you could still portal out if there was an emergency, and otherwise, we could be seeing more of each other with our busy schedules and everything, but you know what, I'll just-"
"I'm really not."
"No, I think I broke something."
"Tony, please, you can't just be okay with this-"
"I'd rather you didn't use it in your rooms. The landing can be rough on the hardwood floors."
"Again, maybe not. And..." Banner started, but Loki saw through him.
"Alright, then we'll do it only later," Tony gave him a disapproving smile. "When both Pep and you don't have your panties on a twist regarding my oh-so-fragile health."
“Me?!
with you or not? You were adamant just before."
Humor was something unexpected by definition, yet still not completely random, because it had to connect to the previous topic - just in an unusual way. Over the line in some ways, yet not way too over to make the listener uncomfortable.
By then he was quite determined to fight his way out if he had to, but losing his temper calmed Steve down. Maybe because he saw how seriously Bucky meant it, but he stepped away from the door.
In all honesty, he thought Rhodey would be in the suit by now, not just talking about it.
"Absolutely not."
"What, women aren't challenging enough for you anymore?"
"My name is Doctor Stephen Strange, asshole," the wizard seemed annoyed, which would have made Loki smirk in response, but now he was too busy even for that. With the sudden unexpected child on the way and everything. "And I'm guessing you used a modified version of Kyriminirghthyz? Without considering the repercussions."
"I'd feel much better if you didn't curse me out of your tent right away, Healer."
But what good did that revelation do now? Never was a drink more tempting than whenever Tony had thought about that, even though he quit because he couldn't take it with the medicine he had to take.
"I haven't said... I do. But this is not the way."
And, they would have kept arguing for ages, probably, but then they were under attack. Thor - instead of joining the fight with Thanos as the others left standing did, even though Thanos was just sitting there waiting - went straight to find the gauntlet under the rubble.
"Yeah, thank you."
The others had already seen the kiss, now the last thing Steve needed was Tony making jokes like this just to annoy him, and the Avengers mistaking it for something it wasn’t. And by the Avengers, he meant mostly Nat, teasing him about his non-existent love life more than enough already...
"You've been lying around, useless for weeks, and now look what you've done! You've upset her!" he looked like he could chop off Strange's head with the relic he was holding for it. "Jade, darling, don't cry, we can have ice-cream if you want..."
"I don't."
"If you already surmised I'm attracted to men, and you're looking for intimidation, not something else, maybe you shouldn't settle in my lap," Barnes surprised him then by saying. If it was a move to distract Loki, Loki himself couldn't have orchestrated it better.
"You're taking this way too lightly," he told Tony. "Trying to prove something to me or yourself, or maybe even Strange, I don't know. But if you pretend to be fine with it, and bury it, it'll only resurface later more viciously and you'll hate me..."
"Um, you can't. Should anyone find you, they'd call pest control..."
"Last chance to change your mind, Sergeant."
"It is."
"I'll stay here," Tony told him. "Pep told me we're one of the few companies who could help people now, so I expect I'll be busy soon enough. You?"
"What is that supposed to mean?" Steve paled, and Tony never would have thought, but now wanted to help them out by asking Friday.
"I thought after Ultron you knew to be careful with these things, Tony," Steve sat down on a bench press, and Bucky already knew this sentence will not bode well before he saw Tony's head shot up from his typing.
Somewhere between the two of them, even the darkest forces were balancing out, and...
"They really wanted me gone, didn't they?"
And it was kinda difficult to stop once it already happened twice as if the count of the occurrences mattered? But they did, and Strange finally managed to break it off after a while with an excuse.
“Do you think you could do without accidentally bonding with me?”
“Ahhh, so you want me to stay, you should have just said so earlier,” Tony teased him with a smile.
When it was all said and done, Rocket put the Soul Stone into a safe container and walked up to Wanda with it.
"I could always target the weakest spot in combat - which is the same as your current one, the join," Tony had to force himself not to just make a sarcastic comment once more, sensing Barnes wouldn't accept the arm otherwise, and he didn't want to spend the whole day just standing there.
"Then are you allowed to move in with me?"
"Delightful," Tony muttered. "Care to share why?"
So Loki used a quite intricate spell he'd read about a long time ago that made one's worst nightmare come true. And, as it was his expectation, the sorcerer wanted to retaliate, but now was just gesturing in the air like a madman.
"Because if we were to proceed with this very pleasant activity, I think I could tell you," Steve suggestively pushed Loki into the bed, and Loki loved it.
"Or, I'll can just stop working now," Steve pointed out.
"I assure you, the faster you learn, the less time you have to spend in my company," Strange told him.
Rocket did what he could: he laughed. He was still laughing when he got the Soul Stone in return, and when Bruce undid the snap and he got Groot and everyone back.
"It's good to be back," Vision could only say, but when that made Wanda tear up again, he added. "Being alive means I'm one step closer to reaching my dream of becoming a stand-up comedian."
And the dating pool outside the conventional soul-mark bonding was just a series of one-night stands. Everyone who gave up on their mark for one reason or another was clear that they might never get a chance for something real, so none of them even tried, Tony included.
The only thing he could do was jump between the threat and the Midgardian, taking a hit. When the Captain noticed, it was funny, because Loki couldn't have told which one of them was more surprised by the sudden turn of the events.
"Huh." Now that it was put in this way, Loki couldn't help but think that the wizard had a point. And Loki had lost to that gang, so what did it say about him? "So what do you think about me?"
"I guess you are."
"Actually, Rocket told me about your newfound hobby, and I'm just kidding," Wanda told him with a smirk, then kissed him. "Although not about the siblings part, maybe."
"Would you prefer Mr. Barnes or James?"
Turns out if the bad guys try to blow you into pieces, even if you don't take serious damage, but manage to badly bite your tongue on impact, you're toast.
Somehow Rocket turned out to be a good dancer, so not only did they pogo a bit, but soon they were having a dance-off while... not really competing. At least, the way Rocket looked at Quill was completely distracting.
So when he had to go back to school, and Ronan was about to flush down his comics on the toilet, Quill jumped him first, even though he knew he had no chance to win.
“I also wanna tell the others. And I would like to give you a Starkphone so we can chat even when we aren’t together, but also so I wouldn’t have to watch you continue using that piece of crap you currently have. And I have to travel to California next month, maybe you could come with me? I know it’s sappy but I don’t wanna be unable to see you for two weeks, and it’s not like back when I could just use the Quinjet to fly back and forth easily...”
"I'll think about it," Steve promised, but he knew he wouldn't.
"I'll do that. You just heal whatever damage you can after," Steve told him.
Tony sat down next to him, breaking his own rule about answering questions because he didn’t.
"About Bucky," Steve kept his gaze on Tony's reaction rather than the words that were coming.
On the other hand, how Loki was only more drawn to him than ever wasn't.
But Quill couldn’t complain. Yondu first only adopted him to look more credible with a son, but - unlike all the other foster kids before - still kept Quill after he became too old to be cute and earn the locals' interest with it.
Just as countless playlists were available in the music app, which he usually used for workouts, or while cooking, and when he decided a fine way to ignore any worries he happened to have was to dance himself out of the shower early in the morning as if no-one was watching because nobody was.
"And I don't want to aimlessly float around in space for years, even if I could perhaps survive. Which arguably won't happen, because there's a difference between a cold planet and cold space."
"I'm almost healed, and clearly just a burden," Loki thought better about it, now looking for his clothes Steve hid somewhere. "So I'll leave..."
And Steve has been acting way too perfect. In Tony's dictionary that could only mean he was hiding something.
"So that we can reopen old wounds, and cry in each other's arms," Tony took another bite from the horrid thing just to stop himself from talking.
"Tony, I-"
The Sorcerer Supreme, with the magic of the Time Stone, couldn't be surprised. Even when the Ancient One couldn't foresee her death, she must have had a very good guess what would happen.
“Now you know you don’t need my permission to do anything, actually,...“ Steve started, but then Tony pulled him into a hug and wouldn’t let go.
"Right, I'll open a portal."
"I doubt that," Stark told him. "The kid is simply here because he cannot follow a simple order."
"Also, which player is it?"
He was exaggerating, but it seemed to have struck a chord on Bucky's side because just thinking about it, he visibly flinched. He truly thought he was a grave danger to Steve, but why?
"Tony, don't you dare leave me like this," Steve was sobbing like a child.
"Stealing, Quill, really? Let me do you a favor and report this to the teachers. You don't belong to a school like this anyway, so I expect you'd be better off somewhere else."
The first time it happened before New York. Steve barely knew Tony then, and they got off on the wrong foot right from the start.
"I love it. And I want to pay you back by giving you the best night of your life."
“But that doesn’t mean the police and the OSP isn’t after us, and maybe even mercenaries that Obi hired. We can’t run forever… and…” And destined mates was such a scary concept when they barely knew each other. Just when Tony was free of Obi’s control, now he was dependant on Steve?
And when he saw the arm Tony had cooked up for him, he went to take a closer look at it, then he was staring at Tony without comment as if they had a staring match.
"He won't believe you."
“Omegas deserve to be loved, Tony. There’s no such thing as spoiling them. Whoever gave you the idea that you were undeserving of attention?”
"I'm so sorry, but that doesn't mean-"
"What kindness should I do for you now, to make you leave?" Loki found Bucky sitting next to a fire, while the locals celebrated around them - a child was born, and everyone was drinking. Even Bucky, as Loki noted.
“Fair point, let me rephrase the question. Do you think it would be weird if I slept here tonight?”
Because that's what happened. When Bruce Banner literary dropped in the Sanctum, and he told them Thanos was coming, Stephen investigated all the possible futures, and found none where Earth wasn't doomed.
So he turned back to himself, turned the lights back on, and kissed Steve proving to him that just because Thor didn't know about everything, it didn't mean that Loki had no experience in the arena.
"Wow, if she can do this now, imagine what she'll be like when she's older."
It wasn't exactly easy to earn back Mad Titan's trust after the New York fuckup, but Loki was an expert in dividing and conquering and didn't exactly feel sorry for the Black Order members who got caught in the cross-fight.
Finally, he fastened his necklace on his hand and worked on Tony for about 30 minutes. Then Steve took Tony to Dr. Cho who also spent three and a half hours operating on him, but the tissue damage and the burns were just the tip of the iceberg.
"You're lying and having fun doing it now, aren't you?"
He also wanted to send Peter to get Strange, but the Doctor was already there.
And his memories of their time together were profound ones, so... Who was he kidding. He was completely losing this battle trying to fight Bucky.
"I could teach you things that would blow your mind away then. Maybe literary."
And they managed to get as far as the hangar where they would have stolen the Grandmaster's ship, but unfortunately, it was guarded not only by the security system, but also magic - the works of the witch, by the looks of it.
“Me? I kept waiting for you to bring it up but then grew tired of waiting. Seriously Steve you’re supposed to be in charge now, ordering me around...”
"Stop it."
In the past, Howard at least was good for figuring clever applications for the newest tech and sell it, but his glory days were way past now, being a drunk (blaming Tony for ruining his life with his status).
But Thor appeared and he still wouldn't see Loki as a monster, and maybe it was enough for just one person to believe that for Loki to stop, or maybe he wasn't going to do it anyway? He knew what was the price of any war too well as an Aesir, a Frost Giant, and a magic-wielding being, and while he had no choice to ignore his past, he didn't want to be the reason for anyone on Midgard to end up the same.
"But let me guess, you haven't told her," Rhodey gave him a disapproving look.
"Not really, but that's beside the point."
"I don't care about the sales, I was just asking about you."
"Look, that's only because if you could tolerate me, Bucky would be no doubt just a win for you."
"You aren't?" Loki sardonically asked. How was it that Steve could kiss him like there was no tomorrow than carry on as if nothing happened? "And how do you know it would be a one-time-only thing? I haven't said anything..."
"Yeah, like you'd know."
"You're right, it's just the pain talking, which you're supposed to eliminate, doing a subpar job if you ask me."
"You're at least less troublesome than Earth's mightiest heroes."
- more irresistible than that," he only got a shy smile from Bucky, and Steve could only kiss him once again in return.
"It turns out that ship has already sailed," Rocket shrugged. "Ronan not only complained to his father but made our life with Groot a living hell last week."
It had to be the possibly weirdest "birth" ever, with Professor Hulk and Tony Stark assisting Vision just about 10 months later, but baby Nebula was healthy, and being reborn as a child also meant that although she had her own memories, her mind didn't use most of the connections that were already there.
"You need to turn into the Hulk," Bruce surmised. "I know him better than anybody else, and can calm him down, once we're far away from here."
Steve's mind was racing, trying to come up with a solution.
"But also the truth. I'll call Dr. Cho to check on you."
“I want to nominate you and the new CEO,” Steve found Tony in his workshop, almost too busy to appreciate when Steve kissed his neck.
"Maybe that's why you need the Hulk."
“I’m sorry, sometimes I wonder how I got so lucky to have you.”
"I think I've met the main story already, and I love her," Wanda looked at Nebula playing. "And I'm glad. Maybe you could also carry all her siblings we're going to have."
Except, Quill was probably the last to know that Ronan now was picking fights with Rocket all the time, and he tried to get other students to do the same as well, and Rocket and Groot's lives were slowly but surely turning to a living hell because of Quill.
Phil absentmindedly looks at Fury as if waiting for his approval, but it's just a stunt to avoid eye contact with Rogers, who keeps looking at him still.
"Shit, I do," Tony admitted with an awkward laugh.
Until
"Personally, I was waiting for Coulson to introduce himself as well."
"I put a tracker on your phone for your safety, and when I got an alert that you left the Tower without telling me, I thought you were taken against your will. I dropped everything, rushing here, only to find... I heard you. Didn't sound like talking."
"Because I won't have another chance and we both know it."
But, he's also so sincerely apologetic and nice in the morning when Phil's mom finds them still next to each other that she's charmed and not only lets Steve stay where he is, but even years later, when they visit Coulson's parents for the holidays, she still remembers what Steve likes to eat at it takes it up on herself to make all of his favorites - while none of Phil's.
"I'm talking about everyday conversation. As good as
"I didn't."
"No, I won't," Steve chose this moment to wake up, and even though it was apparent he could barely speak, he took Loki's hand. "Stay. At least until I can be sure I'm not just hallucinating you on the drugs they're pumping into me. I've spent years trying to find you. I never should have let you go, Loki. If it takes me to be half-dead to see you, and you leave, I swear to god I'll just get into more trouble the next time."
"What?" Vision dutifully asked.
"If I can safely add a more nuanced speech recognition coupled with an ever-growing database of behavioral patterns, it could distinguish between Nat and Clint flirting and fighting," Tony explained with a sigh.
Expect when Steve counted back, he didn't activate his device, and Steve - guessing this would happen - didn't either.
If not somebody better for Steve, given his popularity that only miraculously grew after he took Coulson's advice about how to come out on the proper social platforms.
"You aren't supposed to be insulting me. But then let me say this: For someone who claims to be a god, your motivations are quite simple, aren't they?" Bruce started, and Loki couldn't help but ask.
"He's Gabe, and we were just having a chat," Bucky tried to remember, but all he had was a username and a hurried introduction.
"Well, it's not easy to predict, but if you wanna do it, and you time it right, and we chose the platform wisely, then... it can be done. Although just to be clear, it's not what I've meant to suggest."
"For the record, I've never worked for Tony," Steve was irritated, but he also noticed Thor was just giving him a mischievous smile. He provoked Steve on purpose with that, feigning that he didn't know that only. So seeing that, Steve only added. "I don't know. Might just retire. Maybe some fast-food restaurants are hiring or something."
"No, seriously. I think you'd have a real chance with Gamora now, and you like her."
“Um, no? This may come as a surprise, but I don’t usually run DNA tests on my partners, and don’t even ask them, because it’s pretty clear what I am, and they can tell me if they feel like I should know. But after years, you could have at least mentioned it...”
Not that Barnes necessarily indicated that what he wanted it for, but Tony was convinced they were having sex ever since Barnes moved into the Avenger Tower, Cap demanding them rooms next to each other way too vehemently.
"You could have called ahead, Doc," Tony seemed to be surprised to see him, but also glad. "Or after the crisis is gone, you've already got rid of my number?"
Steve didn't even try to hide the information Tony's comment no doubt were looking for.
Obadiah would stay in the room to make sure Tony would never be marked. Only partaking in the action by watching Tony’s humiliation, enjoying breaking him far more.
"Ah, I'm glad you've rephrased because this is so much better to hear," Loki sarcastically noted.
"Love you. Or if I'd see that it would end badly, I wouldn't even come here. Decisions that could be life-altering in my life. I'm also not able to see those, not just my death."
"I haven't got the slightest."
Loki expected the same reaction as before, at least, but the Captain seemed to have a different composure now for some reason, laughing. And not just a mere chuckle either, but a wholehearted belly laugh.
"Except that's hardly true," Valkyrie appeared, accompanied by Heimdall. "The village could do just fine without your brooding face, your Majesty."
"She told me you tried to cheat," the Grandmaster turned to Loki, so he must have been informed about the spell.
"And it's not a good timing now anyway when you've just learned you've lost your brother, and used the Stones, but..."
The Winter Soldier was supposed to be a soulless killer who was conditioned to obey the commands of Hydra. Yet, he not only didn't kill Steve, at one point he even fished him out of the river, saving his life.
So somehow one mission turned into a dozen, and after a while, even Stark began to tolerate his presence, even if he was never as naive as the Captain to trust Loki, but that was only smart.
"...I seem to have a recollection of all the places where your body is sensitive."
The more time they had to spend together, the more Strange was conscious of how similar they were, seeing himself in Stark, and not just because Tony now looked exactly like him.
"Maybe you should also interview them."
Not to mention, he
"I trust you already can guess what I'm thinking about you anyway," Loki was in so much pain it wasn't really making it easy to even just talk, not mentally function.
This way, he lived, but also... Upon hospitalization, when Doctor Strange examined Loki, he'd found the very much 1, existing 2, established and 3, strengthened the connection between Loki and Tony, and he asked Tony about it, assuming he knew about it.
Disappearing with Bruce next, maybe even dating him for years before they faced the whole Ultron fallout. Only to unexpectedly manifest in Steve's quarters right after they won in Sokovia - manhandling Steve back to his bed.
And when Loki had managed to overpower the Winter Soldier (with the help of the Avengers only, although he'd never admit it), and spell Bucky's mind back, Barnes was hurt.
"Then we'll just leave when all your other friends decide to show up," Rocket sat down anyway, and Groot followed his lead by smiling at Quill.
Also breaking up with Pepper after New York, over a simple disagreement when she told him she wanted for Tony to stay safe, and Tony told her she had no right to "order him around like a common Omega", yelling (even Steve could hear in another room, trying hard not to listen in).
But Tony wasn't hiding behind impenetrable walls now as he usually did. Making Steve feel like he had to take the chance, or he'll never get another, so he kissed the other Avenger, while Tony only kissed him back with more fervor.
“I thought that was only a legend,” Steve stared at him. “Tony, I’m so sorry. If you want to go back-“
Steve only shook his head.
," Tony noted. "And I kindly ask you to stop communicating on the speakers of the room and direct all your answers to only me, on the screen. No offense, but the
"And here I thought you'd like it, but then it turns out you..." Tony couldn't help but fake-complain, and he couldn't even finish the sentence because Rhodey had kissed him again, and Tony could only kiss back.
Bucky would have retired on a farm in the middle of nowhere had it been not Steve who told him to come back.
"Come on, Doc, you like yourself just as much as the next guy, and weirdly, it's hardly any different than if you do the same alone, given that I have your body... Not to mention, you must be bi, so..."
"Now I don't know where that came from, I never told him anything about a wedding."
"I owe you one, remember? So..."
"I... can't handle delicate things, afraid I'll just crush them if there is a sudden twitch."
And, she knocked them out, even Loki who was further away than his clone, not expecting her power to reach him.
"From what your Terminator pal told me, your list of movies could use a serious makeover," Tony, of course, would say that.
"So what, you'd found me, and thought you'd always wanted a demi-god as an exotic prisoner?"
"And here I thought sorcerers weren't truly monks," Stark was doing the same thing as Stephen when he tried to get Tony to do something he resisted, and then Strange challenged his ego a little bit, and even though Stephen knew this, it still worked.
"I was thinking more of shutting up or have me place a pair of my socks in your mouth just to shut you up."
The only thing Quill even remotely liked about this school was Film Club, because with Yondu, they seldom even had cable, so no matter what the  club chose to stream, Quill almost definitely never had seen it, no matter how old the movie was.
As fun it was to live on Sakaar, the Grandmaster sometimes could be fickle, who would even sell his mother for some entertainment if he was bored. Loki understood this sentiment perfectly and managed to navigate his testy moods most of the time, but then, it couldn't be expected to last forever.
"I don't want you to change," Steve told him. "If it's not the crazy sex where we don't have the choice but to do it like in 1970, I... I think I'd prefer you to top me."
"Hey, if you aren't here just to look pretty, take this," and he threw something at Loki, who first assumed it would be a bomb or a grenade, but it was an earpiece with Avengers chatter. "Hey Cap, Loki's here, where should I send him?"
Having an oaf for a brother? Loki somehow had his doubts about that.
But if some tricks didn't work on him, Loki would just have to be more creative, figuring what would.
"... then you should get her out of here, and let me deal with the rest," Loki finished, and that cooled Strange's temper down as well.
Because it's who Steve was. It was also part of the reason why Peggy meant so much to him. She knew him as the "real Steve", but still loved him.
"You know what I just realized today on the field?" Steve one night told him.
"Charge a good price for the posters, and make sure the people trying to get them don't trample each other to death, will you? Ross wouldn't like that."
If he wanted to escape, it was as good a plan as any, and if Hulk kept him fed so he could keep up his energy until he had a chance to run away then it was fine.
"But? I'm too perfect for you too, just as I am for the people on the internet?" Steve asks. "Because I can be a jerk, if that would give me a chance with you, so..."
Not thinking much of sleeping next to Thor every night when everyone was cramped into such a small space together, only getting somewhat of a surprise when they had defeated the next 5 space-maniacs and there was nothing left him to do, and Steve asked Quill for a lift to return to Earth.
At least their quid pro quo system worked wonders until it maybe worked too well. Stephen couldn't place the fact when Stark suggested something more based on that system that they were already doing.
"He stabbed you though..."
Until Bucky stood, and closed the distance between him and Tony, pulling him to a crushing hug without explanation.
"No, I'm not telling you anything."
And, the most annoying thing was that Steve, a stranger who Tony met 5 minutes ago was way more understanding than any Alpha around Tony, ever. He offered everything Tony could want, but it was impossible for someone like him. Even if Steve believed he could rescue Tony, his higher-ups would never let that happen.
"Right."
"But you've seen my military record a thousand times, you knew my mark, so when you were told yours have changed."
"I doubt it, and for the record, even Strange said you wouldn't, and he kinda hates you now because you got all the credit of defeating Thanos," Tony told him. "But as long as that's true, you're kind of one of the best things that ever happened to me."
"It wasn't meant to be a curse."
"Trying to get rid of your best friend as well, who likes you even if you're a maniac or boring? You tell me," Loki sat. And it wasn't just a command.
Only stopping after Quill froze on the spot, with his mind blank too.
" Pepper told him. "And I -
Tony might have looked more or less whole, but Dr. Cho told Steve that even the residual Gamma radiation was enough to kill Tony in a matter of days. So as a last resort, Steve insisted that they'd do a blood transfusion.
However, how else could he save her?
"I have better things to do, leave," Stephen didn't want to entertain this. At all.
"Most of the time you're so smart you forget how dumb you can also be."
"But I'm not. Smart," Steve said. "Almost every other Avenger are more qualified than I am."
"Oh. But why?"
Tony sensed how Loki was more distant because of that, and one day when in bed, he leeched on Loki's magic now, almost giving Loki a heart attack.
"It's not, I'd hate to get to the end of the world on an empty stomach."
"No I get that, but... let's just take your jacket off," Coulson suggests, holding out a hand for it. "After all, it's not your CV, so it's meant to be a little bit more casual."
"Don't touch my stuff, Hulk!"
"The paint is for representing the speed," Tony said, mildly offended. "But I'll tone it down to your boring taste, should you want to, I mean..."
"Do you want to hear a joke?" he asked.
But then there was the Captain, taking him everywhere, and even asking Thor for instance what he truly thought about Loki, and there was no way Loki would miss that talk, even if Thor would only tell Steve the usual customary lies.
"As I was saying-" Steve seemed adamant to get any reaction from Tony to his previous sentence, so Bucky stepped in front of him.
"Where is Tiny? Thor scared him away! Thor makes Hulk ANGRY!!!"
"Be careful, the sun is already up," Steve grinned in return, leaving.
"I'd got what I came for anyway."
Steve could have told Tony he should ask Friday that as well, maybe, but then restrained from it, giving up the truth with a sigh.
“Why don’t you tell me if you want something instead?” Steve might have blushed too. He only then realized how hypocritical he was not really thinking himself an Omega as if he was above his instincts, but still waiting for Tony to make the important decisions, not even considering that he could do it just as well.
Either he didn't have a soul-bonded, or they were dead, or living in a country with no administration, or... their marks had been also removed the same was Tony's was, and a fake was registered instead.
Even though the medicine was available to hide people's gender once again, now people weren't taking it. Many found a mate and bonded traditionally when the shortages hit, and just as many wanted to do now the same. Times were changing, and maybe this time not necessarily for the worst.
"You can always threaten to wash him in a machine," he told Tony.
"Careful, I'm a murderous villain in case you haven't heard."
Another thing Tony didn't consider he couldn't be doing without his hands.
"Only if you call me Steve."
"And everyone keeps giving me all these gifts!"
"Just take care of yourself," Bucky told him before he passed out. Falling into a coma as far as Loki could tell with a simple diagnostic charm, close to true death, so...
And when Tony offered to make something to help Rhodey walk again, while Rhodey was honorably discharged, and in need of special physical therapy that Tony insisted he'd pay for just to get the best doctor anyone could get, it was easier to coordinate all three from one place.
"I only left you behind."
“STOP THE FUCKING CAR!” next he threatened the driver. “You might be a Beta, but you can’t drive if I spray this in your eyes either!”
"I'm all ears."
Originally, that's planned after a couple of weeks, but Phil doesn't want to leave just then, so he keeps putting off asking Fury about when should they do it, and Fury is probably only too happy to have some help because he doesn't bring up the topic either.
"We're closer than ever before," and then let Tony interpret it however he wanted to. "But Bucky's gay and I'm..."
Steve was born an Omega but from two long lines of Betas. So not only his health was shaky, but he was never raised to follow traditional Omega etiquette.
"I don't think Barton would forgive me as easily as Thor, no offense. And..." he was about to lie through his teeth how he hated every minute in Steve's company, just to have the last word, but when he looked at the Captain, and he looked truly sad to see him go, he couldn't.
"Vis..."
"There isn't anyone like me."
"Maybe I should get him a display cabinet or some room with my suits."
"Yes, of course, you were talking about the poor lady you've presumably given nightmares just now."
"That's great. But he isn't my boyfriend."
"You're still aren't better at lying, you know."
"No, they count on you returning the Stone, I'm not needed..."
"Let me take a shower first," Barnes could have been irritated, it was hard to tell. But he did reappear smelling clean and with a mostly wet hairdo just minutes later, and followed Tony to the lab without any protests.
"I do, actually. Takes one to know one," Rocket just told him, kissing him before Quill could register what he had said.
"Very funny guys," Quill muttered, but not because now the whole table was teasing him, but only too conscious because although Rocket was pretending to do the same Quill knew him by then, and it wasn't just a joke.
“How dare you, that’s private,” Tony huffed.
"Are you quite alright?" Loki wondered with some hint of amusement.
So he traded a few things around and felt quite accomplished when he got a quite useful (and old too) spell-book for next to nothing.
But Tony was also left-handed originally and had been bought up to use his right from very early on, so not a lot of people would even guess that the mark for "iron" and "man" was just fake.
"Closer to five years," Loki admitted with a guilty conscience.
"I'd like to think I am - no,
"Thank you," Quill said, and this time, he wasn't even sarcastic, but he added. "Not for the phone, because I obviously can't keep that but... for standing up for me."
"If you truly think you can break down the most secure doors money can buy without any explosives, the Hulk, or Mjølnir for that matter, please just do it before I throw up listening to you two flirt. It's like listening to your grandparents or something."
"I have to warn you, for you might be beside yourself because of the pain, oh divine Loki. But you mention my capacities way too often as if you're almost found of them, and we've barely just met."
"I already have a date, remember?" Quill winked at Rocket and was about to leave too, when Rocket got the tray from his hand, putting it on the table, then stepping closer to him than ever before.
Steve thought he could never want Bucky any less and decided to not just tell him that, but show him how true it was.
"But of course," Loki could have rolled his eyes. If only the topic was just directed for a workshop visit, and he could sleep at night.
"There could be plenty of situations where they do. I already thought of three, just listen..." Rhodey said.
"Oh, Wanda..." Vision could only say next. Lost for words because he was so glad to have her back, but there was no need to say more because then Wanda was both smiling and crying, and also kissing him at the same time.
It was though. When Steve chose to become himself again, he had nothing to lose. Now though? It felt like he had a lot of things. Even Thor's friendship and how that affected all the Guardians if nothing else.
"An alien planet? Asgard? I don't even know if Ultron is finally gone!" Bruce seemed to shut down hearing the information.
Time was on Steve’s side, making Tony trust him more and more, and Steve used this trust to show him that what Tony went through never was supposed to happen - and won’t happen ever again.
"I still don't. But it wasn't. It's not going to be."
"By checking on Bucky if I'm not here? But certainly leaving your lab at least once a week to talk to him," Steve suggested.
Giving him a pat on the back could turn awkward in a blink while training, and not knowing how to treat him. Everyone must have noticed because even Thor was giving questioning looks to Bucky, who tried to just ignore it.
"Yeah?"
He fully expected to wake up as Bruce, and was surprised when he didn't even open his eyes yet but felt his magic humming away, very close and ready to obey his whims once again - he was back to himself.
"Maybe? You have to decide for yourself. Every university with sports scholarship says it's the last thing they care about, yet they to investigate it, even if not officially, believe me."
"No, no, we have a deal," Loki couldn't help but say. "I have a way to heal myself..."
“I wouldn’t have a problem with you moving in here either,” Steve accidentally said, even though he knew Tony wasn’t ready for something like that when up to that point, he wasn’t even comfortable staying in Steve’s after they were finished.
"In a way, we're lucky," Nat told him one day.
"It's called artistic freedom Steve, now chop-chop, before Rhodey sees, or I'll also print you one - just on a mug. Or on a 100 T-shirts. Maybe you’d prefer a life-size pillow?"
"No, it's not... You might be, but I need to know," Strange frowned at him. "You're sure you weren't wearing a ring like this?"
"Can't we just concentrate? Strange must be in pain and we need to get off the creep torturing him..." Loki decided to ignore everything else, and the fastest way to disappear was doing that.
"I took the long road," he then told Steve, once the fight was over, and Steve woke in a hospital bed. "And your advice, Captain."
"You mean you saved yourself, and the body you hope to return to."
Tony just left, and... spent the next year trying not to, but pinning after Rhodey who was back to being his best friend, but also now that didn't seem enough.
Thor didn't want to kick the green monster when he was already down. But just when Thor was about to leave, he heard Banner's voice.
Time at least goes quickly when Phil's busy, so the extra edition is a huge success, and that only leaves the bake sale, and he kind of has an idea.
Except, they were sparring and Stark got the upper hand and used this anyway to kiss him first, then proved to Strange how it was a very good idea indeed.
"This pitiful curse will only keep me incapacitated for about 5 to 10 minutes," Loki told him. "So if you want to kill me, you should get on with it right now."
"For one, because Val keeps referring to me as Queen Banner now."
"For the record, sir, I'm only being responsible, especially if you want me to stay with the team..."
“I wanna came back with you, no worries,
"You know me so well," he told Bucky, and it wasn't a joke either. "It's a wonder why you tolerate me."
If you knew the theory, but had a different body, how much power could you still muster? The answer was not that much. As Wong and Mordo told Strange when he first used the Eye, it wasn't just enough to know an incantation to use it. You had to have an inclination for magic, and Stark - while he wasn't a complete zero on the scale - didn't have what it took to be Sorcerer Supreme.
"I'm dying. I mean I will die soon, probably," Stephen clumsily explained. "And anyone who could understand how I knew are only the other Masters or you, so..."
"Look, I'm sorry. We'll talk about it back home, right? I mean... if we go back to the things were, we have no reason to end something that has been working out so well for so long..."
He wanted to ask about Bucky, but he also tried to tiptoe around it delicately, so he was now fishing for subjects of normal conversation as if they ever were in a habit to have any with Tony.
Although, not all. One of Thor's friends was a surprisingly worthy warrior (albeit Loki could make no sense of his obnoxious personality or the whole getup he was wearing to the fight), and Loki only kept an eye on him because he got too close to Loki while fighting.
“Are you crying?” Steve was worried and wanted to take a look at Tony, but his Omega buried himself into his arms now, hugging him so tightly that Steve understood the best he could do was to hug him back and keep him close for a bit.
"What?" Loki was half-listening only, still sitting on their bed, meditating at first glance, but practicing advanced magic that was impossible for him before - before he didn't know about his origins to understand that he shouldn't try magic the way Aesir did it.
"Also?" Loki asked, but then just shook his head. "Then I'd try and see if I could shape-shift to my Frost Giant form."
And he didn't come back the whole day, only returning possibly at night, because Loki had woken up next to him in the morning. Which could have been pleasant, if not for the pain that accompanied Loki's consciousness then.
And nobody there talked much, watching the screen, so it was almost like safe heaven to Quill. First, because Ronan didn't seem to know Quill was in that club, and second because the quiet kids at least didn't pick on him like everybody else.
“As shocking as that would be, it’s not what I want. Especially with the pups on the way. But there’s something I’ve managed to salvage from the data.”
"Don't call my daughter that."
But the captain has an interesting follow-up question just when Phil puts some money on the table, basically ready to bolt.
“In that case, we should both rest as much as we can today, turning in as early as we can,” Tony kissed him, and that's what they did.
AU: Shuri had more time to separate Vision's neural network and the Mind Stone, so he lived while Wanda has been snapped away the same.
"I wouldn't celebrate just yet," the second wizard seemed cautious.
Hoping for his own sake of sanity that he'd never have to see Steve again.
"I can't do this. I'm dying, I can feel it..."
When Steve thought nothing was about to happen, Bucky only took a small step forward, pushing them all closer still, and kissed Tony, just as the mechanic's breathing was returning to normal.
"You did this to me," he told the Doc about teleporting in his sleep without intent."So now you're going to have to help me fix it."
Then he got sick - not even his heart, just the flu or something trivial, really, but with fever, unfortunately, - and Dr. Zola ordered a couple of tests and figured it out. And Tony would have attempted his third major escape plan he was working on for a long time but was anyway too sick to even stand.
"But you're still capable choose what you want for yourself, or why else would you be here? Also, there were researches on Earth about the positive effects humor seems to have on humans," Vision questioned, and Nebula didn't speak up for a long time.
"For the record, I didn't," Rocket told him with a voice and a gesture that seemed to be his attempt to calm him down. "I was trying to be funny."
“Do you know if you snore?” sometime later Tony asked him.
"She wants me to go with her gay friend," Quill was irritated because Yondu would never-ever let him even stay out late, but then when Quill was dead set on not going, Yondu even offered to help.
"Maybe it's better if I don't return," Loki noted.
"And?"
"Then why didn't you tell me about it before," Loki just wondered out loud, half hoping he wouldn't be heard.
They couldn't wait so long.
But Bruce understood, and Tony, at least, seemed to like him better. Maybe it wasn't a lie that before he was annoyed by how "perfect" Steve was, and now that no longer applied, they somehow communicated better.
Only, he never considered this because he still saw himself as a washed-out kid from Brooklyn, while Tony Stark wasn't.
"Jesus, Tony," Rhodey facepalmed. "Just when I was almost convinced you're different, you always pull something like this."
Taking magic away from the mortal forever only seemed like the fitting punishment for a pathetic Midgardian humiliating a god.
"But I'm no mortal."
Stark's curse was that he was in an era where Midgard wasn't blessed with many brilliant men like him, and alone he was just a small clog in the machine, not having much effect.
He himself couldn’t create, most of the tech he was selling came from the alien technology the government had, but couldn’t just disclose where it came from - so they sold it to Howard for a price.
"Like how if either of us has a problem, we have to come out and say it, right away."
“Yes, absolutely,” Steve couldn’t help but kiss him. The Tower was Obi’s and while he didn’t want to move in with Tony even after that monster was gone, Tony said he wanted to do it. For him, it was like rewriting the past with the new memories of the same place - although, Steve insisted on remodeling it before moving in. He himself couldn’t stomach the memories of the place. “Is there anything I can do?”
Steve kissed him first, but then Tony made good on his promise, and took control.
"My name is Phil Coulson. I'm going to help Fury out from today, while possibly earning some extra college credits. If there's anything you need, you can tell me."
please do continue," Tony turned to Steve right after he threw his dead tech to the opposite side of the gym. "I believe you were just accusing me of wanting to steal your emo boy-toy. Go on."
That was when Rhodey showed up with the CIA and Happy and Pepper using Tony's tech, and saved Tony just in time, taking him home. So Tony went through the whole ordeal seemingly unscathed, but his resolve had changed.
"You just stay away from my private areas or I'll kick you," Loki was adamant to go through the nightmare on his own if he had to.
"We can't know how it would change everything."
"Now, but...my braces?"
"So you were a helpless animal and the Hulk took care of you? That's just weird. Feels like I missed a century, man."
And that seemed to calm Rocket somewhat, but when Ronan left, giving him the finger, he snapped at Quill.
"That's not right. How can you even think that for a second?" Bucky couldn't believe what he was hearing.
"Thank you for the talk, Thor."
Waking up in Bruce Banner's body, without magic, was almost as painful as when Loki realized he and Banner in Loki's body were locked up, but the Grandmaster and the witch were standing in front of their cage.
In a way, they’ve been lucky, because only 3 days were left of Steve’s Heat, and Tony miraculously exercised some unbelievably firm control, because they got through it all without Tony marking him.
"Well, do you own a bed?" Bucky teased. "'Cause I don't think I've ever seen you outside your lab, but maybe it would be better suited for tonight than the one we share with Stevie. A fresh start and all."
"Must be, you say."
"Just for your information Stark, nothing you're picturing right now had ever happened," Strange was quick to add. "It was just a spell, and for the record, I wasn't the one who messed up, either."
Rhodey, Pepper, Happy, Bruce, and Peter came to visit, and while they couldn't do anything for Tony, at least they kept Steve company. When time was standing still, that was the only thing that kept Steve somewhat tethered to reality, if he heard them speaking.
Especially since he seemed to have a knowledge of relics that were the only things powerful enough on Midgard to even injure Loki.
Also, the Hulk maybe wasn't the brightest Avenger, but Thor was only beginning to think that even looking like a giant monster, he could be one of the kindest if he chose to, and Thor wanted to repay him for that.
" Quill didn't mean to almost yell this, now making even the teacher shush them, but he had enough, so he went on talking anyway, even if on a dropped voice. "And yes, that walkman might have been the only thing I cared about, but even if you gave me your phone and I'd take charity from an asshole, how long do you think I could hang on to a phone until Ronan saw me with it and it ended up in a toilet anyway?"
He almost had a heart attack when there was some strange, sudden noise coming from up close, and he realized he was doing it.
He used to think of Rhodey as if he was invincible with the army muscles, quick thinking, and cutting humor, but that - obviously - wasn't always enough to protect him from everything.
"You could do so much better than that, even with your limited capacities."
"I'm not even gay! Never was, never will be," Tony felt like he had to declare for some reason.
"I'm here because I want you back," Tony told him instead of a hello.
"Because I wasn't dashing enough like Dave?"
"Maybe?"
"Maybe Steve could take a day off, and make sure. You could certainly teach him some smooth moves,
"Tiny very dirty, need bath," Hulk announced, and that was the only warning Thor got before he got a bucket of water on his head, making him wish to retaliate by hissing, clawing, and biting his way to the closest dry surface.
"No. This is no time to-"
"Yes."
"Of course not."
"I'm glad you did, this time," Bucky told them after a moment of heavy pause. "I doubt I would have been able to wait so long otherwise. Just fair warning: don't try to raise any children without me. You'd kill each other, and nothing undermines authority more than that."
"The elderly? I imagine you have a lot in common, it's only natural," Tony misunderstood on purpose, maybe already setting up this joke since he mentioned them, but that would have only worked if Steve didn't have an answer prepared the same.
"As he always insists I need to talk to people face to face more. Maybe we could be each other's alibi."
But when Loki got a tiny bit better and could stay away not passing out from his injuries, that's when Tony gave him a tray of food - only to pull it back when Loki would have reached for it.
"I'll even order some pizza for three, kid."
And Tony had no idea how badly he hurt Rhodey for more than 6 years.
They tried everything under the sun. It was exhausting, trying to appeal to a reason of a child who was convinced that they knew better.
"I don't get it! Why invite me to join your team at all if you can't trust me with a computer of my own? Do you think if you've left me with a laptop unattended for five minutes, I'd use it to destroy the world or something?"
"I was a pretty good surgeon," he answered anyway. "Rich, celebrated, and carefree."
"Why, have you missed the memo on me?" Steve turned it back. "I look like this because I did it-"
Except, he should have told Stark. Warned him about the consequences. Asked for his permission, right from the beginning. He did none of these. With time, it was even harder to tell, because by then he'd also had to admit that he'd been doing it for months.
"Then I'm willing to do the right thing and walk away," Steve said, only earning a soft snort from Tony.
As Tony hadn't considered dating Pepper originally, he was even less likely to let himself ruin everything he had with Rhodey for a night. But now that he knew that maybe it wouldn't be just that, he was constantly thinking about it.
"It's great," he told Tony, thinking of going home.
"That's what Strange said, but I disagree. You're basically saying that you took my deep-rooted self-hate, self-doubt, and dark thoughts away, making me feel better while you also got stronger. And that our relationship isn't just special but even magically strengthened. As if you were a frickin' good vampire, spreading happiness and dating me in the process."
"As were you. Don't you wanna hold her?"
And from then on, it was unbelievably easy. Ruining everything important they had in the past, but enjoying the exhilarating fall, until it was time to hit the ground.
"Got to such a serious 'friendly fight' while training, that they perfectly matched the data the security system had on seriously threatening postures and movements. They almost destroyed the whole Tower, when Friday tried to eliminate them and blamed me."
"It's nothing like what your thinking, Banner! I mean, we did wake up completely naked and in the same bed this morning with him-"
"Sure. It looked like you did," Loki was just about to add something unpleasant to that sentence, but when he saw how the first thing Strange did was to check up on their daughter, his spite vanished.
Obadiah didn’t bond him - he already had a bondmate. He did something worse. If there was a business client he wanted to please, they could spend a night with Tony, where nothing was forbidden - except biting him.
And, Loki didn't even have to fake his grin this time, enjoying the frustration that was coming off of the Captain in waves now.
"I do believe in marks."
"How is your lunch, Quill?" Groot asked.
"Are you... sure about that?" Mantis asked as if she was pretty sure Rocket was head over heels with Quill.
"Not there just quite yet," Banner grinned.
"Wait, I know this one well," Cap spoke up. "Deflecting by crappy humor, blaming everyone else, except himself. The classic Tony Stark move, and you still think I'd put up with him more than I already have to, Buck?"
And when both the Captain and then Natasha thanked Loki for his help, first for his combat skills, and the second for a simple shape-shifting charm, Loki finally figured why Thor loved his humans so much. They treated any relatively advanced being as if they were truly special, and it was so easy to please them!
"You didn't say-"
"Years."
"I'll cut back on the teasing. For a week."
Or maybe the spell bounced back? But then, the mortal couldn’t use his magic. So what was going on?
If this was a game, Barnes seemed to know how to play it, at least he opened with a pretty strong hand, and Loki could only encourage that.
"If the Captain told you, he must have told you that bringing that army to Midgard was my worst mistake I regretted doing as well," Loki morphed back, trying to appeal to Stark's common sense. "So I'm not the bad guy here, and besides-"
Leaving Quill with a device that if pawned, would have meant more money than Quill ever had to his name, but still… furious. He was not a charity case and didn't need a phone, especially from one of Ronan's best pals.
"How did you find me?" Bucky, however, wasn't about to explain to him what had happened, if Steve didn't already know. "I thought you said you trusted me."
"It's because you're straight, and I care for you too much, don't you understand?!" Bucky didn't mean to yell this as he did, but it was too much.
Add the ability to investigate all the possible futures to the mix, and photographic memory and Stephen could have been used as a future-predicting machine because his accuracy rivaled certainty.
"I'm not doing any magic tricks," and Stark still wasn't even on board.
"Oh, you'll see," Tony let his tone answer that question on its own. "And my work only seems to exponentially multiply as the years pass by, so I have the craziest schedules..."
But in case something happened in the school, or Principal Ross wants something newsworthy (or what he deems as such, at least) showcased, it's too "boring" for anyone else's tastes so that only leaves Phil to deal with it, and he was only ever so happy to, for years.
"Some people or you? I do not wish to quarrel with anybody about our life, but I'd do it in a heartbeat, if that was the only thing you worried about, Steve," Thor just gave him a look.
It turned out to be Peter, yawning so widely Bucky thought he couldn't have noticed anything, but the more Bucky tried to ignore the nagging feeling that something was amiss, the more it stuck with him.
"I think he just wanted to do his usual I’m-such-a-hero routine, no matter what the question was, Nat," Rhodey gave Tony a teasing smile.
"The protocol implies to everyone, not just them," Friday corrected. "The Tower is too fragile for any of the Avengers to fight in, so they should be monitored."
"What is this?"
"I'd undo his Snap then as well. I can only turn back time completely in a given space, or not at all, I can't concentrate the magic on his body, but ignore his fist..."
"'WHO?!' I don't know, let me think," Rhodey put on a very sarcastic wondering face. "Your soul-marked? Even if you don't give a shit about it and what it's supposed to mean, it's still... "
Why? It was part of a new unspeakably nefarious plan to eavesdrop on the Avengers' plans, of course, nothing to do with the pets he got.
On the tenth day, Steve was forbidden to give any more blood to Tony, and at first, he threatened to take Tony somewhere else where they'd treat him, but then he knew Tony wouldn't get a treatment like the one Dr. Cho was giving him, so all he could do then was watch.
"Why?" Quill wasn't used to such treatment. Something was up when Yondu was offering pizza...
And, Banner just blushed, so Loki assumed he was right.
" Loki stated, not really intimidated. "Believe me, I get it, I have had taken many lovers and some would even shock you. But what I don't get is why do you think of yourself as an ultimate danger to the good Captain."
"As I'm sure you figured that out already," Phil notes because sometimes it's hard for any of the Avenger members to ignore all the girls who'd like to get to know them better, even though Fury is managing the issue at hand well given the circumstances. "But I have two suggestions. If you don't mind."
"That's... too kind, but I've gotta go," Coulson decides the only way is to deal with this is to have at least Maria listen to the story, if not all of his friends, and then they'll surely tell him he'd dreamt the whole thing, or that Steve was doing it as part of a charity or a bet or something, and then he wouldn't have to think about it ever again.
We have a bit of a recap in this chapter to see how Cap and Bucky became a couple.
"It's called self-preservation, Steve, and I don't want you to lie for my sake," it took ridiculously long for Loki to find his garments, but when he did, the Captain was smiling widely at him. "What, am I this pathetic or...?"
And so it begins.
"But don't tell me you aren't glad that it's over," Banner said, and Loki didn't have to correct the sentiment.
"Loki? What the...?"
A simple Midgardian wouldn't have gone up into flames being hit by one of Stark's weapons, but Bucky wasn't a simple mortal. Loki had already seen the signs of that firsthand, like his power, speed, stamina.
“I’ll tell you why,” Steve told him in a soft voice. “I was bonded to a Beta named Bucky, and he was kidnapped by a German Alpha, and he died. I’ve spent the last 50 years in a medically induced coma, in a cryo-chamber, because I couldn’t take the loss, and the doctors thought it could save me. They woke me when my hormone levels resembled an unbonded Alpha's again, but sometimes I still wish they didn’t.”
"Tragic?" Tony offered. "For them to be destined to be with me?"
"I mean. When he saved me, he said something crude. So I was just naturally wondering..."
"Don't," Rocket told him, and when Quill wondered if he should take offense, he added. "You're smart, but never had a chance to study in a proper school before. I'm thinking Yondu couldn't get you into one before either. So don't mess that up. That said..."
Even when it was finally over, Bucky came to check on him, asking if he sustained any dangerous injuries, Tony had to tell him only by letting his faceplate to retract and show Barnes what exactly was the problem, unable to speak.
Except, people seemed to overhear that conversation, and not only started bullying Rocket, but it got so bad that his parents were called in, and when his father was told the teacher feared it was because of Rocket's sexual orientation, Rocket wasn't only grounded, with not even Groot allowed to visit, but also didn't show up for school.
"Technically, she also handles the lawsuits if you accidentally get crushed by a car because of my tech, so it's only fair."
"I don't mind," Thor said, but when that made Banner only stare, he added. "I just mean after all that happened, and how I got used to it in my animal form, it's quite nice not to sleep alone. These cabins can get quite chilly at night, and-"
"You were the most brilliant and hindered at the same time. So I thought it would make a difference at first. And when it did, I sort of got sucked in."
"And I have a theory. I think you're my tribe. Making me all the more brilliant," Tony stated then.
"Then, you don't hate me," Steve states, but it's more of a question.
"Tell the army they either take you back with this tech, or they get nothing, it's as simple as that," Tony couldn't care less about that. It was so different, finally seeing Rhodey being back to himself again, and that's why he made the suit in the first place. "Or maybe I should tell them, so they better accept it."
Loki wanted to use a body switch spell between her and one of the gladiators. Since it wasn't exactly a curse, it would wear off as soon as the two switched people could get on better terms, but Loki had his doubts if she would ever try to get close to a simple footman, even if her magic depended on it.
"You better," Quill could only say, before they were kissing once again, probably trying the poor driver's patience by taking so long now.
"About what?" Coulson notes how the door is just six feet away, yet he seems to be unable to reach it.
"I only want him if it's
"Try to stop me," Loki said, ready to use magic, except... his own reserves were depleted as well. Damn magical offspring in a minute's notice, it must have leeched on Loki to grow so quickly.
"I do! But I won't fall for your bullshit. If you ask me, you're just like the Grandmaster, except the fact that he seems to be fond of the Hulk at least. So if I have to choose between the two of you, I'll take him."
was just to shut up and take a smaller loss, so he sat back down again, - as far as he could from the other two - and buried his face in his hands.
"For making you uncomfortable. I've noticed how you try to avoid me, and now I'm asking for a favor..."
And he was truly about to leave, but Loki's voice stopped him in the door.
His mom always told him his dad was a phenomenal dancer and that's where Quill inherited his "talent", but Quill suspected she just saw how much he liked to dance and made up stories when she didn't even know who his father was.
"That's it, I'm finished. We both are," Pepper only seemed to agree, and Happy didn't dare to argue with her.
"I mean, I don't know exactly, I just..."
Tony started drinking like there was no tomorrow, Cap tried to stop him, but that only made him drink more. They were almost half-way through
"Oh, my mistake," Loki said.
"Maybe we should try and get out of here instead of talking," Bruce announced.
"Yeah, it's one of the reasons I don't like being online so much. I don't like the idea of someone going through all my entire electronic trail, and try to judge me based on it..."
Those things were for ordinary people, and Tony somehow had the misconception that he was "better" than that.
But Loki supposed he deserved what he got. The deeper he sunk into a lie, the more difficult it was to set it right, and in the past, he was only ever too quick to use lies and magic instead of facing problems head-on like Thor, so this punishment seemed to fit his crime, years later.
Thor showed up though, looking nothing like how Steve had left him, defeating Thanos with the element of surprise.
"I... but I can't," Loki didn't get it. Tony wanted to forgive him, but it didn't make any sense. So maybe this was also because of the magic?
“You have a destined soulmate. Not all Omegas have them. It’s quite rare nowadays. But it’s an even stronger bond than arranged bonding. Only, if an Alpha rejects his destined Omega, or they are somehow forced apart, the Omega’s body turns against them. You’re dying, Tony. I can treat you for the pain, but otherwise, there’s only one thing you could do. If you could go back to him. The Alpha outside isn't your lawful Alpha, is he? Give me the name of yours, and we shall call him here. Keep you alive until then...”
"If you believed in the marks, by the same premise you could be just as well happy too, so it's no sacrifice," Rhodey told him. "And if not, you're just pushing her away just because she got too close."
"What part of nobody else can substitute me don't you understand?" the human shook his head. "Otherwise you wouldn't be in the position you're currently are."
If you were born with something that wasn't exactly nice, it wasn't just a description, but also a limitation. An excuse if you wanted to show people how horrible you could be.
Besides, it's not like Phil's situation could get any worse, it's already awkward as hell between the two of them, so maybe instead of Coulson pulling away, he should see where this would go if he moved into the exact opposite direction.
"So, if this was your last day on Midgard, what would you do," Loki just asked. A part of him was sure he did because he wanted to get to know the strange habits of the people who bested him in New York against all odds, so if they miraculously would survive this, he could use the info.
"Because it means I can't protect the planet, not because I ever wanted to be Sorcerer Supreme. Even the name is ridiculous."
"Maybe not," Bruce said, and it was weird, because he looked like Loki, but his expression was nothing Loki would have ever had on, not in a million lifetimes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's why we're lucky I've been switched with someone who is a world-renowned genius. I'm going to coach Stark through it."
"Oh, but I only enjoy dancing on the last thread of your patience too much, Doctor."
"Yes. Although I can't predict how the others will react, so..."
"Is this your way of asking if I could be his best man at your wedding? Or yours? I didn't think you'd think of me, no matter how many metal arms I give away for free!"
In the meanwhile, Tony wasn’t 14 anymore and knew more about tech than Howard and Obadiah combined, so of course, he had found out and confronted Obi.
"You can't be serious!"
Still locking him up on her spaceship, taking him everywhere she went, giving him alcoholic beverages instead of food and water, which Thor couldn't stomach in his current predicament, so he kept trying to get out when she wasn't looking, in dire need of some sustenance, but he was getting weaker, and she seemed to want to keep him.
"I don't like threats, and we both had a long day, so why don't we just talk about this tomorrow..."
"Well, excuse my grammar. Can I leave
And it was years before he did, but by then, both Sakaar and Asgard were destroyed, and Thanos was coming, so he was sent to warn Midgard by Heimdall, hoping it would make a difference.
"See, another unexpected move. You've just said you know I could kill you without effort in a blink, and you still don't follow simple commands."
Quill would have just left it - Ronan had no proof, and Quill wasn't stealing anyway - but that's when Ronan grabbed him by force.
"I got it, thank you," Loki shut it down. "So I get milder and docile as I age, so what? Deal with it!"
He didn't count on Rocket staying behind the rest, and asking him when it was only the two of them.
"Okay, but just because you didn't say it was Tony."
And then, Loki finally figured how Bucky' darkest secret wasn't his brainwashed or his vampirism, but how Steve's opinion would perhaps change if he knew.
"I'm sorry, Thor, I know we've both lost our marked ones, but..."
It might be doing it already, it's just hard to tell when you don't even have time to sleep because for now you're so immersed.
"And my stepfather is known to move around a lot. Maybe I could ask him to move because of me this once."
"Ask Wanda then. She's also a dark witch, and crazy powerful, maybe you can work out a deal with her."
How would this help defeat Thanos? If anything, this was a failure, even though it had its moments.
"No, how can you even think-"
Peter didn’t want to cry, but when he saw the carnage of the pages, still wet and almost like a paper mache, he had tears in his eyes, even if also some dignity so he wouldn’t start to cry in front of someone else.
Not when Tony secretly programmed a "Levi Spa Day" routine into Dum-E's processes, and the cloak was having a gentle wash/massage while interacting with Tony's robots, while the "adults" were free to spend some time only the two of them.
"You know I didn't accuse you of slacking, right?" Nat could only say when Tony finally stopped for just a second to catch his breath. "I was just curious what have you been up to lately, because we haven't seen much of you, that's all. No need to get all worked up."
"Just think about what I've said," Steve said in return, but before he could reach the door, Tony stepped in his way.
"I think you'll be fine," Loki assessed, reaching for Bucky's hand with a comforting gesture. "Unless you wanted to date him because then I can't help with your regrets."
"You're only guessing. It might not be enough to help me. At all," Barnes argued. "But you could die trying."
And after that, neither of them appeared. Only on the battlefield fighting Thanos did Thor see the Hulk again, and after they've lost that fight, Banner all but disappeared, and Thor was busy helping to rebuild Asgard now on Earth - finding that physical labor had kept him mind off things. Like how responsible Thor felt thinking that with Mjolnir, he could have defeated Thanos, but without a weapon, he was almost just a joke compared to the Mad Titan.
Not to mention, the next time he saw Strange, he was being tortured on Ebony Maw's ship, who couldn't get the Time-Stone off of his body.
"However wrong Thor was, he was right about one thing. I was never the introduce you to my parents type of guy, Captain."
"You're doing it again! Just so you know,
Problem was, it had a remarkable effect. Stark worked for 3 days straight without sleep or rest, like a machine, upbeat and with measurably faster and trashing less of his ideas later, so arguably with better results as well.
"This was the largest print I could get without wasting more time and resource on it," he told Steve with the largest smile ever. "I want you to sign it before I put it up as Rhodey's new wallpaper that won't come off."
"We're officially on a break," Tony sighed. "At least that's what we told everyone."
He took over Sam's group. Helped Bruce trying to fix the mistake with the Hulk formula, which was more often than not just Steve giving him another blood sample, but sometimes they've also talked.
"He left a while ago now."
"I doubt it." Steve's list was quite basic, after all.
"I get it. It's exactly what I would do in your place."
At first, Tony wouldn't believe it, but when he looked into his medical files as well as Rhodey's, they both were scanned by several different medical devices multiple times that could detect the real mark, and the results were the same for them both, for years now, consequently.
"I can pull up a screen while I work on you," Tony typed, and only realized how that sounded when Bucky just raised an eyebrow. "While I upgrade your arm."
Besides, priority dictated that he'd concern himself less with destroying everything in his wake (maybe even the Grandmaster while he's at it), and more about saving Banner's life, before it would be too late and Loki would be stuck like this forever.
Except, then Hulk also produced some soap and started to clean him, and it felt... nice? The little beast Thor was must have had more sensitive nerve-endings on its face and back because even being touched with the soap felt extraordinarily pleasurable, so Thor stopped fighting it.
Turning Steve with such a brute force, their hips met just in the right angle to feel how turned on Steve already was.
"That's Drax, Quill, Odinson," Fury introduces the team called "Avengers" while Phil is sitting next to him, a bit meek now that all the players' eyes are on him. "Then we have Barnes, Wilson, and our team captain, Rogers..."
"You mean you can't tell? Anyway, I have this evil plan," Loki started. "I want to use the science of Midgard and my magic fused together to go after Thanos, and somehow bring back everyone, and..."
"So, to sum up," Tony stood, walking over to the other two. "Your first instinct is to hide your relationship."
"And you don't have a ride to the other galaxy, nor any money," Steve stood between him and the door. "Not to mention, you're still hurt, and people are looking for you. Highly trained and dangerous people..."
"I'm not-"
"Loki's dead. Thanos killed him using the Stones, and I didn't even know, only when I put the gauntlet on."
"Wait a second, you're saying Peter shouldn't see you two together because he's just a kid?"
Staying relevant in an era that wasn't your own was like erosion. If you didn't do anything about it, you didn't take measures to avoid it every day, slowly it would wear down even mountains.
"Buck, don't do this. I love you."
"I've already talked with Peter, he would love to help and take a couple of pictures of the guys while playing..."
And since Steve would have to return to an empty house then, every night, Coulson tells his parents, and Steve gets permission to stay over indefinitely, even if only the couch, which can't be that comfortable, because Steve wakes him up in the middle of the night, sneaking into his bed.
"Is it something that people would say in bed then? Just as well as on the field?"
It made him stronger and this way, he could trust that the precious few who loved him (like Frigga), really cared for him, and that should have been enough. And if anything, he could finally try to live up to his Allfather's expectations, knowing that he'd never get it anyway.
"Oh no," Strange was white as a sheet. "Jade, that can happen. But sometimes what you see doesn't always come true, remember the ice-cream truck?"
"I thought it was obvious. I was following your instructions," Bruce looked at him. "So, should I-"
"She's not a hooker, and actually really smart speaks like a hundred languages and-"
"Call us a couple of calculators whose only special ability was that we had legs to walk on?" Vision questioned.
"I wasn't programmed to be funny."
"Hulk,
"Oh yes, listen to your ex, Rocket," Ronan said, and Rocket would have already jumped to give him another punch, but Groot wouldn't let him.
But Stark was not wrong, and Steve was on the road of recovery already. And Loki promised him to stay, but every time an Avenger came to visit, Stark being only the first one of many - many Loki didn't even know from before - Loki felt out of place like a sore thumb.
"I'm gonna lock myself up in my cabin at night," Bruce murmured. "So I don't always wake up flashing you."
"Don’t call him that. If you have a problem with me, deal with me not him..." Steve felt horrible for not telling Tony everything when he had a chance, but also not happy with the words Tony so carelessly used.
Steve could have been looking for a way out subconsciously, because only then did he notice that the door stood slightly ajar, setting them free. But just as he considered whether or not he should mention it, Bucky let go of Tony anyway.
"What did they do?"
Other times when Tony was tired or distracted or just having a particular day, his thoughts wandered better, and unfortunately, it meant that his mind also generated countless images that weren't just fantasies about a long-lasting companionship, gently holding hands.
“I’ve heard how Thanos destroyed them,” he appeared in Steve’s door. “How are you holding up?”
