“Rock of ages looks happy to you?”
Her daddy laughed. “Still holding me to that promise aren’t cha Morgan.”
Morgan nods and runs off to find her best friend. In the distant she can hear Daddy and Aunt Natasha play fighting.
Her daddy puts a hand over his heart. “You wound me Nat. I was very handsome silver fox in the other timeline. Though nothing could beat your beautiful blush when you finally tied the knot with Clint and Laura.”
“Mr. Tony Stark, Ms. Natasha Romanoff,” Nova greeted them, her voice echoing.
“I hope they get lives.”
“I repeat, quit trying to set up my daughter with your son Romanoff!
Bruce picks the conversation back up. “We weren’t sure if you would remember.”
still wore his engagement ring, Steve saw it whenever he was on the news. Steve’s was on his dog tags, close to his heart like
“Zia,” Steve hiccupped.
Could he really be?
Bodies of the Ten Rings litter the floor and different members of the Carbonell family stand at attention to the middle of the room. None of them paying Steve and his Avengers no mind.
Strong arms wrap around Tony’s waist, while a pair of lips attach themselves to his neck. “I like to think I am a little mysterious.”
A holograph appeared near the couple. A list of names and pictures listed in chronological order.
Best night of Steve’s life.
“Remember your promise Daddy, you and Uncle Steve are going to get married when he dies,” Morgan said as she swayed to the music.
Steve thought, eyes back on the full image. The image that had him and his husband standing next to one another, in public like Steve had dreamed of for so long.
Steve wanted to kill these dead men even more now.
Steve flushed. “I mean if you’re not interested . . .”
Aunt Natasha, who Morgan sees when she sees the Bartons, Nathaniel to be more precise, elbows him in the side. “Oh, like you weren’t wrinkly with your husband.”
Tony snorted. “Trust me, Jameson, he’s not that mysterious.”
In Festivia's opinion that half lie the Captian uses is more dangerous for the mechanic than the truth. But she does have to give the Captian credit, some have seen the mechanic's face but none have moved against him. Everyone either respected the Captian and his Avengers too much, or feared them.
Aunt Natasha catches Morgan staring, she gives the young girl a smile and wave. Squeezing Nathaniel’s shoulders, she whispers something to him. Nathaniel looks over at Morgan, giving her a shy smile and a wave.
Steve nodded. “You’re right, but we’re going to do it tomorrow.”
Six months, six amazing months with his little mechanic, and Steve Rogers, the Captain of the Avengers, couldn’t be happier.
“You owe me a hundred bucks Stark.”
“For taking what is mine you will
“Because you already married Mommy and you love her. You should marry Uncle Steve because you love him,” Morgan explained. Honestly it was not that hard to understand, at least that's what Morgan thinks. “Promise me?”
With shaky fingers Steve hit the call button to the only number saved in the phone. It takes only one ring.
"Hello darling," Tony greets Rogers.
“Sexy,” Steve growled in Tony’s ear, the way he knew made Tony weak in the knees. “Perhaps my little mechanic is looking for a captain to help pilot this ship”
“Avengers stories!” The children said together.
, so much anger (at Bucky for leaving him, at the world, at the stupid title he bore, at the American citizens who only saw him as a show pony), and let them steer him, let them take control, until the only way out he saw was by driving a fucking plane into the ocean.
Steve leaves.
Tony laughs breathlessly as Bucky hisses and swats away Tony’s hands from his oversensitive cock, but then soothes any sting of the motion by pulling Tony to his chest and nuzzling his nose into the black curls there.
“I think you’re just a flirt,” Tony whispers back, and he’s clearly aiming for his usual charm, but misses by about a mile, as his voice comes out a little breathy.
“Tony,” Bucky warns, a traitorous smile tugging at the corner of his mouth because
“Did you sleep at
“You fuckin’–” Bucky hisses, but he doesn’t get a chance to tell what Steve what he is before Steve suddenly continues his attack, this time targeting the side of his stomach, his neck, his armpits, and anything else he can reach.
Steve meets Bucky’s eyes, amusement dancing in them. “What can I do for you, Sergeant Barnes?” he asks cheekily, and Bucky barely manages to clamp down on his own grin.
“I–” Steve gets up and runs his own fingers through his much shorter hair, tugging on the strands. “You don’t think I
Tony watches him go. He was just beginning to like Bucky.
He cries himself to sleep that night, sheets fisted in his hands, breathing in deep breath after deep breath, trying valiantly to smell the man he loves among the sheets, knowing he never will.
At first, Bucky can’t feel anything, but then, a little movement, sort of like a ripple of water. He looks up at Tony and smiles widely. “I can feel her,” he whispers, and Tony nods excitedly. His eyes are getting a little misty and Bucky throws both his arms around his boyfriend once more, hugging him tightly.
The last thing is things pertaining to the nursery. There's a door that leads off into a small kitchen that he'll likely use only for storing baby food and formula and warming up bottles, and it's currently blank, only painted white. He desperately wants to paint it, for some odd reason, and the only reason he hasn’t yet is because he wants it to coordinate with the theme. He’s quickly realizing, however, that the idea of coordination has already been thrown out the window. With Natasha’s wildflowers on the wall and Thor’s seven mismatching (but soft) stuffed animals and his solar system mobile, the idea of something to tie it all together is laughable.
They’re in Tony’s lab, and for the last few hours, he’s been tinkering with a motorcycle engine, taking it apart and putting it back together again rhythmically. Tony says that once he can do it with his eyes closed he’ll make him a motorcycle, with custom features. Bucky wants a motorcycle, especially one from Tony because it’s bound to have all sorts of cool gadgets and things it can do.
“You’re telling me you went through all that pain and didn’t think you were dying? Christ, Bucky, what did they do to you?” Tony asks incredulously.
“I see,” Tony says, finally. “Well, Barnes,” (God, does Bucky hate how Tony curls his lip when he says his last name) “you are officially the world’s worst secret-keeper, but I already knew, so.”
Tony grins sheepishly. “Surprise?”
“Go back to bed, sweetheart,” Tony murmurs, going to Steve’s side and gently running his hand through silky blond hair, but only once.
“Buck?” he had whispered into the darkness. His heart was pounding in his chest and he could taste the fear on his tongue. Was Bucky being possessed just like the pastor had warned them might happen? Was he having a seizure?
“Honestly? I don’t know. Probably just ignore him until he comes and talks to me.”
Tony shakes his head quickly. “If Steve wanted people to know, you wouldn’t be my boyfriend,” he snaps, and Bucky reels back as if he’s been struck.
The first day is hell.
” Steve gasps.
Tony’s smile wobbles a little. “Yeah,” he whispers, and leans onto the counter.
Steve beams. “What of?” he asks.
“So,” Steve says lightly. “What do you think about the Tower?”
Tony shrugs, not sure how to answer him. Or maybe he just doesn’t want to.
And… yeah. That’s enough thinking about Steve for today.
Tony shrugs. “I wanted the sour.”
“I like you very much too,” Tony responds solemnly, and Bucky rolls his eyes affectionately.
“Not important,” Bruce interrupts, but Tony’s mind is
The second one is a deep green, and it’s specifically for his team. Clint jumping off a building, Bruce calmly sipping his tea while he reads the news off of a tablet, Natasha running her fingers through Thor’s hair and braiding it calmly, her again as she tests her widow bites in the training room, Tony watching approvingly.
His eyes roll back, and he becomes limp in Steve’s strong hands, succumbing to the white-hot agony.
,” he says, obviously preening.
Statistically, it should only be a matter of time before they ran into each other, yet they never have. It was probably on purpose, Bucky reasons, and his temper flares a little at the thought of Steve making himself the victim here.
Jacey - wonderful names
Steve.
Bucky winks at him. “You got it.”
Bucky wordlessly lays a finger on the drawing of the suit, tracing the curve of the thigh.
Steve looks up at him through his eyelashes. “What’d you remember?”
There’s a quiet hiss of air and the arm sort of falls, now only connected by a few wires.
“I’ll say,” Bucky breaks in, and Tony throws his head back and laughs.
It’s Tony drawn in life-like detail as he bends over something in his workshop and hammers it, a scene clearly from before Bucky met the man. He flips the pages, and a pit opens in his stomach as he slowly realizes every. Single. Damn. One. was of his boyfriend.
“Rhodey,” Tony says, turning his head to meet the other man’s eyes. When he speaks, his voice is sharp and not at all relaxed, not like it was before. “What the fuck.”
There was a pay phone at the train station, Bucky knows, because he’d been standing right next to it while he waited for the train to reach the platform. It’d been on a big yellow post, and a man had even used it while Bucky was waiting, his voice hushed and hand cupped over his mouth.
There’s a yellow one full of drawings of mundane things like a snail after rainfall or a pretty flower, and page after page of scribbles and shapes for practice. It’s his ‘future’ sketchbook, the one he opens most frequently and has the least amount of complicated emotions associated with it.
“You can go back to bed after I show you,” Bucky says, and Steve ignores him.
Steve clenches his jaw at that and turns around to yank open the door to the showers giving– yes, fantastic–Tony a perfect view of his ass. And what an ass it is.
Tony… Tony shouldn’t be so hurt by that. He shouldn’t be hurt by Steve closing his face off like that, as if the absolute last thing he wanted was for Tony to know what he was thinking. After all, what thing has he done to earn that sort of trust? He looks away, and fiddles with a loose thread on the couch.
Bucky nods, and squeezes Steve’s fingers very lightly, so Bruce bows out.
“And after you saw it was me in it?” Steve asks, his breath catching.
Pepper, I think I’m dying,” he whines, and she gives a startled laugh.
“Are you being serious right now?” Clint finally asks, voice thick with disbelief. Natasha jabs him sharply in the side with her elbow, making his mouth snap tightly shut.
Despite Bruce’s optimism, however, Steve did have a concussion. He couldn’t remember what he’d eaten for breakfast, or why there was a shattered teacup on the ground. He really only remembered punching the wall because Bruce had had to pick shards of wall out of his knuckles, but other than that, he explained slowly, he didn’t really remember. He cringed away from the light Bruce tried to shine in his eyes, shutting them tight and hiding his dilated pupils, and Bruce sighed, but let him be.
He asks Bucky what he needs, in english, and Bucky answers that he needs to get to Manhattan. The man grins, and tells him he’s a couple hundred miles out, but there’s a train that can take him as far as Brooklyn. Bucky says that’s fine, and if he could please direct him in the direction of the train station, and also whether he’d lend him some money.
Comments and kudos make me happy!
Steve was looking at some crime show waiting for sleep to get him but he were to strung up to even try to sleep. He always had trouble sleeping whenever Tony was out of town. That what happens when you have been together for almost nine years and spending almost every night together since eight and a half years back. He heard soft footsteps padding towards the couch and stopping just outside of Steve’s vision forcing him to turn and look at his son who standing there in his pajamas
“And we are not going to.” Steve says harshly.
“Tony…” Steve begins hesitantly and looks at his friend.
“I doubt that if it came from your mind.” Steve replies kindly and Tony winces again when he begins cleaning out the other wound on his head.
David.
“I told you I was going to be with my friends! I haven’t seen them in like a month!” Tony defends himself and opens the door letting them both inside. “And I told you that I would call you tomorrow after my meeting!” Tony continues as he shrugs his coat off and hangs it up before heading to his living room with David close behind. “Is this the way you are going to act whenever I am with my friends or doing things without you!?” He questions harshly.
“Have you noticed that David never take any responsibly for his own life? All his previous partners have cheated on him and have been crazy, the people at his job are incompetent and are jealous of him and his knowledge and that’s why he never gets promoted and his family all have mental illness and he simply can’t have a functioning relationship with them. Have you noticed that?” She asks and he doesn’t even answer because, no he has not noticed that and the few times he had questioned those things it had ended badly for Tony so he decided not to focus on that.
“You know I don’t, I am the owner and CEO and you are more important then anything work related, you know that.”
As he was showering away all his feeling David went to the living room and saw Tony’s phone laying on the floor along with his wallet. He place the wallet on the coffee table and is about to do the same with the phone but he sees that he had texts from both Steve and Pepper. He slides the phone open and reads the text.
“I had a bad dream…” Adam begins quietly and barley audible. “And I peed myself...” He ads in the same low tone. Steve’s whole chest tightens in pain at the sight of the scared boy in front of him. He probably expected something bad to happen to him.
David had followed Tony home to his penthouse and they both knew what was coming and Tony couldn’t be more excited about it. He had David pressed up against the wall with his shirt and jacket forgotten somewhere. He kissed and sucked wherever he could reach and let his hands wander over his bare upper body, earning sounds of pleasure from David whenever he hit a good spot. His hands wanders lower and cup his cock outside his pants. “Someone is excited…” Tony teases and press soft kisses along his jawline.
Then when he became a teenager he tried to find a nice girl like his father suggested he do. God knows he tried but the few girls he met he felt nothing for and even fewer even wanted anything to do with him. But when he was 14 he found this amazing guy named Shawn he was 15, hazel eyes, dark blonde hair, more muscular then Tony himself and a smile to die for. It was with Shawn Tony realized he was gay and he began his secret relationship with Shawn. He knew that his father would never approve of him being gay so he just said that Shawn was a friend and Howard bought it for a while thinking it was no harm in letting him have a friend.
Hello there! Its late and I am tiered but you know the drill! Kudos and comments make me happy! No beta so all mistakes are my own!
“Yes I did Tony.”
He sat on the stool he used whenever he was in inventor mode and just fumbled with the things in front of him. He didn’t know what he was doing nor did he really care he wanted to be mad at Steve because that was easier than being angry at a dead man. They had been through a lot together and even though it nearly broke them up at a few points they still made it through and came out stronger on the other side. But this would be their breaking point because he would not budge on this. He would not become his father and force a child to learn everything science related so they could take over Stark Industries.
Steve sighs at his friend. He wanted to hear that he was not crazy and that what he was feeling was not just jealousy. And he really thought that Bucky would help him with this, apparently he was wrong.
When he is 21 his life would start to turn around, he finally had his own apartment after a year of being roommates with Pepper and does some freelance work with programming and coding while working as a barista. He gets by, its not exactly the life of luxury he had been used to but it was enough and he would rather live in a cardboard box on the street before asking Howard for help. It was cold night when he first notices the blonde coming in to the coffee shop for the first time. He was cute and their eyes locked for a moment before Tony returned to wiping down the tables, missing the smile the blonde produced. This would be a recurring theme for the coming months and the blonde wouldn’t order until Tony was at the counter and after four months of this not so discrete flirting Tony wrote his number on the blonde’s cup. They had their first date the very next day.
“These are for you!” He is handed the gifts and the young man is of again. Tony closes the door with his foot and walks to his living room and puts down flowers and boxes on the table ignoring the gift box and head straight to the card that was stuck in the flowers.
“Only mine.” Tony echoes and kisses him again.
“Hey Tony, just focus on your breathing.” He can hear Steve far away but does as he told. Steve had helped him several times over the years and had been the one who taught him the breathing exercises in collage. In through the nose and count to four and out through the mouth and count to four and repeat. His heart seemed to calm down and his chest didn’t feel as tight. “Good Tony… Just in and out.” In for four and out for four he reminds himself. His hand loosens around the knob. “Please stay here tonight so I know you are safe.” Steve begs as Tony calms down.
Steve in a attempt to lighten the mood try to joke. “You don’t need to look at your schedule?”
Tony doesn’t know how but they start kissing and David’s hands wander over his body and they moved towards the bedroom, David shedding both their clothes as they entered the bedroom. Tony ends up on all fours on the bed and David preps him roughly and not nearly enough for it to even come close to feel good for Tony but David moans about how good he felt and how tight he was.
“Yes.” He breathes out and with careful motions Tony begins to put it on Steve’s neck and close it behind his neck, letting two fingers go under making sure it wasn’t too tight then he pulls at the collar and let his lips crash down onto Steve’s kissing him hungrily and passionately.
It is late and they were just about to call it a night when someone caught Tony’s interest. Steve follows his eyes and it lands on an older man he is closer to 40 Steve assumes. His hair darker with strays of silver in it, he was normal built nothing to spectacular but still looked good in his dark washed jeans and dark button down with his sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He looked back at Tony who seemed like a kid in a candy store and that hurt like a bitch! He wanted Tony to look at him like that.
“I know. But we have just started dating and I didn’t want to seem like a douche. And I really liked you so I pretended to like it… Seemed like a small price to pay.” Tony shrugs and takes another sip of the wine. “Where are the kids?” He asks.
“Didn’t know you would be here.” David says harshly not caring that he was being rude. Steve was his biggest threat and he wanted him gone. “I thought it was a family thing.”
It’s quiet between them again and moves over to Steve and runs his hands through the blonde’s hair. “I am sorry for what I said this morning. I know you love our kids and I never doubted that.” Tony rests his forehead against Steve’s. “And if you and I ever were to divorce I would never let you live in a studio apartment and force you to begin working at 58, I would make sure you lived comfortably.” Tony promises him. “But I do plan on spending the rest of my life with you.” Steve smiles at that.
“Have anyone said anything?” Tony wonders.
“See what? You got a haircut?” Steve had not changed his hair in the last six years and Tony knew that.
“I never heard from either of you and you called yourself my friends! David was right you all never cared!” Tony was now facing Steve and his voice was raised.
“But you stopped answering your phone!”
“Six!” Smack. Smack. “Seven, eight.” He breathed out, only seven to go he could handle that. He could make Tony proud. He hits him again over the cheeks one, two, three times. “Nine. Ten.” Oh no he lost count… “Eleven?” He asks rather more than say.
He opens the fridge and takes out a plastic box with a pre-made dinner he had made earlier. Abs doesn’t make themselves he tells himself as he eats his salmon with sweet potato and broccoli for the fourth day in a row. He saved money if nothing else he tells himself and it was nice to just heat food up when he got home.
“Not everyone can inherit a billion dollar company from their daddy like you! Some of us have to actually work to achieve their dreams!” David shouts to him. Tony instantly lowers his head knowing what’s about to come. David was furious and it was all Tony’s fault as usual. He should know better than push his buttons.
Tony Stark had not had an easy life by any means.
It stops suddenly and Tony moves away and he can hear the chair scraping again and he felt those rough hands on his own and before he knew it his arms was down again and the blood came rushing back to his arms. Tony takes his hand and moves him slowly and stops him a few steps and start to bend him over what he assumed was the desk and he was painfully reminded how hard he was but he was proud that he had held on this far. He grips his hands on the edge of the desk. “So good for me.” Tony murmurs. “Flogger or paddle?” He questions.
“Yeah he did. He is surprising me on Saturday with a date. He said dress comfortably and good shoes!” She giggles but she seems happy Tony decided.
“Where to?” The driver ask.
“Are you sure? I mean you are right I choose to stay home with the kids…” Tony kisses him again.
Tony opens and closes his mouth several times trying to figure out what to say, wanting the right answer.  “He is just crude and he will grow on you Steve and maybe he is the one maybe not… I don’t know.” He decides on and Steve nods slowly. Now it was Steve’s turn to decide on what to say.
“Such a good boy.” Tony praises him and smacks him one, two, three, four, five, six times alternating sides making him gasp out in pain he was not prepared for that. He feels Tony’s hand there soothing the warm area. “You are such a good boy for me.” Steve feels warm and fuzzy inside. He was being good for Tony that was all that mattered. “I will give you 15 more and I want you to count them for me. If you miss one we start over.” Tony informs him in that hard tone.
Bucky scoffs. “As if I’d like anything so plebeian as your pale ass,” he says, and hides a smile as an affronted expression crosses Steve’s face.
“Marire,” Thor says thoughtfully, instead of answering his favorite maid. “What do you think of this one? I’ve made it for the dead duck animal that is for the Man of Iron’s kin. Do you approve of the name?”
They’re back in the tower, Eva being questioned in another room by Fury, the rest of the Avengers having disappeared by now. Steve stayed behind, however, to corner a very reluctant Tony.
Then he lost Tony, a man who was all the things Steve liked about the new world encompassed into one person. He was vibrant and funny and handsome and wore technology like a second skin. He was also arrogant and a pain in the ass, but his facade was cracked. Steve knew, he
He tightens his hold on Tony and relaxes against him, tucking Tony’s head neatly under his chin and burying his face in soft black hair. He wonders if having someone to fight for would help him, ground him. Steve is too big, he can take care of himself, and Bucky knows he would catch on to what Bucky was trying to do at the drop of a hat, and probably not very kindly, at that.
It turns out to be Tony and Steve, who are watching him with identical alarmed expressions. Tony rushes over, ignoring the murderous expression that’s sure to be gracing his facial features and starts fussing by his shoulder, running light fingers around it. He twitches, and Tony smacks him on the ass.
Tony shrugs. “He made me promise not to tell.”
,” Bruce says sternly, and the man’s head snaps up. “What happened?”
And yet, from their few interactions so far, Tony didn’t see how any of this could be true. Power seemed to radiate from the man, but it was soft, too. Like his power was for protecting and leading, not the ruthless killer instincts they’d made him out to have. And as for his alleged “sidekicking”, Tony knew that Bucky wasn’t just a mindless sheep that tagged along with Steve wherever he went. He was his own person, and a damned good one at that.
“Maybe not,” Tony agrees mournfully, then perks up. “Can I see Speedy?”
this one was for pain, but he just had to open it, didn’t he?
They start three days after their meeting and sit down to plan.
“So that’s a new development, I guess,” Clint says instead of whatever he was going to say previously.
“I found...something of his, that sort of clued me in.”
Tony grins into his arms. “Okay,” he murmurs.
did this to Steve. To Captain America. To a national icon. He’s reduced him to a man who’s humping another man’s thigh while he gets him off.
Something flashes in Steve’s eyes, several things, actually, but once again, the flickers of emotion are too fast for Rhodey to make sense of them. Steve swallows, hard. “What do you want from me?” he finally asks.
“We should have left,” Tony grumbles, leaning against a wall and letting go of Bucky’s hand before sliding down to the floor and cradling his head in his elbows. “Fucking hell, did you see him just
How much he’s lost is just dawning on him, now, and he thumps his head against the wall, a sick part of him telling him he deserves the pain.
He tells the doctor about his queasiness in the morning, and he gets a thoughtful hum in response.
His breathing starts to pick up and he’s convinced that everyone’s staring at him now, wondering what the hell he’s doing, but he doesn’t dare lift his head for fear of someone recognizing him, and
but he knows that would be going too far.
“I’m going after Bucky,” he says.
Steve turns his head away from Tony’s lips as the man continues shuddering and slurring his name through his orgasm, tucking his face into the side of his neck, a wet strand of hair tickling his nose.
“I was still there for you, but you, you
He herds the others into the quinjet and Tony considers defying orders, but quickly dismisses the thought as his stomach rolls. Yeah, okay, maybe not.
“Steve,” Bucky interrupts, in an even and measured voice that does not match the hurricane in his thoughts
His AI directed him to a courtyard with several metal tables and metal chairs, arranged in a row. Tony landed there, letting the armor fall off of him and adjusted his suit, walking forwards into the middle of the little square, looking around and waiting for his guest.
“Fuck, I don’t know, Rhodey. It just doesn’t seem like a big deal to me. I practically had to
Someone has cleaned his room for him, making it look just like it did before Bucky knocked on his door. It was probably ordered by Tony, and the simple thoughtfulness of the act is enough to make his heart thump weakly against his ribcage.
Still, he can’t dwell on it too long because they’re coming back in three days. Three. Days.
He works quickly with his super soldier efficiency, and by the time he finishes it’s well past noon. He looks behind him to find Tony curled up in a rocking chair, fast asleep. A small smile graces Bucky’s lips without him thinking about it or forcing it, and he makes note of the delicate spread of dark lashes over high cheekbones, the pale pink of soft lips, the gentle rise and fall of his chest.
“He hurt me,” Tony continues, “and I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to feel any of my pain. I know you and Steve were lovers,” he mumbles, and Bucky breathes in sharply.
. “Goddamnit, Bucky, I can’t do this anymore, it’s too much,
“I wasn’t thinking very clearly–”
Tony has some cravings, Bucky gets Mexican food, Bucky and Steve have another fight, Steve has had enough
“Over… there?” Steve asks a little nervously, but pushes himself up on his hands and knees. Bucky nods impatiently and Steve obeys, crawling over childishly before sitting down again, his expression doubtful.
Tony had an itch in his brain, and he hates having an itch in his brain.
“Had things been different, had different choices been made, you might have been the widow.”
They are not alone either.
Nathaniel gently placed a hand over Morgan’s belly. “We came as soon as we heard. Mama demanded no delay.”
Tony thought.
Steve was mesmerized, he has never seen Tony like this, have never heard him speak like this. Tony stood tall, posture straight, an air of authority surrounding him. His voice barely kept the hidden rage quite as he said every word clearly with no doubt or uncertainty.
Maria only stood at Steve’s silence, moving a piece of hair behind her ear. Steve caught sight of the soul name on her wrist,
Maria wrapped her arms around his sobbing frame. There was no warmth to her touch, just a feeling that something was touching him. “Oh Stefano, you both hurt each other, using your fists to speak. Maybe it is time to use your words, and to
At one last-ditch attempt, Tony yanked on Steve’s hair. “Steve, I want you to look at something. You’ve been saying something didn’t feel right in your gut recently.”
“Steve!” Tony exclaimed when his feet left the ground.
“Please Uncle Steve!”
Now six months later all Steve can see is red.
Steve’s mind screamed at him.
“Don’t worry, everything is going to be okay Morgan. I promise.”
Steve kissed Tony again.
had been engaged, Steve and him,
Thor, recently new head of the Odinson family, smirked into his glass as he watched the newly wedded share their first dance. “The Captain and his Avengers are actually an ally of ours. They are a skilled group with mass amounts of potential. I thought you liked that, and besides the Captain was having trouble with his bike. I know how much you love to tinker on your off days.”
Steve was going to sick.
Steve’s breath and his balance was
"Yeah Boss?"
Few mintues later baby bosses A and B now have teamed up against C and D. Festivia might just face the consequences from Boss later if it shuts these idiots up. Rogers keeps tracing the edge of his gun.
Morgan watched as he used his hands to communicate something, what she wasn’t sure.
Aunt Natasha smiled, kissing Nathaniel’s forehead. “We have to leave for a little bit, but we’ll be back when that baby comes. I love you, my little Nathaniel.”
Her daddy and Uncle Steve pulled away from each other. Uncle Steve smiled. “Hello Natasha.”
“I know you’re curious,” Daddy said, sitting down next to Morgan, “and frankly I am too.”
Steve’s eyes felt heavy. Heavy in a way he hasn’t felt since he woke up from the ice. He doesn’t want to open them yet, it’s the longest sleep he has gotten since the final battle with Thanos. Natasha’s and Tony’s funerals were earlier this week, and he has to return the stones in the next few days.  Maybe he can finally-
“Where am I?” Steve found himself asking the same question.
Morgan could see the pride in their eyes when she had managed to build a miniature version of her father’s suit. The very same suit she uses to help others.
“Maybe it’s time to meet some new villains,” Tony suggested.
Tony snorted. “I have no off days Goldilocks.” The Carbonell leader watched the couple dance, his gaze softening ever so slightly. “They look happy. I haven’t seen Darcy smile that big since she was a child.”
Nathaniel and Morgan end up sitting with Uncle Steve.
, became visible in Steve’s line of sight, and the dam he had so carefully built up ever since waking up in this century had finally burst.
Dang it, no matter what timeline kids always knew how to use those puppy eyes. “Okay.”
Clint’s hearing aids were taken and his wife, Natasha, was mouthing every word to him. Bruce, Sam, and Wanda were all still knocked out. Bucky had the most damage though, his left arm had been practically destroyed in an effort to shield Sam. The metal dented in all kinds of places while some of the fingers were welded together from the heat of the blast. It was barley holding in the socket.
Mommy didn't say anything about the box. “He loved you. I want you to know that.”
It must be his little Mechanic.
“Sure boss.”
After the funeral Uncle Steve stops by with a box. Her daddy looked surprised to see the box. Mommy sends Morgan to go upstairs, but Morgan only reached to the top step before Daddy has her sit down.
They both were their when Morgan married Nathaniel.
Uncle Steve was the first to speak. "He would want you to have this, give Morgan some memories of him."
“Thor I can’t believe you.” Tony Stark, head of the Carbonell family glared at his old friend. “Sending me baby bosses to weed out just because you don’t want to.”
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Tony is so fucked, and not in the good way.
Steve ran and ran, until he finally saw it, the tower. It looked just as it did when Steve came out of the ice all those years ago, even having
"You have my full permission to shoot those baby bosses if they pull another dick measuring contest."
“Steve?”
The gauntlet glowed, whirls and clicks of the machinery were the only one could hear in the dead silence. One shot, and the Ten Rings were no more.
Morgan feels her daddy pull her closer, she hears him, though no else does. "Don’t you dare Natasha."
That’s when they heard the first explosion, and then a man and a woman appeared. Both held guns, or at least Steve thought they were guns. The main shape of the weapon was a gun, but it looked too futuristic and advanced to any other gun Steve has seen. They both also have a mark on them, a blue circle with an upside-down triangle in the middle, in the middle of the triangle is an ant for the man and a wasp for the woman. Steve had seen that mark before, on members of the Carbonell family.
,” Tony said, switching back to english.
Tony bit his lip. “Not exactly.”
Two pairs of evil eyes glare at the baby bosses and the meeting flows smoothly.
“You never break your promises.”
Morgan blinked. Her daddy loved Uncle Steve? Looking at her daddy Morgan could see that her mommy was telling the truth. Daddy had that same soft look when he told Mommy he loved her.
“Uncle Steve can you tell me stories about how you and daddy got married? Captain America and Ironman stories!”
Ever since his latest fight with the Squadron, the controlling hypocrites, and he saw that crack in reality, something didn’t sit right with Tony. First of all, he would never use that gaudy color scheme on his armor, second teaming up with those clowns is one of the last things he would do, and third,
Steve smirked, now biting and sucking on his husband. “Well, I should mark my territory then.”
Daddy snorted. “Never in a million years Capsicle.”
“Looks like we found them Hope.” The man grinned.
The Ten Rings had blown up their home and had taken his entire family. Tied each one of them up and was filming something. To who Steve had no idea.
The bride shared a dance with both her step fathers, Uncle Happy, and Uncle Steve. Later when the guests were mostly gone or too drunk to notice, the bride and groom shared a dance with their ghostly parents.
Her daddy choked on air even though he didn’t need to breath anymore. “Sweetie, why are you asking me this?”
How? How could he move on so easily? To be engaged to another just months after. . . after . . . And the media was calling them the soulmates who would change the business empire?
“And make sure he dies of old age this time. I want him alive until he hits a hundred.”
Steve filled in the blank. “Because I was still in the ice up until recently.” He ran a hand through his hair when he froze halfway through. “Tony and Nat, are they?”
Steve had been completely silent the whole way back to the Carbonell mansion. Not saying a single word to Tony even after they made sure everyone was okay. (Barnes would need a new arm and Clint hearing aids, but thankfully Tony got the family there just in time.) He just followed Tony like a silent shadow, all the way back to Tony’s room.
. “If I remember correctly phone calls are a two-way street, just like love.”
“Steve!”
Steve left the common area. He couldn’t stand the looks. Couldn’t stand seeing Clint and Natasha holding hands, but leaving enough room between them where their third part of their bond should be. Couldn’t stand the seeing Wanda trace that singular world across her wrist, tracing
Steve grinned as he laid his mechanic down. While their first date was still the best night of his life tonight would surely be in the top five.
.” No Tony did not whine. “Pepper will kill us both if you leave another mark for the board members to see.”
“Friday, Jarvis, pull up the family tree of the heads of the Carbonell family.”
Steve whipped around, in a dark alley he saw two of his teammates, Bruce and Clint. They were waving him over. He could hear Clint talking to Shield through his earpiece. “Don’t worry I got him, I’ll bring him in soon.”
“And I was in New Mexico where Thor first showed up, he was there as well. He remembers too,” Clint added. “We found each other, and then we found Bruce. Thor made a deal with his father to return to Earth earlier than what originally happened. We also looked into a few others like Scott and Rhodes, but it seems we are the only ones who remember.”
Festivia Carbonell read the text that her neighbor tried (failed) to discreetly type under the table. It was better than listening in on the dick measuring contest happening before her.
“I love you 3000.”
Festivia looked over. Steve Rogers, codename the Captian. The only baby boss at this table that Festivia has respect for. At least he tried to get shit done.
“You’ll have to fight Carol for that title.”
his mother?
“You’re in a New York hospital Captain,” the woman answered.
Maria continued like it was any other conversation they had in the past. “Peggy looked ready to shoot you again while Sarah felt just as I do. I sent Peggy to check up on Antonio, Sarah went with her. They wanted to make sure the new scar on Antonio’s chest is healing properly.”
Festivia's neighbor snorted. "You can say that again."
“I promise.”
“Perv,” Tony grumbled.
Marriage. Such a beautiful thing, two lovers joining in matrimony, and two families coming together as one, or to strengthen an alliance such as the case with the marriage of Darcy Lewis of the Carbonell family and Loki Odinson of the Odinson family. Two of the biggest mafia families sealing their alliances with a kiss.
Morgan listened as two chairs scraped across the kitchen floor. “I have one more promise to keep in the forties, but I promise I’ll go to him right after.”
Steve had met Tony when Thor took him to Tony’s shop to get his bike fixed. Steve took one look at the smaller man, his dark curls, tanned skin, and he could already hear Cupid nocking his arrow. Then they got to talking, and Steve learned how smart Tony really was, Cupid had hit his mark. Steve knew he needed to see Tony again.
Steve bit his lip, he knew it was time to make his move. “Do you want take it on a test drive with me?”
Bruce and Clint had taken Steve to a nearby café where they could talk without Shield overhearing them.
“Tony!”
were soulmates. Yeah, they never announced it to the public, but the only ones who needed to know were the Avengers. And
Serveral rumors have spread throughout the city of the Captian's lover. A mechanic he met at random auto shop that had no idea about this life. Helga from the Odinson family tells her that the mechanic believes Rogers only does security work and sometimes transportion.
The woman, Hope, looked each one over. “Looks like it Scott. Come on let’s get them out of here.”
Brother and sister in bond but not blood sat next to one another, on the porch of their home, sorting through memories both new and old, watching the past, present, and future to the worlds those memories reside in. Seeing the many lives, they have lived.  An odd experience to see all the possibilities if one was not familiar with it.
Festivia fully turns towards the mechanic . . . and blinked.
. “You know I had to fight off both Sarah and Peggy to be the one to come see you.”
His grip tightened on Tony. The Captain and Iron man had met when they both targeted one of the Squadron’s fake charity events. Steve Rogers and Tony Stark soon after entered a whirlwind courtship and in what felt like a moment in time they were married, in and out of the suits.  They always had to be careful when in the suits, the Captain was still off the grid while Iron man famously worked alone. Missions always had to appear like they were never connected.  Even in their civilian lives they had to keep their marriage quiet for that one what-if situation. Going on dates in remote locations where no one would think to look for them or recognize them. Marriage had made things easier with spending time with one another but also put the stakes higher for them now.
Festivia received a wink from the mechanic.
Steve flinched at the nickname. She was always doing this, for as long as he could remember, twisting his name into an Italian version. He used to love it, a special nickname, now he knew he wasn’t worthy of it.
Festivia smiles. "No, I think it's good for you. After all the best heads of our family always had someone they loved."
“Oh really?” Thor grinned like the Cheshire cat. The fucker. “You’ll be such a pretty bride Anthony.”
Morgan turned towards her daddy. “Daddy, do you love Uncle Steve like you love Mommy?”
Steve was not expecting any visitors when he came back to his borrowed room in Wakanda. So, to see this particular visitor, especially since he hasn’t seen her since before finding out that Peggy had died, was a quite a surprise for him. Right as Steve entered the room he knew she was there, standing there in her five-foot five dominating presence with dark curls, and fiery attitude.
Steve had heard that voice before, has heard it when Thor used it, when he has used it, and now hearing Tony use it he knows it means one thing.
“So you’re part of the Carbonell family?” Steve asked. The blonde traced his little mechanic's mark, it was old.
The brother rests his head against the sister’s. “You of all people should know someone can love more than one person at a time. But they do say timing is everything.”
sound comes from the Captain's phone that he holds a little too tight. He responds, verbally and on the screen. "Can you shoot them now?"
Morgan’s gaze drifts to the side of the bed, she lets out a breath of relief. There was her Uncle Steve. He looked younger too, much like the old pictures of him she’s seen.
“Reward?” Natasha asked cautiously. Tony looked at Nova skeptical.
over and over again
Her daddy and Uncle Steve hug her from either side. “We love you Morgan.”
“Alright you two, enough or you’re going to scar the kids.”
Morgan doesn’t cry at her father’s funeral. It’s not that she doesn’t understand that her father isn’t coming home, she’s not stupid she knows that her father is dead. After all the proof is sitting in the chair with her.
The dance ends, and Thor fully turns back to his fellow leader. “So how did the meeting with the Captain go? Maybe you can secure an alliance with Sharon marrying him.”
"No can do. Unfourtnley being a representative of the Carbonell family means I can't shoot everyone who pisses me off."
“Well, your bike is all good to go,” Tony said as he cleaned off his hands.
Tony and Natasha looked at one another. A second chance? A second chance for what?
“And finally, the notorious Captain, who has still remained unseen and a complete mystery.”
Tony leans back into his husband, absently running a hand through Steve’s blonde hair. “You’re like an overgrown puppy Steve.”
Nova said nothing. They led the two humans to the lake near the house where they waved a hand over the water, showing the humans a specific life instead of a random one, and then pushing them in.
The next time Morgan sees Uncle Steve he is old and wrinkly.
Tony shakes his head, a certian look in his eyes. "Thunder thighs introduced me as a mechanic to fix his bike. I wanted information on these Avengers, at first. His desperation to keep me out of the mafia has blinded him a little bit."
Steve watched as the screen stopped on a beautiful woman with dark curls and the same bambie eyes as his little mechanic. The next picture was Tony.
to one another. Maybe you’ll find that not everything is what it seems.”
Tony was in his lab, watching the video for the hundredth time. His armor discarded, leaving the genius in his flight suit. Jameson’s voice and criminally hideous mustache playing in the background on the most wanted list one through seven.
in Steve, like a mother disappointed in her child. “You know to call me Zia, Stefano.”
The sister grabs the brother’s hand, trying to not let the memories surface of the couple on the farm. She could think of them both separately without too much pain, but both of them together in her thoughts made the ache worse. “I hope they're happy.”
What are they all doing here? Are all of Tony’s friends part of the Carbonell family? Does Tony know? Is his little mechanic safe?
Looking in the same direction Morgan saw the Barton family, and they had a ghost too. Their ghost was sitting with the youngest Nathaniel, she was pretty with bright red hair. Morgan realizes a moment later that the pretty ghost is Aunt Natasha. She thinks she remembers hearing something about another smaller funeral for her later in the week.
Daddy looked younger than Morgan had ever saw him, his hair darker, and a greater muscle mass. He never fully recovered from his trip to space. He looked lighter than Morgan had ever seen him, like he was Atlas with the world no longer on his shoulders. He was see through now too, and he could float. He was still her daddy though.
He was sitting in front of the computer again and was as mesmerized as any child could be. It had taken Tony six months of carefully thinking it through and another year to get the adoption to go through and it was three years ago the little boy named Charles, but they called him Charlie, had become a part of their little family. The boy who was turning 8 in a few weeks was always amazed when he was allowed down into the lab with his dad, which was fairly often, and Tony showed him experiments or they messed with JARIVS or Dum-E both which Tony hoped he would take over one day but he was okay if wanted to pursue something else in life to because he would never force Charlie to become him.
. We’ve been together, what? Two months? You guys knew each other for
It’s not clear what the pain is for, but the reason for the horror is all too obvious: he deeply regrets what he just did and wishes he could take it back, and isn’t that just a warm and fuzzy feeling around Tony’s heart?
Clint looks at him over the counter skeptically. “Really? Dude, this is the second time. Something’s up.”
He’s always been one to fall fast.
Bucky is sitting on the train, squashed up sideways in the corner with his right arm to the door and his left shoulder pressed against the seat, when he realizes he fucked up.
Occasionally, when his defenses are low and his mind is too tired to try and regulate his notions, Tony's thoughts will drift to a specific scene, one that makes his heart flutter and stomach drop in the most pleasant way, and the corners of his mouth curve up in a grin.
Tony reaches behind him blindly and grips the hand that’s rubbing soothing circles into Tony’s back, gripping it tightly in his own.
“How is your relationship with Steve right now?” Bucky asks carefully, and watches as Tony’s face closes off a little. It pains him, but he can’t think of a gentler way to break the news of what he’d done.
in the mood.”
“Do you want to get another jacket?” he asks and immediately notes how Steve visibly forces himself to flinch.
Bucky shrugs, finding himself searching for something to talk about. He juts his chin in the direction of his arm on the table. “What happened with that?”
. “You aren’t, and I’m not either, Steve.”
He’s feeling much better now and contemplates whether the consequences are worth it if he goes and joins the fight. It sounds like it’s going to take the whole day, and Tony wonders what exactly they’re doing. He thinks about asking JARVIS to pull up feeds but decides against it, not wanting to see the rest of his team out there without him.
“Jesus, Steve, that’s a new level of depression.”
It’s only later that it occurs to him that for the first time since the Winter Soldier, he’s really truly laughed. He wasn’t even sure he knew how to do that anymore. The thought will comfort him later in the safety of his own bed, and provide him with his first full night of sleep, even if it is a bit restless.
But, surely, this is what Bucky would have wanted? He already has the both of them, what would be better than Tony and Steve getting together too? Maybe it’s unfortunate that the circumstances had to arise like this, but Tony refuses to entertain the idea that Bucky isn’t going to come back. It’s out of the question.
“That’s good,” Rhodey murmurs. He pats Tony’s knee a little and clears his throat, handing the photograph back.
The Soldier tucks away the gun he had in the folds of his coat and goes over, waiting a moment before awkwardly placing a hand on his shoulder blades.
, when he sees a bit of color poking through and he frowns, because this is the last drawing he remembers doing.
She can’t quite hide her laughter this time. “It looks lovely,” she squeezes out, and Thor huffs, casting a glance to the corner, where the other five stuffed animals lay against the wall, all with bizarre colors and features and cloth name tags with names (that Thor thought long and hard about, dammit), embroidered onto them.
“Woah, woah, don’t shoot.”
“Do you think he’s sick? Or drugged?”
He doesn’t love Tony, he
At first Tony can’t believe his eyes.
Bucky’s nervous, suddenly, and is angry at himself for feeling this way. “Can I talk to you?” he replies, and Steve studies his face for a minute before nodding.
“I know,” Rhodey says gently. “I don’t want to see you get hurt again.”
“So, what?” Tony presses. “What did you find out?”
“Why can’t you just leave me
which is a thousand times worse than tense. Tense means at least civil, but angry means Tony’s really done something wrong.
“Is that a Bucky Bear?” Bucky blurts out, because holy shit. He’d completely forgotten about those. Which is understandable, but still.
At the word
“I’m not going to ask you to do that, Bucky,” Tony whispers, and suddenly he means it, because he gets it. This whole thing doesn’t completely revolve around him, and it
“No I don’t,” he argues, trying in vain to turn the device back on or override whatever Jarvis did to the tablet, all the while trying to remember what he was working on in the first place. “I’ve worked for longer before.”
Bucky nods slowly. “That’s true, but also, I don't really see the point of waiting; Steve and I are getting the help we need, Tony, and if something changes, where we think we won't be able to be in a healthy relationship anymore, we'll let you know. But right now, it might be beneficial to have something to tie us together. Plus," he smirks, "I want my dick sucked. What’s stopping me from dating the both of you?”
“I’ll give you pain meds,” Tony assures him. “I’ll even knock you out,” he offers.
The Soldier finally steps out of the shadows, the now familiar gun trained on him. Honestly, this was getting a little old. Something was held in his metal hand, clenched tightly in his fist, and Tony briefly wondered what it was, then figured the Soldier would tell him if he felt he needed to know.
He thinks it’s growing nicely, and he even makes progress on it a couple of days later.
Bucky snorts. “Easy, Captain. You’re wading into dangerous territory here.”
After that, it’s on.
“What’d you do? Did you piss off Steve again?”
*coughs awkwardly* so that happened. I, uh, hope you guys liked it, and if you leave comments or kudos I'll love you forever <3
Steve kisses him.
“Fuckin’ hell, Steve, I’m not asking for a damned soliloquy!”
“Is it the arm?” Steve asks, sounding concerned. “Shit. Okay. Up you get.”
Steve leaves off the plundering of his mouth to suck brutal hickies into his neck, his hand reaching down to grasp the other man. Tony moans again and slumps against the wall, tilting his head up and baring his neck to Steve, who growls and nips the side of his neck lightly, enough to leave faint teeth marks but not enough to break the skin.
JARVIS gently guides Bucky through scrubbing his hair and scalp with the shampoo, before rinsing it out, telling him to put the conditioner in only the ends of his hair and let it set in while he washes something else.
Bucky freezes. Steve stops breathing. Tony’s just uncertain.
“You know,” Tony says, and hooks a finger under Bucky’s chin. “I can think of several things you can help me with.”
At this very moment, choking on his tears with his forehead pressed firmly against the wall, shoulders shaking and jaw trembling, Steve wants to give up so badly his very bones shake with it.
, hadn’t he, because life without Bucky was no life at all.
All too soon Bucky is gasping into his mouth urgently, his hands trembling on the table as his back arches and he moans long and low, emptying all over Tony’s hand and the silver of skin his rucked up shirt revealed.
And to that, Tony doesn’t know what to say. “I’m not breaking up with you,” he says faintly, and turns his head to look at Steve, who’s clenching his jaw so hard it looks as though it’s about to crack. His eyes are fixed firmly on the floor, and if Tony didn’t know better, he’d say he looked as though he was about to cry.
“Why?” Bucky manages to rasp out as Tony gently nudges him aside and turns on the coffee machine.
he reminds himself, and then realizes he doesn’t actually care, so he does lean across to steal a bite. Bucky raises his eyebrow, but he doesn’t comment, and Tony smirks, satisfied, before shoving the rest of his breakfast in his mouth and standing.
Bucky ignores the roll in his stomach at her attention and focuses instead on carefully rattling off the three words the woman told him outside, trying to mimic her pronunciation.
“You’re not wrong,” he says, and winks.
“Can I help you?” Steve asks, evenly, calmly. His face is drawn, tired, and Bucky knows that if he didn’t have the serum there would be impressive bags under his eyes. There’s a light scruff on his jaw, too, as if he didn’t have the willpower to shave.
“Ta-da!” is what he says instead as he whips off the cloth and reveals the surprise.
“You go finish the mission. I’ll go.”
“Alright then, what do you suggest we do?” Tony asks easily.
“Natasha, quickly. We’re going to be landing soon,” Bruce tells her, handing a fresh set of clothing to Thor in one enormous pile that is easily twice the size of Clint’s.
to get him to do me, and now that I have her I can’t imagine…”
“Yeah.”
He remembers Tony being the first person that truly gets to him. He had gone and saw Peggy, and in her old and weathered state she was more like a photograph or memory coming to life than an actual person he knew, and Steve had hated himself for feeling that way for hours afterwards.
“Oh. It’s you.” He sounds oddly disappointed.
that if he had bothered to try to pry them apart, even a little bit, he would have found a genuinely good person under its shell, someone who was just trying to make up for the mistakes of himself and those before him and do the next right thing.
Steve grits his teeth. “Just go, Iron Man. We’re wasting time.”
“It looks just like the Harley’s we had,” Bucky breathes, and Tony rocks back and forth on his heels, a grin stretching across his own face.
Bucky almost screams when Steve lifts his shirt up and reaches his hand under it, tickling the soft skin over his abs before he breaks into wheezing laughter, pushing weakly against his hand.
To his immense surprise, Steve does it without questions, pulling Tony tighter against him as he buries his face in his neck. “How are you feeling?” Tony asks quietly, wondering how the other man is going to respond, if he does at all.
“Thank you,” Bucky says, and a little bit of the light comes back into his eyes.
“Sort of,” Steve says. He leads Bucky down streets, weaving between people with an ease and confidence Bucky used to have. Not anymore.
It’s Tony’s turn to clear his throat, now. “And me?” he asks, trying not to sound like a petulant child.
Tony starts to shake his head, but then slumps, defeated. “Yes,” he says in a small voice.
Newspapers only saw him as the Winter Soldier, the ruthless killer with a kill count of over eight hundred. The machine a terrorist organization brainwashed to do their bidding and wicked deeds, an abomination undeserving of forgiveness or respect.
Was he really the person to contemplate on whether he loved a man or not when his old boyfriend was
you.”
It goes on like this: drawing after drawing of the most painful moments of Steve’s life, moments he had to put out on paper because he felt that he would surely kill himself if they only lived in his head, replaying forever on a sinister loop.
“Bucky helped me,” Steve mutters. “And now he’s gone,” he chokes, and pushes his face between Tony’s shoulder blades, his nose poking into his spine. It’s uncomfortable, and as Tony’s shirt begins to get hot and wet in the back from the other man’s tears, he thinks that he should probably be comforting Steve right now, should turn around and tell him that everything’s going to be alright, but he just can’t.
Any suggestions, requests for future chapters or comment oneshots, and constructive criticism will be seriously considered in the comments, and replied to!
“Oh, believe me, I
There’s Tony in the Iron Man suit with the faceplate down as he smiles disarmingly at someone, Tony in a proper fabric suit arguing with a few other men in his workshop, Tony looking absolutely
The kiss is soft, and warm, and slow, and perfect, as far as Bucky’s concerned. Tony’s lips are soft, if not slightly chapped, and Bucky maps them as best as he can with his own. Bucky closes his eyes and pulls Tony as close as he can, mindful of the bump between them, careful not to pull too hard. He tilts his head slightly for a better angle and Tony kisses him like that, sliding the hand from grasping his jaw to the cupping the nape of his neck to tangling into his hair, forcing Bucky closer. They stay like that for what must be at least half a minute, the kiss never deepening, until Tony pulls away and opens his eyes slightly, giving Bucky a slightly shaky smile.
Bucky can barely nod, fighting not to let his eyes roll back into his head with unconsciousness. Never in his life has he felt pain this extreme, even when Hydra cut open his back to put in the metal framing for the arm, or when he got shot four times as a punishment for failing to kill a mark. It feels like liquid pain is being fed into the rest of his body from the arm, and it
“I’m a fairy,” Bucky had answered miserably, still refusing to make eye contact. “A poofter, a pansy.”
“I’m pregnant,” he tells her, voice scratchy from crying. He looks up at her, noting her pursed lips. “Did you know?” he asks softly.
He shivers and shakes himself, rolling out his shoulders. Right. Lemons. That’s what’s important here.
“If you’re sure,” she murmurs.
“It’s that bad,” Clint grumps, one hand holding the towel around his waist while the other scrubs a second towel through his hair. “God, everything’s tingling. I feel like I just had sex with a loofa.”
“And let me guess: you guys screamed at each other for a while.”
“Steve? Steve!” Tony calls out the other man’s name as he hurries as fast his pregnant body will carry him to the door. It’s slightly ajar, with no light spilling from within the room to the hallway outside, and Tony swings it open, only hesitating a little.
“Don’t cry,” Tony murmurs, at a loss for what to say. He isn’t sure of the thoughts flitting through Steve’s head, but when Steve suddenly turns to him, a fresh tear rolling down his cheek, Tony makes up his mind for what to do.
, that he cracks the book open, takes a peek, and promptly drops it. He flies to the ground to pick it up, turning it the right way and gazing, his jaw dropped, at the drawing there.
“I don’t…” Bucky looks down, clenches his hands into fists. “I don’t know what to fucking
Maybe it was time, Steve mused the next morning, rolling a pencil between his fingers. The weight of it should have felt familiar, but all he could think of–rolling the slim cylinder between his thumb and forefinger–was how he’d used it to draw so many terrible things.
Tony moans softly as Steve takes the opportunity to nip and suck lightly, his hot breath tickling Tony’s ear, before he surges up again to press his lips to Tony’s, like he couldn’t bear to leave them for long. Tony laughs a little helplessly at that thought, and Steve bites him gently in retaliation, tugging the skin between his teeth and pulling lightly.
“Are you alright?” he asks, reaching a hand out as if to touch him, but stops the motion halfway so it’s just awkwardly hanging in the air. “Bucky?”
It takes a moment to realize what Steve’s saying because this is the first time since the incident that Steve’s called him Tony, not Stark. He feels something uncomfortably warm stir in his chest, and he stomps it down before it swells too much to be coherent.
Calculations are scrawled in the corners of most of the schematics, and Bucky is pleasantly surprised to see that he recognizes a few of them. Not enough to explain to someone how they worked, but perhaps enough to name the equations themselves.
This is yet another food he feels he should recognize easily, as well as the language they’re speaking. He knows the name, he does, but it’s hovering on the tip of his tongue, unwilling to come to mind.
Steve’s already there, facing away from him when he finally goes outside. The day is slightly colder than it’s been so far, but he doesn’t shiver, not even when a sudden breeze sweeps beneath their coats as Steve does. Super soldiers run hot, he knows, so it wasn’t for show. Steve really is cold.
Tony gags again, but the hand is helping. The press of his is different than Natasha’s, much firmer and less assured. The hand is bigger, and when it starts rubbing hesitantly it covers much more area, soothing him instantly. It grounds him, and as he straightens up and slowly starts taking in breaths, the hand doesn’t leave, which Tony is immeasurably grateful for.
Steve nods his head, gesturing for Bucky to follow him, before going through the doorway and stepping to the side, allowing Bucky to go first as he locks the door. Bucky isn’t quite sure what to do so he just keeps going forwards, completely blind.
Bucky takes the opportunity to wash his nether regions and back, before washing it out as JARVIS told him to do. After, his hair feels smoother, somehow, more creamy, but then again, the last shower he had was a hurried one in the quinjet, and the one two months ago in Tony’s workshop.
sorry it's late
“The police could have handled her until we arrived.”
“I will,” Bucky promises. He tries to smile, but it fades into a grimace. “I’ll be back,” he mutters, and Tony nods and leaves the room before things can get any more uncomfortable.
Bucky nods. “You said you wanted that door painted, so I offered it to him.”
“Can I help you?” he asks innocently, blinking up at them.
Marire stifles a laugh in her hand. “You’ve spelled it wrong, Thor. That says “Qua-cakers, not Qua-ckers.”
“I know, I know,” Steve says breathlessly, giggling when Bucky slides down and lifts his shirt to blow a big raspberry on his stomach. His abs contract with his laughter and Bucky traces them with his eyes quickly. Washboard abs, indeed.
me. How immature of you, Rogers.”
He’s instigated enough conversations, he thinks.
,” Bucky says, reaching up to tug a hand through his hair and
Sometimes he would lay in bed before going to sleep and consider Bucky’s position. Was he really that much of a charmer? Or was he like Tony, forced into a role to protect himself and get attention? These thoughts would haunt him, and often keep him awake for hours at a time in the dead of night, contemplating.
A soft knock signifies Bucky’s arrival, and Tony’s quick to discard the tablet and stand up, only groaning a little. Bucky’s fresh and wet from a shower, and Tony’s not sure why, until he leans closer and spots twin rings around his eyes.
When he woke up, Bucky was gone, the warmth of their apartment gone with it.
“About a month and a half.”
“Why so tight, Capsicle?” Tony asks, leaning casually against the side of the quinjet, faceplate up and a wicked smirk painted on his face. The other man is standing in front of the ramp, spine so ramrod straight and rigid, he almost makes Tony feel guilty for slouching. Almost.
He lets Steve sleep quietly for about an hour, before the aches in his joints grow a little too pronounced to be ignored. He gently leans back until the other man is resting against pillows and his headboard, and extracts himself from the bed, crossing the room quietly to the bathroom where he relieves himself and splashes some water on his face.
“I told you I was fine,”  he finally replies, and the tears don’t spill over, but it’s a close thing. Steve wipes his eyes impatiently with the back of his hand. “I’m not fine,” he says slowly, as if tasting the words on his tongue.
“Thank you, Tony,” Bucky says, pure happiness in his eyes when he says the words, and God, Tony could swoon.
“No, Tony, of
, suddenly, you were here again. You were
“Well, I am, okay?”
Bucky cranes his neck against the cold metal, willing his super solider hearing to extend that much further…
“I just assumed you got it from Natasha,” Tony says, growing more bemused by the second. “Or Rhodey, since he was here a few weeks ago.”
last last thing I promise: come join me on Tumblr! My user is 21greendragons and uh I post about fanfiction and stuff. also a stuckony bingo will be going out soon. okay thanks bye!
Steve pins him with a look. “I know why,” he repeats. “Don’t lie to me.”
He tells her no, he hasn’t, and she starts to frown. “I see,” she says, and marks something. “And you did tell me you felt remorse and guilt after, correct? And that you felt the rage was somewhat all-consuming?”
“Just jerk me off, asshole,” he tells Bucky, and shivers in anticipation when Bucky chuckles quietly but pours out some onto his fingers, rubbing it to make it warmer. He reaches for Tony’s cock with his flesh hand, this time, and Tony very gently stops him.
Steve leaves.
Rhodey sighs. “Come on, Rogers.”
Steve smiles at him, a grin that’s a little too crooked, a little too bittersweet. “Want to go get cheesecake? I know a place that’s open until midnight.”
Bucky doesn’t reply, too busy running his fingers through Steve’s hair and stroking his cheek, murmuring something too quiet for Tony or Bruce to hear.
. A small hole in his heart he didn’t know he had slowly stitched back up, and he ginned helplessly into the air, listening to her ramble on, asking how he’s doing and congratulating him.
“Steve,” he says gently but firmly, waiting until he acknowledges that he heard Tony. “Steve, we’re right here. Both of us.”
Steve looks at Tony. “I’m okay with whatever I get,” he says shakily, and Tony takes a deep breath.
“No,” she whispers after a moment’s hesitation. “I did have my suspicions,” she admits. Her eyes stray, and she seems to be thinking about something. “Who was it?” she asks, just as softly.
In the middle of his little mechanic’s chest was the mark of the Carbonell family.
Her daddy blinked at her, like an owl. He is hesitant, but he has never lied to her on purpose before. His answer was quiet. “Yes sweetie.”
Morgan smiled up at her daddy’s ghost. She’s not worried, her daddy promised that things would be okay, and he always keeps his promises.
“Remember your promise!” Morgan yelled.
“I hurt him,” Steve sobbed. “I hurt him so much that he found someone else, someone who
Boss leaves early and Festivia finds him waiting for her. She steps in the limo.
They were having an Avengers picnic when Uncle Steve showed up with Mommy. “We almost made it to a hundred Pepper, just a few years off.”
written across the top instead of the Avengers logo.
him.”
Morgan races down the stairs, her father flying behind her. “Uncle Steve!”
“Of course, sir.”
Steve is seeing way too many familiar faces. Tony’s cousins, Sharon Carter, and Cadan Jones. Friends of Tony’s that Steve has met dozens of times before such as Rhodes and his wife Carol.
“Mrs. Stark” Steve whispered as he saw the ghostly woman sitting on his bed, legs crossed at the ankle. Before, he would have fondly called her ‘Zia’, as she instructed him to do years ago, before the ice, before the serum, back when he was just a sickly kid in Brooklyn. Back when his ghostly friend had been his only secret. Now though, he had absolutely no right.
Before they could stroll down farther on memory lane the brother and sister took notice of a shining light coming towards them. A celestial being, creatures who help guide and guard those souls who have moved on to the afterlife. Often not having a defiant form or gender, switching and shifting like the wind, often identified by a mark on their foreheads.  This one is called Nova, who prefers a female form of whatever species they have imitated. Today she was a small human girl with tanned skin, and long, black curls. A six-pointed star sits on her forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why would I go to Steve? Why are you so obsessed with Steve!?” Tony question his voice raised as well.
He puts his phone down and heads for the bedroom and their closet where they hid their, what was once a box but right now it was a small section of their closet, where their toys were. He pulled the drawer out where they had the butt plugs and took the blue one out and a bottle of lube before closing the drawer again. Trying not to look around to see if there was something missing to get an idea of what he was getting tonight other than the spreader bar. He hurries out with the items and into the shower remembering Tony’s words about a scrub down and takes out the body scrub they had and Tony’s shampoo and conditioner to soften his hair even more. Usually he was more of a bar of soap kind of guy but he had instructions to follow and he wanted to make Tony happy.
“Yeah maybe but you sure as hell feel stupid.” Tony says through the tears. Steve notes how pale his friend look. He didn’t look like that a few hours earlier.
“JARVIS Show family album.” In an instant all the pictures they had stored during their years together showed up on his screens and he smiles. It was pictures from their wedding day and Steve looked so amazing in his military uniform, they looked so happy. The next picture was taken from far away but you could see his excitement, he had just found out that Bruce’s daughter Angelica had been accepted to Harvard and he was just about to embrace her into a hug when the photo was snapped. The next one was him with Clint’s children playing football. He looked through several and there were always his friend’s kids nearby and he always seemed happy and carefree when they were around. He moves to his office chair that is more comfortable than his inventor stool. He smiles as he shuffles through the pictures. And suddenly he finds a picture from when he and Steve just started dating or maybe not just started but they were a few months in and had just gone to their first weekend away and they had gotten a stranger to take a picture of them in sunset. Steve who was slightly taller than Tony had rested his forehead against Tony’s looking him in the eyes and Steve had promised then and there that this was forever and he never wanted to let go. And to this day he had kept that promise, the picture made him feel warm and fuzzy inside in a way only Steve could make him feel.
“I think we should take you to the hospital. You don’t looks so great.” Steve is worried and it shows in his entire body.
“Gre… green sir.” He gets out waiting for the next hit to come.
His phone beeped informing him that someone wanted him something, he takes and unlocks it and sees that it is his friend that wants to see him.
” Pepper just nodded before placing a last kiss onto his forehead and then they were alone in the bedroom. “Come here big guy…” Tony’s voice was soft and fragile like it would break any minute.
“Hello there!” Tony was confident and could get any man or woman he decided he wanted unless it was six foot tall, blonde and 220 lbs. of muscle then he became terrified and was certain that said blonde would laugh at him, but he pushes that thought aside for the moment since he was trying to flirt with someone else and hopefully get the blonde to be jealous. “My name is Tony Stark. What is yours?” He had his most charming smile on and look into the green eyes with a hint of hazel Tony notes, the man in front of him smiles back at him somewhat nervous and shy but a smile none the less and as he reaches his hand out to take Tony’s he replies.
“I am sure he is planning something fun and out of the box. It’s Happy after all.” Tony assures her. “Do you even own anything other than Jimmy Cho?” Tony teases and Pepper just stick her tongue out in a mature fashion.
“I got your order mister.” Tony teases and puts the bowl and mug down on the bed table.
“Mhm.. yeah sir.” He groans as Tony ads more pressure to his perineum and he tries to move with him making the beads move more. “Please…Ahh” He wanted release now. But Tony would not give that to him yet he knew that. But his fingers felt so good! Tony drops the riding crop onto the floor and let his hand do lazy strokes over his overly sensitive shaft by now. “Ooh god please… oh s’good… Please…” He begs wanting nothing but release from this painful buildup but of course Tony knows him well enough to know when he is about to come and stop right before and takes a step back letting Steve breathe for a moment and calm down.
“Green… so green sir.” He breathes out. Tony doesn’t reply to it but he feels a soft kiss on his shoulder and a hand holding on to his ribcage squeezing softly. He lets go and Steve takes a deep breath in knowing that Tony will start again soon. He feels the callused fingers move along where he assumed a red mark was because Tony had hit him there and he enjoys the roughness of the finger against his back pushing slightly into the touch making the beads remind themselves. Like he could forget them he thinks to himself.
“No!! Shots!” The brunette share a look with Rhodey who just laughs and shakes his head. He knows that if Pepper wants shots they are doing shots! So they order in tequila and they all know that they won’t be able to get up tomorrow but it would be worth it because Pepper would be happy now. She claps her hand and jumps in her seat as they share the shots in front of them.
“No more shots for you Potts but I can get you a glass of water!” Tony offers.
“Can the three of you shut it! I don’t want this in tomorrows paper!” Tony hisses at them and stops in front of them. “Happy can you just take me home? I need to rest apparently.”
“Yes Tony?”
Steve looks up and tries to decide what he should tell his husband, the brown soft eyes that looked at him made the choice easy. He could always tell Tony the truth. “What if I fail?” He questions, his voice was barely above a whisper.
“If it not my boss it’s you who is always trying to make me look stupid!” Another kick. “Why can’t you just shut up?! All I do is love you but that is not enough for you, no you have to push my buttons and make me angry!” David shouts louder but stops kicking him at least that is something. Slowly Tony gets up from the floor and up to standing only to get a fist to his left eye. “You make me do this to you Tony and I don’t want to.” David cradle Tony’s cheek softly making Tony flinch thinking there would be a slap. “You know I don’t want to hurt you…” David says softly and rests his forehead against Tony’s.
“He had a long day and I had been at SI all day forgetting to make him dinner and we were supposed to have a night together and…” He defends him and logically Steve knows that this wasn’t the Tony he knew before this relationship and he should be as supportive as he possibly could but he would not stand by and allow him to go back to that relationship.
“Take my card. If you decide to leave him just give me a call and I will help you.” She sounds so honest and genuine he almost believe her. “It took me four time trying to leave before I left for good.” She admits.
“Not saying yes is a no in my book and I respect that, I respect you.” Steve explains to him. Tony bites his lower lip as if he was stopping himself from saying something. The silence is interrupted by Steve’s phone ringing. He grabs it in case it’s the hospital or someone needing a place to crash for the night but is surprised when he sees Tony’s name on the screen. “Tony I need you to be quiet because I think it’s David and I don’t want him to find you okay?” He explains as gently as he can, not wanting to seem intimidating to Tony.
The hoodie he choose was the one Tony constantly stole from him and it still had the lingering smell of expensive cologne, toothpaste, detergent, metal and machine oil, scents that shouldn’t go together but mixed so well when it was on Tony’s body.
“Lets go!” Tony tried to drag David away, but it only seemed to fuel his rage.
It was quiet between them and Steve wonders what is going on inside Tony’s head. He decides against trying to convince Tony that David’s behavior was abusive and controlling. He was pretty certain that Tony already knew this, deep down but he knew and didn’t need another nagging voice. He should talk to a therapist that could help him figure everything out and the support group at the church where people who had been in similar situations.
“I couldn’t sleep so I took a walk.” Tony lies. It was easier to lie to David then Steve. It wasn’t like David believed him anyway. David always assumed he lied and that he was cheating on him every time Tony left the house.
That was a scary thought that made him wide awake and sleep refusing to come over him. He should be exhausted he knew but he was to strung up to even consider falling asleep right now. He sighs and turn on the TV letting the infomercials run in the background as he pretended to watch them hoping that sleep would finally come to him.
“Almost done sweetheart.” Tony promised him. He just nods because he was not allowed to speak unless he was an asked a question. He focuses all his attention on sitting completely straight while Tony completed his work and played with his hair. He wanted to do good for Tony. That’s why they did this. So he for a few hours could focus on Tony completely and just making sure he makes Tony happy, so for a few hours he could forget that he was Captain America and the world counted on him to save it whenever it was in danger, so he could forget that the Avengers counted on him to make every decision and it was his responsibility whatever the outcome was. It was nice to just take orders for once and forget the responsibility he has. He was never scared or worried, Tony would never hurt him more then he wanted or put him in harm’s way besides Tony never did anything to him he hadn’t consented to beforehand even if Steve wanted to be surprised he knew Tony would never go outside his limits. And today he wanted to hurt.
“I touched myself in the shower… making myself come.” He feels ashamed and looks down fidgeting with his hands. “I am sorry sir.”
“You okay?” Steve murmurs into the shoulder and Tony just nods.
“You need to let go or he will do something.” Tony hisses to David again knowing Steve will always be stupid kid who punches people to protect Tony, even at a public event. Tony looks up and sees Steve coming closer.
Carefully he places the phone beside the wallet and moves back to the bedroom waiting for Tony to come to bed and maybe he could convince Tony that they should start moving this coming weekend instead of next month. David smiles smugly to himself knowing that soon enough he would be the only person Tony would ever need because nobody could love Tony like he does.
“Yeah… It was a lot of things I stopped doing for his sake. To make him happy…” He admits and takes another sip of coffee. “Today was the first day in almost nine months I was at SI. I have worked a lot from home lately…” He stares intensely at the coffee like he was scared to look anywhere else. Like he thought that Steve would say that David was right and he should sacrifice his life to make David happy.
The first one comes down fast and hard. “One.” The next on the same spot. “Two.” The next two hits come on his thigh. “Three, four.” He gasps at the pain and clenches his teeth. He takes a break. Letting Steve breathe for a second before it landed on him again with a loud clash “Five!”
“I have been there for almost 10 years I can’t just switch.” David replies.
Steve who had never been able to say no to Tony on his best day was sure as hell not going to tell him no when their time together was limited to hours. He walks over to the bed and goes under the covers so Tony can lean on him, an arm around his now bony shoulders drawing invincible patterns onto the skin there, Tony’s head find its way under his chin. It felt good and secure, like nothing could take Tony away from him. But the thing that was taking Tony away from Steve was not an outside threat but on the inside of his body.
“Come for me sweetheart.” That did it for Steve and he lets go and get the release he had been longing for all night and he hears wood breaking. “You broke the fucking desk.” Tony chuckles behind him and Steve barley register it as the waves of pleasure runs through him leaving him a heaving and panting mess. Tony pulls out and somehow gets Steve on his knees, barley knowing what side is up. “Open your mouth sweetheart.” Steve does as he is told and Tony slips his dick inside his mouth and he can taste himself and the lube on Tony.
Things are not going great for Tony and his friends tries to show support and be there for their friend. But David have other plans for Tony.
“Yeah.” Tony promises. “And I will be better with the house.”
“Yeah it was delicious thank you.” Tony replies and it’s quiet between them not knowing how to breech the subject.
“Yeah sure. Just be home before nine.” He informs her. “You guys should head to school.” He says as he gets up from the table and start clearing it. Tony was still on the phone but seemed calmer then before as Steve pass him by he squeezes the shoulder softly before moving into the kitchen with the dirty dishes and he hears Joanna and Adam going out the door saying good bye as they do. As he puts things back into the fridge, put the dishes in the dishwasher and cleared the table Tony finished his phone call.
Steve moves closer so he can kiss his fiancé before murmuring against his lips. “Only yours.” He promises.
“Want to share a cab?” Steve wonders. “I have a morning shift tomorrow anyway so I should get going as well.”
He wants the weekend to come fast!
Steve barley spoke to him in the coming weeks. Minimum contact and only when necessary like when Joanna asked if something was wrong because papa and daddy hadn’t talked all breakfast or that they didn’t hold hand when going out. Their house was quiet and Steve avoided Tony if he could, hell he even suggested Tony to go and work in the office.
After their not so great first attempt at sex almost a month ago, David had been prince charming, he was still feeling bad about it. David had bought him flowers and other gifts, taken him out to lunch and dinner dates, bringing him coffee before work and showing up at work to surprise him trying to make up for it and make sure that Tony knew that he cared and that he was sorry for what had happened and assuring Tony that it wouldn’t happen again. Tony’s days was spent talking to him on the phone or texting him and at the end of the day they usually met for dinner before they made it to bed and David picked him apart before putting him back together in the most amazing way.
“Tony what is taking so long?” Steve joins them in the doorway shocked to see the man he had heard so many horror stories about. “Come here baby.” He turns to Maria and lifts her away from Tony and onto his own hip before placing a soft kiss on Tony’s cheek and a look that let him know that if he needed him he was there then they disappear back into the kitchen.
“Found you a new toy that I just had to try out on you today.” Tony informs him and push the small item in, he guess anal beads and that was fine he could handle that it was not overly stimulating and something he could control. Then the next bead pushed inside him he groans slightly by the action he would always enjoy being entered by Tony or other things, normally a thought like that would make him blush but he was so far beyond that limit right now. He groans again when the third bead enters him. “There all done.” Tony informs him. “Good boy.” He lets go of the hip and Steve tries to balance on his own and he realizes that these where no ordinary beads. He could feel small vibrations through his body with every little movement he made causing him to groan. “Yeah those will vibrate whenever you move...” Tony’s hot breath on his ear made his body shiver in pleasure and then he remembers that he was not allowed to come… Yeah this would be a tad bit harder than he had planned.
Except for one thing. The constant phone calls and text messages from David trying to get him back. But he ignored and blocked but he got new numbers or emailed him, a few times he had been outside his work and home. Tony had threatened to call the police on him if he didn’t remove himself from the premise.
Before he opens the tub of lotion he moves to take of the collar but Steve grabs Tony’s wrist and stops him. “Just a little while longer okay?” He asks quietly a blush creeping up his neck and ears.
His body is there, but the monitor is flatlined.
Uncle Steve laughed. “Maybe then he’ll stop making fun of my age.”
It happens suddenly. Morgan is already at the hospital, a checkup for her first child. Her mommy calls her. The serum can’t keep up with his body anymore, his heart is shutting down.
Tony glanced at something behind Steve’s shoulder, giving the tiniest of nods. “Okay.”
"So I'm guessing he doesn't know?"
“Steve!” Her daddy launches himself at Uncle Steve, both of them holding and kissing each other like only lovers could.
“We are offering you and the other original Avengers a second chance,” Nova explained slowly. “A do-over if you will.”
Maria hands Steve the flip phone, identical to the one he sent to
Morgan grinned and hugged her daddy, “I love you 3000.”
“Can promise me that when Uncle Steve dies you’ll marry him?”
Tony smiles back. "Oh, and Festivia."
“Pepper, he loved you.” Uncle Steve tried again, his voice still breaking in certain spots. “I was a fool who let go of all the wrong things.”
The door opens, revealing the same woman that had tipped Steve off the first time that something was wrong. All the same mistakes as before, from her outfit to her
"Too bad." Rogers must have received another message, the small smile on his face told her all.
This meeting was supposed to be about that new political scumbag who is trying to "crack down" on their activities. Supposed to be.
There was no trace of anger in Maria Stark’s stare, no matter how much Steve wished there was. Maria’s stare was so much worse for Steve to look at. Maria looked . . .
A half lie. The Avengers were mainly used in the taking down of Hydra, a rival gang that emerged during World War 2 and kept reappearing like a weed. Once in a while they will transport important family memebers who need the outside gaurd, for the right price of course.
Back in his Shield apartment, Steve read over the files given to him, his eyes glancing at each one until he landed on the one he wanted most.
Better get a good look at this mechanic.
Tony turned. Steve gasped.
"What’s up star child? Came to visit little ol us?” Tony greeted with a lazy wave.
“Nova, what do you mean?”
Clint and Bruce glanced at each other before nodding. All three men looked ready to be sick. The two who gave up their lives less than a month ago to them still had years left now to live.
Festivia sees Barnes return out of the corner of her eye, another with him.
Years pass, Uncle Steve was a constant in Morgan’s life, just like her daddy’s ghost. Both of them were there for all the big events, and all the little ones. Uncle Steve helped her mommy pick out Morgan’s school, with her daddy throwing in his input, repeated by Morgan. They were there for her graduations, her science fairs, every award she had earned they were there.
Steve looked up, pouting. (Yes, you are Steve! Don’t lie!) He studied the video from Tony’s fight earlier, the fight they used as a distraction while Steve destroyed some of the Squadron’s warehouses. His eyes widen when Tony hit the stone on Dr.’s hand. His husband’s armor was red and gold instead of the usual “Go, Avengers!”
The group of eight make their way through the hall, every once in awhile, one of the Ten Rings lackeys would try to attack. They were easily taken care of by a well-placed punch, or by those strange guns that Scott and Hope had. The guns were interesting, they didn’t shoot out bullets, but energy blasts. They were beautiful and deadly, and only a genius could make them. Steve could only think of one little genius he prayed wasn’t here. The group kept walking until they are in what Steve has dubbed as the “throne room.”
Tony winced but nodded. He knows how much Steve hates lying, but technically he didn’t lie, just didn’t say the whole truth either. Tony counts the exits, three if he counts the window that is five stories up from the ground. Tony counts his hidden weapons. Ten hidden all around the room, the closest to him being in his nightstand.
“What is going on?” Steve demanded.
Steve’s eyes shot open. It’s that same game, the one from 1941, the one Shield tried to use to trick him. He looks around the room, the same white and green walls, same white curtains with the same backdrop peeking through the windows.  Steve looks down at himself, a white Shield shirt and khakis, the same clothes he wore the day he woke up seventy years in the future.
