"I huh…" Jack interrupts, his white jacket blocking his vision field so the attention goes back to him. "I'm sorry, but… I did something. I think he's not gonna be happy about it. He told me not to try anything else but... I couldn't leave him." Dean's heart jumped, and his neck turned to face the kid so fast he thought it would snap.
“Okay, you be good, don’t yell, don’t fight, and if someone attacks you, what do we do?” he asks, raising a brow.
“It is, Cas. We’re short with one son, but it is.” Cas laughs and raises his head, finding those pretty greens he loves oh so much.
They finish everything up by three in the morning. Jack fell asleep after Cas put the cherry pie in the oven, and Claire is now yawning uncontrollably. Sam looks tired too, but stays to help Cas clean everything up. They say their goodbyes before returning to Eileen, and Cas tiredly closes the door behind him. Dean is still fast asleep, and remains that way after Cas slips back in the bed carefully, the spell still working.
Dean furrows his brow, what is this for anyway? He has to question Cas. He follows Eileen to the kitchen, only to find it empty, but now there are two flowers on top of the counter. One is a rose in a pretty shade of violet, and another one that seems violent to him, with pink petals and a big, white center.
New York is extremely different from Kansas, the place where they grew up, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind. Even when they were kids, he knew that his brother would grow up to be a famous person.
Still, the disgusted look the waitress gave them made him feel uneasy. So, he decided to make the most of it. Once Cas finished sipping his drink, he took him by the jaw and brought him in for a kiss, a tender one, and Cas's response to it made his knees turn to jelly.
They make their way there in silence, enough words being already spoken, but something else is different: for the first time, after brushing them and longing for it, their hands are clasped together, their fingers intertwined in a firm grip that reminds them to never let go of one another, a thing they shouldn't have done in the first place.
They eat between laughs and talks, snarky comments, and a few pieces of bacon flying over everyone’s heads that Miracle cleaned instantly.
He was brought back to reality when Baby began to squeal thanks to the speed, so he took his foot off the pedal and shook his head in a desperate attempt to keep his mind clear enough to make it alive.
"You son of a bitch." Great, the tears came back. But he doesn't care now, he's not interested in that anymore. He knew it was Cas, the material of his trench coat felt the same.
“Alright, come here.” Jack hugs him tightly and kisses Dean’s cheek. Dean kisses the top of his head and sighs. “I’m proud of you. Go have fun.” Jack nods and runs inside, trying to find the desk with his name on it. Dean tries to swallow the tears, but a single one escapes.
“As long as you’re not a fucking traitor,” Crowley states, reaching out to Meg, who shakes his hand aggressively.
He hears a knock on the door of the kitchen and he runs towards it as fast as he can to catch Cas putting it on, but he’s instead greeted with no one there and another flower taped to the door. This time there’s a few branches of a small flower.
He checks everything as he sees it —golden stars, pencils, crayons, candy— and once he’s done, he puts the notebook back inside his bag.
“You don’t have to lie to me now, Cas.” Dean swallows, his Adam’s apple going up and down, and Cas has to stop himself from following it. But he fails and decides that kissing it will offer a distraction from serious topics. Dean groans and falls back in the bed. “Don’t. We need to get serious today. It’s been more than a month since you came back, Cas.” Dean puts his hands on his shoulders, putting some space between them.
“You’re on it.” She pushes him slightly so she can close the door and Cas makes his way to Meg’s car.
It’s kinda funny, he’s been doing this for eight years and it still feels like the first time he got inside a classroom when he was twenty-two. Making a checklist is something he picked up from his student days, and it helps him remember everything he needs to.
Finally, once he drinks the last drop of apple juice —Dean reminds himself to buy more— he jumps off his chair and runs upstairs, possibly towards his bathroom to brush his teeth. Just as Dean is about to get up, Sam raises a hand and grabs his plate and his empty mug.
“Hey there! How old are you?” she raises a full hand and a finger. Dean gasps exaggeratedly. “Wow! You’re a grown-up!” he smiles at the kid and turns to see Jack getting out of the classroom completely calm, which means he’s last. Dean says goodbye to Benny and walks over at his son, whose hands and laced together. Dean smiles, he got that from Kelly.
And after that, Jack falls asleep on Dean’s lap, his energy drained, and they make their way back to the Impala. Dean carefully places Jack on the backseat before making his way back to the driver seat and ask Cas for directions.
“Did you sleep well?” his voice is hoarse, raw, and his throat feels like sandpaper, but he doesn’t say it out loud, he doesn’t want to drink water and break the magical moment. Dean’s smile spreads wider as he sighs, his thumb circling in his skin, and then he nods.
He bit back, a snarky comment of the many that came to his mind, but he's not there, at least not mentally. Was that how Chuck felt when Jack took his powers?
He grabs his things and opens the door to get out of there, mainly because he just doesn’t want to think about staying there for another minute without having something to do, and makes his way to the entrance. There, principal Mills nods at him and smiles. Cas waves his hand at her and squints his eyes under the bright sun, trying to find Dean and Jack. When he does, he jogs next to them at the corner of the street, where they wait for the light to go red so they can cross the street.
“You’ll love to be with me.” She pretends to gag, making him chuckle. She was so far gone with the actress she wouldn’t even try anything with Cas.
“I’ll go, you help your brother. Don’t worry.” He smiles slightly and Dean nods not so sure. They kiss chastely before Cas returns to their bedroom to change his clothes. There, he takes his phone out and messages Adam.
"I might have saved someone," he made eye contact with the older man, "and you know where to find him."
As soon as Eileen saw Cas, she hugged him so tightly he couldn't breathe, and that had Dean laughing so hard he got the death glare from Sam.
“Michael was manipulated by dad. There’s no way he’s leaving your brother alone, he loves him.” Cas points his head at Adam, who is now trying to follow Jack and Claire’s dance moves. “He’s coming back. As a human, too, there’s no way he’s getting his powers back.” Cas brings Dean closer. Less than thirty seconds.
As much as he tries, he can’t stop the memory he’s hit with, driving around New York with Kelly as shotgun, singing along to Kansas, and then moving to the backseat. Seven months later, her fragile frame showed up at the door, her face filled with tears, her stomach round and looking even bigger with her low weight.
“Oh, hey there buddy.” He no longer can hear what animals mean, but he has heard them long enough anyway to know what they mean. “It’s crazy, right? I still can’t believe I’m back too.” The dog jumps on the bed and lifts his paw at Cas. “Attaboy, Dean trained you well.” He smiles and hugs the dog. “As long as I would love to have an entire conversation with you, I’m afraid Dean will go crazy if he finds you on top of the bed. Let’s go.” He untangles his legs from the sheets and the heavy blankets and snaps his fingers so Miracle comes down.
Dean found another rock—slightly larger than the first. When kicked, it rebounded off the metal dumpster with a distinct
“Our interactions were professional and to-the-point, as was Mr. Novak’s personality. I know little about his personal history other than he has a clean record and a very good credit score—or his social life, other than he was planning on raising Jack by himself.”
He learns that Cas learned to fight after a bigger kid at the orphanage, Raphael, took to making him his personal punching bag—but that he also has a degree in Philosophy from the University of Chicago. About a year ago, he moved to Kansas to help out Anna and Samandriel after her “embarrassing excuse” for an ex-husband left. He takes the four-year-old to daycare in the mornings, which is why Anna knew something was wrong when he didn’t show up. In addition, he calls Gabriel every Sunday only for his brother to harass him about why he didn’t go out on Saturday.
“That is a disturbing joke,” he finally declares, stealing one of Dean’s fries in return. “What’s another one?”
—and Hector was forced to sign NDAs until his hand cramped—but that didn’t stop the thrill he got from seeing the chaos unfold. He was essentially a member of a live studio audience, watching the best reality TV show on the planet. Plus, every once in a while, he was able to swipe a little something, something that supplemented his income nicely.
“—chances are that the layout of the rooms echoes a place that you or your soulmate know well—their home, for example. It’s why people who sleepwalk tend to not run into walls—because they remember all the turns and obstacles.”
Dean winces a smile. “I’m sure Cas will appreciate seeing you when we get him back,” he answers, as confidently as possible.
Lisa shook her head. “I can never understand how someone who gets impatient waiting for microwave popcorn to pop can stare at the sky for hours on end,” she marveled, rising to pour herself another glass of water.
Past Dean still has John's voice in his head, that’s pretty clear. It’s what makes him frown at his older self for walking around in a robe and slippers, like owning anything
Eventually, Alfie points out that it is ten to the hour and they all need to get going if they don’t want to get yelled at. Cas, however, stops Meg from leaving at the last second with a hand on her arm.
Castiel glared past the mesh red eyes to whoever was inside the costume until he snatched his leg back.
“I’m saying you’re alright. Sometimes,” Dean grumbled, and yet, he followed it up by pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s forehead.
“I--” Sam clears his throat and a few seconds pass by painfully slowly. “Absolutely, Dean, I’d love to help,” he states next in an obvious attempt to sound casual.
… the author decided, closing the distance between them again, fingers hovering over—but not actually touching—Dean’s cheek. “I… am very grateful you aren’t married,” he confessed, quickly. “I thought you were and I… didn’t enjoy it at all.”
security measure was more for Dean’s pleasure than because it served an actual purpose. “Who is it?” Dean called from the other side of the solid wood door, doing a very bad non-Dean impression.
finally made a bridge over to that island of his and brought along all their misfit toys. Probably didn’t even realize what an accomplishment that was because they made it look so easy.
Certainly, Dean didn’t want to a few minutes ago. But Cas was able to do this so easily—and there’s something about the angel giving him an out—like he always gives him an out when it’s time to talk about something hard—that makes him feel like he has to speak now. Of course, he really wishes he had a beer in his hand while he did.
“Ha! I’ve already made that deal,” Dean points out. “And it didn’t change me all that much. Sure, I tried the whole ‘live every day like it’s your last’ thing—but it wasn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Even
“It makes me wonder if maybe you and Dean had the right idea—going about things like you did,” she murmured.
“I, uh, tripped,” Dean murmured, though the situation was rather self-explanatory. “On this…” He picked up the white and blue stuffed plush. “…whatever the hell this is.”
Of course, I can’t tell him any of this. Instead, I attempt to soothe his obviously frayed nerves. “We might not always be on the same page, Dean, but, if it helps at all, I didn’t want to leave you then, either. I regretted leaving your side often in those days.”
“So, since you and my son seem to be—close,” Naomi mentioned, pacing like Cas had—but slower, the sound of her heels punctuating every word, “Perhaps
“Nope, never seen him before,” Nick replies, popping the ‘p’ without even looking down to see who they are talking about.
Cas remembered all too well the pain that that headline had caused him. He wasn’t exactly sure what the actor sensed on his end, but “What I felt was definitely not the equivalent of accidentally kicking the coffee table.”
Clearly, the universe had orchestrated their meeting. Who was to say that anything he felt about Dean was genuine?
I stare at him, the blue in his eyes even more startling in the sunlight that it was when I first saw him in the library. He stares right back, cocking his head, curiously.
“Something something I’m a dick who wants to kill everyone,” Uriel rumbles back, while fake Cas stares and Sam’s hair changes lengths repeatedly in the periphery.
He jogs back to the property line. “Are you Anna?” he asks, when he spots the redhead from Cas’s lock screen, but he is already reaching to pull up the caution tape for her.
“Dude…This isn’t my attempt to break out of Shawshank. But I’m hungry—and if we take as long as we have been on the next twenty-six questions, I’m guessing you’re gonna be feeling it soon too.”
fans look tame,” he promised, grinning the smile of someone younger. “She came to the restaurant with a whole ass wedding album, including a page filled with pictures of fuckin’ elaborate man buns—”
it to me so that you can see my reaction and stop worrying?” Castiel proposed, in part to soothe Dean and part because he could feel his own curiosity brimming.
“I… never inquired,” he responded with a frown. He supposed Naomi must have considered the possibility, given her circumstances. And just for a moment, he wondered what that would be like—if he had never existed. Maybe when Bartholomew had come around, their relationship would have had a real chance at succeeding…. Of course, that prompted a whole other series of questions for Castiel. What about Dean? Did the existence of soulmates mean that he, Cas, needed to be born? Or was he just the person deemed most compatible for Dean out of all the available options, and without him, the universe would just select the next person on the list? But if that were the case, wouldn’t people whose soulmates had died get another mark…?”
Gabriel, who had been distracted by the boy standing next to him, turns back to Dean with the interest of someone whose TV show just got interesting.
And yeah, Cas groans just like he thought he would, rubbing at his temples with his hands. “I wish that it was possible to hate you right now.”
Just wanted to thank you all for the nice comments and kudos and for following along the increasingly long ride that is this story.
“Sorry to interrupt all the boy gossip,” Charlie cut through the general hubbub. (She didn’t seem sorry at all.) “But I thought you should know… the posts just went live.”
Dean rolls his shoulders back. “I’ve already said it would be nice if some other hunters—ones I didn’t know and don’t really care about—wanted to share some of the responsibility for the next Apocalypse. But, other than that, I guess it seems like such a waste that Sam and I—and you—have this bunker and all this experience hunting monsters and no one to…pass it on to.”
To Susie’s credit, she tries to be fast, but that also means he doesn’t get a break between strips of hair being ripped out. Charlie tries to distract him with snide comments about April’s makeup, and how Michael always looks like he’s got a pickle up his ass, and it works to an extent, but nothing’s as good as feeling Castiel’s hand wrap around his.
“You weren’t kidding about the mischief, I see?” Castiel lifts a hand, dragging his thumb over Dean’s cheek, almost without a thought. He stands so close—close enough that Dean feels the heat of his breath on his face and smells the honey and sunshine on Castiel's skin.
April’s mouth snaps shut as she blushes a deep, beet red. Yeah, Dean knows about the scam she’s got going on—he’s
“I should warn you all,” Castiel says, excessively nasally now that his meds are wearing off. “I’m sick.”
It’s so overwhelming that all he can do is turn away from them and head for one of the open doors before he starts to hyperventilate.
“It’s time to reveal the top picks of the week!” She opens the envelope and pulls out the slip. Dean looks over at Hannah, who smiles, and he shoots her a wink while taking her hand across Charlie’s lap. “The second-place spot goes to… Hannah Becket!”
"You deserve the very best this life has to offer," Castiel whispers with so much pain brimming in his eyes.
Slowly but surely, and with more coaxing than should be necessary after a two-year relationship full of kinky sex, Dean comes out of the closet—er,
bad. So, he steps into the room and makes a beeline for Castiel, who's already watching him from his chair with a tiny little smile.
Dean watches as TV Castiel takes up the flower in his hands, twirling it between gloved fingers as he looks down at the startling sapphire petals. He takes a deep breath, hesitates for a moment, then closes his eyes.
As quick as he can, Dean undresses, peeling off the bandages Castiel had so carefully applied, before turning on the shower and stepping in. The water pressure is divine—somehow better than in his own room—and it makes him want to spend hours under the spray, just soaking in the heat and comfort of this place.
For a moment, his heart stutters, anxiety rippling through him as the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. He can feel eyes on him, but when he looks up, it's only Benny, standing by the double-doors and watching as he and Hannah move into the dying garden. The air rushes from Dean's lungs in a whooshing breath, and he lets himself relax for the first time in hours.
“It’s fine,” Castiel says almost absently as he focuses on his task. At some point, he lowered himself to his knees in front of Dean, and Dean
"Fucking terrible," Charlie grumbles, slumping back on the bench and closing her eyes. "Do yourself a favour and never get poisoned, huh? You'll thank me after."
Dean already knows about the pledge of allegiance, but meeting the families? That was Castiel’s idea? After a moment, he clears his throat, feeling his cheeks flush as he looks anywhere but at Susie. “Do you think he’ll like my family?” His words are whisper-soft, but it’d be impossible for Susie not to hear with how close she is.
Castiel laughs, a low, rumbling sound, but doesn’t leave him be. Instead, he stoops over, holding out his hand for Dean to take.
“God, I hope he picks me,” a young girl—probably no older than eighteen or nineteen—says right beside Dean. She’s pretty enough, though she sneers at Dean when she catches him looking, almost as if to say
Dean doesn’t look away for even a second, though he knows the rest of the room is in awe. The Crown Prince doesn’t show himself to the public often, so this is truly a treat to most in attendance.
This one isn’t that bad. It’s kind of great, actually—this morning’s ruder-than-necessary wake-up call aside—and maybe there’s nothing wrong in the whole wide world on this Monday, and you know why?
. Dean throws a hand up, bracing himself on the door as Castiel shoves him forward. Keening moans fall from Dean’s lips unbidden, pleasure spiralling inside him with every grinding thrusts of Castiel’s cock against his prostate.
To Dean's utter astonishment, tears shine in the prince's eyes but he blinks them away as fast as they well. The jokey tone leaves them and Dean's heart aches once more for the young prince, but when he opens his mouth to ask Castiel to stop, he's doesn't get any further than that.
Charlie and Hannah crawl into his bed without a word, snuggling under the duvet and hugging him close.
The car ride is more than a little awkward, what with Castiel staring at Dean, and Dean looking anywhere else.
And without so much as a backward glance, Castiel exits, leaving the tray of half-finished treats, his crown, and
“Duma should be here shortly—” Dean hears Castiel say, but he cuts himself off so fast, Dean’s not sure he ever really spoke. There’s the sound of soft steps over the floor, then a weight over Dean’s body—not heavy, but warm and comforting. Dean snuggles into it and breathes a contented sigh.
Well, isn’t that just fucking dangerous. So much as lean on the wall and it falls through? Not so secret, huh, and just plain stupid—
“No, I can’t believe you’d even suggest it.” Come on, he knows Castiel is mad—panicking about too many things to name—but Dean knows he’d never forgive himself for ruining someone’s life over a photo in a tabloid magazine.
“Please, follow me,” Castiel says, and his voice is smooth like silk. He turns on his heel, not waiting for Dean to collect himself, and Dean hurries to catch up, following the swish of robes skimming across the polished floors.
“Is it over?” Castiel asks, blinking his bleary eyes at the rest of them before looking at their half-finished game.
“Last week,” he says on a deep exhale. He runs his fingers through his perfectly gelled hair and busies himself in looking around the room. He might as well just come out with it. “After the ceremony last Friday. Castiel came to see me and we got to talking—”
With a shrug and a cute little smile, Dean pushes past the sadness swelling in his chest, and he hopes it's enough to fool Duma, too.
!" He shifts on his stool, careful not to lean back, and grins wide. "Before Thursday, I didn't know the Novaks have apple orchards, but it was the best surprise, and the
“Uh, yeah,” Dean whispers back, startled by the shift in tone, but he goes with it, leaning in close enough for Charlie to whisper in his ear.
Everything moves too fast. The rain, as it falls, and his tears, as they do the same, sliding down his cheeks and soaking into the grass.
Dean follows, watching Castiel as he turns a solid brass astrolabe over in his hands. He sets it down on the tiny stand, making sure it tilts just so and reflects the light in dazzling brass stars.
“Oh, the one she’s crushing over?” Jo just about breaks her neck trying to see him. “Too bad she’s such a bitch or we could’ve invited her along.”
"I, uh… I went out to a club." He shrugs, like that'll do anything at all to make this less terrible. "Got in some trouble, but you know that already."
It's right after the Fan-Favourite's revelation when he shoos off the reporters. Dean remembers being overwhelmed and exhausted and so upset by what April was saying—that she'd stolen Castiel's first kiss—that he snapped at Castiel, who was just trying to help.
Dean chuckles, but it’s awkward and unsure as he scuffs his feet in the dirt. “Good strange, right?”
“Sure have.” Dean lowers the sword, swinging it by his side as he fist-bumps Charlie, their fight over. “Good, aren’t I”
When Susie is done drying his hair, she runs some Gell through it, styling it nicely so he looks presentable. He thinks maybe his goodbye to Susie will be harder than he expected—he’s grown fond of her in the last week, and he knows she likes him more than she lets on.
“Early-twenties?” Dean says it like a question, and Castiel stops with his hands on Dean’s inner thighs, ready to push them apart.
Castiel grabs his face, hands gripping both cheeks as he pulls Dean in. Then they're kissing, hot and deep and passionate as the tunnel's light fades to darkness.
The best part about being locked in his room for most of the week is that being let out feels like he’s experiencing everything for the first time again, leaving no room for the vomit-inducing nerves that had been curdling his stomach all afternoon. So, he takes in the sight of the ceremony room without fear, his eyes wandering the space even before he gets all the way inside.
,” Castiel whispers, like he knows what’s coming. He grips the armrests of his chair now, fingers digging into the expensive leather, and Dean can’t seem to tear his eyes off Castiel’s pleading face.
Dean doesn’t mention Meg’s comments again, and neither does Charlie and Hannah, but he can’t stop thinking about it as they wander through the gardens.
“Stand still,” Susie snaps, tugging at the cord zigzagging down his back like she’s trying to squeeze the air from his lungs. He feels like the Pilsbury doughboy, crammed into a too-small tube, seconds away from bursting at the seams.
He shoves the thought away as Susie finishes up, dropping a pair of leather shoes at his feet. He scowls at them, both recognizing them and not.
Dean swallows back his snarl, his hand clenching around his fork. “You think I’m lying.” It’s not a question, but Meg still scoffs like the answer is obvious. Dean nods, “Well, I can assure you there are plenty of locals selling in the market, even today, that can attest to my fabulous acting skills.” He sits back in his chair, a winning smile on his face as Meg rolls her eyes.
"You can sit with Graham behind us," Castiel is saying, a firmness to his tone that Dean doesn't expect. Like, either way, they're going on the ride, whether Russell likes it or not.
Dean thinks about it for a minute, feeling the challenge in Jesse's stare even without looking at him, and he burns with the need to follow through. God, what is this place doing to him?
liking? Being the favourite is a big deal, after all.” Dean huffs, annoyance surging again when the guy cuts him off. Shit, he doesn’t even want to do this interview, the least they could do is let him
Dean makes his wandering way through the hallways, taking his sweet time in finding the dining hall because really, who cares if he learns which fork to use and when, as long as he uses one at all, right?
Dean laughs, “Damn straight. Anyone else want to go?” Dean does a slow turn, cocky and overconfident as he spreads his arms wide. When he turns back around, it’s to find his prince watching him with a hint of a smile. “What about you, your highness? Fancy a duel?” Dean arches an eyebrow, heart racing as he waits. Should he really be doing this? Is it crossing a line?
His ribs crack off the steps, stealing his breath, but he doesn't get a moment to feel the pain before he's hauled to his feet and slammed against the wall.
His mom dips low in a curtsy and his dad ducks his head in an awkward bow. Castiel just nods as Dean stands there, watching it all unfold with a buzzing kind of energy in his veins.
Dean pulls away, his breathing a little unsteady, and his heart still pounding away like a drum. “There,” he whispers as Castiel’s eyes flutter open, revealing blue eyes filled with something more than appreciation. Something Dean refuses to put a name to.
So, Castiel gets him a glass of water, stepping into the bathroom with a quick glance behind him. He doesn’t look too dangerous, like a leaf in the breeze, honestly, so Castiel takes a moment to breathe deep, get his shaking hands under control before he goes back out there. God, he knows it’s shitty, but, uh… the guy is fucking
He leaves before he can dig himself any deeper, and Castiel doesn't follow, but as the anger seeps out of him, dread sinks in, hollowing out the pit of his stomach. He wants to run back—to apologize and beg for forgiveness—but he's not sorry, and he meant every word.
He feels like he’s five years old again, with scraped knees, an empty pit in his stomach, and so much sadness, he doesn’t know what to do with it all.
Most of the chairs are empty, as they always are at Sunday dinners since Castiel usually doesn't show up and the cameras don't bother filming after a long week of non-stop work.
Pants, too, then. With a sigh, he drops his drawers and kicks them across the room where they catch on his pedestal in a rumpled heap.
Dean scoffs, his eyes narrowing to a glare as the corners of Castiel's lips tug into a grin. "You would not!"
“What do you say, Cassie?” Lucifer snatches up Dean’s sword, shrugging out of his suit jacket before Castiel has a chance to answer. “For old time’s sake?”
. He never should’ve put his name in for this whole thing in the first place. At this point, he doesn’t even think
Hannah, April, and Meg stand so close to Castiel, they're practically in his lap, and the prince it eating it up. He just fucking loves it, and it makes Dean sick.
“You don’t know how? How did you get up the first time?” Castiel strides over, a wrinkle between his brow and his head cocked to the side.
The tension eases from his bones when he reaches the wooden door, and he heaves a sigh when it closes behind him. There’s a sense of calm in the dull, grey light that cuts across the stone steps as he ascends, and even as he pants for breath, going round and round as he kicks up dust, the air is easier to breathe in here.
That's when Susie notices his red face and shaking shoulders. Her eyes narrow on the prince, one finger pointed right at his nose as she leans in. “You… you little brat. Don't think this is the last of it for
“Anael,” Castiel says, turning toward the voice, and there she is, Castiel’s fiery attorney and her team of suited assistants. “A pleasure as always.”
“Oh, my apologies,” Castiel says and takes a step back, but he stops, his eyes narrowing in concern as he tilts his head to the side, his hand still clutching the door handle. “Is everything alright?”
It’s a three-tiered vanilla cake with honey-buttercream frosting, dusted in gold paint to match the theme. Twenty-one candles fill the three tiers, and it’s topped off with a sparkler candle in the shape of the number twenty-one.
For a moment, Dean aches for what they have; he wants the love he can see in both of them—he wants to have that with Castiel—and it has him feeling like an intruder, peeking in on something he's on the precipice of losing. He wants it so damn bad it hurts, and the fact that he might never get it terrifies him more than almost anything.
He opens the door and finds three more flowers resting next to the wall where Cas was taken by The Empty that day. He crouches down and takes them all, analyzing them carefully, caressing them as if they will break underneath his touch. One is a red tulip, but he has no idea of what the other two are; one is white, small, when compared to the tulip, and the other is a bunch of tiny flowers that look like a cloud.
He takes out his phone to look at the hour. Ten AM, they still have a hell lot of time ahead before they gather; so he stands up and gets inside the kitchen, watching everyone move around while trying not to bump each other or knock over the various mixtures that are already ready.
He already knows the meaning, but reading it from Cas’s handwriting is just different. He follows Cas’s instructions and goes to the closet, another flower falling from it as he opens the doors. It’s a branch of white, small flowers. Next to it is a slightly bigger yellow flower.
“I guess you already know what I intended with this little… game, to put it easy.” He chuckles, and he can be damned again if that ain’t the most beautiful sound on Earth. “And I guess you already know that I want to do this properly, so…” Cas lets Dean go, goes down on one knee, and opens a small box. There’s a silver ring with a small diamond on it, nothing fancy, nothing big, just perfect. “Would you make me the luckiest man and former angel in the whole fucking world and marry me?”
“I’ll help him, I don’t know when I’m coming back. You finish your breakfast.” Dean doesn’t say it, but he’s so damn grateful for him doing that. When was the last time he completely ate something because Jack wasn’t hurrying him up?
And the rest of the kids rush in, but there’s one that stands out. Or more like his dad does. He’s in his late 20s or so he appears, and his beard has Cas weak on his knees; he’s wearing black joggers, a tight grey t-shirt, and white sneakers and oh he looks so good.
“Oh, no, no, thank you.” He turns around and hits his hip with the wall, then he pretends nothing happened while hearing a soft chuckle from Dean.
“Kiddo, did you sleep well?” he asks, crouching down so he can hug him. Jack nods on his shoulder, then steps back.
“Three, two… one.” They both turn around the tests at the same time, and Cas has to make sure he’s not confused by the instructions a couple of times before he turns to Eileen, fear painted over his face.
“Fine. See you there, Clarence.” Cas groans at the nickname but smiles anyway when Meg bends down and presses a kiss on his forehead, painting her red lips on it. She runs upstairs to do whatever Meg does —after years, he has learned to don’t ask what she’s doing or
“Hey there, angel.” And he presses a kiss against Cas’s forehead. Cas smiles and kisses Dean’s chin, his hand shooting up to caress Dean’s face, which is scuffed for the day.
“He’s a very smart child, he helped one of his classmates with her homework and answered correctly the questions I asked him.” It was really nothing out of this world, just the basic ‘name this number’ and ‘spell a classmate’s name’, but he could see how proud Jack was of it.
“We’ll wait for you at the entrance, then. Do you need any help?” he asks. Cas shakes his head instantly.
“Remember, I’ll go with Charlie.” She says, and Cas has to stop himself from snorting so he doesn’t get punched.
. He can feel his grace pressing on his back, and he fears the fragile glass might break because of how tightly close they are.
“Good morning, kids. I am Mr. Novak, can you say ‘hi, Mr. Novak’?” the kids repeat his name in an uneven chorus, excited. “We’ll be together all year; does that sound good?” they nod. “Well, let’s start with something easy: do you know your names?” they nod more enthusiastically this time, and so presentations begin.
“The bathroom’s garbage. Eileen passed it outside so I’m taking it out.” Dean nods and grabs another spoonful of filling.
“I would love to. I mean, it’s spacious, it’s safe, they will have plenty of places to go… but I don’t want it to interfere with your plans.” Cas nods. He’s planning on setting a small place for young hunters without a family who need to protect themselves.
“As long as you’re not still a piece of shit who wants to torture my ass,” Meg says, annoyed, moving on her wheelchair. After the Shadow left her body, it took various things from her, such as her ability to sense her legs and some others she thanked, like some of her memories.
Dean and Cas are on duty for tonight’s dinner, and they make that lasagna Dean saw on the internet a couple of months before that he so wanted to try. In the end, they both agree that it could’ve been better, but it’s still good.
Cas hummed happily and bit his burger again, not minding the waitress who made her way to them. Dean smirked before sipping his drink and prepared himself for the fit she was about to throw. He was used to this, though it happened for different reasons, but it always had the purpose to piss off that kind of people. And it worked every single time.
“I’ll get rid of the evidence.” Eileen laughs and nods, still wrapping her head around it. After making sure that no one’s around, Cas comes out of the bathroom and walks back to the entrance as if nothing happened.
"Good. We have time." Dean smiled again, stopping his thumbs. "Cas… you're real." Cas smiled, the wrinkles on his eyes appearing once again.
Dean and Cas were wearing a matching set of plaid green pajamas and silly little Christmas hats that Charlie and Meg secured with bobby pins; Sam and Eileen wore the cheesiest matching sweaters, while Meg wore dollar store horns decorated with lights, a look Crowley wanted to copy but decided it was better for his well being if he didn’t do it.
So, the next year, as Sam and Dean finished placing the last sofa, Cas smiled at the view of the kids running outside.
Dean parked and Cas closed his eyes. "Is Sam truly there?" he asked. Dean looked at him in sheer confusion but nodded anyway.
He keeps on reading —a family fair in October, a Halloween festival, a camping trip in September, more boring shit, a Christmas festival—, and saves Castiel’s number.
“And I can sign!” the kid signs, and Cas wonders yet again how he learned this. His father raises a brow, his eyes filling with tears, and turns to him, a questioning look on his face that makes Cas feel obligated to explain.
“Sam taught him how to read when he was three, I was worried he would never talk if we kept on delaying it.” Cas nods, understandingly, and takes a peek at the kid, whose head rests against the door, his mouth open, and the tiniest of snores coming out of his throat.
? His face lights up and he kisses Dean, not caring if their breaths are smelly or their mouths unwashed, he just
Further in his line of vision is another flower on top of the coffee table. He runs to it and desperately reads it, wanting to know what all of this is about. His heart is racing out of happiness, he never got this many flowers, let alone a single one. It’s sad, that’s sure, but Dean doesn’t care anymore, because now he has eleven if he counts the tiny dandelions on his hands.
He almost fell when he reached Baby, his hands shaking in anticipation so much he couldn't even hold the damn keys to unlock the car.
He didn't try to be as sexy as he did while trying to imitate the pizza man, and he wasn't all that sweet like Sam always expressed kisses to be. No, it was messy and needy, passionate and filled with awkward teeth clashing and even an occasional tongue bite, but was worth it, oh so worth it.
"Said it was the only way to bring me back permanently." He answered, already knowing what he would ask. Dean simply nodded and smirked as he watched Cas devour his burger the same way he did all those years before. "Easy, tiger. You'll choke." He placed a caring hand on his wrist to stop the food from going to his full mouth. Cas swallowed and took the burger with his other hand, not bothering on getting Dean's hand off him, instead, turning it around so Dean could hold it.
Cas isn’t sure he loved or even liked Crowley in the first place. Then again, polyamorous relationships were not his thing, neither Dean’s.
And hours later is when the fun begins. After both Jack and Dean convinced him, Cas is wearing black jeans, boots, a blue button-up, and a black jacket. He promises himself he’ll get more clothes like those, because they’re actually comfortable, and he feels so confident in them he swears he could wear them even to sleep.
They sit next to each other as Sam, Eileen, Jody, and, surprisingly, Meg serves them plates of scrambled eggs and crispy bacon, toasts with cream cheese and avocado, waffles with an unhealthy amount of syrup running down their sides, and fresh orange and apple juice —which Dean only drinks after Sam assures him that he made it and not Meg, who would have put all of the apple seeds inside his juice—, and Cas has to hide his laughter behind his glass of juice.
A few minutes later, he returns to find Dean still in bed, a lazy arm over his eyes, the blankets now resting on his waist, allowing Cas to see the tattoos, specifically the handprint tattoo he now has. He can’t resist it and walks over to caress it, they have come a long way since the day he rescued Dean from hell.
Three long hours later, he’s finally back inside, his fingers frozen, his toes almost forgotten on his sensorial system. Eileen and Charlie bring them hot chocolate to warm up again, and soon they are joined by Jack and Amara, who appear at the door in stylish clothes (because, according to Jack, Amara knew
The first day is always awful. He is a morning person, he loves mornings, but waking up and doing something productive is… different.
Where did all of his strength go? Why was he not fighting anymore? Why were his arms down? Someone's in front of him, but he couldn't pay any attention.
“Yeah, thanks… I’m still new, you know? In this show, just a week, and I have to go to rehearsal almost every morning because Chuck Shurley is stepping down as Tommy and Mick Davies is taking his place…”
, making journals for scratch was now a passion of his and he had seriously thought about opening his very own shop of journals—, and, of course, a mixtape, had Dean sobbing on his shoulder and kissing Cas all night, not allowing Claire and Kaia to get a second under the mistletoe.
He threw his hand to Dean’s neck and kissed the living hell out of him in front of everyone, which got mostly cheers and two or three snarky but lighthearted comments —like
"You're shaking," he looked down, he really was, "your lips… let's go to Baby." Cas can't help but laugh at the name given to the precious car. He was shivering, which was new, but didn't mind it as long as he was with Dean.
"That time at Purgatory, I wanted to tell you the truth, I really did." He heard Dean calling his name, he heard Dean asking him to come back because his life just wouldn't be worth it if he wasn't there.
“I never asked if you have a car, I just took you in mine, God, I’m so sorry.” He scratches his neck, nervous, and Cas has the urge to laugh at how adorable that is.
“I’m not a child, Meg. I remember everything you told me last week.” She smiles smugly at him and brings her own coffee to her red lips. Ever since they met in high school, they sort of became friends, their friendship solidifying once they realized they both needed a house near the school district.
“Marry me.” Dean freezes, and Cas is completely sure he fucked up. Then, Dean takes his neck and brings him in for a sloppy and passionate kiss, all tongue and lips and even teeth.
He finds the next flower by his slippers, and he has to chuckle. Of course, he knows about this one, Cas has a few planted in the garden so the hummingbirds can come by and feed themselves. He has a great attachment to them since he, well, pretty much created them.
Dean comes back a few minutes later, a tray with their orders between his hands, and Jack —finally— stops bouncing on his seat.
Once he sees his father, though, he gasps and runs towards him. Dean crouches and opens his arms to receive his son’s hug. Once he’s hit with the force of the toddler, he stands up as Jack scrambles around to rest on his hip.
"You… you what?" how could it be possible that even before he completely knew he was also into men, his brother did?
Dean stops dead on his tracks. He’s connecting the dots, which reminds him of the meme Claire always sends over at the family group and he just has to chuckle. He grabs the jacket and walks quickly to the kitchen.
“I defend myself and my friends!” he yells. Dean nods in awe, he can’t believe his son is already going to school.
Almost a week ago, they were all there —Sam, Dean, Eileen, Jack, Claire, Kaia, Alex, Stevie, Charlie, Rowena, Crowley, Bobby, Amara, Adam, Jody, Donna, and, hell, even Kevin and Meg, who was now in control of her body once again—, sitting around the tree, the fireplace on and crackling, mugs with hot chocolate and mini marshmallows that Dean and Eileen prepared with a dash of whiskey, all of them swapping and opening their presents.
“Daddy!” Dean turns to Jack. “Can we bring Mr. Novak to eat burgers with us!?” And Dean can’t say no to that face. So, he turns to Castiel, smiles awkwardly, and asks if he wants to go with them.
I’m engaged…” he shakes his head and looks up to the ceiling. “I don’t think this can get any better.” Cas shrugs, it always gets better.
When Dean turned the radio on, a sappy and sad song filled their ears, and Dean bit back a laugh at the lyrics, but still sang them in a whisper, only for Cas to hear his voice, because those words were only for him.
“Hello, Dean.” He turns around quickly, throwing his hands over Cas’s neck and kissing all of his face, ending on his lips. Cas separates them with a soft laugh, his hands resting on Dean’s hips. “I take that as you liking your gift.”
“Hello!” the kid’s hand goes up, his face bright with a big smile. Oh, he can tell he’ll like this kid already. He has a polite conversation with his father and, after shaking Dean’s —as he recently learned— hand, he waits for the rest of the kids to come.
“My mouth is glued.” Cas nods and places his hands on Dean’s neck. Dean’s hands wander all the way down to his hips.
“Maybe… let’s forget about it for now, okay?” Cas nods, Dean bops his nose. “Man… I might get a niece or nephew, I have a son and an adoptive daughter, I have a family, a job,
He comes out to the hall and stops, watching Eileen with interest; she’s wearing frog-themed pajama pants, pink slippers, and one of Sam’s band T-shirts. She looks at him the same way, since he’s wearing his Batman-themed pajama pants —which Dean gave him as a present for Christmas a couple of days before— and Dean’s favorite Led Zeppelin T-shirt. She smiles at him and he returns the gesture. As they are side to side on the hallway, they high-five each other, having successfully achieved the goal they talked about a week after he came back.
without him having to tell him he preferred that name over his full one, and that Dean never mentioned Jack’s mother, not even
to Eileen, who happily nods and thanks him back, giving him a thumbs-up before leaving the store with Cas.
“I’ll give my powers to Amara. She’ll find a new darkness.” Cas raises a brow, concerned. Before he can say anything, however, Jack talks again. “I’ll keep my original powers, you know? The cool ones? But… father, I don’t want to keep on going like this, with all this knowledge and responsibilities. I’m a kid, I’m not made for this.”
“Are we still doing tomorrow’s plans for daddy’s birthday?” he asks in a whisper, and Cas just has to ruffle his bright hair before answering.
He reaches the building and goes to the principal’s office, where another teacher is already signing in.
He grabs his sweater, his bag, and the few drawings some kids have already given him —which will obviously go with him but it will stay inside a drawer because, as much as he loves his kids, they’re not the greatest artists, but they made it with love so they won’t go to the trash can—. He checks everything before closing the door and heading to the principal’s office, where he finds Balthazar yet again, and another woman.
As the minutes pass, Dean’s mind drifts back to Jack —what could his little boy be doing? Was he having fun? Had he made new friends already?— but he snaps back into reality when they’re called to their places.
It’s a flower. Well, various flowers. They’re of a rich shade of purple and they’re still on the branch as if it has only been cut for seconds. Attached to it it’s a small rectangle, something Dean recognizes as Cas’s parchment for his bullet journals. The delicate calligraphy is unmistakably his.
Since I'm FINALLY off school, I am planning on posting here more regularly. Let's say, once a week? That'll do. Although, since right now I'm sick with miss rona (I'm okay, don't worry) I might update another time this week.
“It’s okay. Thank you for staying the whole week, I’m sure Eileen will rip apart my head when we meet again.” Sam lets out a light laugh and stands up. “Are you staying for breakfast?” Dean asks, buttoning his jeans.
Jack hugged him tighter, knowing he didn't want Sam to see him like that. "It's okay, Dean, it's okay. Let it out." Was that even his kid? Why did he feel so calm?
"I thought you didn't eat." Cas stopped the burger mid-way to his mouth as he turned to face Dean. "Did Jack…"
As they stop on Kevin, he looks up, nervous. Jack gently taps his shoulder and begins signing. Signing,
“Don’t worry, he’s in good hands.” Castiel places a hand on his shoulder and smiles. “I can see he’s brilliant.” Dean nods with a smile, feeling pride filling his chest.
“Don’t believe you. Was it a single mom?” Dean shakes his head again, not wanting to have this conversation.
“Thank you for being a great man, Cas.” Cas gets out and waves his hand at Dean, who waves back and begins driving away.
Dean offers a hand and Cas shakes it again. “Thank you for taking care of him.” His beard looks even better now that he’s closer, how is that even possible?
at a Broadway charity gala, Amara Shurley, one of the most recognized faces in the casting industry, came to him and asked if he was interested in joining an ongoing Broadway musical after his Off-Broadway one closed. Ever since then, two months prior, they became good friends.
“Hey there, young man! I’m Mr. Novak.” Jack stretches his hand and waits for the man to take it. He looks kinda lost at first but shakes it anyway.
"Fucking door." He whispered, hitting it again with his shoulders, only for it to fly off the hinges and let him land on top of it, but now inside the barn, thankfully.
“Is your kid’s first day?” he asks, and Dean nods, smiling nervously. How the hell does he know. “I feel the same. Benny.”
They talk even more, and Cas learns that Jack began signing when he was eleven months after watching Eileen —who he also learned is Sam’s, his brother, fiancée— do it every time she talked. Dean encouraged Jack to keep on signing and now he was almost dominant on it, Dean getting better at it in the process.
If Dean has to Google what the last thing is he won’t tell anyone. But what is that for? He didn’t know there were flowers that meant hatred or such.
“Hello!” Jack greets, his hand shooting up, his favorite way of greeting people he likes, and smiles at the man, showing his missing tooth.
His backpack is blue —his favorite color, as a matter of fact, because his eyes were blue, and it has the silhouette of a tyrannosaurus painted at the front.
"Jack, he, huh…" Cas was nervous, oh so fucking nervous, and Dean smiled at that. "He gave the Shadow Billie's powers, it's Death now." He cleared his throat. "And he made it promise it won't come after me… after us."
Cas gives him another card. Dean takes it and tries to kiss him, but Cas shakes his head and motions for him to read the card.
He got a lot of clothes, shoes, two new trench coats, books, a framed picture of TFW 2.0 from Jack, a stuffed bee from Meg, and cash from Bobby —who didn’t know what to gift him. But nothing, absolutely
“Daddy!” Dean’s attention goes back to his son. “Can we bring Mr. Novak to eat burgers with us!?” he can see Dean’s face drain of color, and that almost has Cas chuckling. Oh, how are kids so untimely. The man smiles awkwardly at Cas.
“Is she… y’know, pregnant?” Dean asks, pointing at Eileen with his chin. She’s dancing with Sam, her head resting on his chest, their chin resting on her head.
"Shut up." He interrupted, and he knew it was rude and shitty, but he just wanted to remind himself it was real, Cas was real.
A few hours later, probably by four in the afternoon, they’re done and exhausted, and Cas has to hide everything before the brothers come back.
Then comes Kevin Tran, who is selectively mute, as his mother explained a month before. Cas signs a simple hi when Kevin lets go of his mom and rushes inside to find his seat.
“Oh, this is great.” He announces once he’s swallowed everything. Dean grins behind his burger and takes a sip of his drink.
“I don’t think she works today, kiddo.” Jack makes a pout but leaves it instantly when he starts asking if he can have a big burger. Dean laughs while telling him that
Cas simply chuckles and pushes the cart towards the fruits and veggies section, focusing on finding what Dean asked for first.
They have breakfast together and then move to the projection room to watch a few movies, Tombstone included, which had Meg not entirely happy.
Cas’s story isn’t as exciting as his: he watched his twin brother, Jimmy, slowly fall apart thanks to constant bullying coming from
They wait there for two more minutes that felt like a total agony, passing by so slowly, until Eileen’s phone set the alarm on.
“Will I see aunty Jo?” Jack asks from the backseat, already trying to scramble to his feet. As Cas gets out of the car, Dean unfastens Jack’s seatbelt and gets him out.
“Nope,” he’s being childish and he knows it, but he wants Dean up and distracted to keep on with his plans, “c’mon, Jack wants to see his dad.” This has him up instantly, as if the sheets burned him in contact. He puts on his pants and a sweatshirt and waits for Cas to grab something warm for his top side, then grabs his hand and they walk towards the kitchen.
Still, he needs his coffee, so he smiles at his roommate as she puts a cup of coffee in front of him. She rolls her eyes playfully and shoves a bacon strip on her mouth.
“We have one hell of a day, don’t we?” he asks. The dog gets off the bed and runs outside of his room, probably on its way to wake the kid up. He smiles and stands up, stretching his arms, hearing the air bubbles pop up before making his way to the bathroom.
“Thanks, man.” They whisper as they push the ex-angel outside so they can close the door. Because that’s another thing he came back to: Sam finally made peace with his whole identity. The look on Eileen’s face when she told him all about the events of the day before when, after years and years, Sam
The bathroom door opens and Dean ruffles Cas’s hair as he passes by his side, then leaves a casual kiss on his forehead, and he just doesn’t know how
Jack buried his hand on the pockets of his white jeans and turned to Dean, rolling on his heels like a child. His child.
And now, years later, Dean goes out every night to act his heart out in front of a live audience that usually ends up in awe and completely delighted with his work, and that makes it oh so worth it.
It’s almost twenty minutes in which they only talk about how intelligent Jack is, and how he could skip a whole year because of it.
“Sure, darling.” It feels strange, letting the name slip out, but it feels so right. Feels like the first chocolate chip cookie he ate as a human, like the first pie Dean baked for him.
As Sam takes out bacon and eggs, Dean prepares the pancake batter, their mother’s recipe burned in his mind, whistling a melody.
Is this Castiel a good teacher? He looks pretty professional, and Jack seemed to like him right away.
He finishes his coffee and stands up to leave it on the sink, he’ll do the dishes once he comes back. He rushes upstairs to brush his teeth, smiling when he hears Sam talking to Jack about something.
“So that’s how I know your face!” Cas lets out a giggle, an actual giggle, after cracking his head the whole day thinking just
“Morning.” His brother greets, his shirt wet with sweat and his hair flat on his head. “I’m headed back to Kansas today, hope that’s not much of a problem.” Dean nods and takes a pair of boxers to put on so he can ditch the towel.
It had been four years, and there they were, back, Adam and Bobo running behind Miracle, Eileen looking just about ready to explode, a hysterical Sam, Dean chasing Sam down to calm him, and Cas trying to answer the question of the three-year-old on his arms. "See, Meg, we named you after a very good friend of mine. She died protecting your dad, your uncle, and me." He smiled at the horizon, knowing she would be rolling her eyes at him. After adopting Adam, it just felt right to adopt another kid, and so they did. Sadly, Jack couldn't join them that year, but he knew Jack could hear them.
“Alright, I’ll tell her.” He smiles and runs towards the living room, where Amara and Meg chat about something Jack doesn’t quite understand.
See, ever since he was a kid, ever since he was adopted by the Novak family, that kind of luck followed him. It now also followed his little sister, Claire, but it was more prominent on him.
He didn't need to be soothed, he needed to let it all out, everything he has been bottling up through the years.
“Sorry for that, my best friend and I have a daily discussion on which The Four Seasons’ man was the best.” Dean chuckles and takes out the keys.
He opens the door and looks around, the bunker strangely calm at this hour. He looks back into the room and notices it’s past eight, Sam and Jack should be bickering in the kitchen right now. When he looks down, he finds another branch of flowers. This one he knows, and he doesn’t have to look at the card to know what it means. He smiles but reads it anyway.
But no one's there. Did Jack trick him? Did he turn into the old God? Did he want Sam alone to kill him? Take him away?
Most of the time he looks up, though sometimes he does look down, and finds Dean’s peaceful, sleeping face, with his long lashes against his freckled cheeks, his mouth slightly opened to let out quiet snores, his brows sometimes furrowed if he’s having a nightmare. And even if Cas has seen him sleeping for literal
At that point he didn't even care about what the others would say, he didn't care if the whole world knew. Cas was there, Cas was real, Cas loved him, and nothing else mattered more.
After explaining everything and telling him she was scared and feeling the contractions, Dean let her take the bed so she could sleep. He called Sam immediately, not being able to stop the tears coming from his eyes, he was about to become a father, for God’s sake.
Now, Cas prepares to go back to school, this time teaching first grade, and he has the comfort of having Meg working a building away at high school.
He lost him, truly lost him. He lost his kid, too, in a way. He's mad at everyone, he's mad at himself.
"Dude, shut up, I've known them since I saw you two looking at each other." Eileen laughed and took a spoonful of cereal to keep her mouth shut. She knew it, too, and they never told Dean he was so obvious.
Dean looked down, and he wanted to laugh bitterly. It wasn't the same place, but it was close, way too fucking close.
“He’s very polite.” Dean chuckles. “I’m Dean Winchester.” The teacher raises a brow, probably recognizing him, and offers his hand.
“Dean.” They shake hands and begin an easy chat. His daughter, Elizabeth, is also on her first day of school.
Dean brought him in for a kiss as they watched Bobo, Meg, Claire, Adam, and Matt listened to Jack around the fire. They were truly home.
“He did? Does he like dinosaurs?” Cas knows what they’re talking about: another kid, Ben, came closer to both him and Kevin during recess, and the three of them instantly became friends, since Peter didn’t push Kevin into talking like the rest of the kids did. They walk towards a black Impala and Cas marvels at how well taken care of it is, because that’s something impressive, especially with a little kid.
“If your father is okay with that, I could join you.” Jack instantly turns to Dean, who nods and closes his eyes tightly when the kid lets out a high-pitched squeal and wraps his arms around his neck. “Then, allow me to get my things and sign off.” Dean nods and puts Jack down. He offers his son his hand and then looks back at Cas, his green eyes focusing entirely on him.
“Whenever you want to.” Dean smiles again, brings him in for another kiss, then pulls him towards the center of the room, where they can dance.
“She wanted to go to the bathroom. The ones at the supermarket were closed.” Sam nods and asks nothing else, which is something Cas is glad for.
The next time they met, their vacations were interrupted with Jack Robert Winchester wanting to go out two weeks earlier. Sam held Eileen's hand the whole time, their golden bands offering a cool relief to the searing pain she was in, and Dean passed out when the kid's head popped out of his mother.
They stood there, in silence, not daring to open their eyes because maybe it was all a dream, no other sound but their breathing and their racing hearts.
“I didn’t know you had a horse?” Hannah says, slightly accusatory, and Castiel raises an eyebrow, one half of his mouth lifting into a smirk.
“Yeah.” Dean hates to hear it, but he can see Castiel’s guards at the end of the hall, waiting as patiently as always. Besides, it’s been a long day; Dean is tired, and he’s sure Castiel is too, what with the stress of organizing the day’s events on top of everything else the man has to do as the Crown Prince.
Castiel doesn’t answer. Just shakes his head and looks down at the floor. “Come on,” he says, holding out a hand for Dean to take. “Let’s go meet the children.”
When he’s done with the blush, Castiel grabs another brush and pulls out the highlighter. He gently and precisely—with his tongue sticking out the corner of his mouth—makes a stripe down the center of Dean’s nose. Castiel pulls back and assesses before using the tip of one finger to blend the edges.
But it looks like that's still hours away, and he drags his feet as he steps up in line, waiting for his turn at personal shots.
He knows he's not the only one here, obviously, but seeing Castiel with other suitors—spending time together and getting to know each other—is still painful. Logically, he knows it's not a betrayal, but damn if it doesn't feel like it.
He paces his room, fuming from his conversation with Sam, and now from the guards' callous way of seeing his prince. Sure, he knows not everyone gets to see the side of Castiel he does, but it’s
Dean cuts him off with another kiss, much the same as Castiel did to him. Hands on his cheeks, fingers twining in his hair as he pulls him in and holds him there—kissing and kissing and kissing him as Castiel kisses back.
Dean doesn't wait for them to turn before he gives a curt nod and pivots on his heel. Angry tears burn the back of his throat and sting his eyes, and it just pisses him off more. Not even the icy breeze can cool his temper as he stomps away, the sky clouding over again, darker this time. When he gets far enough out, he glances over his shoulder, but what he sees just makes him wish he hadn't.
Benny doesn't try to talk to him on their way back to his room. He must sense that Dean's not in the mood for it, and he keeps well behind, too. Rain sluices down the windows, blurring the dark gray sky and the grounds beyond.
"I did," Castiel responds as he sets the tray down on the dresser right next to his crown. He nudges it with a finger, a tiny smile on his lips. "Finish it, that is, so I came as soon as I could."
"Come on, off with it," Susie huffs, and for whatever reason, Dean hadn't even registered that he'll have to strip in this room with all these people watching him. For a moment, he chokes on his panic, feeling it surge and swell inside him, and he shakes with it, right down to his knees.
“God, Cas,” Dean says, peeking through one eye as he rubs the other and finding his prince in silk pyjamas and a thick, cozy-looking robe. “When you said, ‘until the sun rises again,’ I didn’t think you meant that literally.” If he had, he would’ve told the bastard not to bother.
"Your highness," Carson says, but Castiel never tears his gaze from Dean's. "Please hand Mr. Winchester the rose for this one."
When he does speak, his voice is calm—soft and thoughtful. “I suppose you will have to discover that for yourself,” he says, reaching for his glass of water and taking a sip. “You
“What?” Confusion hits Dean so hard his head shoots back as his face pinches up. He wracks his brain for another meeting over the last three weeks, but none come to mind.
Dean sits up, his head pounding as the sleepy haze fades away and he's left with stomach-turning anxiety about the fate of his friends.
Instead of worrying about it, though, Dean reopens the laptop and places his finger on the little black button, pleased as punch when it does what he wants, and spends the next half an hour trying to figure out where the PowerPoint slides are kept.
“Thanks,” he mutters, rolling his eyes as she strips him out of his suit and hands him his robe. When all she does is huff and shoot him a look, he drops the sarcasm. “Really, though, Suse.” He waits for her to meet his eyes. “Thank you.”
“Hell-ooo,” Aaron says, giving Dean the once over, and it should make him uncomfortable—it would any other day—but this is Pride Day Dean, baby, and he’s feeling all kinds of good right now. He shoots the man a wink and disappears into the bathroom.
Kelly giggles when Lucifer flicks her nose, though Dean's not sure whether it's because of nerves, or something else. She blushes hot and doesn't stop smiling even when he moves away, so Dean's betting on that
?” Dean stares her down, waiting for her to come up with a clever retort, but she shrinks under his gaze. He looks back at Victor.
"The one and only," Castiel breathes when he finally gets himself under control. "My aunt Amara was never one for subtlety, and she certainly loves her drink, but she
"I did offer, and I meant what I said, but would you mind if I come by later? This is an urgent matter, or I would be thrilled to help you now." He looks down at his papers with a look of dismay and a surge of guilt hits Dean square in the chest.
. She smiles at him and gives his hand a light squeeze. Dean pauses for a moment, leaning back against the bench and tilting his face to the sky. Then, in a soft, shaky voice, he asks, “Why haven’t my friends come?”
“Bloody fuck, it’s cold,” Charlie shouts from behind Dean, and he spins around, a laugh already bubbling up in his throat, but it’s cut short when the hat is snatched from his head.
For a moment, nothing happens. Another, older attendant closes the guard bar with a rusty clank, locking it into place, and they wait, sitting in awkward silence for the first time tonight.
Castiel braces one hand against the tree trunk, bringing them close as he waves off the guard with the other. They’re practically nose to nose and the scent of honey-sunshine is overlaid with warm apple cider and winter frost. Every breath brings them closer together, and Castiel’s eyelids lower, his lashes fanning out in a dark, sweeping shadow as his breaths whisper over Dean’s lips.
Dean rolls his eyes but does as he's told. “Still too early,” he mutters, shivering a little. A morning person he is not, but after Susie heard about the charges, she insisted that he looks his best—his most
So, when the pile is gone and Castiel is almost buried beneath a pile of paper and boxes, Dean slips his hand into his pocket, his fingers curling around the leather cord as he pulls it out, heart in his throat.
Instead, he watches Castiel do his thing and tries not to read too much into the soft fingers brushing warm skin, or the way Castiel is just
“That’s all the time we have—” Duma says, looking between Dean and the queen as she tries to stop this train-wreck in its tracks, but she’s cut off, too.
“What…?” His eyes trail off the table and over to Castiel, whose face remains impassive and emotionless, but there’s a glint in his eyes as he waves a gloved hand at one of two chairs.
It’s a little awkward at first, but they manage to find a rhythm, and the swirling snow, the Christmas lights, and the soft floating music feels like a fairytale. Children laugh and people chat around them. The rink is crowded, what with the perfect skating weather, but Dean doesn’t mind.
“Benjamin, would you mind helping us fill the basket?” Dean smiles at the man, hoping he’s not overstepping, but Castiel doesn’t speak up to tell him no, so he figures it’s probably okay.
"Kelly, will you accept this rose?" Castiel smiles, though not as wide as he did with Hannah, and Kelly lets out a bubbly giggle, taking the rose before she even says
It's a little chilly, considering the season, and Dean shivers, clutching his mug close as Castiel presses up against his side. It's nice, he will admit—more than nice, actually. It's everything he's ever wanted—but he's tired, and his eyes are drooping, and he hates to say it, but he really does need sleep.
Dean’s feet slip out from under him, and there’s about half a second between falling, and realizing he won’t stop when he hits the mud, where his heart sinks and his breath snags in his throat.
When he’s done, he sets the plate aside, leaving half the lasagna untouched, but it’s more than he’s eaten all day and Susie looks relieved as the lines around her eyes and mouth soften.
He gasps when a rock jambs into his ribs, and grunts as he keeps rolling. His knees, his arms, his ribs, and everything in between throbs with new bumps, bruises, and scrapes until he crashes into a rock at the bottom of the hill.
sick, shouldn’t he be confirming and quarantining with him to make sure no one else catches the cold he most definitely has?
Dean pushes himself up from the floor, his arms shaking and his head spinning, but he ignores that—and the smear of cherry pie, too—as he lunges for the door. His fingers scramble over the handle, but it refuses to turn, and he resorts to yanking on it. Panic swells inside him until he can’t even manage steady breaths—they aren’t going to believe him, but he didn’t
Dean makes it to dessert without incident, sitting in the corner of one of the couches in the sitting room, a slice of apple pie
“Oh, bullshit, Winchester,” Charlie snaps, looking at Hannah who has been dutifully listening to Mali through the whole interaction. Dean knows she’s listening, and maybe he can convince himself he’s not saying anything because he doesn’t want to make her uncomfortable, but who is he kidding?
Dean jumps, head snapping up to find a pixilated man wolf-whistling from one of four computer screens. “Charlie,” he snaps, pulling his jumpsuit back over his shoulders as his cheeks flush, but the guy is find of cute—not Cas cute, but cute.
“Really? I don't know…” But her hesitance turns into the biggest smile he's ever seen in an instant. “Oh, what the hell? Deal.”
Emotion claws at Dean’s throat, threatening to spill out in an embarrassing flood of word-vomit, but he forces it back with a tight-lipped smile. “Thanks, by the way,” he says instead, looking at the swirling, inlaid gold under his feet, “for taking us to the soup kitchen; I… I haven’t seen some of them in years.”
. Panic rises in a steady wave, triggering his fight or flight response. Fighting is pointless, though every part of him scream at him to do it, and fleeing is impossible with the guards watching his every move.
“Dean,” Castiel says, quiet and rumbling, for only Dean to hear. It sends tingles down Dean's spine.
"I want you to know that we are taking your suggestions seriously and that this, as Duma said, is not just a way to pass the time." He opens his mouth, then closes it again, looking like he has more that he wants to say, but thinks better of it before nodding at his wife to say her piece.
Dean rolls his eyes as he starts into his food, cutting the toast up into squares before drenching them in syrup. God, it smells heavenly. “Fuck if I know. I thought they’d be comfy but they’re itchy as hell and too damn tight in the ass.” Dean sets his cutlery down as something occurs to him. He turns to Hannah. “Do royals wear jeans?”
Instead of breaking like he wants to, he buries the dread under so much bitter, sarcastic bullshit that it's nowhere to be found. He crosses his arms over his chest, forcing back the self-pity with a smirk—the terror with a chuckle.
He forgot it was there, honestly, but now that it’s off, cool air chills the strip of heated skin. “Thanks,” he murmurs, taking it from Castiel’s fingers, but apparently he isn’t done, because he’s back on his feet seconds later, searching through his desk for something else.
About an hour later, their food arrives, and they pause their tooth-and-nail game of Scrabble to sip at steaming soup. Dean has a roll with his, too—warm and buttery and delicious—but Castiel’s pout has Dean ripping it in half on a sigh and handing it over.
“She was fussing with her dress when I passed her room. Something about there being no back.” Dean shakes his head, confused by it all, but Hannah nods like she completely understands, and Dean feels left out of a secret.
Dean stops at the edge of the lawns, just before stepping into the grass, and slips out of his shoes and socks. There's no one around—not a guard or a cameraman or a suitor after he manages to ditch Benny—so he figures walking barefoot in the grounds won't be a big deal.
It’s only about thirty paces across the room, but it feels like miles all of a sudden. Dean squints, trying to make out Charlie’s flaming hair, but he gives up when the room starts spinning.
He almost doesn’t see the car parked by the front gates, dark and silent as it is, and there’s barely a moment for him to stop and think
But Dean ignores the dig, and the sideways look, because Mr. Blue Eyes is looking this way, and he’s smiling that smile, and he’s looking right at Dean. Dean, who is blushing and staring and can’t look away no matter how hard he tries. Oh, God, oh no, he’s about to have a big fat crush on a fucking
“I, uh… I like girls, okay? I’m just here for the extra cash since my parents are cutting me off.” Charlie pulls back, staring up at Dean with wide eyes, waiting for his reaction.
choices that led them here—but there’s still this sick, twisting feeling in his stomach that he can’t shake. This whole situation doesn’t sit right with him, but what she did was
Castiel chuckles as he backs away and the sound melts like warm honey in Dean's veins. Then he's gone, the door closing behind him with a soft click, and Dean misses him already.
“Uh, yeah, senior year. Just starting on robotics, which is…” Dean trails off, a beaming smile transforming his face. “It’s fucking awesome, man.”
Castiel ignores him, “But I thought your opinion would be more helpful.” He clears his throat, nerves buzzing like bumblebees in his veins. “The Google says people tend to wear flashy colours to the Pride, or they dress rather… provocatively. I’m not comfortable with that, as you know—”
“I’ve never ridden, but I’d love to try.” He shrugs, glancing back at the barn as a stable boy leads one of the horses inside.
He lets himself fall back with a groan, bouncing in the sheets as his head sinks into the mound of pillows.
It's a whirlwind from there—a frantic search of the whole fucking kingdom, it feels like—and when Castiel calls for the National Guard, the whole room goes silent.
“I don’t know about that. I’ve just seen how you both eat. I’ve never witnessed anyone put food away like you, Dean.” Castiel shrugs and even
That’s all they say on him before Duma opens the next envelope, and Dean, along with everyone else in the room, watches with rapt attention, on the edge of their seats, waiting for their name to be called.
Dean opens the computer and unlocks it with his finger like Castiel showed him, feeling oddly proud of himself for remembering, but as soon as the screen pops up, he flushes a deep, cherry red, once again reminded why he asked for help in the first place.
"I know I asked you not to mention this place to anyone, but Dean..." Castiel trails off as he shakes his head, the haunted look in his eyes only serving to scare Dean more. "You can't just disappear." The words fall from his lips in a broken whisper, taking all the air in the room and sharpening it—turning it cold and painful to breathe. "They told me you were missing and I just—"
look like a leprechaun, Mr. Winchester.” Susie turns to the crew member. “Does Mr. Winchester look like a leprechaun to you?”
“Sorry,” Castiel whispers with a smile. He works in silence after that, and Dean can’t think of anything else to say, so he doesn’t.
“I’ll be leaving the palace in a few short hours,” he says, looking right at Dean but speaking to all the suitors who stand, stalk-still, watching the insanity unfold.
“I am ready,” Dean tells him, even if it’s not strictly true. He’s sure Susie will be busting down his door at some point to fix his hair or touch up his screen makeup.
The night carries on in quiet conversation and copious amounts of alcohol as the cameras record every second of every angle possible—it’ll be a wonder if they can manage to not have another camera in every shot—Dean mostly talks with Hannah and attempts to engage Balthazar in conversation, but the man is so far gone, there’s no talking to him in any intelligent manner. Dean decides to only have the one glass of wine—his tolerance is pretty high, but this is potent stuff and he doesn’t want to make a fool out of himself on the first night.
“I’m sorry,” she repeated. “I’m—fine. Really. It’s just—” And then she looked him in the eyes—her expression going from apologetic to almost mischievous. “What the hell were you thinking, Dean?”
“It’s been a while since I’ve been with a non-actor, so I forget, but… Ben’s dad wasn’t a big fan of watching my romantic scenes, either. That was pretty much his personal cue to start making out with me in the theater.” Her voice was casual as she said it, but Castiel found himself instinctively rubbing his soulmark in sympathy anyway.
“For that matter, my schedule is very flexible. I could probably volunteer a few times a week….” He’d gotten quieter as he talked and, by the end, he realized he was mostly thinking out loud.
Now, in recent years, Cas has pretty much learned that means “back the hell up” but today, he asks instead, “Am I making you uncomfortable? Do you want me to move?”—breath ghosting the back of Dean’s neck. The bacon he’s trying to flip slides off his spatula.
He’d just confirmed that Nick had, indeed, been about three shots past sober at a blackjack table in Pittsburg when Cas went missing.
“Are we really surprised to find out the government is doing something shady?” comes Sam’s worn voice from Dean’s phone. It makes sense for him to be tired—it’s nearly 2 in the morning—and outside the window that Castiel has his forehead pressed to, all colors just look like different shades of black.
talk about me until I come back,” Dean grumbled, moving towards the stairs since he and Lisa kept their more expensive alcohol in the basement.
Of course, when he called John, his father had quickly dismissed the recent body as the work of a copycat—in a tone that clearly said Dean was stupid for thinking otherwise. “The Angel Killer got a lot of media attention. It was only a matter of time before some sick fuck decided to take up the mantle.”
Cas just looks at him, waiting for him to relax, which he does after a second. After all, these moments aren’t all that uncommon between them. If anything,
“Right,” Crowley frowns. “I forgot what a stick-in-the-mud your boyfriend is when he’s not being possessed by the Morningstar.”
Hi, this is my first time trying to embed pics in a fic and they're mildly important, so if anyone can't see both text message threads, please let me know.
“Well, if Cole Trenton already hates you then you won’t lose a friend by getting the job over him,” Balthazar said, dismissively.
to run his thumb electrically along the back of my hand, but I still can’t help but feel a twinge of disappointment.
“Oh…” The hunter reaches into one of the bags that he’d set on the map table, takes out a beer, and pops the tab open, his mind clearly going a mile a minute. “That’s cool…. I just… didn’t know, but now I do and, yeah….” He cuts himself off, abruptly.
It’s awkward as hell walking over to the table—though cursing Sam out in my mind helps. The blond is still there, giggling a little—which must be an act because Cas never says giggle-inducing things. “I hope you don’t think I’m being too forward, but, um, you’re really hot, so--”
“I’ve, uh, been reading your book,” Dean mentioned, a bit self-consciously. “The untitled one. It’s really good.”
The angel tilts his head to the side slowly. “Considering our…circumstances, I might take it more personally than I have before. But I will
For fuck’s sake—” Dean yelled, thrusting again, more of his cock peeking out of his shorts now—smearing precum against the area right below Cas’s bellybutton that he could still feel, despite the water.
“No, it’s—it’s Castiel, Dean. I’m sorry to disturb your rest. But. I really must talk to you about something. And I’m afraid—you’re not going to like it.”
Secretly, Castiel couldn’t help but agree. He and his cousin were still sitting in his familiar, two-bedroom apartment. The normal sounds of traffic were still filtering through the window. By all accounts, it was a Thursday afternoon that was probably not going to be particularly remarkable for most people in the world.
Feeling around the side of the pinball machine, Cas discovered two buttons that, when pressed, worked the flappers at the bottom of the table. As the tiny silver ball edged toward the bottom of the playing field, he experimentally hit one, causing the ball to fling upward, travel over a ramp, and into a hole drawn to look like the center of a hurricane. His score went up.
“Keeping you separate probably wouldn’t have been feasible anyway since the movie stuff is picking up soon,” she admitted. “Although…” she tapped her e-pen against her cheek, “You guys
Like now. “Cas—this isn’t a zoo. Stop taking the scenic tour of my dick,” quickly became, “Please Cas. Come on, Man. You’re killing me here. I—
On-screen, Crowley’s eyebrows were pushed so close to the center of his forehead in rising anger that it looked like two sections of a bridge coming together.
The combined weight of his bag and Dean’s stare was heavy. However, Castiel ignored both as he pushed the door open further.
The whole cabin is one room with almost no furniture in it. A twin bed against the wall. A table, lined with tools. A trashcan piled high with food containers.
Dean shakes his head, pushing up the arms of his flannel overshirt to rest around his elbows. “As soon as we try, some hunt will come up or someone we thought was dead will come back to life or maybe the bunker will catch fire. Something.”
Dean prays back, not bothering to hide his smile since Cas can’t see it anyway. To be honest, having proof that the angel isn’t just gonna run off without a word anymore had really helped ease some of his worries about…everything.
his friend and she deserved to be paid attention to. But there was also something stirring in the back of his mind—flashes of conversations with Dean, playing all scratchy and nostalgic like vinyl records.
Dozens of possible protests came to mind—but even after a good night’s sleep, he’d looked over his latest chapter and just felt “eh” about it. “…Pretty much,” he conceded.
“Palo Alto, up at Stanford. S’further than I’d like, but at least I can book it over there in an afternoon if he needs me.”
“Dean,” Cas sighs, closing his eyes briefly. “When I said earlier that I didn’t expect you to reciprocate, I meant it. I’ve believed you when you’ve called me ‘friend’ and ‘brother’—and have been genuinely happy with the closeness you allow me. I was hoping for honesty between us. Not….” He smiles somewhat sadly.
Dean feels a slight shiver go up his spine. “I don’t know, Man,” he admits. “I’m not ready for you to, like, put the moves on me, OK? But I’ll admit, it’s kinda nice to feel…wanted…or whatever.”
“I don’t see why this should make you uncomfortable, Dean. The human body is natural. And from societal aesthetic standards, you are--”
Cas seems to consider something for a moment. “I think you would have made a highly competent Crossroads demon, Sam.”
thought you wanted us to behave normally around each other,” Dean points out. “And you definitely get in closer than this usually.”
“Men of Letters? Thought those were an old hunting myth,” Bobby’s eyes are darting interestedly from one spot to the other.
That does give me a moment of pause. For sure, the dude seems crazy—but not actively trying-to-kill-us crazy—and I’m sorta interested in what else he’s planning to pull out of his ass.
Cas slid out of the SUV, closing his door a half-second before Dean did the same on his side. They flashed small smiles at each other.
Glancing over Benny’s shoulder at the screen, he can see it now reads. “Soulmark confirmed. Welcome back, Castiel Novak.”
She looks down at where his fingers rest just above her elbow, then up at his face with a knowing smile. “A little too late to ride this ride, Clarence. While my new boyfriend’s open to some two-on-one action, I’m pretty sure he draws the line at incest,” she remarks, unashamedly.
you’ve had in your life. If I’m bringing something up, maybe consider that it’s not because I’m prejudiced, it’s because I’m
“They don’t know yet,” Dean interrupted his brother’s stammering, reaching across the table for the basket of bread.
“So, I thought to myself—hmmm, well, how to give him a taste of his own medicine? How do I make his own superpower work against him?”
It took Dean a while to relax after that. I mean, “Omelets also sound delicious” had been ominous as shit, right? And yet, if Lisa was upset by the scene she found in the kitchen, she did a
“That’s pretty impressive since I’m guessing you’re still not fond of planes. Even been on one in the last eight years?” Bobby asks around his own cup.
“Ah, he died actually. Demon named Abaddon. Well, Knight of Hell, technically. But I suppose you’ll still get to chat with him in, uh--” He quickly does the math. “Five years from your time? I think. Fair warning, I’m probably gonna get some stuff out of order.”
Castiel was so distracted looking down at his phone on the way downstairs that he almost ran into Lisa as he entered the kitchen.
“Last year, the Physics prize went to a couple of university professors for discovering why items like string, or necklace chains, end up tangled in knots when left alone.”
Dean’s smile was like the crack of a refrigerator door when sneaking to the kitchen for a midnight snack—bright and tempting—and without being aware of who moved first, Cas found it suddenly just millimeters from his own, Dean’s breath a puff against his cheek.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice calls from the other side of the lobby. Dean makes a face of apology to the secretary he had been talking to in order to face his brother. This is why he never buys lottery tickets—he has the worst luck of anyone who isn’t dead or ugly. “What are you doing here? You coulda just called me back.”
He sent off a quick message confirming he would meet the producer, Balthazar, and his team next week—and wondered, not for the first time, if he’d gone insane and this was all an elaborate hallucination—that somehow was realistic enough to involve cramps from all the heavy-lifting.
Castiel’s former agent had not only agreed to break his original contract with Castiel after Gabriel’s little stunt—he’d also quit his
“If he tries punching me as you were prone to doing in 2008 and 2009, I promise I will heal him afterward,” he promises, simply, before pointing out an SUV running a red light on the screen.
“Nggnhh,” Cas moans, retreating at last, looking almost confused to find himself still in the middle of a junkyard. He touches his lip softly and then looks down at his hand as if he can see the impression of the kiss on it, which is too darn cute for Dean to resist, so he kisses him again. He’s softer this time—doing hardly more than capturing that bottom lip between his own and pulling gently.
This is news to Dean, too. “And how do you know this, Samantha? Last time I checked, neither of us was part of a Supernatural book club.”
Cas had said he was going to start thinking of the bunker as home from now on—had seemed to like spending so much time with Dean yesterday—and just because he hadn’t seen him this morning didn’t mean he was having second thoughts about either of those things. And,
“Do you have anything that could put me to sleep?” he asks the EMTs inside the medical van, breathing heavily.
“Woah, hey Cas,” Dean’s voice suddenly came from behind him, causing the author to whip around. He’d been holed up in one of the backrooms of L.A.’s largest Barnes & Noble for the last half an hour while Crowley harassed the workers setting up for his book launch in the main area.
“Last call was to Aldrich, Missouri. We're guessing Sam's probably around there,” we tell him when he comes out of the woods.
do. But there’s no rule saying I can’t—help myself—to pictures I just so happen to stumble across while babysitting your device.”
He did. It hit the wall less than half an inch away from his last attempt, and Meg gave a wolf-whistle of appreciation. “Mmhmmm, you know, we could definitely smash some furniture together. And I don’t mean like this…” she smirked at him.
So, she kisses him, and curls into his back, and only after his breaths even out with sleep does she sneak her laptop off the bedside table. If only she had the privilege others did—of checking up on their exes by typing “Dean Winchester” into a search bar on Facebook. Instead, she has to search local news stories from across the country, looking for what doesn’t fit—for brief mentions of federal agents with names that came off worn-out cassette tapes.
“I’m a bit anxious waiting to see what Crowley’s response to everything is. And I’m a bit… concerned that my mother has apparently been dating him for several months without telling me…. Then, there’s a mix of surprise and guilt that she agreed to sabotage her relationship with him on my account….” He chewed his bottom lip thoughtfully. “It reminds me of what happened with Bartholomew all over again.”
“So, how’s your… writing stuff going?” Gabriel asked, with just enough pause between his words for Cas to visualize his hand flapping about.
“Don’t have human biological reactions, yeah, yeah. Seriously, why didn’t you say something earlier?”
“I’m sorry…,” he chortles. “It’s just…everyone has had to deal with awkward run-ins with their exes in their lives. I just…never thought you’d have to.”
Cas blinked, realizing that as much as he steadfastly avoided discussing soulmates with his mother, he’d never once wondered how she would react to learning that his other half was male. “It’s never been brought up,” he admitted. But, “I don’t really think that will be an issue though.”
“But hear me out,” Sam insisted around a scowl. “You said that you and Cas play ‘Would you rather?’ a lot, right?”
Dean ends the call and immediately slams his hand against his desk, ignoring the stares of the other people in the bullpen.
“We’re going to a club, Sammy! We’ve got to blend in if we’re gonna catch whatever’s biting guys’ heads off—which means we gotta turn Mr. Holy Tax Accountant here into someone who looks like they can
Being tired made it hard to prioritize, but he figured he should make sure his internet was all set up first.
He’s terrified—and the other man seems to know it because his smirk settles into a soft half-smile that should be illegal, Dean swears. The actor takes a breath. “Heya, Cas,” he whispers—and to his surprise-not-surprise, each letter appears just as he says them.
As if to prove his point, Samandriel, who has been slumped over this entire time, lifts his hand up to grab a mote of dust he’s been watching in fascination for the last several seconds. “What’s wrong with him
“Whichever way distracts me enough that I forget my potential future brother-in-law asked me that question.”
His laptop was still on the table in the center of the room—and when he flipped it open, he was greeted by a half dozen notifications—mostly Cas asking to speak to him. And
Castiel reflected on that for a minute. He had assumed he might have been a contributing factor in Dean’s and Lisa’s breakup considering the timing of it all, but it was different having it confirmed. “Does she hate me?” he asked softly; he wouldn’t blame her if she did.
“Cas, mind, uh, getting me the butter? Should be on the door of the fridge?” Dean asked as he strained the potatoes.
To his surprise, at the top of the landing, there looked to be a whole other living room, complete with a sage-colored, U-shaped couch and a flat-screen TV. There was also a new-but-made-to-look-old trunk that doubled as a coffee table, tastefully covered with books and magazines. Only the plastic bin of toys in the corner indicated that the space wasn’t copy-and-pasted directly from an in-store display.
Sam doesn’t say anything; he just taps his fingers against the fake hardwood counter. Somehow, that does nothing to relax me.
And it’s not just that Cas is unknowingly hilarious. Even without trying, they somehow wind up delving into serious shit too.
. And I’ve found him to be very effective. I’ve hired him to work for me permanently—as sort of… a personal assistant.”
“Whoever it is probably got their soulmark at the same time, right? We can put up an announcement on social media and--” Charlie catches the look on his face. “No, you’re right, that would be--”
Castiel tried very hard not to roll his eyes—but he was at least glad to hear some humor back in Dean’s voice. “If there
“Come on, Cas, your shindig starts in 20 minutes. You don’t really have time to argue with me,” Dean pointed out, one eyebrow raised and about three inches of bare stomach showing.
“Spit it out,” he orders, deciding that even if he has had an overload of talking about his emotions for today that getting everything in the open might mean that he can avoid feelings altogether tomorrow.
fault. I shoulda known better…. That moment was supposed to be about you and your book and I—I ruined it, I’m sorry.”
“The picture with the Impala?” Dean asked, without looking up from where he was chopping potatoes with a steady
“Why would I—” he began with a tilt of his head, only for a high-pitched squeal to draw his attention. Turning, he saw Charlie with a hand over her mouth—apparently in response to something Gabriel had said. Sam was also mid-snort and though Dorothy’s lips were only curled slightly at the corners, that’s what counted for amusement with her.
Dean cleared his throat, “Yeah, it’s….” But whatever thought he’d been formulating was left to trail off like breadcrumbs.
way,” Sam answers honestly. “But then, I saw Cas this morning and I—it made sense.” In fact, it had shed light on a whole lot. Dean had always had a special relationship—connection—“profound bond”—with Cas that couldn’t be fully described as friendship. Dean
space. He’s been hurt here plenty—men and women in suits, scratching notes furiously over clipboards as they document his every reaction—but at least Inside, his exposure to chaos is limited.
Castiel feels curiosity bloom inside him—a tiny, yellow thing—turning like a flower toward The Righteous Man. Dean should know by now that bullets do not affect him and, yet, he took steps to make sure he wasn’t shot. Was this a lapse of memory on his part or just born of his innate desire to protect?
Hannah elbowed Castiel in the side and he hastily looked down at his script. This was one of the character’s first real defining moments. Michael and his eventual love interest, Sarah, were strangers who had both been attending a new gallery opening at the museum when they—and 200 other guests—had suddenly started coughing and clutching their chests.
“Dude, you gotta move,” Dean tells Cas. “And get under the covers,” he adds, pulling at the sheets. Cas wrinkles his nose in his sleep and a fond smile twitches Dean’s lips before he wipes his face neutral again.
“How would you even know what my soulmark looks like?” he demanded, already suspecting it was a feeble argument at best. The only person he was
“I get it, Man. My--” he paused like he wasn’t sure how much he wanted to actually contribute to this exchange, but then he sighed again. “My parents were soulmates, right? Only, my mom died when I was eight—some drunk driver—and my dad, just stopped being Dad. Stopped being a functional
“Because you don’t just drop news like and then not pay attention to the public perception,” Charlie huffed, exasperated. Dean’s neck snapped around. “And if we’re
need to see that,” the actor groaned, shuddering slightly as he slipped his phone back into his pocket. Lisa just grinned.
Sam’s phone rings before finally going to voicemail. I try Dean’s. Then the other Dean’s. Then Cas’s, struggling not to roll my eyes.
Was it self-serving on her part—securing this kind of exclusive? Absolutely. Unfortunately, it also made too much fuckin’ sense.
By contrast, he knew very little about Benny or their relationship. Only that Dean wasn’t fully ready to come out back then, and Benny wasn’t willing to leave New Orleans under those circumstances, so they just… parted.
“Right, right—” Gabriel nodded. “Not to mention, he’s required to do some volunteer work reading children’s books to disadvantaged orphans. At least five afternoons.”
be jealous. But I find myself trusting your word over my own insecurities. Now,” he prompted. “We were discussing Ben. I’m guessing you wouldn’t be here if he was too badly off, but I’d still like to hear how he’s doing.”
” Castiel insisted. “I just need two hands for this,” he explained, reaching for the topmost button of his shirt.
Angels sometimes share thoughts like this—but usually only among intimate companions. After all, the blending of two into one—the press of shared sensations—isn’t too dissimilar from the reasons that humans have sex. And I’d long ago accepted that I want to get as close to Dean Winchester as possible.
“You okay?” Dean asked when it was just the two of them, his thumb stroking across the pulse point of Cas’s neck—a habit of his that Castiel had not taken long to get addicted to.
And just like back then, Castiel shook slightly—wondering if this was going to be another one of those moments where his life would become something a little different on the other side.
Sam sinks into his armchair, legs spread. “Come on, Dean…. You can’t tell me you’re still that oblivious.” Green and blue eyes stare at him with equal amounts of confusion. “You two have been flirting pretty much non-stop for like…15 years. 15.
“Those are pretty words, Cas,” Dean spoke wryly, as he took his arm back. “It’s almost like you’re a writer.”
The fresh air helps. It’s a nice day outside—by Dean’s standards anyway. Open leather jacket, warm apple pie and cold ice cream kind of weather. Students rustle past—same as the leaves on the ground. Meanwhile, Hot Guy is quiet, not pressing—just soaking in the moment alongside him.
“Uh, the park," Jack says, tapping his chin. "And the farmer’s market. And in Chicago, there’s this art place that his friend Balty runs. And Aunt Anna’s house….” Jack’s smile dims. “But he’s not there. He said the only reason he would miss a Tuesday without telling me was if he had to go to a bad place—like a hospital.”
the first Chinese place his phone suggested. Satisfied he would be able to feed a small army, let alone himself for the next few days, he finally dug out his laptop.
“Nah, I trust you,” Dean assured him, his more-relaxed body language in agreement with his statements. Castiel tried to focus on how warm that made him feel, and not the twinge of regret that came with it.
mentioned a woman who had been in several times during Castiel’s lunch break. Never signs up, just hovers around…” Dean frowns but keeps his thoughts to himself. Charlie would probably call him sexist for believing the Angel Killer is a dude, but it’s what his gut instincts are telling him. “Anyway, I was able to pull up security footage from one of her visits. Her name is April Kelly—and as it so happens, she moved from Chicago at the same time Castiel did.”
“Give this back to Feathers, would you?” - Crowley's nickname for Cas, used repeatedly throughout the series.
She purposefully looked over his shoulder rather than at his face, but like a magnet, she was slowly drawn back to where she started.
Dean let out something between a snort and a huff. “Okay, okay, I get it—stupid question…. I’ll set something up.”
“Sam also breathed in some of the powder. He believes that he is telling the truth about the gravity of the situation—and I am inclined to trust his judgment.”
“But, um, I was in a…more secure area of Hell than you were, so he could only retrieve my body, not my soul. Took over a year to get that back.”
He wrinkled his forehead in her direction. “You’ve told me approximately ten things about yourself—and one of them is that you like getting strip-searched at airports. So, no…”
rough than they were before. It’s definitely better than the outcome he feared at that first meeting, and he would feel relieved that they seem to be bringing out the best in each other, if not for one thing he knows in his soul. His brother is a blabbermouth.
“I loved you,” she argues, moving toward me again, but this time I step backward, dragging Dean with me.
“That was…pretty intense,” Dean declares, finally, rubbing the palms of his hands against his jeans.
“Filmography has its own language, Dean—one that you speak fluently. It’s also art: art which you help shape in front of the camera, partially through your innate understanding of what goes on
Cas’s eyes went soft. “I’m glad you talked him out of it. But I’m also glad that he wanted to be impulsive on my behalf. If that makes sense?”
Dean raps his pen against his notepad thoughtfully. “Given that, how likely would he be to talk to someone about his soulmark? It’s a pretty obscure angel reference.”
Eventually, they make their way to the car, Dean twirling Baby’s keys around his finger before opening the door.
Three hours later, Castiel left Chuck’s office, balking at how bright it was in the hallway compared to in the closed-curtained room.
And yet, even as he says it, guilt churns in his gut like his stomach is a washing machine A) because his brother won’t answer the damn phone so he can tell him ‘I told you so’ and B) because if Dean
Dimly, he wondered if he should be surprised to find Cas already there—staring at a brick wall and frowning to himself—but he wasn’t. It was what happened every time they exchanged ‘Would you rather?’ questions. They may each approach the issue in a different way, but they wound up with the same answer a lot. Speaking of…
you?” Dean demands—and that stops Castiel short. “Seriously—you—and the tickin’ time bomb back there,” he jerks his thumb at the backseat, where Samandriel is once again blissed out, “Have got no control over your powers. At all.”
“We don’t have to go to lunch just because Sam suggested it,” he informed the actor, hefting his messenger bag higher up his shoulder.
be if you’re still making full sentences,” Dean murmured against his skin—a smile with a hint of teeth. And then he was
For a second, Castiel absorbed the idea that Sam hadn’t bothered telling him this was happening. In the next, he remembered the younger Winchester’s impromptu visit to his apartment. And somehow, that made it much, much worse.
“Uh-huh. Now, I dare you to each that sandwich one-handed,” Dean challenged, reaching for his already-toppled French dip.
“Dean—” Cas started then—since it seemed like the other man wasn’t going to. “Is there… Is there something that you came by to tell me?”
The first time Dean and Cas met, Cas mentioned that one of his friends (it was Charlie) was big on zombie apocalypse preparation. Now, watching several delivery people traipsing into his apartment, with
I risk a glance at Bobby—and he actually rolls his eyes at me. “I already know I’m dead, so you can stop twitching like a damn mousetrap.”
It was like watching a building collapse in slow motion—the way the actor’s confidence seemed to get cut out from under him.
The right corner of Gabriel’s mouth twitched into a smirk as if he could read his thoughts. “I think I’ve been fairly nice to you, haven’t I, Deano?”
By the time another hour had passed, he’d also mentioned that the way I throw angel blades is “really fuckin’ cool” and that he misses how messed up my hair used to be; then, to demonstrate the point, he ruffles his fingers through it. The touch is…surprisingly nice and I try not to lean into it.
“Course I am,” Dean said, with all the confidence he just claimed to not always feel. They went back to watching the moon.
Benny goes on to ask about the times of disappearance for Carolyn Simmons and Roger Bowen. Nick was still in jail for the first and the second he spent with his parole officer—which is, unfortunately, a fuckin’ good alibi. And Nick knows it.
anything about it, can she? You’re already supporting yourself. From what you’ve said, you avoid her phone calls anyway, so what’s it matter if you have to dodge a few more?”
“I’m afraid that I won’t be able to go with you either, Dean,” Cas interrupts. He says it apologetically, but still with a growl like the Impala. “Angel warding,” he explains.
Castiel debated the wisdom in prolonging this conversation any longer but figured she’d find out soon anyway. “Actually, Benny and his girlfriend just had a hard break-up. That’s why he’s here.”
Cas raised one eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest, which made him look—taller somehow. Or something. “Shakespeare
“I have. But I haven’t come up with an answer. I don’t think it’s something I can know for sure until it happens. My life turned into something completely different from the moment I was assigned to rescue the soul named Dean Winchester from Hell. Chuck brought me back—more times than I can count—to be here for
For example, Dean knew without a doubt that last night’s nightmare—of flames licking up his bedroom walls—was based on his own distorted memories of a long-ago house fire that left his mom with some pretty gnarly burns along her left arm. But the feeling of wings suddenly sprouting from his back, taking him away from the blaze—that
Jack when he acted like he was always two seconds away from twirling his non-existent evil mustache.
that all of the people at Heaven’s Gate were made to be as genetically similar as possible. What did you think that meant?”
dad—might reach out.” Charlie’s voice tried to treat him delicately—the same way she would treat a rare comic book. “Or even if… something’s happened to him, you might hear from an uncle or a grandparent.”
“Look, I’m not asking for much,” his brother says, over Dean’s obvious snort and the continued rattle of the doorknob. “I found this activity online that is supposed to foster communication between two people. You both answer these 36 questions and then you’re supposed to look into each other’s eyes for four minutes. If you do that, regardless of the outcome, I’ll give you the antidote and unlock the room.”
“And where we’re going now? That’s not a spoiler?” Other Dean asks. I’d been giving him directions on a turn by turn basis since we left the park. We probably had about an hour until we were in Lebanon.
is who Dean is waiting for because his whole body twists in that direction, all distractions forgotten.
And, of course, he wasn’t the only one who noticed. As the days passed, Dean went from looking confused to hurt to mildly angry whenever all three of them were together. And yet, no one mentioned it.
Now, Sioux Falls ain’t exactly New York City, but it’s not quite the sticks that Lebanon is. A few weeks ago, I wondered what the population was here. Cas answered “199” with the caveat that Mrs. Tenley, who ran the butcher shop where they pick up lamb’s blood, was expecting twins any day now. So, the chances of finding an internet café in town were slim to none.
I meant the whole—” he gestured vaguely until it was clear that she was going to need him to use his words. “People being homophobic crap.”
Dean’s jaw tightens slightly with the need to defend the stranger—but Benny isn’t Jo—he doesn’t know the kind of trigger-hair temper he has when it comes to anything involving this particular psychopath. And, frankly, he doesn’t deserve to find out.
“If you find that you need help in there, you can use this to reach me,” the employee said, bypassing Lisa to hand the walkie-talkie over to Dean. “I’m Aaron,” the guy followed up with a wink, which definitely did
“Ooooh.” Cas sensed Gabriel vibrating from several thousand miles away. “Hand the phone over. I want to talk to Boy Toy.”
"Dean had had an out-of-body experience once..." - Slight reference to "In My Time of Dying" (2x1) where Dean and Tessa are wandering around the hospital after the car accident from the Season 1 finale
There weren’t sparks, no neon sign that appeared over them flashing “SOULMATE!”, no choir of angels singing. But Dean’s hand was warm and surprisingly calloused and Castiel thought that was more information than he could deal with at the moment.
“Here,” Dean offered, stripping off his jacket to reveal a shirt similar to the one Cas was wearing, and began undoing buttons. His arms were out of the sleeves and he was starting to peel off his undershirt when Castiel developed the sense to stop him.
Of course, that shouldn’t stop Dean from calling or texting the guy—but Lisa’s voice in his head made him paranoid about everything he said or wrote. And it wasn’t the
It’s just—all this destiny stuff. Didn’t it seem a bit like a “Get Rich Quick” scheme to anyone else? The universe guaranteeing the perfect partner for you. Better buy-in as soon as possible—and don’t bother asking questions because it’ll all work out.
The only point of satisfaction he can muster is informing Nick that, based on what he’d said, they could hold him for entering private property, stalking, breaking parole to go to a casino, and for the several unregistered weapons they’d found in the trunk of his car. Dean’s also going to have a little chat with the waitress he was apparently feeling up—anything to make sure this asshole can’t see Jack unless it’s from the other side of prison bars. And
“It’s pretty late.” Pretty early actually. Thank God neither of them has classes tomorrow. “Maybe we should, uh, press pause on this and get some shut-eye?”
“Forget about his car. Maybe he was driving the company car. Or took an Uber. Or maybe he fuckin’ walked. It’s
Dean felt like he’d fallen asleep on a beach, gotten sunburn, only to be slapped awake. “If this is some ‘bis are promiscuous’ propaganda bullshit—”
If anything, that only causes this Dean’s emotions to harden further, like metal being packed down to make a bullet. “You a mind reader?” he wonders, voice accusatory, fingers twitching at his sides like he wants to make a fist.
“And now Sam and Jess are a thing. Or, more of a thing, I guess,” he kicked a pebble with the toe of his boot, sending it skittering into an open soda cup lying on the ground. “That dumbass better wait ‘til he’s done with school to propose or have her babies or whatever.”
Dean stared at him. Castiel stared back. A bead of sweat rolled down the actor’s neck, disappearing into the shadows of his shirt. “How is that I
“How can you say she likes David? She’s with--” Clearly, Jack can’t remember Mr. Bland Handsome Doctor Guy’s name either.
“What?” he asks, innocently. “It’s the truth! Chuck even got some you goo in his hair the first time.”
“But then the little assholes at school showed him the worst rag articles—about how Lisa was heartbroken and in rehab or some shit… how you and I were planning to move to New York or something…. He got upset. He, uh, even tried to trick Lisa and I into this whole date night thing. Had Mrs. B make spaghetti for dinner, tore up some of the flowers from the yard to set the table, and then dimmed the lights and ducked out on us.”
Cas plopped the napkin off to the side of his plate where it caused the silverware to clang together, menacingly. “You truly take compliments the worst of any person I’ve ever met.”
“For that matter,” he says, remembering something that kind of bugs him. “You totally know when someone’s checking you out. But they try to tell you you’re hot or whatever and suddenly, you’re all, ‘My temperature is perfectly regulated at the moment.’ What gives?”
. I was there…in his head. He thought that Mom should have known better than to make a deal with a demon. He thought that six-month-old Sammy was impure for something that wasn’t close to being his fault. He thought…he thought that it was a shame that someone with a soul as bright as mine tarnished it by going to Hell for him.”
“Speak for yourself…He did lock us in here!” Dean reminds the angel, only to have Cas check him by bumping his shoulder into his. “Fine…I guess I
Maybe because of this, when they did go back to work, they weren’t as silent as before. Instead, Cas would read out loud some of the more colorful things Crowley wrote in emails and Sam would interrupt his review of the contract to tell stories from his time at Stanford.
For a moment, it was just quiet. That was rare with Charlie—she usually was going off a mile a minute—giving the Energizer Bunny a run for its money. Under other circumstances, he might appreciate the silent camaraderie, but as the clock flipped over to 12:31, he could feel it—the need to get this
“I was just asking if you’d be interested in doing an escape room sometime? We need six to eight people, so I figure you, me, and Dean,” he counted on his fingers. “Jess, Lisa, and—” He turned to his brother for ideas.
I meet his eyes. There’s just enough moonlight for me to see that they are as stubborn and green as my own, except he has the benefit of knowing that he’s right here.
Instead, he claps Sam on the back when their drinks are finished and suggests they bring the rest back to the motel, where they have an angel waiting for them.
But Dean already knows—Sam can see it in the relaxing of his shoulders, in the gratitude in his eyes right before he ducks his head. “Dude,” Dean scoffs, as he reaches down to grab Cas’s hand to drag him along—not that the ex-angel seems to mind. “How many times do I have to tell you? No chick flick moments.”
“I can remember some of my thoughts from this time,” he murmurs, quietly, twisting the top off his own beer. “But it was a few brainwashings ago…so I can’t say for sure what this book contains. Some of it will, undoubtedly, make you…uncomfortable,” and if Dean didn’t know that angels could control all of their bodily responses, he would have sworn that Cas was blushing. “But through this exercise with the questions—it’s clear we’ve held on to some misunderstandings that…I’ve
Gordon Walker had a longer resume than Lee’s—apparently, he’d recently been in a Terminator reboot—but there was a quiet underlying menace to his performance that wouldn’t work for the role.
Castiel pushed his cart as far to one side of his current aisle as he could so that he wouldn’t be blocking traffic—before firmly glaring at the shelves of picture frames. “I’ve never understood something you’ve said less in my
The fabric was softer than what he was used to wearing—having developed a habit for dress shirts in private school that he never really grew out of—though he had switched mostly to polos since his move to L.A. Beyond that, it smelled vaguely like Dean—like sunshine on leather and the color blue dipped in green that he attributed to Dean’s shampoo. It was… strange, sensing Dean so close when he wasn’t nearby. Cas tried not to think about it.
Dean knows he’s good at this. He starts slow and steady, curling his tongue around Cas’s sinfully and swallowing the groan that gets him. Cas pushes one hand against the small of Dean’s back, forcing him to stumble forward a step even though there was barely any space between them already—and they don’t so much breathe as pass air back and forth between themselves as Dean grips the back of Cas’s hair and tugs, sharply.
Annoyance and nervousness radiate off Dean in equal measure—and again, it doesn’t make any sense. What does Dean have to be nervous about? Does he think that Castiel is going to take whatever he’s heard and… report it back to Naomi somehow?
They talked about Cas’s human experiences some yesterday—but what had Cas actually said besides that it sucked? Nothing concrete—but Dean already knew he’d been kidnapped and tortured a few times. Wasn’t that enough reason to get emotional even without there being anything else?
“I… I want to be someone you trust,” Cas responded at last, pacing his response slowly. “Someone who’s allowed to be there for you—and care about you. That seems mutually exclusive with being your soulmate.”
Cas gives Dean one of those stares that is like a one-way mirror, like he’s taking in everything about him, meanwhile, Dean can’t read anything back. “I don’t know,” he says, finally, tilting his head to the side, still appraising the hunter. “But I have faith that it could be.”
“That Brady is the executor of the will for several deceased clients. If one of them has property in Fort Scott and he hasn’t dispersed their assets yet….”
Castiel thought, angry at himself and Lisa and Dean all at once, even though the last two were unjustified.
Instead, Dean tugs Cas forward by his belt loops, swallowing the sound of Cas’s surprise. Two seconds later, Cas is melting into him—and this is
…you ever feel comfortable with me telling Sam about this morning, that might help. He’s your brother, but he’s more neutral than some of our other acquaintances and can usually give me the best insight into your point of view.”
They never talked about the specifics of where John had been. Or why John burned the shoes he’d worn that day. Or why Dean never saw his dad’s favorite Colt ever again.
a fan, he still brings “Ken Doll” up every few minutes, blaming him for all slow-delivered test results and out-of-bed patients.
by Cassie Robinson. The first is a write-up on April’s arrest from yesterday—the second, complete with blurry photographs of Nick in handcuffs being led into the station, is from just this morning. His eyes blur over as he reads, only picking out key phrases from the articles like ‘Castiel Novak’ and ‘Angel Killer’, the hairs on the back of his neck suddenly standing up.
It’s the most I’ve ever heard him talk at one time—and I have to remind myself over again that this is an
“Well, that’s just fuckin’ fantastic.” The actor flopped back on his recliner, folding his arms over his face.
He’s back to almost beaming while Dean’s soulmark seems to burn hot under his shirt sleeves in accusation. God, anything could be happening to Cas right now—he might already have
I nod in understanding. By the looks of things, Bobby and other Me definitely know something’s up, but they’re not mentioning it. A few verses of
“Or stab it in the heart. Come on. What are the chances aliens are really coming in peace and not to drink out our brains like a milkshake?”
“I know it’s not your favorite thing,” she admitted, leading him over to the bed. Pajamas forgotten, he shucked his jeans off, giving a groan of appreciation when his back hit the mattress. “But it’s been a while, and they’d like to see you. Plus, I thought you and my dad really hit it off last time.”
Still, the author had always liked quiet moments at home the best—and now that Lisa seemed fine with it, Cas stayed over at Dean’s place a few times. They made a point of not doing anything intimate there, but just going to sleep together after trading a few soft kisses was amazing—and something that Cas was always greedy to repeat.
“You talk to your mom?” the actor questioned, suddenly serious, as Cas dipped a steak fry in honey mustard.
Cas takes the knife that he hands him, checking its weight. “Third one from the right, between the eyes,” he predicts. Then, Dean blinks and the blade is right where Cas said it was going to be.
“You a shrink now?” Dean questioned, defensive, and Cas felt his first real surge of annoyance of the evening rear its head.
“Fewer by the minute. Besides, I’m opposed to the idea of recommending you to others,” Cas commented, at last approaching the station where a tomato and an onion had been set on a cutting board for him to chop.
Of course, there was no way that their conversation was going to pass by unnoticed—and as soon as Alfie asks, “Invited to what?” the group is gathered around them, examining the ring in his hand and putting two and two together pretty quickly. Castiel accepts their congratulations with grace and extends his own to Anna and Ash who finally heard back from the residency programs they had most wanted. Castiel, himself, will be moving to New York in a couple of weeks.
“No, Dean, that’s—” She steadied herself, clearly using one of the breathing techniques she’d picked up at yoga. “The point is that our relationship shouldn’t be an afterthought.”
“Cas’s name in Enochian,” I explain. “We have to write him in as an exception before we can finish the angel warding, so he doesn’t get kicked out.”
“But I don’t know how to just…talk to you…now that you’ve told me…” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “You know, what you told me…”
"Come on, Jess, leave the kid alone," Caesar cuts in, shoving his husband's arm with an exasperated sigh. "I'd like to say he's joking, but he's not. Don't worry about the shirt."
“I’m going to screw this up, aren’t I?” Dean whispers, his worst fear bleeding out in the dark. He’s not even sure why he asks, or if the words are loud enough to be heard over the rumble of the engine, but Castiel sucks in a soft breath and clears his throat.
“Don’t tell me what to do,” he says, and he’s not sure where it comes from exactly, but the shock on Castiel’s face tells him he’s made a mistake. Too bad he doesn’t fucking care.
She’s quiet for a moment, stuck in some thought Dean isn’t privy to, but he waits. Then, when she arrives at some unspoken conclusion, she rests her palm on his cheek, stretching up on her toes to reach, and whispers for only him to hear. “You are so very special, Dean. So very good for this world.”
"What's her problem?" Dean asks when they're a safe distance away, but Castiel doesn't look over at him, and Dean gets the feeling he's a little pissed too. "And you—what's
“Dean,” he says, not a hint of the edge he’d had in his voice moments before. They’ve done this six whole times now, but it still feels new and absolutely fucking
“Oh, so modest!” The man smiles, flashing pearly white teeth as he glances down at a smudged note on his palm.
She doesn’t fight him, taking the comfort that’s offered as she cries. They’re silent tears, and Dean gets the feeling they’re
After a moment, Castiel elaborates. “It’s an ancient tradition, really. One passed down through generations.” Dean’s father, who’d been reading up until now, perks up, dropping his book to his lap as Castiel continues. “The heir to the throne—the first born child—shall not be tainted by the touch of others. It’s—”
“Oh God, I don’t even know, uh…” Dean looks to the ceiling, to the cherubs painted in soft pastels, and tries to remember what he ate while worrying about his prince. “Bacon. There was definitely bacon. And pancakes I think? I didn’t eat much, honestly.” And now that he thinks of it, he’s fucking hungry.
Unlike with Dean, Castiel doesn’t offer his hand in help, turning his back instead as he passes the sword to Victor before stalking away, wiping the blood from his face as his guards follow.
“Okay,” Dean breathes, turning his back to the retreating boy. He shakes his head and runs his fingers through Cookie's mane. She snorts, shuffling from foot to foot and bobbing her head towards the door. Dean chuckles, rolling his eyes as he leads her out into the crisp, not-quite-frosty air. “Let's go, you impatient beast.”
“Yeah, I spent most of the week in my room. Wasn’t feeling well.” He doesn’t smile—doesn’t even twitch as he stares Mick down.
His face is forced around this time, no gentle coaxing, and now they're nose to nose, staring, and Castiel looks like he might crumble the earth under the toe of his polished oxfords.
“Why are you pathetic this time?” Charlie asks, arching a perfectly plucked eyebrow at the both of them as she drops onto her own barstool. She looks kind of foxy, with the smoky eyes she’s got going on, and Dean can’t help but notice the looks she’s getting.
"Yes, sir. Been missing since dinner—hasn't been seen since just after lunch. Miss Bradbury informed me he was taking a private walk in the forest when she last saw him."
It’s all teeth and tongue and desperate need to be close, and Dean loves it. He needs it, and he sinks right into it as his heart soars, lodging itself somewhere near his vocal cords as everything inside him shifts, pulling him closer to his prince. He clings to him, hands tangling in his perfectly pressed button-down, like he’ll never let him go. And maybe he won’t—maybe he’ll keep him here, just like this, forever.
Dean's breath freezes in his lungs, his eyes going wide as the world stops turning, and everything he suspected is confirmed.
“Hi, Mom,” Dean says, pulling her into his arms. She smells like home—like old cookbooks and woodsmoke—and Dean’s heart aches just a little. He’s missed home.
Charlie shoots him a glare as she straightens her hair, but she turns to his mother with a bright smile. “Nice to meet you, ma’am. Charlie Bradbury.”
Castiel's not around, and neither is Dean, so he doesn't pay much attention, especially through the date with Sarah.
Dean’s head snaps up and he meets Castiel’s eyes. They’re unreadable as he stands there in his royal robes—shimmering white and blue gems dripping from the lavish fabric. He has an eyebrow quirked, almost tucking itself under his crown, and Dean’s back straightens, his chin lifting as his eyes drop down to the floor.
He can practically feel the daggered glare April is shooting him, and Michael's pinched-face pout is turning the air sour. But he doesn't care. God, he doesn't think he cares about
“I kind of want to check it out. You?” Dean jumps, startled by the voice in his ear before he turns his gaze to Charlie with a smile.
“There,” Castiel says, tucking in the last bit of gauze around Dean’s bruised knuckles. “No more of this, alright?” He holds up Dean’s hand, giving him a stern look and a raised brow before adding, “Doctor’s orders.”
His sulky tone is clear even to his own ears, but the soft, rumbling chuckle that rolls from Castiel has his stomach fluttering, and his sour mood, lifting just a little.
,” he snaps, shooting forward and gripping Castie’s shoulder before shoving him back in his chair. “That’s enough.”
With one raised eyebrow and a bland look, Castiel takes the rose and bops Dean on the nose with it. "Would you rather I not offer you one?"
“What? You got a problem with swapping spit? Gosh, Meg, I never took you for a prude.” The scowl she shoots him is worth batting his eyelashes like a schoolgirl and the sugary-sweet tone he forces.
Dean watches him for a moment longer, loving the way his suit hugs his curves as he bends to scrutinize Sam’s work.
“I’m your first, then?” Dean says, a cheeky grin on his lips, but the joke seems to go right over Castiel’s head as he steps closer.
“Jesus, the way you fear your stylist like she’s the goddamned devil, herself,” Charlie mutters, lying back and closing her eyes to the sky as if she hasn’t got a care in the world.
But the other part of him is reminded that Castiel doesn't think he's unfaithful—sure, Dean's still mad about the whole
Dean doesn't even realize he's smiling until he catches sight of a camera on his right. He jumps, giving the cameraman a scowl of his own before turning away. What do they want with him anyway? They never followed him this much before.
“Oh yeah?” Dean glances over at him, smiling, but doesn’t push for more as he waits for Castiel to continue.
"Have you heard from Charlie? Or anything about Hannah?" He's been thinking about them since he walked away from Kelly—they're the only two in this competition that he still considers his friends, after all—and only just realized he hasn't heard from either of them all day.
The thought calms his rattled nerves for a moment, and he starts to think maybe he won't pass out in the first thirty seconds. Maybe he won't stumble over his words so badly that everyone looks at him with disdain, or worse—
“Why the hell do you need to wax my legs?” Dean snaps, a little louder than he means to, and the other suitors look over to watch the exchange.
“Cas,” he murmurs, pulling the prince’s attention to him. Castiel lets the watch he was fiddling with, slide into his lap. “I, uh… it’s not much, but I made this for you.” Dean clears his throat, unable to meet Castiel’s eyes as he holds up the necklace with its silver feather pendant swinging on the end.
“Mr. Winchester,” the voice rumbles, and it’s not the shrill tone Susie always has with his impoliteness. It catches his attention and he scowls into his pillow before flipping onto his back. The doorknob rattles, then opens, and Dean throws an arm over his eyes.
“He threatened you?” Castiel blurts, cutting Dean off with the kind of venomous tone he’s never heard from his prince before.
“Are you happy?” Castiel asks, totally out of the blue, and Dean’s not quite sure what he means by that. Right now? Sure. In general? Well…
“Alert the guards on patrol, inside the palace and in the grounds. He can’t have gotten far on his own, and if—” Castiel cuts himself off, looking over his shoulder at the other suitors as panic spikes in his tone.
Dean scowls, looking down at the charcoal suit he threw on after his shower, forgoing the vest and tie. "Yeah," he answers, a question and a challenge. "And?"
"Thank you for joining us tonight," Duma says into a mic, standing in front of a podium with an ease that Dean envies. "In the next few hours, we will hear from the remaining seven suitors as they present their ideas on how to improve our great nation." There's scattered applause as Dean's eyes roam the packed seats, taking in the dazzling lights and sweeping decorations. "These reforms, if approved by the Crown, will not only be a pastime for the chosen suitor, but their mission to accomplish should the Crown Prince take them as his spouse."
He doesn’t look at her as he asks, doing his best to sound calm and disinterested, and failing miserably at all of it.
“Should we call you Mr. Snowman, or will Dusty do?” Frank asks, finally noticing him within the crowd and clasping his hand.
“Excuse me, your highness?” A member of staff cuts in, but Castiel barely notices, and never looks away from Dean as he listens to what the man has to say. “Mr. Davies would like a word, and Duma has come to discuss some logistics as well.”
Even in the comfort of this quiet sanctuary, exhaustion weighs on him, and the gut-wrenching pain of loneliness sucks the life from his bones. He’s just so tired, and the pile of blankets and cushions is the most inviting thing he’s ever seen.
Before Dean knows what’s happening, hands grab at his arms and force him to move. He doesn’t struggle, too shocked by the chaos around him to fight as the crowd goes nuts. They shout and cheer, and reporters try to shove their microphones in Dean's face, and then words are being spoken into his ear.
The relief that washes over Dean snuffs out his blush and he nods—maybe a bit too emphatically, because Charlie arches an eyebrow and April and Kelly look between he and Castiel like they’re missing something. Michael looks pissed, Meg has a keen, penetrating glare aimed at him, and Hannah and Sarah both just look a little sad.
Dean nods, a puff of air escaping him as he fights to focus on the precise turn of the glassware in front of him. “Thank you,” he murmurs, his heart leaping as Castiel’s scent surrounds him.
, does Castiel really not know about this? Surely he would’ve told Dean if he had. And if he does, and just decided not to, does it mean this isn’t a big deal? Or that he thinks Dean’s just not going to see it?
“I need a semi-private room for a birthday party,” Dean says, point-blank. No use dancing around the issue.
Dean curls his pinky finger around Darren’s much smaller one. You know, like the well-educated man he is.
she’s dressed him in. It looks good, he’s won’t lie, but the dark circles under his eyes and the hollows in his cheeks don’t have a chance in hell of hiding from the harsh lights of the camera.
Dean steps back on his platform, only barely aware of the spectacle playing out as Meg makes her exit.
Castiel rounds the corner, still dressed to the nines in his formal wear and crown, but the smile on his face is entirely for Dean—that relief, so sweet and genuine, Dean could just kiss it right off—
The camera crew hardly notices his entrance, and neither does anyone else, but he locks eyes with Meg the second he looks her way. It only lasts a fraction of a second, but he swears there's something sharp, and cold, and accusatory there.
Seven days is too long to wait, so for now, I'm posting twice a week while I've got the time to write. At some point, I need to write my DCBB fic, though, so posting will go back to once a week then.
Dean doesn't panic, though, knowing they're in their rooms drinking lots of fluids and resting up—doctor's orders.
Castiel’s shoulders slump, and he huffs again. “Yes, you’re right.” He pulls his bottom lip between his teeth, thinking, and Dean forces down the slow curl of heat in his belly—
Dean’s heart thuds against his rib cage and he reaches out a hand when Castiel’s voice catches but draws it back almost immediately. “I’m right here,” he whispers, brushing gentle fingers over the hand still holding the back of his head. “I’ve been right here all this time, and I’m
fault. His best friend, the very best thing in his life, is gone, and Dean wants to follow him into the river—into the stardust.
Her face glows in the sunshine, radiant as ever as she beams, flashing her teeth in a red sundress. “What’s up?” He slows his pace as she catches up with him, and she’s practically bouncing on the balls of her feet.
“What…?” Balthazar glances around, his eyes opening wider as he starts to struggle. “What about me? Where’s my rose?” he slurs, looking at Castiel as he fights harder. “Where’s mine?” Castiel ducks his head as Balthazar is led out, his shouts carrying down the hall.
Dean's heart aches for the young monarch and he wants nothing more than to reach out and take his hands, but he holds back, not wanting to make Castiel any more uncomfortable than he already is.
Dean decides that must be the case for all of them because even Hannah is closer to the other side of the room than normal, and the nearest person to Dean happens to be Charlie, who he knows doesn’t really care what Castiel thinks of her.
It's just too much all at once, and with everything that's going on with Charlie and Hannah, Dean can't take any more stress. He doesn’t need to worry about Castiel being weird on top of all that, and yet, here he is, more annoyed than he has any right to be, but
Even in the dark, though, Dean can see that there are no guards standing watch. No force to keep out Lucifer and his merry band of… Okay, so he doesn’t know if there’s a merry band, or if it’s just him, but he suspects.
“Your highness,” a small, meek-looking staff-member says, her blue eyes wary in the wake of Castiel’s anger. “Your mother wanted me to give these to you straight away.”
“Damn,” Dean breathes, a laugh puffing from his lips. “So, you gonna let an early-twenties guy suck your dick, or what?”
Dean looks down at the neat, white towel waiting for him on the rack with a scowl. There’s no way he’s getting that wrapped around his waist with his shoulder like it is. He could try the robe, but that’ll get in the way of his shoulder. Hmm…
Castiel takes a step closer, his shoes clicking on the tile, and lifts a hand to Dean's face. His fingers brush the fading bruise, so soft and careful, but Dean feels it in his bones. "The makeup is almost gone," Castiel murmurs, stepping closer still, and Dean's breath catches.
Dean snaps his mouth shut, confused as all hell, but he nods, and Castiel lets out a breath in a rush of air like he’d been holding it in.
He’s halfway through the grounds on his way to the stables when two guards stop him. It’s almost a relief, honestly, since he’s not really sure what he plans to do with the horses. He can’t ride them in his state, and he’s pretty sure the smell of horse shit will have him vomiting in the tack room.
With his stomach in knots, Dean sets his food aside, no longer hungry. He waits for her to speak, hands folded in his lap as he looks into the middle space. Out by the barn, the stableboy leads Brigit through the doors, her coat shiny, and her stomach bulging. He’s pretty sure Castiel told him she was due in the spring, but he’ll have to clarify.
Benny moves on quickly, and Dean has to laugh at how the popular football jock tucks-tail and scurries away from the book nerd. Oh, how the tables have turned.
"I don't know what you saw—okay, well, I do," Lucifer starts, a wicked smile turning his eyes manic as he leans in, sour breath in Dean's nose. "But if you tell
Castiel peeks out the motel window into the dark parking lot, but nothing moves. It’s been over an hour and no pizza. He’s fairly certain there’s a thirty minute guarantee on delivery, so if that time is
“Really, Suse, I feel like this is a bit excessive. What is it? Like, five o'clock?” He stifles a yawn as she holds up two
Dean feels it like a cleaver to the head when he’s dragged up, and his shoulder... God, his shoulder fucking
The silence stretches on for a few beats before Castiel blinks, and looks down. Not much about his expression changes, but Dean can see his throat working, and the lines of his face deepening. But only for a second, then he turns away.
Dean's breath catches, trapped behind the lump lodged in his windpipe, and just like that, all his anger and frustration melt away. He can see it in his prince's eyes, how much he means it, and just knowing that he's willing to put himself out there to keep Dean
With trembling hands, he pulls up his presentation, taking a deep, less-than-steadying breath as he looks to the royal family. They stare back, straight-faced and expectant, and Dean almost loses his nerve—and his dinner—before Castiel’s eyes soften, a small smile, just barely noticeable as he nods for Dean to go on.
On the one hand, he’ll be able to determine whether or not Castiel is angry with him, and on the other, if he can get Castiel to agree to a time tomorrow…
Beside him, Castiel huffs, and when Dean looks down, Castiel's cheeks are tinged a nice shade of pink.
Then Castiel tips his head forward, his eyes shining as he looks at Dean. “You’re quite strange, you know?”
Dean picks at the food, sifting through it before making a tiny sandwich from two crackers, some Swiss cheese, and salami. He stuffs it all in his mouth in one go and instantly regrets it as the crackers suck the moisture from his mouth.
“Hmm…” Castiel hums, leaning closer as his eyelids droop and he smiles, close-lipped and soft. “Will you listen if I say it is?”
Castiel takes a breath through his nose, then another, and closes his eyes before swallowing Dean down. His eyes water, jaw aching and gag-reflex protesting, but he ignores it, moaning softly at the absolute fucking bliss of pleasuring Dean.
“I suppose that would be an obstacle,” Lydia says, pushing her hair over her shoulder with a sympathetic nod. “Is there much in-fighting, then? Between the suitors, I mean.”
"Wha… whatcha doing?" Dean flushes, and he's so thankful for the dim lighting because holy fuck, he's entirely indecent right now and all Castiel’s done is unhook his mantle and pull off his gloves.
Horror seeps into Dean’s bones. Fuck, she’ll kill him. “Right—gotta go!” He hurries from the kitchen, slipping and sliding before he gets to the door, following the guards sent to lead him back. He’s more than a little relieved when they lead him through a different set of doors, up a wide staircase, and into the brightly lit, rainbow hallway that he knows leads to the viewing room.
“Are you planning a counter-charge?” Castiel asks, all business now as he leans back in his high-backed desk chair and looks to Anael. He’s ridiculously intimidating like this, in all his authoritative glory, but instead of feeling threatened, Dean struggles to shove back the electric buzz of attraction zipping through him.
"Come close," Castiel whispers when they round the corner and step into a hallway at least twice as wide as the ones Dean frequents. It's lit with a golden glow, the walls shining with elegant foliage that climb up to the high, arching ceilings. "The event hall is just ahead."
“I don’t know,” Charlie says, sipping her mimosa before stealing a piece of bacon from Dean’s plate. He curls his lip at her but doesn’t otherwise protest. “I wouldn’t really be surprised, though. What with all the,” she holds up her glass and winces, “you know.”
“Yes. Of course, yes.” Dean beams, taking the rose from Castiel, their fingers brushing, as they always do.
Why would she think otherwise? She has Lucifer on her side to deny whatever Dean claims. She probably thinks he chickened out since she hasn’t been escorted out of the palace by armed guards, and if he’s being honest, Dean’s not sure why she
Crown on his head and shoes clicking with every sure step—Dean is reminded once more of who Castiel is, and it does something to him, burning hot in his veins and flooding his cheeks with a blush.
Dean smiles, leaning forward to find Jo at the end of the couch next to the one he, Charlie, and Hannah are sitting on. She catches his eye and beams back, still glowing from her date with the prince.
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Dean whispers, his voice cracking as he pushes himself up and marches to the bathroom. He needs a distraction, and a shower, so he might as well kill two birds with one stone.
Castiel swipes his thumb over Dean's lower lip, staring and staring and staring as the bright, white rim of the end of the tunnel draws closer. There's something in his eyes, soft and yearning, that makes Dean lean in for one last kiss, and Castiel closes his eyes as their lips touch and hold, only for a moment, but it's enough for now.
After a moment, Dean sits up, the blanket pooling in his lap, and scans the bookshelf beside his head for something to read, settling on Bram Stoker’s
“Oh.” She doesn’t say anything else, just standing with her hands folded in front of her and her eyes looking everywhere but at him.
Instead of answering, he shrugs, lifting one shoulder as he looks into the swirling, glowing water beside him where the koi fish swim. He's sure they'll need to be removed soon, but for now, they seem content in their pool.
As soon as Dean steps through the door, he stops, looking around for the dessert tables that always line one side of the room, but they’re not there, and Dean’s mood plummets. He sulks to a sofa—also not in the right spot—and falls into the corner with Charlie hot on his heels. All the chairs and couches, which normally sit facing each other, are set up in a semi-circle of sorts to face a screen set up against the dessert wall.
Dean tumbles backward, his arms windmilling as his foot gets caught in the stirrup. Cookie sidesteps, whinnying and knocking Dean back another step, and then there are arms around Dean’s chest, holding him up as his heart thunders against his rib cage.
“You good back there?” Dean calls to Alfie and gets a grunt in return. With every step down into the darkness, Dean’s lungs seize up a little more.
“Cas, you can’t—” Dean says, low and panicked as he looks around at the hundreds of onlookers. They all see, and he’ll be tackled, or arrested, or—
He doesn't say anything, not wanting to start in with her, too. She must see it on his face, though, and hear it in his silence, because she just ducks her chin with a bitter little smile, and moves to the other side of the room without another word.
"No—" Dean shouts, cringing away from the barrel of the gun as he wraps his arms around Castiel's head. But in an instant, Benny's gun drops as his face falls from tense panic to relief.
"She thought I was flirting with Sarah," Dean snaps, letting it all come out in a forceful whisper. "She just—" He shakes his head, his voice trembling with every word. He can't even
It doesn’t take him long to fall asleep, and when he does, he’s not worrying about what tomorrow will bring. He’s not sure he wants to know, anyway.
With a nod and another hint of a smile, she stands. The breeze whispers through her skirts, sending up the scent of rose petals and copper before she slips back into the garden, leaving Dean alone with his breakfast and his thoughts.
"Morning, Prince Novak.” Dean forces a smile, but it's shaky. All the confusion and anger from the night before swells up again and he has to force it back down so he doesn't burst into an angry rant or collapse in tears.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asks after a moment, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and a frown creasing his brows. “Dean,” he says when Dean doesn’t answer, reaching forward and resting his fingers on Dean’s knee. He’s startled into looking up.
“What? Uh,” Dean gapes, his eyes roaming over Novak’s broad shoulders and totally lick-able jawline. “No. No, they—no.” He shakes his head, grimacing like the thought is repulsive. “Jo is like a sister to me, Anael doesn’t
“You mind your own and let me do my job.” She swats his hands away and turns on the blowdryer, effectively cutting off any further complaints he might have.
Castiel gives him a one-shoulder shrug, his eyes flicking to Susie before settling back on Dean. “It’s your body—if you don’t like something, tell her no.”
He can’t help the anger that simmers low in his gut for the rest of breakfast, dashing his appetite and ruining his mood as he leaves the dining hall.
from between the others and holds it to the light. It’s not a first edition, like the one in the rainbow room, but it’s old, nonetheless.
“No? He doesn’t drink often?” Dean raises an eyebrow, something like hope and happiness and giddy emotion swirling in his stomach as she shakes her head.
to tell her why. He knows, of course—Castiel is on his date with Sarah—and despite his reluctance to admit it to Charlie, it’s all he can think about.
Dean takes the pen Castiel hands him with a quiet, “Thank you.” He’s glad to have something to occupy his mind, though he’s getting a bit hungry, so here’s to hoping they can get this done sooner rather than later.
“Dean!” Susie snaps, patting his leg. “Pay attention.” Dean huffs, but does as he's told as, on screen, Monday rolls into Tuesday, and Dean's limping through a torrential downpour, gripping his shoulder, covered from head to toe in mud and blood.
He shoves a few more forkfuls into his mouth and washes it down with lukewarm coffee as he stands, not giving the slightest fuck when April shoots him a look that lets him know she's absolutely
"Tell us a bit about the group-outing, please?" Duma asks, reading right from her page. She's taken to editing in the questions around his answers since he can't seem to grasp the whole
"Ha-ha, very funny—take me there, dumbass. I thought you were here to protect me from the big, bad whatever-it-is the prince is so afraid of?" Dean spins around narrowing his eyes on Benny as he continues walking backward.
Every part of Dean is on fire, from the top of his head to the tips of his toes, but he doesn't care. All he wants to do is
But thinking about his dad makes him think about Cas, and thinking about Cas has him thinking about the lost look in his eyes when Dean had pulled up to the rain-soaked curb Castiel had called him from. Thinking about his shaking hands, clutching what few belongings he could carry, tears hidden by the rain, but showing in his puffy eyes.
Dean huffs, rolling his eyes like that’s the most ridiculous thing he’s heard all night. “You’re hot as fuck, man,” he says, scooting closer, fingers dipping inside his pants. “And I’m horny as fuck, and you’re, what, late-twenties?”
“Fuck,” Castiel bites out, then he’s coming too, his rhythm faltering as he pulls Dean’s hair almost painfully. Every slam of his hips scoots Dean closer to the window, sliding in his own mess as Castiel fills the condom. “Jesus, Dean.”
Dean flushes, squirming in his seat as heat ripples through him. “Yes, sir,” he mumbles, less as a joke this time and more because he doesn’t know how else to respond to a direct order when he’s not blazing mad.
“Hmm,” Dean hums, like he really has to think about it, and Castiel just waits, soaking in the attention, letting himself feel every inch of Dean against his naked body like so many times before. “I want your cock in my mouth,” he says after a moment, then shoots him a wicked, Dean Winchester patented smile. “And mine in yours.”
Dean spins her away from Castiel and turns on the charm. "My apologies, ma'am." He flashes her a sheepish grin and lets his hands linger on her waist for a moment until he sees Castiel grab two bottles by the neck and continue down the hall. "Are you okay?"
his stylist,” she corrects, arching one perfectly plucked eyebrow while bending to hold his trousers open for him. He steps in, only stumbling a little as she pulls them up. “Who do you think made that suit?” She nods at the door in the direction of the suit Dean hung up the night before.
Dean's heart sits squarely in his throat as they climb more staircases than he thought were possible in this place. He can feel its frantic beats in his temples, and the shaking of his hands does nothing to ease it, either. Not that he expects it to.
It only gets more chaotic as Meg throws more and more food, some of it hitting Charlie, and some going wildly off course as Charlie continues to laugh. They all jump, though, when a booming, angry voice yells, "
Dean nods, though he knows he won’t be telling Castiel every time someone makes a comment—he’d be searching him out every other minute of the day. Besides, he’s a big boy, he can handle it himself.
"Hassling you, have I?" Castiel speaks up, eyebrow raised and a flat look about him. He's so obviously drunk that it's hard to take him seriously, and Dean chokes back a laugh, but it comes out as a snort.
“No, no, no, Mr. Winchester—” Susie huffs, her shoulders falling as Dean straightens from his stumbling formal bow. Turns out that not only is she his stylist, but their Etiquette Director—as she so eloquently puts it—as well. “Extend yourself! Through the back—God, boy,” she shakes her head, muttering under her breath as she turns away.
Dean heaves a heavy sigh, feeling the weight of it all settle down on his shoulders. He’s kind of hungry, but the pizza’s gone, and dinner is still hours away. Maybe he could head down to the kitchens? Sneak a snack while the cooks are on break?
The gravity of his situation crashes down on him so fast and hard, he almost crumbles beneath the weight of it. It doesn't quite take him to his knees, but it could if he lets it. It squeezes his lungs and burns the back of his eyes, but that's about as far as those feelings get before he shuts them down.
“Yes, it is,” she says, cutting him off and giving him a small, sad smile. “It is about him—I know you better than that, Winchester.”
Dean’s glare narrows further, but there’s a stab of unease in his gut now, because he does know what he means. His family, his friends—anyone he can get his hands on to hurt him.
.” He wiggles his eyebrows in the most awkward way, but it has Dean throwing his head back as a laugh bursts from his chest.
A rattling breath escapes Castiel, and Dean can see that he’s warring with himself—relief and anger battling to be heard above the other.
“Well, then,” Castiel says, and smiles in the dark, his eyes squinting as he steps away. “Until the sun rises again.”
His Highness insists he doesn’t pout, but Dean’s sure he catches a jutted lip, and slips him his dinner roll just to see him smile.
Slowly, as his heart pounds, Dean presses the handle down and pushes the door open on smooth, silent hinges before out into the grass. The cool breeze brushes his cheeks and he breathes it in, the scent of pollen and freshwater suffusing his senses as he closes the door behind him with a soft click.
“I get it, baby,” she’s saying, a little tired and a lot resigned. “I’d love to hear what you’re up to, but I get it.” There’s a pause, and Dean closes his eyes, wishing more than anything that he could be at home. “Sam’s healing up well.”
Dean drops into one of the plush, overstuffed armchairs in an alcove, letting his head fall into his hands as all this new information swirls inside him. God, what is going to do?
“Ah,” Castiel says, leaning back as he rubs his hands on his thighs, highlighting the way his trousers stretch tight at the seams, clinging to him like a second skin. “It is, I suppose, though there is a lot that the cameras don’t catch, as well. Dean and I, for example, spend a lot of time together outside filming hours, getting to know each other without the camera as a buffer. The same can be said for my other suitors; we spend private time together, learning things about the other that cannot really be done while putting on a show.”
Castiel has his ghosts, and maybe this won’t fix him—in fact, Dean knows it won’t—but maybe it’s a start.
He scoffs, shaking his head with disgust, but Charlie doesn't look at him now, her eyes fixed on the dark screen.
Hannah takes a moment to think, choosing her words carefully, before she lowers herself onto the bed beside him, almost exactly where Castiel had sat only hours earlier.
The prince grits his teeth, but doesn’t take the bait. He gets a good swipe in at Lucifer, sending him a stumbling step back before he recovers.
"I've been practicing my skill with a sword here and there, mostly on the weekends and when the soldiers aren't busy. They were out here doing just that and Charlie and I thought it'd be fun to try it out." Dean shrugs like it's no big deal, but a grin stretches across his face, lighting him up inside and out.
“God only knows,” Dean says with a sigh, dropping his head back. Who knew teenage drama would follow him into adulthood.
Dean doesn’t lean closer, but he wants to. He wants to feel Castiel’s warmth against his own—to lean into his strength and soak into his peace. He doesn’t, but he
“I don’t take orders from you,” Dean grumbles, and as soon as the words leave his mouth, he knows they’re wrong. Castiel is the
Most of the suitors clap, some cheer and shoot doe-eyed smiles at the door, and others look on serenely. Dean drops his chin.
Castiel has just stepped into the room on TV and Duma is giving her spiel. Dean watches the veiled emotion in Castiel’s expression the entire time, noticing how each person gets a different kind of smile. Meg’s is reserved, while Hannah’s is friendly and familiar; Jo gets a sympathetic tilt of the lips when she stumbles off the platform, and Michael gets a proper, rigid greeting.
Castiel leans in, ignoring the whole room to whisper in Dean’s ear. “I’m sure she will have you in one in no time at all.”
"Yeah, I fell asleep; I was tired." He shrugs, watching her grow more and more agitated by the second. What's the big deal, anyway? Castiel was just as weird, but it's not the first time he's wandered off on his own—what's with all the commotion?
The sitting room is pretty quiet tonight as everyone gets busy researching for their task, but Dean figures this is the best time to ask, so he lowers himself onto the edge of the couch and tries not to look as nervous as he feels.
Before Dean even registers the warning, his mouth, eyes, and nose are filled with flour and he stumbles back, crashing into the table and sending pots, pans, and mixing bowls clattering to the floor.
“Seriously, though, Cas. What's with the slippers?” He thrusts a hand out at the fuzzy, bobbing antennas as Castiel's cheeks darken with a blush.
He nods his greeting, smiling with nervous excitement as his mind whirls with all the ways this could go wrong. He could be kicked out of the palace for it, surely? Or, worse, get into some kind of other trouble—he’s not exactly the luckiest when it comes to avoiding accidents—so why, oh why, did he agree to this?
The palace is a beacon in the night, glowing in all its overwhelming brilliance as the car pulls into the courtyard and stops at the bottom of the stairs.
"Susanna Sampson; I should've guessed. Still his highness's lapdog, are you?" Toni, as Susie called her, smirks, lifting a delicate hand to her lips as she crosses the other arm over her stomach.
"Mr. Winchester? What are you doing here, boy?" Her scowl softens to a frown as she slides her fingers from the frail hand resting in the blankets.
“‘To Castiel,’” he reads, his fingers gliding over the metallic black. “‘Love, Sarah.’” He stutters the word ‘love’ but other than that, he looks pleased, and Dean leans back in his seat, arms crossed over his chest and a grin on his lips as he watches Castiel’s childlike joy in tearing the wrapping to shreds.
Castiel steps back, letting his fingers linger on Dean’s cheek for a moment as the deep blue of his eyes grows even darker in the low light. Castiel sighs when he drops his hands. “We should finish up.”
Dean doesn’t bother lifting his head from his hands when he hears the shout from inside his room. He doesn’t know how long he’s been sitting here for, but it’s gone quiet in the rest of the grounds, so it’s gotta be dinner.
