to him now, and a part of Castiel felt robbed that he would never get to see this moment with his own eyes.
Dean would
"What's wrong?" Dean could picture Cas' head tilting to the side, squinted eyes staring at him worriedly through the darkness, even if he couldn't actually see him. It made Dean want to hide even more.
Turns out not a lot of people were out and about the night before Christmas and almost everyone on their list had shown up with warm smiles and arms full of presents for the organized gift swap later on. Dean had gone all out on the decorations. Red and green garland wrapped around the staircase banister, twinkly lights strung up around the room, holly shaped confetti sprinkled on the table along with a variety of baked goods and a punch bowl filled with eggnog that Dean definitely did
Dean made himself pull back, licking his lips with the restraint of it all and feeling like an idiot for starting something he couldn't finish. "We can't," he whispered regretfully. He lightly bumped their foreheads together and allowed his eye lids to slip shut for a moment. "I want to. Christ, you have no idea how much. But we can't. I'm not in the right head space. I can't. I can't..."
he regained control of Dean’s body. How he’d make sure Dean was awake for all of it, conscious and aware of his own body wringing the life out of his best friend, his lover. His angel.
The people he
"You made me leave my brother." Dean's voice was sharp like the cool blade of a razor slicing through skin and flesh. He said it like a threat. But Castiel didn't flinch. In fact, he didn't appear to be shaken by it at all.
The two are grinning at each other now and Dean feels so light on his feet a giddy little laugh bubbles up from his chest and spills out of him. “What’s so funny?” Cas asked around a chuckle of his own, Dean’s display of elation clearly infectious.
, and it wouldn’t be unless Cas gave him the go-ahead. Dean knew who was really in charge here, and he was more than happy to hand over the reigns and let the chips fall where they may.
As far as self-improvement goes, in some small but no less significant way Dean had opened up about himself to his best friend with a vulnerability he never thought he could share. It took being faced with the reality of losing Cas before he could fix what he had broken between them for Dean’s walls to finally break down.
Dean watched in silent contemplation as Castiel changed into a spare set of pyjamas Dean had set away specifically for this purpose, and slid under the covers next to him, his expression carefully concealed from Dean's rapidly tiring brain. Dean had been on his back but shifted onto his side, facing away from the angel. For a moment Castiel thought Dean had turned his back on him, but that worry had quickly faded when Dean reached his arm back and grabbed Castiel's wrist, pulling him forward until their bodies were lined, Castiel's front to Dean's back, and the angel's arm draped comfortingly over his middle.
“You know today... watching my Mom and Dad together. That was the first time I had seen them like that in a long, long time. And it kinda threw me. Getting to see the way they looked at each other, how they felt when the other was in the room. That type of love... it was like I was seeing it for the first time. But it also reminded me of how I feel about you.”
They found Dean in the kitchen pouring (what was left of) the Halloween candy inside a large black bowl they were planning to leave on the front porch before heading out trick-or-treating for the night. They knew the little rascals keeping the honour system of only taking a couple candies per kid was a long shot, but hey, it was their night, let them overindulge. The worst they could get was a stomach ache.
“Of course.”
Five agonizing seconds passed by in complete silence. It was the kind of silence Castiel had grown to expect while he was away—granted, his evil doppelganger hadn’t left him alone for very long, or at least that’s how it felt, time wasn’t a concept in the empty—but now that he was back, it felt terribly oppressive and he just wanted Dean to
This time there was no hesitation in Dean’s request, and Castiel smiled into their next kiss.
Dean knows who he is now. He knows what he wants and he can finally admit it. He wants Cas. Now and for as long as they have left in this life. But most of all he wants to prove the former angel wrong.
, Dean?”
"I do," Cas said quietly, his eyes haunted by a festering secret of his own.
Once he was sure Sam was safe with their mother and actually still
The overwhelming relief of having Cas brought back to him merely a few hours prior through the help provided by their new God-powered kid had still left Dean shaken. Dean doesn’t cry during sex. He’s not a
As long as the people he loved were alive, Dean served his purpose. As long as they were alive, his job was done.
The angel slowly started pumping his fist and dragged his tongue lazily underneath along the length of Dean's cock. He traced the vein there before reaching the tip again and gently kissing it. The gesture was almost affectionate and it screwed with Dean's head to the point where he almost wished he wasn’t tied up so he could run his fingers through the angel's hair, massage his scalp the way he knew Cas liked it.
Castiel leisurely pulled the fabric down, exposing the new skin slowly, drawing it out, until it got caught under the swell of Dean's ass. A moment later, Castiel changed his mind and decided to slide them down the rest of the way, letting them join the entanglement of clothing around Dean's ankles.
Dean. The Dean that was loud and letting himself enjoy everything Castiel was offering.
Sam’s was the face of a cartoon moose wearing a goofy Santa hat, because
Dean kept his back to the angel while Cas shuffled around the room behind him. Neither one of them spoke as Dean could make out the sound of clothes being removed and a belt unbuckling. He tried not to let his nerves and bubbling excitement get the best of him when Castiel finally walked up behind him, the weight of his presence sending pulsing static up and down Dean’s spine.
Cas did his best, but the knot was loose. Dean was sure he could easily slip out of it with a little maneuvering, but that was the whole the point. The turn on was knowing he could escape but making the conscious choice
“My life is so much better having met you,” Castiel told him, and he remembered saying something like this to Dean once before what felt like a lifetime ago, but that didn't make it any less true now. And it didn't stop Dean's lips from twitching into that shy little smile of his before he leaned in and pressed their lips together in a silent thank you. What he was thanking the angel for—there were too many things for Dean to list.
And there it was, the subtle permission Castiel had been waiting for to touch him, to try and establish a connection between them, let Dean know Cas was there for him if the hunter wanted him to be. Dean looked like a wounded animal as he watched Castiel take the few steps towards him and come to a stop a few inches in front of him. With a troubled crease in his brow Castiel lifted his right hand and carefully traced his finger tips over the red and purple bruising covering Dean's cheek.
would be forever ingrained in Sam's mind. Dean's, too.
Two doors closed. Footsteps cautiously approached.
times. The times that left Dean's ass soar and his legs wobbly for hours. Bending him at the waist, Castiel plastered his body to Dean's back, allowing the hunter to feel his weight and push Dean even further into the cool, sleek hood of Baby.
The world was in perfect balance for maybe the first time ever and it had been a unanimous decision for the brothers to quit while they were ahead before they inevitably screwed it up again. Of course Dean wanted to see everyone and catch up, but Dean was on a mission tonight, a different kind of mission than making sure everyone was having a good time.
"I'm sorry," he said, sounding hesitant yet sincere.
Real. They were real.
. Dean found a Coke bottle ornament that he had the shop keeper paint over to look like a beer bottle instead for himself. Eileen’s insistent input landed her with an apple red bulb with an intricately painted snowflake on the front. Jack took a little longer to pin down but Dean eventually settled on a golden retriever puppy popping its head out of a stocking.
what he wanted to say but he was too much of an emotionally stunted coward to actually say it until it was almost too late. This was their happy medium.
"Yeah," Dean quietly admitted before clearing his throat, suddenly hoarse with emotion. He didn't see the point in trying to deny it. "Been havin' those a lot more recently."
After they broke apart Dean sniffled and took a step back. Eyes back to the floor he rolled his shoulders as if to reset himself. Castiel watched his movements carefully, unsure if their moment had reached its expiration date or not. Dean fidgeted as he began to speak.
They stood there in Dean's room in silence for a moment, neither one of them knowing quite just what to say. Castiel didn't know how he could help in this situation. Dean was so... numb, this far away look in his eyes, almost zombie-like. It unnerved Cas to no end.
“Alright, sweetie. Go show Daddy.” Castiel grinned contently as he watched his four year old daughter, dressed head to toe in an adorable bumble bee costume, waddle out of her bedroom and into the hall in search of her other parent. Cas was eager to see his husband’s reaction and followed closely behind her, having to bite his lower lip to keep himself from chuckling at the foam stinger attached to her behind, bobbing humorously as she ran.
Castiel held eye contact for a brief moment before doing that
"You kinky son of a bitch," Dean huffed a laugh as he let himself sag into the strong embrace holding him from behind, knowing Cas could easily shoulder his weight. "We're not making a habit of this. Baby deserves better." It was a half assed complaint at best, but Dean was all flushed cheeks and wearing a happy grin so Castiel simply hummed his acknowledgement and nuzzled his face into the crook of Dean's neck, his own dopey smile firmly in place.
A quiet voice laced with the grogginess of sleep pulled Dean back to his senses and he quickly yanked his hand away, already aware that it was far too late to play innocent. The hunter retreated into himself, hunching his body and deliberately turning his head away when he felt the weight of the mattress dip beside him.
Dean closed his eyes. "Cuz I might actually hit you and that's not what I want."
"Dean, who is it?" Sam pressed further. At first he had sounded mildly curious, but now he sounded actually quite alarmed, and, oh. Dean must have a
While the man good-naturedly laughs off the outburst he asks Dean to spread his legs for him and Dean easily complies. Dean’s first time with a man leaves him sore for two days with a limp in his walk and the inability to look his best friend directly in the eye for a full 24 hours. The next time was better. Dean even ate breakfast with the new guy the next morning.
And Dean wants to kiss him then—
The minimal space between them was charged with potential like how it used to be before. Dean knew Cas felt it too. Something familiar. Something comfortable. Another good sign. Not wanting to hog the water, Dean stepped aside and took the opportunity to properly look at him.
Dean was just as enthusiastic to show off his latest creation to Castiel and the angel felt resigned to indulge him when he saw Dean excitedly gesturing to each new item, clearly proud of what he had accomplished. Hyped up on all this adrenaline from getting sucked into his favourite childhood cartoon, Dean failed to notice his best friend sticking unreasonably close to his back as he followed Dean around the room.
“Stay with me tonight.”
—but Cas doesn’t need him to and Dean doesn’t plan on keeping him waiting that much longer anyway. This moment was enough.
“I love you. I love all of you,” Cas had said, creating a clear distinction between the two, purposefully or otherwise. Was that why Mary was acting so cagey? Did she think that first I love you was meant for Dean specifically? Did Dean think that too?
. Dean still rolled his eyes, reactionary and lighthearted, and Kaia giggled, throwing him a thumbs up as Dean cut back through the room and climbed the stairs, trying to make as stealthy as an exit as possible. He had the last minute good sense to grab his coat off the rack and tug it on before heading outside.
This moment was theirs. After everything they had been through, they had earned it.
“Yes you are!” Dean reached out and tapped one of the black pom poms at the end of her antennas. “And you look bee-utiful.” Their daughter giggled happily and squirmed out of his arms when Dean started poking her in the stomach to get a reaction. Cas had been lingering in the background watching the interaction unfold but stepped forward when their little bee started to run around the room buzzing to entertain herself. Dean stood up and met him halfway with a kiss on the cheek. “The costume looks great, babe.”
The loud
Reading the sly look in the arch of Castiel’s brow as plans to torment him, Dean affectionately rubbed their noses together and half-heartedly pleaded with him, “Go easy on me.”
“You seen Cas?” It wasn’t Dean’s most graceful pivot in conversation but hey, at least he managed to keep the eagerness in his voice down to a minimum.
Cas must have been impatient enough not to want to take Dean to bed, and that was just fine with the hunter. He didn’t think he could wait for that either. Dean reached over to the shower rack and grabbed the travel size bottle of lube hidden behind the conditioner, because yeah, Cas had the right idea and Dean was already sporting a semi from their kiss. He could have this.
Castiel's voice continued to rise in volume the more upset he became and Dean resented the impulse to yell his reasoning back in the angel's face. He didn't want to fight about this anymore. Why did he have to keep defending himself? Why didn't Cas get it?
"...Didn't mean it," Dean mumbled into the trench coat after a moment of tense silence washed over them. "Wasn't your fault."
the sensation of the angel swallowing around him, but fuck all if Cas didn't look sexy as hell like this — those commanding blue eyes always locked on Dean's, demanding all of Dean's focus to be on him and what he was doing.
Dean was an absolute wreck, rocking back onto the fingers inside him, trying to catch that shock of pleasure every time the pads of Castiel's fingers would brush over his prostate. Once Castiel found it, he pushed down and rubbed on it, hard and relentless as the sounds of Dean desperately moaning and begging swirled around them.
Castiel wrapped his large, warm hand around the length of Dean's cock and swirled his tongue around the head making Dean shiver. "You know, when I came up with the Dean Cave, this isn't exactly how I imagined I'd be using it. Not that I'm complaining." Castiel dipped his tongue into the sensitive slit and shortly exhaled through his nose when Dean cursed and had to readjust his seating position, sliding further down into the cushion.
The second Dean laid eyes on his little girl his face completely lit up with unadulterated joy. No matter how many years they had been married, Castiel would never stop swooning over the way Dean was a complete goner for their little princess. “Wow! Look at you!” Dean exclaimed while kneeling down on the floor to be level with his daughter as she ran straight into his waiting arms.
Of course it would take having his best friend murdered right in front of him for Dean Winchester to finally admit what everyone else already seemed to know. He knew it too, deep down, and he fought tooth and nail to ignore it because
interested.
Dean thought. If he was living on borrowed time anyway he might as well make it count.
The angel did have an idea of how he wanted to finish this, which is why he leaned over Dean's back and growled into his ear, "Are you close?"
Once Dean was finished he was pleasantly surprised to find that Cas wanted to return the favour. And so Dean took his turn being pampered, Cas following the same pattern as Dean taking great care in washing his body and massaging the underlining tension out of his muscles before washing his hair. Dean’s eyes naturally slipped closed, and he realized this is what falling in love felt like. Ah, who was he kidding? That ship sailed a long time ago. Taking care of each other in such a tender manner—it was unlike anything Dean had ever experienced before. This...
While Castiel had been enthusiastic about going the extra mile and coordinating with his daughter’s costume by wearing a ridiculous floral pattern button up shirt, Dean had gotten away with a simple grey T-shirt with the words ‘
“I love you, Cas. I want you to know that. I
“I love you.”
With no Chuck controlling them anymore and Heaven and Hell kept locked up under new management, they could finally let themselves have this without feeling like the world was ending around them every five minutes. It was so much more than Dean ever thought he could deserve.
Tears stung at the corners of Dean's eyes. "I want to stop fucking shaking."
“Your story only reaffirms what I’ve believed to be true all along.” Castiel let his eyes slip closed for a moment, savoring the heat of Dean's body wrapped around his own, compliant, trusting, only for him, before leaning back and studying the hunter's face, green eyes wet and glassy staring back at him.
Dean scrunched up his nose, the idea of getting all emotionally naked for such a long period of time making him feel uncomfortable, worrying how Cas might react to the awful imagery of the ex-angel’s most recent demise swirling around in his subconscious. "Not really," Dean mumbled defiantly, trying and failing to ignore that little voice in his head telling him to
at going all out during this holiday season, handled everything that was thrown at him in stride.
Castiel hooked his arms underneath Dean’s and held onto his shoulders, lining up their bodies perfectly chest to back, without an inch of space between them. True to his word the angel rocked into him slow and steady, ever so often adjusting his hips searching for Dean’s sweet spot. When Dean suddenly gasped and tightened around him, Castiel focused all his attention on creating long, agonizing drags against Dean’s prostate, making the hunter’s toes curl and back arch to take him deeper.
Cas turns his head, earnest in his delight at Dean’s presence, evident from the crinkles around his eyes as he smiles at him. “Hello, Dean.”
The hunter licked his lips and nodded, a blush creeping its way up his neck and pinking his ears. That suited Dean just fine. He wanted the angel slow, fast, hard, soft and anything in between. It had been awhile since Dean let himself feel wanted, so if Cas was game Dean would agree to just about anything. Pleased by Dean’s eagerness, Castiel slowly removed his fingers, making Dean’s now fully erect cock twitch with anticipation of what he knew was coming next.
After everything that had happened in the last few hours, Dean needed to take a breather. Mostly due to the fact that he still couldn't actually
this all happened, but he was itching to get back to the one thing that still made sense to him; back to the one person who somehow made it
Dean's mouth twisted into a grimace as he forced himself to look away. He seemed physically pained by the angel's words. "Jesus, Cas. Don't say that shit to me right now."
It wasn't often — never, let's be honest — that Dean found a partner willing to put aside their own carnal desires and take the time to take care of him instead. Sure, Cas was different because he was an angel. Patience and self control was a virtue to him, but Dean was still oddly touched that Castiel was willing to make the effort of figuring him out at all. It shouldn't be a surprise that Cas was curious about Dean's body and what got his blood flowing.
And that was the moment, maybe stupidly, Dean realized that Cas had been waiting for him to catch up, waiting this whole damn time—would probably wait for Dean
Dean heard Castiel exhale quietly through his nose beside him, and Cas may have taken pity on him because when he spoke again, his voice sounded lighter. "I feel it necessary to vocalize that it has never been my intention to do so. Death just seems to follow me no matter where I go."
Cas looks at him then, cheeks pink from the cold, eyes bluer than the rare privileges Dean has had from seeing them up this close in the past. “I’m very happy,” Cas tells him quietly, the volume in his voice in no way undermining the headiness of his confession.
grade while breaking off into pairs during a game of hide-and-seek. Dean spent the rest of recess telling his friends how weird the boy was and to stay away from him unless they wanted to catch his gay cooties. When Dean caught the boy crying in a bathroom stall later that day he only felt a little guilty about it.
Castiel levelled him with a mirthful look. “I said we didn’t I?”
“Happy Halloween,” he said.
While on their shopping spree Dean came across an all-year-round Christmas store that offered customizable ornaments, and Dean bought one for each of them with all their names carefully painted on.
And suddenly Castiel was closing the distance between them. Dean found himself wrapped up in a tight hug. His arms hung loosely by his sides while Castiel's left hand pressed firmly into his back and the right cupped the back of his neck, gently stroking his fingers through the short hairs residing there. After a quick glance around purely out of habit, Dean gave into the comforting embrace and dropped his forehead onto the angel's shoulder. He felt too drained to do anything more.
Dean felt bile rise up in his throat and fought to keep it down by swallowing. "You're
“Well, we better get to practicing, then. You know, just so we get it right the first time with the real deal.”
“You’re incorrigible.”
after all the crazy stuff that happened today, honestly he was just looking forward to hitting the hay, but Castiel was saying all these pretty things to him now and walking away really wasn't an option anymore. “Sam thinks it’s stupid.” Dean replied, hyper aware of Castiel’s fingers easily loosening the knot Dean had tied haphazardly earlier on. The fabric slid across the back of Dean’s neck as Castiel slowly pulled it off, his movements clearly deliberate and easily succeeding in riling Dean up the way he suspected the angel was trying to do.
It didn’t take long for Dean’s moans to grow in volume as the pressure continued to build and build until he was openly panting with his cheek pressed against the wall. The pace Castiel set was at a deliciously torturous speed but Dean was starting to get desperate, needing something more to push him over the edge.
it. Which he didn’t, obviously. That was his story and he was sticking to it.
Dean didn’t outright suggest Cas join him, figuring leading him here was already a heavily implied invitation, and Dean was damn near giddy when the corner of Castiel’s mouth lifted into a pleased smile. “You get a head start,” Cas told him still smiling, “I’ll be right back.”
The tone may have changed, but there was still a level of seriousness in each of Castiel's words – an unspoken truth that Dean was smart enough to allow himself to hear.
Dean knew the damage between them couldn't be so easily mended this time. He said some really awful things to Cas in the heat of the moment, things he could never fully take back no matter how hard he tried. Dean wasn’t sure where they stood; if Cas still wanted him in the same way. Sure, Cas heard his prayer, but that didn’t mean he was ready to forgive Dean yet, or even willing. That’s why the hunter took it as a good sign when he heard the bathroom door open and close again as footsteps echoed off the tiled floor. Cas came back. He
John didn’t speak to him for a week afterwards. Dean told Sam it wasn’t a big deal, his eye didn’t hurt that much. That was Dean’s last sleepover. That was also the last time he saw Matt.
A few moments passed before Castiel asked, "Is there anything I can do?" voice low, unwavering because of
Dean melts a little where he stands, lets their arms press into each other, shoulder to shoulder. “I’m glad,” Dean admits just as quietly, swallows past the lump in his throat and gains a bit more confidence as he adds, “Happiness—it’s a good look on you.”
The hunter collapsed to his knees, his stomach churning violently as he cupped his hands in the gently moving rapids and swallowed three large gulps of water. He was miraculously able to keep the contents of his stomach inside of his body, but every other part of him was completely fried.
“To have this? Absolutely.”
this. After returning to the bunker from their adventure with the Scooby Gang, Dean offered to give Castiel a proper tour of his Dean Cave, to which Sam rolled his eyes and said he was calling it a night, offering Cas a smile of solidarity and pat on the shoulder before settling into his room for the night.
The corner of Dean's mouth ticked into a barely-there smile. "You're preaching to the choir, buddy."
This felt like forever.
Dean knew he had a lot to make up for. He was willing to spend the rest of his life telling Cas how sorry he was if it meant the angel could trust him again. Trust what they have together means something, despite Chuck trying to poison Dean’s mind into thinking otherwise. A not so secret part of Dean was relieved that Chuck had stopped their plan. As long as Cas didn’t have the Mark, as long as he didn’t have to sacrifice himself
Dean didn’t know if he would ever be able to forget what happened. But right now, lying in bed with the person he loved –
, of all things. Cas would probably let him, but that wasn't the point. Dean could begrudgingly admit as the seconds ticked by and he tried to regain his composure that the lines were starting to blur, and maybe he wasn't so sure what the actual point
"Dean, look at me." Castiel didn't give Dean much of a choice when two large hands cupped Dean's cheeks and brought him back up to eye level. "You once told me that we're better together. And I choose to believe in that. That's why I have faith we are going to make it through this. All of us. You, me, Sam, Mary, and Jack. We're all together now. I know we can do this."
Dean nodded, glanced up at the door, shuffled his feet and said, “Thanks,” before turning towards the staircase. It was time. This was really about to happen. Were his palms sweating?
"Don't–" Dean cut him off sharply, voice cracking on that one word, his harsh tone breaking through the quiet tranquility of the moment, a complete contrast to the peaceful silence of their room bathed in blackness.
“I’m not gay,” Dean says out of habit even as he’s willingly spun around and pressed into the cold rough bricks of some back alley wall by the man he had been making eyes at all night who was slightly shorter than him with dark brown hair and pale blue eyes. So Dean’s got a type now—so what? Any resemblance to Cas was purely coincidence, Dean assures himself.
and Castiel wasn't even surprised when his vision started to blur and his knuckles turned white from the effort to hold the phone still.
And Cas, well—how could Dean
Castiel shifted his feet on the crumbling pavement below, looked around the dingy ally he had stumbled into, as if anything else could be more important than what was happening right now. It was only to distract him from the stillness of the moment, the weight of it all.
Kisses were pressed into his shoulders and at the base of his neck as Dean reached down and started stroking himself with quick tugs of his hand. Dean could hear Castiel coming unhinged behind him, breathing heavier with the strain of trying to hold back. He wanted to take Dean thoroughly apart, piece by piece. He wanted Dean to remember.
Bright, twinkling lights of all different colours created a steady florescent glow, bringing the tree to life and casting colourful shadows on the twisting rows of garland twirled upwards around the tree; they were silver this time. They had to go out and buy all of the bulbs currently adorning each branch, some big, some small, some with glitter, some shaped like reindeer, elves, and Santa’s sleigh.
The angel took in the sight of his human sprawled out on the hood of his beloved Impala, spreading his legs and pushing back, presenting himself to Castiel. "Beautiful." The word slipped past the angel's lips for no one but himself, but Dean reacted to it splendidly, letting out an impatient sigh through his nose and spreading his legs as far as he could while still trapped by his pants.
Vibrant blue eyes gazed up at him as if making sure Dean was paying attention. Dean was fucking entranced as he watched his own dick be sucked down by Castiel's talented mouth, taking him in inch by inch until Dean could swear he felt the smooth wall of skin at the back of Castiel's throat.
“Is… is it really you?” Dean sounded
after Dean had been staring up at the top of the tree for several seconds with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes during the pre-decorating stages, as if Cas could sense what he was thinking, Dean thought better of it and stowed the idea away for another year when Cas developed a sense of humour. The bulb was a compromise, really.
When Dean finally found the courage to look at him, Castiel was already feeling warm and anticipating his next words.
"Sam," Castiel let out an almost inaudible sigh—finally he could get some real interaction. "It's me. It’s Castiel. I'm… back."
There was a brief moment of silence, then, a little hesitant Cas whispered, "Was it another nightmare?"
“Let’s take a drive. Get a look at those lights of yours up close.”
The angel had no idea how long he had been...
Before Cas could steal another kiss their daughter came buzzing between their legs and Dean’s reflexes managed to reach out and scoop her up before she was able to run off again. She squealed in delight as Dean playfully spun her around in a circle with the motion before stopping and allowing Cas to readjust her costume. “What do you say we get this little bumble bee out there to get some candy, huh?” Cas asked, holding back a knowing smile at the way his daughter began to bounce up and down in her Daddy’s arms.
He was fairly certain that being confined in a small crowded room would only aggravate his growing anxieties. Just the thought of it set a feeling of unease low in Castiel's gut.
Somewhere between making his rounds catching up with Garth and his family, joking with Jody and Donna, and meeting Charlie’s new girlfriend, Dean lost sight of him. Sam was busy introducing Eileen to another family of hunters so there was no help there in finding the missing party-goer.
and fuck it Dean couldn’t resist that – didn’t even want to.
He didn't want to push this uncharted territory by being
Dean once again moved Cas back and rinsed his hair out, taking a moment of selfish indulgence to watch as the suds slowly washed down his lean back, over the curve of his ass and down around his thighs. It was hard for Dean not to make this into something else when Cas looked so damn irresistible; the urge to drop to his knees and suck the angel off certainly an appealing thought right about now. But
Dean woke up in a cold sweat, his pulse racing and eyes stinging as the horrible nightmare replayed over and over again in his mind. He swallowed a few shallow breaths before blindly reaching out a hand to the space beside him. Warmth flooded through his fingers tips when they made contact with another body – a shoulder it felt like – and Dean was finally able to calm down, gently tracing the curve of solid muscle down to a strong, slender wrist.
Sam and Dean were coming to get him. He was almost
Cas seemed pleased to go along with whatever Dean had in mind and Dean really wanted to make it special for him, memorable; he was going to tell Cas how he felt.
"How could you not
Dean lets out a low whistle, says, “Okay. One point you,” hearing Cas hum softly in agreement next to him.
Castiel wasn’t sure if he’d ever truly understand how this all happened or
The three of them sat in the kitchen talking and drinking on and off for an hour while Sam explained what Chuck showed him. Dean noticed Castiel’s shoulders tense up every now and then when Sam shared a particularly upsetting ending to their story, most noticeable when Claire died or the Winchesters became monsters themselves and turned on their friends. Dean was all too aware that most of Chuck’s “big finishes” left Castiel either dead or crazy and locked in a box.
That night Dean has nightmares about blinding white lights and black burnt out wings scorched into the earth. The nightmares haunt him every night after until Castiel finally returns to him.
Dean nodded once and watched him go before he went about grabbing towels and setting the water to an appropriate temperature. Dean stripped out of his clothes and stepped into the open shower, sighing contently as the hot spray rained down over him. Dean closed his eyes and let the water run down his face, internally battling with himself to not let his mind wander. He wanted to enjoy this moment of peace before his heart was inevitably cracked open again by those damn baby blue eyes his angel knew how to use so well.
it was Dean's voice and that meant he was
Dean’s so-called “plan” was actually more about the ending result than the choices he made leading up to it; he was just going to wing that part. Sure, maybe the thought of hanging mistletoe around the bunker had crossed Dean’s mind once or twice (six times) throughout the day, but in the end he decided against it, didn’t want their first kiss to feel like an obligation just in case Dean had read this wrong...
“I’m not gay,” Dean told Rhonda Hurley with a blush on his face the night she had encouraged Dean to try on a pair of her red, lace panties and Dean discovered that he kinda liked the way the panties pulled tight and rubbed soft against his quickly stiffening dick. Rhonda said the panties made him look pretty and Dean felt inclined to believe her.
Dean felt vulnerable and exposed and it was so fucking
Dean doesn’t let himself ponder too long on what all ‘this’ could entail. That sort of wishful thinking might just do him in before the night was even through. “What about you?” Dean tries shifting the attention back onto something a little less stupefying, but just as significant in importance to Dean. “Does celebrating your first Christmas live up to all the hype?”
Staying like this was dangerous Dean told himself, and with that in mind he kissed Castiel briefly on the lips once more before turning around with the intention of shutting off the water. But before he could reach the handle Castiel’s large, warm hands slid around to his back and pressed him against the shower wall chest first. Cas pushed up against him from behind and Dean couldn’t stop the muffled pleased noise from escaping his lips when the firm line of the angel’s cock rocked over the swell of Dean’s ass. It was nice to know Dean wasn’t the only one getting hot and bothered. If that didn’t qualify as the green light Dean was waiting for then nothing would.
It felt so good to see things
that's something he would agonize over. Cas not
Walking into the bunker and seeing all the Winchesters in tears had been a shock to Castiel's system. What could have possibly happened in between the short time he was out on a hunt and the last time he saw them that could have left them all so broken? Castiel didn't get the full story until much later. Sam and Mary were both emotionally drained and decided Cas didn't need all three of them to tell their story, so they entrusted the task to Dean and headed off to bed, whispering how much they loved each other before parting ways.
"Cas..?"
Castiel could make out another muffled voice in the background that clearly belonged to Sam, and he found himself smiling then, unable and unwilling to hide his elation at hearing the rest of his found family's voice.
“I’m a bumble bee!” she announced to him proudly, sporting a rosy smile filled with childlike excitement.
Several months later when Dean finds himself at another bar hitting on another beautiful woman, he’s the one to suggest on a whim bringing along a man to join in on their fun. Dean insists it’s for her pleasure alone, and when that doesn't work he tries the angle of being curious about exploring the voyeurism kink The woman doesn’t buy it. Dean sleeps alone that night, angry and humiliated by his own behavior, vowing never to ask another woman again.
Although he was pretty sure he hadn’t with the way Sam and Claire kept giving him encouraging glances all night from across the room. Apparently they were reading something on Dean’s face that wasn’t at all subtle about what he was hoping for tonight. Dean tried not to feel self-conscious about that.
A pulse. Dean sighed in relief.
“I’m not gay,” Dean says defensively when one of the scantily clad servers at the brothel hears Dean’s plan to help his awkward, dark haired, trench coat wearing friend lose his virginity and she only jokingly asks why Dean doesn’t just help the guy out himself. Somehow Dean’s relieved when the two of them run out of there before anything can happen.
“I’m not gay,” Dean growled as he shoved his teasing friends aside who were pointing at the bottle on the ground and laughed cruelly at him for storming off and abandoning the game. 15 year olds could be such assholes sometimes.
now like everyone else.
There was more movement beside him, Dean felt Cas leaning in again just to be closer, his gentle breath fanning over his arm, tickling his skin. It still got to him, Cas actually having to
“I do,” Castiel said, and he once again pulled Dean into his space, felt the need to repeat himself. Just because. "I do."
And that was… yeah. That was something else. He didn’t have to, though, and that was kind of the whole point. Licking his bottom lip out of nervous habit, Dean finally manages to say out loud what he should have said months ago—
. "So you're telling me if I had pushed it and gone after him, you wouldn't have dragged my ass out of there by force?"
Dean was dragging his feet by the time he made it into his bedroom. He was exhausted, mentally and emotionally drained. It took everything in him not to collapse face first onto his bed, boots, jacket and all, and settle in for a night of restless slumber plagued by images of a murderous archangel hammering away at the mental block he had constructed in his mind.
wasn’t
It had only been a couple weeks since Cas had been resurrected as a human by Jack, aka the spawn of Satan. It wasn't an easy road, but Dean did everything he could to make sure Cas was comfortable in his own human skin. The angel's first time as a human had been a bust, but this time they were in it together. This time, Dean asked Cas to stay.
For the first time in a very long time Dean felt he was ready to do that, comfortable with his resolve in a way he never expected to be, never thought he deserved. It took months of internal struggles and the opportunity of having the time for that kind of major reflection for Dean to finally begin chipping away at the walls guarding his surprisingly fragile heart, figuring out what his not so tiny crush on his best friend meant for Dean as a person, mulling over all possible outcomes.
Bad idea, Winchester. No more trying to get the angel laid.
. But what other appropriate response was there to having been given a second chance to say all the words left unsaid? All the feelings left buried inside Dean’s aching heart that had been yearning to be set free ever since Cas’s confession.
Dean passed the bottle back and spread his legs as the cap popped open and a slick finger eased its way into his tight hole. Castiel took his time opening Dean up with deep, practised twists of his finger, eventually slipping in a second and then a third when Dean started to rock back on his hand. Castiel extended his chin over Dean’s shoulder and whispered into his ear in a low, tantalizing voice. “I want you slow.”
“I’m not gay,” Dean pleaded with tears in his eyes as his cheek throbbed and his intoxicated father loomed over him after finding out Dean had snuck a friend into his room to spend the night and sleep in the same bed as him. Dean didn’t mean anything by it. He just didn’t want Mathew to have to sleep on the floor.
When Cas leans in close, nuzzling and nipping at the sensitive skin behind Dean’s ear, he repeats his confession once again.
The combined intimacy and intensity of Castiel’s words hits Dean like a bolt of lightening leaving his body zinging through a hot tidal wave of emotion. Dean’s cock is already leaking precome onto his belly and he can feel the telltale signs of his fast approaching orgasm. It’s all going to end far too quickly for Dean’s liking, but then he reminds himself that nothing was really going to end between them now. This was their new beginning.
with Cas, there Michael was screaming at him, telling him all the horrible ways he was going to rip Cas apart when — not if —
on either side and did a little spin to show off to his now smirking husband. “How do I look?”
"It's very... you."
And yet... Dean felt like he won.
"Cas. Please," Dean mewled, needing to get something inside of him. His cock throbbed as precome dripped from the tip and drizzled down to the cement floor. The angel huffed a laugh into his skin and the muscles in Dean's legs jumped in response. Castiel loved it when Dean got whiny for him.
thrown in at the end.
He wearily told Cas about finding the pearl, got choked up when he explained how it felt to see his father again, and finally Dean described meeting a different version of the angel, a Castiel that had never met the Winchesters. And apparently that Castiel was also responsible for the bruising on Dean's face and the cut on his lip. When all was said and done it was a lot for Castiel to take in.
. After all this time maybe they’d earned that. Hell, Dean would even go as far to say they deserved it. Labels were something Dean always tried to avoid, especially where Cas was concerned. Once it was out there, what he actually wanted, Dean could never take it back. His words forever set in stone. He didn’t want to screw that up. Not now, not ever.
It shouldn't have, really. Dean had witnessed the death of his best friend over and over again and it never got easier. Only got worse, in fact. Because each time he came back the time they spent in between meant
Cas can tell when Dean’s getting close from the way his muscles clench around him and breathy sweet nothings start pouring out of the hunter’s kiss swollen lips. When Cas shifts his knees between Dean’s legs he finds the perfect angle to start pummelling against Dean’s prostate. More tears spring to the hunter’s eyes as Dean crashes over the edge with one hand on his dick and a shout of Cas’s name.
Kaia, seemingly unfazed, grinned right back at him. “Even better when I get another glass of that eggnog into me.” She tipped the now empty cup in her hand back and forth suggestively, bringing an automatic smirk to Dean’s lips. He would totally feel smug about that if, you know, he actually had anything to
“I’m not gay,” Dean tells Sam, unprompted, over a cup of coffee the next morning in the kitchen. His brother gives him a strange look but doesn’t say anything as he waits for Dean to elaborate. Still smelling of Cas from the night before and daydreaming about getting back to the former angel of the lord currently sound asleep in his bed, Dean smiles and repeats, “I’m not gay,” his grin only widening. “I’m bi. And I’m in love with Cas.”
It was a little after midnight when Sam finally went to his room. Dean was still worried about his mental state, didn’t want him to go off on his own and brood while feeling so hopeless, but in the end Dean had to let him go for both their sakes. If Sam wanted to be alone to process everything that happened then Dean would let him. He deserved a break. They all did. Tomorrow was a new day. Besides, Dean had some unfinished business of his own to take care of. Business that was currently staring at him waiting for some form of guidance to their next move.
Dean swung the door closed behind him without looking, already in the process of peeling off his jacket and the next outer layer of clothing clinging to his body. He wasn't all that surprised when he heard the distinct 'thud' of a hand blocking the door from shutting all the way. Cas had followed him in, it was something they had been doing routinely for months now, sharing a bed, waking up next to each other. Not so much as of late, though. Not since Michael hitched a ride.
“I’m sorry...” Castiel said, because what else was he supposed to say? There was no string of carefully constructed words that could make this whole situation less traumatic for Dean, no real comfort he could offer through physical contact or heartfelt platitudes starting and ending with 'you did the right thing'.
Losing Cas had been a shock.
Cas waited in Dean's bedroom until the hunter came shuffling in, dragging his feet and scrubbing a towel through his hair. His physical appearance looked a little better, but there was still a deep sadness in his eyes that only became truly apparent when Dean finally met his gaze from across the room.
Dean’s request was met with a look of bemusement. “Where are we going?” Cas asked, not an outright refusal, just seeking further information. Dean’s heart did a pathetic little jump in his chest. Dean guessed that was another thing he was going to have to get used to, didn’t see that feeling leaving him anytime soon now that they were—
Dean wasn't exactly sure if that was a compliment or not, but when he felt the weight of Castiel's hand slowly sliding up his right arm, he decided it really wasn't all that important. Cas's hand drifted all the way up to Dean's neck and he delicately traced his fingers over the ascot, sliding the fabric gingerly between his thumb and forefinger finger.
The angel's thrusts were sharp and precise, with one of Castiel's hands gripping Dean's hip and the other clamped over his shoulder, Castiel could slam Dean back on his cock, meeting him thrust for thrust. Dean didn't have the best of grips from this position, it was all he could do to not go sliding up the hood of the car. When Castiel switched up the angle, slamming into him deep, Dean cried out and Castiel knew he had found his sweet spot.
"I like it," Castiel replied without missing a beat.
But then Cas leaned in all soft and comfortable in his stupid knitted sweater and took a whiff, telling Dean how incredible it smelled, and Dean suddenly didn’t care so much about the slightly bitter taste of the crust, cared more about turning his face to hide the heat rising in his cheeks as he muttered a bashful “thank you” to the floor.
Sam was here. Cas was here. They were okay, mostly. As long as Dean had them both there was a chance. For now, that was enough.
Because
Already he felt a little less out of place, a little less lonely. And that feeling of belonging only intensified when Castiel finally got up the nerve to make the call. The call he had been anticipating and simultaneously dreading since he awoke in that field. The call that would make all of this
Castiel‘s voice was as deep and sultry as ever, it washed over Dean’s body like a warm familiar blanket, relaxing his muscles and easing his psyche. “That’s because unlike Sam, I can see the potential in it. How it could be beneficial to both of us.”
was a viscous and unrelenting reminder of one of the things Dean hated most about himself. He built up resentment towards the angel because the alternative meant proving what Dean feared most. That he was a coward in the worst possible way, blaming others when he couldn’t cope, and worst of all that he didn’t deserve to be loved by someone who had always loved him so
The questioning inflection in Dean's voice broke Castiel's resolve. The two of them moved at the same time, arms wrapping around the other, holding each other tight. Dean nuzzled his face into the junction between Castiel's neck and collar bone, fingers digging into the trench coat at the angel's back. He lifted his chin a little so he could speak without sounding muffled.
"Dean?" Cas' voice was a little louder now and far more concerned than it had been a few moments ago. Frustrated with his lack of control, Dean mumbled apologetically against his own shoulder. "Sorry Cas... Didn't mean to wake ya."
The ex-hunter stopped short, turned back halfway to meet Claire‘s eyes. “You have my blessing,” she said. Her lips twitched in a teasing manner, but there was also an element of sincerity to her words, like she was telling Dean she trusted him not to screw this up, trusted him to treat Cas
Cas liked it. So did Jack.
As Castiel wrapped his plump lips around the flushed head of Dean's cock, the hunter had to question how exactly they ended up in this position — Dean, sitting on one of those crappy plaid recliners with his thighs spread wide apart — the angel kneeling on the ground tucked between them with the hunter's half hard dick in his mouth.
Right now, Cas looked ready to let Dean have it. Maybe because this wasn't just another argument. This was about Sam, someone they both loved. And Dean was essentially blaming Castiel for his death. Or at the very least for dragging him away. The angel couldn't afford to carry that guilt on his shoulders. That kind of weight had the potential to drown him completely in a bottomless sea of failures that kept choking him no matter how hard he gasped for air. Self-preservation was all he had left.
With narrowed eyes, Charlie scoffed. "You literally had Dean whispering in your ear two minutes ago telling you where to move your piece, Cas. That's cheating, is it not?"
, Cas," Dean hissed, his head dropping to Cas' shoulder. He hadn't necessarily expected anything in return, but he wasn't complaining at all. He knew it wouldn't take him long, his hips thrusting in time with his hand stroking Cas, both of them moaning and panting, falling apart together, unraveling each other. Dean was a mess already, after only a few strokes of Cas' strong, hot fingers on his dick. Cas may have been inexperienced at sex with other people, but this was something he was damn good at. Dean's hips stuttered into Cas' fist, that familiar sensation growing hot in his gut. All it took was him sitting up to look at Cas, their eyes meeting, Cas' lips parted and moaning Dean's name. Suddenly Dean was spilling into Cas' hand, and seconds later, Cas followed, coming with Dean's name still on his lips. They stroked each other lazily for a little longer, until they were both hissing at the sensitive sensation.
A look of realization passed over Cas' features before his face turned a similar shade of red as Dean's. "Isn't Sam still here?" Cas wondered, not shooting down the idea.
"Birthdays are hard to remember during an apocalypse,
They didn’t make it far before John stopped them, appearing out of nowhere since Dean clearly didn’t see him coming. He clamped a hand tight over Dean’s bad shoulder, squeezing hard enough to make him wince. He’d had plenty of time to heal, but with all he put his arm through, it was still sore. “Dad,” Dean grunted out, trying to ignore the worried look on Sam’s face as he turned to face John.
Dean laughed bitterly, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. “Oh, we’re majorly fucked.”
“Excuse me?” John demanded, shoving his finger into Dean’s chest as he started to argue.
“Thank you so much, Dean,” Jack gushed, his eyes wide as he stared at his soup in front of him.
"Alright, fine," Dean gave in, stretching his legs as best as he could in the cramped back seat. "We should stop soon. It's getting late," he said, forgetting the subject of their horrible childhood stories. Sam didn't seem too upset about the subject change either, relaxing more into the seat as he drove into a little neighborhood that reminded Dean a lot of his childhood home. The houses were small and despite the damage to some of them, they looked just as cozy as the one he lived in when Sam was still a baby and their mom was alive. He felt a tug in his chest, thinking about it. "This little town looks promising. Find a house, we'll set everything up, and settle in for the night." He felt his stomach grumbling after he said it, all the more reason to find a place to stay. He was sure everyone else was getting hungry too.
Cas pressed a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips, pulling away before Dean could get too carried away. “I’d love that,” he answered, smiling softly as Dean stepped back to look at him. “I’m finished here, so we can leave whenever you’re ready.”
Claire laughed sadly, catching more tears as they streaked her red cheeks. "I hope so, because I don't think I can live without her," she cried, shaking her head softly. "God, I feel so stupid. I don't usually cry like this," she mumbled, rubbing at her eyes furiously.
(See the end of the chapter for
," she teased, making the heat creep up Dean's neck once again.
Dean couldn't look away from Cas, even as the angel kept his eyes ahead of him. He wanted to ask questions, but he knew Cas had more to say, so he kept his mouth shut and kept listening. Cas drew in a deep breath, letting it out slowly before continuing.
"I have to go back," Dean argued, gritting his teeth to keep himself from crying out in pain. He had to convince Cas to let him go because he needed to go back to the place he found Kaia. He had to find the guy in the suit.
Sam looked startled by the question, but he quickly relaxed and stood up straight, clearing his throat. “Sam,” he answered, shoving his hands in his pockets to match Crowley’s stance. “Dean told me everything about the deal and our dad. We want to know what you were just talking about with him.”
Dean sighed, running a hand over his face as he tried to wrap his head around why Cas would be asleep on the floor in the living room, instead of in his nice warm bed. "Dude, what are you doing in here?" he asked after racking his brain for a few long moments and coming up with nothing plausible. "You have a freaking bed."
“I’m fine,” Dean snapped, pushing himself away from the table. “I’ll be in my room if you need me.” He didn’t wait for Sam to push him anymore, because if he let him, he might get to the bottom of Dean’s feelings, which he didn’t ever want to address. He cleared the table, washed up the dishes, and then shut himself in his room.
Dean smiled reassuringly. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine. Just get home,” he replied, messing up the kids hair as he sent Jack off towards the house. As he left, Dean turned back around to finish his task he came here for, which was finding Sammy. He went into the kitchen, ignoring the weird stares he was getting from the workers. Eventually, he spotted Sam near the exit opposite of the one Dean came in, leaning against the wall talking to the same girl as last time, Eileen. Dean hated to break up their conversation, especially because Sam looked incredibly happy, but this was important.
Dean watched her carefully, deciphering the range of emotions that washed over Kaia's face before she looked up at him. "She told you about us?" she asked, looking a little worried. Dean nodded, offering a small smile to reassure her. "But why would she-" Kaia started to ask, but she didn't get to finish her sentence, interrupted by someone bursting through the front door. Kaia looked towards the entrance, startled by the sudden intrusion.
“If you were to make a deal with me,” Crowley answered, “then I could guarantee it.”
For a long time, Dean stayed pressed up against the tree, letting his heart rate settle back to normal. He rested his forehead against the rough bark, watching the blood steadily drip from his fingers down to the dead grass at his feet. The longer he stood there, the darker it got, but he couldn’t find it in himself to move. He was afraid to go home, to face his brother and Cas and tell them what he did to himself all because he couldn’t stand up to his father. He was ashamed that the only way he found comfort was in hurting himself this way, pretending it was something else. He hadn’t felt this broken in a long time- not since the year he spent away from Sam and Bobby at seventeen.
“Cas, meet Jack.”
“No, Sammy. I don’t want to hold him” said Dean roughly.
an easy kid.
Jack looked at him with those big blue eyes. Eyes just like Cas’s.
“He saved me, you know. So many freaking times. He even gave up Heaven and his army for us, for me. I don’t think I deserved it, all the faith he had in me. I couldn’t even save him when he was taken from me. I failed him.
Dean looked at Sam. He really looked like he needed some rest from the baby duties. He looked at Jack. Dean sighed.
“He looks so much like you. He has your eyes, you know” said Dean softly.
Cas stared at him with tears in his eyes. “Dean …” said Cas softly.
“Dean” breathed Cas, quiet but raw with emotion, eyes wide in shock. The constant longing he had sensed from Dean growing over the years made so much sense now.
“Hello, Dean”
“I love you, too, Dean”
They all sat around the kitchen table, exchanging stories. Jack instantly liked Cas, he jumped to Cas from Dean’s arms. Dean was looking at them with so much love. Dean took Cas’s hand and placed a kiss on his knuckles. Sam caught his expression and Dean blushed, shrugging and getting up to make some breakfast.
“I miss him, Jack. I miss him so much. I … I love him. I love him so much it hurts. I don’t think I will be able survive without him. I regret not telling him how I felt, how I feel. I wish I could get him back, I wish I could say all this to him. But, it’s too late now.”
“Dean, it’s me. I am outside. Can you let me in?”
All was well. This is heaven on earth.
“Cas, Can I kiss you?”
Dean could see a flicker of shock in Cas’s eyes now.
Sam was looking at Jack with a soft smile and said “He is doing great, Dean. He is a really quiet kid, not troublesome at all.”
“Wow, that was awesome” said Dean breathlessly. That was when he noticed something else embracing him, something soft. He turned and saw Cas’s wings was also wrapped around him.
“Cas, I, uh, I need to tell you something.”
Finally, after a long silence, “Dean. Can you look after him today? I have been cooped up inside, doing baby stuff for weeks. I feel like I need a day or two out in the sun, get some fresh air, maybe go watch a movie at the theater next town. There is a new French documentary I want to watch.”
But now it's too late. Cas is dead. Everytime he closed his eyes he could see the blinding flash of light, Cas's grace leaving his vessel.
Dean’s heart raced as he looked at the caller ID. It was Cas. How was that possible?
“Come on, wake up. I made you breakfast.”
He picked him up from his crib and sat on the rocking chair near the window.
“Cas?”
“Cas?”
He could see the worry on Sam’s face but he couldn’t face it, talk about it.
Dean moved the breakfast tray closer to Cas’s nose to try to wake him up. Cas slowly opened his eyes and peeked at the breakfast.
“Cas”
Cas looked at Jack with a face full of love and adoration. Dean’s heart swelled with love looking at Cas with such a soft expression on his face.
“Me, too, Sam” said Cas.
His wings. It was magnificent, divine. It was black with hints of green.
“Morning, Sammy. How is he doing?” asked Dean nodding at Jack.
They kissed for quite some time and then they finally went to bed.
“Cas, say something” pleaded Dean.
“Cool, thanks, Dean. All of Jack’s stuff is there in his room. His diaper bag, his clothes, his toys.” said Sam as he handed Jack to Dean.
“I was in the Empty, it was dark and well, nothing. It’s this void where angels and demons go after they die. They sleep for eternity dreaming about all the regrets and failures. It was awful.”
After a few minutes, he heard the bunker door close. Dean looked at Jack. He had finished his bottle and looked like he was about to take a nap.
It definitely sounded like Cas. He raced off to the bunker entrance and opened the door.
Sam looked up with a shocked and happy face. “Cas?”
The wailing was getting louder. Dean groaned as he got up from his bed and made his way to Jack’s room.
His lips started to quiver and he was starting to tear up. “Too damn long, Cas. I thought I lost you.”
“Mmmmmm. Smells so good. Thank you, Dean“
“Okay, Dean.” Cas said as he tightened his grip on Dean.
Dean went inside the bathroom and closed the door behind him. He looked at himself in the mirror, face red and tears slipping down his cheeks.
He rushed to hug him, and held on to Cas for far too long. Cas hugged him back and he didn’t want to let go of him either.
“Let’s get you into bed, now, shall we?” said Dean as he left the kitchen to Jack’s room.
“Cas, I need to tell you something.” said Dean as he left Jack’s room.
“How are you, Dean? What happened after I was gone? Where is Sam and Jack?”
Dean looked into Cas’s eyes and gently cupped his face before closing his eyes and placing a tender kiss as delicately as he could on Cas’s lips.
A few minutes later Dean got a call on his phone. Sam was probably at the movies or sleeping in a motel, who would be calling at this hour?
“Dean, are you okay?” asked Sam with a tinge of worry in his voice.
Next morning, he woke up and went to the kitchen to make some breakfast for them. Sam and Jack came in after a few minutes. Jack was cooing in Sam’s arms, trying to catch his ridiculously long hair.
“Fine, Sam. I can take care of him for a day or two.”
They were having their breakfast, Jack was drinking his milk making tiny sounds every now and then. Sam kept looking at Dean as if he wanted to ask something.
“He’s beautiful”, whispered Cas.
“Can I touch them?” Dean whispered in awe.
He set the breakfast on the tray and took it to their room. Cas was still sleeping, Dean could feel his heart swell with love seeing him so peaceful and content.
“How long was I gone?” enquired Cas.
“It’s okay, Jack. Everything is okay, I am here. You want some milk, huh? Come on, let’s go to the kitchen.” said Sam as he picked Jack up from his crib. He noticed Dean standing at the door and said “You look like hell. Please tell me you weren’t drinking again.”
“Sam is taking a couple days off to get some fresh air. As for Jack, come on, let me take you to him” said Dean as he took Cas’s hand and led him to Jack’s room. It felt good to hold his hand, comfortable. Cas did not seem to mind, either.
“Awesome”
Cas nodded. Dean slowly raised his hands to touch Cas’s feathers. The wings twitched a little as Dean trailed his hands over them. It was so soft.
Dean was pacing in his room, trying to control his heart beat. He needed to say it now. Cas is back, he is here. He has to tell Cas how he feels. Otherwise he would crumble to dust. All those times he wished that he had told Cas the truth, he could not wait any longer. He should not wait any longer. He waited long enough.
“I am so glad you are back, Cas.”
“Dean, he is just a baby. Just, look at him. He’s so adorable.”
But this was not how he imagined seeing his wings. Not dead. Not burnt to the ground.
Next morning, they woke up to find Sam playing with Jack sitting at the kitchen table.
“I love you, too, Dean. I wish you had told me this before it was too late.” said Cas with a sad smile.
The air was thick with emotion. Cas was still quietly staring at Dean, his expression soft.  Dean was starting to panic, what if he doesn’t love me like that, what if I ruined our friendship by saying things out loud.
Dean could not keep it in any longer.
Dean thought,
“I, uh, I, uh, I love you, Cas. I have been in love with you for a while now.” whispered Dean as he took a step closer to Cas.
“No problem, Cas. Now, come on, get up and eat.”
Cas looked at Dean with questioning eyes, “Sleep well, Jack” and he followed Dean to his room.
“Good night, Jack. Sleep well.” said Dean and went back to his room.
He looked at Dean looking for some kind of explanation. Dean went to take Jack off Sam's hands. Sam rushed to give Cas a hug.
Jack was quiet for the most part. Dean spent some time watching western movies and hanging out with Jack. Sam was right, Jack
Dean went on a couple of solo hunts to take his mind off things. A vampire nest in Omaha. A djinn case in Wilmington. And a bunch of bars along the way. Sam called him every now and then to give him some updates about the case, told him about Jack and how adorable and lovely he is and asked Dean how he is doing. Dean always cut the call when he was asked that question and headed to the bar to drown in his sorrows instead.
“Hey, kiddo. Can’t sleep? Me too.”
“Cas, they are beautiful. You are beautiful” gasped Dean.
Dean showered, took some Aspirin and went to the kitchen to make some breakfast. Sam was sitting on the dining table with Jack on his lap, feeding him a bottle of milk.
Sam was already there trying to get Jack to stop crying.
He found it slightly better to look at Jack now, to take care of him. All his anger seemed to vanish when Jack gave him a smile.
“Hmmm.”
“I regret the fact that it’s taken me so long to say it. I wish I had the courage to say something before, but I was a coward.”
Dean finally let go of Cas, but he was still close enough to feel Cas’s warmth next to him, still holding his hands. Dean closed the bunker door and led Cas to the war room. Dean seemed to be a loss for words.
“Cas, I know that I have said some hurtful stuff to you in the past. You are my best friend and I sometimes did not treat you like that. I don’t know why I get so angry, it’s just always been there. When things go bad, it comes out and I can’t stop it. No matter how bad I want to, I just can’t stop it.”
Dean kneeled at the spot where Lucifer stabbed Cas. He did not know how long he was kneeling next to Cas, was it seconds? Minutes? Hours?
Only it wasn't just a bad dream. It was real. And a part of Dean knew he would never be the same because of it.
Dean softly clears his throat, aims for casual. “Hell of a party going on in there. What are you doing out here?”
Dean briefly met the blue eyes staring back at him in the mirror before shaking his head and reaching for a nearby towel to dry his face. “S’fine. I probably deserved it.” Dean could feel the tingly sensation of eyes on the back of his head intensify.
The man generously offers to return the favor and Dean’s out of there in a flash. He doesn’t want that guy’s hands anywhere near his dick. At least Sammy wouldn’t go hungry tonight.
The sounds of skin slapping against skin and Dean's wanton moans filled the garage, and for a fleeting moment Castiel wondered if this room was sound proof, for Sam's sake of course. The idea of covering Dean's mouth with his own hand to keep him quiet while fucking him quick and dirty from behind was tempting, but Castiel much rather preferred
Dean was going to get Cas back.
Castiel was curious by nature. He reveled in discovering new ways to make Dean tick, and he soon found out that tying Dean up was one of them. They tried rope and handcuffs in the past which was fine — left some good bruises and rope burns a couple of times, talk about an awkward injury to try and explain to your little brother — but this little piece of fabric was almost more exciting because it was barely even tight on him.
“It sucked. You not knowing who we were." Dean let out a breathy laugh sounding a little more like himself as Castiel cradled the back of his neck with his hand and started massaging the skin there. "That Castiel was kind of a dick. No offence.”
Dean wasn't really thinking about
Dean wasn’t ashamed of who he was. How could he be when Sam was so open and accepting, waited for Dean to come to him, loved him fiercely and unconditionally? Dean saw what Sam had with Eileen—wanted that for himself. So maybe it took Dean a little longer than he would have liked to build up the courage to take the next step, but he was there now, reeling to get it all out in the open.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathed, his back arching as he tried not to shift too much under Cas’ hands holding onto his hips, fingers digging into his skin. Cas’ mouth sank lower on Dean’s cock, taking all of him in as Dean struggled to breathe normally. Cas was being so gentle, his fingertips brushing lightly over Dean’s skin, his tongue tracing the head of Dean’s cock as he moved his head up and down slowly, taking his time to really make sure Dean was enjoying it. Dean was already falling apart from this, so he didn’t notice Cas had opened the lube until there was a cool finger between his legs, lightly massaging his hole. “O-Oh fuck, Cas,” Dean cried, his fingers pulling a little too hard on Cas’ hair at the new sensation.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled, swatting her hands away from his head. As the girls giggled in the backseat, Dean glanced at Cas, grabbing his hand to make sure he was paying attention. “Cas, they don’t need to know about that stuff.”
Dean huffed a small laugh, a sad sound that made Jo look at him with such pity. He shrugged his shoulders, meeting her eyes. “It doesn’t matter. I can’t ever be with him. I’m not good enough anyways,” Dean mumbled, letting it slip without thinking. He hadn’t meant to tell Jo anything about who it was, but he fucked up.
Dean swallowed a lump in his throat, wishing he was better with words. He had so much he wanted to say, to ask him, but he didn't know how. "We tell each other everything," Dean mumbled, blinking slowly. "I told you things I've never told anyone, Cas. This- this isn't okay. Ignoring me, snapping at me without telling me what I did. . ."
"I'd appreciate that, Dean," Cas interrupted, settling a comfortable silence between them as Dean nodded, not sure how to respond. They finished salting the windows in the remaining rooms, which didn't take too much longer. After they were done, Dean turned to go find Sam, only to run into Cas who was standing much closer than Dean thought he was. "What kind of things can you teach me?" he asked, breaking the silence as Dean licked his lips awkwardly, taking a step away from the angel. He straightened out his jacket, just to have something to do with his hands as Cas waited for an answer, those blue eyes staring into his own.
"Cas," Dean whispered, not trusting his voice. Despite the throbbing pain in his arm, he reached up with both hands to cradle Cas' face gently, pulling the angel closer. "I'm so sorry." He wished he had more to offer, something that would help Cas feel better. An apology was all he could give and it didn't feel like enough. "I have to go, but I want you to listen to me, okay?" he said, his voice hoarse as he held back the urge to cry. He hated himself for making Cas feel this way.
Dean rolled his eyes at how dramatic this situation was. They handled things just fine and all they had to do was get Dean to some kind of doctor. "We killed the damn skinwalker," Dean grunted out, still trying to overcome the pain in his arm by ignoring it. "I made Jo shoot, knowing it would probably hurt me too. This was my fault." They continued standing there, not moving, even though Dean was clearly still losing blood. "Can we please get to a fucking doctor?" he yelled, the pain getting the best of him.
“Yeah, be careful,” Dean answered, waving them off. As they walked out the door, Dean gestured for Cas to get moving so he could walk him to work too. Cas had only complained about the extra security once since Dean told him he’d be walking him and Charlie to work every morning, but Dean only had to pull the “I love you too much to lose you, so let me have this one thing” card for Cas to let it go.
“I don’t know,” Sam said, sitting down and making himself comfortable on the couch. “Dean has something to tell us. We should probably sit.”
"What do you want?" Cas wondered, his hand moving away from Dean's face, dropping back to his side. With the loss of contact, Dean brought himself back to reality. The reality where he couldn't have Cas. He couldn't be what he desperately wished he could be. He would always be broken and destructive. He would always carry that anger with him, no matter how hard he fought to get away from it. He could have been freed, maybe, if John hadn't been back in the picture. "Dean?" Cas spoke again, reminding Dean of the question. What did he want?
Jo laughed, linking her arm through Dean’s. “Oh, absolutely,” she agreed. They started off after Cas and Charlie, far enough that they couldn’t hear them, but close enough to see them if anything were to come after them. “I’m sorry about earlier, in the car,” Jo said after a few minutes of watching Charlie hold up different shirts to see if she liked them on Cas. “I was deflecting. I didn’t want anything about me and Charlie coming up.”
Cas nibbled on the skin of Dean’s hip as Dean squirmed under his hold, grabbing handfuls of Cas’ hair. “Turn over on your stomach,” Cas commanded, dragging Dean’s underwear down his thighs to get them off quickly. Now completely exposed, Dean obliged, shakily turning over on his stomach as Cas sat up on his knees behind him. “On your knees,” Cas said, grabbing Dean’s hips to help position him. As he sat up on his knees, Cas placed a hand on the middle of Dean’s back, pushing his chest back down onto the mattress.
Jo laughed nervously, staring at her hands as they walked slowly towards the medical building where Charlie and Cas were probably still working. “Yeah, I guess it’s kind of obvious I’m in love with her,” she sighed. “To everyone except her.”
"I know, Sammy. I know." For a few minutes, they sat in silence, staring at the disheveled pile of cards between them on the table. The game had been long forgotten at this point.
“Fine, I understand,” Jo answered, gesturing for Dean to follow her. “Let’s get back inside the wall and find someplace to sit for awhile. We can talk about this, okay?” Dean nodded, even thought talking about it was the last thing he wanted to do. It was the whole reason he wasn’t going home right now, because he’d have to talk to Cas then. Even so, he followed Jo through the trees until they were back in the safety of the walls. They walked across the neighborhood, coming to a stop at the empty park a few blocks from Dean’s house. They took up a small park bench, some space between them as Dean held his head in his hands, staring blankly at his feet on the ground.
He threw a punch at the canine, knocking it back enough that it started to run off, but Dean reached blindly and grabbed. Just as he did, the thing shifted back to human, slipping out of Dean's grip while Dean stared at the guy in shock. "Damn son of a bitch," he growled, lunging after the naked guy despite not really wanting to get up in the dude's business. He managed to wrap his arms around the guy from the side long enough to lock eyes with Jo, less than a hundred feet between them. "Shoot now!" he screamed, locking his arms tight around the skinwalker's arms and torso as it fought in his grip. Dean held him just off center enough that if the bullet went through it's heart, it would only hit Dean's arm.
“You don’t give the orders around here,” John snapped, shoving Dean against the wall harder, the pressure on his chest making it hard to breathe. “Get the hell out of here before I-”
“It’s necessary,” Dean promised, cutting her off. “I don’t have time to tell you every detail, but trust me. Everything I’m doing, it’s for a good reason. Bobby will understand.”
"I don't know," Dean admitted. "I guess it'll be a surprise." He hoped that even if he told Jo the truth (not about Cas, but that he didn't feel that way about her) that they could still be friends. He really did like Jo and he really enjoyed her company. He had no doubt that this date would be fun, which he didn't have often.
Dean shot Sam a look, telling him to shut his mouth before he made it worse. He appreciated the help, but Dean could take care of himself. He didn’t like when Sam tried to get in the middle of Dean’s fights. “Sammy, it’s fine,” Dean promised, before turning back to John. “Just the two of us?” he wondered, feeling Jo tense up beside him. He was sure she would object, especially if Charlie told her about the fight yesterday.
“You love him, right?” she asked, and Dean stared back at her in shock for only a moment before realizing there was only one right answer. There was no lying or pretending. He nodded his head and Ellen gave him a sweet, but fierce smile. “Then you stop at nothing to save him. No matter who gets in your way. In this world, love doesn’t come around often. When it does, you can’t let it go.”
"I couldn't sleep," Dean answered, his voice cracking as he met Cas' eyes, holding his gaze. "I thought-" he paused, licking his lips nervously. He didn't like talking about things like this, exposing himself, being vulnerable. "If that thing came back and I wasn't ready to kill it, something could have happened to you. I mean, Cas, you were right next to me, sound asleep. If it came back-"
Every day since Kaia’s return felt like walking on eggshells. Dean kept waiting for the other shoe to drop, for Kaia to turn up missing again, or for Claire to not show up for work every morning because she’d been taken. Dean didn’t tell anyone about the man he saw in the woods the night he found Kaia, but he didn’t stop looking either. The man was nowhere to be found. Not in the abandoned houses surrounding the neighborhood, or in the woods outside the gate, and he sure as hell didn’t live in the neighborhood. It was as if the guy was a part of Dean’s imagination.
“Dean, I really don’t think-”
When the apocalypse started, Sam had been away from Dean and John for almost a year and was rusty when it came to hunting, so he blindly followed his older brother. In all of the chaos, they were separated from their father. Dean assumed he was dead, but he was desensitized to death by now. Even before the apocalypse, he had seen enough death to not be surprised. It all started when his mother was killed by a demon. Since then, nothing really phased him.
Dean rolled his eyes, giving Sammy a small chuckle. “The heat alone would’ve killed you, dude,” he argued. “And no, there weren’t any flesh eating demon zombies, if that’s what you meant. I did, however, run into this guy and his kid nephew, so I uh- I invited them here for a meal.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, glancing at Cas as if he might know why Jack would want to tell a teenage girl about their relationship. When Cas shrugged, and Sam had a similar reaction, Dean turned back to Jack with narrowed eyes. "Why would you want to tell Claire about us?" Dean hadn't really had a normal conversation with the kid, so it didn't make sense why she was on the top of Jack's list of people he thought should know Dean's biggest secret. Of course he was curious as to why Jack wanted to tell her.
“I liked where that was going,” Cas admitted, taking a step back as he pulled a stool closer to the bed and sat down. Their knees touched as Cas scooted closer, but there was still somehow too much space between them. Dean’s heart sank, thinking he had done something wrong. If Cas liked where it was going, why did he want to stop? What did Dean do? He knew he fucked things up a lot, sometimes without even meaning to, so his heart was racing again as he worked himself up. “You just have a lot on your mind,” Cas continued, breaking Dean out of his own thoughts.
Cas stretched up to kiss Dean’s cheek gently, his hand finding Dean’s chest, resting right over his heart. “And you’re mine.”
“My arm,” Dean mumbled, his head spinning from the pain. “Yesterday, I- there was a werewolf and it attacked me before I could kill it, so I kinda fucked up my arm again,” he explained, trying to figure out if he was imagining the angry look on Cas’ face. He was an idiot and Cas knew that, so was he really surprised?
Once they made it back inside the wall, they went straight to the medical building to get Cas off his feet. Charlie and Jo were waiting inside and they jumped to their feet the second the door opened. They had to pry Cas from Dean's side to get him into the bed, but he eventually stopped fighting them.
“Your loud mouth?” Cas teased, a smirk on his lips. “Probably.”
"Cas, hey," Dean greeted him, but Cas didn't give him even a moment to say anything else before throwing himself into Dean's arms, holding just a little too tight. It hurt, but in the best way. Dean laughed softly at Cas' enthusiasm, hugging him back without hesitating. "I'm okay, Cas," he said as he pressed a warm kiss to Cas' temple.
“Alright, fine,” Sam sighed, following close behind Dean as they walked to the dining room where Cas and Jack were still sitting patiently, the same place Dean had left them. Sam hesitantly pulled out a chair, sitting down across from them. “Uh, hi,” he mumbled.
Afterwards, the two of them laid side by side, Dean with a dopey smile on his face as Cas leaned over to kiss his cheek. "So how was the tour?" Cas wondered, moving closer to pull Dean against him. Dean sighed happily and rested his head on Cas' chest, listening to his steady heartbeat. "Did you like Cesar and Jesse?"
"It means a lot that you would listen," Cas answered fondly, their hands still intertwined, as if this were the most normal thing. "But now it's your turn to trust me," he continued, and Dean felt his chest tighten as Cas held on tighter, a comforting gesture.
"Dean," Cas mumbled, scooting closer until his head was resting on Dean's chest and suddenly all of Dean's hard work getting them untangled was for nothing. Cas had wrapped himself back around Dean's body in no time, his hands exploring bare skin as Dean shivered under Cas' touch. "So warm," Cas sighed sleepily, nuzzling in closer so his face was buried in Dean's neck. "I never want to get up."
Cas took deep breaths to calm himself down, willing himself not to cry, or start hyperventilating in front of his classmates. He was used to being pushed around by Dean Winchester, but that didn't mean he was able to stop the panic from setting in when the guy messed with him. He always hid it at school, waiting until he was walking home alone, or in his house before letting himself breakdown.
“I know,” Cas said calmly, sliding his hand up to cup Dean’s cheek, running his thumb gently over the warm skin. His touch calmed Dean’s racing heart, but it wasn’t until Cas leaned in and pressed his lips to Dean’s that the anger gradually melted away, forgotten for the moment. “It’s going to be okay,” Cas whispered, kissing him again, and again and again until Dean grew restless from having to chase his lips each time. With a small growl, he tightened his hold on Cas’ waist with both hands, his arm only aching a little as he slotted their lips together for a hard kiss. When Cas pulled back slightly, Dean caught his bottom lip between his teeth, forcing a quiet moan from the angel’s lips.
"Hey boss man," Claire beamed, jumping out of the passenger side of the truck with a grin on her face. Dean rolled his eyes at the greeting, after telling her many times in the past few years to stop calling him that. "We stumbled over some survivors. Did the routine monster check, the questionnaire to make sure they're not serial killers, and they're ready to meet you."
“We did promise them a double date,” Cas said, leaning against the door with an amused look on his face. Dean half-heartedly glared at him, but Cas only smiled wide, reaching out to grab Dean’s hand. “It could be fun, Dean.”
This morning was no different, except Dean woke up before Cas for once. The sun shining through the window hurt his eyes, but he squinted his eyes to look at Cas, sleeping peacefully with his mouth hanging open in the most adorable way. Dean smiled, turning over on his back without looking away so he could stretch his good arm. They had gravitated apart some time in the middle of the night, but just like every other morning they woke up together, their legs were slotted together under the cover, keeping them inches apart. With a small sigh, Dean started prying himself away from the angel, making Cas groan and blindly reach out to grab at Dean's bare chest.
Dean found himself smiling like an idiot, just thinking about how amazing that would be. If only it were guaranteed, it would make him feel so much better. But Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever escape John Winchester. For Cas, he’d sure as hell try his hardest to make it happen.
“Coast was clear,” Dean said with a lopsided grin. “Guess I was pretty quiet after all.” He was pretty proud of himself for that fact, until Cas rolled his eyes at him.
Dean didn't have a chance to answer before the sound of heavy boots crunching the leaves on the ground interrupted them. Jo whipped her gun out again, aimed at the intruders, only to shove it back into her waistband at the sight of John and Bobby.
Dean dropped the salt in a plastic bag near the front of the store, avoiding having to look at his brother who was basically telling him it was okay to feel things he hadn't been allowed to feel his entire life. It wasn't that easy. It was ingrained in every part of him. That part of him, those kinds of feelings, they were something Dean's father forced down and it would take a lot more than two days with a nice guy to resurface them. It would be impossible to figure it all out anytime soon, if ever.
For a moment, they just stared at each other. Cas had shed his coat, now sitting in his dress pants, button up, and that new tie Dean had given him this morning. He had his hands on the tie, trying to unknot it, but his fingers stilled when Dean walked into the room. Finally, Cas sighed. "I can't get this loosened," he mumbled, looking down at his hands.
"Dean," Cas said again, his hand hesitantly reaching out to grab the sleeve of Dean's flannel, tugging slightly. "What's wrong?" His fingers twisted into the fabric of Dean's shirt and Dean could only stand there, staring intently at Cas' long fingers as they hooked into the dark fabric. He swallowed the lump in his throat, shaking his head slowly. "Dean, please," Cas tried again, his voice softer this time, more coaxing than anything. He was trying to pry it out of Dean, and maybe it was working.
Dean swallowed visibly, wishing he could tear his eyes away from Cas' own. "Y-Yeah," he got out, latching on even tighter to Cas' hand. There was a moment where he got lost in the fantasy of Cas telling him what to do, touching him, kissing him. . . but he quickly pushed that away in favor of not letting Cas see his incredibly red face. "Yeah, I'm okay with it," Dean continued, clearing his throat.
"Yes, Dean," Cas answered, his foot suddenly connecting with Dean's shin, forcing him away from Cas with a yelp. Cas looked satisfied as he pushed Dean against the wall, his arm across Dean's chest securely. "Like that?" he asked, his eyes staring into Dean's, surely noticing how red Dean's face was. His arm dug into Dean's chest, probably able to feel every thump of Dean's racing heart.
After they finished eating, the teasing had died down. The weight of their current situation hung heavy in the air. Even Jack, the innocent kid, knew things were serious. Sam was the first to get up from the table, clearing his throat. “Jack, c’mon, I’ll walk you to work.” He gave Dean a pointed look, like every morning since they found out about John and the danger they could all be in if left alone. “Dean, meet you at the gate.”
Dean wanted to believe him, but every fiber in his body refused to let him be happy. Cas was the closest thing Dean had to a best friend, someone who wasn't forced to love him because of a blood relation. Cas was the best thing to happen to Dean in a long time, maybe ever. Because of that, he wanted to believe that he'd never have to be alone again. But somewhere deep down, he had this gnawing feeling like Cas would leave him. It wasn't that Dean thought Cas was the type of guy to do that, but Dean was definitely the type of guy who deserved it.
Cas started to stir, his eyes fluttering open for a moment to register Dean was there in front of him, before they fell closed again. “Dean, is that you?” Cas mumbled, smacking his dry lips.
"When?" Dean asked, and then more confused, "Wait, about what?"
They walked back to Dean’s place in comfortable silence, Jo holding onto Dean’s good arm as they walked. Every now and then, she would lean her head against his arm in a friendly gesture, giving him a supportive smile. She could probably sense how nervous he was, so he appreciated it. He appreciated how she had handled the entire situation, really, considering he basically dumped her on the first date. She was being a really good friend for someone who got rejected.
“But we’re alone,” Cas argued with an amused laugh. Dean cracked one eye open to see Cas’ smiling face, snuggling in closer to him. “I thought you said the next time we were alone, we could-”
"Shut the fuck up," Dean grumbled, shoving the lube in his pocket so he could stop looking at it and thinking about how he was probably going to be using it with Cas later. "Thanks," he added, reluctantly.
"You'll like them," Cas promised, taking Dean's arm to drag him around to the car that had just pulled up to the gate, Jody in the driver's seat and Bobby in the passenger side. In the backseat, two guys Dean had never seen before. They all piled out and met Dean with smiles on their faces. "Dean, this is Jesse and Cesar," Cas introduced. "And this is Dean, our leader," Cas said to them, a proud smile on his face. It always made Dean blush when he talked about him like that, or when anyone really called him their leader, or their boss. He didn't want people to start seeing him like they saw John. He was wary of how he ran things.
Dean took a deep breath, deciding to ask anyways, even if Cas said no. "I thought you could tell me more about you," he admitted, licking his lips nervously. "About your family and how you became human. Whatever you're comfortable sharing," he added, to make sure Cas knew he wasn't trying to be pushy. He just wanted to know everything he could about Cas.
Dean gulped down his nerves, blinking slowly. "Yeah, sure," he answered, looking away as he rested his head back against the headboard, settling in as he listened to Cas' breaths beside him.
“On that note, I’m going to go fix some plates for dinner,” Dean excused himself, leaving the three of them to talk amongst themselves. He wandered into the kitchen, digging out some disposable bowls he had managed to find on his last run. He didn’t have a way to heat anything unless he cooked outside, which wasn’t often. Instead, he opened some cans of soup he had found at the store today and emptied them into four separate bowls. They had spoons that had to be washed, which was done with river water. Not the most clean source of water, but it was all they had. After the bowls were filled, he piled his arms up with them and walked back into the dining room to give them out. They kept water in the dining room. Usually, he and Sam split one bottle per dinner, but they had guests, so he thought it would be okay to give everyone their own just this once.
Dean felt his face heating up as he stepped away from Jack, glancing between him and Cas as he realized he didn’t know what to say next. “Yeah, it’s dangerous and I didn’t feel like you guys had enough protection,” Dean admitted, licking his lips nervously. He realized that sounded harsh, like he thought he was the only one who could protect them. It wasn't like that. He couldn't exactly tell them that he felt oddly responsible for them after only knowing them for two days. That would have been worse. “I know you can probably take care of yourselves, but I couldn’t sleep-” he tried to explain.
"Yeah," Cas mumbled, his hips involuntarily bucking up from the mattress into Dean's touch, wanting to feel his hands on his cock. "God, yes, Dean," he felt himself groaning as Dean wrapped one arm around Castiel's waist, holding him in place against Dean's chest. The other hand worked Cas' sweatpants down just enough to free Castiel's dick, painfully hard as he impatiently rocked his hips towards Dean's hand, wanting that touch, that warmth of Dean's hand.
“That would be his own fault,” Cas rumbled, grabbing the front of Dean’s shirt to pull him in for another hard kiss. Dean stumbled closer to the bed, almost falling on top of Cas before he steadied himself with a hand on Cas’ shoulder. Reluctantly, Dean pulled away and sighed, resting his forehead against Cas’. “Is this your way of telling me no?” Cas wondered, innocently.
“Hell no,” Charlie replied firmly. “He’s not touching you.”
to hear them leave Cas' parted lips. Cas tightened his grip on Dean's waist, his other hand threading through Dean's hair, suddenly hauling him closer to fit their mouths together in a hard kiss. Dean groaned into the kiss, opening Cas' mouth with his tongue, tasting him anywhere he could. Dean could feel the heat of Cas in his hand, the friction slowing him down, dragging agonizingly slow.
Cas’ eyes narrowed. “And you’ve been celibate for over ten years.”
Cas slipped his hand into Dean's with a small, content smile. For once, there was no hiding this. Dean could hold Cas' hand as they walked down the street. Hell, he could even kiss him if he wanted to, and he did sometimes, when Cas was least expecting it. Dean liked to see the surprised smile on Cas' face after he pulled away. It was moments like that that reminded Dean how much happier he was now than he had ever been. Since his mom died, he thought life could never get better. He thought happiness was impossible for him, but then he met Cas. And of course, Jack, Charlie, Jo, and all of his new friends. But most importantly, Cas, the love of his life. The person who he was spending forever with. So it didn't matter if it was the end of the world, or the beginning of a new one. Dean had Cas, and he had a family who loved him, and he was happy. It was all he could ask for, because it was something he never even thought he could have. It was something he never thought he deserved, but Cas convinced him otherwise.
"Yeah. . ." Dean drawled, eyeing Sam suspiciously. "Why?"
First, he took Jack to the guest room. “Bathroom is just down the hall to the right. If you need anything, Sam’s room is across the bunker. Just yell for me and I’ll find you, okay?”
He couldn't have guessed how long the drive took because he wasn't paying close enough attention. He just knew they were pulling up to a makeshift parking lot now, filled with different types of cars and trucks. There was a gate that led into what looked like a typical neighborhood. There were rows of houses in the distance, large buildings that looked like they could be schools or libraries. Dean put Baby into park, right next to Jody's truck. With a sigh, Dean dragged himself out of the car, everyone else following. They clearly wouldn't be able to grab everything out of the car, but Dean made sure to grab his own bag, the one with Cas' blue tie tucked into the side pocket. It held everything important to him, so he couldn't leave without it. Sam grabbed his bag too, and Dean handed Cas and Jack a bag with their own clothes in it in case they did end up staying tonight.
"They will," Cas agreed, playing with Dean's hair as he talked quietly. "This place is amazing. All because of you."
She shook her head at him, clearly not in the mood for his teasing. Working an arm around his waist, she tried to hoist him to his feet, barely managing to get him up with as much help as Dean could muster up. With one side of his body out of commission, he was a little off balance. "It's a bit of a walk," she sighed, moving slowly as Dean dragged his feet after her. "Can you make it?"
"Dean," Charlie said, suddenly appearing a few inches in front of him. Dean had been a little zoned out, jumping when he realized she was talking to him. She smiled a little, grabbing his wrist to pull him into the room. "Let me check your injuries before you get back out there."
“Just keep your voice down,” Cas whispered against his ear before nipping at his earlobe, sending shivers down Dean’s spine. “You can do that, can’t you?” he asked, scraping his teeth across sensitive skin on Dean’s neck, making Dean forget how to speak at all. Cas didn’t stop kissing him, working his hand over Dean’s swollen cock in a way that had Dean seeing stars.
Dean's hand flew to his waist, fingers wrapping around the blade of his knife. Jo reached for her gun, filled with silver bullets. Whether they had to get close to kill this thing, or take a shot from a distance, it was going down. Jo met Dean's eyes again, a silent conversation ensuing between the two of them. Dean nodded, completely understanding by the look in her eyes, the subtle gesture for him to go ahead of her to get a better look at what they were dealing with.
"I'll take care of him," Cas said, finally someone agreeing with Dean. "But I would like to take a short break and check in with Jack. I haven't spoken to him much lately. Would you mind keeping your brother company?" The question was innocent, but Dean felt a pang of something unfamiliar in his gut. He didn't want Cas to leave him alone, not even for an hour. Sam was fine company, but he asked a lot of questions and invaded Dean's privacy far too much.
"I didn't mean you had to change," he faltered, pushing back a nervous laugh. "I was just messing with you, man. Keep the shirt."
He only felt himself breathing again when he realized Cas was holding out a hand to help him up. Dean stared at the hand, the outstretched fingers that had been holding the severed head only moments before. Dean let out a shaky sigh, taking the angel's hand even though he didn't need it.
Jo flashed him a look of worry, hesitating with her finger on the bullet. Dean screamed at her to shoot again, stamping his foot on top of the monster's, holding him tighter. He wouldn't be able to keep this up much longer. Luckily, Jo's expression changed as she focused her aim, taking the shot a few seconds later. Dean didn't have much time to react between the sound of the gunshot and the feeling of a bullet planting itself in his arm, just between his shoulder and his armpit. He groaned at the impact, his arms releasing the now dead skinwalker, both of their bodies hitting the ground. He used his untouched arm to drag himself away from the dead monster, sitting himself up as the blood poured from his arm, ruining his clothes.
Castiel found what he was looking for in an old poorly lit ally. He hesitated in front of the payphone, anxiously wringing his hands, unable to keep his feet still. He had considered walking into a nearby establishment and asking to use their phone, but he decided to search for a more secluded area away from any prying eyes. To keep whatever this transpired into a private moment.
“Let’s do it.” Dean let their daughter back down onto the ground. “Go get your candy bag and we’ll go, okay?” Dean and Cas watched fondly as she took off running back down the hall with a skip in her step. Once they were alone Cas cupped his husband’s cheek and gazed adoringly at his face, riding high on the anticipation of another memorable family holiday.
Cas chuckled softly, running his thumb gently over Dean's stubbled cheek. "I am quite exhausted now," he admitted. "Would you join me in bed?"
"We should give them some privacy," Cas said, grabbing Dean's arm to pull him off to the side, out of view from Sam and his secret girlfriend. "Do you know what Charlie and Jo have planned for tonight?" Cas wondered, leaning against the brick wall of the kitchen.
Dean and Cas rent a boat and then go to the rodeo.
“Shut your big fat mouth and we’ll be fine,” Dean snapped, ignoring the glare Sam sent his way. It shut him up, so Dean didn’t bother saying anything else. He worked his way around the house, peeking into each window on the first floor. He didn’t see anything, but on one side of the house, he could hear voices. They were too quiet to make out the words, but he knew they were in the right place. John must have been on the second floor. “Sam, they’re upstairs.”
“I’ll tell you,” Dean promised, dragging her back towards the door so they could join the others inside. “But I need to tell everyone at once. There’s something important. Something really big. I just- I need time to process it all. Soon.”
Charlie chuckled softly, her small hand slipping into Dean's, a warm feeling that was nothing compared to Cas', but still appreciated. "He went to pick up dinner for the three of us," she said, as if she could read Dean's mind. "He'll be back any minute."
Cas cocked his head to the side, letting the question sink in, like it took effort to answer it. The question was simple, and one Dean felt like he didn't even need to ask. But this was Cas, so there were a lot of things Dean didn't feel like he should have to explain, but he ended up doing it anyways. "You were in here," Cas replied, narrowing his eyes as he studied Dean's expression. "There wasn't enough room for two people on the couch, so naturally, I took the space on the floor."
Cas leaned forward, as if he were thinking about moving closer to Dean, but then he thought better and stayed put, crossing his arms over his chest. “You didn’t make me angry, Dean,” Cas said sternly. “I was worried.” Dean looked up again, searching Cas’ eyes. They were staring into Dean’s, scared and shining with tears that hadn’t fallen yet. “You disappeared
"If that's the case, maybe I am romantically interested in you, Dean," he joked, despite the blush on his face. Dean matched it, now both of them awkward and embarrassed. "That was too far?" Cas asked, followed by a small chuckle. Dean grinned after hearing the angel laugh, shaking his head no. Nothing was too far if it made Cas happy and erased that frown.
Jo glanced over at Charlie, and Kaia who had just entered the room after hearing all of the commotion. She seemed to understand what was going on, luckily, because they didn't have time to go into detail. "If you don't need me, I think I'll stay." She slipped her hand into Charlie's and Dean gave her a small nod with a genuine smile. He understood. "Be careful."
Cas casually leaned over Dean, the bare strip of skin on his stomach brushing past Dean's nose. "Tell me about your day?" Cas requested, seemingly innocent. Dean knew what he was doing, but he was fine with it. Maybe talking about Jack and Bobby and his friends would kill his boner enough to make it to dinner on time tonight.
Cas meets Dean's family!
"Cas?" he croaked, his voice rough and scratchy. He saw Cas through the doorway, standing in the next room over talking to Sam. He was wearing Dean's clothes, as always, and it made Dean smile as the angel turned to face him. His face lit up when he saw Dean was awake. "Hey," Dean said, trying to sit up before Cas could get to him.
Dean returned the smile, trying to cover up the uneasiness he felt. “I’ll be throwing right hooks again in no time,” he answered, easily transitioning into a grin when he was sure John wasn’t here to call him homophobic slurs and toss him out with the skinwalkers and werewolves beyond the wall. He could sense Cas’ presence behind him and he instantly felt guilty for pushing him away before, when all Cas was trying to do was provide comfort for Dean, in a way Dean taught him, too.
"They would only be two blocks away," John argued, articulating his words slowly. Dean knew that voice. John was on the verge of getting angry since he wasn't getting his way. "You don't want to stay with me? Your own blood?" he asked, his face turning red.
“Can’t breath, Cas,” Dean mumbled into the pillow. Cas chuckled softly and rolled off of Dean, laying beside him instead. Dean smiled like an idiot as Cas leaned in to kiss his forehead. “Do you think we woke Sam up?” Dean wondered, half joking, but a part of him was a little worried they’d been too loud. There was a reason they didn’t have sex while other people were home. Dean didn’t trust himself to keep quiet, no matter how many times Cas told him to.
With a small sigh, Dean sat up, rubbing his eyes which still hurt from exhaustion. Despite having Cas beside him last night, he still didn't sleep well. They didn't do anything but talk last night, and a few kisses here and there, but otherwise innocent. Dean shouldn't have been this tired, but there were a lot of things going on in his head that kept him awake. He felt bad because Cas never went to sleep until Dean was snoring beside him, so Cas had to be exhausted too.
“Got it, Dean, thanks,” Jack replied, a boyish grin on his face.
"Christ, of course, Dean," John grumbled, and they finally started moving again. Jo apologized profusely the whole time they were walking back and Dean had to keep assuring her it was fine, that he told her to do it, and he knew what he was doing. He even laughed when she told him she'd understand if he didn't want to go on a date with her now. He assured her it would take more than shooting him to piss him off, which made her laugh. Dean knew they'd be fine.
Charlie gave Dean a guilty look, like she was about to do something that would really hurt. "Cas, the best thing you can do right now is hold his hand," she said, still looking at Dean. "This next part will hurt like a bitch." She mouthed the words 'I'm sorry' but Dean wasn't sure what she was apologizing for. Maybe for sending Cas to hold his hand, or possibly for what she was about to do to his wounded arm.
"You saved my life, Dean," she said quietly, glancing at him for a moment before looking away again, staring at her fingers. "Thank you."
"So, where are we going to be working?" Sam wondered as they settled comfortably on the porch, Dean leaning back against the house across from where John stood, Sam and Jack sitting on the stairs, and Cas standing off to the side.
"He mentioned she's been distant lately," Dean started, trying to be vague as possible. Claire might not have come out to her family yet and Dean sure as hell wasn't about to come out to some random girl. "Said she needed someone she could trust to talk to and I think I could help," he explained, suddenly feeling a little nervous. What if she didn't believe him and then just told everyone he was a creep? Jody would kick his ass for sure.
"Yeah," Dean breathed, because he could definitely get behind this. Being able to look Cas in the eye as he jacked him off, that was good. He liked that. "Can you- uh, take this off?" he asked, not sure why he was so nervous about asking Cas to abandon the shirt. Of course, Cas didn't judge him at all, just easily discarded the shirt on the floor, leaving him open for Dean's fingers to explore newly exposed skin. Cas watched him patiently, letting Dean touch him all over, leaning into the touch, moaning when Dean grazed past his sensitive nipples.
Dean frowned, taking it upon himself to link their fingers, craving that warm touch, even if it did complicate things. Cas didn't say anything about it, but the smile on his lips was enough for Dean. "She mentioned that you're gonna be bossing me around until I get this thing off," he answered, suddenly not as angry as he was when Charlie told him.
Dean didn’t let John finish that sentence, because as soon as Cas was the one being threatened, nothing else mattered except protecting him. “You won’t fucking touch him,” Dean growled, giving his father a hard shove towards the exit. John looked back at his son with a shocked expression, stumbling backwards slightly in surprise. “Cas is right. You need to leave.” Dean kept a hand on John’s chest, pushing him towards the door without much resistance until they hit the doorway, and then John pushed back, standing his ground.
Dean missed being out there hunting, and if Charlie and Cas didn't gang up on him, he'd still be out there with a broken arm. "Shut it, bigfoot," Dean grumbled. Sam only rolled his eyes. "Let's just go."
After a while, Dean reached up to wipe the sweat from his forehead, rubbing his hands down his face to find fresh tears on his cheeks. He hadn’t realized he was crying until that moment, but he hated how weak it made him feel. He scrubbed his hands over his face and dug the heels of his hands into his eyes until the tears stopped. He didn’t keep track of how long that took, but when he pulled his hands away from his face, the sun was finally starting to set, casting odd shadows through the trees. Dean still had the urge to hit something, but oddly enough, there didn’t seem to be any monsters around.
Dean knew they meant well, but he didn’t need to be putting more people he cared about in danger. “I appreciate it, Jo, but I don’t want anything to happen to you guys. Cas would never forgive me for letting you go after him. Especially if you got hurt.”
“Or what?” John barked, spitting a mouthful of blood to the sidewalk beside him. “Trust me, Dean, everything I’m doing, I’m doing for you and Sam. I’m doing what I have to do to keep the people I care about safe.”
"I appreciate it, Jo," Dean replied honestly, giving her a small smile despite still being incredibly embarrassed from their entire conversation. "And please don't mention this to Charlie. It's bad enough that you know. I don't think I can handle both of you with your sexual innuendos and horrible jokes."
“You okay, Cas?” he asked, brushing the hair away from Cas’ forehead where he didn’t quite tame it this morning. He was overdue for a haircut, but Charlie had been busy this week with Jo and brainstorming plans to deal with John.
Cas was quiet for too long, so Dean glanced up at him with concern. Dean still couldn’t figure out what Cas was thinking. He ran a hand over his jaw, looking past Dean. “You’re sorry?”
"You have no idea," Sam teased, messing up Jack's hair as the kid complained and scooted his chair closer to Dean's. "These two have been like a breath of fresh air."
Cesar chuckled, his eyes looking Dean over before he met Cas' eyes. "This is the boyfriend you were talking about?" he asked, making Dean's face red all over again, after he had just managed to stop blushing from embarrassment. Cas was talking about him to strangers? Sure, they'd been together for five years now, but. . . strangers? Freaking sap.
While Dean knew Sammy was joking, he still gave him a serious look. "I was trying to protect you. Anyone who helps me, if dad knows, he'll hurt you too." He hated that he was keeping it from Sam, but he knew it was necessary. He wanted to keep it from him longer, if not for Cas not getting any sleep on the damn couch. Sam just had to keep quiet, even if things went south. Dean needed him to understand that, but he had a gut feeling that Sam would never sit back while Dean took John's beatings. Any time John laid a hand on Dean when they were kids, Sam tried to jump in. Dean had to push him out of the way so many times to protect the kid. He was no different now.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas blurted out, before he could stop himself. "For the ride, and for- well, you know, helping me back there," he finished, his face a dark shade of red as he fumbled for the door handle. He pushed the door open and nearly fell out of the car, he was so shaken up. Just as he straightened back up, he realized Dean was coming around the car to help him, his hand grabbing Cas' shoulder without warning. Cas jumped away instinctively, despite knowing Dean wasn't going to hurt him. They'd been through this.
"That's why we can't skip," Cas retorted, kissing Dean's forehead before nudging him off his chest. "Let's get cleaned up. Sam and Eileen are meeting us here soon." As if on cue, there was a knock on the door. Dean was really glad he had locked it because if not, there would have been another traumatized Sam situation.
"Cas, I can figure this out on my own" Dean protested, trying to ignore the heat in his face when Cas' hands moved too close to his ass. As soon as they made it home, Cas was ordering him around, and currently, the angel was helping Dean into a pair of sweatpants. Cas hadn't really seen Dean naked, even half-naked, before, so this was already awkward without Cas touching his thighs, his face getting dangerously close to Dean's dick. Luckily, he was able to keep himself calm enough to not get a hard on while Cas was helping him, but it took a lot of effort.
"To keep you safe, of course," Dean answered truthfully. Cas smiled again, bigger this time. It was so beautiful to see him smile, especially because he hadn't smiled much when Dean first met him. This was a new development and Dean didn't like to boast, but he was pretty sure he was one of the main reasons for Cas' happiness. Cas was his reason, anyways, so it was only right to assume the same for the angel.
"I asked what you wanted to know," Cas repeated, his voice low and somehow intimate. "Do you want me to start from the beginning?"
"It's more than that," Dean replied, hoping to convey his support so Kaia didn't feel cornered. "She loves you. She was a mess."
"There you go," Dean mumbled, reaching up to card a hand through Cas' hair again, slowly rocking them back and forth. "I've got you," he continued. Cas took deep breaths, like Dean showed him in the parking lot at school. For a long time, they just stood there in each others arms. Eventually, Dean started to pull away, but Cas was reluctant to let go of him. "You gonna be alright if I leave you here alone?" Dean asked, a hint of teasing in his voice.
Carefully, and without waking Cas, Dean untangled himself from the angel’s heavy limbs and quietly slid out from under the covers. He winced as the floor creaked under his feet, but Cas didn’t move an inch. Dean waited a few seconds just to make sure he was in the clear, then continued moving across the room. He left his duffle in the closet to hide it from Sam, so he snuck across the room and tried to carefully open the closet door. He grabbed his bag successfully, swinging it over his shoulder as he moved across the dark room. He thought he was in the clear, but before he could make it to the door, he tripped over a pair of shoes and went flying into the closed door.
“Ah, fuck, Cas,” Dean gasped, his hips reacting involuntarily to the sudden attention. Cas smirked against Dean’s stomach, pressing another warm kiss below Dean’s bellybutton. His hand moved lazily under the fabric of Dean’s underwear, the friction a little uncomfortable, but nothing compared to the absolute bliss of Cas touching him. “Castiel, please,” Dean mumbled, asking for more, but of what, he wasn’t sure. He wanted Cas to keep touching him just as much as he wanted Cas to fuck him
"Oh," Charlie remarked, waving him off with an awkward laugh. "That's my bad, Dean. I shouldn't have assumed. It's just. . . the way you guys act, I thought-" she cut herself off, giving Dean a reassuring smile. "That's my bad," she repeated, shrugging nonchalantly. "But my advice still stands for friendships."
Eventually, Jo broke the silence with a small sigh, causing Dean to glance at her questioningly. She smiled, folding her hands together in her lap. “Do you know what you’re going to tell him?” she wondered, her voice soft and comforting.
"Potentially," he answered, heart thumping. Why was he so scared to tell her the truth? That he couldn't possibly be interested in her that way. Not that he was against dating women, because he loved women. They were hot and smelled nice and overall just great. But Castiel. . . that damn angel. Dean couldn't stop thinking about those blue eyes, the same color as the tie tucked safely in the side of his bag. Those strong hands and how they felt in his own. The way he couldn't sleep without Dean by his side.
“Dean, the rules,” Sam argued, slowly pushing himself to stand up. Dean could see how weak his illness made him. There was no way Sam would make it through a supply run with the undead on their tails, no matter how quiet it was out there. “You should know better, you made them. We don’t go out there alone,” Sam said, using Dean’s own words against him. He was good at that.
“What’s goin’ on?” she asked, as if she already knew.
Dean had completely zoned out, absentmindedly eating his food as the others talked around him. He only snapped back to the conversation when he realized Jack was talking about him. “-and then Dean swung this knife and the monster’s head flew off! And he killed three of them that way, and then he fixed Castiel’s head when it was bleeding.” The praise was sweet, really, but Dean didn’t feel like he deserved it. He didn’t kill those vampires to be considered a hero, but in Jack’s eyes, that was what he was. Cas looked amused by Jack’s story, though, so Dean let him continue. “I want to learn how to fight like Dean and Castiel,” he was saying as Sam and Cas watched him with soft smiles.
“Angels?” Sam doubted, shaking his head in disbelief. Dean was in the same boat. Cas had been talking about God earlier, but Dean thought it was just jokes. He didn’t think there was actually a God, or angels for that matter. Demons were real, so he supposed it could be true, but even so, why had he never met an angel before now?
Claire glanced at Dean, the hint of worry still on her face. There was a lot going on, despite Kaia’s safety. Claire knew that as well as Dean, but she clearly didn’t want to worry her mom. “Yeah, everything’s okay now,” Claire nodded, offering a small smile before stepping away from Jody’s hold.
“We’re fine, Dean,” Cas cut him off, his voice calm and steady. It reminded Dean that Cas didn't need him, that he was intruding on them when they were just trying to get back to living their life. Dean felt guilty, but he couldn't stop himself from caring, even if he didn't know why. “You’ve already done so much for us. You really didn’t have to come check on us. I’m sure it took you hours to get here, and now you have to drive back.”
“He’s after Charlie?” Sam demanded, jumping away from where he was leaning against the tree listening to Dean and Crowley talk. “We have to go!”
"You don't know what happened," Dean cut him off, his chest tightening. "There's a reason I never talk about it, Sam. I don't want to.
Dean planned on joining Cas in bed soon, but he wasn't tired enough to turn in for the night, so he busied himself organizing their books, games, and everything else they kept in the kitchen and living room. In the middle of putting away all of the cards they had left out, there was a knock on the front door.
Dean froze, only for a moment, letting that sink in. She knew their name. "How the hell did you know that?" he demanded, gripping Sammy's arm, as if that would protect him from these stalkers. Jody put her hands up in defense, taking a step back. Dean felt the urge to run, even if that meant leaving all of their belongings here.
After about a minute, the door creaked open slowly, revealing a young woman with dark hair and soft features. Dean had never met this girl before and didn't even know Jody had another daughter. He assumed this girl was Jody's daughter, anyways. She looked older than Claire, but not by much. He quickly got over his confusion and flashed his biggest smile, holding up a hand in greeting. "Hi, my name is Dean. I'm here to see Claire," he explained, waiting for the girl to move out of the way and let him in.
“Don’t be a bitch,” Dean chuckled, ignoring the pain shooting through his arm as he dragged himself to his feet. “Ketch almost saw me, I had no choice.” Okay, so maybe he could have handled it a little better, but he didn’t think. He just knew he had to get out of the window before he was caught.
A look of realization flashed over the girl's features and she seemed to relax a little. "You're like, his uncle, or whatever, right?" she asked, and Dean only nodded, because what the hell else could he be? "So he sent you over to talk to Claire. . . because why?" She seemed unimpressed, but Dean didn't blame her. Why should she believe that Dean could be of any help? This girl didn't know anything about him.
"Come see our place," Jody suggested, still calm, her words almost inviting. Dean didn't buy it, but she must have seen it in his eyes. She smiled and it looked sincere, but Dean couldn't be too safe. "You don't have to stay, but I really think you should check it out. Please, Dean?" she asked, catching him off guard when she said his name.
Dean nodded as a reply, gesturing for them to follow him. He pointed at Sam before he took them down the hall, giving his brother a serious look. “You get back to bed, Sammy. You need rest if you’re going to get any better.”
After way too long to be considered normal of staring, Cas finally sat back on his heels, noticing Dean right away. He raised an eyebrow, their eyes meeting for a moment before Cas smiled. "Were you just admiring my rear?" he asked teasingly.
Cas hesitated, licking his lips like he always did when he was nervous. He picked up on that from Dean, but now he did it all the time. "The other day," Cas explained. "When you asked me. . . you asked me if I wanted a romantic relationship with you." Dean didn't speak- he couldn't speak. His mouth had gone dry, his head spinning, his chest unbelievably tight. This was the moment he'd been waiting for, but dreading at the same time. "I lied, Dean. I want that. I want you."
Charlie promised to look at his arm after two weeks to determine if that would be long enough for his arm to heal. He'd been testing it out a little, trying to dress himself and move his arm a little here and there. The pain he felt two weeks ago had subsided almost completely, but the muscles were still very sore when he moved too fast or far. He was praying he could get out of the stupid thing for at least a few hours a day. Not that he didn't love spending his days with Cas and Charlie, but he felt the itch for a good hunt coming on and he needed to get back out there. Not to mention, his dad had been hounding him about it. He even tried to get Dean to come on a supply run because "it wouldn't be dangerous at all" but Cas quickly shut that idea down, despite John's evil glare towards him. Charlie backed Cas up and that was the only reason John let it go.
"These look like they'd fit," Cas observed, ignoring Dean's insult completely. Dean didn't even look at his, knowing there was no way in hell he'd be putting on a pair of dress pants. That was far from his idea of fun. Dean continued rummaging through the ties, admiring each one for their different designs and fabrics. He heard Cas walking up behind him, just as his eyes landed on a striped tie with different shades of blue. The same colors Cas had in his eyes. The colors Dean couldn't help but notice every time they ended up staring at one another, which happened way more than it should have. "Humor me, Dean," Cas was saying, his voice softer now that they were inches apart.
"We'll try," Sam answered, waving Dean and Cas out the door. This was it. The end of the line. They had to get John, or everything they had endured lately was for nothing. Dean couldn't decide if he was nervous, or just glad it was almost over.
“How?” Dean croaked, tears pricking his eyes. He didn’t want to cry, but this was the first time he had told anybody about his feelings for Cas. It was the first time he’d really talked about his sexuality in ten years, unless you counted what Charlie assumed on her own. Dean hadn’t had this kind of emotional talk since he confided in Bobby all those years ago. It was hard to relive it. “If my dad ever found out, Cas could get hurt. I don’t want anything to happen to him.”
"Which is why you were the last resort," Dean teased as they sat down at the table.
"I like it," Cas smiled, staring down at the tie again, as if Dean had just given him the greatest gift of all time. They stood there for what felt like a long time, but Dean may have just been imagining that. Dean didn't know what to say, or how to explain that intimate moment they just shared. Maybe Cas though nothing of it, but Dean knew it was weird, he just couldn't bring himself to feel guilty. "Dean, we should probably head back if we-" Cas started, cut off abruptly as Dean clamped a hand over his mouth, the sound of heavy footsteps catching his attention.
"Damnit, Cas," he exhaled, but it was a good kind of noise, so Cas did it again, this time sucking a little harder as Dean groaned and writhed under Cas' weight. "Fuck, Cas, come on," Dean mumbled, gasping a little louder with each flick of Castiel's tongue against his sensitive nipple. Finally, Cas gave in, mouthing farther down Dean's torso, trailing light fingers down Dean's sides until he was at the waistband of Dean's pants. Carefully, he undid the button and pulled the zipper down, painfully slow, watching as Dean cringed and bucked his hips up, wanting more. "Please, need to feel you," Dean complained, hands twisting into the sheets of Cas' bed.
"Dean," Cas' voice rumbled, making Dean jump as he hadn't even heard the guy walk into the room. He turned around to face the angel, leaning back against the counter. Cas stood there casually, arms at his side, just his normal stoic expression on his face. "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you in front of your brother. I saw how red your face was-"
“Mm, Dean, come back,” Cas whined, but Dean was pretty sure the guy was still sleeping. He hadn’t opened his eyes since Dean first knelt down beside him. Dean chuckled, running a gentle thumb over Cas’ bottom lip, thinking about how he was definitely going to be doing that again tomorrow, when Cas was actually awake enough to know what was happening.
“The neighborhood is great,” he complimented, genuinely, but still stern. “And I’m learning a lot here.” His eyes flitted over to Dean, to the pristine white bandage covering his arm, then back to Dean’s eyes. With a slightly red face, Dean looked away, staring at the floor.
"Dean?" Cas asked after ten minutes of silence, their feet scraping the concrete the only noise filling the air. Dean didn't want to talk, fearing his voice would betray him somehow. Instead, he glanced at Cas as they walked, an eyebrow raised in question. Cas glanced down, but Dean didn't understand what he was looking at. Dean's hands? That couldn't be it. Maybe his bags. "Dean, do you remember when you put stitches in my head two months ago, after the first vampire attack?" he continued, his voice warmer than usual.
“Your date with Jo didn’t go well?” Charlie asked, sanitizing her hands as she moved to sit on the end of the bed, facing Dean with a curious look on her face. “I just saw her this morning and she didn’t mention anything.”
Dean readjusted until his arm was wound tight around Jo’s shoulders, pulling her closer in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “We haven’t talked like this all week,” he said softly, glancing at her with a warm smile. “How did it go? Did you tell her?”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas mumbled, barely coherent. His eyes were still closed, his cheek pressed up against the pillow as he turned to lay on his stomach. “It’s okay,” Cas repeated, wrinkling his nose while half asleep. Dean smiled at the adorable reaction, gently touching his thumb to Cas’ forehead, anything to be closer to him.
In Dean's silence, Jo took the opportunity to tease him some more. "I assume you know what lube is, right?" she asked, laughing at his embarrassed expression. "I mean, I know it's been over a decade since you've been laid, but-"
Dean started driving, one hand on the wheel as he wrapped his other arm around Cas’ shoulders to hold him closer. “I’m perfect,” he answered, kissing the top of the angel’s head to reassure him. “I was just thinking about how much I love this car. It’s always been my one true home, since we always lived out of shitty motel rooms when we were kids.”
“M’ sorry,” Dean promised, smoothing his hand through Cas’ hair as an apology. Cas licked his lips, his hand still around Dean’s cock, stroking steadily as Dean gasped softly. “P-Please, Cas, keep going,” he begged, his eyes wild. Cas smirked, satisfied with Dean’s apology as he leaned back in and wrapped his lips around Dean again. Dean held his breath to keep the loud moan he knew was inevitable from coming out.
“Boys, what a nice surprise,” Ellen greeted them with a smile. “We were just about to go to dinner if you want to join us.”
"Since last night," Dean answered, eyes landing on Cas as he spoke, hoping to convey to Cas that he could sit down next to Dean. Standing around like that was getting a little awkward. He gestured for Cas to come closer, kicking out the chair next to him, only looking away once he sat down.
going to enjoy it. It's going to be
"I didn't ask them," Jack replied with a slight shrug. "Claire and Kaia spend most of their time together, sometimes without me. Usually they'll invite me if they want me there," he shared. He didn't seem bothered by it, so Dean didn't push. "I like hanging out with you, Dean. We haven't gotten to talk much since we got here. You and Cas spend a lot of time together."
They both shook their head no, Cas with that same stern look on his face, but Jack looked traumatized. “Just a few gashes from fighting, but no bites,” Cas said, wincing as he touched an open wound on his forehead.
Right. “Yeah, I think Cas and I are going to knock off,” Dean says, looking over to Ellen. “If you can muddle on without us.”
looking at each other, and maybe Dean has been too cavalier about this. He’d known, in an abstract way, that there was a chance they wouldn’t get along at first. But God, they’re barely acknowledging each other. Castiel has a tight frown slowly pulling his eyebrows in, and Sam is just staring blankly at the screen in front of him. What the fuck happened? When the fuck had there been time for
“I mean, they both fall under ‘some assembly required,’” Dean says, reaching past him to pop open the medicine cabinet. “Maybe we shouldn’t get one this year. At least, not a big one. Obviously there’s plenty of room, just not in the rooms we’ve finished. I can probably get a mini-tree with the lights already on for thirty bucks.”
Charlie swings by with about the same steadiness as Dean, but going much, much faster. “Isn’t this fun?” she yells, wavering dangerously. “Anna! You’re so good!”
And on that painfully obvious jab, she turns and glides away.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s bottle of water has gone tepid, anyway, so he sighs loudly from his place on the couch. “I guess I could get up, stretch my legs. Anybody else?”
“I’m leaving,” Victor says, already slinging his bag over his shoulder and pushing his chair in. “I’m parked on a snow route and about to get towed if I don’t. See you morons next week.”
“It’s barely warm,” Castiel comments when Dean gets back, but he cradles it in both hands and sips while pointing out the various treasures he’s uncovered— wreaths so brittle they dissolve in a firm grip, old, enormous bows made of stiff organza and real silk, glass ornaments with fabric rosettes gone dull with time. Rosie insinuates herself into the process, and the two of them work to keep her away from ancient tinsel and shiny metal ornament hooks while they continue to excavate.
Castiel pulls away slightly to stare at him. “What photos?”
“This argument is becoming unproductive,” Castiel says with a pat for Nabokov, who seems perfectly happy to rearrange herself against Dean’s bicep. Rosie gets draped over his other shoulder like a long, furry bandolier. “And the longer you argue, the longer we’ll have to wait for Sam to be finished. Yes?”
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com
survive?”
“Dean,” Sam says with a wince, like
“I don’t know, El, Jo seemed a little attached to that pie,” Bobby drawls.
Ellen snorts and waves her empty beer. “How will we
“I want to throw that ladder and you with it into the
“Yes,” Castiel says firmly, tipping his head into Dean’s palm.
“You know, I miss this guy,” Dean says, bending over to kiss the tiger right between its furious yellow eyes. “Hardly ever get to see him in daylight anymore.”
