"Fuck you," Dean grits out, a new wave of panic flooding through him.
“S-sorry,” he mumbles, “didn’t expect it to be so loud.” Dean smiles at him, squeezing his hand.
“Don’t be rude,” his father lectures him.
Sam echoes incredulously.
Dinner is somber that night. Even Meg seems genuinely sad that Cas will be leaving the next day. It doesn’t, however, stop her from making as many inappropriate comments as she can fit in in the time she has left.
Dean drops Sammy off at Ruby’s house on the way home, watching as Sam slips the small bottle he had given him into his backpack.
“What… why is he in danger?”
“Oh.”
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean says a little louder than he means to.
“Hmm,” Pam says, considering this, crossing her arms over her chest. After a moment, she sighs. “Dean, I can do Cas, but Sammy’s just too young.” Sam’s relief is palpable, but Dean opens his mouth to protest.
“Oh, and you forgot this,” Dean says, holding out the iPod.
you in a relationship?” Dean snorts.
thing we wanted was to have some lunatic’s hands all over our son,” he spits disgustedly. “What is his name?”
“I just... can’t believe that no one’s ever kissed you.” Dean’s words ring in Cas’s ears, and he can’t fully believe he’s heard them correctly.
“Ahh!” Cas gasps suddenly, and Dean jumps, startled.
he does.
“Nah, you don’t owe me anything. Besides, Sam promised me a burger and beer if I’m good,” Dean laughs, winking at Cas. “Said he wants to talk ‘brother to brother,’ anyway,” he adds, “though I’m a little afraid of whatever that means.”
“Feel… feel like I can’t breathe,” Cas manages eventually. Gently, Dean pulls Cas’s hand from his damp face, holding it tightly.
“Sure,” Cas says, sounding a little surly, and Dean gives him a funny look.
“Well, long-story-short, Cas got wasted one night, tried to kiss me, I rejected him, fucked everything up as usual, and he ran off. I tracked him down, one thing led to another, and here we are. Happy?”
Dean crawls slowly down Castiel’s body, nipping and kissing his chest, sucking hard on one of his nipples, eliciting a soft moan.
“Sure thing,” Dean replies, getting up and walking to the mini fridge. “Take it easy at first though, with the booze, Cas. Don’t wanna get you sick or something. Doc might frown on drinking too much right away.”
"Hey, sexy," she purrs and Dean rolls his eyes
“Fine,” Dean grumbles, “need a burger and a beer.”
“How long did it take before you knew you really liked Cas?” Sam inquires after another stretch of silence.
“A couple, or whatever… together.”
really cool, by the way. It’s so cool you fixed it up all by yourself. I wouldn’t even know where to begin.” Dean grins, unable to stop the blush from creeping up his neck and into his cheeks.
“Yeah,” Cas nods again, “I am.” Then Dean steps out the retrieve the hydrogen peroxide and give Cas a chance to undress in private. When he returns, Cas is lying on his belly with a sheet pulled up to his waist.
“Yeah, a little,” Castiel answers, pushing his food around with his fork more than actually eating it.
“It’s gonna be ok, man. Sammy and I will help you get the hang of things while we figure out how to fix this,” Dean assures him. “You got this,” he adds, thumping Cas gently on the back as he stands again.
fucking turn-on. And then Cas’s whole body spasms, and he jerks forward, clinging to Dean like a life preserver as he comes harder than he ever has, spilling into Dean’s hand.
“I like everything you’re doing,” Cas replies softly. Dean grins wolfishly, returning to Cas’s belly, pressing kisses to the scant trail of dark hair leading from his navel down past his waistband. Dean’s hands are firm but gentle, grasping Cas’s waist, sliding down to his hips, his thumbs massaging the bony prominence of his pelvis that peaks above his pants. Eventually, Dean’s fingers find the front of Cas’s jeans and begin working at the button and zipper. At Dean’s urging, Cas lifts his hips so Dean can slide his pants down over his ass, slipping them down his legs before tossing them aside. Cas feels he can hardly breathe as he then watches Dean remove his own jeans, revealing his full arousal, straining against the confines of his boxer briefs.
Dean slams on the brakes in front of the emergency department entrance. He hardly waits for the car to stop before jumping out and wrenching the back door open. A group of hospital personnel help drag the limp body out of the back of the Impala, laying him out on a stretcher.
"Plenty of time for that tonight," Dean assures as Cas slumps back onto the bed. Dean can't help but notice the erection clearly visible in Cas's pants, and grins to himself.
“So, you’ll take me back when I get outta here, whenever that is?” Dean asks hopefully.
” Dean swears, unable to contain his anger. “That’s what he told you?” Sam nods. “He lied. I would never leave you, Sammy. Truth is, he kicked me out.”
on account of “they’re classics,” but the next day found Cas curled up watching
"I've done a pretty piss poor job of that recently. Obviously; I'm here," Dean says darkly.
Every stroke of the belt hurts more than the last, and Cas finds himself biting into his blanket to keep from screaming; he won't give his uncle that satisfaction, or Anael for that matter if she can hear any of this through the wall. He balls his fists in the sheets, his knuckles white, unsure how much more he can take before he passes out. His uncle doesn't seem like he is going to stop before he draws blood.
me.” Dean’s breath catches for a moment, and then he has Cas against the wall, kissing him hungrily, pressing their bodies together wantonly. The little gasping sounds Cas makes between kisses drives Dean crazy, wanting more, like he can’t get this going fast enough. At the same time, though, he wants to savor this evening, drag things out nice and slow, take his time making Cas melt in his arms.
“Hi, Sam,” Cas replies just as there is a knock on the door. Sam darts to the door, a little crestfallen when it’s the pizza guy and not Ruby, but Dean is thrilled, paying the guy and grabbing a piece before he’s even set the box down in the kitchen.
“Deeean!” Sam whines, his cheeks turning red, and Cas smiles again, though feeling a little sad inside, wishing he had a sibling with whom he were so close.
“We’ll figure this out, angel,” Dean assures him, caught between the part of himself that realizes how serious the situation is and the part that can’t stop laughing at the description of himself and his car. The whole situation is steeped in utterly ridiculous hilarity, not to mention how sorta badass being “wanted” is. But no, this is bad; Cas is right, Dean reminds himself.
“Please don’t say alcohol,” Castiel replies dryly.
“I’m not fucking around, Sam!” Dean shouts again, scrambling out of bed toward him.
“I truly enjoyed spending today with you,” Cas says quietly, pulling Dean toward himself gently. Dean stiffens, as Cas has noticed he usually does at the start of any physical contact, but then allows Cas to wrap his arms around him. Castiel inhales slowly, Dean’s scent flooding his senses, and he doesn’t want to let go. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, willing away the panic that is threatening to take hold as usual whenever contact with Cas feels too damn good, too fucking right. He can do this. Cas is his friend - his best friend, really, and he can hug his fucking friend, and -
“Well, that’s kinda sweet,” Sam says, “fucking disturbing, but sweet.”
Castiel’s heart hammers as Dean leans in close, bringing his hands up to cradle Cas’s face tenderly. Cas feels the light scratch of Dean’s stitches against his cheek as Dean’s thumbs, roughened by scrapyard work, brush lightly over his skin. And then Dean’s lips are against his, soft but firm, confident, as though Dean knows
“Was… was that good for you, Dean?” Cas asks shyly, and Dean huffs a surprised breath.
When Dean ultimately gives in to the emotion overtaking him, he leans his back against the wall and slides to a seat on the floor. He surrenders to the damn tears and lets them run down his cheeks, wiping his nose now and again on his jacket sleeve. He is startled when his phone begins to ring in his pocket. He scrambles for it and flips it open.
“I dunno... I think... maybe?” Dean sighs, rubbing his face with both hands. “He just... he makes me feel different. Like, good about myself. And I worry about him, ‘cause I know stuff is pretty hard for him sometimes, and I wanna... I want to protect him.”
In Dean’s arms, Cas breathes a contented sigh, snuggling closer, warding off the slight chill in the air. Dean holds Cas securely, and as
“Then we won’t let it come to that,” Dean says seriously, turning off the highway onto a familiar road. It’s where he had taken Cas before, after they had dropped Sam off at school. That seems so long ago now.
“Not men, just Cas. So I guess I’m gay for Cas, okay?”
. Slowly, Castiel rolls onto his back, pulling at Dean’s arms and shoulders, making it obvious that he wants Dean on top of him. As he obliges, Dean wonders for a moment if Cas wants to be fucked by him, but he can’t quite let his mind go there, not yet.
“No. No, Dean. I’ll be fine.” But Castiel begins coughing again. Covering his mouth with his hand, he attempts to hide the fact that blood is dripping more steadily from his mouth, and now from his nose.
"Hey, Cas," Dean struggles as his voice shakes, "it's Dean. I uh, don't know if you can hear me, but if you're in there and you can hear me,
“From what I just read, it seems like you’re going through withdrawal. That’s not the kind of medication you can just stop taking cold-turkey. Were you on a high dose?”
“No, Cas! I was just teasing!” Sam assures him then, “though I’ll admit, it’ll take some getting used to. Not in, like, a bad way,” he rushes to add, “ it’s just… damn, not something I
? How can you think about showing back up here after what you did to Sammy?”
“Thanks, Dean,” Cas responds, weak but heartfelt.
"I'm powerless, pathetic, and you know it. I can't even control my body, Dean! Look at it! I can't even stop its shaking." Only now does Dean realize how cold Castiel must be.
particular terrain still feels a little too foreign, a little too terrifying. And, after all, they had agreed to go slow, an agreement Dean feels they’re already playing pretty fast and loose with.
“Nothing, just a hospital thing,” Dean says.
- The Who
it’s what I want.”
“I uh, I’m not sure,” Sam answers, forcing himself to more closely examine his brother’s lifeless body. “His arms, I think.” A closer inspection reveals horizontal cuts that run up and down the insides of both of Dean’s forearms. Many of them are not fresh. Sam will never forgive himself for failing to notice them before.
“You brought the hotel bedding out onto the beach,” he laughs briefly.
“Yes. It is nearly impossible to remove an angel’s grace completely. It’s difficult to explain, but it’s like the grace tears instead of coming out whole, leaving small traces behind.  It’s possible that the small traces of grace are helping my body heal even though there is not enough grace for me to feel or use.” Cas stares at his hands as he speaks, his tone somber.
The next time he opens his eyes the first light of dawn is just beginning to illuminate his room. His arms and chest are stinging, and he realizes that his bandages are partially torn from his arms. There are scratches all over his chest, and new marks on his arms. Scabs have been torn open, and his bedding is blood-stained. None of that matters to him now though; Cas is leaving, and Dean needs to see him once more.
“Sunset,” is all Dean says, and he pats the hood of the Impala next to where he is leaned up against it, beckoning to Cas. Castiel complies, halfway between sitting on and leaning against the car next to Dean. In front of them, Mt. Hood looms large, jutting sharply into the sky when viewed from the east. The sun is setting, and shades of pinks and oranges play over the patches of freshly fallen snow on the mountain’s slopes.
"Sammy's
“Heh, thanks. Sorry I can’t say the same about you,” Dean teases, “you get any sleep last night?”
“Damn, Cas, ready to go again already?” Dean grins, cocking an eyebrow.
In the morning, Castiel's eyes flutter open just as the morning light is beginning to filter into their room. He is comfortably tucked up against Dean's warm body, and he smiles to himself, still unable to fully believe that this is happening. Dean
“Oh, oh fuck,” Cas gasps, and Dean grips him even tighter, slamming into him even harder, and then Cas is spasming, crying out Dean’s name, coming harder than he had thought was humanly possible, spurting between their chests, getting as far as his chin.
“What?” Sam asks innocently before furrowing his brow, "you
“Well, the guy was acting insane, like speaking in tongues, and when he did speak in English is was filthy, like sexual, but with a bunch of death threats thrown in. He was a small dude, and Benny had the guy’s arms pinned behind his back as Pam did the ritual. Benny’s a big guy, but he could barely keep this dude under control. And the guy’s eyes were
“Well, fuck,” Dean says, “guess I’m glad I’m human after all.” Cas rolls his eyes and shakes his head again, smiling.
"Thanks, Doc," Dean says as she leaves. Leah is a little less perky as they continue and she draws Cas's blood into a handful of different colored tubes. All the while, Cas looks at Dean, blue eyes filled with anxiety.
“What? What’s wrong?” Dean says urgently, dropping everything.
“Oh,” Cas states, his mind wiped blank.
“Can you tell me more about him?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, eyeing her skeptically, “why? What’s it to you?”
"Barf, guys, I'm
"C' mon, Cas!" he calls, "kick your shoes off and get out here!" Castiel sighs, glancing back at the bed.
“It’s probably time for these though,” Dean says as he leans over the side of the bed to rummage through the bag he’d hurriedly packed. He pulls out a pill bottle and a bottle of water, handing them to Cas. Dean sits up, leaning against the headboard, sighing happily.
“Sometimes those are the best days,” Dean replies.
“I don’t think I’m strong enough! And my hands are too sweaty!” Cas cries out, clearly terrified.
“I love you too,” Cas replies quietly, smiling. Slowly, Dean pulls out and rolls to Castiel’s side. Immediately, Cas misses the feeling of having Dean
“You expect me to explain WiFi to Cas?” Dean asks skeptically.
“Yes…ahhhh...Yes, Dean, very much,” Cas moans in reply, somehow able to sound businesslike even while receiving a handjob.
instead?” he spits in Cas’s direction. Cas is used to being verbally shit on, but this remark hurts, touching on his misgivings, his fear that maybe Dean will tire of him, that he’ll miss women too much. “What the fuck is wrong with you, Dean?”
Leah looks utterly confused, her fingers motionless on the keyboard. Dean takes a deep breath and sighs.
“Mijo, can you stand? Are you hurt anywhere else?”
“No, shit. Harvard? Wow. What are you doing talking to me?” Dean jokes.
weird. Sometimes I wish I was an orphan,” he adds dryly.
“No, Sammy, it wasn’t. You have as much right to yell as anyone,” Dean says, anger at their father seeping from his pores. “He has no right to touch you. Tell me what he did.” And Sam tells him the whole story.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean nearly chokes, “that’s alright. Happens to everyone… usually when they’re teenagers…” He stumbles over his words, suddenly painfully awkward. Castiel came in his pants like a fucking teenager, and now they’re having a goddamn conversation about it, and it’s too freakin’ real for Dean. He wants to get up and run, but he can’t. They’re somewhere on the side of a mountain in the middle of the night, it’s goddamn freezing, and Dean’s not about to run into the woods half naked or kick Cas out of the car and take off. No, he’s stuck here with Castiel and what they have just done. Suddenly, Castiel’s hand is at the front of Dean’s jeans, where Dean is obviously still hard.
As they pull up to the outpatient clinic at the bottom of the hill the hospital sits on, Dean glances over at Castiel and catches the renewed look of anxiety on the man’s face.
, shut up, angel,” Dean says quietly. It has hardly been two minutes, but Castiel already feels as though he could come at any moment; he tries not to, because he knows humans have a
“Uh, sorry, Sammy,” he stammers, “it, uh, won’t happen again.”
Suddenly, Dean is alive again, coughing and choking, his limbs thrashing, struggling against the medics who attempt to hold him still enough to start an IV and keep an oxygen mask on his face.
“Aggressive, huh?” Dean asks.
"I know; I did a shit job of showing it. I'm so sorry."
“Cas,” Dean says, still holding him tightly, “I’m not gonna abandon you. I promise you that, okay?”
“Yeah, but I can tell he’s sick of all of it, and can you blame him?” Dean kicks his boots off and flops down on his bed.
The next day Dean goes out for a few hours while Cas is napping. When he returns, however, Cas is not napping, but instead, sitting up in bed with a box of tissues and the final minutes of
“Welcome, Dean,” Garth says, “and who do you like to listen to?”
“Sammy, I’m so sorry,” Dean whispers. “S’ gonna be okay,” he tries to reassure him. He reaches for Sam’s hand, discovering in the process that his wrists are bound by soft restraints. The realization sends a fresh influx of fear through him, reality demanding to make itself known. But Sam crawls over the bed rail, all gangly knees and elbows and too-long legs, the awkward body of a thirteen-year-old. He curls up against Dean’s side, an arm flung over his chest. Dean groans in pain and surprise but relishes Sam’s essence, letting it seep into him, wishing he could twine his arms gently around his trembling little brother.
use protection, right?" Dean scratches the back of his neck, looking anywhere but at Sam. “Dean! You always lectured me about that growing up!”
“Nah, Cas, you’re sweet,” Dean says softly, “you ever held one before?”
“Yeah,” Sam affirms, nodding against Dean’s chest and finally relinquishing his death-grip. “Great,” he adds, beaming up at his brother.
"What? You gonna torture
“What do you mean, angel?” Dean asks concernedly.
“Oh, uh, no,” Cas stutters, “no dating
"At some point, trying just won't cut it anymore, and then what!?"
“Yeah, I guess so,” Dean answers, stepping up beside Cas. “Did you ever feel that way… well, before everything?”
“Oh, so he’s crazy too? That’s fuckin’ perfect.”
“Castiel, welcome back!” Zachariah greets them at the doorway with a smile that makes Castiel’s skin crawl.  Cas stares at the floor, silent.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Can’t complain. Shop’s doin’ good, lots of work lately. Just put the finishing touches on Benny’s sleeve. Haven’t seen your ass in here for a while, though,” she says.
“You’re sort of a lightweight, aren’t you Cas?” Dean laughs.
“Of course. I’ve just… no one’s ever cared about it before. Well, except Missouri, and Gabe, before he moved out.”
and it sucks, but Cas would rather watch a shitty movie with Dean than sit alone in his room like he usually does. Dean must feel the same, because he actually seems pretty happy, sitting next to Cas (“leaving room for Jesus," of course), leaning over now and again to make a snarky comment. Cas is admittedly sad when the credits roll and he and Dean have to part ways, wishing each other a good night before turning to enter their respective rooms.
“Not pathetic,” Dean corrects, “just seriously ridiculous; you’re amazing, Cas. I hope you’ll believe me someday.”
. Is he like crazy repressed, like a super religious chick?”
“Uh, no. Should I?”
“Shit,” Castiel breathes. “Can’t imagine what you’re going through. Both of you.” Cas so badly wants to reach out and take Dean’s hand, but he doesn’t. It isn’t allowed, but on top of that, he isn’t even sure Dean would want it.
“About a week, why?” Castiel replies shyly.
-The Who
When scenes from his youth crop up in his nightmares every now and again, however, they usually stem from one particular incident.
Anyway, enjoy! More coming soon!
“Uh, thirteen,” Sam answers, his cheeks tinging pink.
“And? Is that supposed to make it sound more appealing?” replies Sam.
you."
The truth is, Dean realizes, that despite the fact that he has looked death in the face on multiple occasions without batting an eye, when it comes down to having
As the miles creep by and his home draws nearer, Castiel can feel dread blooming in his chest. The silence in the car is deafening, but that’s alright, he can’t think of anything to say anyway.
"Ok, I suppose. I had to practice tying my shoes today. I guess it's something I'm supposed to have known how to do before. The woman seemed worried when I didn't know how."
"What? Anael
“Yeah?” Dean replies as he takes a long drink, considering Sam’s pink cheeks.
"Torture?" Meg laughs, "don't you think that's a little mellow dramatic?"
“Yeah, turns out the guy was some pioneer from around the same time as the Donner Party. The dude ate his freakin’ wife and kid too, only turns out
“Dean?” Cas asks after a few minutes of silence, “what happens if your dad comes back here?”
“True, plus I’m sure you guys used protection anyway.”
"It's her night off," the nurse answers, but you may return to your room."
"Ten."
So it'll probably be obvious that I have a hard on for the Columbia River Gorge, and pretty much Oregon in general, but I mean, it's freakin' beautiful. I've done the drive I describe in this chapter a few times in the past couple months (I even wrote some of this chapter at a brewery in Hood River, OR - well, I
“I know,” Sam says, “like you said earlier, people do terrible things sometimes.”
telling the truth about one thing,” Dean laughs softly.
“The answer is ‘no,’
“Dean,” he speaks in a trembling voice, “you know… I’ve chosen you…” Dean opens his mouth but he doesn’t know what to say. “Over the other angels, Dean…I don’t believe in them anymore.” Slowly, Dean feels a cold hand grasp his. He looks down to see the angel’s bloody hand on his. Dean takes it in his and holds it tightly. He doesn’t want to let go. He feels that if he lets go, Castiel will slip away from him forever.
“No, not really,” Sam answers, “but seriously, you should probably have it checked out if it’s broken.  I mean, you don’t want a permanently fucked up hand, do you?”
Something crashes into the back of Dean's legs as he stares out the window. He spins around to see a tired woman carrying a baby on one hip extending her hand to the small child staring up at him from where he had crashed.
"Were you seriously listening in that whole time?" Cas bursts out furiously.
"Yes, Cas! Yes, it would be so bad! Now, get the fuck up!" Dean pulls Castiel to his feet and practically drags him back toward the motel. Cas doesn't put up much of a fight, but if he did, Dean knows he has the upper hand now that Cas possesses only human strength.
"Hmm," Missouri replies skeptically. "Well, it's time for your group session."
This, he thinks, he can live with.
“Hey! When have I
“Love you too, Dean,” Castiel replies softly, running his fingers gently over Dean’s chest. By the time Sam walks out in his pajama pants, Cas has drifted to sleep, his face nuzzled into the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean, still awake, looks up just in time to catch Sam staring at them with a lopsided smile. He raises his eyebrows in a silent, “what?” to which Sam shrugs.
“The way I see it, it’s not stealing if it’s free anyway,” Dean retorts.
“Yeah! That okay?”
“Bye, Cas,” Sam says cheerily as they pause at the door. Cas smiles and wishes them luck, and the brothers are off.
“Castiel, is there anywhere you can go? Anywhere you would be safe?” María asks, taking his hand, her eyes once again filling with tears.
Castiel lays on his back, staring up into the dark. Soon, he can hear Dean snoring softly a couple feet away.  As much as he cares for Dean, he doesn’t really understand him at times. He doesn’t understand why Dean chooses to hide how much he cares from the rest of the world. He doesn’t understand why Dean is caring and protective one moment and irritable and hurtful the next. He finds himself missing how closely they had to lay in his hospital bed; he feels so alone now with Dean’s back to him. He wants to move closer, but he is afraid that he’ll wake him and he’ll be pissed off. Cas doesn’t want to be a burden.
"Oh," Dean replies, sounding a little let down, but he's mostly joking.
“‘M sorry,” he says quietly.
"Exactly. He is very lucky the wound isn't any deeper."
Dean uncovers him gingerly, and Cas is thankful that his face is hidden, buried in Dean’s pillow. The tears that have been rolling down his cheeks all morning aren’t about to stop now, with Dean staring at his torn-up ass.
Cas groans, his eyes wide and fearful when they roll up to fix on Dean.
you won’t fuck with them, and Cas will only take them as directed. I don’t wanna be responsible for you fucking yourself up.”
“You know how I feel about doctors and shit,” Dean grumbles.
Dean approaches the bed quietly. Cas is sleeping fitfully again, shaking and whimpering pitifully.
“Cas,” Dean begins, his voice rough and low, “I OD’ed on Oxy and Jack. I guess I fucked it up with too much whiskey, ‘cause I puked it up all over and didn’t die.
Castiel's condition doesn't change much the next day or the day after that. The doctors continue to be amazed by the seeming lack of organ damage exhibited by Cas's body given that he had all but bled out. Dean finds that difficult to take solace however as Cas is weaned off the sedatives and yet fails to wake up.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean says, and Castiel turns to look over his shoulder. “Thanks.”
"You can sleep next to me; there's enough room if I move over." Dean eyes the bed, and then the floor (his only other option), and then the bed again. It's only slightly wider than a twin, but still, compared to the tile floor...
"Nothing," Castiel answers, smiling, "I just never expected this would actually happen."
As the evening wears on, Sam continues buying rounds of drinks. He can’t remember the last time he’s seen Dean so happy. The beer seems to put Dean at complete ease, banishing any care he may have had about being seen as a couple with Cas. In fact, Sam can’t help pointing out the fact that it probably isn’t necessary to wrap your arms around a guy’s waist in order to “teach him how to play pool.”
“You think I’m sexy?” Cas gasps between kisses like he can’t quite believe it.
“So, how did you know that?”
“Goodnight, Cas.”
“It’s okay! We just want to be sure you’re comfortable,” Sara says as she draws up the medication and prepares to inject it into his IV. “I’m giving you morphine. It will probably make you sleepy, but you should feel a lot better.”
“Dean?” he hears a broken voice ask.
“You wanna call me a faggot? Go right the fuck ahead,” Dean shouts, “I gave up caring what you thought about me a long time ago, you worthless piece of shit.” Without warning, John’s fist slams hard into Dean’s cheekbone, sending him reeling, falling backward, Cas scrambling to his side, finally mostly dressed.
“I understand why people say that to each other now, even though no one can really know that; it feels nice to hear.” Cas is no longer crying, and Dean huffs, laughing softly.
"I know," Castiel says. He is frustrated and angry, but he is also saddened by the disappointment in her voice.
“Cas?” he says gently, “angel, wake up.” Immediately, Dean shakes his head at himself, at the nickname that just left his lips; it’s ridiculously stupid, he thinks, but he’ll probably find himself repeating it.
“Cas?” Dean says breathlessly, not quite able to believe Castiel was actually calling to talk to him.
“Sorry,” Dean says softly, pausing. “That hurt?”
"It's Cas... I'm at the hospital.''
“You say that, but you act like you’re ashamed. Why?” Castiel focuses his narrowed eyes on Dean.
“Don’t talk back to me! I asked you a question, now answer it. Don’t make me go through alternative channels.” Castiel cringes inside. He knows his family, and he knows what his father is threatening: legal action, making a formal complaint, blah, blah, blah. Castiel would fight back, but he doesn’t want to risk causing Missouri any trouble.
“But angels don’t sleep,” Dean says through gritted teeth. “Cas, what’s going on? You’ve been asleep for days.”
Dean finds Sam on a bench in the sun with a great view of the river below.
“I’m tired. May I go to my room?” Castiel asks quietly, and his father sighs.
“Huh?” Dean says groggily, rubbing his face as he sits up in bed. “Why are you tryin’ to reach him?”
"Oh c'mon Cas, I'm sure it's at least a
“He’s thirteen. He’s kinda goofy but also real smart. He’ll probably be a doctor or a lawyer or something when he grows up,” Dean explains with just a hint of a smile.
As Castiel is falling asleep against Dean again, Dean switches off the TV, instead scrolling through the music on Cas’s phone, playing
“Yes, Dean, it was. I don’t know that I can adequately describe in words exactly
“I’m…” Cas closes his eyes, pausing to assess the feelings in his body. “I’m exhausted.”
“Nice car,” Ruby says, and Dean grins. Maybe she’s not so bad.
“You worried about whether you’re gonna be big spoon or little spoon?” Sam teases, fed up with his brother’s surly mood.
He hadn’t understood how it had made him feel at the time, but now, Cas begins to think, maybe it was jealousy. No, it was
I think you’re smart enough to keep Meg from getting you into any sort of trouble,” she adds with a grin.
"Jesus, Cas, am I glad to hear from you," Dean says happily then.
"Um, have you heard of 'gay conversion therapy'?" Cas asks softly.
“I’m Anna,” says the painfully thin girl next to Becky. “My favorite movie is Garden State.” And so on. Castiel squirms as it’s almost his turn. The butterflies in his stomach feel more like Africanized bees at the moment. And then it’s his turn.
“Smells weird,” Sam says.
“That was Mom’s” Dean says as Cas turns the album over in his hands, looking as if he’s discovered the Holy Grail. “You can play it if you want.”
"Will you
“Oh, Sammy?” Dean laughs, “he’s my brother. Afraid your friend’s barking up the wrong tree there, though. Pretty sure he’s into chicks pretty exclusively.”
He’s never had another partner look at him the way Cas is now, so full of trust and something akin to awe. Dean is sure he doesn’t deserve it, but he’s gonna try his damndest to.
"Yep, that's me," Dean confirms.
smiles, slumping back against Dean and letting his eyes fall shut. He’s afraid Dean might blow up at him again if he pushes this too far, he knows he’s probably just asking to be hurt again, but being so close feels too good to pass up while it lasts. So he enjoys it for now: Dean’s presence, his scent, the warmth emanating from his body. And Dean enjoys it too, but that only serves to roil the warring emotions in his own head. Being like this, so close with Cas, it shouldn’t feel this goddamn natural, so damn good.
"Bullshit!" Meg counters, "why isn't he allowed back in your room?"
“You said I was awesome. Well, you’re awesome too,” Castiel explains, focused on his last piece of pizza.
“Do you believe in God?” Castiel asks next.
“Don’t tell Sam if it doesn’t survive…he bet I’d kill it before I got it to you.”
"Anyway, you guys make a super cute couple," Becky says, chipper as ever, "sorry Anna, looks like we've struck out!" And with that, the two girls wander off, Becky, no doubt, onto a whole new topic. Cas lets out a long, low sigh, afraid to even look at Dean, afraid that the next thing out of Dean's mouth will crush any hope that Castiel dares to harbor regarding him. But it doesn't.
“What do you mean, ‘really?’” Dean scoffs with a grin, “Of course. If Sammy told me he liked guys, I wouldn’t love him any less. I’m sure dad would keel over, but he’s a piece of shit anyway.”
“Woah, Cas, I know this is serious, but I promise, you’re life won’t be over,” Dean tries to calm him.
“Why would they do that?”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says for lack of anything better to say.
“Dean?” Castiel says so softly he isn’t even completely sure he said it at all.
“Oh, uh, I don’t know, really,” he stammers, “he’s just sorta always been there... after he killed our mom.” At this, Pam straightens up abruptly, eyeing him, before returning to her task.
"Everything, Castiel," Zachariah says coldly, and Cas forces himself to comply even though his heart is telling him to run for it, jump out the window do
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says in a tone that dares Sam to keep asking questions.
“Me neither, I guess,” Cas agrees, “but demons?” Dean sighs heavily, which only serves to pique Castiel’s curiosity.
"My parents are sending me away next week," Castiel sighs, and he suddenly sounds on the verge of tears.
"Oh for fuck's sake, Dean," John growled, "how many times do we gotta go over your fuckin' nightmares? I told you that shit ain't real; you gotta grow up."
“Night, Dean,” Cas murmurs.
Cas, and I’m nervous... but I
“Don’t you start throwin’ around accusations about shit you know nothing about.” John’s voice is steely cold, and Cas’s breath catches when the man gets in Dean’s face. The two are standing chest to chest as Cas watches in horror, petrified; he can hardly breathe.
“I...uh I may have made a mistake.”
“H-how did you know that?” she finally stammers, ducking to pick up the fallen syringe. Castiel bites his lip, thinking.
“Dean!?” the voice says, surprised, “what the hell happened, boy? I’ve been worried sick about you!”
“I... can’t...” Cas cries.
“I want the money upfront,” Dean demands once they’re facing each other.
“Never mind.”
"Dean! Wake up!"
“I don’t blame you,” she says conciliatorily, “he’s frickin’ hot. Have you talked to him?” Castiel sighs. She’s not going to drop this, apparently.
“I was only kidding,” Dean says with the hint of a grin, “well, mostly…”
,” he insists again, “Charlie, go back to the beginning of this part. Dean, just close your eyes and
"Okay, Dean," Cas chokes, " ... sorry."
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean murmurs breathlessly into his ear, his body pressed urgently against Castiel’s, hips rolling, pressing hard into Cas, “been wanting this all through dinner.” Dean’s breath against his neck sends tingles up and down Castiel’s spine, and he can’t help moaning as Dean drags his tongue up the side of his throat before nipping gently at his earlobe.
Cas doesn’t look good. He is still asleep when Dean returns, but he is shivering, and sweat shines on his brow. Dean tugs a blanket up over him gently so as not to wake him. Cas remains sleeping, but he moans softly, the sound stabbing at Dean’s chest. He has to admit it scares him some, seeing Castiel like this. Whenever Sammy is sick, Dean always knows what to do, but this? He just feels lost.
Omg I’m proud I updated again so soon! Super fluffy chapter, but hey! At least I’m writing....figured the guys could use a break from all the angst anyway....
"Yeah. No one around here can mind their own goddamn business, but it's really not a big deal. If anything, maybe it's for the best. If they think we're a couple or whatever, maybe the crazy chicks will leave me alone," Dean laughs.
“Yeah,” Dean answers for him when Cas fails to respond. Then Pam is cleaning his skin, the cold solution causing him to break out in goosebumps.
“Shit,” Dean says when he realizes the call must be about Castiel’s test results, cursing himself for having forgotten something so important. He raises the phone to his ear with some trepidation as Cas climbs into the car. Gradually, he relaxes as he listens.
“Dean, you didn’t get us into anything; the mess just sorta happened. Seriously, if you hadn’t ‘kidnapped’ me, I’d be in fucking
Missouri just shakes her head and crosses the hall to Dean's room, shutting the door behind her.
“But seriously, no,” Dean says. “Never seen any proof of ‘God’ or angels or any of that shit.”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, “it is getting a little cold.”
At last, they are ready. Dean feels a thrill as he turns the key in the ignition and pops in a Zeppelin mixtape, cranking the volume.
“I just feel so fucking damaged, so broken, like something dirty, like there’s nothing I can do to fix it or make myself clean again,” Cas murmurs.
"Hey, Cas, that's comic gold!" Dean jokes, laughing, "now hurry up!"
I have been too busy having sex with women.”
“What about you? When are you gonna get out?” Cas asks.
“Oh,” Cas says, looking relieved, “I’ve taken that before. That would really help, I think.”
“I’ll be right here,” Dean answers.
“Yeah? As I recall, you were locked up at the time, too fuckin’ weak to handle real life. They shoulda kept you. I mean, look at you: still fuckin’ crazy. And now you’ve decided you’re a fuckin’ faggot; and ain’t that just the cherry on top?”
“Sam said we have to stop here. You up for a little walk, Cas?”
“I work at a fuckin’ salvage yard during the week and a gas station on the weekends and some nights. Not exactly a ticket out of here. You though, you got talent, and Sammy’s real smart.”
and the family
View of Columbia River Gorge and Vista House - Photo by me
"Dean, are you angry?" Cas asks carefully, but when Dean's eyes meet his own, Cas can see fear there.
“Yeah, I’ll make sure it heals good,” Dean assures her, pulling a wad of cash out of his pocket. “How much?”
“I won’t
“I’m … I’m just scared,” Cas says quietly, glancing shyly up at Dean. Dean squeezes his hand a little and sits beside him on the bed. It’s the first time Cas has really said it out loud, and it, combined with the look in his blue eyes, sends a pain through Dean’s chest
“No, I’m sorry. I overreacted. It’s just a touchy subject I guess,” Cas says, sneaking a peek at Dean’s face. “But I promise you, I’m no better than you. Only reason I haven’t tried to off myself is because at my lowest point, that would have involved dragging myself out of bed. That, and I’m too scared to try anything like that. It’s not because I’m smarter than you or whatever.” Dean smiles sadly at him. “Oh, and I like you too,” Cas adds, feeling his cheeks flush.
“Yeah? You like that?” Dean breathes beneath Cas’s jawline, scraping lightly with his teeth.
“Do you have anything that you would like to contribute to the discussion?” Garth asks.
, he thinks,
Eventually, Cas falls asleep, and Dean carefully extricates himself from the bed without waking him. He spends some more time reading about what he discovers is called “antidepressant discontinuation syndrome.” There are lots of big words in most of the articles, but one major takeaway: it really fuckin’ sucks. He decides to call an old friend.
“Don’t worry, I got you,” she assures him, throwing a towel down quickly to mop it up.
“Sure you are,” Dean proclaims, clapping Sam on the shoulder, “braver, probably.” But Sam’s anxiety is palpable, at least to Castiel.
about him.
“Well, this has been fun,” Cas says, standing quickly without looking at Dean, “but I better get going…”
feels good.”
“He’s going to kill you both!” Dean exclaims, and Sam can’t seem to hold himself together any longer, tears beginning to roll down his cheeks.
“Any time you’re able tomorrow.”
“Are you concerned about his safety?” she inquires, and Dean regrets having said anything.
Suddenly, Cas pushes himself forward, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck. “Thank you,” he sobs into Dean’s flannel, hoping he isn’t overstepping any boundaries, but Dean wraps his arms around Cas in return. Dean’s tight grip is painful, Dean being unaware of Castiel’s injured back, but Cas doesn’t care; he’ll ignore the pain if it means Dean’s holding him.
“You comfortable?” Dean asks.
“I’m sorry, I should have waited longer,” Cas repeats, looking at Dean like a kicked puppy.
left, or that you’d come back and ask me to leave. Or…do you want me to leave after I eat? I don’t know where I could go, bu-“
“Is that so, Dean?” Cas asks, lowering his menu. Dean just smirks at him. Then the waitress is back with their drinks, takes their orders, and retreats again, but not before flashing Dean another smile that causes Cas to narrow his eyes, glaring at her back as she walks away.
“Well, no offense, but I don’t think anyone here’s gonna be able to help me,” Dean pronounces bitterly, glaring down at his hands as he fidgets with the pulse oximeter taped to his finger.
“Okay,” Dean says at last, “that’s fair.” He smiles and leans in to kiss Castiel gently on the lips. “Just want you to know I’m not interested in you for your money.”
don’t worry about it,” Dean replies warningly.
“Shut your goddamn mouth, and go to bed!” John roars, grabbing Sam by the arm and wrenching him forward. Sam cries out as he feels a crack in his wrist, followed by a sharp pain. His dad releases him and he falls to the floor. Sam stays there, curling into the fetal position, trying to shield himself from the onslaught that he knows is coming. It surprises him when instead, he hears his dad wrench the front door open, followed by the roar of his truck, and the squealing of tires.
"I can't; she'll just think I'm crazy, and they'll never let me out of here, and I need to get out. Sammy needs me." Dean's voice is trembling again, and he's on the verge of tears.
Dean splashes some peroxide over the first of the concerning wounds, and Cas flinches violently.
“Yeah,” Castiel answers.
“No, I’m sure it’s nothing,” Cas deflects weakly. “Sam’s waiting for you.” Dean’s eyes linger on his for a moment.
“Sue me for caring about you guys,” Sam replies sourly, “sorry I don’t want Cas to survive the wrath of heaven only to be taken down by a heart attack.”
“What about Ruby?” Sam’s voice is small, a shadow of a younger iteration of himself. Dean looks at him with a wistful smile.
“Uh, hi,” Dean replies, taking in the scene. Sam sniffs the air.
Dean replies.
"Do you believe me, Cas?" Dean asks almost hopefully.
“What don’t you understand?”
mean something.
“Too damn much,” Sam says with a haunted expression. “Likewise, I could have died a happy man
“What can I do?” Cas murmurs against the side of Dean’s head, desperate for any way to make this okay. He doesn’t know what scares him more: the thought that Dean could be right or the possibility that it is all in Dean’s head.
“It did get old watching one war after another. Turn your back for one second and there’s a new war on a different continent. Exhausting.” Castiel rolls his eyes.
"Did that
“Yeah, Sammy, don’t worry about it.”
“You’re in the ER!? Is dad with you?” Dean can’t help raising his voice, and he knows people are staring at him.
It doesn’t hurt at first, but he persists, scratching the same spot over and over, over and over, over and over, until it becomes raw. It stings, and he continues, as a little voice tells him this is a bad idea, that he’ll be caught the next time he’s due for a dressing change, but it isn’t enough to stop him. Finally, he feels a wetness under his fingertips as he lays in the dark. Part of him screams that this is super fucked up, but a larger part doesn’t care as he brings his fingers to his lips, tasting the blood that tells him he is alive, that this is real. It brings him a modicum of relief, enough that he can cease hyperventilating and close his eyes, ignoring the figure watching him from the corner long enough to fall into a fitful sleep.
"Which ones?"
-Fleetwood Mac
"Cash," the woman says quickly, extending her hand for Cas to shake, "I am Dr. Kahtri. Leah has explained her findings to me." Dr. Kahtri produces a third thermometer. "I would like to check one more time." 108
“Dean, I think you are beautiful,” Castiel responds seriously. Dean just stares, caught off guard. “But if ‘sexy’ means you excite my body into a state of sexual arousal,” Cas continues, “then, yes, I also find you ‘sexy.’ It is just… it’s such a new experience; it is difficult to put into words.”
“Not watching the movie either?” Dean asks casually, trying to ease the kid’s obvious discomfort, the discomfort Dean feels responsible for.
“You sure?” he asks.
better than me. Not ‘cause of your parents having money or anything like that, just ‘cause you’re talented, and you aren’t here because you fucked up in a colossal way. Sorry; that’s all I meant.” And Castiel suddenly feels like shit for snapping the way he did.
“Yeah,” Cas says as he plugs in his iPod, “got every song they ever did, even the two in German.”
“It’s just
“Yeah. And I’m not exactly strong enough to fight back.”
Without dressing, Dean leads Cas to bed. Dean has turned the heat down, but the room remains incredibly warm. Cas lays down, his eyes searching Dean, hoping that he’ll climb in next to him. For once, Castiel isn’t disappointed. Dean throws his towel on the floor and crawls over next to Cas.  Dean lays on his back and opens his arms to Castiel who quickly moves in close, resting his head on Dean’s chest. Cas can hear Dean’s heart, a steady thumping beneath his ear, and he closes his eyes peacefully. Dean takes a deep breath.
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean exclaims, turning toward him.
Without saying much, the guards lead him to a room Castiel had described as "the quiet room." It is dimly lit, and the walls and floor actually
fair!” Dean winks at Cas as he pulls on a pair of dry jeans.
“Now, where the heck are you? I was this close to filing a missing person’s report.” He really doesn’t sound angry like Dean had expected, only relieved.
“Oh, and Cas, you got that cash? I looked it up, and it sounds like I can only deposit like four thousand at a time, but we should probably do that too. I’ll hide the rest for now.” Cas digs through his backpack and hands Dean a thick stack of bills, mostly hundreds.
“I don’t wanna go anywhere that’s gonna ask questions,” Cas says firmly. Dean frowns again, but nods. Sighing, Dean stands.
“How come?”
“Oh,” Cas chuckles, “I guess I’m still learning when it comes to humor.”
“What?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised.
"Already feel so close,” Castiel gasps, “not gonna last long.”
“How old are you, sweetie?” Pam asks, turning and placing a hand on Sam’s shoulder.
"Why?"
“Oh, don’t play dumb, baby,” Meg says, narrowing her eyes, “you know you’re hot, I can see it in that cocky-ass grin, and you know Cassie’s into dudes, so…” Dean frowns, wanting to argue that he
"Yeah. Fine," he lies. He hates this: seeing Cas struggle, and seeing him in pain.
“No such thing exists,” Castiel continues, brows knit together “I mean, the physics alone-“
“Cas…” Dean’s eyes hold fear, like a frightened animal looking for an escape route.
And with that bit of contact, Castiel finds it much easier to close his eyes and let sleep take him.
“Hey,” he says, taking Cas’s hand, “I know you are. I’m proud of you, man.” The reassurance brings a weak smile to Cas’s lips.
“What is it, sugar?”
“You want a sandwich?” Cas asks Charlie who accepts the offer. “Could you make one for Charlie too, please?” Cas calls loudly toward the kitchenette.
“Ah, shit, Cas! I’m… I’m, uh, real close,” Dean pants, gripping Cas’s hair. He feels Castiel moan again. “Oh, fuck! Ahh, ah fuck, Cas!
Dean wanders into the trees a little to piss. The woods are dense, quiet. It’s peaceful out here and smells like damp earth, and he wishes he could just stay instead of heading back toward reality. When he returns to the Impala, Cas is already curled up again in the backseat under the blanket. He doesn’t say anything as Dean gets in and starts the engine. Soon they’re back on the road, quiet, no music, just the rumble of the engine and tire tread on pavement.
“Sammy,” Dean sighs as he returns his little brother’s hug. “Are you okay?” he asks, pulling back to look at Sam’s face.
“Cas?” Dean asks softly as Castiel’s lip quivers subtly.
“Thanks, I think I’m starting to understand it,” Cas replies.
Multnomah Falls - Photo by me
fact is what drives Dean’s heart to race a little faster, his arms to hold Cas a little closer.
“Eyes on the screen, Sammy,” Dean directs, smirking before repetitiously kissing a distinctly embarrassed Castiel. As they shift, Cas becomes acutely cognizant of Dean’s dick, hard and pressing against his thigh, and it wrests the air from his lungs. He fears he may start to cry, and that mortifies him further; it’s all
in here. Play with me!”
“It’s obvious that you mean the world to him, Dean,” Castiel states, “I bet he really respects your opinion. Maybe he’ll listen to you if it seems like Ruby is bad news.”
“Better than Anna?”
“Yeah, she did,” Dean confirms, “but I actually met her when I started researching demons. She and my friend Benny are into the occult. They lead a group that holds magic ceremonies and does rituals and stuff.”
“Alright, well take care of yourself, Sammy.”
“Yeah, guess I didn’t think much further than that myself. But, you’re welcome at my place,” Dean replies.
“Uh, when they let you out of here, I uh, I was wondering if you might wanna come stay with Sam and me.” As a divine being, Dean is sure Castiel could take care of himself, but as a human? Dean has his doubts. Cas seems so helpless now, and Dean has to admit to himself that the thought of Cas on his own scares the shit out of him.
Eventually, Sam mumbles something in his sleep and rolls over, clinging to Dean. Cas grins as Dean rolls his eyes good-naturedly, turning to shake Sammy gently awake.
-Led Zeppelin
“I just have to know, and I’m sorry, and I understand if it freaks you out, or you don’t wanna put a label on it or whatever -” Cas rambles before Dean gently cuts him off.
"I thought that shit was illegal!” Dean says with a quiet disbelief, hoping Missouri isn't listening too intently.
In fact, Cas reflects, Dean had seemed far more concerned with Castiel’s opinion of him.
"Hey, Mr. 'I'm not hungry,'" Meg teases from a table as the two collect their trays. "I guess
“Oh, uh, no,” he replies, surprised, “they’ve already disowned me for taking off with Dean.”
“Jeez, we’re just friends,” Sam whines.
"Oh, honey," Missouri sighs, "I know you do. I'm not trying to embarrass you, and you aren't in trouble; I just have to enforce the rules. Unfortunately, I am going to have to ask you and Dean to keep your conversations in common spaces from now on."
“You want me, angel?” Dean murmurs, his breath ghosting over Castiel’s pale skin.
“Wait a sec, pump the brakes! Your parents named a kid
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replies, gazing up at him with what seems to Dean like all the trust in the world.
“No!” he says desperately, “I don’t want you to leave!” Tears continue to run down his cheeks.
“What for?” Cas is wearing his standard puzzled expression.
Dean feels oddly like a mom as he gathers everything he can think Cas might need for the day: a jacket, his pain meds, water, snacks, even a blanket and pillow. He dumps it all in the backseat of the Impala before walking Cas out. Castiel is doing much better; he is stronger than when he was first discharged, and he doesn’t tire as quickly, but there are still times when he is in pain, and Dean finds himself helping Cas around more than he probably needs to. Cas doesn’t mind though; Dean is loyal and protective of those he cares for, and those are two traits Castiel has always appreciated in him.
“Sam, how's your arm?” Dean asks after a pause.
“I will. Bye, Dean,” Sam replies, and Dean can hear in his voice that he is struggling not to begin crying again.
"You wanted to talk to me about something?" he asks finally, innocently.
“He met me in a psych ward, so I assume he’s made an informed decision, jackass,” he retorts with venom.
“Th-thanks,” Castiel manages.
“I guess... I dunno, they could tell somehow that it’s not working,” Cas stammers.
“Oh,” Sam replies but seems pacified for the time being. “So what’s with the salt and stuff?”
"No, I don't know how to fucking deal with this. Don't know how to fix this, hell, I don't even know what's wrong with him in the first place!"
“Of course!”
"Have a nice day," she says, smiling weakly while looking as though the weight of the world is on her shoulders.
“I don’t understand what beverages have to do with gender,” Cas states, head tilted.
“Bye, Sammy.” Dean whirls around as soon as he hangs up the phone. “I gotta go!” he says loudly to the nearest staff member. “I need to get out of here now!” He can tell he’s losing it. He’s hyperventilating, panic flooding his system. His baby brother is alone in the ER, and there is nothing he can do about it.
"Cas?" Dean says.
“He... he can talk,” Cas remarks dumbly.
“Don’t worry about it, Cas,” Dean says, “Sam was just being a dick.”
“I... I think so,” Cas says reticently, reaching a trembling hand to his temple, wincing as he feels the blood there.
” and Dean is coming hard with Cas’s name on his lips, coming down his throat, and Cas is swallowing, squeezing his eyes shut, stroking himself furiously, swallowing until Dean pulls out, panting, overly sensitive, and Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s thigh, moaning louder and louder until he’s coming again, his chest heaving as he struggles to catch his breath, panting hard against Dean’s leg. “Holy fuck, Cas,” Dean groans, non ironically when he’s able. He helps Castiel to his feet and kisses him again, long and hard, tasting himself on Cas’s tongue.
“Thanks, Bobby.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean asks after a moment’s thought, “do angels create monuments to remember wars and dead angels and stuff?”
Dean only wakes later when the echo of heavy footfall reaches his ears from beyond the bedroom door.
“I’m not even sure. I just
When he returns later in the evening, Dean finds that a nurse has introduced Castiel to Candy Crush.
“And physically, are you attracted to him?” Dean blushes furiously at this, which embarrassed him further.
“Sammy said it was built in the 20s in honor of the soldiers who died in World War I,” Dean says as he reads over Cas’s shoulder. A much newer monument stands nearby in memory of the soldiers who died in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and Afghanistan.
“Holy water.” Dean places the bottle next to his turntable. “Just in case.” Sam nods again.
Sam emerges from the bathroom in his pajama pants. Dean takes Cas with him into the bathroom to brush their teeth. Cas watches him closely, doing exactly as Dean does. Dean glances sideways at him.
"Gaslighting?" Dean asks, furrowing his brow.
“Dean,” Cas nearly whispers, “you’ve already done more for me than almost anyone in my life ever has. I wish you’d go a little easier on yourself, ’cause I can’t think of anyone else I’d rather be with right now.” Dean bites his lip, but Cas can see a half-grin pulling at the edges of his perfect lips.
“Alright, Dean.” Cas walks into the bathroom, remembering to close the door this time; he’d been scolded for forgetting before. He turns on the shower, slowly undressing as he waits for the water to warm up. He folds his clothes, stacking them neatly by the sink; clothing is oddly important to people. He looks in the mirror, which is beginning to fog up. His hair is getting longer, messier, as well as the stubble on his jaw.  He opens his mouth, looking closely at his teeth. They look fine. He must be doing alright there. He’s slowly gaining weight back.  This is good, he’s told. There is a large red scar that runs up his abdomen as well as some smaller scars in random places on his torso.  They look angry, bright red contrasting with his pale skin. The nurses told him they looked fine, that they’d lighten as he healed. He didn’t care so much either way.
“And you must be Cas,” Pam asserts warmly, turning to him with open arms. He is surprised but accepts the hug gratefully, loath to end it. Pam is warm and smells like nutmeg and patchouli. Her arms are covered in intricate tattoos. She strikes him as some kind of punk rock, pagan, hippie hybrid in her Ramones tee and torn-up jeans, sporting feathers and crystals braided into portions of her hair.
"No, Sam."
“You don’t have the guts,” John mocks, but his voice suggests apprehension.
“Hey, yeah, Sammy, hope you’re havin’ a good time at Ruby’s. I just gotta talk to you for a minute. It’s important.”
“And you still wanna go?” Sam laughs “what else do they have? Nude waitresses?”
“Stairway to heaven?” Cas reads aloud, “that doesn’t make any sense.”
“What I wanted from you?” Dean says in disbelief, “what are you talking about?”
hasn’t showed up at home since the whole thing happened, so Sammy’s alright for now. He made it to school and everything, all on his own. Said he’s having a rough time writing though. That motherfucker had to break Sammy’s right wrist, the one he uses to do everything.” Dean sighs angrily, burying his face in both hands for a moment, collecting himself. “You know, Cas, if he’d ever hurt Sammy in front of me, I’d probably be in prison for murder right now.”
“Fuck them,” Dean says before returning to Castiel’s lips.
“But for the record, Anna never sucked my dick,” Dean whispers between kisses, and he can feel Castiel grin as their lips meet again.
“Now you try and get some rest. I’ll be back later to clean your floor and bring you something to eat, okay?”
now that Cas isn't here to take it?" he grumbles.
“Well, no. Actually I can’t remember the last time my dad was close enough to touch me at all.”
“Oh,” Cas says suddenly understanding, “that was another joke.”
“Dean?” Cas breathes, and Dean can feel Cas shifting, looking up at him in the dark.
The smell is overwhelming: vomit and dried blood. Dean’s bed is a mess. With one arm, Sam struggles, but gathers Dean’s bedding, hauling it down the hall to the washing machine. He dumps about half a gallon of bleach in with it and turns it on hot. He knows he’s probably ruining the sheets, but he doesn’t care; he’d have burned them, if that had been an option.
“Of course,” Bobby answers, sounding a little relieved himself, “I’d be happy to. But where’s your dad at?”
“He’s my friend, and he was in a real bad situation there. Had to get him out,” Dean tries to explain.
Dean eyes Cas’s full erection then, considering it, worrying his lip with his teeth before grinning up at Cas wickedly.
“C’mon, Cas, a human soul can be removed and put back, right? Can’t you do the same thing with grace?” Dean is spitballing, but something tells him there has to be a way.
"Boring?" Dean asks, "nah, I wouldn't say that at all."
“What do you mean?” Dean doesn’t want to answer, but the truth pours out anyway.
“Oh god,
“I can teach you how to handle one,” Dean offers, but Cas looks deathly pale.
(See the end of the chapter for
harboring a huge crush on Dean. He follows Dean into his room, taking a seat at the foot of the bed as he had before. Dean slumps against the wall next to him on the bed, closer than before.
“Anyway, ‘night Dean,” Sam says as he switches off the light.
“Awesome. Dude, seriously, you could sell these,” Dean says, looking at another drawing of a bee.
“Everything you have, you have because you worked hard for it,” Cas argues sincerely, “you’re one of the only people I know that I can say that about. You and María, and that’s about it. My dad lies for a living, my uncle leeches off him, my mother is a “stay at home mom” that really doesn’t do any of the “mom” part, and my siblings get anything they ask for. Dean, you’re amazing; you do all the adult stuff that my adult siblings don’t do, like work and pay bills, and you’re not even technically an adult.”
gay for just one person? Does it really work that way?” Sam asks skeptically.
created by the falls… see, Cas,
“In case you need to take another pain pill,” he offers, and Cas nods his thanks. Dean pops the cap off his beer on the edge of one of the cinder blocks making up the shelving unit holding his records, and takes a long drink.
“Damnit, Dean, you stubborn S.O.B.,” Bobby says warmly, “what happened?”
“I like the other view better,” he says, turning back around to look up instead.
“I sent that text
“So, are you ready to tell me how it happened?” Dean sighs but nods.
“I feel like I can’t catch my breath,” he answers, turning watery blue eyes on Dean, who scoots closer to him on the front seat, tugging Cas into his arms. Cas melts in his embrace, collapsing against his chest.
“Hey, Cas, have you been listening to any music on here?”
!” Dean gasps, and then starts laughing. “I’m sorry!” he manages after a momement, “it’s just, damn, Cas, that’s
go to a doctor, ” Cas replies firmly.
“Of course, sugar,” Missouri answers, scooting over so Castiel can take a seat in front of the computer.
“How’re you feeling?” he asks in a tone much different from the one he usually uses when he’s bickering with Sam or joking around with Cas.
“Yeah, but
The cider goes to Castiel’s head, but in a nice way, not the stomach churning, spinning room, sort of way. He feels warm and happy, and can’t stop smiling at Dean. And maybe it’s just the food and alcohol, but Dean is smiling back at him a lot.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, “I feel good.”
It wasn’t the last time Dean found himself selling sexual favors.  It only got marginally easier after the first time as he began to numb to the whole thing, but Dean counted his blessings: he never ended up a John Doe dumped along the side of some interstate, and Sammy didn’t go hungry often. He never told Sam how he got the money, and he assumed Sam never suspected what he was actually doing.
“I did. The cutting’s never been about killing myself, though I guess I went a little deeper than usual this time. Never got stitches for it before,” Dean says. He’s oddly casual about it.
"Shit. What happened to him?"
“You get how incredibly fucked up that is, right?” Dean nearly shouts.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Dean says next with a grin, “just wanna think about you now, ‘kay? Let’s leave talk of siblings out of it.”
“No way, man!” Sam exclaims, “you’ll just humiliate me in front of her!”
Dean takes a deep breath, sitting on the edge of Sam’s bed, motioning to Sam to sit beside him.
“Don’t be. You got any siblings?” Dean asks, and Castiel rolls his eyes dramatically, eliciting a smile from Dean. “That bad?” he asks with a laugh.
“What are you doing here? What do you want from me!?” Dean whispers harshly, scrambling backward out of bed, flattening himself against the wall. The light from a street lamp backlights the silhouette of a man resting lazily against the desk by the window. The man remains silent, his snarled grin illuminated by the subtle glow of his eyes. Dean watches as the man pushes himself to standing from the edge of the desk.
“Hmph,” Dean grunts, rubbing his face again.
“Medically? Yeah, you’re going to be alright,” she answers.
Castiel adds. When he moves he winces, reaching a hand toward his bandaged abdomen.
“Yeah?” Dean replies, trying to sound casual and not terrified, because he
When the food arrives Sam shoos Dean away while he attempts to divide it out onto paper plates. He eventually throws the sack of egg rolls at Dean to keep him from “hovering,” as Sam puts it.
Slowly, Dean advances, moves in closer, pushes Cas gently down onto his back until they are stretched out together in the backseat, Dean on top, supporting himself with one arm, afraid of hurting Cas with his full weight. Cas pulls him down closer, opening his mouth to Dean’s kisses, moaning softly. It’s all so new. To Castiel the sensations are completely, foreign, but Dean, Dean is experiencing something completely different from anything he’s felt before, and the novelty makes it all the more intoxicating. He can’t seem to kiss Cas deeply enough, can’t get enough of Cas’s gasps and the way he looks at Dean whenever they surface for air. Dean doesn’t think he has ever seen a person more achingly desperate for his touch than Castiel, and it lights a fire in his belly. Meanwhile, his dick is so hard it’s aching, but he won’t let himself acknowledge that - won’t consider asking Cas to touch him there or, god forbid, suck him off. Just the thought of Castiel’s mouth on his dick is enough to both drive him mad with lust and utterly terrify him.
"Cas, I'll leave you alone if that's really what you want," Dean says with a sigh, but then the door is slowly opening, and Cas slips out into the hallway looking embarrassed.
“Please!” Dean says sharply, whirling around, his eyes locking on Castiel’s, “don’t go there. Don’t
“Sorry, Cas, I didn’t mean it to come out like that. Everything’s fine, okay?”
Dean thinks he can remember Sammy screaming his name. He thinks he can remember the look of terror on his 13-year-old face, but he also supposes neither of those memories could be authentic; he was pretty much dead when that happened. He thinks maybe he can remember parts of the ambulance ride, struggling against hands that held him down. He had screamed his throat raw. He thinks he can remember a glimpse of Sammy sitting with a young woman. She had dark hair and her arm around Sam as he cried. She looks familiar for some reason.
“Don’t you fuckin’ put this on me,” John nearly yells and then quiets himself. “This is all you, Dean.
“Hey, Cas!” Dean says as Castiel emerges from his room, yawning. He doesn’t look like he slept at all that night.
“Fuck, Dean,” Cas all but moans, considerably louder than he meant to. Dean grins broadly as Sam pointedly hikes the volume on the TV. “How am I supposed to focus on the movie like this?” Cas whines into Dean’s ear.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replies, feeling like his heart is in his throat.
“I don’t even know what to say,” Cas chokes after relaying his address.
“Alright,” Missouri replies reluctantly, and Dean is grateful she doesn’t fight him on this.
“M’ not a baby,” Sam mumbles into Dean’s chest.
"Maybe I won't," Castiel tries to say confidently. "What does it matter what I think anyway?" At this, Dean's eyes flash back up to his own.
“Not if we tell him the truth. I understand why you don’t wanna go to the cops with the truth, but Bobby’s different; he’ll believe us. I won’t tell him anything you don’t want me to, but I really think we should show him your injuries.”
“Damn right, it does!” Dean answers from across the small table they share back in the motel room, taking a long drink of beer.
“Shuddup, Sammy,” Dean returns, looking wounded, but he brings Cas a slice before grabbing another beer for himself. He offers one to Cas, who simply asks for water instead, earning another grin from Sam.
“Hmm,” Lisa says, “we were rather concerned yesterday when we couldn’t reach him.”
"Yeah, Dean what is going on? Are you... crying?" Dean ignores the last remark.
and he likes it.
“Yep,” Cas smiles. It’s a good look on him, Dean thinks.
“Ok Dean, I trust you,” he says, and Dean kisses him with a smile before revving the engine and hitting the road back to Portland.
“I’m alright, Dean, we all are,” Cas responds gently, trailing his fingers down Dean’s cheek.
“Look,” Dean says, offering his hand to Cas, who takes it tentatively in both of his own. “I did that the last time I fought with my dad... the day I was hospitalized.” Cas swallows hard, his graceful fingers running over the unscathed portions of Dean’s hand. “Did it with a piece of broken bottle Dad chucked at my head.” Dean takes a deep breath, preparing to do something he’s never done before. After a last moment of hesitation, he straightens up, shrugging the flannel shirt from his shoulders and withdrawing his bandaged arms from the sleeves. With imperceptibly trembling hands, Dean begins to unwrap one arm and then the other as Cas watches curiously, unaware that he is holding his breath.
Castiel can’t stop the sounds that pour from his lips, moans, cries, and gasps. It’s ecstasy, but also just plain overwhelming, and Cas is horrified when he realizes there are tears in his eyes. He squeezes his eyes shut. Maybe Dean won’t notice. Dean has his own eyes closed, moaning low around Cas’s cock as he takes it further into his throat, jerking himself off furiously all the while.
“Good afternoon, Dean.” Dean turns and finds a striking woman with dark skin and curly black hair looking at him with a smile. She is wearing a black dress that falls to her knees, and Dean can hear her heels clicking on the tile floor. “I am Dr. Calloway, but you can call me Billie if you’d like.” Dean nods. “How are you feeling?”
at that!” Dean’s eyes are squeezed shut, his neck arched back, but if he could see Castiel’s face, he’d see a satisfied smirk there.
"Well, speak of the devil," Dean says, realizing afterward that it's probably not the best turn of phrase given past events. "Cas-sh, Cash was just telling us how much he'd like to go home.  How's he doing? Think it might be soon?"
"I hope Cas is okay," Dean hears himself saying suddenly.
When they finish eating, Dean moves to help Cas undress and get back into bed. When he stands, Cas sways slightly.
“Is Cas okay?” he asks quietly.
Now Cas has tears in his eyes for a different reason.
” Dean sighs. “Never gonna happen.”
Dean, and it hurts. So, he thinks, this is the “friend-zone” that he’s seen people talk about on TV. It sucks. Standing here with Dean’s arm around him, with Dean’s scent in his nostrils and warmth against his body, Castiel wants nothing more than to kiss him, but he wouldn’t dare. If he wanted to be thrown off the bridge onto the rocks 70 feet below, he would kiss Dean right here and now, or so he figures.
“I thought you said you needed to stay alert,” Sam blurts accusatorily, his anxiety getting the better of him.
love to do right now?” Dean murmurs, dragging his hand up the inside of Cas’s thigh.
"Your father told me he could see the Devil in that boy's eyes!" Zachariah is raising his voice now, working up to what Cas can only assume is going to be some more of his "fire and brimstone" bullshit. If he weren't so anxiety ridden, he'd be tempted to laugh. "Are you really so weak, Castiel, that Satan sends in one boy who shows a modicum of interest in you, and you're ready to throw away
“Nah, no way, Cas,” Dean says with a smile, shaking his head, “not your fault your meds got all fucked up.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel says after a moment. “Why do humans sing songs about Hell as if it’s a good thing?” Dean smiles.
“I have some money,” Cas says quietly. “I saved almost everything I ever received for Christmas or my birthday, and I’m not proud, but I emptied my mom’s purse after she was passed out on pills my last night at the house.”
inside him, deeply ingrained in him by his father, that tells him that maybe being with Cas makes him
"Cas!" Dean calls again. He doesn't expect an answer, but he continues to call. Finally, Dean spots a form on a bench overlooking the river. It has to be Cas. It is Cas. He’s wearing his trenchcoat again, over the tee shirt on loan from Dean. Dean slows to a walk as he approaches.
Castiel lets his head fall back on the pillow, staring at the ceiling. Dean seems less irritable without Sam around, but Cas still notes the unusual awkwardness in his manner. Without Dean’s presence at his side, Cas feels vulnerable in his new body. He trusts Dean. He cares for him. But maybe Dean doesn’t feel the same way. Dean is confusing. He says one thing and then his actions say another, which isn’t unique to Dean; the majority of humans seem to be confusing this way, but Dean seems especially hard to read. Cas can’t understand why people won’t just say what they mean, why they hide behind lies, even lying to themselves. Dean says they’re friends. Dean has stuck with him for weeks on end, holding his hand both literally and figuratively, but sometimes Dean seems so uncomfortable in his presence. Sometimes Cas feels like he says the wrong thing, but he never really understands why.
“Shit, I better make sure he gets there in one piece,” Dean says, ignoring Sam’s raised eyebrow.
“Hurry up then!” Dean says, backing off so Cas can approach the toilet. “Well?” Dean prompts after a moment.
which just makes his heart and mind race even faster.
“You already put The Beatles’ discography on there though, right?”
“Haha, very funny,” Dean rolls his eyes, “they’ve got poutine.”
Now Dean has three fingers deep in Castiel, and he thinks he’s found that spot that he’s always heard feels real good for guys, although his many hang-ups have stopped him from ever trying it on himself. The way Cas is moaning and writhing under him is making him reconsider that, though. He kisses Cas deep and thorough, inhaling his hot, forceful breath.
When Dean returns to the bedroom, Cas has fallen asleep. The scene, Cas asleep on his bed, makes him feel all warm and tingly inside, and he tries not to wake him as he walks into the room. Cas startles awake almost immediately, though, his eyes racing around the room as if he’s forgotten where he is.
"Yes," Dr. Kahtri answers, "but I have some paperwork that I would like you to sign before you do. It simply states that I have given you my opinion and you are leaving 'AMA,' or against medical advice."
“I mean, when you haven’t been very
“What do you think, Cas? You wanna do a whole sleeve next? Or maybe your neck? I won’t do your face till you’re eighteen,” she jokes. Cas just groans, resting his head back and closing his eyes as Dean runs his fingers through his hair.
talk to me about that.” His tone is frigid. “I’ve got to clear my head,” he adds, grabbing his jacket and wrenching the door open.
"It could be too late then," the doctor answers in an exasperated tone.
“Told you, I’m
“Cas! Cas, it’s alright,” Dean says softly as Castiel’s eyes flash open revealing a terror that Dean has never seen there before. It seems to take a moment for Castiel to remember where he is as he strains against the wrist restraints. “Hey, hey, Cas, you’re gonna be okay,” Dean says, placing a hand on the side of Castiel’s neck as he tries to calm him. “Look at me, Cas.” Castiel’s eyes lock on Dean’s. “What were you dreaming about?” Dean asks gently. He can feel the pulse at Cas’s throat, quick but gradually slowing.
“Bingo. Preferably more than once,” Dean replies with a sly grin. He can tell just by looking at him that Castiel agrees wholeheartedly, his eyes wide as he runs his tongue unconsciously over his bottom lip.
That same evening:
“No,” Dean rushes to say, “no, Cas, I’m sorry, I just… I can’t.”
“Hey!” Sam protests, “that’s my bed. And get your shoes off of it!”
” Dean murmurs as he twists his fingers in Castiel’s hair. “Do that thing with your tongue again… yeah, fuck.” It doesn’t take long before Dean is coming again, Cas swallowing him down ravenously. He’d be embarrassed by how quick he was, but Cas doesn’t know the difference, so he lets it go. Dean slumps against the wall for a moment before opening his eyes and giving Cas a hand up.
Soon, they are all eating happily, Cas and Dean on the couch and Sam and Ruby sprawled out on the floor, as the movie starts. Sam has chosen
“Zeppelin.” Dean clearly doesn’t plan to participate in any conversation, but Garth moves on cheerfully, beginning the day's session. Castiel wishes Dean would speak up, dying to know more, but he doesn’t really blame him, as Castiel can barely bring himself to participate today either, not with Dean sitting right there.
"Have you been having any thoughts about harming yourself?"
“Awesome!” Dean exclaims.
“Sweetheart, you’re barking up the wrong tree,” Dean says coolly.
He lays in bed pondering what the demon had said. That's what they are: demons. He knows that. This particular demon is very familiar to him. There have been others, but He was the first. He was there that night their mom died. Dean knows it wasn't an electrical fire; Dean saw Him standing there amid the flames.
“Actually, I think I may have fucked my ankle up pretty bad,” Cas mumbles.
Either way, the guy is probably a cocky jerk. That, or he’s crazy. I mean, he’s here, right? But Castiel isn’t crazy, so… no; that guy, he must be fucked up somehow, completely gorgeous, and all fucked up. This
"OMG, Missouri is such a cock-block!" Meg exclaims as she flops down on Cas's bed.
“Cas?” Dean says softly then, setting the two bowls he is carrying down next to his turntable. “Cas, what happened? Who did that to you?” But Cas doesn’t answer; he just cries harder as he shakes his head. “Cas, please, talk to me,” Dean begs.
“Um, can I brush my teeth?” he asks after another moment or two.
Before they leave, Dean divides the cash up, tucking five grand into the inside pocket of his jacket and stashing the rest in the back of his closet where he’d torn up a corner of the carpet. When he presses the carpet back in place, Dean is satisfied that no one can tell anything has been hidden there.
“Something wrong?” Cas murmurs sleepily without opening his eyes.
“Missouri, please, I need to get out of here! It’s real important,” Dean says desperately as she leads him into a quiet room with a few chairs.
“You ready?” Dean asks.
“Sammy, there are dark things out there in the world, evil things,” Dean begins, not sure what he’s even planning to say.
"Everything looks normal. May I examine your surgical scars?" she asks then. He nods and lays back, lifting his shirt to reveal his abdomen. "Well, they look great," she says. "They have healed remarkably well." She palpates the areas around the scars, asking if the pressure is painful. Cas winces occasionally, but for the most part, reports that it all feels fine.
“Cas,” Dean says seriously, taking both of his hands, “I think you’re great. You’re sincere and thoughtful. You’re so talented, and you’re smart, probably too smart for me, and you don’t deserve any of the bullshit you’ve been dealt. You deserve someone who’s gonna treat you good, and I know I’m a fuck up, but I think I could treat you right. That’s what I think. Really.” When Dean finishes, Cas is frozen, tears leaving all-too-familiar tracks down his cheeks.
“Uh, hey, Bobby? If you’re there, I need you to pick up-“
“It’s just, you’ve never done this, and I always rush in and fuck stuff up, and I don’t want to hurt you again.” Castiel nods his understanding.
“Who is Sam?” she replies pleasantly.
“Fuck, baby, you feel so good,” Dean breathes, nuzzling into the side of Cas’s neck and again sucking and nipping, leaving marks on his skin. He brings his good hand to Castiel’s chest, rolling a nipple between thumb and forefinger, eliciting another moan from Cas’s lips, his hips bucking up, his untouched cock straining between them.
“This what you want?” Dean whispers to Cas’s skin, grinding his slicked-up dick hard against Cas’s thigh.
“Oh, god, Dean, I’m gonna come,” Castiel nearly sobs.
” Dean laughs, thumping Cas on the back.
“Little less than a minute there, Cas,” Dean says, rolling his eyes.
Dean allows himself to fall backward on to the ground, Cas following him down. Dean feels the cold,damp sand beneath his head, and pulls the comforter up over him and Cas, registering its presence for the first time.
He's afraid to ask to use the phone, though, and he doesn't have Cas's number anyway. And then an awful thought enters his mind: What if Cas
conversation. A conversation with the most gorgeous guy he has ever laid eyes on. Yeah, that probably sounds like hyperbole, but it’s true.
"I mean, this is Cas, Sam.
“So you don’t know what his deal is?”
“Interesting,” Cas says, mouth full, concentration etched on his face, “not bad.”
"He opened his eyes around six this morning," she explains.
“I’m afraid of losing you too, Cas. When I got out of the shower and you were gone, I panicked. I don’t want anything happening to you again,” Dean says softly, moving a little closer.
“Mmhmm,” is all Cas manages to reply before Dean is playfully nipping at his lower lip again. Cas is breathless, every one of Dean’s touches eliciting a moan or sharp intake of breath as his body trembles, reveling in each wonderful, new sensation.
watch that like last week?”
“Night, angel,” Dean says softly. He kisses the top of Castiel’s head, and soon, they are sleeping soundly in each other’s arms.
“Sammy, I don’t wanna scare you,” Dean starts, his voice startlingly unsteady, “but you’re old enough now, I should start telling you the truth.”
“Guess I’m full of surprises,” Dean snarks, holding his aim steady.
“I don’t have any clothes on,” he says, his cheeks reddening.
“Just one, ever,” Cas answers before lowering his voice as if it would stop Dean from hearing him. “It was Dean,” he adds, like it needed to be clarified. At that, Leah’s mouth quirks up at the corners in a little smile.
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean says, not sounding particularly convinced. “I don’t wanna ruin this for Sam if he really likes the girl, but sometimes I worry he’s too trusting, too impressionable. I don’t want him getting into any trouble.”
“Sounds like you really care about him,” she notes.
“Damn straight,” Dean agrees, “and it turns out I enjoy doing ‘normal people’ shit like this,” he adds, gesturing around them. “Going out, seeing sights, eating real food - don’t get me wrong, I like a gas station corn dog as much as the next guy, but this is fucking amazing.” Sadly, he’s sure this normalcy, or normal by Winchester standards, won’t last. But he’s gonna enjoy the fuck out of this while it lasts.
“But, you could find women on Facebook-”
"I've given them the information you've already told me. They just have a few more questions," Bridget explains. Dean hates this, hates the scrutiny, the suspicion. Mostly though, he just wants to see Cas, to know if he's going to make it.
Castiel’s heart races as Dean kisses him slowly, deliberately. Dean’s hands are rough, but his touch is gentle, and it sends tingles down Castiel’s spine in a way he has never experienced before. It’s unreal, the sensation of Dean’s fingers in his hair, the way their lips move against each other. Cas is tentative, still afraid Dean will bolt like a wild animal if he makes one wrong move, but he loosens his grip on Dean’s shirt, spreading his hands instead over Dean’s back, feeling firm muscle shift beneath his fingertips.
“Besides the ankle, are you alright, Cas?” Dean asks, sitting by Castiel’s feet. Cas nods. “No, really,” Dean continues, “you said it’s been hell. What was going on?”
“Well, this is just fucking majestic,” Dean says to Cas, who seems transfixed by the view out his window.
Shit. The sky is beginning to lighten, which means Dean has to go face Cas. Dean had circled the block countless times before deciding to collapse in the back seat of the Impala. What the fuck is he supposed to say, though? He decides on stalling, grabbing a couple greasy breakfast burritos and coffees, knowing Cas will most likely be hungover as shit. He even brings himself to order Cas a
begins to play, and Castiel throws his pencil across the room and begins pacing in his tiny space like he always does when he’s frustrated.
one. Broken plates lay where they have crashed on the floor. Brown shards of broken bottles shimmer amid the beer that has run down the wall, pooling on the linoleum. Then, amidst the chaos, he notices it: blood. Crimson droplets, spatter that tells a story of desperate fury, scattered across the floor and smeared in places on the wall. Sam’s heart goes into overdrive.
“It was a lot less of a kidnapping and a lot more of a rescue mission,” Dean asserts.
“I don’t deserve you,” Dean says then, but he’s smiling broadly, pulling Cas in for a deep kiss, ignoring the group of teens walking past them.
“Yeah, I guess so,” Dean agrees, his lips quirking into a smile at the corners.
“So,” says Dean, exhaling, “what now?”
“Discreet,” Castiel repeats, “okay.”
right now... it would have been hell. You know how many kids kill themselves afterward? A lot.”
“Honestly, Dean, I’m not sure. We might have to get law enforcement involved to track him down, but I can’t remember a case where it actually came to that.”
After a quick tour of the place, he is shown to his room.
“Oh no, man, that’s a dark road you don’t wanna start down!”
there’s Lady Gaga! And…”
,” Dean smirks. “Cas, I hope you never doubt again how much you turn me on.” The smile he receives from Cas for that is exquisitely beautiful. “Seriously, I can’t remember the last time I had sex this great. Maybe I never have.”
phone. He’s not stupid; he knows his parents routinely go through his other phone, and they not-so-subtly installed an app that they can use to track his location. Every Novak kid has learned to carry a “burner phone.” Furthermore, Castiel learned long ago that under the mattress is the
“Sammy, how are you doing? How’s your wrist?”
“You need me to explain it to
"Sure. Call if you need anything." As Sara leaves, Dean turns back to Castiel.
"Yes. Constantly."
“You know me,” Dean shrugs, “sweet as pie.”
“Cas,” Dean utters again, “I’m so sorry.” His voice cracks as he speaks before leaning in for a gentle kiss.
“Nah, it’s better. It’s, uhh…
“Yeah. Lucifer’s the oldest; he’s 27. Then Michael, 25. Gabe is 22 and just got into law school. Anael is 18. Then there’s me; I’m 16, by the way. And I think I mentioned before, Raph is two. I think he’ll be three pretty soon, but I’m horrible with dates. All I know is Raph is the
"You're crazy," Meg replies.
give Cassie any trouble," Meg replies in an overly saccharine tone.
“Dean,” Pam says calmly, reaching out to rub his arm, “I may be able to help in another way.” Dean nods tersely, wiping a tear furiously from his eye. “Follow me.”
“But, I’m always doing the wrong things. I know it frustrates you. I know I’m holding you back.”
“Oh, yeah, doin’ great!” Dean lies easily in a chipper, casual tone.
is scrawled on a dry-erase board on the door. A single bed, a desk built into the wall, and a weird chair Dean assumes was designed precisely so he couldn’t find a way to kill himself with it occupy the room. There is a decent-sized window above the desk. It doesn’t open, for obvious reasons, but there aren’t bars on it or anything, Dean reflects as he looks out. They’re on the second floor, and Dean’s view consists mostly of the leaves and branches of an old oak tree; it’s actually kind of nice, though that doesn’t make him want to stay here any more than he did before.
“Nah, Cas!” Dean says when Cas asks if they’re going to turn around, “day’s still young!”
mean what he thinks she does!
. Carefully, Castiel crawls out of bed, shivering and pulls on a pair of sweatpants and the sweatshirt Dean had given him. He quickly checks the bathroom. Empty. He opens the main door to look out at the parking lot. Dean isn’t there. Finally, he tries the sliding glass doors. He can just make out a figure down at the water’s edge, and he knows it’s Dean.
"Please do not hesitate to be seen in the ER if you feel even a little off," she says kindly to Cas once all the tests are completed. Cas nods. "We will call you immediately if any of your results come back abnormal. We will know before the end of the day."
“Cool,” Dean says, sitting across from him. “So, who is it?” Dean asks of the drawing, a portrait of a young man.
“Goddammit!” he shouts into the darkness. “Why can’t you leave me the fuck alone?” He doesn’t know who he is screaming at, but it helps to lessen the tension in his chest. The night doesn’t respond, and he sinks to his knees, quiet again, glaring at the waves.
"I was wondering if you'd considered trying to get custody of Sam." Cas peers up into Dean's eyes, those pretty green eyes framed by long, graceful lashes. No. He can't get distracted now!
“It’s gonna be alright,” Dean murmurs, though he feels like he’s always saying it, and it’s never true. When at last Cas stops crying and his breathing is relatively calm, Dean wets a handful of paper towels and begins carefully cleaning the blood from Cas’s face. He has Cas lean over to splash water into his hair and gently tease apart the dried blood and hair.
“What?” Meg says nonchalantly. “He’s just too sensitive. He’d never tell you himself.”
"Dean, I promise you, I feel the best I have in a long time," Cas says with a little smile.
“So… do you want to…?” Cas asks again.  “Want to fuck me?” he clarifies as if Dean had forgotten what they were talking about.
“I... I don’t really know, I just... my head hurts, and my chest hurts, and I just feel really shaky.”
“Well, I won’t be too far anyway. It’s less than day’s drive out to Madras. I’ll be further into the middle of nowhere, but I’ll text you my gps coordinates.”
“Don’t you talk to me about your brother after the filth you’ve exposed him to, you worthless, dick-swallowing piece of shit!” Now they’re rolling on the ground, kicking and punching, each struggling to get the upper hand.
The next morning Dean wakes to a knocking on his doorframe.
“Uh, well, you’re in my bed, and there’s no couch or anything, and I ain’t sleeping with Sammy - kid likes to sleep-punch - so, I guess with you. That ok?” Dean rubs the back of his neck.
"What's going on?" Dean asks sincerely.
“Where were you? Sammy was fucking starving!” Dean tries to put an edge in his voice, but it wavers.
tell Sam, what if Sam doesn’t approve? How would Dean take that? What if Sam talks Dean out of continuing their relationship?
“Humans are so afraid of being forgotten. Building something that lasts a few millennia is a decent way to be remembered.”
“No, I suppose not,” Cas gasps as Dean grips him even harder.
“What?” Dean gasps, stunned.
“Probably not, but my parents said I was threatening to kill myself or some bullshit, so they’d take me. And they’re rich, and have lots of lawyers, and can pretty much get their way about anything, so here I am.”
“Cas,” Dean says softly, taking the man’s hand. “You can ask me anything you want, okay?” Cas nods. “You just… surprised me is all.”
“I’m enjoying new experiences with you too, Cas,” Dean says breathlessly, wrapping him tightly in his arms again, relishing the sensation of skin to skin contact.
“You’re not hurting me,” Cas confirms, eyes falling gently shut as takes in the sensation of Dean’s weight atop him, Dean’s erection beginning to slide between his thighs. With Cas’s confirmation, Dean grinds harder against him, picking up his pace until he knows it won’t be much longer. Even though he just climaxed, with Dean’s frenzied thrusting between his legs, Cas feels like he could come again. His desire is sparking again with the proximity of Dean's cock to his ass, and Castiel can’t help but wonder with a rather powerful longing, at what it might feel like to have Dean inside of him. A similar thought crosses Dean’s mind, pushing him closer to his own climax.
Cas breathes again and again, every time they pause for air.
“My boss. I think he might help us,” Dean replies hopefully.
“Ahh….mmmm...
In heaven? With angels? "No, none."
The rest of the day passes rather uneventfully. Cas and Dean spend most of the day in the common area talking. They sit in the corner on the floor, as far from the other kids as they can manage, though they still attract some stares. Mostly, Cas assumes, the looks are directed at Dean.
“Sugar? You still there?” Missouri asks after a moment.
The room is comfortably warm as they step inside, closing the door behind them. The sky is darkening, looking stormy, and Dean kind of hopes they'll get to watch a stormy sea from the comfort of their bed.
“What do you mean?” Cas looks up at him, blue eyes meeting green.
“Fine, you’ve got fifteen minutes,  then it’s time for bed.” Dean smiles gratefully.
Next chapter is well underway!
“Well, when you make up your mind, Dean,” she says, flashing her best bedroom eyes at him, “come and find me.”
“Are you trying to tell me that there is a difference between vaginal intercourse and anal intercourse? Because, I am aware of that, Dean.”
"Where are we going?" Castiel asks out of curiosity, although he'd be happy going almost
“Okay.”
? Dean hopes Cas doesn’t try to hold his hand, because it would give away how sweaty they are. And the last thing Dean wants is for Cas to know how nervous he is, because Cas would take it personally, and “it’s not you; it’s me,” is so fucking cliché, even though it would be true in this context. Dean isn’t ashamed of Cas or of being with Cas, but there is still that
“Don’t be an idjit, what do you need, Dean?” Dean laughs a little, a nervous, relieved response.
“How a guy could make me feel... like that.”
“Hey Cas!” Sam says enthusiastically as Dean guides him into the motel room. Sam pulls Castiel into an embrace, loosening his grip when Cas winces. “Sorry,” he says, “it’s just, it’s good to see you out of the hospital.” He smiles and gestures for Cas to sit down on one of the beds.
“So, uh, is Cas as weird in bed as he is everywhere else?”
“Cas, I’m
"Yeah?" Dean says in reply, eyebrow raised suggestively, "guess we do."
“I’m sure this isn’t what you wanted from me,” Cas murmurs.
“No,” Dean says quietly, his voice still lacking the bite it had possessed earlier.
“Yep,” she answers. “I have to admit, I’ll miss you both, but seeing patients recover and move out of here is one of my favorite parts of the job.” She smiles.
Sara smiles. “Be sure to tell him there’s no need to be embarrassed; we’ve heard a lot stranger!”
"What, Cas?" Sam asks thoughtfully as Dean simply gazes at him with a puzzled expression.
"Doin' better now," Dean shrugs, not wanting to burden Cas with the whole truth. "I had to spend some time in the 'quiet room' because I blew up at Meg at dinner. That's probably where I was when you called."
things, so direct, so blunt, without a hint of embarrassment or coyness. “I mean, it’s okay, don’t worry about it,” he adds, composing himself.
“Yup, pretty damn green,” Charlie agrees, leaning in from behind them to check before laying back down. Dean is bright pink but can’t wipe the stupid grin off his face as Cas continues to hold his gaze.
“Shut up, Dean!” Sam exclaims, and Dean knows he’s probably blushing furiously.
“And you think that’s wrong?” Castiel questions.
"I don't think I will," it replies, "this is more fun. Hey, Dean, remember when you told your dad? That was fun!"
“I’m saying I know how hard you judge yourself. I know how ashamed you are, and you shouldn’t be. Your father should be ashamed; you were just a kid.”  So many emotions flood Dean’s head at once that he feels dizzy. Although he knows it’s irrational, he feels angry, like Cas had gone digging through his personal business. And then he feels relief, relieved that he doesn’t have to decide whether or not to be honest with Cas about some of the hardest years of his life. And then there is the awe he is struck by: the realization that Castiel
“Goddamnit boy, what are you tryin’ to tell me?”
"Yeah, Cas, you had us worried there," Sam adds.
“Thank you,” he says, “oh, and would you please bring me whatever will get blood out of carpet?”
“Hey, Pam?” he says hopefully as he paces the living room, phone to his ear.
When it finishes, Cas opens his eyes, looking like he had just experienced something miraculous.
“Any time, Cas,” Dean says, smile returning to his face. “Sam told me it was a nice drive. And we’re not done yet.”
“Here, Sam,” Dean says and, to Sam’s great surprise, hands him the keys to the Impala. “I’d rather not ride in that thing,” he adds, jerking his head in the direction of Sam’s Civic. Sam laughs, shaking his head, but readily agrees.
“No,” Dean growls, taking a step toward his father, “what the fuck is wrong with
"You saved him," Cas says thoughtfully.
“Good,” Bobby says, patting Dean’s knee before he turns the key and Johnny Cash’s
“Dude, you have like ten different phones and they’re
"And what do you mean 'all that time?'" Cas asks incredulously, "We've barely just met."
“I promised... I promised I’d keep you safe, that I wouldn’t let anyone hurt you,” Dean continues to sob, “I never shoulda brought you here, shoulda known it was a stupid fucking idea, but I did, and I put you in danger, and you got hurt, and...”
"Maybe
“Yeah, of course,” Castiel replies, still in disbelief that Dean really wants him to.
“Oh, Cassie, always so chipper!” she says before training her eyes on Dean. “Well, hello there,” she says, raking her eyes up and down his body. “Oh, you got a little something right… there,” she says, leaning forward and brushing her thumb slowly across Dean’s lower lip. If he weren’t so surprised, he may have been a little turned on. “I’m Meg, by the way,” she adds, bringing the same thumb to her own lips. She looks like a lioness staring down her prey.
“I love you too, Dean,” Castiel moans, “tonight has made me so happy.”
“Cas, oh my god, try this!” he exclaims, offering Cas a cheese curd covered in gravy.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says rather dramatically.
"Well, I think he likes you," Meg says in an oddly human, non-sociopathic
"What kind of program?" he asks fearfully, "can't I just go back to the hospital?"
In his room, Dean collapses onto his bed. He feels profoundly alone. He thinks about Sammy. He thinks about Cas. He longs to see them both, to see where they are, what they're doing, to know they're both okay.
“Damnit, Dean! I’m afraid you’re in for a whole world of trouble,” Bobby sighs, “and what’s all this garbage about a ‘Satanic cult’?”
“No,” Dean says simply. “You?”
“I don’t know. Lead him on? Fuck him for fun and then move on? Use him because you know he’d do anything for you?” Meg says. “I mean, those are just a few of the things
The room seems unnaturally warm when they tumble in, shaking rain from their clothes and hair. Dean teases Sam for looking like a shaggy wet dog.
“Really?” Cas whispers, not quite able to believe that anything involving himself could turn anyone on.
Castiel reaches out with trembling fingers, interlacing them with Dean’s. Then Dean’s eyes flutter open, all long lashes and sparkling green like a freakin’ Disney princess. He pulls Cas in close, kissing his temple before nuzzling into his neck, murmuring “too early...” to Cas’s skin. Cas takes a deep, shuddering breath, closing his eyes, meditating on Dean’s soft exhalations. Cas’s chest hurts, his body feels
Together they sit side by side on the edge of the bed, bowls in hands, eating the now-soggy, cold noodles. To Cas, however, the meal is unparalleled, his buoyant mood convincing him it is the finest meal he has ever shared.
? What the fuck?! I mean, no offense man, but your family sounds fuckin’ weird,” Dean blurts, eyebrows raised.
“Yeah, yeah, I know, I’m sorry,” Dean replies before getting to the point. “So, uh, I was hopin’ maybe you’d be able to get a hold of something for me.”
“No, just my back.” And his ass, but he doesn’t say that.
“Dean, I am a psychiatrist. I specialize in adolescent and teenage mental health, and I am on staff here in the psychiatric unit. It has been recommended that you be admitted for just long enough to get your feet back on the ground.” At hearing this, the blood drains from Dean’s face, and his hands shake. He pictures further restraints and padded cells, and it all scares the shit out of him.
“No. Another family member. Please, please don’t say anything,” Castiel begs, “it will only make things worse.”
“Sounded like it,” Dean says, clearing his throat again, still avoiding eye contact.
“Now I don’t suppose you are calling to speak to the young man who happens to be standing here at my desk asking about you, are you?” Castiel’s breath catches in his chest. She
“Something Sammy hasn’t experienced in a long time,” Dean teases, raising his beer to his lips.
-AC/DC
"No."
“Uhh…” Cas looks helplessly at Dean.
“Oh, sweetheart,” Dean smirks, “you’re so covered in red flags, I could see you from a mile away.” And Dean stands, heading for the door and leaving Meg on her own.
“Oh, shut up, Sammy,” he huffs, grabbing a beer and flopping down on the second bed.
“Fucking turn around, will you? Or better yet, get the fuck out so I can get dressed!” Dean had shouted at him. Cas had asked why he needed to leave so Dean could put on clothes, after all he’d seen naked humans for basically forever; he’d seen Dean naked countless times. This, of course, only served to infuriate Dean further, so Cas had left. He’d try Sam instead. Sam was good at smoothing things over when Cas unknowingly and inevitably angered Dean.
As soon as Cas is finished, Dean attacks, pressing his body wantonly against Cas. Castiel’s back hits the wall with a thud as Dean plunders his mouth with his tongue.
"I mean it. Hey, uh, Missouri's signalling it's time for my session, but I'm really glad you called, and I truly meant what I said... about everything.”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, desperately murmuring to himself,
“Fine,” he says with a small grin, “and thank you.”
“Dean,” Cas suddenly sobs, “I’m so sorry...”
“Yeah, that’s what I was hoping to talk to you about. I’m usually there if Sam needs anything, and I worry about him now that I’m not home. I know you’re probably really busy and got hundreds of other kids to worry about, but I was hoping that you or Sammy’s teacher could check in on him. Maybe let me know if he’s not getting to school every day… if you’re allowed to do that.”
“This is my fault,” Dean sighs.
“Alright,” Cas agrees.
whatever the fuck that’s supposed to mean. Logically, Dean knows it’s all bullshit and that Castiel makes him incredibly happy, and that the opinions of others don’t mean anything, and anyone who has a problem with him can go fuck themselves, but deep-seated feelings and fears from one’s childhood are decidedly illogical most of the time.
“What?”
Haha, anyway without further ado...
“It’s hard to explain. It’s not like it doesn’t hurt. It does, but it’s something
fixed on him. Dean doesn’t know why he does it, boredom maybe, as a diversion, but he grins and winks at the kid, who promptly turns bright red, dropping his pencil and subsequently scrambling under the table to retrieve it. Dean smirks to himself. He feels a little guilty, flustering the kid like that, but it was amusing nonetheless.
“Lookin’ forward to seein’ you again, boy. Plus, I could use you again around the shop whenever you’re ready,” Bobby says sincerely. “See you tomorrow, Dean.”
“Just... I know what happened must have been scary as hell,” Dean struggles to say. “I can’t imagine how terrified I would have been if I found you like that… I’m just so sorry, Sammy, and I want you to know it’s okay if you’re not okay. It’s okay if you’re still scared, or if you’re mad at me or whatever you’re goin’ through. You can talk to me about anything.”
Dean murmurs into his hair, holding on to him tightly, "that’s
“Yes, Dean, 620 feet,” Castiel states matter-of-factly, opening his eyes and gazing at Dean.
“Is Jimmy still kicking around in there with you?” Dean questions.
“You look tired,” Dean says. “You wanna go lay down? We could listen to music or something.”
-Black Sabbath
“At one point I… I thought maybe he was gonna kill me,” Cas chokes out, pressing his face into Dean’s flannel.
“Yes,” Cas admits softly, “I’ve had a crush on you from day one.”
“Do people actually do that?” he queries.
“Smells like a freakin’ skunk in here,” Sam states.
“Shit,” Dean swears, “well, what about something else? Anything for anxiety or whatever?”
“I know. It’s just, even the people you love can be annoying as shit sometimes. Especially when you’re stuck in a single room with them for weeks…”
to check out Cas’s sister.
“Actually, Cas, yeah,” he answers sincerely, “you’re better; in more ways than one.”
“Sure. I happened,” Dean answers bluntly. Cas furrows his brow, tilting his head again, something Meg has pointed out he does when he’s confused, like a “fucking German shepherd.”
"I talked to your nurse just now, and she said that the doctors think you're almost ready; they just want the physical and occupational therapists to deem you ready to do stuff on your own," Dean answers.
"And what's your name, for my records?"
“You keep saying that. ‘It’s complicated.’ What does that even mean, Dean?” Castiel sounds hurt, almost angry, and Dean doesn’t know what to say. “Dean, what do you want from me?” Castiel asks finally in a tone that sends a sharp pain into Dean’s chest.
swallows and nods as he watches her go. He stands, wiping his hands on his pants. He hadn't realized how sweaty they'd gotten. He does a couple paces in his small space. He just can't shake the feeling that has settled over him, like he doesn't quite fit into his own skin anymore. Before he knows it, he's in front of Castiel's door, raising his hand, and knocking gently a couple times.
“I dunno,” Dean says, blushing again and staring into his pint. “Probably. It’s just so... I mean, I’ve always cared about him. Even in the beginning, when he was a real pain in the ass sometimes, I felt this attachment to him, like things weren’t quite right when he was gone.”
him; Castiel understands the life Dean leads, there's nothing to hide from him.
"Well, not exactly," Dean murmured.
But Dean has a good idea where to start the search. He runs toward the river. The wind is picking up and Dean can hear thunder in the distance. It's getting darker, and a red glow against the storm clouds serves as a reminder that the sun will be setting soon.
“Why do you seem so surprised?” Cas counters, a bit of an edge in his voice, “or are you
“Oh, okay,” Cas says. Dean can see the disappointment in his eyes, and it’s goddamn painful.
boy, and I don’t worry about you getting overly attached to Meg,” Missouri says, raising an eyebrow at him. Castiel blushes furiously once again. “I remember what it was like at your age,” Missouri says knowingly, “hormones all a rage, and all that…”
At breakfast, Cas excitedly tells him about the different albums he had listened to the night before. Dean does his damnedest to share in Castiel's enthusiasm, but it is obvious that his mind is elsewhere.
“Salt keeps out evil spirits,” Sam explains as if it makes all the sense in the world.
“Well, I’ll be seein’ you tomorrow then, Dean.”
“Probably not,” he replies. “Never thought I’d say this, but it’s kinda nice to talk to someone about it though. Sorry I’m such a fucking mess right now. It’s fucking embarrassing.”
“That is very kind of you to say,” Castiel says softly. “I’m sorry your mother wasn’t able to move out like I am. I know she’s very proud of the work you do.” Suddenly, Sara is silent, her mouth hanging open, the empty syringe dropping from her hand before she can realize it’s happening. She is held by Castiel’s gaze, his blue eyes wide, penetrating in their intensity. Dean’s brow is furrowed in confusion.
"No." And the lies begin. "I hadn't seen him for a few days. Not sure where he was." Well, that was true.
"Yeah," Dean nods, "most humans like moving around and doing stuff. We don't have the same attention span angels seem to." He chuckles to himself, licking the foil Jell-O lid. Sam raises an eyebrow at him, he glares back, and Sam shakes his head, rolling his eyes. Castiel stares at the silent conversation the brothers share.
“Yeah?”
you wanna talk to me for?" Dean asks teasingly.
As Cas has grown older, he has begun to realize that many of the things that his father preaches, and many of the things Zachariah has told him are patently false, but that hasn’t undone the damage that the years of indoctrination have caused; it doesn’t undo the years of wishing he were altogether different, a different person with “correct” feelings. And nothing can undo the things that have been done to him, and the confusion he has been left with.
“Not well,” Sam answers, “but I once got 40 miles to the gallon driving across Nebraska, so there’s that.” Dean shrugs and nods in agreement.
got laid, and you failed to mention it to me, your best friend and confidant." Cas is bright red, unsure what to do or say, sure that this is just gonna be one step too far for Dean, the last straw that causes Dean to change his mind about their friendship, but no; Dean sits there, relaxed as ever, gazing coolly at Meg, a smirk on his lips.
Warnings: The usual. Mentions of physical abuse, suicide, drug use, anxiety/panic attacks, etc.
“First tattoo?” Pam asks brightly as she turns around, tattoo gun in hand, scooting closer to Cas.
“Why are you?” Cas asks quietly.
“No, Dean, you don’t,” she refuses, crossing her arms over her chest, “you can tip me real good next time you get a tattoo.”
“I think you can take credit for that,” Cas asserts. “I would have given up on my own.”
“I’m sure you’re not,” the security officer says, not unkindly, “too many kids try makin’ a run for it, though.”
knowledge I’ll never understand. Some stuff even Sammy wouldn’t understand. You know science, history, languages… just so much about
“Speaking of family, you still haven’t heard from dad lately?” Dean asks Sam, who shakes his head. “Huh, well if you do, mind not mentioning Cas? I’ll deal with it if it comes up.”
“What don’t you understand?” Cas says, his tone implying that it’s completely obvious.
“Does it hurt a lot?” Cas asks meekly after a moment or two.
"I guess thats why you're not supposed to take your eyes off the water," Dean chuckles. "You alright, Cas?"
“Well,” Cas says sheepishly, “I couldn’t put it in my bank account; my parents have access to that.”
“That’s alright,” Leah says with a warm smile,  “Now, I need to ask you some rather personal questions for your chart. Of course, all of your answers will be strictly confidential, and I’m sure your brother won’t mind stepping out for a moment if you’d like privacy.” Dean nods his agreement.
you do anything,” Dean promises, “I just wanna help.” Cas sits frozen still, curled in on himself, wringing his hands together in anxiety. He
“Hi, Sam,” Cas says shyly, sitting up on the bed, “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
-Pink Floyd
“Of course it is! It means you’re getting better. Next step is going home, right?” Dean looks at Sara.
“Dean?” he asks apprehensively.
Dean swears, his face turning an even brighter shade of red, “do you have to call it that?!”
“Just so we’re clear, though,” Dean says quickly, “I’m not taking it; it’s still yours, and I’ll give it back to you as soon as you want it.”
“Just... I think I really like her,” Sam confesses.
When Missouri walks into Dean's room, he is laying face-down on his bed, his arms crossed beneath his forehead.
why does that make it feel even better? Cas moans, unaware that he is doing so, speeding up, adding more soap, bracing himself against the wall in front of him with one arm. His mind goes a little blank. All he can think of now is his dick, how crazy good it feels, how sensitive the head is, how pleasant feelings are coursing through his whole body, pooling low in his abdomen, prickling at the base of his spine. He gasps, breathing heavily now.
“No, nope, totally free,” he answers all too enthusiastically, shoving his own tray further out of the way.
“Did you draw all these?” Dean asks, impressed.
"Don't. Fucking. Call. Me.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas smiles seeming almost shy, an unusual look for Cas.
“Oh, yay, Castiel’s back,” she says in a bored monotone as she dodges him.
“Yeah? Then, this is gonna be extra fun,” Dean smirks before sucking hard on Cas’s nipple, causing him to moan and shudder.
“Sorry, angel,” Dean says says with a grin, “force of habit… so, uh, do you think I’m … sexy?” Cas looks up at him again, those penetrating eyes fixed on his.
“I’m sorry, man,” Dean says gently, handing Cas a glass of water and a couple ibuprofen. “Drink up. The more water, the better.” Cas gulps and coughs and then gulps the rest down. “It’s gonna be okay, Cas. You need anything else?” Dean moves to return to his own bed.
"It's a demon," Dean blurted out then, "he killed Mom, and he said he'll hurt Sammy next!" Tears were rolling down Dean's face then, and he couldn't bring himself to look at his father.
, makes Dean want to run and hide more than the devil himself… and Dean would know.
"Wha-?" Sam says with a shrug, his mouth full. Dean laughs, grabbing Cas's Jell-O cup and flopping into the chair beside him.
Dean says, voice thick with lust as he surges forward to capture Cas’s lips in another filthy kiss. He presses Castiel onto his back again, leaning over him, grinding forcefully against him, breathing heavily between kisses as the friction between them becomes increasingly pleasurable. Dean has fished a bottle of lube out of the stuff he thought to buy earlier in the day. Cas inhales sharply through his teeth as the cool liquid makes contact with his cock, followed again by Dean’s warm, firm grip.
“Hiyah,” she says, “so, uh, what’s the tall guy’s deal?” she asks with a grin, “asking for a friend…” The waitress nods at the mustachioed bartender.
“Uhm, hi, Lisa, this is Dean Winchester. I’m Sam’s older brother,” Dean says a little hesitantly, “I think you were the one who brought him to the ER yesterday.”
“Your grace. How do we get it back?” Dean tries desperately to sound like his usual, cavalier self.
Castiel’s heart skips a beat, but he tries to tell himself this doesn’t mean anything.
“Sure you wouldn’t,” Sam bites back sarcastically.
“Hmm,” he says after taking an exploratory bite, “yes, Dean, I can see the appeal.” Like Dean, Cas continues talking through a mouthful of food.
“Well, seems like she likes you too,” Dean murmurs. Sam makes a contented sound, and it isn’t too long before he is asleep too, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts. He endeavors to calm himself, listening to the slow breathing of the two people that mean the most to him in the world. They’re safe for now, he tells himself. They’re safe, and he’s going to keep it that way.
“What in hell’s name do you think you’re doing?” Zachariah shouts, stomping toward them, but looking almost scared to come too close. “Castiel, if you don’t get out of that car this minute, you will sorely regret it!” Quickly, Cas rolls down his window.
“What the fuck do you want from me, Meg?”
“Yeah,” Cas says.
be ready for that.
“I’m Dean. Who the fuck are you?” Dean asks, honking his horn again, to the woman’s seeming annoyance.
"It's cold out there!" Cas protests. Dean steps back in, grabbing a bag and tossing it to Cas.
Dean sighs and leans his head back against the wall. "Fuck," he says quietly. He knew he'd screw up somehow. He debates with himself between running after Cas immediately, or giving him some time to (hopefully) cool off.
"Dean," Castiel says seriously, "you're incredible," and he leaves it at that.
“No,” the brothers reply in unison. Cas huffs as the pair laugh at him before Sam goes to put in their order.
"Can we have a little time to talk with him?" Dean asks.
“But, if you didn’t wanna do it...” Dean begins but trails off. “Cas, was it someone older than you?” Cas nods again. “Cas, if you felt like you had to do it or were afraid to say ‘no,’ then it was forced.” Finally, Cas looks up at him, his tear-filled eyes showing a glimmer of relief.
“It’s the booze, man; you’re gonna feel like absolute shit in the morning. Trust me, I’ve been there.”
“None of your damn business.”
"Cas, it's totally gonna suck here without you," Dean says through a mouth full of pancakes. Cas smiles sadly at him. "You think Missouri will let you call and talk to me?"
“This is Lisa,” a woman’s voice says cheerfully.
“Didn’t think they would.” Sam rolls his eyes and laughs, finally putting the car in reverse.
“Sorry, Dean,” Castiel utters once he’s able to speak.
“Did I do something wrong?” Cas asks helplessly.
Castiel can’t believe this is happening; he and Dean in the backseat of the Impala. For a moment he thinks about Dean and Anna, but quickly forces that thought into the recesses of his mind. No, he thinks, this is different. This
“Looks like it’s just the two of us,” Dean says to Cas as he collapses onto the bed that Sam had been using. “You up for taking a walk?”
Sam says his goodbyes, dimming the lights on his way out the door, and Dean sits at the angel’s side, watching as he quietly drifts back to sleep. When he is sure Sam is gone and Castiel is asleep, Dean reaches out to hold Cas’s hand in his own.
“Ah... ah
“Never said I didn’t want to be with you.”
“Why do you ask?”
“Well, I think it’s cool,” Dean replies, “and I could use more distraction in this place.” Dean likes the way this makes Cas smile again. “Hey, what all do you have on your iPod?” Dean asks, noticing it on the table next to Castiel’s tray.
“It’s alright, Cas,” Dean says, “you know I’m an open book… except when I’m not. And right now I’m in the mood to keep you guessing,” he adds, winking at Meg.
“Dean?”
Castiel’s spirits seem to lift some after the restraints are removed from his wrists and ankles.
Dean hops out of the truck, making his way to the front door where he lets himself in with the spare key he’d hidden near the door. It’s surreal, being in the house again. It really hasn’t been that long, but it feels like it’s been a lifetime. He rushes to the bedroom where he’s found Sam set his keys on his nightstand. He grasps them appreciatively before locating his phone and plugging it in. As soon as it turns on he enters Cas in his contacts and dials.
“What are you doing?” Dean asks numbly.
Afterward, the two brush their teeth and return to the bedroom where Dean puts on another of his mom’s Beatles records. He turns the volume low and switches off the light. A streetlamp illuminates a narrow stripe through the window shades, just enough that they can make out each others’ features in the dark as they lay on their sides, just inches apart. As much as Castiel wishes he could “play it cool,” he knows he can’t, the anxious, obsessive side of him begging for an answer to the question poised precariously on the tip of his tongue.
“Well, she
"Yeah, that's a big part of it," Dean replies, and Cas gives him an understanding look before his eyes widen.
“Screw you, Dean,” Sam fires back before turning to Cas. “Public display of affection.”
Dean pulls over at a viewpoint that sits high above the ocean on a south-facing cliff. It is getting later in the afternoon and the sun is playing on the crests of waves, glinting and flashing in the surf. Cas stirs as Dean switches the engine off. Slowly, his eyes flutter open, and it seems to take a moment before he realizes where he is. His eyes dart around before finally landing on Dean. When they do, a look of relief washes across Cas's face. Dean smiles at him warmly, his chest feeling as if it might burst when Cas reciprocates with a brilliant smile of his own.
"Dammit, Sam, pick up your phone!" Dean immediately regrets his tone and redials. "I'm sorry. Please call me... I need you Sammy." Dean cringes at his own vulnerability, but fuck if he isn't scared shitless. Then without warning, the breakdown begins. He fights it. He wants to punch something, but the tears come anyway.
“Sorry,” Dean says softly, “didn’t realize you cared.”
“You’re… you’re right, Cas,” Dean says eventually, sitting down beside him. “I’m sorry.” Tentatively, Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand, grasping it tenderly. To Dean’s relief, Cas accepts it. Unexpectedly, Cas turns to him, all but collapsing into his arms, his tears falling on Dean’s shoulder. Dean holds him as tightly as he can without touching his back, one arm around Cas’s neck, the other looped up under his shoulder. Dean runs his fingers through the hair at the nape of Cas’s neck. “I’m so sorry, Cas,” he whispers as Cas sobs into his shoulder, “I had no idea it was this bad.”
“I’m thinking we need to disguise the car, and I’m thinking
“Yeah, ahh, I assume I will, Dean,” Cas answers, and Dean has to laugh.
share this with him without destroying what semblance of worth Dean sees in him. After a while, Cas’s sobs abate, and he thinks he can speak again.
Dean coughs, but manages, “uh, yeah, pretty good.” He refuses to think about how nice it felt up against Cas… I mean, he was asleep, he tells himself; he didn’t even know it was Cas, so, it doesn’t mean anything. Period.
“What? No, Cas, that’s not true,” Dean says, his voice low. “Cas, look at me.” Reluctantly, Castiel looks up at Dean whose brow is knit with concern. “I’m a jackass, alright? I’m sorry I’ve snapped at you, and I’ve been rough on you. Sammy has no problem pointing out what a jerk I can be, but I’m trying. Please believe me; I may get irritated, I may get angry, we might fight, but Cas, you’re my closest friend, and I’m not gonna leave you on your own.” Though it’s somewhat awkward given their positions on the floor, Castiel turns toward Dean abruptly, wrapping both arms around his middle. Dean can feel hot tears through the front of his shirt as Castiel buries his face there. He wraps both arms around Cas in return, one hand on the back of his neck, holding Cas steady as he cries.
“Damnit, Cas!” Dean mutters. “Fucking Fleetwood Mac.”
“I, uh, I did something stupid. I -
“There is some truth to most stories people tell,” Castiel replies cryptically, and Dean doesn’t press any further. They turn around then, looking over the other side of the bridge into the pool far below. Dean feels a little dizzy.
Tentatively, Cas strengthens his grip on Dean. Rising to his knees, Cas crawls down the bed. He ducks his head, lapping softly at the head of Dean's cock. Dean moans quietly in his sleep, and Cas can no longer hold back his desire, swallowing Dean down. Dean's hips begin moving with Cas, and soon, Dean's eyes are blinking open.
Dean glances around at the other patients as he waits for his tray; a few are staring openly at him, likely taking in the tattoos and bandages. It also doesn’t help matters that he is the tallest person in the room, being one of the oldest patients. He receives his tray and finds a spot in the corner, sinking into a chair to stare numbly at the food in front of him. It doesn’t look too bad, but he has no appetite. He takes a couple bites and spends the rest of the meal time pushing food around with his plastic spoon.
“Yeah. That’s actually why I’m calling. I have a favor to ask, and I totally get it if you don’t want…” but Bobby cuts him off.
“Uh, the John Day Fossil Beds National Monument? I dunno, maybe. Huh. Didn’t think about that.” He definitely did, and he would definitely be checking that out.
“That seems… unnecessary,” Cas says, his brow furrowed. Dean laughs, a wide grin on his face.
“I just wanna
“Yes, I understand. And did she succeed? In making you doubt yourself?” Billie asks calmly.
“What?!” Cas says, sounding startled and looking embarrassed.
“Wait, you thought I was just gonna basically kidnap you from your house, and then what? Leave you along the side of the road somewhere?” Dean asks, taken aback.
“‘Course I’d wanna tell Sam! Not gonna keep something like this from him,” Dean says reassuringly. “’S not like I’m ashamed of bein’ with you or anything.”
“Are you alright?” Cas asks sincerely.
“I’m about ready to bust him outta there myself,” he sighs as he drops his keys and a six pack of some fancy-ass Portland IPA Sam requested down on their cheap motel room table. Sam grabs a beer and offers one to Dean.
“As a heart attack,” Dean affirms. “My boss is comin’ to get me at 8, and I’ll call you as soon as I get home and plug in my phone. That work for you? You’re not busy tomorrow, are you?”
what Dad said,” Dean cuts him off sharply, “and it’s not true. He blames me, but he didn’t see what I saw.”
“I don’t think I’m up to that at the moment,” Cas says.
. Castiel can’t help the surge of emotion that engulfs him after so many years believing that no one would ever want him, that no guy would ever get hard over him. It’s pathetic, he thinks.
“No, not really.”
Warnings: underage (depending on what state or country you live in) dubcon, physical abuse, homophobic slurs 🙁
He holds Castiel steady, a hand at his neck, another at the back of his head, slowly drawing him forward, his eyes darting to Castiel’s, wide and blue, before falling gently shut as he presses his lips to Cas’s.
"Oh, uh, Dean, I was thinking," Cas says after a moment, "you're gonna be eighteen this year, right?"
“Fries topped with cheese curds, covered in gravy,” Dean offers with a grin.
“Cash,” the medical assistant calls, and Dean nudges Castiel’s knee with his own.
"Well, I guess, if you're not gonna eat it..." Sam takes a bite just as Dean enters.
“Hmm. That’s what he told us too,” she sighs.
not much better,” he says with another eye roll.
“What if I have to leave? I wanna stay with you,” Sam says with a trembling voice that breaks Dean’s heart.
he thinks to himself, but the side of his neck continues to tingle where Cas's hand has left its warmth.
“Hey!” she retorts, “nothing wrong with nerds!” She pulls up one sleeve a little further, and Dean sees that one of her pinup girls is actually Princess Leia.”
MRI is in the basement and it’s freezing down there. Dean isn't allowed past a certain point and takes a seat helplessly in the hallway, zipping his jacket. An MRI tech informs him that the exam will take about an hour. It will be even longer after that before they receive any results. Dean can't stand the waiting game. He feels ready to climb the walls in this place. His phone vibrates; it's a text from Sam.
“Yeah! Yeah,” he says awkwardly, “I, uh, was hoping to talk to Dean.” Cas can almost
“What are you talking about?” Cas asks, narrowing his eyes at Dean.
"Would you...uh...mind staying?"
Sometime in the late afternoon, a nurse announces that he is being discharged from the hospital and will be transferred to the psychiatric unit. Dean is suddenly nauseated, having to gulp back the bile in the back of his throat. This is it.  A sense of impending doom settles over him. Suddenly, movement in the corner catches his eye, and he jumps, startled. A man is standing there, silent but grinning, his eyes an unnatural yellow, glowing. The man sneers at him, and Dean fights to breathe.
Missouri rolling her eyes.
“I’ll be back soon, angel,” Dean says softly.
"What happened? Are you okay?" Castiel's obvious concern actually makes him feel a little warm inside, but he replies casually.
to ruin this moment with Dean, but he feels that keeping the knowledge to himself any longer would be tantamount to an act of betrayal. “I wanted to say something earlier, but not in front of Sam,” Cas apologizes.
“Yeah. Listening is easy; talking, I struggle with,” Cas says, laughing softly.
“Are you telling me it was an accident, or are you saying you meant to, but it was a mistake?”
Sam and Dean look on as Daniel helps Castiel out of bed. Cas winces as he pushes himself up from the bed to standing, holding his abdomen. Dean's brow furrows as he watches Castiel, guided by Daniel, take one painful step after another. He must make a sound, because Sam asks "you okay?"
"Fuck," Dean swears again, and then with perfect timing, Missouri walks off for a moment to do something.
"Becky, don't you think that's a little
“Yeah, yeah, just
help.” Cas nods.
“Did you sleep well last night?” Cas asks, changing topics abruptly. Dean can feel his face heating up.
“Dean, are you happy? Does being with Cas make you happy?” Sam asks sincerely, without any edge in his tone.
like you see in movies: flickering lights and knocks and the whole nine yards. It was trippy. And once I met up with ’em in a cemetery at midnight for this ritual they did where they made an offering to some goddess. The moon was in the right place, or whatever, I don’t really remember. I’m not sure I believe the pagan god stuff any more than I do the Christian god stuff, but it was pretty rad anyway.”
Just a short chapter, but I wanted to update sooner rather than later...
“I already miss the sun,” Cas remarks, gazing out the window as Dean pulls into the motel parking lot.
“Cas,” Dean speaks gently, sitting at his side and placing a hand on his neck. Cas wakes with a start, relief flooding his face, however, when his eyes land on Dean. “Hey,” Dean breathes, leaning in to kiss Cas tenderly.
“Just afraid you’ll think less of me...” Cas mumbles miserably.
“I like it here,” Dean says, turning off the car and reaching for a burrito. “It’s nice and quiet,” he adds. After some prompting from Dean, Cas unwraps his burrito as well, choking down as much as he can, but his mouth feels dry, and he can hardly taste it.
“Cas,” Dean speaks softly after a while, “I’m sorry I got us into this mess.”
"Come on, Cas; it's freezing out here. Let's go," Dean says, wrapping his arms around himself.
“Are you hungry?” Dean asks after another slow kiss. Cas nods. “I can go pick something up and bring it back here.” Dean would prefer eating in bed with Cas in the privacy of their room, and he’s sure Cas is probably a little sleep deprived after the night they had.
“Stop, shit, I’m sorry,” Dean murmurs again, sitting up. Castiel is so confused now, both by Dean’s sudden change in trajectory, the gnawing feeling of
"A temperature that high is usually deadly. I am astounded that he is not in a coma, to be perfectly honest, but he must have an infection
“Cas is gonna be staying here for a while,” Dean explains. “He’s had some family shit goin’ on too lately.”
give him chlamydia or something.”
. That was when I really believed in God though. I didn’t think he would let everything happen if I didn’t deserve it somehow.”
"Jesus. I'm sorry," Castiel sighs. He would give anything to be able to wrap his arms around Dean, for Dean to want his arms around him. "It must have been terrifying," he says gently.
on the steering wheel.
“Yeah, sleepyhead? How you feelin’?” Dean asks gently.
“Castiel!” a commanding voice resonates in the hallway, and Dean can feel Castiel stiffen. “Get over here, NOW.” Reluctantly, Dean loosens his grip, and Cas rushes to dry his eyes. The look on the man's face is one of unadulterated scorn.
“Bridesmaids! It’s just starting,” Cas replies happily.
but he's never really been "into" guys before. There's something about Cas, though, something about the feeling he gets in his chest when Cas smiles at him, the way Cas's face seems to light up when he greets him in the morning. There's a warmth there. Yeah, he wants to get the hell out of here, but he has to admit that he isn't ready to say goodbye to Castiel. He doesn't want to leave behind the gentle comfort of easy acceptance Cas gives him.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs to his uncle who embraces him. His touch lingers; it always lingers, and Castiel feels like he needs a long, hot shower.
A minute after she leaves the room, Dean hears the door open again, followed by heavy footfall. He smells cigarettes and stale beer, and a mix of terror and fury steals his breath away. He wants to break free from his restraints, jump from the bed, tear out his IV, and just run for it, but he can’t.
“Yeah, that’s it, angel, you like that?” Dean murmurs, voice low and raspy, “you like my hand on your dick?”
have to leave you on the side of the road,” he teases.
“Yeah, my housekeeper stole them from my mom for me after she saw my back,” Cas explains quietly and sees a grin flit across Dean’s face. “Hoping it’ll help with my ankle too.”
did it, didn’t he?” Dean says in a hushed tone.
“Yeah, I remember,” Dean answers, rolling his eyes. “We’ve met.”
“You could have led with that,” Pam suggests.
“Oh,” Cas replies sheepishly, “no offense.” Dean laughs.
“You been to the real Stonehenge, Cas?” Dean asks in a lighter tone. Cas clears his throat.
“Ugh, Dean, some things never change with you,” Sam groans.
"Yeah," Cas answers quietly, "but I'd be lying if I said it doesn't hurt a little. I mean, as Meg loves to point out, I've never even kissed anyone, and my parents treat me like the Whore of Babylon... a title that really would suit Anael much better." Dean snorts a laugh at that, and Cas grins a little. "Anyway, I don't even have my license. I was supposed to take Driver's Ed. and then the driver's test, but shit happened, and I ended up here."
“Like performing oral sex on me,” Cas answers plainly, voice low. Dean’s face is immediately bright red, and he looks like a fish, frozen with his mouth open. “It’s alright, Dean, I understand.”
“I dunno, Cas,” Dean teases, sounding more like he had at lunch, “
"He's saying angels attacked him, and that his 'powers' are gone and he needs to get out of here, and some stuff about demons- "
“I guess that’s not really what I was asking,” Dean laughs. “Why is there a pot plant here at all?” Cas joins Dean in the bathroom, picking up the bushy plant.
"Yeah," he answers. "You don't think it looks like you?"
collect eventually.” Cas is uncertain what to say to this.
“I’m not physically exhausted, Dean…It’s…I can’t explain, but it’s more a mental exhaustion.” At this moment, Castiel begins to cough. Without thinking, Dean grasps the angel’s shoulder, steadying him, and in a way steadying himself. Tiny droplets of blood spatter the sheets as Castiel fights to clear his throat, and a line of blood escapes the corner of his mouth.
“Don’t fucking go near him!” Dean roars at John, who is taking a step toward Castiel’s motionless form. Launching himself toward his father’s back, Dean manages to wrap an arm around his neck from behind in a sort of choke-hold. In his rage, Dean possesses nearly super-human strength. To his own surprise, he flings his dad across the room. John crashes head-first into Sam’s bookshelf, crumpling into a heap as books and random objects tumble down on top of him. Dean rushes to Cas, cradling his head in his lap.
Cas turns the phone over in his hands.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs, finally turning to look up at Dean with tear-filled eyes.
“Thank you, Dean,” he hears Cas murmur against his chest.
“No.”
“I mentioned to Charlie that I enjoy growing things, and she gave it to me. She said she technically had one too many plants to be legal,” he explained. Dean just shakes his head amusedly.
“Do you think I could go home soon?” Dean asks hopefully.
"I... well, I didn't sleep great last night," Dean replies honestly. "Just worried about a lot of stuff, I guess."
“Oh!” Castiel laughs, and Dean can’t help but think he looks
“Yeah, Sammy, you can go, but never take that necklace off. Also, I’m gonna give you a bottle of holy water; I want you to have it with you at all times. And call me if
“Of course I have, yeh idjit! I know it’s not like you to disappear without a word.” Suddenly Dean feels a catch in his throat. He hadn’t once thought that his boss would be
“Take a picture; it’ll last longer,” Dean smirks as Sam continues to stare, seemingly frozen in place.
"Oh, he's fine," Dean manages a smile as the woman takes the child's hand.
"Yeah," Meg affirms. "And when I told him you jerk off all night thinking about him, he didn't even freak out or anything," she adds simply.
"I don't know what that means, but, yeah, probably," she chirps. "So... what were you doing?"
"I dunno," Cas lies.
He rubs Cas’s back gently, sighing, and before he can even realize what he’s saying, whispers “night, little angel.” The affection in Dean’s voice causes both men to freeze momentarily in surprise.
“I love the kid to death, but god help him, Sammy’s got some shit taste in music. I’m gonna put something good on here.”
“I missed you too,” Cas replies sarcastically, wrenching his door open and quickly escaping inside. His room is pretty plain, though quite large with sweeping views of his family’s property, complete with swimming pool and tennis court- though to Castiel’s knowledge, nobody in his family has
“I thought you were ‘just friends,’ anyway,” Dean says slyly.
“I will,” Cas promises and then asks, “Dean, there’s a bottle of pills in the top of my backpack; could you hand it to me?” Dean nods.
“Okay, Dean,” Sam chokes, tears beginning to leak from his eyes.
going to ‘get bored with you,’” Cas says sincerely, putting his fork down and gazing intensely into Dean’s eyes. Dean is startled to realize there are suddenly tears in his own eyes. But he
“I know,” Dean assures him, “and I won’t pressure you about that, I swear, but will you let me help keep ’em cleaned out?” Cas nods his consent. “Okay, hold on a sec,” Dean says and walks briskly across the hall to dig through the bathroom cabinet. When he returns, he is carrying a bottle of hydrogen peroxide, a washcloth, and a tube of antibiotic ointment.
He pulls it out of his pocket, he moves to set it aside, but notices he has a new voice message from an unknown number. Dean’s voice comes through the speaker, soft and slightly distorted, but it’s
“Dean?” Castiel gasps, somewhat startled.
“Baby?” Castiel asks, seeming mildly alarmed.
“Where’s Ruby?” Dean asks casually.
” Missouri asks incredulously, glancing over Castiel’s shoulder. “Oh, sugar, your parents aren’t gonna be happy about those,” she adds with a sigh.
Just so it’s clear: I do not suggest anyone drown their feelings in alcohol... that’s simply a Dean suggestion, and we all know how good his judgement can be...
“Trust me, Dean,” Castiel’s eyes flicker as he winces once more from pain. “I just need to rest. Trust me.” Dean sighs heavily.
The rain has gotten heavier, and the wind is pushing it sideways into their faces, and Castiel is very glad that they don’t have far to go, although leaning into Dean as they walk
In the early hours of the morning, an officer came to inform Dean that someone was there to pick him up. He was led out to the front of the station. Looking up, he expected to see Bobby, but instead, he was met with the cold, hard stare of his father. Dean’s insides turned to ice, and he felt as though his lungs were paralyzed. John said nothing to him, simply signed some papers and headed out the door.  Dean followed silently behind. The Impala sat outside on the street with Sammy in the backseat; Dean couldn’t bear to meet his gaze.
“What if I gotta pee?” he whines. Dean tosses him an empty Gatorade bottle without skipping a beat. “Ugh,” Sam exclaims.
Cas drops his backpack on his bed and walks into his private bathroom. It’s spotless. Despite how his family may feel about him, the housekeepers
“I don’t think so,” Cas replies, “but at the same time, most crazy people don’t think they are, so who knows?”
“Thanks,” Sam says, trying to ignore the beer in Dean’s hand. He can’t help the stir of anxiety it sparks in him, but he smiles and follows Dean to the couch, sitting next to him. “Uh, Dean?” he asks tentatively, unable to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Oh. Where did you even get holy water, anyway?” Sam questions further.
“No. I don’t even know what his name is.”
Against his better judgement, Dean carefully unwraps part of his arm. He glances around the room, but whoever designed it had done a pretty damn good job of removing anything that could possibly be used as a weapon or implement of self-harm. His fingernails are pretty short, but they’re all he has, so he chooses a spot on his arm he can re-wrap later, and begins scratching a line. He hopes that the pain will prove he’s awake, that he’s real, that
night?" John shouted then, rising to his feet. "You're not a baby, Dean. and I shouldn't have to tell you that demons aren't real! A goddamn demon didn't start that fire;
“‘M not drunk,” Dean slurs, “you are.”
“It’s
Some time around 4am, Dean is woken by a plaintive cry.
“What?” Dean laughs, rubbing Sam’s back, “Montana? Why
“Yeah,” Dean agrees.
“Love you, angel,” Dean whispers, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s forehead before carefully switching off the bedside lamp and letting his own eyes fall blissfully shut.
“Trust you? To what, take it as well as you’re taking it now?” Dean says with a glare.
"What? It’s Cas. The whole situation is weird! Like, not in a bad way, but still... I guess, at least you’re both guys, so you can’t make a Nephilim or something.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Dean agrees, taking a deep, tremulous breath. Quickly, Cas stuffs his meager belongings into his backpack and begins to help Dean gather clothing and various items from the bathroom.
“Never mind, Cas,” Dean sighs happily, opening the door for him.
“I’ll have you take your word for it for now,” Cas replies softly. Affectionately, Dean pulls Cas into him again, pressing their lips together, tasting him. He smoothes over Cas’s hair with his palm, kissing down his neck as Cas shudders subtly, before returning to his lips.
“Well, there’s
doesn’t want to fuck this up.
"What?" Cas asks as he stirs a large amount of sugar into his coffee.
Hearing Cas laugh was odd at first to Dean, but he was grateful to see Cas do something other than mope. Of course Castiel didn’t laugh at the same parts of any given movie that most people would. He still didn’t get most jokes, but certain inexplicable things would strike him as funny; Dean is still trying puzzle out what makes Cas laugh, and why.
“Hold it there, Cas; what about Jesus?” Dean jokes, grinning in the dark.
"Right?" Dean agrees. "Anyway, how are you doing on the outside?"
because your dad has ‘connections’ there, and you’re sitting here talking to me: a piece of fuckin’ white trash who couldn’t even make it through junior year.”
“Castiel?” the woman asks, recognition flooding her voice.
“Hey, are you alright? They said you’re hurt,” Dean says anxiously.
“Nah, I’m good,” Dean says, pulling the flask out of his jacket pocket. Sam gives him a look, but says nothing.
“Yeah. You?”
“My parents would just lie to the cops about it, and they’d be believed. And if you try to interfere, I am afraid of what they might do. They might try to have you deported, and I don’t want your family to be in danger of losing you.”
"Forget it," Dean says, trying to brush it off.
“Good night, Sam,” Cas replies. Dean continues to fume, silently. Cas climbs gingerly into bed, his abdominal muscles still weak and sore. Laying back, he looks over at Dean. “Are you sure you wouldn’t like to share some of these blankets?” Cas asks sincerely.
When they arrive at the motel, Dean cranks the heater in their room and drags Castiel into bathroom. He pulls Cas's coat off, hanging it over the shower curtain rod to dry. He does the same with Cas's tee shirt. Castiel continues to shiver as Dean dries his hair with a towel before wrapping it around his bare shoulders.
“You gonna go to art school or something in the future?” Dean asks, seeming to take a real interest in him.
plays, its quiet, iconic introduction easing his mind a little. He’s heard the song before, and maybe it’s just because he knows it’s Dean’s favorite band, but it occurs to him this time that Robert Plant’s voice is
“I wanna be fuckin’ left alone,” Dean growls. Cas doesn’t say anything, but Dean can hear the boy walk across the hall, shutting the door to his own room. Tears burn in his eyes. Like so many of the things he’s done, Dean regrets being an asshole almost immediately. He knows the kid was trying to be friendly, and Dean basically slapped him in the face.
“I was too close the moment I pulled you out of hell. There’s nothing you’ve done or could have done to change that.” The two men sit quietly for a while before Dean breaks the silence.
“How much money are you talkin’,” Dean asks then with raised eyebrows.
“It’s really not a big deal,” Cas assures him. “I’ve got all my music on my phone at home, and if they decide to send me back here, I can buy a new iPod. But I know how much it’s helped me out here, being able to listen to music instead of my own thoughts at night. I’m hoping it might help you too.”
"Cas, you're awesome," Dean says sincerely, causing Castiel to blush furiously.
As they’re walking out to the car, Dean glances at his phone and realizes he’s missed a couple calls and texts.
"Huh?" he asks, head tilted to the side and hair all askew. He walks over to the counter where she sits in front of her computer.
“Dean!” Sam cries, turning quickly, but Tessa holds him back. “What’s happening to him?” His brother’s shouts and moans terrify him as he stands helplessly by.
“Fine... If you really promise!” Sam says, unable to hide his excitement.
“What? Isn’t that like an antidepressant or something?”
“S’all right,” Dean replies, tugging Cas back toward him, “c’mere.” Cas smiles and allows himself to be pulled back to Dean’s side. Dean kisses him gently, gazing up into his worried blue eyes.
“Okay.”
“One night I drank more than half of a bottle of whiskey, but then I got really sick, so I haven’t done it again.”
Dean walks down the hall towards Castiel’s room, hoping he’s in there. Hesitantly, he knocks on the door. Slowly, he hears Castiel groan and walk to the door, opening it a crack.
“I would advise against that,” Castiel grumbles, “she
“Aren’t you gonna stay in here with us?” Sam blurts, “why can you leave the room if we can’t?”
“I don’t care about it, Dean; you can use it for anything you need or anything Sam needs. I just want to be able to pay my fair share.”
He isn't on a case; the apocalypse isn't nigh; he is simply getting away for a couple days with a friend. Well more than a friend, really, and
Then Sam reenters the room and Dean jumps up from the bed instantly, as if to help Sam with the two six packs he’s carrying.
"Your
“Shit,” Sam mutters.
“So what am I waiting here for?”
Slowly, Dean begins to unbutton Cas’s flannel shirt, one button at a time, practiced, deliberate, all the while looking up into Castiel’s eyes like he’s opening a fucking Christmas present.
“It hurts when I feel like you don’t want me too close.” Cas looks down at the bedding in front of him before hastily adding, “and I know you cannot make yourself feel things that you don’t, but if you feel anything like I do, please…” Dean stares at him, at the sincerity and feeling in Castiel’s eyes, and Dean
“Good. How does Cash seem to be taking everything? Do either of you have any concerns?” Dean almost laughs at how the
“I’m sorry, Cas, I should be talking like this to the shrink, right? Probably shouldn’t be putting all this shit on you.”
The rest of the meal is filled with happy conversation between the two, with much laughter on Dean’s part especially as Cas continues to be confused by his stupid jokes. Cas is a good sport, assuring Dean that he’ll always enjoy listening, even when he has no idea what Dean’s talking about.
“Going to find something to wrap your hand with,” Castiel answers calmly.
“Well, yes,” she answers, “although ‘sexually active’ can mean a lot of different things.” At this point Dean is
weren’t trapped in the snow starving to death… dude was just a psycho. He ended up dying in a shootout with a band of vigilantes who’d figured out what he’d done.”
