to be anywhere until lunchtime, when the horses not out to pasture needed to be taken care of and the mess was open for the midday meal.
. “Now that my mother’s found someone else she delights in bossing around, and tomorrow we’re taking on king and possibly country, I’m off to bed. I suggest you do so as well.” He stood and smoothed out his jacket. To Castiel he sketched a small bow. “Your Highness.” Then he slipped through the door to the sun room. Dean could hear him climb the stairs, and then walk across the creaky wooden floorboards above.
Some gratitude! Will wonders never cease? Neither as a little boy nor as a teenager had Castiel been prone to gratefulness. Then again there was not much of the boy left in him; only the man.
Ellen melted like butter. Of course for a tough woman like her it wouldn’t look like much to an outsider, but Bobby hadn’t seen her this soft toward a stranger since Bill had died. “What,” she said, “you think I wasn’t born in a barn?”
It was so beautiful and strange and beyond his comprehension. The cynical part of him, the rational part of him, it was still clamoring to be heard, but for once in his life Dean drowned it out. For one small moment, he wanted to believe it. He wanted to believe that Angel was a warrior, a great spirit blessed by the gods, who had chosen them, chosen Dean. That despite Lucifer's Demons wiping out his village and killing his parents, and Metatron's Reapers attempting to kill them, that the gods were not all against the Winchesters. Not entirely. That this good, honest horse, this person, had refused Metatron and the royal trainers at every turn, but had allowed Dean to treat his wounds. Had accepted food from him, and the pick, and the brush. And in their direst need, had deigned to let Dean ride on his back for miles. For days. Dean wanted,
people don’t go home without gossip. He knew what was going on in the last war and didn’t do shit. He let your parents die, and mine, too. He’d rather let us rot than lift a finger.”
Metatron huffed in disbelief, but tried masking it with good humor. “Well, sure, but can story time wait until after the dragon is taken care of?” he said, somewhat sarcastically gesturing toward Cas as if he were presenting an exhibit.
Sam, who’d come up behind Dean, reached out a cautious hand to pet Angel’s neck. The horse tried to jerk away, but Dean held him steady. When Sam’s hand made contact, the muscle under it twitched, but after a few strokes the stallion relaxed.
Dean couldn’t imagine what she meant about all of them; Sam and Dean weren’t horse whisperers no matter what other people said. There was nothing magical about treating horses with respect. Angel would have responded to anyone who’d shown him an once of kindness.
Dean and Castiel stood in the garden, Dean stroking his neck and gently untangling any knots he found in his mane. He figured someone would come out to find them eventually, and sure enough a few minutes later Crowley cleared his throat. He was leaning against the back corner of the cottage, and when Dean glanced over he nodded behind them, at the tree they were standing under. “Apples,” he said.
Bobby waited for to finish herding them in, then threw a thumb over his shoulder. “Ellen’s got a nice set up for horses out back. Come on.”
As the days went on, and Dean gained energy, these visits with both Sam and Cas became more frequent. Sam chattered on about his studies, and Castiel spoke of the new royal council being formed, and of something called
“The king!” They both glanced to the side; Metatron had fetched his crown, and was dusting it off with his cloak, apparently unbothered by the confrontation. “I was an Angel,” Gadreel continued. Dean sucked in a breath. “I fought alongside Michael and Hannah in the Final War. And when the choice came to serve a crown or lose my magic, I chose the latter. But what Charles did not tell me is that though I could not use it, my magic would still give me long life. So for millennia I had to wander, alone, hiding my longevity from the common people to protect the secret. Until Metatron found me. He needed someone who would understand what a mage, even a young one would be capable of. But most of all he needed someone who Castiel would not know, and who would not…know…” Gadreel stepped back one, twice. The hatred drained from him, leaving his face slack. “Someone who would not know the prince.”
Crowley didn’t agree, but then he didn’t disagree either. He poured himself another cup of tea, and topped it off with more milk. “So that was the last I saw of the prince,” he said. “What’s your story?” He sipped, made a face, and then blew on his drink. A curl of new steam spiraled up from the ripples.
“Yes!” Sam exclaimed. “It wasn’t the Yellow-Eyed Demon after all. He didn’t infect me. I know you always wondered since then whether I wasn’t quite right—”
This horse, this beautiful, mean, proud fucking horse, who never once let a person stay on his back long enough to crow they’d done it, had carried Dean for at least five hours to the point of
“Go on,” said Crowley, taking a generous swallow of his liquor, and then gesturing to the horse with his glass. “The prince and I are well used to each other’s company.”
“Lord—” Gadreel’s eyes grew wide in shock, then his face hardened into loathing. “That man is poison!” He drew his sword and Dean hastily backed away, tripping on the dais and falling hard onto the steps.
“You have to be quiet, Dean! Dean!” It was Sam. Shaking him. He hadn’t even known he’d been crying out, calling for Baby.
“And for you,” said Jo, pulling out a letter and handing it to Bobby. To Dean’s surprise, the older man blushed a little.
The king slipped his hands into his pockets and left the circle of lamplight, whistling as he walked away.
“What’s bothering me,” said Sam, leaning his elbows on the open door, “is what he said about leading out on the field, and commanding the people. It sounded so…warlike.”
Gadreel yelled, lifting his sword, but Metatron was quicker: with a flick of his wrist Gadreel was thrown clear across the room against a marble column and crumpled to the floor, unmoving. Castiel charged next, but the king lifted his other hand and blew, and the prince clattered to a stop, armor and all. The stun powder. Then he turned to Dean as he went for him next. He didn’t even try to defend himself as Dean threw a punch, putting the entire weight of his body behind it.
Dean huffed an incredulous laugh. “We’re sitting ducks no matter where we go. If you won’t help us, what chance do we have?”
Dean must have slipped into a doze, for next thing he knew there were shouts coming down the hallway, and the unmistakable sound of horse’s hooves on a wooden floor. He opened his eyes and saw Sam grinning in the doorway, long hair messy like he’d just tumbled out of bed, and Baby’s nose sticking over his shoulder.
Metatron swung the sword above Dean—the metal flashed in the light—then he brought it down, driving the blade into his gut.
Salinger opened his mouth, no doubt to argue, but must have thought better of it. He settled for looking down his nose at Bobby, not deigning to dismount from his horse. “Well then inform the king, Stablemaster, that I have here a black stallion worth 10,000 crowns.”
No one needed telling twice. It wasn’t usual for the king to visit the stables at the foot of the butte, but it happened on occasion, though not nearly as frequently as when the black horses were still streaming in. Still, everyone knew their duty and rushed off to their portion of the stables, tidying all they could. It was a blessing that the festival was in a few days, so that most areas weren’t too dirty. Regardless the kids were out at the north facade of the stables scrubbing the cobblestone where the king would alight from his carriage, any last stalls that had not been mucked were hastily attacked by the hands, grooms went after any horse still in the vicinity with a brush, and the kitchen paused its preparations for luncheon to put together some light refreshments for the king and any who would accompany him.
With that cryptic statement she touched the Lady Tessa on the arm to gain her attention, and the Reapers took their leave.
of it to see. The sounds, the smells, his center of gravity tilted completely off its axis were all so overwhelming, and he ran. He ran and ran, and in his panicked state it was several minutes before he realized he was running on
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I know what you mean.” Even though she can’t fully see him where he sits on her back, Impala can still feel the unease in his posture. It’s not due to the heaviness of the armor - he was used to it, after over a year of training as a knight in earnest - but in this moment, like any horse with her rider good and true, they are one. They dread and anticipate the onslaught equally, and worry for their family. They know their duty is to be both the first and last line of defense for the country and its citizens, and its king. They stand tall under the weight of this great responsibility because they have chosen it.
“Metatron is the one who said that Crowley betrayed the royal family. And Angel…I don’t know if he’s more than a horse, but you can’t really believe he’s associated with Demons, do you?”
As they rode further into Winchester, they began to see signs of the Border War. Usually it was just large swathes of land where Hellfire had spread in battle, and none but the hardiest of weeds had popped up in the scorched earth, even these dozen years later. But once in a while they’d come across an abandoned village—they were still avoiding the inhabited ones—and those that hadn’t burned were just as depressing. The shoddier of the cottages were half caved in and sagging, while plants and animals alike had taken over, vines cracking walls and nests stuffed in every cranny.
“No,” said Gadreel. “Metatron confronted him about the betrayal, saw him turn into a horse and run away.”
Again and again people leapt onto his back and starved, hurting, still the stallion fought. He bucked with all his strength, whinnied his defiance, and each time when he was led back into the chute, Dean could have sworn that Angel sought him out every time, both pride and pleading in his eyes. Dozens of people went, scores, with hardly a break in-between them; it went on so long that any lesser horse would long have collapsed with exhaustion. And still,
First came the newly elected parliament, dressed in the finest clothing of their regions: nobles from Mt. Heaven, magnificent in their silks; the sailors from the north in blue jackets and shiny silver buttons, curved swords in their belts; the navigators of the bayou in the southern marshes, with their jaunty low-slung caps; the people who made the Micharim their home, with puffy white sleeves and brocades of mountain flowers; and all the peoples of the plains, whether from farming communities, hunters along the edge of the Greenwood, and there was even one man, dressed in horse leather, representing the nomadic people from the heart of the land.
The stun powder laid over its target like a cloak of iron, trapping you in bonds you couldn’t see. Castiel had fought against it, every time, but he’d never been strong enough. But now, in the moment he saw the sword leave Dean’s body, blood staining his shirt a greenish-gold, eyes wide in shock and fear, the bonds snapped. There was no way they could contain his rage and his anguish; his thoughts became his actions and he moved. He tossed his head and roared, the sound echoing around the room. Metatron stepped back, letting Dean’s body fall, and looked at him in surprise.
Gadreel turned a sharp look onto the groom. “If you think you can fetch him without magical aid, go ahead.” Dean didn’t move. “You think you know better than the Royal Horsemaster?
“Thank you, Jo,” said Ellen, “and thank you, Sam. I’ll take that.” She took Sam’s bucket and sat down on one of the barrels, then pulled another one right in front of her. “Dean, you sit here. The rest of you wash up. You, too, Bobby.”
Instead he looked out for the Winchester brothers. He would often see them going to and fro, either leading horses or carrying equipment. When they noticed him always at the fence closest to the path, they started taking detours to see him, stroke his neck, give him a kind word when they could. Sometimes one or the other—usually Dean—would go riding by on Impala, the frankly intimidating mare who on rare occasions would sleep in the stall next to Castiel’s. She of all the horses was the only one who did not ignore him; when Dean stopped to say hello, she watched him unnervingly, and sometimes snorted. He was glad when she went on her way, though he wasn’t glad to see Dean go.
But he didn’t spook. He was frozen with indecision. He could hardly bear staying, but where could he run? Sam was here, and two Witches, in an enchanted cottage, and Michaeretz’s fiercest warriors waiting for them to emerge from the forest, and Lucifer’s cursed lands south of them, their parents’ deaths behind, and a large black stallion directly ahead. The horse stopped just out of Dean’s reach. His big, blue eyes were wet, and as Dean watched, tears bubbled over to spill down his long face. Horses really only cried when their eyes were irritated, but this was not that. Dean saw the tears and he finally knew. He just knew.
“Sam!” Dean grabbed his arm and tried to pull in front of him to block any incoming attack, but Sam just elbowed him back.
That evening he kept vigil, as he did every night, leaning out the window with his elbows on the low sill. He watched the sun set—he could just see the ridge of the Micharim Mountains at this height—and the sky faded from orange, to pink, to purple. The noise from the city below lessened, and Dean could hear the crickets out in the garden which wasn’t too far from where his room was tucked in an out of the way corner of the castle. The stars flickered into being the darker it grew, and idly he tried to pick out the constellations his father had once told him about, horses and hunters from Michaeretzer legends. Bats flit here and there, but their movement wasn’t right for Cas’s great gliding wings, and he wasn’t fooled by them.
The kid had a point. Dean hoisted himself onto his elbows and looked at the horse in question. He was lying still, except for his steadied breathing, and his head was hanging low, with half-lidded, sleepy eyes. His dark coat shimmered in the sunlight, but that was mostly due to sweat. The stallion didn’t look like much at the moment—certainly not compared to the magnificence of his Baby—but compared to any other horse he would be of a good height, decently muscled, healthy hooves and teeth. Like Impala he was a pure black, except for the perfectly round white star in the middle of his forehead, which was pretty but not necessarily unusual. The most unusual thing about him was his bright blue eyes, a darker shade than you saw in horses, and certainly a color you rarely saw in ones with dark coloring. Though…horses had a range of smarts just like people, and Angel
“I have been alive for a very, very long time, but I have never seen evidence of godhood. That said,” she shrugged, a red curl tumbling forward off her shoulder, “there are indeed forces. And some witches—and mages—live long enough, and grow powerful enough, that the difference may simply be…semantic.”
Dean woke to the cottage door flying open. The bed the whole family slept in was empty but for him and Sam, so they struggled a bit to sit up out of the blankets that swamped them.
She set the cream jar upright and picked up the tray with the empty scone basket, bringing it to a bench in the corner opposite the fireplace. Sam stood and set the purple porcelain pieces as neatly as he could on the tea tray and carefully carried it over to her. When he set it down she grabbed a pouch hanging against the wall, opened it, dipped a thumb and forefinger inside, and pulled out a pinch of blue powder. With a flick of her wrist she tossed it over the dirty dishes which sprung into the air as soon as the powder touched them and stayed there, sparkling. Humming to herself, she opened the cupboard and plucked the pieces from the air one by one and put them away. Fascinated, Sam grasped his own little teacup. Its delicate weight fell into his hand as soon as he touched it.
The throne room, too, was as Dean had remembered it, though now the statue behind the golden chair was completely draped in a white cloth. The marble floor and columns were polished to a shine, and the statues between them were still frozen in perpetual movement: Angels and kings, gods and monsters. A bright red runner unfurled before them to the other side of the room, a clear path to the king.
“I know it.” That region had taken the brunt of the Luciterran army at the start of the Border War. No wonder the boys ended up as they did. But they would have better, now.
“Great,” she answered. “She and the others will be along  in a few days, once the last stragglers for the festival are on their way here.” Being the perfect place to rest before a final day’s ride to the capital, and purveying good food and drink, the Roadhouse Tavern had grown enough for the Harvelle women to take on a couple employees.
Dean found that though he did not understand much at the moment, he still wanted that. He needed to see the prince with his sad blue eyes at least one more time before he ascended the throne and he’d never be near him again. “Okay,” he said.
“The gods decreed that if a warrior was worthy, if they proved themselves honorable and sacrificed their lives in a noble fight, and their desire to serve a higher purpose was great enough, their soul would be allowed to return to earth—as a horse.” He turned to the black stallion and patted his flank, then let his hand rest there. “As a horse, they would serve other warriors, their own fighting spirit aiding the causes of new generations, new noble quests. But they’d only be ridden by the worthy, mind,” Metatron said, wagging a finger. “A Great Horse will serve you only if you are great, too.
The king smiles and steps up to Impala, respectfully bowing his head. “Impala, may I have the honor of serving you?”
For one moment longer, he stood still, sword heavy in his hands. He barely felt the tears that spilled over, keeping his eyes wide to take in his parents for what he understood was to be the last time. His father, mouth a grim line in his dark beard, held himself with pride: a wild and dark counterpoint to his mother, who stood strong and focused as a bladepoint, moon making a halo out of her light hair.
She bowed deeply. “Your Majesty.” She straightened back up except for her head, then walked backwards all the way down the runner and out the doorway. The doors shut of their own accord, and the four of them were alone.
That hulking thing, a she? Couldn’t be right. “The prize money out on black horses, of course. Up to 10,000 crowns, if it pleases the king.”
Ah. Crowley hadn’t known how much of it Castiel remembered. “Metatron was never in a demon camp,” he said. “He’s never known how to really inflict pain.”
“I told you, the truth will out. Even without using it much your magic is growing. It’s manifesting in dreams, which means you probably have the Sight. Berserker magic is strong, overwhelming, and very particularly Lucifer’s spell. Your brain has worried it in its steel jaws again and again and so in your dreams you seek it out. Tell me, when you’re
Bobby smiled to himself, though the kid had no idea what he was asking. Did the Royal Stablemaster have a brush indeed.
. Impala has been called by many names, though rarely her first and truest one. None were so lovely as “Baby,” which she treasures, for Dean shows her a fierce love and honest tenderness that she never before has known. But most people these days call her Impala, which Dean gave her as well, the day she found him.
Trying to pace himself, Dean groaned and let himself fall onto his back, practically spreadeagled on the ground. The horses may have been doing most of the work, but riding was hell on the human body, too, especially the lower half. Sam sat back on his heels and looked to his right where, if they traveled a few hours in that direction, the Micharim would begin to make themselves known on the horizon. They’d only seen the mountains a couple of times, but there was not much succor there for penniless, starving boys, and the terrain wasn’t great for Impala’s feet.
Though the ride up the butte had been long, the walk from the entrance of the room to the dais upon which the throne sat felt interminably longer. The attendant led the way, until several feet before the bottom step Metatron held up a hand. “Thank you. That will be all.”
Dean smiled to himself, picked up his pack, and went out the front door, closing it gently behind him. He walked around the side of the cottage, stepping through the flowers and the mushrooms, to find Castiel meeting him halfway. The moon was just rising over the treetops, casting a white glow atop the blues and purples of the garden, lifting the horse’s black coat out of shadow.
Breakfast that morning turned out to be a quick affair of scrambled eggs with bread and butter. Crowley put on a plain, homespun apron to make it, protecting his fancy clothes. Rowena, in a beautiful blue dress, made them a different tea, dark with a slight hint of fruit. Dean might have been imagining it, but he felt it give him a little more energy, which was good as they spent the meal hashing out the details of the plan. Castiel, again forced to join via the round window by the table, snorted and nickered, making his opinion known through Crowley’s interpretation—and sometimes Dean’s, when the mage deliberately misread the horse’s body language.
“I have no desire for your life,” said the king. “Nor to whip you, one harm exchanged for another. But I wonder, would you accept a form of penance?”
“I’m not—I’m not completely sure what happened that day,” he said. “But you weren’t just dying, Dean. You were dead.”
Sam took a seat next to him. “Whether she meant it or not, it’s our best option. Think about it. It’s at least two days to the mountains, we’d have to cross the entire breadth of the country to reach the Eastern Marshes, and north isn’t an option. We can’t stay out in the open like this. If we left now we could reach the Greenwood by evening tomorrow and then we can figure things out from there.”
Angel let him hold the embrace a moment longer before pulling away. He then circled the brothers and nosed them both in the back, urging them toward the cottage. Sam strode back and, slightly sulky, Dean followed.
Impala nudges his cheek with her nose, granting permission. “Thank you,” Castiel murmurs, stroking her nose once before starting to unbuckle the bridle.
Dean looked around. Besides horses, no one else was anywhere near. No one else conscious, anyway. “Um.”
Gadreel flicked his eyes to Dean, but then returned to the target of his hatred. “Because the king, in his wisdom, did not want to take away the fond memories of the people. Wouldn’t serving the country as a horse be penance enough for his sins? So I agreed.
Sam and Dean were away at the time; they’d been allowed a couple days off, loading up a wagon with all the Harvelle’s empty barrels. They took turns alternately driving the wagon or riding Impala, and made decent time. They enjoyed a day in and around the Roadhouse, helping out at the bar in the busy hours and practicing with Mary’s bow and arrow using the side of the barn, or mock fighting with Jo. In the evening when the tavern was quiet, and they sat eating a hearty meal with the women, Dean sighed. He felt much more relaxed here, without feeling like the king was looking over his shoulder and watching his every move.
After a couple days of this, Gadreel did not lose his cool. Instead he employed new methods meant to stymie Angel’s options. First he had one of the others trainers ride a horse around the perimeter of the paddock, keeping Angel on a rope lead that wrapped around the pommel of her ride’s saddle. That way, in theory, Gadreel would have a better chance of approaching the stallion from the side or behind, close enough to tap him. But they’d barely traversed one side of the paddock before Angel was pulling so hard on the rope the other, smaller horse crashed into the fence, and the rider went flying.
When he opened the door, it only took him a split second to realize what was going on. In addition to a big sword and a big bow, those boys must have come into town with a big horse, too. A big black one, in fact. And those drunk idjits were looking to steal it away to earn a little cash in the capital. One of them was even trying to lift himself onto the horse’s back, but it was having none of it. The boys weren’t, either, though a horse that size was more than capable of defending itself. The older one was trying to wrestle one of the men to the ground, to some surprising success, and the little one had pulled a knife from nowhere and was feinting toward another, who roared with laughter and tried to strike the kid.
Angel nickered angrily at her, and she did a double-take. “Well, well,” she murmured. “Perhaps I should ask
A snatch of breeze ruffled through Sam and Dean’s hair, and danced under the horses’ noses. Impala pulled to such a hard stop that Sam grasped for her mane, and Angel tossed his head, prancing nervously in place. Their eyes swiveled to look behind them, and with sinking dread the brothers turned their heads to do the same. The hills were flattening out closer to the river valley, but they were still elevated enough that the forest appeared a thick, green carpet below them, stretching to the south as far as they could see. Behind them rose the hill they’d just descended. And on the crest of that hill, as they watched, a group of cavalry appeared, their helmets with horsehair plumes capturing the early morning light. At the head was a Reaper, clad in the black-silver cloak of their office, and the whole world quieted as they lifted a single gloved hand.
Everyone shifted nervously at that. Horsetown was not prepared for that kind of crowd, and wouldn’t be until the equinox dawned.
The dancing flame in the closest lantern casts a pulsing halo over the king’s head. Dean studies his lover in that light and Impala waits to hear his opinion. “You think Gabriel cut himself off from the tree because of it.”
Castiel must have seen some of the conflict on his face, for he nodded and looked away. “You must do as you feel is right,” he said. “But for my part, I—” He hunched his shoulders. Then he stood and walked to the end of the bed before facing him again. “I will be here, if ever you need me. For now, I will fetch Sam. He’s barely slept for worry.” He was almost out of the room, hand on the doorframe, before he turned back once more. “I would like to visit you again, perhaps after you’ve had more rest. May I?”
Sam leaned up onto an elbow in the tall grass so they could see each other better. “No. That’s just the thing.” He twiddled with a grass stalk. The breeze slipped a lock of his hair from his ponytail, and drew it across his eyes, though now they stared into nothing. “It was somewhere I’d never been before. I could actually see much. There were two, maybe three people, and they were shouting, and magic was flashing everywhere, this…malicious magic. I almost recognized it but I swear it wasn’t from another dream.” He tucked his hair back behind his ear. “Someone was crying, and afraid. I think it was a child. I couldn’t help him, I couldn’t…”
Sam and Dean stared unashamedly along with everyone else in the vicinity. Most knights stayed around their estates or in the capital at court, but a few wandered. Knights weren’t just the king’s greatest soldiers in wartime; they were supposed to defend the weak and help all their countrymen as a matter of course. But errant knights were rare, even rarer in the years after the Border War as the ranks had not yet swelled large enough to replace all those who were lost. Most of those who survived and wandered were Reapers, the rarest knight of all. And though over the ten years the Winchesters had spent in Horsetown, they’d seen them stop in now and again for news and orders, it was still exciting to see them so close—and two at once!
“Yeah, yeah, yuk it up, big guy,” he said, chuckling a little himself as he sat up. He stretched, groaning, and looked around. The lightening sky was clear of clouds, or at least what he could see of it in the middle of a forest, and the cottage chimney was still active, smoking spilling out of its mouth and fading away. The garden shimmered with dew.
At the brothers’ twin glares Rowena took back the reins of the conversation. “The point is, there are more forces in nature than most people are attuned to. Powerful forces, that have wills, but nevertheless don’t truly take away ours. Though they may try,” she added. Ominously, Dean felt, as if she’d had some personal experience.
Surreptitiously he felt for the stone Crowley had given him in his pocket. It was cool to the touch.
. Lucifer itself is derived from Latin, meaning “lightbringer,” an epithet of Lucifer’s you may have seen before. So really the country’s name is Land of Light.
A deep breath. Another. Sam wiped stray tears from his face and sat back up. He stared dully at the garden tools. “I dream of Hellfire. The screams as the people died in our village.” He shivered. “I dream of the Yellow-Eyed Demon and his teeth when he smiled. But I see black-eyed Demons, too, and how they battle each other. I think it’s practice but it’s…it’s disgusting. They rip each other apart. Sometimes with magic, sometimes with bare hands. And I think…” For the next part, he forced himself to look back at Rowena. Dared her to challenge him. “I think I see Lucifer.”
Then one day, to Castiel’s utter consternation, Impala jumped the fence into the paddock and began trotting round. First she greeted the old-timers, who nickered and nodded their heads; she stood patiently while colts and fillies wove in and out between her legs. At length he was convinced she had no interest in him, and turned back to the fence, keeping an eye out for a friendly face.
The king stood back up and dropped his smile. “Because you said ‘Here, boy,’ and there he came.” He searched Dean’s eyes for a moment. He had no idea what the king saw, but it must have been something, because he stepped to the edge of the lamplight, half his face falling into darkness. “Consider my offer, Dean. I’ll give you thirty days to decide. If you agree, and you succeed, knighthood is yours.”
“Mother,” said Crowley, “whether or not he’s won yet, I backed the right horse.” He gestured sardonically to Angel and broke their gaze. “And I’ll say no more on that subject.”
There wasn’t much pain, really, until he pulled the sword out, dragging it through his insides. The blade was stained with blood, and when Dean looked down at the red blossoming on his shirt, he realized it was his.
“That we go now. It’ll take us a week to get back to the capital if we want to be well rested by the time we get there. And the longer we wait, the more Reapers will return and the more allies Metatron will have. Getting to him while he’s most vulnerable is the only chance we’re going to get.”
When the initial rush petered out, and they were each lying on their sides, kissing intermittently between smiles, Cas reached up and traced the handprint on Dean’s shoulder.
First things first. Water, and food. The horses would need grass so they needed to go past the burnt area. The broken well in the old village was no doubt useless, so they’d have to press on another mile to a creek Dean remembered drinking from and bathing in, once upon a time. He dropped his arms and sighed, lifting his head. Dusk was dropping swiftly into night, and the brightest stars already shone above.
The prince turned his head and looked at him from the side, like he sometimes did when he forgot he wasn’t still a horse. “Why not?”
“Good works. Generosity. Kindness. She made the time and effort to understand her subjects, and she made their lives better.” He put a hand in his pocket and pulled out a coin, turning it over and over.
“No indeed. But he, too, is a child of two worlds. However briefly, he was a resident of the land of the dead before he returned to the land of the living. Will you abandon him?”
ones, apparently, as if Bobby hadn’t turned the kingdom’s breeding program into the envy of the entire continent. And Metatron was offering a handsome reward for the best specimens, too.
“It’s true. The older you grew, the more she left the castle. She interacted with more people and discovered that though their lives were short, they still knew things she never knew, and experienced things she’d never done. I don’t know when first she learned what it was to be a man; either she was always that way, or it happened long before I was born. But I do know it’s not easy, being of two worlds.” He sketched a small bow to Castiel in acknowledgment. “But their courage made her find courage in herself. I don’t know what the king thought of it, but by the time you were a tyke she was a man as often as she was a woman.”
“The greatest warriors of the modern era, and they have no idea of their true power,” Rowena agreed. “Some of them must suspect. Most spells won’t work if your own energy isn’t added to the mix. Using magic is like using a muscle. The more you flex it, the greater it grows. The truth will out.”
Dean gulped, the five letters Jo had jokingly carved into the black stallion’s stall door burning like a brand in his mind.
Castiel whinnied and lunged, but all Metatron had to do was take a couple steps back. “Ah, ah ah.” He wagged a finger. “Play nice, Castiel. Play nice or the Winchesters will be the ones who get broken.”
Battle is on the horizon; Impala can smell it. The wind is from the south and carries with it a slight stink of sulfur, the signature of Lucifer’s magicians. They are practicing, preparing for war. It will be soon, Impala thinks. A few months, as humans reckon it. The moon will wax and wane several times, no doubt, so King Castiel has time. She would tell him her thoughts if she could, but thankfully her Dean knows.
. She knew to be the best mother she could be she had to be the best version of herself, and that version was both a man and a woman, who dared to step outside her bounds and help who needed helping, and did what needed doing.”
“Very good. Yes,” she said. “He reasoned that if there were no one to teach them, there would be no one powerful enough to challenge the thrones, and there would be peace everlasting.”
seem to be quite sharp. And he could probably out-stubborn anyone or anything in the whole of Michaeretz, if not Chamara.
“I am a knight, Sam,” the Lady Billie said. “I have sworn my loyalty to the crown and kingdom of Michaeretz. But,” she paused. The word hung in the air. The breeze slowed as if nature itself were holding its breath. “I
“Well,” said Crowley, holding up a hand and pushing out, which made the plant holding Dean’s arm push the knife down and away, “why don’t you take a moment to actually think and ask who benefited from the disappearance of the princeling?”
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, swinging a leg over and slipping to the ground. Angel didn’t seem to notice. He stayed standing where he was, head hanging so low his nose was deep in the long grass and almost touching the ground. The barrel of his chest swelled in and out like bellows. Dean ran his hand along the horse’s sweaty neck, and the stallion lifted his head a little to look at him with those strange blue eyes, so wide and sad-looking that Dean was suddenly moved.
The king’s guard, on their large and lively destriers, split apart and trotted around either side of the piazza, boxing it in. The carriage clattered directly into the square, and the rear guard formed a half circle around it. A few other carriages were allowed to pull up and form a line behind the king, and several knights trotted in wearing the many colors of their personal liveries. The rest of the crowd spilled around the square, milling in the grass and craning their necks between the guards who prevented them from entering further.
Angel balked when he saw him at first, cantered around the entire perimeter of the arena. But there was no way out and the horse was so, so clearly tired. Dean simply stood in the middle and watched him, hands in his pockets.
He left through the kitchen out the back door. The morning was as crisp as his first breath had promised, though now the horizon was just gaining some pink and orange. The grass was wet with dew and faintly from the town you could hear the rest of the world waking. Ellen’s cows lowed softly as the sheep and goats started their daily conversation. In fact…yes, Bobby could see: the barn door was already open.
“He tells them that they’re special. That he chose them, and that he was the one who gifted them with magic. And that with a word, he could take it away.”
He stared hard at her, studied her relaxed posture and the curious tilt of her head. He could find no sign of subterfuge. “A Demon,” he said at last. “A Berserker Demon.”
“Dean,” Castiel croaked. His voice was deep and scratchy, his throat burning from the fire, but now that he’d finally said it he couldn’t stop. “Dean, Dean, Dean.” It was the only word he ever wanted to say again. He grabbed Dean’s shoulder in one hand, cupped his face with the other—his hands!—and he was cold and lifeless to the touch. His wings arched high up; the long feathers cascaded down to the floor, shielding them from the room. “I love you,” he whispered, trembling. “I never needed you to love me too, it’s just that sometimes I don’t think you realize how many of the people around you really love you and I’m one of them. I love you, Dean.” Tears slipped down his face. “I love you. Dean, Dean, Dean.”
Dean let Sam go on about mass graves and horse leather while Jo made appreciative noises about other tools they used to make of horse gut and bone when their country was still new. He didn’t bring up that some of those ancient customs weren’t completely dead, that their mother Mary used to lament sometimes about craving horse meat like she’d eaten in her youth, her large extended family part of a nomadic group that roamed the country and lived on mustang. “But the first time I brought it home for you after a hunting trip you cried and cried,” she used to tell Dean whenever it came up.
The next day, when Castiel passed her nipping test a couple more times, Impala turned back to the inside of the paddock and looked over her shoulder, waiting. Cautiously, he followed. She brought him to a corner where a couple of the foals were leaping and twisting in some kind of equine dance. She nudged his flank to go toward them. When he stubbornly refused, she went up to them herself, and joined their dance. It should have been silly, seeing such a giant horse acting like a filly, but the height of her leaps and the strength of her twists just made her look magnificent. It made her look free.
The royal footman, his uniform a perfect match to the royal carriage’s white and gold motif, waited to descend from his station until after everyone else was ready. All but the guards dismounted from their horses when they saw him hop down. When he put his hand on the golden handle of the carriage door, window shaded with a gold curtain, the entire crowd grew silent. The handle clicked; the door span wide; the footman bowed. King Metatron stepped out of the carriage and smiled.
“It’s true,” she said. “Most folk who own black horses have either already sold them on, or are throwing dirt and whitewash on them to hide their coloring. You really haven’t heard about any of this?”
The king scoffed. “Dean, what do you think? Come here.” He beckoned him forward, into the light. Cautiously Dean joined him in front of Angel’s stall. The horse was backed up as far from the door as possible, glaring intently. “Anyone,” said Metatron, “who can break this horse deserves the post of Royal Horsemaster.”
“Noooo,” she said, falsely sweet, “you are not lost. You are here. Lost people do not just stumble upon
On the top of this hill, he stopped. The last time he’d been there, he’d been under the roof of their modest little cottage, where they all shared a table, and a bed, and a deep love for one another.
Near enough that Dean could hear the new chant without it growing preternaturally loud. It was a smaller spell, and one he’d heard before. One everyone in the royal stables had heard whenever they’d been tapped to help bring in mustangs for their growing livery.
Metatron didn’t seem to be worried about his height in the least, thought, as he walked confidently toward the still horse, purple cloak swishing about him. The stallion’s breathing, however, was getting worse. Though he was facing forward horses could see perfectly well to their sides, and all this pomp and circumstance was clearly bothering him, as well as being immobile. He could also just be spooked by the gold glinting in every direction, Dean allowed.
Dean ripped himself away and cried out at the cracking of his heart. He didn’t let it slow him. With all the speed he could muster, he raced to where Impala had stopped her flight from the fire, and made a running leap onto her back. Not a moment too soon: Sam was listing off to the side, nearly insensate, though he still clutched their mother’s bow. Dean scrambled to secure his little brother in front of him with his sword arm, and dug his free hand into Impala’s mane. At the touch the horse took off into an immediate gallop. Dean leaned as low as he could over her neck with Sam in front of him. The tears left cold tracks on his face in the sudden wind.
“Don’t underestimate his pettiness,” Crowley returned. “Metatron wanted Castiel’s position, his power. The whole mess of his jealousy and frustration is what underlies his wish to harm.”
The bow dragged in one hand, Sam the other - at only eight summers, he could barely keep up - but Dean ran. Their horse Impala stood not far off, no tack or saddle or even a rope to speak of. She shifted uneasily on the ridge of the hill their cottage sat on, her ink-black hide lit red by the fire in the near distance. Another boom shook the ground, tripping Sam and ripping their hands apart. “Sammy!” he shouted, reaching back, but Sam wasn’t moving to get up, wasn’t even looking at him.
Dean knew her well, and knew while it was not time to panic, she absolutely did not like something that was on its way here. He breathed in and out, forcing his own nervousness away to let calm flow through his limbs, signaling to Impala that he was aware and in control. She stomped once more but then mostly stilled. Her ears flicked this way and that, taking in their surroundings, before finally seeming to zero in on something. Dean kept his eyes trained in that direction, scanning the horizon, but then in th quiet he heard it: a horse’s whinny. Dean held his breath, waiting, not daring to make a sound. Then another whinny came, closer, desperate. Impala snorted again and tossed her head. Another moment and a party breached the horizon, four men on horseback and a fifth roped between them. The horses being ridden were bays and chestnuts but the riderless one in the middle was a pitch black, shinier than shoe polish in the bright sun. It was this horse that threw its head back and whinnied, pulling against its restraints, even as it ran. The other horses looked little happier; the riders’ arms were rapidly rising and falling, in the distinctive motion that meant they were being more than generous with the crop.
She didn’t respond, but did watch avidly as Sam opened the stall door and Bobby led the stallion inside. The stalls were generous in the royal stables, allowing free range of movement, so Bobby circled the horse so he was facing back out into the aisle. Rufus took the cue, stepping up and removing the expensive halter.
But when he went up to Gadreel, the horsemaster raised a hand to forestall him. “Yes,” he said. “I believe that’s enough.” He made some signal to his trainers, who coiled their whips and backed away. He reached into his pocket, pulling out the hated pouch of powder.
“I’m sorry,” said Dean, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” He and Sam hopped back onto the other side of the fence, and watched as a heavyset man climbed onto Angel’s back, laughing. Gadreel pulled a lever and the gate opened. Angel shot out into the arena and bucked once, twice: the man flew into the air. He’d barely lasted a second. The crowd broke into laughter.
“Yeah, and now I’m gifting it to you. Because Michael wasn’t your only parent, and maybe if the people want you to be king, it’s not him they’re thinking of, huh?”
Sam gave him a very hard look. “Angel isn’t evil,” he said, and marched back toward the hedges, and the horse.
The soldiers who guarded the southern city gate, largely a formality in recent years, at first saw only that there was horse and rider with particularly shiny equipment. As they drew closer, the shine resolved itself to show a fierce-looking black stallion geared up for battle, and a young man riding him who very much was not. Hesitantly their hands hovered over sword hilts and crossbows. Their commander, however, was a veteran of the Border War, and remembered well the time she saw Michael on the last day of his life, riding a horse with that very same armor. Moved at the unexpected sight, she stood down her soldiers. Horse, rider, and a dozen followers passed into the city.
Rowena recovered first. Abruptly she stood, squaring her shoulders. “Sadly, Lucifer is a matter that will have to wait another day. One mess at a time. So let’s go take a look at the prince and see what can be done, hm?” She opened the back door and marched into the garden without so much as a glance back.
Gadreel ignored him. “When you were finally brought back to us, after years of searching you were to be forced back into your human form and put on trial for treason.”
“I won’t be caught by him unawares, not again. Knowledge is its own power.” She stared back out the window, jaw clenched.
“I’d rather groom her first. Do you have a brush?” It looked like it took him a lot to ask for help, but he was going to power through for the sake of his horse’s comfort.
“This ain’t charity,” she retorted. “There will be plenty of time for milking and mucking tomorrow. I have to worry about you taking off before helping with morning chores?”
.” He didn’t think he’d ever been so enraged in his life. Most of it was fueled by the shame that ate away inside of him, knowing that he’d helped put Angel there when he couldn’t defend himself. Wasn’t going to let him free when he most needed defending now. “Everybody, back off!” He shoved his way to the chute, and stood at the front end of it. They’d already put a halter on the horse to make him easier to get back into the chute later. He waited for his chance and grabbed it on either side, forcing the stallion’s head down. “Hey,” he said, when he met resistance, “hey!” When Angel stopped resisting, he guided his nose to point to one side. Horses couldn’t quite see straight on, and he wanted one of those big blues trained only on his own face. “Hey,” he said more softly. “You know me? You know me, don’t you buddy? My brother and I sleep near you. We brush you. We feed you at night. We aren’t gonna hurt you. See?”
Instinctively, Castiel drew a deep breath. His lungs billowed out and a tingling sensation raced down his throat. Dozens of times people had blown at him to gain control; now Castiel blew, and flame erupted from his throat. It seared his mouth and shot easily to the far wall of the throne room, catching all the tapestries on fire.
Dean was torn. Even though Rowena had agreed to help, she was still a very powerful witch convinced his brother had magic, and she probably kept animals parts down there, and jars of blood, and every gruesome fairy tale the villagers used to tell around the bonfire came back to Dean in stunning detail. On the other hand, it seemed unfair to leave Castiel behind, as Rowena had declared she wasn’t letting him in until it could no longer be avoided.
Slowly his sobs petered out. Angel’s coat was damp where Dean had muffled his cries. Still Dean didn’t let go. He wanted to believe just a little longer. He wanted to feel safe.
She tilted an ear in his direction, and turned her head just enough that one of her large, round eyes could settle on his face. She nickered a soft little nicker, the one he’d only ever heard her give to him.
Dean turned around and blanched. He fiddled with the brush in his hand until Bobby got within easy talking distance. “I’m sorry,” he rushed, “I thought I’d be done before you got up and I know Ellen has chores for me to do but I really needed to take care of Impala first and you said it was okay to use your brushes and—”
They all turned and sure enough, two Reapers were riding through the outskirts of Horsetown, possibly heading the training grounds proper. Their long black traveling cloaks, glinting with silver runes when the sun hit them right, were a stark contrast to their pale horses. Their hoods were thrown back, though, so it was easy to see that it was the Ladies Billie and Tessa. Both of them were among the oldest people on the continent, having spent so much time around the magic the gods had blessed the royal line with, always keeping spells on their person as befit their station. Even without the spells gifted to them at special dispensation from the king, they were highest rank of knight. The many decades of training made their bearing regal, imbuing them with a stillness that would put all other predators to shame. Dean got butterflies in his stomach at their approach, something between nervousness and admiration. They were both deadly, and achingly beautiful either because of or despite it; Tessa with her light skin and glossy black hair, and Billie—though rumored to be a century older than her companion—just as lovely with her dark skin and luscious curls, both women looking hale and in the summer of their lives.
“Morning, Bobby,” she answered. “Jo’s asleep. Mind telling the boys they can get started letting the animals out to pasture?”
reverberated in his ears and the barrier crackled, and kept crackling. Impala roared and reared, bringing her massive hooves down on it again; this time it shattered into a thousand sparks and the Demon flung Dean aside. He’d barely stood before Impala charged and knocked him down with one gargantuan shoulder, trampling him beneath her. She skid in the grass and pivoted to charge again, but the Demon uncurled his fist, dropping a spell, and reappeared several yards away.
“What I see is a weary horse poorly used.” Then, ignoring the other man’s sputtering and the mutinous glares of the other wranglers, Gadreel ducked under the first rope so that he could circle the stallion. The black horse stamped and kept careful watch while the horsemaster made his circuit, but the man knew his work and remained calm, steady, no sudden movements. The wary horse did not attack.
“I ain’t letting anybody stick sharp points in a horse just to make him angry,” Bobby objected, as if reading Dean’s mind.
Rufus rolled his eyes to the heavens as Bobby made a swift exit. “Fine. This fool horse better not kick me.”
“Abnormally lucky,” added Crowley, who had already sliced his scone in half and was spreading a thick red jam on top of it.
Dean didn’t dare turn to look—if Impala or the stallion decided to attack he needed all the warning he could get—but thankfully Sam was still on the guy. “Back off,” his brother said.
With the ability to act, Dean felt himself calm. “You know,” he said, loudly enough that it resonated in the room, “you keep calling that horse Commander. And here I thought his name was Castiel.”
Someone in the crowd started clapping, and the applause spread across the square and beyond. After a moment, Gadreel bowed. “Your servant ever, my king.”
The people of Horsetown recognized Dean immediately, and the king’s horse, but so astounded were they by the stallion’s sudden docility they made no move to stop them as they turned onto the road.
, but I couldn’t move.” He took a deep breath and tried not to let the tears fall. “But I could see. I’ve never told anyone that, not even Dean. I could see it all. My parents tried to save him, too, but couldn’t get past some sort of magical barrier. So our horse Impala kicked it down. She saved us.” Sam took a moment to send a short little prayer to the gods for her safety. “Then she trampled the Demon. He, he should have died. But he stood up and. And there was Hellfire. Dean got me onto Impala and we got out of the way, but I was
Though still keeping low over Angel’s neck, Dean risked a look behind. Their pursuers had just begun galloping down the last of the inclines into the valley, but the Reaper was ahead of them, and gaining speed. Her hood had been ripped back in the wind, and long dark hair flowed like a banner behind her. Lady Tessa. Her chanting continued, filled the sky with its impossible volume, clanging with layers deep and rumbling, felt more than heard. She began to glow with a Reaper’s blue-white power, and her pale horse roared as it was imbued with the same light. Horse and rider galloped faster and faster with every stride, and within a blink she reached the flat valley while her cohort still had half the distance to go.
The horsemaster raised an eyebrow, mouth tightening as his eyes flicked to where the bit wasn’t sitting well in his steed’s mouth. “I am Royal Horsemaster Gadreel,” he said. “In all equine matters I speak for the king.”
Dean didn’t answer. Over the next crest a very large area of burnt land came into view, the small remnants of stone chimneys sticking up like broken teeth out of the ground. Their village.
“Magic is much more than most on the continent know. Come,” she said, beckoning him with a tilt of her head. “You have many more questions. I can tell you’re not quite
“I won’t,” she’d promise, always. Then she’d launch into other stories of her early life, before she met John in a tiny village where her family would stop to trade, and decided she loved him. Dean had never met her family, and never wished to; he could never quite shake that fascinated disgust of them he’d developed as a child, trying to picture the sort of people who would kill horses and rip them apart for their own use. It’s not that Dean had no respect for other animals, but horses were different. They weren’t just companions, they were practically people themselves.
The four men obliged as best they could, nudging their horses to the side and pulling the ropes taut in four directions, leaving the stallion more open to inspection. The ropes chafed at the horse’s neck, and his coat was shiny with sweat, muscles trembling with exhaustion, but it was nevertheless plain to see that this was no run of the mill animal. He stood at two to three hands taller than the horses around him, for starters. Dean would even estimate about 17 hands: a few inches shorter than Impala, but still bigger than most of the horses in the stables. His mane and tail were long and unkempt, the generous feathers above his hooves matted and filthy, but the horse’s bearing was proud, angry, and clearly very strong. Both Bobby and Rufus walked closer to the horse (not too close). The stallion tossed his head and whinnied, warning them away. His forelock flopped from his forehead to reveal the only marking on his coat: a white star on his forehead, remarkable due to what look like its perfect, circular shape.
—The longest and widest river in Chamara. Starting in the Micharim Mountains, it tumbles to the plains, contributes to the southern Telmalos, and eventually empties into the eastern ocean which borders Rafaelia. Where it separates the kingdoms of Michaeretz to the north and Luciterra to the south, a forest vast and near-impenetrable has grown since time immemorial.
Bobby watched the kid’s face carefully in the lantern light swinging outside the tavern door. Clearly the boys were down on their luck, and the sound of that much money would leave any horse owner having second thoughts. But he just frowned, and tucked himself closer under the horse’s neck. Sammy’s eyes went wide in fear and he tugged urgently on the bigger boy’s hand.
Her lips turned up slightly, as if she knew exactly the kind of effect she was having on him and found it amusing. “We passed the stablemaster on the way in and he told us if we wanted our horses to get the best treatment after a long journey, to bring them to the Winchesters.”
Given how thick and long the knife was, it must have been a big animal. “Uh,” Dean began. “That’s not from a horse, is it?”
The Harvelle barn was modest, but well made. The stalls were few but spaces, a couple holding some dairy cows, and a couple had sheep and goats already settling down for the night. One of them bleated a question at the intruders. The other side of the barn had empty stalls for any guests deciding to stay at the inn. Bobby’s own horse, Rumsfeld, nickered a small greeting. He was a retired workhorse, but still hearty. His hide was a rich dark brown and his shoulders wide and stocky. He was one of the strongest horses Bobby had ever raised, too.
His circuit finished. All of Horsetown waited, silent, for the verdict. Not even the smithy clanged with noise. The stallion himself still was trained toward him, and nickered: not a friendly sound, but not entirely unfriendly either. At length Gadreel turned to the expectant Salinger. “For this horse you may have one thousand crowns.”
The news of the king’s challenge had spread faster than a plague; posters were nailed up around the town and criers shouted the news for those who couldn’t read. Metatron’s special black stallion had proved untamable. Perhaps he was a Great Horse? Perhaps only a certain person could ride him? The king would never presume that it was him! Any number of his loyal citizens could be worthy. Would they like to try?
, “berserker” coming from Old Norse, this indicates that perhaps Lucifer’s supposed ingenuity is not so great as he makes it out to be.
have been able to take care of it from there, if His Highness, in all his wisdom, hadn’t felt the need to interfere.”
Ellen smiled a sad smile, and tugged the boy into her arms. “My Bill, too,” she whispered. Dean kept his arms crossed, but after a moment he sagged into the embrace. Bobby swallowed and looked away, blinking his eyes, thinking of his Karen. The Border War had taken so many.
“I don’t know how you do it, Castiel,” he said, a flower garland draped over his shabby coat. “You out-stubborned Gadreel and you convinced a low-born clod that you’re worth dying for.”
Despite their desperation, despite their need, the forest proved both friend and foe. The further in they fled, the slower the horses could run, now cantering as they dodged branches and jumped over fallen trunks. At least it meant that the Reaper, too, had to slow. Birds burst out from above them, squawking at the disturbance, and leaves fluttered to the ground as they crashed by.
“Gods, with that kind of gold they can look after their horses for the rest of their lives,” said Bobby. “What the hell were you thinking?”
Sam and Dean shared a dark look at this behavior, but nevertheless continued after Bobby. It was customary when a horse was being presented to its owner, often a knight or noble, for the grooms who’d prepared it to be at hand to answer for their work. Generally the owners felt no need to even acknowledge them, however, and Dean hoped that proved the same for the king.
Dean couldn’t argue that. The garden was haphazard and more than half creepy, but it was hearty and thriving. Cas stretched his neck and chose another apple for himself, straight from the tree.
Instead of refuting it, Sam leaned forward and loosed the ties at the collar of his shirt. Gently, he tugged it down over Dean’s left shoulder. Impala lifted her head out of Dean’s grip to nose it, then turned her head and sneezed. His skin was no longer decorated with a splash of freckles. Now a raised pink scar in the shape of a handprint wrapped his shoulder. Cautiously he reached up his right hand to touch it. His fingertips tingled, though that could have been his imagination.
Though the Winchesters now made their home in the royal stables outside Mt. Heaven, the friendship between Bobby and Ellen, and indeed now Sam, Dean, and Jo, had grown into a small enterprise between the stables community and The Roadhouse. Once a month a Harvelle - in recent years, almost always Jo - would hitch up their wagon and make the journey to Horsetown bringing barrels of beer and cider. In return, the stable folk would pay with spices and ingredients more readily available in the metropolis of the city, and oats and hay to keep The Roadhouse's small but growing enterprise fed. As there was no better brewmaster in the whole of Michaeretz, the stablemaster deemed it an excellent deal, and horsemaster and knights all turned a blind, knowing eye to it--and, perhaps, enjoyed some of the beer themselves.
He had not known Castiel well, especially as he grew older and dove headfirst into his studies, but as a child he’d been sent by his father to the stables to learn how to ride as any royal should. Besides, as an inheritor of the magic inherent in the royal bloodline, he could be powerful enough to live as many centuries as his father, or the rumored millennia of his grandfather, Charles. Unnaturally long life was a great burden to bear, but it came with the responsibility of leadership as ordained by the gods, and gave them the time to become the master of many crafts. Becoming a horsemaster was not out of the question. While he didn’t get to teach the little Prince to ride, he had had the honor of showing him how to care for a horse once you’re done riding them. Bobby remembered how small he’d looked next to the horses, both the war horses and the big draft animals used for labor. Just a pale little boy with wild dark hair, and big blue eyes that hung on to Bobby’s every movement. He used let him clamber up to sit on the edge of the stalls, and spoil the horses by feeding them juicy red apples. He’d giggle at the feel of the horse’s lips on his little hand, grinning so big his eyes would scrunch up. And always - Bobby tried to ignore the pang in his heart at the memory - he’d look to Bobby to see if he were smiling too, as if he’d wanted nothing more than to share his joy. People who understand that animals aren’t objects, have souls of their own, they’re good people. And if a horse likes you in their turn, trusts you to care for them and feed them, well…you’re a good egg.
In one swift movement, he stood and skirted around the edge of the patch, patting his hands free of the dirt. He walked toward the village’s remains, not caring whether Sam or the horses followed. With long strides he soon reached the first of the jumbled piles of stones, but walked past them still. Those stones had been the well in the village center. And that large pile, the hearth in the smithy. And past the last of the cottages of the single dirt path, another hill, mostly burnt, with its own little pile of stones to mark were a chimney had once stood.
Though Angel seemed resigned to his journeys to and from the paddock, he still did not often suffer either Winchester to touch him. After the third time he snapped at him for trying to get tangles out of his mane, Dean threw down his comb. “Fine!” he said. “But you’re not getting out of hooves.” Most days he was actually able to succeed in checking those, but not every day.
. He tripped as soon as the thought crossed his mind, almost tumbled over, but found his balance at the last second. He lowered his head and tilted it in the long grass, lifting his hands one by one—his feet, now—and saw that they were hooves, smooth and uncloven.
“Okay,” said Bobby agreeably. “I was planning to leave here in two hours.” A bald-faced lie: yesterday, he’d been planning to leave at dawn. But this was worth the wait. “That should give you enough time to do the work you promised Ellen. Talk things over with Sam. By the time I saddle up Rumsfeld, let me know what you decide. Here, take this.” He took a double crown out of his pocket, an old one of Queen Hannah in double profile: facing one way as a woman, and another as a man. He’s not sure why he never had it melted and reforged into the crowns with Metatron’s likeness. It just reminded him of better times, before the war. Now he was grateful, because whether or not the boys decided to come with him, they’d have a little something to help them get by.
Rowena whirled around and strode to her workbench, red curls whipping behind her. “Come watch, Sam,” she said. Sam hurried to obey, and Dean followed, interested to see more magic at work despite himself. A wide silver bowl was placed in the center of the bench, with several smaller bowls and jars sat around it like satellites, the ingredients she and Sam had prepared the night before. The witch poured them into the bowl in an order which made sense to her, precise and quick in her movements. She pinched the slightest bit of powder here, plucked a certain number of leaves from a dried stem there. When the mixture started to smoke without any use of flint or fire, Dean back away; then he was glad he did, because Rowena drew out a knife from the folds of her dress and dragged it across her own palm, dripping blood into the bowl.
“Why did he want Angel broken so badly? Badly enough he wanted us out of the way? It makes no sense.”
“He did?” The firelight flickered bright enough to show Dean that excited, hopeful look he got any time he started talking about their parents. Sam remembered a fair bit, but as the years passed it was clear that Dean could recall far more. Sam was always eager to hear it, and sometimes…sometimes Dean wanted to talk about it just as badly.
Dean looked to Cas, who made no indication he was uncomfortable with the arrangement. “Be right back,” he said, giving him a pat.
Dean woke with the moon in his eyes and horse scent in his nose. The sound of the Voda had become white noise, but opening his eyes made him hear it louder, anew. Sam was standing silhouetted against the river, a tall dark figure against the moonlight. Dean shifted, stiff, and eased himself away from Angel. Angel regarded him with a soft blink before heaving himself back onto his hooves. Dean wondered what he’d seen. Horses saw so much better in the dark.
Dinner was a low-key affair out in the garden. Castiel had had his fill of apples and grass, and was dozing nearby where they had a blanket laid out. They feasted on the bounty of the trees and bushes, fruits from all seasons, and bread and cheese from the larder and fresh water from a spigot that pumped itself.
Two of his assistants dismounted and one unbuckled a chest from her horse’s saddle. It was a dark wood trimmed in gold. She pulled a key from around her neck and opened it. The denizens of Horsetown looked on in shock as the two women together approached each man in turn, the one not carrying the chest handing five small bags of over 50 crowns apiece. None of them had ever seen so much gold in one place, not even those that frequented the castle on business. They jingled faintly as the men secured them in their saddlebags.
Kevin squared his shoulders and nodded dutifully. The rest of the tack was removed in short order, and in the commotion of Kevin directing the kids on who got to take what, Billie drew Dean aside.
Bobby gently touched the black stallion’s flank, in the just the spot that encouraged horses to move. Magicked into compliance, he responded easily and with some coaxing was led to the nearest bathing area in the stables. Here the floor was stone and easily mopped, right near a pump where they could fill buckets with water. Between Sam and Dean several buckets were pumped full in short order, and they wasted no time in splashing the horse, whose muscles didn’t so much as twitch. The three men scrubbed him down washing the dirt and sweat away. Though they said nothing, all of them looked darkly at the ring the ropes had chafed around the stallion’s neck, and were most gentle there.
“There’s just so much to be done,” Cas said ruefully. “If there were a more expedient way, I would take it. I have not yet learned to appear and reappear as Reapers do.”
Twine clattered down the last leg of the road and Max sat back down. “Whoa!” called Alicia, and the mare dropped to a trot before coming to a halt right in front of the Winchesters.
“Yes, Metatron was an Angel. A poor excuse for one,” she sniffed, “but he has some wiles of his own.”
Impala slowed and turned. She walked over to them with Sam, who looked tired but alert. “He had it?” Sam asked.
The room was smaller, far smaller than the entrance hall, but still about the same as a decent-sized paddock. A tapestry covered the wall to his left, but to his right was a painting so massive the wall could barely be seen at all. It depicted King Michael in full battle armor, with enormous white wings: this was how legend had him fighting in the Final War, though there had been no reports of it from the more recent conflict. In his hands he wielded a spear, whose pointed tip was rendered polished and gleaming by the painter, though it was in the midst of battle. The weapon was pointed at a dragon, pitch black and breathing fire, a beast of Amara—long extinct, if they had ever existed. Dean could only imagine how it might have felt begging an audience from King Michael, and seeing him the righteous victor.
“Yes,” said Crowley. “Metatron.” He crossed his arms, bunching the expensive fabric of his jacket. “I never liked the bastard, but then again I never liked most of the court. I don’t know how much of a hand he had in the king and queen’s deaths, if any. Lucifer is dastardly enough to have done it all his own.”
Sam looked at him, his big brain churning. “I agree with that,” he said. “But the castle is still going to be guarded. We have to find a reason for him to give us an audience without a fight. Try to find an even playing field for Castiel to confront him.”
The sight and sound of the water awakened thirst in all three of them. Sam and Dean slipped off of Angel’s back, and they knelt at the river to cup water in their hands, while the horse lowered his weary head. The water was bitingly cold. They drank it anyway, and drank some more, drank until their bellies ached.
“Because they’re malleable. You can raise a child into a whole world of lies, and most will never see past it if they love you enough.”
“Look at me, Sam,” she said, and waited until he met her eyes. “Azazel did target you for your magic, but there’s nothing you could have done. Not even a fully trained Reaper could have taken on a Berserker Demon, let a lone a wee boy. The spell he used was to make you come quietly. That’s all.”
“Of course not. You’re what changed. Or maybe that’s not completely fair,” Crowley acknowledged. “Clearly there was a decision to have a child in the first place. But when you’re effectively immortal, the lives of normal people seem so short and far away, as lovely as they might be. So you begin to think of them as you might a dog. Or an insect. The ex-Archangels, the few remaining Angels, even my mother, some of the time, forget that they’re exactly the same as the rest.
When he was done, Sam set the glass down and picked up the thread. “It worked,” he repeated, “to a point. We heard everything Gadreel said, we heard Metatron threaten to kill you…and then the stones shorted out. Rowena thinks it’s because the burst of magic Castiel used was too powerful for it to withstand.”
“I shouldn’t have left him,” Bobby lamented, and with that they turned a corner, the lamps up bright in their wing of the stables.
For almost four full days they’d been on the run, little food, little sleep; they’d been beaten by assassins, had the shit kicked out of them for riding hours on end, they’d lost the third member of their little family, stumbled through woods and webs and the gods know what else; these people attacked them with
Gadreel had not moved, still staring hard at the black stallion, which Dean just could not think of as Commander. Certainly not in this state, upset and unnaturally docile. “Horsemaster?” Bobby prompted, picking up the dropped lead.
Per the letter Ellen had sent Bobby earlier in the week negotiating that month's trade, Jo should be arriving not long before midday. The journey, usually a day's ride, took a little longer with a laden wagon, causing her to camp for part of the night along the way. It was perfect for Sam and Dean, because while there was always work to be done, they didn't really
Rowena propped her elbow onto the arm of her chair and rested  her chin on her knuckles. “So,” she said.
and he was surrounded by food! He tried ripping it up with his hands, pawing at the ground before he remembered. Indignity upon indignity, he stuck his mouth into the grass like a dog in his bowl, and pulled.
Bobby left them to it, going over to the pile of hay and wheelbarrow sitting in the back of the barn. He pitched a few forkfuls in the barrow. By the time he wheeled it back to Impala’s stall, Dean was done with his hoof inspection and helped Bobby put the hay in Impala’s trough. No sooner had they finished than Jo appeared again in the barndoors, Ellen on her heels. “I bet you boys are hungry,” she said.
—An enormous butte rising from the Great Plains of Michaeretz. It is the country’s capital. I conceived the castle and city which dwell on it as an (un)holy amalgamation of Mont St. Michel (heh, still Michael), the towns that perch on the eroding
“So I work with horses for a living, and I’ve never seen anything like her. What happened outside the Roadhouse today is going to keep happening, son.”
“Well,” Crowley shrugged. “You and Dean do share a profound bond.” When this statement was greeted with nothing but hunched shoulders, Crowley stepped a little closer. “Do you want my advice, little prince?”
“Then the child screamed,” Sam whispered. “And it turned into this hideous, animal sound…like a horse squealing in pain…” He shook his head, as if ridding himself of his own memory. “Just a dream, right?” he said, with a small, sad little smile.
“This is a story that many of you may not have heard of, though it’s one of the oldest of Michaeretz. I think, though, Robert,” added the king, turning to Bobby, “that you horse people might still tell it?”
This is what makes Castiel a rare man. From nobleman to peasant, humans are wont to give nicknames to their horses, though often teasingly, even facetiously, like saying, “Okay, princess” when a mare dares to ask for a little more. They might make a grand bow to wave a stallion into his stall, or doff a cap when passing by as if they were greeting a gentleman on the street, and then laugh as if it were some great jest. Not so, Castiel. He carries the pride of a horse with him, and respects them as the noble species they are. He has not let his hard won humanity erase what he learned when living at Impala’s side. He does not take for granted what a horse does to serve men.
“Yeah,” agreed Sam, but not like it was his final assessment. Dean waited him out. At length he said, “Why Angel?”
“She’s probably right, Dean,” Sam agreed, after a moment. “I’m sure Bobby’s doing alright with Angel but I worry, you know?”
Dean smiled and lifted a weak hand to stroke his horse’s face. “Ah, Baby, you didn’t have to do that. Not like I was dying or something.”
Instead of skirting the little dirt paddock, though, they rode right up to Gadreel and the Winchesters. Sam and Dean immediately straightened, standing to their full heights; Gadreel, whose posture was always perfect, simply bowed his head in respect. “Lady Knights.”
“Hey, buddy, hey calm down,” soothed Dean, using long, smooth strokes along the horse’s neck. Whether or not the horse had been aware a few moments before, he was certainly aware now, and Sam took back his position on the horse’s other side, assuring him that it was safe and those mean men weren’t coming back.
Angel, not having found much to his liking, went browsing further into the forest. His black coat, without the moon to highlight it, camouflaged him in the darkness. Sam and Dean had a better chance of surviving with Angel, blessed or not, so they’d best follow before they lost him. Dean didn’t even allow himself a sigh as he stood, helping his brother gather their meager belongings. Despite the fact a decade had passed since they’d last wandered, it was easy to fall into the familiar rhythm of pick up and go. As they each knelt to refill their waterskins one last time, Angel leapt back to the water’s edge and nickered at them. Nearly slipping on the wet rocks, the brothers whipped around and looked for a potential foe. But Angel just stamped impatiently and tossed his head.
“Smell something, Baby?” he asks her. He’s in full armor today and is mindful when he strokes her neck.
Impala backed out of Dean’s grasp. “Baby—” She bared her teeth when he tried to step closer again. “What—?” With a mighty roar she reared, the blue-white ropes stretching as she kicked up her front legs. Then she pivoted her landing, and galloped away, parallel to the forest’s edge, drawing the magic tendrils along with her.
The chanting stopped, their skulls ringing with its echoes. But still, she was gaining on them, eating up the distance with supernatural speed, glowing brighter than the nascent sunlight.
Bobby lifted his mug in silent tribute to the kid, wherever he was now. He drained it and slammed it back on the rickety little table with a sigh.
The Greenwood Forest lived up to its name, the treetops spread all around them like a luscious green carpet under pure blue sky. Leaves rustled and branches snapped as the cottage’s legs navigated the terrain, startling birds from their nests and sending them flocking into the sky. A few paced them for a moment, chittering angrily. By the flap of their wings and how they either veered off or were left behind, he calculated with no little trepidation that the cottage was crawling faster than a gallop.
“Why, Sam!” she exclaimed. “Don’t you know it’s impolite to ask a lady her age?” She pressed a hand to her heart, but ruined the outraged image by subtly dragging a painted fingernail across her breast, drawing attention to her cleavage.
“But let’s get straight to business!” Metatron spread his hands. “You were magnificent out there today.”
Dean nodded. He hoped it was enough. It was crude of him to draw out his time in the castle, stretch the hospitality, but he needed to hold on. He had to see Castiel one last time. There was always a chance he wouldn’t win the vote, but that chance was slim. Castiel was amazing, and generous, and strong, and everyone who met him could see it.
was taking things beyond reason. Dean had been expecting to get thrown out, but assassins? He sat up fully. Angel raised his head a little at the movement, and looked back at him. For ten years,
He clasped his hands across his belly, scanning the faces of his listeners, from the wide-eyed pages to the nobles fanning themselves and the commoners beyond them. The king certainly had everyone’s attention; Dean’s especially, as he’d heard about Great Horses before, but not a version like this.
It has been a long time since Impala has seen Gabriel, though she didn’t know him well. And her name was not Impala then, not yet. But she thinks that maybe Castiel has the right of it. She nickers her support.
Just then, Sam came tottering back in with the large bucket, full to the brim. Bobby helped him lift it onto a hook in the nearest stall, while Dean took their meager belongings from Impala’s back. Docilely, as if she hadn’t crippled a man ten minutes before, Impala walked into the stall with no prompting and stuck her nose right in the bucket. As she drank, Dean took Sam’s bow and put it in the far corner of the stall. He took the sword off from his back and set it there, too, so that anyone who might want it would have to get past their enormous horse first.
“It’s alright, kid,” he said. He nodded to the pile of tools on the ground. “You know how to use all of those?”
Dean tried not to tense up, keeping one elbow on the fence and looking casually up at the horsemaster. He wasn’t sure if he was completely aware of the deal the brothers had struck up with Bobby, that Impala was only there in the stables by the grace of their continued employment. Everyone who lived in Horsetown day in and out respected the agreement, and were grateful for the fine foals she’d added to their stock, but in this moment Dean didn’t feel an ounce of trust toward Gadreel. Still, he had to approach carefully. “Impala would never let herself be put behind a fence she couldn’t easily clear.”
Castiel climbed the dais built just for that purpose, and after some words from a few members of parliament, Crowley lifted the crown from its special chest, and placed it upon Castiel’s head.
“That’s not good enough!” Dean shouted. The others startled, and a bird flapped away from inside a bush, squawking. Castiel woke from his doze. “By that time Metatron will have run the country into the ground and Lucifer will be knocking on our doorstep!”
“Y’all never learn, I swear,” Jo admonished them, laughing. But she slugged Sam in the arm good-naturedly, and the two of them stumbled over to Dean, crashing onto the wooden bench on either side of him. “You know what I keep thinking about?” she said, her breath thick with alcohol. “That Great Horse hooey. You ever heard of that before?”
Dean was supposed to get some rest, but looking at the horse still with his head in the window, he figured it didn’t matter. Sam seemed fine, no cute and fuzzy creatures were being maniacally ripped apart, and one more night in the outdoors wouldn’t hurt. “Sammy.”
Sam contemplated this for a moment. Then he resettled Dean’s shirt and redid the ties. “Cas is just Cas, Dean,” he said, and changed the subject.
“Come, come now, we’re all friends here! Stand! No need for this nonsense!” The king laughed, slapping Gadreel on the back, and the nobles obligingly tittered as they rose from their obeisance.
toward everyone, as far as Bobby could tell, but there was just something about the way he seemed a little
When they were out of sight, Ellen raised her eyebrows at Bobby. “You want to tell him, or should I?”
When the horse was clean and brushed, Bobby and Sam started work on his mane and tail, while Dean knelt to inspect the horse’s hooves. He picked up one of the horse’s back legs and examined the hoof’s walls; the horse may not have been a proper mustang, but the thick hoof wall in no need of trimming indicated that he might at least have been feral for a few years. This was a horse used to being on the move, and not idling in a barn or stable. It needed no more than a perfunctory cleaning from his journey, no rocks or irritants embedded in the soft inner flesh, and happily this was true for the other three hooves as well.
Rowena sat still, paused mid-chew, and Crowley was frozen with his scone nearly at his lip, jaw hanging open.
Within a couple of hours, they were free of the forest. As soon as the cottage crossed the threshold into the prairie, it hunkered closer to the ground, the tree-legs bending more sharply and the building sitting low between them. It moved even more freely in the open air, scuttling up and down the hills of Winchester before speedily crawling its way across the flatlands. Though they avoided towns and villages, they could not avoid all living things in Michaeretz. Bands of horses scattered at their approach, and more than once the roots had to bury themselves deep into the sod when riders were spotted in the distance. During those tense moments, Dean actually wished for them to be roaming horse-eaters like his mother’s family, instead of knights.
Dean swallowed, halfway into dressing his second scone. “That makes no sense. Only royals are born with magic.”
“That will be enough of that,” came a new voice, loud and commanding. That steady, even voice was instantly recognizable to all those in Horsetown: the Royal Horsemaster, arrived just in time.
By the time he was done telling Bobby the finer points of getting tangles out of a horse’s tail, Sam and Jo were up and feeding the chickens, by the sound of it.
Then Dean was on his back, staring at the arches in the ceiling so, so far away. He thought he heard Angel roaring…no…Castiel…but Cas was stunned. Maybe it was just the roaring in his ears.
“What would you have me do then, Lady?” Gadreel, uncharacteristically terse. “I do not have the time to fetch a team of experienced wranglers to drag him into the chute.”
Sam stayed on his perch and Dean shifted awkwardly, eyeing the cloth-covered baskets the girls were holding. “We’re not looking for charity. I said I would work and I will.”
Dean sighs and releases the tension. “Come on,” he says, with the barest squeeze of his legs, the lightest flick of the reins. Dean only ever suggests to her, and that’s one of the many things she likes about him. Of course, she wouldn’t deign to be bridled or ridden by just
—Yeah, I know. The Green Woods Woods. Spreading wide on either side of the River Voda, it marks the natural border between Michaeretz and Luciterra. Rowena uses the term
With one last look at Angel, who hadn’t moved an inch during the conversation, Dean led the way back to the stables, the Reapers’ pale horses Scythe and Sickle pacing them at the shoulder. As the worked their way across Horsetown everybody, no matter how fast they were running to get to their next task, paused a moment to watch the Reapers pass. When they finally reached the stables and led the knights to the nearest grooming station, where they could bathe the horses and five them the full treatment, they’d gathered with them a gaggle of stable kids in their wake, spilling out of the woodwork like termites begging to be fed.
“Okay, Dean,” Sam usually said, not bothered. Which just pissed Dean off more, because what the hell was he smiling about?
He hauled himself up off his barrel, finished off his cordial, and went to Rumsfeld. “There you go,” he murmured, as the horse took his due.
And thus it was that the new king began his reign with love for both an enemy and a friend, and the people who looked on, his people, felt something returned to them that had been broken since the Border War: trust.
Another sharp pain in his flank! He leaned in to bite her back, but Impala pranced easily out of his reach, and again went to the other side, lowering her head to graze.
Sam shivered and closed his eyes, the meal growing heavy in his belly. “It’s true, then. He infected me.”
“I’d never make fun of you for wanting to take care of your horse,” Bobby assured him. “It’s the least we can do for ‘em.” Dean loosened up a bit. “I have some supplies you can use, but I’m sure Impala would appreciate a bath in the river tomorrow to get her all clean first, don’t you?”
He did not move until Impala nudged him with her nose. She nuzzled under his chin. He held out for one more moment before throwing his arms around her neck and hiding his face in her mane. Vagabonds all over gain; orphans anew. But they had to carry on. What else was there?
“I’m fine,” said Dean, wiping his face off with his dirty sleeve. It mostly smeared the blood around.
Gadreel tore his eyes from the stallion. “It may be some time before the spell wears off. Take him to a stall so he is not harmed.” He waited only long enough for Bobby to nod before turning on his heel and joining the rest of the court.
Crowley was supremely unbothered by the rolling motion of the cottage, even pouring himself another cup of tea without spilling a drop. Castiel had made his way to the window in the wall next to the front door and was looking out. Clutching the workbench and doing his best not to fall over, Dean joined him. When he looked out the window too, he saw what had the prince so entranced.
Then came the Harvest Festival, and that terrifying hour in the ring. When he’d been led to that small cage he had been so certain he was about to be slaughtered. But Dean came, and made his promises, and called him Angel. So he tried to be strong like a warrior, like his father, but the men and women were cruel, and dug spurs into his sides, and threatened him with whips. There was no escape. He still didn’t truly trust Dean, but what else could he do? He’d rather take the word of a groom than the smiles of the tyrant laughing in the stands. When that same tyrant offered Dean the job of Gadreel, he feared that he would jump at the chance. But he did not; and Castiel’s trust grew.
They didn’t wait to hear more. Using their size and height they made good time through the crowd, Kevin slipping after them in their wake. When they got to the arena they ducked around the side of the stands were a gate was that led into the maze of the wooden fence structure. Despite the press of the people that filled both the stands and were crushed up against the outer fence, it soon became clear what the problem was: a horse was roaring in pain and fear.
“We have done nothing to betray this country,” said Dean. “Impala was never bought by the king. Her services as broodmare were a trade for her food and lodging. We worked for the same. And Angel…” Dean swallowed. “They would have killed him. They were willing to kill us.”
Crowley took a final bite of an apple and tossed the core over his shoulder. “There’s always more than one way, but that would probably be the most expedient. We’ll have to find allies, come at Metatron from a place of strength.”
Rowena waved her hand, the runes faded back into the walls, and the cottage set itself gently down on the plains a little after midday.
Bobby led the way back into the stables, taking a right in the colonnade to start heading to Sam and Dean’s corner, the one with the troublemakers. Stable kids and other young servants of Horsetown scattered at their approach; that was definitely Alicia’s hair trailing around a corner. They soon found themselves alone but for Impala, who paced them by a few lengths as they made their way down the hall.
Jo had already run ahead at her mother’s bidding, and was waiting to let them into the gate. The only light was coming from a lantern she was holding, but the moon was mostly full and Bobby knew the way well, after years of being friends with the Harvelles. The boys followed along with their horse, though Bobby was surprised they weren’t using a rope or halter of any kind. Jo unlocked the gate when they were close and shoved it open. They stepped inside and Bobby led them past the garden and the chicken coop and toward the barn. After clanging the gate shut behind them, Jo ran ahead again to unlock the barn doors. Then she flit from lantern to lantern, lighting the inside.
“My son has always been softer than he needs to be,”she lamented. “He is worried for his charge. Against all reason.” She sighed and looked at  the table, its crockery askew and crumbs and jam everywhere. “Be a dear and help me clean up, won’t you?”
There were twin shrieks of laughter, and they looked over to see Jo rolling around on the ground, and Sam laughing so hard he was clutching his sides.
“Yes, witchcraft and trials and lessons learned,” she agreed. “Didn’t I already tell you the folklore is true?” She winked and pushed another berry between her lips.
Dean awoke in the pre-dawn light to the chirping of birds, and the steady rip of grass as Castiel grazed for breakfast. When he opened his eyes, a bunny getting in its dark spring coat was snuffling right in front of him. A smile slowly spread across his face. “Hi, buddy,” he told it. “Better get out of here before the mean witch lady puts you in the cellar.”
Soon—too soon, and not soon enough—the shining pinnacle of the royal castle atop Mt. Heaven glinted at the edge of the northern horizon. Then the entire city could be seen, the gargantuan butte the only thing visible for miles across the prairie. As they drew closer, they had to squat down more and more often to avoid travelers. Then they were too close to the farms on the outskirts of the capital, and could go no further.
“Yes, it’s possible he would be less adamant if you’d simply taken the mare. So why risk stealing him?”
Dean’s heart was pumping wildly, but he didn’t move. In a full out fight there was no beating a Reaper of her caliber. But why wasn’t she attacking? Were there any others, hidden in the shadows? He swallowed and licked his lips. “Lady Knight,” he acknowledged.
The morning of the festival, Sam and Dean found themselves startled from sleep when it was still full dark. They’d already been up too late the night before, helping Ellen and Pam unload another wagon of Harvelle drink and setting up their own stand by the arena, so it took a few seconds for the noise to coalesce into words.
If Crowley noticed, he didn’t acknowledge it. “My mother’s been cultivating this tree for centuries,” he told them. “Witchcraft is messy, but has its own beauty, at times.”
So he said nothing as Gadreel came down the day after and confronted him in the middle of mucking a stall. Just nodded when he said, “Bring Commander to me in the training paddock.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean smirked, but he barely lifted his leg before Impala suddenly pivoted and trotted away from the courtyard, south. Only instinct kept him from losing his seat, his body responding before thought could catch up. He looked back over his shoulder and shrugged at Bobby—you can’t really pick a fair fight with a horse and win—who narrowed his eyes thoughtfully before turning his attention to Beryl, who was fidgeting restlessly in his harness. As soon as Dean saw Jo rush to the normally placid stallion’s side, he looked forward and tried to figure out where Impala was heading.
“Yes, exactly,” she smiled, though it was with approval rather than flirtation, thank the gods. “But we could be looking at decades, even centuries. Let’s see if we can’t hurry the process along a little, shall we? Move back boys.” She waved her hand at Sam and Dean, who dutifully moved a few feet away. Rowena and Crowley began circling Castiel who, after a few minutes, heaved a longsuffering sigh and looked for more apples. Dean sat down in the grass, leaning his back against an enormous pumpkin, and Sam slowly followed suit.
The man in question grunted, already undoing the ropes around the horse’s neck as if they’d personally affronted him. Sam jumped to help his as the others holding the ropes handed them off into his care. Dean slipped from Impala’s back and gave her a small pat on the rump, letting her know she could wander off for the time being.
He brought up his other arm to fully embrace Angel’s neck. He didn’t know what the horse really was, nor what was true, but he and Sam could use rest, and food, and allies, and after leaving Impala behind he could hardly bear even the thought of leaving Angel as well. “Fine,” he whispered to him. “You win.”
The five horses thundered into the courtyard of the stables, and the riders pulled hard on their bridles. The black horse lunged while they were distracted, and if the ropes hadn’t been attached to the other horses, who balked and whinnied at being pulled in different directions, it may have succeeded. The foremost rider took his crop and gave the horse a sharp snap on the chest to force it back. “Stop that,” the man snarled. His hand twitched toward the large whip coiled to his saddle, Dean would bet the only reason he hadn’t used it yet was because he thought it might fetch him a lower price if the horse looked too beat. And judging by the folk bristling about him, he also bet that he wasn’t the only one who was drawing conclusions about these men.
He did not know how long he wandered before he came back to himself, starving and thirsty. Never before had he thought of grass as anything other than what it was, but his nose was telling him it smelled
“You have a deep well of untapped potential, Sam. Far too much, in fact, to have had no sign of it, which is probably why you asked. You’d make a fine witch with the correct training.” She gracefully spread her hands. “What did you think I meant?”
The other horses ignored him because he was a person who looked like a horse. Impala had decided to treat him like one of her colts, and was teaching him how to
The brothers obligingly stacked her chosen books into even towers and hefted them back up the steep steps. They were surprisingly heavy. Blinking in the bright yellow light of the main room again, they set the books down on the table next to Crowley, and Rowena—after kicking the trapdoor shut behind her—lined up her ingredients on the workbench. “Bring me Arachne’s Grimoire,” she commanded, holding out a hand without turning around.
After drinking and washing their hands and faces, Sam and Dean took in the terrain, and quietly discussed their options. There wasn’t much cover in such a land, but there was a spot where a few small hills met close together, and settling in the dip between them was the best shelter they were likely to find. “I’ll take first watch,” said Dean, when they’d come to an agreement. Sam shrugged, looking as drained as Dean felt.
Impala's true name is the name of a real horse goddess worshiped in ancient times, and comes from Gaulish (ancient Celtic tongue).
Castiel whinnied in surprise, leaping around to glare at Impala who was nickering in a way Castiel instinctively understood as laughter. He snorted at her and stamped his hoof.
Then again, he also felt he now understood Bobby, who always called it a “damn headache” any time he was forced to attend one.
The brothers, at least, had one advantage over most other grooms: they had their own weapons. Their mother’s bow was strong and sturdy as ever, and their father’s sword of such high quality that Benny gave them the side-eye for weeks after he first saw it, convinced there’s no way they hadn’t stolen it. Both weapons were too big and heavy for the boys they were, but determination and hard work had them swinging and pulling in no time. So no, they couldn’t train with the knights, but they could watch, and they could train with each other—and Jo, when she was around. In fact she was privy to her own school of kitchen work and rowdy drunks, and there was no one better at the knife, whether throwing it or in close quarter combat, entirely untroubled by the code of chivalry endemic to the ranks of knighthood.
Sam stepped in and followed her up the walk. Angel gave Dean another nudge in the shoulder. “Yeah, yeah,” he said, and crossed the threshold.
“I wouldn’t be so sure of that.” It was a deep woman’s voice, quite calm with just a hint of an edge.
“But Angels were the elite,” said Sam. “If anyone could have magic, they couldn’t all have been Angels, or part of the Darkness.”
But Castiel understood. “You recognized these changes in my mother…because you felt them in yourself. Crowley—”
Crowley stayed on top of it pretty avidly. “Your name has been kicked around, you know,” he told Dean one day as they shared a whiskey in the garden against healer’s orders.
Just then Impala lifted her head and looked toward the road. Honed by years of necessity, Sam and Dean immediately turned their heads in the same direction; a horse’s senses were strong and quick and best to be trusted, especially Impala’s. From his vantage point on her back, Dean spotted what had caught the mare’s attention first: a large wagon practically overladen with barrels and kegs. “Jo!” he said. Then to Sam, “You mind?”
No, he couldn’t be. Myths and legends—there were no gods, no spirits. Just one birth, and one death, and the struggle to make it from one to the other. If there were Great Horses that means that gods blessed people, and if gods blessed people that means they blessed the royal family with magic, which means that Metratron truly does have right of rule, and that if he wants Sam and Dean dead, then the gods must, too.
“Because His Majesty King Michael was, aside from his father Charles, his aunt Amara, and quite possibly his brother Lucifer, the most powerful mage this world has ever known. Thus his power was such he could wield the spells that would make him effectively immortal—barring a challenge which was, of course, his end.” Crowley gave an eloquent shrug, and finished his tea. “But the prevailing thought in court was that a few dozen centuries down the line, he would follow in his father’s footsteps and retire from public life, leaving his beloved son the throne, who would not only be strong enough to hold his seat in magic, but in will.” He tipped his teacup back and forth, as if studying the dregs, before setting it back in its saucer with a delicate
Impala’s tail an inch away from the fire that engulfed Dean’s parents, melting chainmail into their flesh.
Upon reaching Horsetown a small crowd had already gathered to greet Jo, and the drink she’d brought. Most were servants from the kitchens sent to fetch the barrels of ale and cider inside; others were milling about between chores in hopes of snagging a bottle or two of something stronger, for the right price. The courtyard was empty besides a few stable girls and boys sweeping away the manure, but the chimneys of the kitchens and the smithy were puffing, and the clang of metal on metal could dimly be heard.
An odd series of expressions flit across Dean’s face, too fast for Bobby to parse them. But there was no doubt it hardened into suspicion and defiance. “I’m not selling her,” he said. “Impala’s my family, just like Sam.”
They contemplated this for a while. Sunlight moved across the wall, framing Hannah’s two faces, equally strong and beautiful.
Metatron had been on the hunt for black stallions. But Angel seemed to satisfy his desire before he’d ever proven so difficult to break. The king hadn’t been looking for any black stallion, he’d been looking for
Dean ran his fingers along Angel’s face, trying to memorize the softness of his dark coat. Tracing a small scar on the horse’s neck, he said, “And then Metatron.”
But Dean didn’t train him. With the snow piling up and the days growing shorter, there was less work for everyone to do. Dean started visiting the paddock more often, especially since Impala would show up more often than not. Some days she would jump in with the others, and Dean would sit on the fence and laugh at her antics. Other days he would bring out all his grooming gear, and talk to her sweetly, not afraid to swat at her when she teased him, this enormous horse that most other people wouldn’t go near.
“In essence,” said Rowena, “his intent was to separate Castiel from his power and from his people. He was convinced of the prince’s unworthiness. Ergo, the prince must prove himself worthy.”
Angel was lying in the far corner of his stall on heaps of straw, beaten and bleeding. There were whip wheals not only on his flanks, but his legs, his neck, even a couple shallow ones on his face. But his body bore the brunt of it, thick wounds, deep and still oozing. There were scores of them. Angel looked up at him and snapped his teeth, though he wasn’t in reach.
“I said his name,” the man answered. “Names carry a very particular kind of power. And it’s been a long time since you’ve heard yours, hasn’t it, Your Highness?”
So it was that in the middle of the afternoon on a lovely spring day, a groom in his homespun clothes and bare feet rode to Mt. Heaven on a royal steed.
For a moment, the world was quiet. The full moon shone through the window and settled on his parents’ faces, limned in silver their bright eyes and the thin lines of their mouths. Mom’s chainmail glittered on her chest. Blood dripped from her sword. Sammy wrapped a hand around Dean’s arm and dug his fingers deep. The air was thick with the weight of each second that fell.
last he ever saw of them, his mother hooked her burning fingers and gouged the Demon right in his yellow eyes, just as his father forced his knife and forearm all the way up the Demon’s ribcage, straight to the heart.
“Bobby,” Sam pleaded, tears streaming down his face. If anyone had a chance of getting through to Gadreel, it was him.
They hopped over the fences to take the quickest way to the portion of the arena that had been built overnight, the chute where Angel was now house, kicking and gnashing. Bobby, Rufus, and several hands were trying to get the horse to settle, but the stallion looked beyond reason.
King Lucifer, came the rumors from the southern border, was a great sorcerer, second only to their own King Michael. To his elite warriors he gave magic spells, which they wove into their armor and their weapons. More spells they wore in pockets and bottles and pouches, which they flung out in battle, causing mayhem and destruction wherever they fought. But Lucifer’s greatest gift, they said, was a spell that altered both body and mind, which he would breathe into them before every great battle: his warriors would become Berserker Demons who felt no pain, were imbued with a strength four times their own, and had no will but that of their lord. The concentration of sulfur in the spellwork and the great power it contained turned their eyes a glowing yellow. With Lucifer’s sorcery, a single Demon could take out an entire battalion. Or so they said.
Under the noise, Metatron beckoned Gadreel close, where only they and, incidentally, Bobby, Rufus, Sam, and Dean could hear. “I want this horse broken by the Harvest Festival, understand?”
“Stop this right now!” said Ellen, but the drunkards were beyond reason. She came over to where the other men were still ganging up on the boy, swinging a large club, and brought it down on one of them.
There was a considering pause, like he had to process how to answer, and then Angel shook his large head in a very, very human manner.
He held an arm out to the side, inviting them in. Castiel walked, hooves loud on the stone above the whispers of the crowd, and passed the threshold into the courtyard. Dean glanced behind them and saw how the guards preventing anyone else from following. The heavy doors swung back shut.
“Word of advice, son,” Bobby said, his mild voice belying the scathing energy most of Horsetown was seething with at Salinger’s attitude. “Don’t get in the horse wrangling business if you don’t know how to wrangle horses.”
Dean flexed his hand, thankfully unbroken though still throbbing in pain. He hadn’t felt that particular pain in awhile, though it was as familiar to him as the sun in the morning and the moon at night. For years Dean had taken the lessons his parents had taught him, how to tuck his fingers, how to brace his shoulder, how to shift his weight to bring down another person. For years he’d protected himself and Sammy, protected Impala from bandits and would-be thieves. For years he had to prove himself in Horsetown, defending his promotion as a teenager and keeping the bullies off of Sam. And that’s all this was, wasn’t it? Just a bigger, meaner bully, who thought it was okay to murder people on a whim and watch them
“No,” said Sam, slowly. “He almost died with King Michael, and no one actually won the Border War.” He looked at Rowena and Crowley in turn, and then over at Angel, whose eyes and ears were completely centered on their conversation. “Metatron.”
Mother and son stared at each other, but without the petty irritation of all their earlier squabbles. There was something dark and complicated between them, that spoke of many long years of fraught family dynamics—but family nonetheless. Rowena swallowed and took a breath. “The smart thing would have been to back the winner.”
“It’s not just the king,” Max said, loud enough for everyone to hear. “It’s Horsemaster Gadreel and several knights and half the court besides!”
“I’m getting that.” Dean moved up into a crouch, and half-stepped his way over to Angel at a measured pace. When the horse gave no indication he should stop, he settled next to him in the mud, and reached to pet him. Angel sighed and let his eyes go half mast again. “What’s going on, Angel, huh?” Dean asked, scratching behind the stallion’s jaw. The horse gave a desultory snort.
The sky’s blue deepened with dusk. In the flashes of dying light against the water Dean saw the flash of Reaper magic. In the river’s flow he heard Tessa’s chanting—could it be that she had ever smiled at him, and then could look so murderous as she wielded her power against them?—and the steady, inexorable sound of the knights’ pursuit. Over and over again, as the stars faded in overhead and small bats flit low over the water, snatching insects, Dean saw Impala running, and rearing. Saw the wild light in her eyes as she bucked Sam off. In the slight breeze he felt the softness of her nose, nudging his cheek, one last time. How she turned and leapt away, pulling the magic with her. Away from him and Sam. Away from Angel.
“Look, it’s a long story but we figured out why Metatron wants Ca—Angel so badly. And it’s nothing good.”
He left his brother to the books, and did a little more exploring. Between the irregular gaps the shelves made, something was shining in the sod, where no roots penetrated. He grabbed one of the hanging flower lanterns and titled it closer.
