“Nobody specific, geez. Assholes who ran my Group House kinda fit the job description, though, if you needed someone to glare daggers at.” It doesn’t console Cas; quite on the contrary. Claire shakes her head. “That was a joke. I’m allowed to make jokes about it.”
?” In an instant, Dean sits up straighter, opens his eyes a bit wider. The room is dimly lit and he can’t see much, but that’s not the point. “Cas, you should’ve called. Are you all right?”
There’s another thing that bugs him, though - something much more about “here and now” than “back in the day when Dean still had some real influence on Sam’s character”. Claire said something about frying bacon, and then she mentioned the sauce—
He hardly has to think about the answer.
sleep. He knows that. They approach it like it was some kind of a wild animal, unknowable and confusing - Sammy, for example, at the tender age of three would then only succumb into slumber if someone spent a few hours playing tag with him. From the day one Sam understood shit about sleeping, and Dean never knew how to say no to his little brother - chasing him around one motel room or another was easier than pretending he was fit to raise a toddler.
aren’t paying for anything -
In the middle of the night, Cas is this: warm skin against Dean’s, eyes that never
. Still, though, he can’t help but soften his voice as he says, “Thank you, Cas.”
“Claire...
Cas sighs as if the shortage of pans was his personal failure. “Next time,” he says.
would be a good term. The blankets were almost always clean, the food didn’t make your stomach turn, and the clear schedule was something Dean learned to enjoy (even though he’d never admit it).
“Well, can’t argue with that. I’m a nosy guy.” Dean shrugs. “Still, I don’t see a problem here. You make good nap insurance.”
Cas hums his agreement.
One place Dean could never get a wink of sleep in:
“You can’t be sure about that.”
make the pizza?” Dean asks, unsure what to think about the idea of Claire and Cas baking anything that didn’t come with a set of prep instructions written on the box. “Like, from the scratch?”
He doesn’t want to think about this, but the image of Dad flashes through Dean’s mind: pale lips pursed in a thin line, eyes hooded with mild disappointment. What was John supposed to do with a kid who exhausted himself to the point where he couldn’t hold a machete straight? Not sleeping was unacceptable.
Dean groans, because that was really, really terrible. He’s not sure whether to be proud or terrified of Claire –  both sound sensible.
“Nu-uh, you won’t guilt-trip me into being boring,” Claire shouts back, but she’s not angry or irritated; the wide smile on her face is telling enough. “Finish the sauce and get your ass here. I’m hungry.” She turns back to Dean, and after half a second of consideration, plops down on the armchair opposite Dean’s couch. “Are you hungry? You were out for almost five hours, man. This much sleep would make me fucking ravenous.”
He’s out cold before he knows it. As far as party tricks go, this one has never failed him yet.
Cas makes a low, noncommittal noise and seats himself next to Dean. The couch is narrow;  their shoulders touch. Cas must’ve spent the last few hours driving, and another few before that working the actual case – he doesn’t sleep and the cold doesn’t bother him, so he often turns into a human-shaped approximation of an icicle when he gets back to the bunker after solo jobs.
Without further ado, Dean does just that - pizza is pizza, right? If any of the toppings turn out to be too nasty, he’ll just transfer them to Cas’ slice.
It’s never stopped.
that stuff. The bonfire, too. I figured out he’s mostly seen fire during funerals, and that’s… not right, man. That shit is so much better without the sound of salt sizzling in the background.”
Now it’s a good thing, no doubt. Dean isn't sure if he wants to listen to Sam’s childhood stories. He’s been there, breathed that air, lived all these misadventures that Sam treats like anecdotes now - he knows only a few of them don’t suck.
we’re already here
“So it seems.”
The thing is, Dean can sleep anywhere.
Woah, that sounds just like a classic Cas-Sammy interaction. Honest to God, Dean has no idea how come he’s done such a spectacularly poor job while raising his little brother. Is it the direct consequence of always pushing his share of veggies onto Sam’s plate when they were kids and nobody had yet told Sam spinach was nasty? Damn, Dean should’ve known better.
Fake it till you make it, they say. Tell a lie a hundred times and watch how it becomes true. Dean knows everything about trying, making effort, pushing himself to the edge of his comfort zone to embrace whatever needs to be embraced (for the greater good, of course). That’s something he’s pretty decent at - after all, you don’t have to have a diploma from Juilliard to play an FBI agent in a backwater town in the middle of nowhere. For this purpose, a GED is more than sufficient.
And if he says everything is okay, Dean can only believe him.
“What can I say?” Dean says. “I’m a wonder of nature. Don’t question it, kiddo.”
of little routines like this. Sometimes it’s snoring – Sam snores like a locomotive fed with one shovel of coal too many – and sometimes it’s how they twist and turn in their sleep as Charlie used to (one time when they shared a motel room Dean woke up to see she had somehow turned herself around in the slumber, head hanging off the edge of the bed).
“Dean lost some of his smell,” Cas says after a moment, his deep voice a pleasant addition to the low hum of the engine. Another conscious decision: Dean lets the two engulf him, wash away the unpleasant aftertaste of having other people talk about you. “I don’t know if it was because of that Lysol substance, but when I first met him, his olfactory sense was impaired to a degree.”
Dean is coming apart at the seams, and it scares the living daylights out of him. When he goes to sleep, he wants to lie in bed and keep himself afloat for just a few minutes more, just long enough to catch a tune of white noise lullaby he likes more than the other sounds. When he wakes up, he wants to keep his eyes closed for a while, just for a heartbeat or two.
“I could eat.” Dean shrugs one shoulder. He’s not, by any means, starved, but then again, who is he to say no to a pizza? “Cas is making sauce? Why?”
When they arrived at the house - which, by the way,
Dean’s only consistent habit is the way he can, once woken up abruptly, reach for a gun and click the safety off before he gathers enough presence of mind to open his eyes. Other than that, he sleeps as most people die: very still, very quiet. Sam has teased him about it much more times than Dean cares to count.
“No, that’s— that’s fine. I think,” Dean cuts himself with a yawn, “you didn’t break me. I think you just, uh.”
That aside, Dean takes another look at Donna and thinks it's not very likely he'll be able to get any rest tonight.
“We had a bonfire.” It’s not the entire truth, but even though it’s only Cas, Dean is still too ashamed to admit he just
“Dean—”
“You smell of smoke,” he says; an observation, not an accusation. Dean lets out a breath he hasn’t been aware he was holding up until this point. “I’m glad you and Jack had fun. Did he have any trouble falling asleep afterward?”
Not to mention there’s flour on the side of her flannel, dusting the red-and-black plaid white.
Dean can’t tell if she’s serious or not, but then again: the air
(Except when that's the only thing he
awake, no matter how little he likes it.
No such thing has happened yet, and Dean is pretty sure it wouldn’t happen in the near future. He’d wake up if someone tried to carry him while he was voluntarily unconscious.
Cas cups Dean’s cheek with one hand, his thumb caressing the paper-thin stretch of skin below Dean’s eye, where brawl bruises always linger longest. Then, there’s his grace: the gentle, cold echo of a touch, luminous where Dean sees it out of the corner of his eye. Cas’ powers have been back to normal for a while now but he says that the close contact helps channel them better.
“Like a baby.”
Castiel hums again. “Yes. In the Pit.”
remember is the brightness of Mary’s smile when she crooned Judy Collins over his bed until all Dean could dream about were rodeos and starry nights.
There’s a beat of heavy silence, thick like honey, almost boundless when it stretches from one end of the car to another. Trunk to the dashboard; floor to the roof lining. Quiet without peace.
No matter where he goes and no matter how many blankets he’ll bury himself under, the nightmares always follow. Dean can barely remember the time when he didn’t have them. It started early, when he was a kid freshly rescued from a house fire.
but what can you do
He settles for a small sigh.
are awake.” Cas points out quietly.
And yet, it would’ve been stupid to ignore the signs. Hence the stakeout.
sleep. He knows he’s going to feel like a roadkill tomorrow, and he’s also well aware that he’ll be sluggish and useless, but it’s one of these nights he just… closes his eyes, and the most frustrating kind of nothing happens. “Jack has never had s’mores before, so I thought I’d introduce him to the joys of camping food.”
“I stumbled on a vampire nest on my way back,” Cas says.
Another thing:
, though. As far as shitholes like this went, Sonny’s could be considered pretty… not nice, no, but perhaps
A part of Dean wants to decline - if he conks out now, he’ll miss whatever Cas might still want to tell him about the hunt or anything else - but it’s a small part, one he knows very well how to smother. Insomnia is a luxury. He’s not cut for luxuries.
From: Cas
the guns well-oiled, after all, isn't it? To always carry around an emergency packet of bullets in case shit hit the fan without a prior warning.
You can't aim well when you're tired. Then: if you can’t aim well, your father has to do twice the work he should. And if your father can’t rely on you during a hunt, that’s just pathetic.
“I haven’t used any words that should be incomprehensible to you, Sam.”
“Did he like it?” Cas asks. That's the reason why he is Dean's favorite: he doesn’t mind that Dean fed a three years old kid toasted sugar, not really since he knows it was an occasional deal. Where Sam would be freaking out about the sugar rush, Cas only smiles (this much Dean can see even despite the semi-darkness around them). “I’ve always thought he might.”
“Anytime, Dean,” Cas says a moment before the sleep takes hold of Dean once again. “Anytime.”
GET SOME SLEEP IF YOU CAN
Dean doesn’t remember the exact moment when he learned how to fall asleep regardless of the circumstances. Sometimes, when he tries to think about it - pinpoint the night he’s done it for the first time, when he closed his eyes against the blue glow of the tv screen and knocked himself out in spite of the obtrusive light - his mind pulls a blank on him. He certainly could do it when he was twelve, but what about when he was eight? Six? Four?
overpriced, but there was nothing more reasonable in the satisfying vicinity of the crime scene - a building on the end of the lane was burning. Since their ghost was a simple dick with a penchant for tormenting public pools, not an arsonist, they didn’t pay much mind to the commotion outside the window. It was noisy, sure, and the flashing lights looked every inch like a promise of a headache, but… what could they do? Go there and watch someone’s home go down in flames? They weren't vultures, thank you very much.
Dean’s always thought Cas sounds like ozone would, but right now he’s too busy trembling all over to think about anything but the afterimages of his nightmare. Someone died back there, in Dean’s head. Someone died and the death was nothing short of terrible, and someone is crying about it, guilty as charged—
After a while, another message appears.
“Maybe, but please, consider this before you trash talk my cereal-making skills again: you are just a freak when it comes to cooking. Here’s a thing, though— not your kitchen, not your rules.”
From: Cas
It wasn’t because of what the place
“Just "like"? That would be an understatement.” Dean chuckles, remembering how Jack practically inhaled the snacks. He lets this memory replace the one of his father; it’s much more pleasant. “We only had a few each - it being already late and all - but he
Of course, he had no idea whose songs they were back then. He only learned that years after Mary’s death, when he heard
Claire winces, unconvinced as it gets, but she doesn’t push her luck. She’s still curious, this much is obvious, but Dean has no idea how to explain his relationship with sleep in general, let alone explain it to a young woman who talks almost entirely in movie references and sarcasm. Claire shouldn’t bother with Dean’s shit: she’s not there to take care of him, nor worry about him. When it comes to the two of them, it’s Dean’s job.
No monsters have shown up so far and with each passing second Dean is more and more convinced that the road isn’t haunted in the biblical sense of this word. It wouldn’t be the first time a bunch of high school brats kept a bunch of paranoid hunters on their toes, and considering the evidence he and Donna have… it’s not entirely impossible in this case.
The hand stroking his arm moves to the back of Dean’s neck and higher, just a few inches, Cas’ fingers carding through the short hair there.
Life, however, is rarely so simple.
“I could help you with that,” Cas says softly.
think about, when he’s staring new galaxies into the ceilings of nameless motel rooms, sweating bullets under too-light comforters. It’s messed up how the greatest obstacle on his way to getting a good rest is his own brain.)
“Wait. Did
Sleep comes to Dean in a matter of seconds, syrup-sweet and heavy in the best way possible. He’s warm and content, Cas a solid weight under him, and he’s got an irrational conviction he won’t be waking up with any cricks in his neck this time.
“I hated it,” Sam says. “With motel rooms, there was always the smell of laundry detergents and mothballs - sometimes even Lysol when we were unlucky. It’s a wonder we haven’t lost the sense of smell during these days, you know? The nineties weren’t exactly a good time for the motel industry, no.” Sam laughs. Dean’s brain is already eighty percent cotton, so it sounds as if his brother was laughing underwater. “But that wasn’t even half as bad as other people’s houses. Now, that was nasty. Have you ever slept in the bed of someone who left for college but still came back home for weekends?”
Again - he says that in the most neutral, non-judgmental way possible. He isn’t mad at Dean for not taking proper care of his body; if anything, he seems worried. Merely a few years back Dean would’ve been bothered by that, perhaps even unnerved, but he’s learned to know better ever since. Cas doesn’t give a fuck whether Dean will be able to hold a gun come morning light – it hasn’t been his priority for over a decade.
Dean cleaned off his whiteboard and scribbled a message to Cas.
"You good, brother?" Benny asked Dean, helping him to his feet. Dean hissed as circulation returned to his arms abruptly but he managed to nod, despite the stars swimming in front of his eyes and the pain that radiated across his face from his jaw bone. He tried to turn his head toward Adler, but Benny wouldn't let him, ushering him toward the exit while they still had cover. "Jo's got it, let's get you outta here." Dean's head dropped as his vision faded and he leaned more of his weight on Benny.
"Cas?" Sam padded out of his bedroom, rubbing his eye and yawning. Despite being 19 and finishing his freshman year of college, he looked incredibly young to Cas in that moment, wearing Stanford sweatpants and an undershirt, feet bare on the hardwood floor. "What's going on?"
"Cas, make up your mind." Dean grumbled through gritted teeth. "Either go or don't." Cas went, holding the swinging door open for Dean habitually. "I'm not a girl, I can open the door for myself." he snarked, and Castiel sighed once again.
Dean’s younger brother Sam was a bookworm like Cas but had his brother’s acerbic wit and a knack for what Dean called “bitchfaces”. He was still in high school, as he and Dean were four years apart, but you wouldn’t know it by looking at him. He’d recently hit a growth spurt and was creeping ever closer to being taller than Dean, something the former detested quite passionately.
Truthfully, as ashamed as he was to admit it, he was scared. Scared of the depth of his feelings, of the burning lust inside him, and most of all, scared of losing Dean.
“What’s going on with him?”
Dean gave the phone back to Ronnie, who went over to the spiral staircase and sat down to talk to her mother – conveniently far enough away for Cas and Dean to talk privately.
And that was how Sam found them, six hours later, laughing about some story from the years Dean and Sam had spent cruising cross-country in the Impala.
The first thing Dean registered was the pearly blue sky, followed quickly by freshly mown green grass.
"You tried to kill yourself." Cas told him as gently as he could muster. He let Dean sit up and scrambled to get a bottle of water from the pack they shared. The sound of the seal breaking seemed to echo in their too-quiet dormitory. Dean took several gulps and Cas watched the lines of his throat work. For once, his body didn't respond with arousal at the action. Instead, he just relished in the relief that Dean was okay.
"Well, I'm starved." Sam announced, breaking the tension. "I know! Let's go to the Roadhouse!"
“How do you know that for sure?”
and it was so sudden – he hadn’t had a chance to prepare himself— “What’s a de-sti-el?”
“Children are capable of more than you know.”
Once the two lovers were cuddled comfortably, he took out the pen cap and began chewing on it once more. Cas groaned while Dean laughed.
Dean understood, better than Cas would ever know.
“Was I not supposed too? I was under the impression that we were married…”
enthused than before. "Why do you look like someone just spit in your food?"
"M'horny, Cas." Dean rumbled and Cas shivered. "Always am, after a job." he added, jutting his hips forward ever so slightly. Cas gasped outright this time. Smirking victoriously, Dean reached for the knot that kept Cas's robe closed, intent on fixing the issue, when Cas's hand clasped around his wrist like a Venus Flytrap around an idiotic fly, halting his movements. "Baby?" he asked, perplexed. Cas turned toward him with the glass of water in his hand, moving out of his embrace and putting roughly a foot between them.
Castiel Novak was in deep trouble.
the screen read, and Ronnie swiped to answer it.
"You were an aggressive know-it-all little shit. A male version of Hermione." Castiel cocked an eyebrow. To his knowledge, Dean had never finished reading the Harry Potter series, much to the chagrin of their mutual friend Charlie Bradbury. "What? The audiobooks are awesome. Quit squintin' at me like that."
'Hi, Eileen,' he signed, and she grinned at him, which of course made his knees weak.
Ronnie looked him over.
– had gone out of her way to find him, and not only was she not scared by monsters, but she liked burgers and cars; was there anything not to love about her?
"I'll give you two some time alone." Benny said as he stood up. Startled, Cas whirled around, but relaxed once he realized who it was. "Good seein ya, Cas. Catch ya on the flip side, Dean."
Well, that wasn’t what Dean expected to hear.
"It is,"
how to drive Cas wild, while Cas often felt like an inexperienced virgin in Dean's presence. With a sigh, he poured shampoo onto his palm and went about washing his hair, pushing thoughts of the night before from his mind, focusing instead on the next chapter in his latest erotic fiction novel that was due to his agent by the end of the week.
“Dean has to go deal with something, so you’re stuck with me for a bit.”
-Charmy
The effect was immediate.
“Okay…” Her tone was suspicious, but she let it go. “Listen, there’s something I want to tell you. Can you come pick me up?”
“Cas, what exactly are you trying to tell me here?”
Dean watched Cas’s facial expressions change, and felt something like anticipation squirm inside him – but what was he excited for? “There was always something else going on – something to distract me – but in the rare moments of peace and silence, it was there. Like a steady lighthouse guiding me home after a rough journey…
"Is this Cas-tee-el Collins?" an unknown male voice sounded out his name phonetically, and Cas blinked as fear spiked through him.
“Hello, Dean.”
He signed the rest of the paperwork and went back into Dean's room. He found the man had fallen asleep, his head tilted toward the window and eyes closed. Moments like this made him hate Dean Winchester for his beauty - it simply wasn't fair that he could be so gorgeous and such an assbutt.
'Ooh, which one?!' she signed excitedly. 'I'd love to go to an author's conference one day!'
“No!” Ronnie cried. “But…”
“You love me!” Dean sang, and Cas rolled his eyes to his face, but the swooping in his chest couldn’t be denied.
He just didn't expect it to come up again so soon.
“Sure,” Sam answered, and Dean returned to the inner part of the bunker.
"Ya know, I had a crush on both Han and Leia as a kid. Sammy only liked Leia, so I pretended to only like her, but I thought about Han a lot too." Dean told Cas without taking his eyes from the screen. "Cas, can I ask you a question?"
“Right but she knows about the creatures? Did you tell her?”
Dean half-shrugged, which was Winchester-ese for 'I'm embarrassed and I want to stop talking about this particular thing.'
Cas launched himself forward and pinned Dean under him, kissing him feverishly. Dean quickly took control of the kiss and the mattress squeaked in protest as the two young men flipped around once more, now with Dean on top and Cas underneath. "Eager, are we?" he teased, dragging his tongue along the underside of his teeth. Cas stared up at him, his eyes wide with shock and pupils dilated hungrily. "I'm gonna slow down and enjoy this." Dean murmured, leaning down and pressing gentle kisses to Cas's chin, jaw, down his neck and behind each of his ears.
"No."
“So you like meat and reading up on the things that go bump in the night…what else?” Dean asked around a mouthful of burger. Cas picked at his salad, his eyes downcast. Dean would ask him about it later.
Veronica thought about it – her mother had only ever called her Vee or other maternal pet names – never given her an actual nickname. She liked it.
“What?”
“Yes way.”
The Impala jerked to a stop at the stoplight they arrived at, and Cas noted that Dean’s knuckles had whitened on the steering wheel.
"You can try."
"Not everyone is as sex driven as you." If he could've, Dean would've grinned flirtatiously, but he settled for writing out another message.
He stared contemptuously at the blanket covering his legs, arms crossed over his chest and sporting an impressive pout. His arms still hurt from being suspended in midair, though he couldn't feel his jaw at all. That was probably for the best, though, because he'd broken bones before and they
Dean nearly dropped the cup of coffee in his hand.
Once they'd all eaten dinner and Dean had flirted heavily with their blonde server (her name was Reneé), Dean drove everyone home. Once Dean and Cas were alone in the car, Cas felt it was okay for him to stare openly at Dean once more. It took him a few moments to realize that the car was slowing down and that Dean was pulling over. Once he'd put it in park and turned off the engine, he turned his springtime grass green eyes on Cas.
“Is this some kind of djinn vision on steroids?” Dean hissed.
"Well, I guess you're stuck with me for the night, then." Dean said after a beat, grinning. Cas tried to smile but it came out forced and weak. In return, Dean tried not to take that personally. "Hey - we should take advantage of this and go down to the lounge. Watch some movies." He took his other headphone out and closed his notebook.
"I guess you aren't going to let it go, are you?" Cas shook his head, and Dean sighed.
“What are you talking about, Cas?” Sam asked, and scoffed when the angel gave him a look. “It’s beautiful.”
“Hello?”
Cas had long ago determined himself to be at the very least bisexual, as he had always been able to appreciate both genders, but since coming to college, he’d begun to question that again. He did not experience the same craving for sex that his fellow students did, except, of course, when it came to Dean.
The world around them shimmered, colors shifting from brightly colorful to black and white, and white noise filling all of their ears.
“Not hungry,” Cas replied, his voice rougher than usual. “Is there any coffee?”
“Protected…” Cas murmured, clicking into a new tab. Of course the word of the day was aegis, which had different definitions but boiled down to protection or control.
When that didn't work, he pressed his mouth over Dean's, attempting to force air back into his body. "Please, Dean, I'm sorry. I love you. Don't leave me." Tears filled Cas's eyes as he desperately tried to resuscitate the boy he loved. "You can chew on as many pen caps as you want as long as you come back to me. I...I need you."
"If you ask me if I'm ready one more time..." Cas threatened once Dean paused to stand up and line himself up to Cas's pretty little hole. Dean smirked slowly, leaning forward and pressing the head of his cock into Cas's ass. Cas let out a shout, begging to be filled up. Soon enough, Dean was balls deep inside his best friend, his palms pressed against Cas's shoulder blades. His hips moved seemingly of their own accord, fucking into Cas like their lives depended on it.
"In a dorm with over 100 other guys and girls." he countered. "Come on, we can watch Star Wars!"
A sharp laugh escaped Dean, and pride washed through Ronnie at the genuine happiness on his face. She got the feeling that he didn’t get the chance to smile much.
"You're the one that has a problem, not me!" Dean spun around in his chair, staring at Cas furiously.
Cas easily found a hotel that allowed for lengthy rental periods - they
“W-What?!”
"Of course you." Dean met his eyes for the first time in a few minutes and Cas's heart broke further to see that Dean was holding back tears. "You are so completely and totally yourself. You don't answer to anyone and you don't give a rat's ass what others think. I
"It's a timeless classic!"
“Crowley is such a little bitch,” answered Dean.
Dean licked his lips and avoided Cas’s gaze.
"You know, you can learn a lot about a person by what they carry on their person. For example, you have several state IDs in your wallet, most of which are expired, except for the California one. This tells me that you live, or at the very least spend a significant amount of time in, the Golden State." Zachariah got to his feet and approached Dean, a satisfied smirk curling his lips. "Now, what could keep you coming back to that specific state, as an assassin for hire, if not family or a significant other?"
“Veronica.” she replied.
"I don't know. I guess I'm worried about applying to Stanford. What if we can't afford it? What if they don't accept me?" the younger boy chewed on his lip, darting his eyes back and forth. "I can't talk to Dean about this because he doesn't even get why I want to get out of Kansas."
Sam’s eyes went wide and Dean just smiled nervously.
"Hannah told me not to come in because the provost told her that only staff who were already there when the flood started can help clean it up."
The next morning, Dean made bacon.
#•#•#•
"Cas..." he groaned, but Cas was firm.
“…Dean Winchester?”
“She’s fine.” said the voice on the other end, a bit of nervous laughter seeping into her voice. “Is there a reason she wouldn’t be?”
Cas yanked his jacket from the hook and threw open the door, desperate for fresh air and to for the searing pain in his chest to stop. He'd always believed broken hearts were metaphorical, but if this agony was anything to go by, they were most definitely not a figure of speech. If Dean called out for him, he didn't hear it.
“Okay. I wasn’t going to do this, but you seem like you could handle it.”
Dean woke up about an hour later, shifting as he made sense of where he was.
"What is?!" Castiel asked incredulously. "This! You! Most people would be
“Yeah, we figured we wanted to come back to the old stompin’ grounds, ya know?”
“But according to all federal records, Sam and I died in St. Louis years ago.”
Cas scoffed, throwing his hands up in the air and letting out all of the anger he'd been sitting on since he left Palo Alto.
Eileen and Sam do some snooping. Cas and Dean have to stay in a hotel while the latter's jaw is wired shut, and Dean is on a mission.
The color drained from Cas’s face, and Dean crowded closer. “Cas…is this from your desires? What you want?”
Cas wasn't going to let it go that easily, however. "I will throw away every pen you have if you don't tell me." he threatened, his voice accidentally going deeper. Dean's eyes widened, his pupils dilating with...arousal?
Sam clicked on a folder that said British Men of Letters. Dean shoved his brother out of the way and clicked in the search bar, typing ‘
"I'm so sorry, I didn't even realize you were here." Cas said, offering his hand for a shake. Benny took it and told him not to worry and just to focus on the invalid. Dean flipped Benny off for that comment, but Benny either ignored it or didn't care, because he walked out of the hospital room, leaving Cas and Dean to their own devices.
“Can I call you Ronnie?”
He took off in a sprint, his sneakers slapping against the concrete path that led up to their dormitory. He was barely able to get his student ID to slide through the reader in a straight line so that the doors would unlock. He ignored everyone who waved or said hi, trying to make his fingers work properly. His hands shook violently as he fumbled with his keys. It took too many tries for him to get the door open, but once he did, he released a terrified gasp.
– can be trusted?”
"Stop...teasing." Cas pleaded even as Dean continued to lather his jawline with open mouthed abandon. Dean moved down to the juncture between Cas's neck and shoulder, sucking oh so gently and then licking the small hurt to ease the pain. "Ooh...
"Nervous?" It was too much to hope that Dean returned his feelings. Far too much. "Why did you ask about that, Dean?"
"Dean!" Cas protested, and Dean's chest vibrated with laughter, his forearm like an iron bar over Cas's chest, holding him in place. Dean's other hand drifted under Cas's shirt to his belly, caressing his midsection until he came to Cas's left nipple, which he tweaked. "Okay, nope, that's enough." Cas struggled, but he eventually got out Dean's hold, ungracefully getting to his feet and putting distance between them. He straightened his shirt and inhaled carefully, determined to act unaffected.
Well, okay. That wasn’t entirely true – he knew he was on his way to seducing Cas – his best friend – but what he didn’t know was how Cas would take it. Would he let him down gently? Of course he would, Cas would never be cruel and reject him outright…
“Shut up, jerk. I literally just got back. Who’s she?” He asked, pointing to Ronnie, who didn’t seem at all bothered by Sam’s bloody appearance.
"Look, uh. Sophomore year really messed me up an' it was your friendship that helped me through it." Dean's Kansas twang snuck into his voice, so Castiel knew he was being truthful. "My dad, uh. He threatened to stop payin' my tuition when I told him I was bi. Said he'd um..." he paused, considering what to say. "Said he'd beat it out of me if I didn't shape up."
"You should eat." Cas told him. "I'm going to get dressed."
Cas snapped his fingers, and suddenly, they were in the Winchester’s house in Lawrence.
She looked incredibly young in that moment, and affection replaced relief in Dean’s chest, lodging there like a piece of gum to an elementary school desk. “Um, Cas showed me an empty room, so I’m going to go to bed.”
were there.”
“Hello, Sam. Did you get taller since I saw you last?” Cas grinned, knowing how Dean would react. The glare that Dean sent his way made his stomach twist, as there was something darker in that gaze, something that was full of…promise.
“So, I was thinkin’ today I want to do some work on Baby. Routine stuff – change the oil, clean up the inside…” he met Ronnie’s enthusiastic gaze. “Wanna help?”
"Oooh, yay! Finally! Which one was your favorite?" As Charlie launched into a mostly one-sided debate about the value of the 6th Harry Potter book versus the 4th, Sam sat down beside Castiel on the latter's bed.
'Do you want to order pizza first or watch the movie?' he signed, and she signed back that she'd rather start the movie. "Where's your roommate?" she asked aloud.
She was pure, and Castiel was not.
“I know what you meant, I didn’t think you were askin’ me to make a sex tape,” teased Dean, and Cas coughed, shifting his legs to cover the halfie he was now sporting. “Uh, sure. I guess.”
As soon as the room was clear, Dean swooped back down to Cas’s mouth. Kissing him over and over, senselessly, savoring how they could explore, losing all thought when Cas smoothed his fingers over Dean’s throat and Dean felt his own heartbeat flutter erratically at his touch. Tomorrow, they had things they needed to do. A world to save. Tonight, it was them. It was Dean back with Cas, and nothing could take that away.
Cas pulled back first, and Dean chased his touch, blindly following into the kitchen. Cas swiped the checklist off the counter, running his finger down the paper. He was talking out loud— and that was something Dean still couldn’t get over, that every little thing about Cas made his love grow. “Okay, so, turkey is in. Ellen and Bobby are bringing the sweet potatoes, Mary said she would be bringing a dessert, and Sam and Eileen are bringing some appetizers, so that just leaves the mashed potatoes, the corn, the green beans, the stuffing— oh wait, that’s in the turkey— uh, the gravy, the cranberry sauce… holy
“You did it first!”
And there it was— Cas, blushing. “Uh huh. Because without me, you’d still be pacing the kitchen, worried about getting everything done.”
were the one, at the very end, that hurt Dean the most?”
. One nipple, which made Dean jerk against the mattress, and then the other. The place where his neck met his torso. The curve of his throat. Behind his ear, then the earlobe. His hairline. Forehead. Both cheeks. The tip of his nose. The strip of skin right above his top lip. And then, because Dean thought he would scream if he didn’t get it
This was
Castiel was here. Probably dead. And Dean was—
Cas pulled back, enough that Dean could see the bright blue of his eyes, and his brows wrinkled in confusion as he said, “Okay, Dean. I won’t.”
He glared at the Empty. “Dean doesn’t love me. You’re lying.”
“No,” Dean muttered, fear starting to make him tremble all over again. “No no no no no no!” The words echoed off the walls, rang in his ears. There was no one here to hear him. No one here that could make him snap out of it, that could wake him up, because this had to be some kind of nightmare, it
. Chuck could pull the strings, could abandon the storyline if he didn’t like it anymore, but this was one thing he could never figure out as a writer— this profound bond linking Dean and Cas together, reuniting them over and over.
“Not really.”
“You knew,” Dean said, but that was all he was able to get out before those damned tears were back, welling up and trickling down his cheeks. He held a hand out to Sam, squeezing his shoulder before his brother pulled him into a hug. All these years, all the panic and fear about admitting his feelings to himself and what that meant, and admitting it to Sam— and
As much as his heart yearned, as much as he
him. Dean knew he didn’t really deserve this, but, for once, he was allowed to be selfish. Cas loved him, and Dean loved him back, and Cas
didn’t just turn Dean into a fucking puddle. He could feel his cheeks heating up, the blush rising up the back of his neck. “God, I really do fucking love you.”
Castiel was awake.
Cas shifted, bent his head forward to take the waistband of Dean’s sweats between his teeth and pull. Dean’s cock jumped against his boxers, the fabric already damp. Peeling his hands from his hips, Cas hooked two fingers on the boxers and rolled them down slowly, dangerously slowly. The little clouds of breath streaming along Dean’s inner thigh was enough to make his eyes roll to the back of his head. Cas was always so careful, so deliberate about this. Wanted to take his time. And even though the two of them had all the time in the world, because Dean knew that Cas was it
. And Cas, the angel that tore up the plans and defied God himself:
“Cas,” Dean muttered, desperately trying to remember how he was supposed to form words. “Cas, baby. Need you.”
Dean’s heart swelled. “Are you sure?”
Cas had told him. He had
perfect, Dean. It’s because of you. It’s because I have you.”
them, but here he was. Trying to pull perfection out of thin air.
of these things. Even if Dean couldn’t see it, couldn’t quite accept it yet, didn’t mean it wasn’t there. And because of Cas, because of how he had put him back together, both in Hell and time and again when he was lost— with the Mark, when he was a demon, when Michael wouldn’t let him go— Dean finally understood. Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in just being.
Dean was hanging on by a thread and he knew it. They had all pretty much been dangling, puppets on strings waiting to be cut from the controls. After Sam had lost Eileen, he would stare out into emptiness, lost in another world, a book open in front of him that he had last looked at hours ago. Jack was stunned into silence, shocked by the quickness of loss— of watching their friends vanish in front of them, of losing his father yet again, of not being able to do anything to stop it. Dean understood what gears turned inside both of their brains, because the mechanism in his head mirrored theirs. Their life had been consumed by death and despair and someone paying the ultimate price just so everyone else in the world got to march right along to their happy endings. The world took and took and
Dean’s phone buzzed across the floor. Another call from Sam. Dean knew, logically, that he should answer it, but he couldn’t bring himself to move. He couldn’t bring himself to speak. Couldn’t bring himself to tell Sam, to say the words—
Cas reached out and tangled their hands together, his thumb stroking across Dean’s palm. Cas took off toward the portal, a small line on the horizon, and Dean stumbled after him, unable to believe that this was really real. That he could have this, that Cas
A pause. Cas met Dean’s eyes. Grinned. “Let’s go home.”
. Maybe miracles really did happen.
He pressed a kiss to Cas’s forehead, his hair tickling his nose. “It’s not over, you know. We still have food to finish making and guests to entertain.”
. “Cas,” he started, voice breaking, whining with desperation, just as Cas speared inside him. Still slower, not all at once, waiting for Dean to adjust before he pushed in more and more and more—
“Fuck, I know, man, I know,” Dean groaned, his nerves filtering out of him with a breathy laugh. “I’m sorry, Cas, I’m not really good at using my words. But you… you already knew that.”
tell you that as much as you
Cas nodded, but still refused to look at him. Dean felt like his heart was being squeezed by a hydraulic press. Dean’s hand hovered in midair as he tried to swallow down his desperation— always there, always the fear that the people he loved would realize he wasn’t worth loving and would leave him— he tried to swallow it down as he hooked his fingers around Cas’s chin so he would meet his gaze.
Sam nodded, tapping his fingernails against the bottle. “You think it’ll work?”
Cas grinned like he was made of light. “You don’t have to.”
thank you all SO MUCH for reading!!!! i really do love each and every one of you and deeply appreciate the time you've spent with this work and all the love you've shown it and me. from the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU!!!
A thin light slit through the air, beckoned him forward. He was in the bunker, the condensation from his beer bottle still slick in his palm, stepping from the kitchen through the portal, and then—
Castiel sank to the ground, head in his hands.
“Wha’s tha for?” Cas slurred, chasing Dean a few inches when he pulled away. Fuck, Dean still never got used to that. The breathless disbelief in Cas’s voice, the devotion that poured out of him like sun shining through stained glass.
“You did it,” Cas whispered into his ear, his hands on Dean’s back the most grounding thing in the world. “You saved me.”
, over and over again. If he needed to, Dean could fire a gun or exorcise a demon— all things his dad had taught him when he molded him until he was the perfect weapon. All that fire, all that anger, but Dean didn’t want to lean back on it, didn’t want to use it as a crutch. He wanted to find a better way to get through this. He wanted to be a better man. For Cas.
him? That wasn’t possible. Surely Castiel would have noticed, would have picked up on it at some point. All the days and nights pining after Dean… surely, he would have known if Dean returned any of his sentiments. Surely he didn’t—
He couldn’t be. Because that wasn’t how their story ended.
“— what happened with the family? I thought you were supposed to stay in Jersey until this afternoon.”
But Dean was too afraid to let himself hope.
good at cooking breakfast, but again. Cas, love, anyone can make scrambled eggs— it’s like the first thing children learn how to make. Thanksgiving dinner is a whole different ballgame. There’s a timetable, a bunch of things to do, and you have to get temperatures exactly right,
, but maybe he wasn’t supposed to see. He was supposed to feel, to let whatever it was that tied him to Cas pull them back together, bring them back to each other.
“Cas,” he called, voice echoing. “Castiel!”
! Fuck me like you mean it!”
Dean tried once again to reach Cas’s lips. Failed. “You’re lucky I love you.”
He and Dean always had shared a more profound bond, simply from the fact that Castiel was the one to raise Dean from perdition, but as the years had passed… he couldn’t pinpoint when exactly, but he had fallen completely and irreversibly in love with Dean. He always thought that part of their connection was one-sided, unreciprocated— that it was Castiel who always came back to Dean because he
Cas furrowed his brows, nose scrunching in indignation, and even though it was meant to be a little angry, it just came off as cute. “But you like when I make breakfast— you said you really liked my scrambled eggs!”
This time, it wasn’t instantaneous. They didn’t step straight from the Empty into the bunker’s kitchen. Something was tugging at them, pushing back with resistance, trying to pry Cas from Dean’s grip. Dean didn’t know if it was the Empty, if it sensed them leaving and was desperately trying to retain its hold of Cas, or if this was the portal’s magic tearing the grace out of the angel. All Dean knew was that he had to hold on, that he wasn’t going to let go of Cas even if it killed him. He might have been a tiny, fragile human in a world of angels and demons and monsters and all-powerful cosmic entities, but he would be damned if anything tried to take Cas away from him. Not again.
Any tension Castiel has been holding deflated, his smile once more returning, because in spite of everything— in spite of the fleeting heartbreak that he had seen flash through Dean’s eyes, in spite of Billie bearing down on them, in spite of where Castiel was now— he had actually, finally succeeded. He had kept Dean
“You stupid son of a bitch,” Dean murmured, but he wasn’t angry. He had thought it over, had been angry at Cas for leaving, for sacrificing himself again, but all the fury and the hurt and the fear had drained out of him at the sight of Cas. He held on to Cas, pulled him closer and closer, buried his face in Cas’s neck and whispered against his skin, “You
feel, about… about Cas.”
All manipulation. He needed to focus, to remind himself. This was what the Empty did, Jack had told him. It targeted its inhabitants and showed them the worst parts of themselves, the worst parts of their lives. It created absolute, eternal misery.
Just like that, Cas’s face shifted, melted into a smug grin, and even through his guilt, Dean knew he’d just been played. God, he was such a sucker and Cas knew just how to play him. “Well,” Cas started, closing the gap between the two of them so that his lips ghosted over Dean’s, his voice so low it sent a thrill through Dean. “You could start by accepting my help in the kitchen, and then you can thank me for it later.”
the time for freaking out about things he had to do when he hadn’t even started
, that if you’ll have me, I will spend every minute of the rest of my life telling you how much you mean to me. I meant it when I said I needed you. I can’t do any of this without you, man. Any of it.”
There was no thought, no words, only action. Dean sprinted forward and crushed Cas to his chest. Could feel the warmth seeping into him, feel the fabric of the trench coat bunched up in his fists. Dean’s heart was racing, he was shaking, in laughter and disbelief and the feeling that he could fly, and he couldn’t help it, but he was crying again, he was—
“Fuck me like you want to. Fuck me, fuck me, babe!” Dean trailed a hand down his skin, placed his palm over the back of Cas’s hand until their fingers tangled. “I’m yours, Cas, I’m yours— oh
But in the Empty, Dean could still feel every ounce of pain he’d ever experienced all at once. He was on the rack being tortured, his body sliced and bleeding— he was the one placing a body on the rack, the one doing the torturing. His fist was colliding with Cas’s face, an angel blade hovering over Cas’s chest as the Mark screamed in his veins. There was Sam, there was his little brother, being worn by the devil; Dean was the demon, but it wasn’t a vessel, it was
. He was in the Empty and he had gotten out of there before and, goddamn it, he was going to do it again. The Empty was a place— that was something Dean could do, somewhere he could go. If they had been writing the story all along, Dean damn well knew how he was going to plot the ending. With his hands reaching through the darkness to clutch at Cas and pull him out, bring him back home.
Cas chuckled, the sound traveling through Dean from where his hand rested against Cas’s neck. “It was
tell you with absolute certainty that you broke his poor, fragile human heart. Shattered it beyond repair.”
, I want Eileen back,” he whispered, voice cracking, and he cleared his throat. “It’ll work, Dean. We’ll get them back.”
Nothing.
“For everything,” he responded, like it was the simplest thing in the world. “But for trying so hard and wanting everything to be perfect for today. For my first real Thanksgiving.”
It hadn’t just been Castiel that had tried so desperately to come back home to Dean. When Dean had been controlled by the Mark, when Dean had been trapped in his own mind by Michael— He had always come back to Castiel. They always returned to each other. But that meant—
"Have you tried?" Castiel inquired, to which he got a noncommittal shrug. In Winchester-ese, that meant 'no.' "Well, I think you should. Give him a chance to surprise you. He's certainly shocked me more times than I can count." Sam glanced up at him, eyes wide, and Castiel wished he could take the words he'd just said and shove them back down his gullet. "Sam-"
The steel bar/arm that had been holding Cas in place moved suddenly, and Dean pressed his palm against Cas's chest, watching with amazement as the organ proceeded to beat even faster. "It's like a fucking sledgehammer."
“Dean, I’m serious. This is important to her – don’t screw it up. Now put her back on, please?”
She gathered her things and stepped off the metallic monster, breathing in the crisp Midwestern air. She sent a quick text to her mom –
, busted jaws do take six weeks to heal, but this is fanfiction, so normal people rules don't apply!
So they really hadn’t targeted Cassie or Ronnie. Relief hit Dean like a wave.
"Are we ready to order?" Their server's reappearance marked the second time today that Cas had to be pulled out of some sort of Dean-centric reverie.
“That seems extremely petty for a professor,” Cas commented, scrolling through the endlessly refreshing comment section.
Tears sprang to his eyes unbidden, and he pressed his forehead against Cas’s, heart racing and stomach flipping. “I’d kiss you awake if I thought it would do anything.”
The Winchester brothers turned to see Ronnie in the door frame, wearing a large Ole Miss t-shirt and pajama pants. Her skin was the color of toffee, and she had a sprinkle of freckles across her cheekbones. Her hair was curly and short, styled similarly to her mother’s.
"You look like hell."
"Dean, I said no." Cas finally finished putting groceries away, purposefully ignoring Dean even when he knocked on the table multiple times. "I'm getting a shower.
Cas seemed to come to his senses, or something, because he scrambled off the bed and started babbling something about going to the library; but before he could go anywhere, Dean grabbed his hand and held on. “Cas."
Dean had the audacity to pout, sticking out his sinfully full and pink lower lip. 'He's not playing fair.' Cas thought, clenching his jaw as he remembered why he was so upset with Dean right now. "You are a
Cas sighed and turned off the shower, reaching for his towel and drying himself efficiently before tying it around his waist. When he exited the bathroom, Dean was standing in the kitchen, making a face at the pureed food he would have to eat for at least the next two weeks. He must have noticed Cas in his periphery, because he dropped the food and openly stared, licking his lips like Cas was the meal. Heat pooled in Cas's abdomen, the blood careening through him toward his "downstairs brain" as Dean called it.
"Hey, bitches!" Charlie greeted. "What's crack-a-lackin'?"
“Okay…?” Dean asked, unsure how to respond sensitively. Sam had always been better at that than he had. “What’s that mean?”
“Well…I knew a guy. His name was Bobby.”
When had Castiel, former Angel of the Lord, now human part-time hunter, become so jaded? Clearly, if Dean was able to open his heart to this young girl, then he should be able to do it as well.
“I’m not a kid, I don’t need a babysitter,” Ronnie complained. Sam smiled, remembering how he used to say the exact same thing when he was twelve.
– and hit send on the same number she’d called six times now. Maybe the seventh time would be the charm.
"Are you trying to tell me something?" asked Cas, gesturing to the inky cosmos above him. "That I should go back and - and..." His heart lurched when an absolutely horrific thought occurred to him.
'We'd have to check, but I don't think there's a conference of any kind happening in Vegas right now,' she signed, and something in Sam deflated.
“Twelve years, but who’s counting?” she felt a smile come to her face despite herself. “Hi, Dean. You’re probably wondering why I never told you about Veronica-”
"What's up?" she asked, signing it for emphasis. Sam chuckled nervously. He made sure to talk slower so that she could read his lips.
“Heya sunshine. Bacon?”
"What?" he asked, and she paused, considering her words carefully.
“Yeah tell me about it.” Dean grunted, but shut his mouth at the look Cas gave him.
“I don’t have to read your mind to see what’s written all over your face.”
“Hey boys!” Ellen Harvelle-Singer greeted warmly, pulling all three of them into a hug. “This is a pleasant surprise!"
“The usual spot.” Sam answered, and Ellen nodded, ruffling his hair. “Hey!” he complained. “I’m not a baby.”
Realizing he was in love with Dean had been a relatively lackluster event considering it was the first time he'd had feelings for anyone outside of his family. He'd spent most of his life with his nose stuck in a book and, as a result, had read most of the age-appropriate fiction novels at his local library by the time he was 12. Naturally, when the time came, he chose to major in Library Science and had gotten a job at the University of Kansas Library within the first week of his freshman year.
“Is it true that you got a full ride to Stanford?”
Now a junior, Castiel had a pretty clear idea of what he wanted to do once he graduated; he'd move out to California, maybe go for his Masters Degree at Stanford (a school that Sam was, coincidentally, interested in applying to) and live out his days as a peaceful librarian that minded his own business.
“Did he take off points for punctuation again?”
“Prick or not, he’s my brother, and I’m grateful that he even gave me this job. It’s just been making it difficult to spend money is all.”
“I’m a journalist. She inherited my investigative skills and your stubbornness.”
Dean dragged his hands down the expanse of Cas's back before returning to the base of his neck, where he began to massage Cas's muscles, his thumbs working magic against the tension that was stored there. Cas moaned as his body loosened, but he was slightly curious about Dean's motives. He tried to raise his head and ask, but Dean hit a particularly sore spot on his left shoulder blade, and the noise that came from him mirrored an orgasm in both volume and intensity.
" Sam's blush worsened and his older brother's laugh followed him out the door. At that moment, his phone vibrated in his pocket and all laughter ceased. He unlocked the device and found coordinates from a blocked number. 'Another job so soon?' he thought with a frown. Another text followed, and Dean's eyebrows shot up. $15K for one hit?
“Your words cut like knives.” Dean deadpanned.
"No sex until you drink this."
Jessica Moore stood before them, wearing a light blue t-shirt and jeans, her hair tied into a braid and an apron covering her front.
“Sure.”
"So sorry to interrupt," a pretty nurse with dark hair, brown eyes, and a lovely fruity perfume scooted into the room wearing pale pink scrubs and holding a laptop. "I just need to take your vitals and I'll be out of your hair." As she busied herself with taking Dean's blood pressure, pulse, bandages, and all of his other needs, Cas stared Dean down, still fuming. He stared right back, and the tension became so thick it almost suffocated them.
Except it wasn't. Dean finished drinking, setting the glass on the bar with a devilish grin.
Cas's phone rang around 4 am the following night, rousing him from a fitful sleep. He grappled for it, eyes bleary and brain only partially functional.
“Don’t eat it too fast, Dean.” A female voice warned, and Sam’s spine straightened.
“Is that bacon?” Ronnie came into the room then and grabbed three slices. Dean grinned, forgetting Cas for the moment.
“Dean-” Cas’s voice broke, and he clenched his fists in his sheets. God, how many times had he pictured this exact same scenario? His heart was beating like a jackhammer, so fast and hard that it could crack cement.
“Would you…like to do a video with me?” There, rip the band-aid off. Nice and clean. “You know, for my YouTube channel?”
“Is it Cas?”
"Again? We've seen it six times!"
Cas worries. Dean does his job and gets hurt.
With a playful scowl, Dean makes a show of tilting the glass back and swallowing the cool liquid, deliberately slow. Cas's eyes are on his throat, his lips parted ever so slightly. He licked them quickly, his tongue darting out lizard-like and innocent.
"Hello, Mr. Collins. I'm sorry to wake you, but you're listed as the emergency contact for Dean Winchester. He's just been admitted to Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. Nothing life threatening, but his jaw was dislocated and he's therefore unable to speak on his own behalf. Would it be too much trouble for you to come and sign some paperwork?"
Zachariah Adler was a son of a bitch.
"I'm in way too deep to leave."
Cas told him, and he couldn't help but laugh at the look of utter horror on Dean's face. He quickly erased the first message and scribbled out another.
He reached down and took Cas’s hand.
“Crowley is the definition of petty.” Dean was quiet for a moment, heard him get up, and suddenly the other boy was sitting behind him on his bed, reading over his shoulder. “Whatcha doing?”
“Who’s askin’?”
"Has anyone ever introduced you to a mint, your breath
"My, uh...my roommate is out of town for a few days and I was wondering if you wanted to come over and watch a movie? We could get pizza or something." Eileen rewarded him with a shy smile.
“But from what? The fact that his mother is human must have dimmed his power at least a little bit, so he can’t have thought up all of this on his own.”
“Whatever the internet and library books could tell me.” Ronnie replied. “I begged my mom for years to tell me more about you, and when she finally did, I had to know more. So I know all about demons, ghosts, werewolves, vampires…you name it, I probably know what it is and how to kill it.”
“Close. I got a full ride into Stanford!”
“What do you know about supernatural creatures?”
"Me?"
"Round 3," Dean replied before drinking orange juice straight from the carton. Using the back of his hand to wipe his mouth, he recalled what Cas had told him the night before. "When's your final?"
"That depends on your answer."
“Slaughtering hunters is ‘misguided’? Not to mention all the other shit that happened?” Dean asked sarcastically, and Cas gave him the same look he’d given Sam. Though, as usual, when it came to Dean, he held his gaze longer. So long, in fact, that Dean started to imagine things that he’d long ago forced into the most secret parts of his subconscious. “Wait. You mean…?”
"Dean, we live together." Cas replied flatly, despite the way his heart skittered at Dean's word choice.
In some sick twist of karmic fate, he found it resting directly over Shurley Hall.
Cas let out a shuddering sigh/moan that had Dean chuckling against his collarbone. "You make the prettiest noises." Dean slowed things down even more, taking Cas's earlobe between his teeth. Cas hissed and bucked his hips upward. Dean let go of Cas's ear and whispered huskily, "Is that a pen in your pocket or are you happy to see me?"
A ghost of a smile lifted Dean’s lips, and he started the car’s engine.
“Who’s this?” Cas asked, jerking his head toward Ronnie.
"What is?"
"Dean, let me go." Castiel bowed his head, shame flooding his cheeks with color. So Dean had figured it out and now he was choosing to torment Cas even further by mocking him, just to make sure Cas knew his feelings were unrequited. "This is low, even for you."
They were silent, and Dean’s fingers itched to touch, to know if Cas’s hair was as soft as he’d always thought. He craved Cas with an intensity so strong is frightened him sometimes.
Instead of chuckling or even smiling, Cas just shook his head wearily.
Dean almost choked on air and spit.
A/N: So uh, yeah. I couldn’t deal with the finale, so I came up with a fix it. Let me know if you’d like to see this continued; or if you think it should stay as it is!
"Don't you dare stop." Cas ground out, his voice like freshly poured gravel. "I want you to come inside me."
“Sam, I already told you, I’m not…you’re not Sam.”
Cas walked away, and soon enough they heard his bedroom door close too.
"Please don't hurt me...I'll do anything..."
He found her in front of one of the many campus computers, and based on her shoulder movements, she was rapidly typing something. Sam ran a nervous hand through his hair and approached her, butterflies zooming around his stomach like fighter planes. He tapped her shoulder and she turned to face him, her expression lighting up.
“Right, but she’s not out to hurt us, and for once someone related to us doesn’t have an ulterior motive.”
Dean had no idea what he was doing.
“Did you say…Cassie?” he asked, barely able to believe it. “Is she okay?”
"Sam's having a friend over at the apartment tonight," Cas told Dean conversationally, and Dean harrumphed. He scrawled out a response on his whiteboard,
"Dean, would you
“You better not have, you beanpole.” said Dean as he pulled the car into drive.
Speaking of Dean's oral fixation, he currently had a straw in his mouth that he chewed on as he laughed at something Charlie said. Cas swallowed hard against the wave of desire that rolled through him. All he could hear was the dull buzz that filled his mind with static. What could Dean have going on that he wasn't aware of?
“What do you need, Dean?”
“No! He took off points for using the American spelling of words rather than the British version! It’s so stupid! He’s not even British!”
There were only a few things that Dean Winchester feared: losing Sam, flying, and, to Cas’s chagrin, public speaking. Granted, there wouldn’t be a crowd per se, but Cas’s meager 10,000 subscribers would be enough for Dean to say no, most likely.
in Vegas, after all. He also found a Walmart within walking distance, which was helpful because neither he or Dean were old enough to legally rent a car and Cas refused to break the law for something as menial as that. So, they got settled and Cas forced Dean to rest while he handled the shopping trip.
"I guess this is the part where you reject me, huh?" Cas said to his legs, his voice muffled but still distinguishable. "Tell me that I'm a good friend, or that I'm like family to you...but you don't feel that way about me..."
“Hey wait, we didn’t even get a chance to talk,” Sam said, a bit of guilt seeping into his tone.
Dean swallowed his bite of pie and then grunted in surprise.
Cas buried his head in his knees, his face on fire.
Dean jumped, jostling his laptop in the process. The paper he was supposed to be writing, hadn’t, surprise surprise, just appeared before him like he’d hoped.
Dean thought about it.
"Dean." Cas's heart ached to console Dean, but he resisted. He got the sense that any attempt at tactile comfort would be misconstrued as pity, and Dean hated people pitying him. It didn't matter if that wasn't Castiel's intention at all, Dean would still see it that way and would clam up faster than a journalist with a good scoop.
Cas woke up first and groggily groped for his phone. It was early, but he somehow felt rested. He glanced down at Dean's sleeping form, grateful for each breath the other boy took. At some point in the night, they'd laid down together and had kicked off their shoes. Then Cas took on the role of big spoon as he attempted to make sense of everything that had transpired over the last 12 hours.
"Dean..." he murmured, unsure what else to say. Should he apologize? Should he pretend everything was normal? Should he...?
“Cas…” Dean walked toward his friend but stopped when Cas backed away.
“What’s up Cas?”
He wasn't usually this careless when it came to his affection, but he couldn't ignore how deeply unsettled he felt either.
“I like cars. Your Impala is a beauty.”
They had been friends for years, ever since Dean had moved in next door to Cas when they were both eight years old. They’d been through everything together; elementary school bullies, middle school drama, high school relationships gone horribly awry…and now they were in college. Living together as roommates and figuring out just what they were meant to do with their lives.
"Y-Yes, absolutely. I will be there as soon as possible. Thank you."
"D-Dean, why are you...?" Cas managed, even as Dean rolled his hips into Cas's rear, the friction a delightful torture.
“Yeah.”
"Not gonna lie, Cas, it kinda feels like I'm on trial for somethin'." Dean glanced toward the spot where the cap had been thrown as if he were a puppy whose owner had discarded their favorite toy. Cas exhaled through his nose and leaned away from Dean before standing up. "Where are you going? We still have one and a half movies left!"
“Dean, can I speak to you in private?”
"Since I'm still breathin' air, I gather I was unsuccessful?" Dean attempted to crack a lopsided smile, but Cas just shook his head. "Hey." Dean reached up and pressed his thumb against Cas's cheek, wiping away the tears that still lingered there. His left hand came up to wipe away the tear on Cas's other cheek. "You...saved my life, Cas."
"Dean has apparently listened to the Harry Potter audiobooks." Castiel informed her. Dean shot him a murderous look when Charlie's entire face lit up and she clapped excitedly.
Even more so than his last job, at least that guy wasn't an
"Heya, Cas. Is Sam asleep?"
Cas's apartment was modern, with mostly open-style living and decorated tastefully. The foyer area led directly into a kitchenette, which extended into the hallway where Sam's bedroom was. On the opposite side was the master bedroom which had its own ensuite bathroom.
It was an ordinary Saturday in the Winchester-Novak dormitory. Dean was studying while listening to Metallica at a worrying volume through his headphones, and Cas was getting ready to leave for his afternoon/evening shift at the library. As usual, Dean had a pen cap in his mouth and he was chomping at it vigorously. He paused every few minutes to write out some notes, but his obsession with chewing on small objects had not wavered.
"I meant it when I said I don't get you to myself too often." he told Cas as an explanation. "So go, sunshine." he made a shooing motion with his hand, and Castiel's heart churned with guilt.
They lapsed into a comfortable silence. Sam was typing away on his computer, and Dean had a faded copy of
open on his lap. “So, I’ve been updating the Men of Letters’ archives, digitalizing them. You won’t believe some of the stuff I found.”
“You just saw me a few hours ago, babe,” Jess said, gently shoving Sam so he was an arm’s length away. “Are you okay?” She placed her hands on his shoulders, and he grabbed her right hand and put it up to his face. She checked for a fever with her other hand.
"KU's the only place where I feel like I can be myself." Dean said roughly. He cleared his throat but Cas could still hear the pain in between Dean's words. "And you're a big part of that."
“You don’t have to yell, Dean-” The same gravelly voice from the phone came walking into the room, and Ronnie’s eyes landed on him.
keep you from goin' on another job for a while." Dean grabbed the small whiteboard that the hospital had provided and scrawled a message.
“Dean, can I talk to you for a sec?”
Dean only has to pull a little bit on Cas’s arm, and his best friend is falling into his arms, like the angel he was named for.
“The Internet is a dark and scary place, Sammy.” Dean replied, ruffling Sam’s hair. “Dude, you seriously need a haircut.”
"You're in love with me?"
"Dean..." Cas sighed heavily and walked toward him, cradling Dean's face and jaw, brushing his thumb over the other man's cheekbone. "Be careful." He closed his eyes and pressed his lips against Dean's, trying to convey all of the feelings he wasn't brave enough to say yet. Dean returned the kiss passionately, yanking Cas against him. Cas ended the kiss before Dean could go further, closing himself in the bathroom. Dean waited until he heard the shower turn on, shouldering his duffel. Somehow, the bag felt far heavier than it ever had before.
"Whatever you usually do." Dean shrugged. "So long as it's not the truth."
healed. I'm still mad at you."
"H-Hello?" he said, not even bothering to check the caller ID.
"It's kind of hazy but I remember you saying that you were sorry, and that you...loved me...and that you...needed me."
Her father was a relatively tall man with short military cut blond hair and a day’s stubble visible in the midmorning sun. His eyes were a bright green, the same as hers, and she could see the handsomeness that her mother had mentioned, even with the slumped shoulders and haunted gaze. “What’s your name again?”
“I mean…you kissed me.”
When the sleek black 1967 Chevrolet Impala came rolling into the parking lot, Veronica couldn’t resist the urge to grin. His car really was gorgeous, and in such great condition…her mom certainly hadn’t lied about that.
Rain began to patter against the windows and windshield of the Impala. Dean looked out into the road and turned on the engine.
“But-”
Cas threw his covers aside and hurriedly got dressed, pulling on boxers, jeans, and an old band t-shirt of Dean's. He opened his closet and retrieved his duffel bag, throwing some clothes and bathroom supplies into it before heading out into the apartment's foyer. He tried to be quiet, knowing that Sam was still asleep, but somehow managed to drop every loud thing in the kitchen as he prepared himself some food for the road. The microwave hummed behind him, slowly heating his oatmeal, and he paused to catch his breath for a moment. His chest was tight and his stomach clenched, worry pulling him in several directions.
"I-yes. Yes, I'll care for him." If Cas wanted to, he could probably send Dean to stay with his foster parents, Jody and Bobby, but something stopped him from calling them. Sure, he'd have to let them know at some point that their foster son had been hospitalized, but the idea of sending him to live in South Dakota seemed petty and immature in Cas's mind, especially since Cas was perfectly capable of caring for him.
Once the nurse did her job, she introduced herself as Lisa and told them to press the call button if there was anything they needed. After that, she left the room and closed the door behind her, encouraging Dean to get some rest since he would have to be on a liquid diet from now until his jaw healed up.
“Hey handsome,” Cas said from behind Dean, bending down to kiss him on the cheek.
“I guess.” Dean ran a hand over his face. “So what should I do?”
Cas pulled him into an embrace, not giving a damn about hiding his feelings. Not only did he know about them now, but keeping Dean in the dark seemed far less important than it had before. Cas ran a hand through Dean's hair, cradling his head against his chest. He stared out the window and mentally thanked whoever had warned him that something was wrong.
“I already told you,” Cas said, and Dean noticed that Cas wouldn’t look at him. “Lucifer’s child created this alternate dimension.”
"Agreed, but he signs our paychecks so we can't argue with him."
Dean Winchester had a habit of chewing on pretty much anything tubular in shape. Almost all of his writing utensils with circular ends had ended up in his mouth at one point or another. His desk was littered with various objects that Dean had been habitually biting for weeks, sometimes even months. Whenever his teeth broke off the object he'd been chewing, he tossed it toward the trash can at the other side of the room with varying degrees of success. When he got the object into the trash, he would ask Castiel if he'd seen him do it, thereby decimating Castiel's ability to focus for the remainder of their study session.
"Morning, bitch." Dean greets Sam the next day. His brother is eating a bowl of Mini-Wheats, the nerd, and scrolling through his phone.
Pen-caps were the main culprit, Castiel noticed. Beyond that, though, Dean's need to put phallic shaped objects in his mouth had to stop before it drove Castiel to do something he couldn't take back.
"We oughta get home before the campus floods." he explained, and Cas let him do it because they both had things to think about and there was no reason to continue their conversation at this juncture. He wasn't foolish enough to think that their discussion had concluded, however.
Black Sabbath t-shirt no less. He'd have to ask Cas why he wore Dean's clothes so often, if for no other reason than to have something else to tease him about.
’ into it. He typed every variation he could think of – Cassie, Cassandra, Veronica, Audrey, Martin…
#•#•#•
"No no no no no no no no." Castiel frantically untied the bedsheets from the doorknob, careful not to let Dean's far-too-limp form crash to the floor. He struggled to get the noose undone - Dean had been in Boy Scouts once upon a time - and when he did, he prayed that Dean would just wake up and be okay.
Perhaps he should stop avoiding the true problem – Sam had called it ‘deflecting’.
“You’re serious.”
“I’m your daughter.”
“Best. Pie. Ever.” Dean said in delight, munching on his sweet treat. Sam smiled at him from across the table, and just when Dean thought things couldn’t get any better, Cas swooped in and proved him wrong.
he was waiting for someone, after all. He forced himself to breathe, straightened out his shirt, and opened the door. Eileen stood in the hallway, wearing army green pants and a white t-shirt that said 'I'm Deaf, not Stupid' in black letters. Sam couldn't help the laugh that fell from his lips at the blunt humor she favored.
A long minute passed, and Veronica bit the inside of her cheek. She desperately hoped this hadn’t been for nothing.
"Why not? So you could lick your wounds for however long and then come back like nothing happened?"
“She’s a nice kid. 100x better than Emma.”
“Dean, can I ask you something?"
, looking down at him.
“I built her from the ground up.” Dean bragged. He knew he shouldn’t, but it felt good to be proud of something for once.
to be casual, it wasn't, not for Cas. He had no idea how Dean felt, and he was too much of a coward to ask.
The comments and tweets just would not stop coming. Never mind the direct messages and private chatrooms.
Cas shook himself – he had to stop imagining things to make up for his longing.
“Cas, it’s fine. I’ll just imagine everyone in their underwear.” His best friend grinned dorkily. “How much of your audience is female, anyway?”
“Is she really your daughter?” Cas got right to the point.
“I’m frankly surprised you hadn’t come along sooner, Dean, seein’ how much you love my burgers.”
“My name is Veronica. Veronica Robinson.” Dean didn’t respond, waiting for her to continue. “Does the name Cassie Robinson mean anything to you?"
"Not until this afternoon," said Sam, picking up the cereal bowl to drink the leftover milk. He lowered the bowl again once he was done, closing the cereal box and getting up to put it in the sink. "Might go over to the library to study some more though."
Dean's face moved into his frame of vision, a pen cap clenched between his teeth.
"You're leaving." Dean's head jerked up from where he'd been packing his shotgun and found Cas staring holes in his bag, arms crossed over his chest and an angry scowl marring his handsome face. "So soon?"
“Ronnie. Nice to meet you, Uncle Sam.”
'Cas didn't say.' he signed, his brows furrowing at the perturbed look on Eileen's face.
"You're lucky I'm too sex-addled to be mad at you." Cas told him, turning away. Dean pulled him into an embrace.
"For once, you had a good idea, Sammy." Dean grabbed his jacket from the command hook on the wall. Charlie resumed her incessant questioning, and Dean let her because she was like the little sister he'd never had.
Cas helped Dean get to his feet and led him to his own bed. Dean had removed his own bedsheets to make the noose, and he stared at the curled up material as if he didn't know what it was.
“No, not in accordance with the laws of nature. It is everything that could’ve happened if supernatural creatures had never destroyed your lives.”
"What makes you think you haven't?"
Cas's face filled with heat when Dean winked at him and he cleared his throat to keep his hormones in check. He could be mad at Dean all he wanted, but he couldn't deny the tension that simmered between them. Before Cas could respond, the door to the hospital room opened and a Hispanic man with a white lab coat and stethoscope draped around his neck came into the room.
It wasn’t as though he’d never gotten Q&A requests; it was the fact that they were requesting
“Would you have told me, if you were in her situation? We hunt monsters for a living; it’s not exactly a safe place for a baby.”
“I just do.”
Cas looked back at Jess for help.
"Are you hungry?" Cas asked, breaking the silence but still speaking lowly to avoid waking Sam. "Thirsty?" Cas padded over to the kitchenette and Dean watched him go, eyes lingering on the way the robe clung to Cas's ass. He followed Cas, leaning on the archway that separated the foyer from the kitchen. Cas busied himself with getting the Brita pitcher from the refrigerator, murmuring to himself about changing the filter at some point. He poured two glasses of water, as if it was totally normal to be awake at 3 am. Dean approached Cas from behind and rested his hands on the other man's waist. Cas stood to his full height, inhaling sharply when Dean's erection made itself known against the cleft of his rear.
"Did you say...six weeks?" Cas asked for clarification and the nurse nodded, grimacing sympathetically.
"You're paying me back for any porn you watch while we're here," Cas busied himself with putting the groceries away and only turned to face Dean once he knocked on the bedside table to indicate he had a message on his white board. He also turned off the pay-per-view, leaving the room eerily silent without the obnoxious moans of the sex workers on screen.
It was actually kind of adorable.
Sam shot up and yanked her into a bone-crushing hug.
Dean had fashioned a noose out of bedsheets, tied it to the doorknob, and was now hanging from their door, unconscious and not breathing.
“I missed you so much,” Sam whispered. “I’m so sorry.”
“Vee? Honey, did you find him?”
Dean smacked Sam on the arm, ignoring the pleasant blush that spread upward from his chest at the thought of being married to Cas.
"Man," Dean commented, not sure what else to say.
"Dean, that's extraordinarily kind of you but I think I've given you the wrong impression." Dean stared at him expectantly. Castiel sighed, nervously playing with his fingers. "I'm...demisexual. It means that I don't develop sexual attraction for someone unless I've developed a strong emotional bond first. As such, I'm on the asexuality spectrum and I don't think about sex or anything related to it the same way you do. Because of that, I've developed the proclivity to be aloof and appear as though I don't care when in reality..." He paused, looking deeply into Dean's eyes before deciding to go for it. "I care quite a lot."
Interest piqued, Dean, put his book down and went to lean over his brother’s shoulder.
“Nothing! It’s nothing!” Cas closed his laptop so fast he feared he would crack the screen.
“Dean?”
Dean leaned forward and practically pressed his mouth to Castiel's ear as he whispered,
Now dizzy with lust, Dean slammed back into Cas, jackhammering him so hard that there was barely any time between the telltale slaps of skin on skin. Dean spilled his load quickly after that, slowing down into lazy jerks of his hips. Cas made a needy noise and gestured for Dean to get back on the bed. Before he did though, Dean grabbed a pen cap and hid it inside his cheek.
“She came to find you. Spend a few days with her, let her get to know you. The real you, not the sarcastic jackass with a chip on his shoulder and daddy issues.”
“Cas?”
of the child.
“Prick.” Dean grunted.
The other conversation (well, mostly just Charlie hammering Dean with questions and not giving him adequate time to answer) had halted abruptly. Charlie, Dean, and Sam were all staring at Cas like he'd grown an extra appendage where he wasn't supposed to have. "What?" Cas self-consciously rubbed his face, his day-old stubble prickling against his fingers and palms.
'Hi, Sam.' she signed back. "Can I come in?" she said aloud, and Sam stepped aside, gesturing to the rest of the apartment. She laughed and walked in. Sam closed the door behind her and tried to keep his heart from hammering.
He had dark brown hair with a similar cut and style to Dean’s, but his was much messier. He also had the prettiest blue eyes she’d ever seen. He was currently wearing gray sweatpants and a Black Sabbath t-shirt.
She enthusiastically signed back with a smile, 'You could never bother me, Sam.'
Cas could scarcely breathe – Dean was so
“Wow, you’re done filming already?” Dean tried to be casual, but the cock of Cas’s head indicated it wasn’t working.
"Excuse me, are you Mr. Winchester's emergency contact?" At his nod, the nurse asked him to accompany her to the hall. With one last withering glare at Dean, Cas turned on his heel and followed her. "First thing's first, your partner will be perfectly healthy sooner than you think. Whatever impact he suffered severely dislocated his jaw and as a result, it will have to remain wired shut for no less than six weeks."
Sam had never been one to fidget, but he couldn't seem to sit still while he waited for Eileen to come over. If he wasn't tapping his fingers, mindlessly scrolling through his phone, or obsessively glancing at the clock, he was coming up with all sorts of scenarios for her to ditch him. Dean would say that she was out of his league, and in a way he was probably right, but Sam
Dean couldn’t believe it – this girl – his
Something like relief pooled in Dean’s chest – that meant that he didn’t have to worry about Cas having any random hookups (not that he had) – but it also meant…wait.
“Yeah I did. Do you want to talk to him?”
Sam couldn’t remember seeing Dean so light and happy, and he was grateful to Ronnie for providing that to him, but he couldn’t help but worry about Cas.
Castiel was grateful that he would have a break at work because, now that he knew for sure Dean was bi, his feelings were wreaking even more havoc on him than they normally did. They were practically screaming at him to take the pen cap out of Dean's mouth and replace it with the gentle and loving kisses the other boy so deserved. He had to force himself not to pull Dean's chair back and straddle him, run his hands through his best friend's perfect light blond hair as he kissed all the skin he could reach. It took all of his effort to avoid tipping Dean's head back away from his homework and give him a Spider-Man kiss, the way Tobey Maguire had to Kirsten Dunst.
“Me, obviously…Sam, Jo…I mean, you don’t have a lot of friends…”
“Chuck?” Dean breathed. “You…where the hell have you been?!”
Water sluiced over his body, highlighting the love bites and hickeys that Dean had left on his collarbone, hips, and inner thighs. Dean was a passionate, exploratory lover and every one of their encounters bested the one before it, almost as if Dean saw each orgasm as a challenge to do better. He knew
Cas was proud of himself. He'd made it through the entirety of A New Hope without losing his cool and tackling Dean, even when the latter constantly tested his resolve. Now they were watching
pretty." Color bloomed across his face, and affection pooled in Dean's chest at the sight.
It was only when Dean pulled up to what looked like the middle of nowhere that she started to question her decision to find him. She jumped when his phone rang, and she realized how tense she felt.
"Drink up."
Dean seemed to consider this.
"Do you have any idea what went through my head when the phone rang? Any clue whatsoever?" Dean mutely shook his head. "I thought it was going to be Benny, telling me that you didn't make it out. I thought you were grievously injured, and that I'd have to be the one to tell Sam what you should have explained to him long ago. Every time I watch you leave, I'm desperately afraid that you'll never come back. Do you know what that does to a person? What that has done to
“You seem certain of that.”
“And you’re okay with the fact that Cassie never told you?”
He'd been working on his sign language in between studying for finals, so he signed to her, 'Hi, Eileen. I hope I'm not bothering you.'
"You like writing?" Sam asked, and she nodded enthusiastically. "Maybe I could get you in touch with Cas's agent."
Stanford's library was impressive in both size and selection, but Sam wasn't interested in research today. Today, he was finally going to talk to Eileen Leahy, the prettiest girl he'd ever seen. If things went well, he'd follow through on his plan to invite her back to Cas's apartment to watch a movie together. Though Cas's departure that morning had been bizarre, Sam figured that it wasn't a big deal. If it had been, Cas would have been honest with him. 'Quit procrastinating.' he berated himself, scanning the library for Eileen's signature auburn hair.
For his part, Castiel tried to enjoy their time out together, but he couldn't stop thinking about what Dean had said before Sam and Charlie had come into the room.
“I’m starved. You wanna go get dinner? We can go pick Sammy up on the way, like old times.”
“Sammy!” Dean shouted, and his voice echoed off the walls. “Cas!”
"I'm going to bed." Cas snapped, instantly feeling guilty when he saw the way Dean completely shut down. His face shuttered and his jaw feathered heavily as he stared furiously at the television. Cas gathered his phone and made his way toward the door. To his surprise, Dean got up as well and turned off the television before ejecting the DVD and making moves to follow Cas back to their dorm room.
Dean paused, his jaw feathering once more. He turned around on the bed so that he sat on his socked feet and his knees bracketed Castiel's.
Dean’s father had always told him that you couldn’t take back a shot bullet or a spoken word. So how had Cas done it so easily?
"The proxy is willing to pay $15K for this hit." he responded, but Cas didn't seem impressed by this news. If anything, he was even
“Table for three, then?” asked Ellen.
"It's a nervous habit." said Dean. Cas cocked his head to the right inquisitively.
“As a heart attack. She’s mine.”
"Unfortunately, you don't have a choice, brother." Benny told him. "Maybe it's time you came clean bout this whole thing." Dean furiously wiped away the message with the fleshy side of his palm and wrote another.
Thanks to everyone who commented, left kudos or bookmarked this new project of mine! I almost forgot how fun fanfiction can be. Hope y'all enjoy this new chapter!
“Hey, Cas.” Dean said into the phone. “I’m out on a supply run, why?” He paused to listen to the other person on the phone – all she could hear was a gravely masculine garble – and continued, “I can’t go on a hunt right now.” Dean looked over at her, and something like fondness crept into his gaze. “I’ve got something else going on. You and Sammy can handle it without me.” He pulled the phone away and pressed end before the mysterious Cas could protest. “So, Ronnie. What exactly did your mom tell you about me?”
The knock on the door made him jump, which he immediately chastised himself for, since
"Which part?"
“God no. I don’t have a death wish.”
The brothers looked up again but Sam quickly looked away, as it was Cas standing in the doorframe now.
Suddenly, as if a light had been switched on, Dean gasped and coughed, his hand going to his throat. Tears fell from Cas's eyes as Dean blinked back into awareness. He tackled Dean to the floor, pressing his face into the other man's neck and inhaling his scent. Soap, motor oil, and the faintest spicy cologne assailed his nostrils. He leaned back and held both sides of Dean's face, searching his eyes.
“Huh.” Dean drummed his fingers on the dashboard. “But you’ve never tried hunting any of those things, right?”
"Oh, okay. Do you know when you'll be back?"
“Night.” the brothers replied in unison, and Ronnie smiled at them before walking bare-footed down the hall. One of the bedroom doors closed with a
Dean tried not to be obvious as he watched Castiel talk to the tripod, animatedly discussing the books he’d bought at their most recent trip to Barnes and Noble. His whole face was glowing and his eyes were bright – and not just because of the ring light he’d bought with six months’ paycheck from Gabriel’s coffee joint. Cas got as excited about books as Dean did about cars.
"Hello, Dean." Dean's fist was still raised when the door to Cas's apartment opened. The man himself wore Dean's robe to cover the fact that he typically slept commando. "Or should I say, welcome back."
“Not my fault you’re short.” Sam said to Dean. The elder Winchester opened his mouth to argue, but was cut off by his overexcited little brother. “But you’ll never guess what came in the mail!”
liked Eileen and he was pretty sure she liked him too.
"Don't be cruel, Cas..." Dean stepped forward, but Cas dodged him easily. Now it was his turn to smirk.
"C'mere."
"Then, yes, I'd love to." she said with a grin, and Sam had to physically stop himself from whooping in the middle of the library. 'What time?' she signed, and Sam thought about it before telling her 6 PM. He scribbled the address onto a piece of paper and signed that he'd better let her get back to her essay. She thanked him and he managed to speedwalk from the library, only pausing to pump his fist triumphantly once he was out of sight.
“That’s what she said.”
A warm flush trickled up Cas’s neck to bloom on his face, but before he could make an excuse for it the conversation had shifted.
He ignored Sam’s bitchface and just let himself enjoy for once.
Once they were back in their dorm room, it took all of ten seconds for Dean to start chewing on a pen cap again. Castiel tried to ignore it, but the sound and the visuals his mind had been steadily supplying had brought him to his wit's end.
When they returned to the Bunker, Sam was back and covered in monster blood.
Dean ran a hand over his face and pressed his lips together.
Ronnie couldn’t figure out where to look – Dean had called this place “the Bunker”, and it certainly looked it, based on the outdoor security alone.
He and Sam looked around – they were in a park, happy families, and peaceful picnics as far as the eye could see.
“You’ll always be a baby to me, Sam.” Ellen said, her expression going somber for a moment. She was clearly reflecting on the fact that, during John’s drunken rampages, Mary had sent the boys to stay with Bobby and Ellen so that she could handle him alone.
“Your concern is touching, but I’m fine.” Cas pulled Dean’s hand away and resumed his beeline for the coffeemaker.
“Come on Cas, she’s a kid-”
“Who knows? It might.”
“She said that you’re a hero, even though you don’t think of yourself as one. You and your brother – you fight and kill monsters and save people. You saved my mom and Gramma Audrey from the vengeful spirit of Cyrus Dorian.”
The other boy glanced up from his engineering textbook – a few days had passed since their outing to the Roadhouse, and Cas’s infatuation had only seemed to grow – and Cas noted that Dean had a pen cap in his mouth. What was it with that boy and his phallic obsession? It nearly drove Cas to insanity.
“I like it this length.”
"Heya, Cas." The high-schooler replied, but he seemed distracted. This worried Cas, so he promptly asked Sam what was bothering him.
" he said, biting the inside of his cheek to bring awareness back to his brain instead of his dick. "No sex until your jaw is
Dean wrote on the whiteboard. He leaned down and kissed each knob of Cas's spine, starting at the top and making his way to his tailbone. Then he went back up, stopping at Cas's hairline. Logically, Cas knew that he should stop Dean, that the other man needed to eat and rest, but Dean knew exactly how to make him speechless with just a few nips along his shoulders.
"More or less." answered Cas. "Why?"
"Good morning, Dean." Cas greeted him. "How'd you sleep?"
“Ah well, it wouldn’t be the same without Cas and Sam.”
“Handle what?” Ronnie asked, brows furrowing.
Dean's cocky smirk.
Castiel let the bathroom fill with steam from his shower, leaning his head on the closed bathroom door, waiting until he heard the apartment door close behind Dean. He undid Dean's robe and let it drop to the floor, stepping under the glorious shower pressure his apartment had been blessed with.
They sit in their normal seats, and if Cas and Dean’s knees knock together more than once, well, he can’t be blamed for the goosebumps that appear all across his skin, can he?
"Jerk," Sam returned reflexively and Dean grinned at their banter. "What time did you get in?"
“Sam!” Dean shouted, gripping Cas’s hand tightly.
“No.” Dean croaked. “No! You can’t be…no…”
The door to their dorm room opened and Dean came in, tossing his backpack onto his bed and falling back into his chair with a relieved groan. “Long day?” asked Cas, returning to the Q&A video.
- X - X - X -
"You need to take better care of yourself, and if ensuring that means dealing with some minor sexual frustration, then so be it."
However now, Sam was in a gray suit, crisp white shirt, sporting a maroon tie and slightly shorter hair. Dean looked down at himself and found he was in sweatpants and an old Black Sabbath t-shirt. In front of him was a large piece of peach pie with a dollop of whipped cream on top.
"I'm not letting you out of my sight for the next 36 to 48 hours." Castiel answered, and Dean shot him a confused look over his shoulder. "I've already looked into getting someone to take notes for you in your classes. You'll have to go in for your midterms, but I'm handling everything else."
While at Walmart, he bought some clothes for them since they would be here longer than their packed clothing would extend, and as much liquified food as he could carry. He came back to their hotel room and found Dean watching Busty Asian Beauties on pay-per-view. He rolled his eyes heavenward and said,
Not the life-threatening kind, of course, but the emotional kind. The kind that left him uncomfortably hard in his jeans whenever he felt Dean’s eyes on him. The kind that made him change his masturbation schedule so there was no chance of Dean coming home and hearing just how loud Cas became when lost in his fantasies. The kind that would not end well for anyone involved. The kind that made him say “I love you” and then pretend it hadn’t happened.
"Fuck, Dean, I'm close! Ah!" All at once, Dean had Cas's whole dick down his throat and Cas couldn't hold back any longer. Thick, ropey ejaculate shot down Dean's throat as he shouted through his climax. Dean lapped it all up like a lollipop. Cas completely noodled against the bed, staring at Dean with an expression of unrepressed longing. "I want you to fuck me." he said after a moment, and Dean, whose cock had been slowly losing interest, perked up. "Please, Dean."
"I've been ready for over a year." Cas answered. "But you have to get naked. I'm not getting denim burn on my ass."
“Are you sure that this girl –
Dean regarded Benny with as dry an expression as he could muster, and the other man chuckled under his breath. "We called Cas."
“Don’t worry about that.” Chuck snapped his fingers, and Cas’s eyes snapped open along with his mouth, which gasped for air. “I couldn’t restore his grace, so he’s human now, but I imagine that won’t be a problem.”
"I was just thinking about when we met." Castiel answered honestly. He'd found that, even though he was keeping his the truth of his feelings from Dean, if he spoke candidly about other things, the ache in the center of his ribcage throbbed less.
Cas trusted Sam; Dean had raised him well.
“It means that I am somewhere between sexual and asexual. I do not feel…sexually attracted to someone until I’ve formed an emotional connection with them.”
Cas tilted his head, squinting in confusion. Dean's heart tripped over itself - how was this man so adorable? More importantly, how had he decided Dean was worth his time or energy?
Dean was staring at him expectantly, and Cas’s mouth went dry as he realized the gravity of what he was about to ask.
“Don’t,” Cas whispered. “It’s too hard.”
on his board. "Very well then. The nurse should be in soon with those papers and you will be free to go."
. That’s what you were trying to tell me.”
Had Dean's life been in danger and Cas wasn't aware? He didn't have a clue how that could be possible, considering they were roommates and spent much of their time together outside of their classes. He found himself staring at Dean, trying to unlock the secrets that he hid behind a charming smile and an addiction to chewing phallic objects.
He gave Cas a heated, lingering once over, desire in his eyes.
Dean stood to his full height and crossed his arms over his chest. It was clear that he was a man that couldn’t be moved, not about this.
"Sounds about right. Um. Can I come in?" Cas stepped aside wordlessly and closed the door behind Dean. He flipped the lock and the sound echoed in the 2-bedroom apartment Dean helped Cas pay for. Like the rest of California, Palo Alto was an expensive place to live, but Sam had wanted to go to Stanford since he learned what college was, and after all the crap they'd been through, Dean didn't have it in him to deny his kid brother anything.
"If that were true, I'd have saved your life several times over by now." he replied, and Dean snorted.
Predictably, Dean Winchester threw a massive wrench into his well-laid plans. A mechanical engineering major with a love for classic rock, cars, and corny jokes, Dean was far from what Castiel had anticipated his soulmate to be like, but he couldn't help it. Dean was handsome, incredibly smart, modest, great with kids, and a truly wonderful friend. The fact that Dean wanted to stay local and potentially take over his godfather, Bobby Singer's, shop once Bobby retired conflicted with Cas's California dreams.
“I have no idea,” Sam said, a sigh whooshing out of him. “Apparently, in this universe, not only is Jess alive, but you and Cas are married, which congratulations man-ow!”
“Oh god, don’t remind me of her, or even compare the two.”
Dean ran the pad of his thumb over the inside of Cas’s wrist, and the other boy…
“Who, exactly, beyond my family, have I formed an emotional connection with?” asked Cas.
“She was your first love.”
Dean blinked repeatedly and shook his head slightly, pressing his hand against the spot where seconds ago Cas’s lips had been.
Without another word, Cas went into the bathroom. He briefly debated locking the door, but he decided against it. Dean would never continue to pursue him unless they'd previously agreed on it, as a dom/sub fantasy. He understood and accepted consent.
Dean must have sensed the urgency in Sam’s tone because he didn’t crack a joke or taunt him – just approached with a serious expression.
"Mr...Winchester," he paused to give Dean a once over and jotted something down on the clipboard in his hand. "Aside from your jaw, you are in perfect health. As such, there is no further need to keep you here in the hospital. One of the nurses is working on your discharge papers as we speak." Dean let out a noise of jubilation, but the doctor held up a hand. "Ah, ah, ah - your jaw will need to remain wired for the next two weeks to prevent further damage. Once the two weeks are up, you'll have to come back for an evaluation. If all goes well then, we'll be able to remove the wiring and send you home with painkillers and a promise to avoid opening your mouth too widely." he turned to Cas, who straightened his posture at the serious expression the doctor had on. "You're his emergency contact, correct? You'll be the one to care for him?" At Cas's nod, the doctor continued, "Excellent. I suggest you make accommodations to stay in the area until your partner's jaw can be unwired. His chart says his primary residence is in Palo Alto, California, is that correct?" Cas nodded again; Dean didn't technically have a place of his own, but he stayed at Cas's between jobs, and it was easier to agree than to explain the details. "While you could go to a hospital there for the procedure, we suggest that you stay locally to keep things as cohesive as possible. Unless either of you have a reason to go to a different doctor...?" Cas shook his head and Dean wrote
“Gross, Dean.”
“I’m not really sure but you’re closer to him than I am. You know, that profound bond stuff.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Dean.”
"You said last night that being...demisexual meant that you can only be sexually attracted to someone if you've been friends first, right?"
"Dean!" Cas cried as Dean's fingers were replaced with his tongue. He did the rest of the prep that way, and Cas clutched his blankets, unable to stop the noises of pleasure.
"Hello, Sam." Castiel greeted.
"Welcome back, sunshine." Dean grinned, and Cas rolled his eyes. Dean also had a habit for giving people nicknames, especially ones that he knew they would resent. This one in particular came from Cas's inability to be a morning person. While Dean could survive on four hours of sleep (or less), Castiel became a feral zombie if he didn't get his typical seven hours. If it got really bad, Dean had learned to leave a cup of black coffee (with two sugars) and a blueberry bagel on Cas's bedside table and come back when his mood lifted. "Where'd you go? It was like you were in a whole other world."
Cas stood first and hauled Dean to his feet, chuckling when Dean practically ran to toss the vegetables in their separate pots to boil. Cas put out the mixing bowl as Dean took out the butter, eggs, flour, and sugar needed to make the dough for the crust. Dean was pretty fast at making pie crust in general, considering how pies were the specialty in his bakery, but he was aiming to set a whole new record. Cas stood on the other side of the island, resting his elbows against the granite as Dean sprinkled flour onto the countertop to roll out the dough.
. Something broke inside of Dean, something akin to joy, his body being cleansed, flooded with freedom. Sam had known how Dean had felt about Cas this whole time and didn’t care. He still loved him anyway.
Even if Cas couldn’t be his, even if he couldn’t have what he wanted, he held firm to the one truth he had always known: Cas always comes back. Dean’s whole life had been written in a book, but Cas was never supposed to be in the story— Chuck said so himself, twelve years ago:
There was nothing. He was nothing. Nowhere.
Dean swallowed down the hopelessness, put a hand out to steady himself on a bookshelf. If he let himself think too hard, he knew he would fall to his knees and never get up again.
“Just because.” And because Dean was running on basically no sleep, and because he was weak, he added, “I missed you last night.”
and he had a checklist to focus on, but
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you so much for reading! I know this has an implied happy ending and I could probably leave it here, but I think everyone is collectively losing their mind after 15x18 (me included) so I won't stop until these two idiots are back together, so there will be 3 parts to this, all posted before 15x19 airs!
“Cas,” he had said, his heart in his throat and his hands shaking and Cas was moving toward him and Dean could finally say it back, he
Fully seated. And Cas still wasn’t moving. Dean squirmed, tried to rock his hips down to fuck himself on Cas’s cock, but Cas held him in place once again. Dean looked up, wanted to scream for him to move… Cas had on that shit-eating grin again. That goddamned cocky bastard. “Tell me what you need, Dean.”
That was
He loved him.
It had happened years ago, something gradual and subtle that Dean could never pinpoint exactly when it started, but it was there all the same. He loved Cas, and that had been enough for him. It had been enough because he had known Cas could never love him back— Cas was so full of light and life that he deserved someone that could give him the world… and that was never Dean. All Dean could ever do was hurt Cas, over and over again, stabbing him in the back and plucking out his feathers one by one. Even when he tried to tamp down his anger, even when he tried to keep from lashing out at Cas when it was never his fault, Dean always managed to hurt Cas. So Dean had to push his feelings down, cast the butterflies in his stomach aside, because that was what had always been for the best. Dean could handle loving Cas from a distance, but he could never risk losing him. He was nothing without Cas.
, so Castiel had just shoved it down, thought he was reading into it. How Dean had grabbed him, desperate, clutched at him the second time they were in Purgatory. The words reaching Castiel mid-fight with the leviathans:
“Thank you for getting Dunkin,” Dean said, softer now, his fingers trailing along Cas’s face to cup the line of his jaw, swiping a thumb over his cheekbone as Cas closed his eyes and sighed in response. Dean took a sip of his coffee, and it was just like he preferred it— black, dark roast, with a splash of vanilla, not like the sickeningly sweet caramel monstrosities Cas favored. Dean moved forward, closed the gap between them, and kissed Cas— without warning, a little messy, tasting the sugar staining Cas’s lips. It was the little things that made Dean fall in love with Cas, over and over, like the simplicity of knowing his coffee order.
“Dean?” Dean raised an eyebrow in response, giving Cas space, but still never moving far away. “Can we go home?”
“Happy Thanksgiving, Dean.” Translated to: I love you.
. No matter how bruised and broken he felt on the inside, Dean was more than an instrument of destruction or a tool of war because Cas knew who he really was. He
Cas was not allowed to die without knowing how much Dean loved him, how his heart threatened to burst from his chest and follow Cas to the unknown. Cas was
But the rest of the words died before they could reach the air. Cas was inches away, one hand moved to settle on Dean’s waist. He had dipped into the empty can, bright red filling coating his index finger. Bringing it up to Dean’s lips, he tapped lightly and ordered, “Suck.”
“Of course, Cas,” he whispered, smiling into a kiss. “I would be grateful for your help.”
“Yeah, I know. We’ll find a way to get them all back. I know,” Dean said, staring at a point beyond his vision, seeing nothing but blue, blue eyes. He drew in a breath, ragged, rattling around his ribs, closer to the verge of tears than he’d like to be.
And Castiel
. You left me. You can’t— don’t ever leave me again.”
“That’s the general idea, yeah.” Cas’s grin tilted, teeth showing, and Dean wished he could abandon all responsibilities and shred the damn checklist because,
. Looking at him like it was starving.
Dean sprung to his feet, frantic, ready to scream that the portal couldn’t close, he had to go back and get Cas— He whirled around and Cas was there, on his knees next to the refrigerator. Dean closed his eyes with a blessing and collapsed, throwing himself forward until his arms framed a halo around Cas.
Cas held up a hand, narrowed his eyes until they truly did look closed, and pointed to his cup. “No talk. Coffee.”
, it should have been something I told you years ago.” Deep breath. He could do this. For Cas. “What you said before, that what you want is something you can’t have… That’s not true. You can have it. Cas, we… we can have it. I’m sorry I didn’t say it before now. I’m sorry I didn’t make it clearer. But to hear you say all those things, to hear that you thought I didn’t feel the same way—”
“Hey,” Cas said, interrupting Dean’s train of thought. Dean turned to face him just to immediately get a handful of hairs from the corncobs dumped onto his head. Cas laughed, a bright and slightly manic sound, as Dean struggled to brush it all out of his hair— those damn strings were so slippery and kept getting tangled around his ear.
“I love you, too, Dean.” Cas pulled out slightly, rocked forward ever so infinitesimally; Dean cried out, whimpered at the motion. “Aren’t you happy I came home early to help you in the kitchen?”
. “You left before I ever got a chance to say… before I—”
Dean rolled his neck, shook out his arms. “Ready as I’ll ever be, kid.”
. You weren’t kidding. And you said you wanted to also make a pie? Overachiever, much?”
. His whole life, saying
it’s a lot of juggling different dishes. This isn’t exactly something where there’s the kind of time to flip through recipe books or for me to give you a bunch of tutorials.”
Castiel felt his heart drop to his stomach.
Dean’s voice was strained. “Babe, you’re gonna kill me if you keep this up.”
If Dean had been a bit braver, none of this would have happened. Cas would still be here. He wouldn’t have felt like he needed to sacrifice himself to kill Billie, to save Dean from her wrath. Cas wouldn’t have been taken without knowing that Dean felt the same way. That Dean loved him back.
“Watch your tone, babe,” Cas chided, but it was gentle, still smiling. “Tell me what you’re thankful for today, Dean.”
Dean moaned, low and long, blindly fumbling for the button on Cas’s pants. “You gonna fuck me, baby? You gonna fuck me so good I’ll have to walk funny?”
Dean leaned back so he could meet Cas’s gaze. “Not that I’m complaining, but… we
really like your scrambled eggs and you
Cas looked hesitant but hopeful. “Yeah. I thought I could help you make all the food for Thanksgiving. It doesn’t seem fair to you that you have to do all the work.”
“Cas,” Dean called again, his voice cracking, and he moved onward in the darkness. “Cas, man, where are you?”
Cas snagged his pillow and shoved it under Dean’s hips, giving him the angle he wanted. Reaching over, he pulled lube and a condom from the bedside drawer. “Open it,” he instructed, tossing the bottle of lube to Dean, who smeared it into Cas’s palm after he rolled the condom on. Gently, so gently, Cas lifted him so the backs of Dean’s thighs rested right above Cas’s knees. Dean spread his legs wider, unconsciously, as a finger probed at Dean’s entrance before driving in.
“Cas, you fucker!” He strained against Cas’s hold— how the hell was he this strong? For a doctoral student who spent most of his time buried in classics, he sure was making the best out of his trips to the gym.
“For what?” Dean genuinely didn’t know what
“No, I’m just being pinned to the ground by my boyfriend instead of putting the veggies on to boil.”
Dean was breathless, his voice a whispered confession against Cas’s neck. “I love you, Cas. So fucking much.”
And Sam started laughing— he actually started
Cas gasped, and the noise startled Dean into action. He closed the gap between them and pressed his lips to Cas’s, hesitant at first, questioning, and then everything inside of him melted as Cas sighed into his mouth. It was like a supernova exploded within Dean, like something in him had been asleep and was just now waking up and realizing the world was in glorious, vivid color. Dean deepened the kiss, insistent, fitting himself perfectly in line with Cas. A quiet moan escaped up his throat, and he couldn’t even be embarrassed, because this was all he wanted, and damn it, he
“You know the way you feel about Eileen?” Okay. It was a start.
perfect because it was his first time celebrating the holiday with Cas.
to go, to send himself so that Dean could live, and Dean—
“I’m yours,” he repeated, stuck on the surge of euphoria swimming through him, each wave hitting with every thrust. “Cas, I’m yours. This is me— this is who I am, this is… Lain out for you, whatever you need. I’m yours. Baby, I’m yours.”
Sam nodded, a breathy laugh as he brought his beer up to take a sip. “Yeah, Dean, I know the way I feel about Eileen.” And Sammy must have been exercising a lot of patience for Dean’s benefit, because he grimaced at the mention of her name but continued, “Why are you asking me this, Dean?”
The shuddering gasp was the thing to send Dean over the edge. He was coming without ever touching himself. It was enough to watch Cas come apart above him, feel him pulsing inside him. The world whited out for a moment, static creeping in on the edges of Dean’s vision. Universe going supernova. Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s cock as he came down from his own orgasm, pumping Dean slowly, milking him. When Dean’s senses returned, he sunk into the mattress, boneless. Cas slipped out of him, peeling off and tying up the condom before crawling up the bed to nestle his face in the crook of Dean’s neck.
Cas’s mouth tilted into a sly smile. “Round two can easily just be me eating that cherry pie in bed. You’re replaceable, you know.”
. The righteous man, the hunter with a heart of gold, the love of his long, long life— Castiel had finally been able to figure out how to protect him.
to work. If it didn’t— if Dean couldn’t get Cas back from the Empty— he didn’t know what he would do. It all just came up blank. The future boiled away to nothing.
Dean dove in to plant a kiss on Cas’s cheek, winking at him as he plucked the list from his grasp. “I don’t hear you complaining about my enthusiasm when it’s applied in other situations.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but it was a fond gesture— his mom had always told him that he was the worst person to deal with in the morning, but Cas took the grumpiness to a whole new level. It was sort of endearing.
“Need you. Need you
Dean followed him and perched on the coffee table so he could face him, gently taking the offered coffee from Cas’s hands. Cas gripped his own cup tightly, holding it up near his chin, hunched and eyes still half-closed, like he had just rolled out of bed. “Cas, man, you look like shit.”
With every step, the portal loomed closer. With every step, Dean felt the future grow brighter, glow golden. When they were in front of it, Dean squeezed Cas’s hand, held on tight, and met Cas’s gaze. “Together,” he murmured, and they both stepped through the line of light.
And yet all Dean had been able to think about, as he was lying awake late into the night, was the horror of burning a turkey. Or, no, worse— either not cooking it all the way through or setting it on fire in the oven. A whole number of things could go wrong. This was a holiday about food, sure, but it was also a holiday about math. Certain foods needed to be cooked in a certain order at certain times to ensure everything was fresh and made that day. And even though Dean had done Thanksgiving before— growing up, he had helped his mom until she suggested he take it over— and even though he had even made all the fixings in his small studio apartment with its tiny kitchen (which was a feat), and even though Dean owned his own bakery and had gotten pretty damn good at this… none of it would matter if a single thing went wrong today. If he even so much as put the pie in too late so that the turkey wasn’t done on time, he would be so embarrassed he would have to crawl in a hole and maybe change his identity.
, he could have whatever he wanted, and Dean would give it all to him.
God, if only he had been able to
. “And I’m sorry it took me so long to say it— I’m sorry it took me ‘til now to say it.” A short, soft kiss on his lips, leaning back enough to see the lust-blown blue of Cas’s eyes. “Cas, I
… Cas took pleasure in watching Dean beg for it, beg for him to move faster. He liked it, watching Dean fall apart. No one had ever been able to unravel him quite like Cas, so effortlessly and so thoroughly.
“Yeah, Cas, we can go home,” Dean said. Frowned. Because Jack had said… “But, uh, there’s actually something else I have to tell you. Jack was able to open a portal to get me here, but only humans are able to pass through it. Which means…”
“Dean.” Cas, completely serious, like he didn’t understand that Dean was joking. “You’re hardly a match. You know you’re my cherry pie.”
“You love it,” Cas mused, bending forward so that he hovered mere centimeters from Dean— just enough that Dean couldn’t reach for a kiss if he tried… and boy did he try.
, and he was here, he was
. “Sammy, there’s something I gotta tell you.”
given to each other. In their touches, they were young again. In a kiss, they were infinite.
Cas’s face flushed, his tongue darting out to lick his lip as his eyes darkened. “Dean Winchester, don’t tempt me when now I know you weren’t kidding about how much has to be done.”
had never been easy. Something had always stopped him, had kept the words from meeting the air. And it was true that he tried to show his love in other ways, but Cas deserved more. He deserved to hear it. He deserved to hear Dean say his name like it was holy, because it
Dean shivered. Fuck, he was turned on. How did someone make pie again?
As if on cue, Jack came into the room, quickly followed by Adam— no, Michael. Dean’s insides clenched, the all-too familiar terror starting from his core, but he tamped it down. This Michael was different. This Michael was on their side. This Michael understood that they needed Cas back in order to defeat Chuck, in order to restore balance to the world.
A torrent of images seared through his mind: Cas exploding with a snap of Lucifer’s fingers, Cas wading into the water and his head going under, a reaper driving a blade into Cas’s gut and his body motionless in an armchair, black veins crawling through Cas when he was stabbed by the lance of Michael, light streaming from his eyes, the outline of wings scorched into the earth. The breath was slammed out of Dean. It was a punch to the gut, it was—
“So, you, you know,” Dean trailed off, his mouth shaping the word love but only releasing empty air. “You, uh, her?”
. The sounds shivered out of him in breathless sobs, his body shaking so violently he thought everything might shatter around him. Everything
So hours had passed, rolled over into days, and Dean knew that if he came up against Chuck, he was sure to lose. Cas cared for the whole world because of Dean— well, it was only fair that the opposite was true. Dean wanted to care, knew Cas would want him to, and he tried to bury his head in the job, he
“Well, I hope the coffee does its job a little faster because I shudder to think you got all those fancy college degrees and your vocabulary bottoms out at ‘dumbass.’”
But that didn’t matter right now. This— this was about the love they were laying down on their way. The love they gave to each other, had
“Yeah. I’m sorry.” Dean touched the tips of his fingers to Cas’s cheek, tried to remind himself that this was Cas’s choice, that if Dean’s heart needed to break, he would gladly let Cas do it. “If there had been another way, I would’ve taken it. And I understand if you don’t… if you don’t want to give up your grace.”
“Happy Thanksgiving, Dean.”
“Yeah, Dean, I know. I want them all back, too. I want—
But what if it was?
“After all this time, you still think I would let you leave that easily? That I would just let you go?” Now it was Dean’s turn to pull back, to make sure that Cas could see the truth written in his eyes; his hands still clutched at Cas’s shoulders, fingers surely leaving bruises in his skin from how hard he dug in, how much he needed to know that this was Cas, this was
Cas’s fingers slipped out suddenly, the absence making something inside of Dean coil and snap. He hated that he was so needy, and a part of his brain yelled for him to stop, but Dean was so far past the point of begging. “Need you in me, Cas. Cas,
A fresh wave of despair washed over him, trying to force Dean to his knees. “Get a hold of yourself, Winchester,” he ground out, taking a step forward. This was a mission; this was a rescue.
“Oh, yes, Cas,
“Yeah, I was, but... I wanted to be here,” Cas admitted, teeth working at his lower lip as he tilted his head away to try to hide his blush. “It was nice to see Gabe and Anna without involving the rest of the circus, and I know I was going to wait to head here until Dad had come for Thanksgiving, but I wanted to be here. Helping you.”
. This was home, tucked in the curve of Cas’s neck and in Dean spreading his palms flat against Cas’s stomach. Every second was a drop of ink on the page of the new story they were writing— the one where they got to decide the ending.
“It’s okay,” Sam said, clapping his brother on the back. “It’s okay, Dean. You didn’t have to, but I’m still glad you told me anyway.”
sorry for the delay in posting! (my dog demanded my attention and has no respect for writing deadlines)
Before he could even open his mouth, the Empty snapped, “No, Castiel, I didn’t take your little boyfriend. I’m not interested in having humans here. They’re so
Dean sat on the floor with his head in his hands and he couldn’t stop fucking
“Well, uh, I—” Dean broke off, hissed in a breath. He could do this. “That’s. Um. I get it. How you feel. It’s how
“She’s just jealous you ended up with this hot piece of ass and not her.”
Cas dropped Dean onto the bed, the backs of his knees hitting the end of the mattress. He raised himself on his elbows, drinking in the sight of Cas standing over him. “Come here,” he murmured, quietly, different from moments before in the kitchen. First flinging his pants and boxers across the room before dragging Dean’s shirt over his head, Cas kissed up Dean’s body, starting at the bones of his ankles and working his way up. The side of Dean’s knees where they creaked sometimes, even though he was only in his twenties. The inside of his thighs, the right and then the left. The curve of his hipbone. The skin right below his belly button (Dean caught the smirk as Cas blew a quick stream of air over his actual belly button). And then Cas sunk his hand into the bag of sugar, came back with a fistful. Sprinkled it lightly over Dean’s abdomen, and Dean shivered at the featherlight touch. Cas ran his tongue along the line of sugar, licking a stripe from Dean’s navel to his Adam’s apple. Before Dean could draw him up to his mouth, Cas returned his devotion of kissing along Dean’s body. Tracing the lines of his ribs. A moment, an open-mouthed kiss over where Dean’s heart was, pounding so wildly at the knowledge that
“Hello, Dean.”
. All the times Dean’s hands had lingered a little too long, dragging down his arm, palm cradling his cheek, and part of Castiel’s brain had screamed,
, but he had always thought Dean didn’t want. Could never want. Because how could Dean love him— someone who had betrayed him, hurt him, stayed away to keep him safe. Castiel was fallen and broken, and loving Dean was a privilege he couldn’t believe he could have, but that was all it was and all it would ever be. Dean would never return his feelings. Couldn’t. Being with Dean in the way that he wanted was something Castiel could never have.
Dean pulled back, smile laced with relief, and let out a watery laugh. “Thanks, Sammy. For… for everything.”
this takes place prior to 15x19, even though it's being posted after the episode has aired
Cas glared at him again, in a way that Dean was all too familiar with because of his smart-ass mouth, but with how Cas’s head was tilted in response to Dean’s touch made it less menacing and more pouty. Dean couldn’t keep his smile from appearing, mostly because he could never really
. Need you inside me.”
you’ve caused?” The Empty was close now, so close, and even in Meg’s smaller form, its presence towered over him. “Didn’t you realize that
“So happy,” Dean forced out, grinding down as Cas started to move for real. “Happy you— ahhhhh,
, Castiel had had to content himself with loving from afar. There had been nights where Dean and Castiel had stayed awake until the early hours of dawn, researching or talking or just doing their own thing with the presence of each other’s company. Always, eventually, Dean would drift off, and Castiel would smile softly at Dean’s light snores. And even though he knew Dean didn’t like being watched as he slept, Castiel would steal those moments for himself— watching Dean’s face smooth with the peacefulness of dreams, and Castiel would dream about all the things he wanted: to climb in bed next to Dean, fit himself into his arms and tuck his nose against Dean’s throat, kiss every inch of his skin in worship, in praise, with Dean sighing the name he gave him—
.” Teeth lightly grazed his cock as Cas drew back and Dean thought he might curl in on himself with just how good it all felt. How good Cas felt. How good he looked, on his knees in front of Dean, pretty pink lips wrapped around his cock and sweat trickling down from his hair. Dean curled his fingers into it, trying to remind himself not to pull too hard. He guided Cas back, one of Cas’s hands coming up to pump the lower half of his cock while the other tickled along his balls. Dean thought his knees were going to buckle and he was going to pass out right here, right in the middle of his goddamn kitchen.
“We ready?” Dean scrambled to his feet, quickly scrubbing his eyes, clearing his throat as he compartmentalized, put everything back in place. If he thought too hard about what happened, about what he was going to do, about Cas— he would crumble and be unable to save Cas, and that simply couldn’t happen.
