He kisses and sucks the head of his cock lightly.
John moans into the kiss. “Love you Maggie.” He hums, helping to undress her.
Leave a comment and let us know what you think!
John cowers on the ground, his ears ringing. Sherlock rushes to call an ambulance, urging them to come quickly.
Greg sinks to his knees, kissing Johns cock.
Michael smiles as he stands with the others.
Greg smiles, leading Mycroft to the couch so they can relax.
Peter relaxes against Sam, breathing him in a bit.
They go to get dressed.
He kisses his head softly.
Chloe hums happily and leans against him.
She smiles softly and nods, taking his hand gently as she leads him to the kids play room.
“Mm don’t rock back and forth. It’ll only make you more desperate because your stuck and it’ll pull on your mate. Slow circles side to side. You’ll get more friction around your knot and it’ll rub her pleasure spots better.” Darius smirks, showing him how it’s done.
“It seems so. All the children are accounted for. Pups and all..” He hums, not having told Sherlock the children were in danger.
He bobs his head and presses gently on his hole.
She cries out and comes hard suddenly.
The waiter came back, putting a new latte on the table. Mycroft looked up at him and sniffed. *"Meilleur."* (“Better.”)
She blushes and smiles softly. "You're beautiful.."
Greg nods “at least you grew up knowing. You weren’t just thrown into it one day.”
He grinds against her, groaning. “Bend over.”
Trust in me when I say
"Mm you really are a genius.." John bites his neck and removes the rest of their clothes.
"Of course.." He nuzzles him. "How long have you been without someone?" He rubs his back gently knowing George's wife died when his daughters were little.
“Let me know how that goes. I may be of some use.” Irene let’s Sabine into the car and follows after her.
He holds onto him.
In the oceans of me
“He won’t just get his own way. I will make sure it’s fair for us.” Camille promises.
He does his best to send calming thoughts through their bond, despite the fact that he wants to march up to Mycroft and demand he be given the chance to rip the dick off of the bastard who had hurt his wife.
He whimpers at the praise and fucks himself back on Morgan's cock, bobbing his head to take Issac further down.
"It's not fine, Sherlock. It's really not. God I try so hard to treat her the best I can." John sighs and shakes his head. "She needs to learn how to take care of herself. Forget it. It doesn't matter. She doesn't matter right now."
He kisses her back softly. “Sleep, Love.”
"How? How does he do it? How does he deal with all this uncertainty? How does he focus mainly on us when he has a million other things screaming for his attention? How did we become the most important things in his life to him?"
He smiles and nods, taking the bath bomb and dropping it into the bath.
He smiles and relaxes.
He cries out and whines. "Oh god! Please! Please, I need this!"
“Don’t be sorry. It’s amazing.” She moans. “It’s perfect.”
“Just gotta find Turk.”
"Mm.." He hums and sucks on his neck.
Michael grins and gets Jean out but gets zapped by Benny.
“Did you see anything cool?” Carol smiles, handing Nina off to Sky.
“So? You like it.” Kia giggles.
He groans and pushes Sherlock's head down to the bed, changing the angle and fucking him deeper.
John hims softly and peeks an eyes open, having been listening to Greg and Sherlock.
He moans and grinds against her. "Yes.."
He moves back so Sherlock can come in.
“Sure.” Mycroft smiles softly and leads her up to the attic.
They come hard, filling him.
She whines and comes hard around him, starting to feel contractions.
He blushes as the man slips from his mouth, licking his lips. “Yes, sir.” He gasps out, his voice hoarse. “Always ready to service cocks.” He blushes, eyes locked on the man’s cock, wondering how it would feel to be fucked by him.
He whimpers as he watches him. "S-Slow and hard, John. No matter what I say."
Greg crawls up and straddles him. He nuzzles and kisses his neck. "Daddy.." He moans and rocks his hips.
"I-in the bag hanging up on the back of the bathroom door.." He whimpers and bites his lip.
Eli leads them up to their floor to get dressed for the party.
She hums. "Sit on the couch and spread your legs for me."
He groans quietly and rubs his hand between his legs.
“I haven’t slept there since you left.” Sherlock says softly.
Sherlock nods. “I’m sorry. I just... that’s okay.” He says with a soft smile.
Sky pants and giggles.
He chuckles and hums. "Mm, sorry, hard to resist."
"Yes yes. Please, yes." He begs needy.
Crystal hums and leans in, kissing him deeply as she releases his throat. ‘I’m fine.’ She hums in his head.
"We promise. We'll keep you on edge. Always."
“They seem nice. Seems like you like them.” He chuckles.
Sky smiles and heads to the bar.
Michael bites his lip and nods. 'Do you want that?'
“You certainly wouldn’t.” Sherlock smiles.
She moans and arches, wrapping her legs around him.
Michael moans loudly, arching under him. He cries out as he comes hard again. "C-Come for me. Fill me. I n-need it."
John finally pulls of her breast, groaning softly as he leans against her.
He chuckles and smiles
‘You’ve got a lovely cunt.’ He starts to pound into her.
“Probably. Mycroft made it sound like she was really close.”
Sherlock kneels before John. “I’m here. You’re safe. Deep breaths.” He says softly, gently rubbing his hands over John’s arms.
“You’re been a good girl. But I don’t want a good girl. I want one that’s a slut and spoilers her clothes.” John growls as he mouths at the part of her breasts that was uncovered.
"You were perfect, Bee.. I want to watch you fuck him.."
"Mm she's nesting."
Sherlock smiles as he watches Maximus run to his bowl and start eating.
"A-alright.." She blushes happily this time and leans up to kiss her back.
‘Mm. Getting ready to come out?’
He leads her inside, the place full of people, a lot of them turning to look at them.
"I love you, too.." He smiles softly and kisses his head.
Sky smiles and leans against Michael. "George your turn." Sally hums.
He hums happily and kisses him.
Mycroft smirks and reaches out to tickle his ribs.
“Making me do all the work.” She teases.
He smiles softly and kisses his cheek tenderly.
Cecil chuckles and smirks. “Look at you two.”
John looks at him like he just slapped him. He clears his expression and stands, pushing his chair in and leaving the kitchen without another word. He goes into his room and shuts the door quietly.
John frowns. “You don’t think they’ll try and speed things up do you?” He asks, worried their client may be in danger.
He follows Turk and Sky inside.
He smiles and presses his face into Mycroft's chest
Sherlock tries to stifle a groan, only succeeding partially. Mycroft smiles and nods. "Though, I'm sure that you had some personal time with them, yes?"
He moans as he starts to ride him.
He whimpers and bucks up. "I need your cock, Sir!"
He blushes and whines a bit.
“Good slut.” He groans, snapping his hips into her.
He mewls and blushes. “I wouldn’t stop you..”
She blushes and smiles shyly. "Thank you, Daddy.."
Sherlock smiles and looks at her. "How do you do it?"
"Good girl.." He mumbles as he pushes his tongue into her mouth.
"You feel so good inside me. So big. Feels so full." He moans, riding him teasingly.
Sherlock smiles and they go to find the others.
He blushes and smiles. "Hey."
Sherlock moans loudly and comes hard.
Mycroft and Sherlock stay with Greg.
“Can’t move, can you?” She smirks, keeping the pace slow so he can feel every bit of her hot wet tight cunt.
He pulls him close. "You did so well, love.."
John just shrugs. “You care. About me and the things that are important to me.”
"Mm, I've no idea what you mean." He feigns innocence.
Mycroft swallows hard and slowly shakes his head. “No...” he whispered. “N...never.”
“We’ll just see little fishies swimming around in there.” Joann giggles, a little tipsy from the good beer that went perfectly with the fish.
He grips his hips and thrusts in roughly, hitting his prostate.
He smiles and snuggles into him.
Samuel smiles and kisses her.
Greg nods. “Take your time. I’m not going anywhere.”
John nods and stands. “I’m going to go find Crystal then. Speak to her about what’s happening. She might have seen this before, and explain everything to Camille.” He says as he leaves the room.
Morna wakes slowly, kissing Mycroft’s belly.
He cries out as he rock against the vibrator and his cock.
"I love you, too. I love you. So much." She nuzzles him. "It's been years. So so long. Wasted so much time. I'm in control. I do what I want now. I need you. I've always needed you. Because I know. I know you'd never hurt me. I know you love me. I know." She kisses him softly. "Make love to me.. Please.." She whispers against his lips.
“Please!” She begs, dripping around his cock.
Greg gasps softly as they turn the pages and John licks his lips as Mycroft bites his lip.
Sherlock nods and gets into the bath. He gets comfortable and takes the things from John before helping him settle in the bath as well.
“Mm I should take you back to the reception with my cum leaking out of your pretty arse.” John chuckles as he adds a third finger, rocking them deep and slow.
"What if she doesn't see it?"
He blushes and smirks a bit, squirming more.
"I love you, too.."
"That's a wonderful suggestion he's made. You've picked such a lovely man.." She coos happily.
John scoops Rosie up off the floor and smothers her with kisses. She puts up with it for a short while, but then a little hand presses against his lips as she giggles.
A few hours later, just before sunset, all the vendors are set up. “Well done.” Greg says, to Crystal as he releases more come inside her.
John sits down opposite Sherlock and swirls his half empty tea around the cup.
John sighs. “Do we have to get up?” He asks.
He holds the steak in his mouth, following Darius.
Mycroft gasps softly, still sensitive. "O-Oh God.."
“I know but if you get through this then you can have cases and you won’t be bored.” John says softly.
"Christmas came early."
He smirks and leans down to kiss him hard.
He relaxes. "Thank god."
Sky shows him around the estate and inside the mansion. “Anything you could want it’s here.”
He moans and presses his arse back against him.
She blushes softly and nuzzles him back.
He moans and nips at his lip.
"I'm training to be a police officer." He smiles back.
"We were young, Amelia and I, when she died. I don't think Amelia even remembers her." A tear rolls down her cheek. "Sorry." She apologizes and wipes her cheek.
He smiles softly and nods.
“Mm I think you should let Michael Fuck your face while dark takes your arse.” Futz smirks.
"Anything for you, baby.." He kisses him and smiles.
Magdala nuzzles into him, pressing his head to his chest.
He frowns and sighs.
Mycroft frowns and Greg tries to lighten the mood. "D-Did you ever have any fun traditions?"
She comes hard, shaking.
Morna moans and kisses Mycroft back deeply as she rocks against Sherlock.
Sherlock feels his heart clench and he swallows heavily, his eyes burning. “Let’s go see Uncle Mycroft, yeah? We’ll see if he can help Papa..” As much as he doesn’t want to, he leaves and goes back up to the room, hoping Mycroft was still there.
“Good idea.” Sherlock waves down the cab and gets in after Rosie, telling the cabbie the address.
She leans down to kiss him deeply, starting to sink down onto him.
It was accidental. He didn’t want to kill anyone. It was a fight John, accidents happen in a fight. You know that. Plus, you have a full box of other things connecting you to your mother. At least you can keep in touch with your family and not fear for your safety or mental health whenever they’re mentioned. -SH
“That’s right. My greedy little cockslut.” He rubs the tip over her lips as he gets closer, cock throbbing against her lips.
Sherlock blushes and nods, biting his lip. "Mummy, Father, Sky, if you'll excuse us."
“Mm well if he fills me with cum and knocks me up then they’ll be full of milk.” Riley smirks and sinks down into his cock.
“I felt threatened Crystal. Learn the difference.” Camille says, ending the conversation.
“God, you take cock so well. I think we should get something for your cock, hm? I want to see your fuck your brother.”
He blushes and mewls.
He blushes brighter. "I.. Do you mean besides your obvious good looks?"
He rocks it deep and slow.
John smiles and nods. “Alright, good.”
He moans breathily. "God, if only Bryan could see you. See how well you take cock."
He nods and does as he's told.
Collin waves and smiles as he wraps an arm around Sherlock's waist.
"Yeah? That's good." He's still blushing, but he smiles.
"Mm, I think it is your fault. You've been hiding how eager you are to submit, haven't you?"
Sky smiles and leads Peter into the garden.
He gasps and arches between them. “Fuck, yes!”
Anthea nods and picks her up, carrying her to her bedroom.
He smiles softly and kisses his head.
John's eyes narrow as he watches them.
He follows her up, wagging his tail as he smells his family and the pups.
He whimpers and grinds against him. "John.. Here. In your chair.."
He smiles. "I love it. It's perfect."
“Oh sweetie don’t even worry about it. You did much better than I hoped. The first time I did it the egg exploded when I just looked at it.” Margaret laughs and cleans up. “Try again. Come on.”
"I want you to fuck me." He whimpers needy.
"George said she's handled it before. My mum was also suspicious."
He spreads his legs. "Yes."
He whimpers and spreads his legs wide. He turns his head to look at Sherlock and bites his lip.
John hums. "It's been.. hectic. I love it though."
"Finally!" Sherlock smirks. "I wasn't going to let you ignore me."
“No harm will come to him. They murder the parent, not the child. They’re keeping the children.”
"Let me give you a massage, hm?"
"Of course, Sherl."
He smirks and groans as he thrusts harder, getting close. "Such a demanding slut for us.."
"It was great." Sherlock smiles. "A lot of fun." Greg nods.
"And did you get a say in that or were you forced to take lessons because your parents thought it would be a good idea?" John asks as they turn down a path towards the row of little shops.
"Of course, Crofty.. I'm sorry I worried you.." She kisses his forehead.
Morna nuzzles John. “It’s alright. I knew it was gonna happen anyway.” She sighs.
She hums and looks around. “What’s that?” She points to a pool table.
John blushes and looks at Greg who chuckles. "John wants me to dominate him, to fuck him, to take him apart piece by delicious piece.." Greg hums and sips his coffee.
George breathes heavily, eyes closed.
He spreads his cheeks and leans in to tease his hole.
John smiles and offers his arms out to Lydia to hug her. “If you need to leave then do so. We won’t mind.”
Turk snorts a bit in amusement, looking to Fitz.
“Oh Leo.” Crystal moans happily.
Mycroft sighs in relief and squeezes his hand lightly.
"Yea! Give it to me!" She moans loudly.
He blushes and nods. “Is there anything else I can get for you?”
“Such a good girl..”
John nods. “I live with Sherlock. Most people think I’m insane already so no thing new there. I really wish I could say that this is surprising but it’s not. Out of the ordinary just seems to be Sherlock’s whole persona so.” He shrugs.
He moans and rocks his hips. He holds Sherlock by his hair and watch his cock slide in and out of his mouth. "You're so amazing.. Those perfect lips around my cock.. Oh fuck.."
“Mm.. bath?”
He moans as he comes hard into her.
“You should go say hi.” Sky smirks.
Jean sighs contently and his eyes slip closed.
She cuddles into him, pressing kisses to his chest.
She blushes and smiles softly.
Sherlock's in his room, staring at the ceiling, stoned out of his mind. He mumbles incoherently when he hears John's voice. He swallows thickly, his head lulling to the side to look at the door.
"That's right. All mine."
“You pick, Daddy. Want you to decide for me.” She whimpers, taking everything he gives her.
Sherlock smiles, and tries not to blush as more Gods stroke his stomach. “How much further until there’s food? I’m hungry.” He asks, leaning into John.
She moans breathily and arches.
“So long as the powder keg kills them.” Greg shrugs. “I can’t prosecute them but I can get retribution for what happened.”
John moans and holds Margaret’s hips tightly. “That’s it Maggie. Take your time, we have all day.” He says softly.
He moans loudly and rides him hard.
George’s eyes widen, spurting a bit of cum into Chloe’s mouth but not coming all the way.
“Of course.” Taylol smirks. “How about I take you to meet some friends?”
He nods, setting his glass down. "Thank you, George." He hums as he stands.
"Ah! Please!"
"You need sleep.." He smiles softly and rubs his back.
Mycroft groans and sucks on his tongue.
Irene hands the clothes to the man and tells him to go check out. “Hungry?” She asks Sabine.
He strokes him through his orgasm, whispering praise against his neck.
Maggie moans, her heavy belly and breasts pulling. “Oh yes yes please.” She begs, her cunt throbbing. She’d lost count of how many loads she’s taken let alone how many people have fucked her. Her mind starts to slip, all she can think about is how good cock feels and how many babies she’s going to have.
He moans whorishily, arching. "Yes! Please!"
Joann slowly calms down, holding onto him tightly. “Our pups are all grown up. Having their own pups..”
Sherlock smiles and nuzzles John happily.
"Don't worry, dear. I won't be gone long. I know how you strop about if you don't have me around." She smiles motherly at him. John smiles at the exchange.
“I’ll go around covered in your slick. I’ll wear it like a badge of honour.” Sherlock shrugs, seemingly unbothered.
"Good boy." He smiles softly.
Sky picks Nina up and sits her on her hip so she can see the babies in their bassinet.
She nods.
Mike feels his pockets. “Sorry. Left it in my coat.”
They get a table.
The run around him, swatting at the toy.
John moans and cum deep inside Morna, he cries out her name as his cock throbs deep inside her filling her with his cum. He groans as his orgasm elongates as he watches her stomach round out with the amount of seed inside her. Amount of his seed. “Let’s see you fuck Mycroft now.” He groans, knowing she would have a hard time standing by herself.
Jennifer tries to stay relaxed, letting her in.
John smiles and blushes. "Mm good.."
He hums, leaning in to press a light, teasing kiss to his lip.
He smiles and watches him eat.
We may have also found a puppy but I’m not sure yet. I’ll let you know more when I have more information.
Sherlock starts to drift off to sleep.
'But you're strong. You can fight him. Think right back at him.'
"Thank you, Paul. Continue observing and reporting." Sebastian hums and hangs up.
“Greg? Really, Mycroft?” John smirks. “Yeah yeah, alright. I’ll meet you at the store.” He pulls Sherlock in for a deep long filthy kiss just to piss Mycroft off before he gets into the car.
"Make yourself at home." James smiles.
He bites his lip and nods, hiding his face in Greg's chest. "Thank you.."
John groans and leans down to kiss him.
Sherlock whines softly around the o ring and his cock locked in its cage still.
"Huh. I don't think I've ever seen this kitchen empty." She hums and smiles.
"Look at you. So gorgeous."
"R-Really?"
She sighs and starts ignoring him.
He groans and kisses her back deeply.
“Mm the main hall first.” Shelrock takes Mycroft’s hand.
John tenses as they haze fills him, trying to pull away.
She smiles happily. “He’s beautiful..”
Greg sighs and runs a hand through his hair. "I know you're upset over Anderson, but honestly you could do so much better. I don't understand why you keep going back to him. He's got to straighten up with his wife soon, they're expecting a baby. Well, she is. He doesn't know yet. I know it's not your fault, just letting you know." He blurts everything out, tired of having to deal with Anderson's stupidity.
"Come with me, yeah?" He asks as the car pulls up.
He nuzzles her back happily.
She hums happily and relaxes against him as the pups feed.
She hums happily and wraps around him, deepening the kiss.
"Mm. All mine." He continues thrusting as he comes hard into her.
"Listen to you, begging for my cock, begging for me to fuck you." He growls, gripping her hips as he pounds into her. "Such a dirty whore for me. I can feel you pulsing around me. Come as much as you want. I'm not stopping until I fill you up so much that you'll be oozing my cum with each step."
Zack frowns a bit. 'Hold on.' He mouths to Chloe. He rubs Sky's shoulder. 'Kid, you okay?'
She frowns and bites her lip. "I don't know.. I told him about it a few days ago to let him know I was going to have it done and he said he'd come along. It's not like a made him promise to go. He was tired from being with John." She shrugged.
“Sherlock,” he finally said. “I really appreciate you helping like this. You know how useless my own family is. But I don’t want to be a burden either, okay? I promise I’ll be fine before you know it. I’ll be useful again.” He gave Sherlock a tight smile.
"First, I'm going to eat you out until you squirt. Then you're going to finger yourself until you do."
He blushes and nods.
He blushes, looking down. "N-No.. I just.. I usually keep my shirt on.."
He gasps and presses his head against John's shoulder. "J-John.. I.. I w-want you to..."
"Good girl.."
Sherlock huffs, agitation curling in his gut.
"Sherlock is asking for you, Mikey." John hums and Collin rubs Mycroft's back.
He wraps Mycroft's legs around his waist and pushes into him. "Fuck. You're so hot and slick inside." He moans loudly.
She relaxes in his arms as she’s carried.
He smiles and kisses each of Johns knuckles, moaning softly as he leans forward and the plug inside him shifts.
He hums. "Still want more?"
“You always get so wet for me.”
"Eat me out." She takes her hand away and spreads her legs for him.
Greg smiles. "Can't wait."
“I would never trap his child. I could never let any hurt come to his child. I will personally deal with what happened to you.” Camille nods, willing herself not to cry.
"Best Christmas I've ever had."
"A-anything. Anything you want, Sir. I just want to be your good boy." He whimpers.
He blushes brighter and shakes his head. “No, I like them..”
"Close?" He smirks.
He blushes and moans, nipping at her lip.
Mycroft smiles and pulls away to pour the coffee.
“Mummy’s tummy.” Lydia nods.
He smiles and kisses him. **Gregory, where are you two? --MH**
“I... I don’t know.” Sherlock says softly. “I want pups with you. I do. I just,” He sighs. “I don’t think I’d be any good at it..”
Pythia smiles softly. “Thank you, John.” She squeezes his hand. “Let’s go eat before it’s cold.”
Crystal just shrugs, not really caring much if she lives or dies at the moment. “Calcified ox spine. You need calcified ox spine. And sage. And some water from dragons breath cave. I’ll be right back.” Magdala rattles off and goes to the supply room off the library.
Sherlock finishes preparing for his first solo day and goes to bed, trying to sleep.
George smirks, leading Sherlock and Violet to the loo.
He blushes. "I like him.."
"Thanks. Coco's pretty." Danny giggles and drives away as Chloe laughs.
‘Hello.’ He nods.
Jean is already buzzed and has no idea that Sky isn't near him. He hums as he presses closer.
She moans and comes hard, filling him.
"Missed you too. So much."
"Yes, Sir. Sorry, Sir." Sherlock whimpers and kisses the head of John's cock. Mycroft sucks on John's jaw. Greg starts to pant.
"So good, John.." He groans against him, keeping his thrusts slow.
‘Your actions have been completely contradictory to what you've said. You helped Michael calm down. You have my back on missions. You're helping me right now.' She blushes as she rests her hand on top of his on her belly.
“Mmhmm. I love the feeling of a nice huge load. You probably guess.” She laughs and rubs her cum filled belly. “They love it too. Makes them feel like they’re coating every bit of your insides with cum. It’s great. I have to wear a plug just to keep it all in. Then again I have 50 plus loads inside me right now so.” She shrugs.
He slaps his arse and pushes into him hard and deep. He doesn't give Mycroft any time before he starts thrusting hard into him over and over. He grips his hips and bites his back as he pounds into him mercilessly.
'I can't... I can't stop him...' She sounds like she's sobbing somewhere in Michael's head as she presses closer to him.
"Gorgeous."
He purrs and kisses his chest.
He mewls softly and gives him little small kisses back.
"Damn it." John rubs his hands over his face. He's been so lonely these past few months but he'd been surviving under the assumption that they were better off. Now Sherlocks gone and thrown him a curve ball so big he can't seem to get a handle on it. Part of him is angry that he ran off in the first place without having this conversation or at least trying to fix things. But he'd been so blinded by everything Sherlock had told him in the past about the work being the only thing that was important that he never imagined for one second Sherlock would give it up. "Teaching will drive you mental." He comments with a bit of a chuckle. It's ludicrous to imagine Sherlock having the patience to deal with those idiots at all.
He smiles and hums happily.
Sherlock blushes and licks his lips as Steve comes closer.
“Good.” He smiles softly and cuddles him.
“Mm, I’ll get them.”
She nods and smiles softly.
His eyes widen and he frowns.
He gasps and moans. "Yes, please. Please."
He smirks and pulls a bit harder. "How long have you wanted this?"
Mycroft smirks. "Mm, my baby girl wants you to fuck a baby into her. I think you should fuck her in the hot tub."
Michael smiles as Jake lets him out.
"Mm I want to fuck you as you fuck Sky." Jean nips and bites at his neck as he grinds against him.
"You know that, right? Greg loves you with everything that he is, with everything that he has."
"The anti serum isn't specific enough." Lydia growls and holds Sherlock down. "Hold him down before he hurts himself!" She barks at John.
“Oh yes. She’s very talented. She also likes hugs. Don’t be scared if you wake up and she’s laying in bed with you. She does that when she bored.” Margaret smiles.
He blushes and whimpers as he watches.
"God, you are beautiful." John kisses up his neck, taking in Sherlock's scent, that has become so familiar over the years, but is much more intense now.
She hums happily and  nuzzles him.
Greg purrs happily and kisses him.
"Fine." Viper gets up from Sky lap. "Come with me." She holds out her hand to Sky and Sky shakes her head.
"Suck Master's cock while John and James fuck you."
Irene smiles softly and nods. “How about a trial period? A few days to see what you like and then we can talk about more.”
“I usually do.” Sherlock grins, sending a text before going to the kitchen to flip on the kettle.
Kia crawls over to him and kisses him happily.
Mycroft turns pink again, and it isn't from the heated water. "Let's go back to our room." He suggests. "You can show me how you'll take responsibility."
"Excellent choice! I think we should make ginger snaps, chocolate chip, and another one. What should we make for the third?" Greg asks as he starts gathering ingredients they need.
"You hear that, boys? This little slut needs to be used."
He growls and pounds into her, fucking himself hard against Cecil's cock.
She moves without breaking the kiss and straddles his lap.
“If you want. The building is just up the block.” She nods and starts walking.
‘You’ll need to be broken in. Slowly.’ He pushes into her.
Morna cries out and comes hard, squeezing around him.
Sherlock snorted. “I’ll be happy with anything. I could use some microscope slides.”
He gasps and moans breathily, rocking with her. "Yes.. God yes.. I want to be inside your hot cunt.. Please.."
He smiles and nuzzles him.
He hums and tips his head back. ‘Sure. I’d love to.’
"I-I love you, My.. I-I love every part of you with every part of me.."
He looks up at him and takes him down his throat.
"Entice away, love.." he murmurs, looking up at Greg's dazed face. "Shall we?"
He kisses his head and smiles softly.
He kisses him softly and takes the cock ring off him.
“Go ahead, then. Open your pretty mouth when you’re ready.”
She smirks and stands. She gets ear plugs, an eye mask, ties for his wrists, and a ball gag.
Mycroft sighs softly and goes back to eating.
“Of course, baby. How about I plug you first?” He rubs Sherlock’s bloated cum filled belly gently.
“When Sky gets back we’ll work it out. You should be getting to the estate. Both of you.” He looks to James.
“Yeah, that’ll be best.”
He relaxes, mewling softly.
Sherlock smiled.
“Well at least this will distract him from planning a wedding for us.” John snorts.
"Perfect.. Absolute perfection.." She whimpers and slowly rocks against him.
He smirks. "Mm, strip for me, baby."
"No, I'm pretty much an open book."
He goes to sit, bringing the scotch with him.
Sherlock nuzzled him.
“I think he might know. Sherlock told me John was talking to him about open poly relationships when they were on their way to the castle. I have a feeling it was about me.” Margaret hums.
She nips at his lips and squeezes the ass, moving the plug inside him.
“He’s got me working some cold cases.”
"So do I. I'll walk you out." John smiles and pockets his keys.
George and Cecil kiss his neck and back.
"Mm, brilliant.."
John shakes his head, smiling. "I'm all right. Let's just go." He murmured softly.
Mycroft pouts slightly. "I don't get 'drunk'." His words are slurred.
"I love you too, Papa." She replies with a small smile, "I'll see you on Thursday."
“Really?” Greg sounds shocked. “Well i guess this would have been easier than carrying a lighter around.” He chuckles nervously. “So what does that mean exactly?” He asks Magdala.
"Of course." She winks a bit and smiles. "Let's get back to finish dinner."
Morna mewls and pants.
It's a rather touching sentiment in John's opinion. Sherlock Holmes dropped everything for his daughter but then she was his daughter too. They may not have signed any legal paperwork but Sherlock was as much a part of Rosie's life as John and she considered him her other dad. Which made the break up about as messy as it could possibly be.
She whimpers and grinds against her. "Yes, mistress.. please."
‘Please. Please.’ He begs, making dog-like whining sounds.
He whimpers and grinds against his hand, holding onto his shoulders. "Christ, yes.." He blushes. "You all can use me.. I.. You should see me with two cocks up my arse.."
He blushes and nods.
He blushes and nods.
She cries out as he pushes past her cervix.
“Please please please.” She begs.
“You do think of everything.” He chuckles. “She’s such a good little breeding slut.”
“We’ll get you some pain meds and maybe something to eat? We can look at the hospital menu or I can have takeaway brought in?” Anthea asks, she had already had sandwiches, doughnuts, and coffees brought in for all the nurses on the floor so they were all falling over themselves to take care of Molly.
************************************************************************************************************************
He smiles and pets her head.
Sherlock moans loudly as John pushes into him, arching his back. “Ohh! John, please!”
"That's more like it." He smirks satisfied. "Roll over on your hands and knees. Put that breathtaking arse in the air for me.."
*Do either of you need medical attention?-Ant*
She nods and smiles.
“Oh I do. Such a naughty girl.” John smirks. He pick her up and lays her over Sherlock, rocking against her as he kisses her.
‘Alright. I’m surprised you can think with my scent this strong.’
Sherlock rests his head on Mycroft's chest.
Sky groans softly as she opens the back door.
“You better be ready to catch when you pull out.” Sky huffs a laugh, moaning. “You’ll be able to push them in and out of me. Filling and emptying my womb over and over.”
“And that makes me happy.” Sky kisses her back sweetly, the baby monitor picking up her babies crying.
She sucks on his tongue and pulls him on top of her, moaning as he rubs his cock against her soaked cunt.
He smiles and relaxes again.
He gags and moans as he's filled.
He feels exhausted and nods.
He kisses his neck and chest.
He mutters softly as he falls asleep
"Have fun."
“Can’t promise I’ll return your panties if I find them.” He smirks.
Sherlock nods. “That sounds great. But... I want it to be special. Like put her on a pedistal or something. You know, show her off to everyone around.” He says softly. “I don’t know if there’s any special toys you know of.”
"Oh yes.." He groans as he feels his tongue, knowing Mycroft is going to have a talented mouth.
"Just look at you." He whimpers, falling to his knees and kissing his hips.
Sherlock nuzzles against him, too far into subspace to think about much.
He chuckles as he relaxes.
By the time Sky is finished, her coat is clean.
He closes his eyes. "Can we relax?"
Mycroft let out a breath. "I would like that. Very much." He murmured. Anthea is really the only one who knows I still have attacks, every now and again... Sherlock might suspect, but he hasn't mentioned anything and I'd like to keep it that way." He looked up at Greg.
He lifts her up a bit so he can push into her, moaning.
Michael smiles happily.
He gasps and whimpers, arching into his kisses.
Violet blushes and nods. “We’ve got one rule here. No contraception of any kind. If you got a womb you leave here pregnant and if you have balls you leave here with them drained.” Steve chuckles.
"Love.."
Sherlock blushes and let’s Mycroft take the lead.
"Love you."
Jean moans as Michael pulls his hair. He straddles him and mewls as he slowly sinks down onto his cock
“Need something, baby?” He smirks, tugging on the plug.
She hums happily and relaxes.
"Daddy!" He cries out, bucking his hips.
"Yours." He moans and bucks up against him.
“What did you do with yourself today?” he asks, trying to pitch it as casually as possible.
He smiles and closes his eyes.
"All...right." he nods.
He smiles softly and gets up, going to the bathroom.
John blinked. "I'm broken because of war experience." He muttered after a long moment. "What happened to you, Sherlock?" He was genuinely curious.
“Well that’s awfully nice of him.” Calvin smiles.
He kisses him back happily.
Eli kisses his hand and grins, leading them down to the garage after kissing Veronica goodbye.
"Mm." He smiles and kisses him back.
He chuckles softly. 'He'll get confused because I'll call him Robbie.'
"Mm, I know." He blushes and tips his head back.
'You're hungover.' She hums quieter as she meditates on the back porch.
Mycroft opens his eyes again. "What did you do to Anderson?"
He blushes and gasps softly.
She mewls, getting close.
She relaxes into his hold and smiles softly.
"Apparently the company have this big movie they want me to produce but they won't tell me what it is yet." Douglas hums.
She hums and gets up off his lap.
“Yes it is. It’s my fault. He was trying to call me. And I didn’t answer. The one time I don’t fucking answer. Fuck!” Greg snaps and goes out to the garage.
They soon get to the estate entrance.
He nods. "Never have I ever called someone 'Daddy' in the bedroom." He smirks and drinks.
“Mm three so far I think. How many more do you want?”
“Thank you Dorro. I am sorry that he’s like that with you.” Sherlock says, sitting up and opening his arms. “What would I be the God of?” He asks.
Sherlock goes through the box. “Garbage.” He grumbles.
He frowns and shakes his head.
She slips two fingers into her as she sucks her clit.
John smiles. "You two will make wonderful parents." He signs.
"Yours. Your slut. All fucking yours!" She holds onto him tightly, legs wrapped around him as she tilts her hips to take his cock even deeper. "Daddy's cock always feels so good. So big. Making my pussy so full. So wet. I can't live without Daddy's cock filling me. Making me whole."
As the three of them settled down at the table, John wrapped his hands around a cup of decaf tea and picked at a scone.
He blushes and smiles.
She goes and puts a robe on, coming back with drinks.
“You said that to Papa too. He believed you too.” Rosie whispers.
Leaning his head under the spray of water he washes the shampoo from his hair then says, "What about normal heats... they're roughly every three months, though my body might be a bit out of sync. Do you want me to have them, or should I take suppressants again after we bond?"
"Brilliantly. You?"
He mewls, opening his mouth for him.
**I know it will.--MH**
Zack kisses him softly and starts to rock his hips.
Turk thrusts harder into her, close to coming.
She takes him all the way in and swallows around him before pulling off. She crawls into his lap and rubs her dripping wet pussy against his hard cock teasingly.
“There you go being socially conscious again.” Sherlock teases and smiles.
“Let’s add some more, shall we?” He pushes into her cunt with a hard thrust.
"I'd never give up on you, dear. I love you too much for that."
Crystal smirks and slowly takes him into her mouth.
John holds Sherlock close, kissing his forehead as he watches Margaret.
Greg sighed, “We’ll check 221B once more…and then we really have to go.” He said, getting into the driver's seat.
He looks up and relaxes his threat so Sherlock can fuck his face.
“All I care about is the present and the preservation of the human kind. I’m sure that in the past, what happened at Alderose’s wasn’t fixed with flowers. The rules have become lax since Camille died, and now she’s trying to pull them back together, things like her,” Greg points at Crystal, “are objecting.”
John watches him circle. Desire flooded his gut.
She blushes brightly and pulls him up for a kiss. "You feel so fucking good inside me." She whimpers.
Mycroft smiles and sets him down. "Fiancé." He corrects.
She moans and arches. She grips his hair and wraps her legs around his head.
He blushes and gets up, stripping for him.
Sky smiles and kisses him before wiggling out of his arms to go get breakfast.
“Nina, you’ll be on my team, alright?”
“I love you too.” John smiles.
Colin hums quietly as he falls asleep.
John groans. “If you keep that up, I’m going to be coming right up here.”
Collin hums and rubs his thumb over his knuckles. Lydia comes in and smiles. "Everything is looking much better. Just a bit longer and we'll discharge you." She smiles at Sherlock.
He blushes. "I.. I liked that I could still be submissive even though I was on top.. I liked both.."
He pushes into him with a groan.
John smiles and closes his eyes, letting himself relax into Sherlock’s side. “You’re beautiful.” He whispers.
“Yeah! This is the best day ever.”
“No. We have to be careful how we time things. We can’t make it obvious that we know there’s a bigger picture going on.” Joann shakes her head.
She nods and smiles, yawning.
He smiles and kisses her back.
He blushes brightly, leaning up to kiss him softly.
Greg holds Mycroft’s head and kisses him.
I think there's a fault in my code,
Camille sees through Mycroft. She races forward, faster than John can see and pins Mycroft to the wall. “How dare you lie to me. You are hiding something from me. I see it in your face. You always have tried to hide your thoughts from me, behind that unfazing gaze but I know the truth. I am your sire. I know you better than you know yourself.” She spits.
She mewls and sways her hips enticingly.
Chloe slowly gets off his face.
"Ah!" He cries out and arches.
"Now we get to have our very own whore house because of you." He kisses his neck. "Absolutely brilliant."
She moans loudly and arches, gushing around his cock. The man groans and hits George’s prostate over and over as he thrusts.
She hums and nods. “Wanna cuddle and make out for a bit?” She half teases.
"Yes! Christ, you both are causing yourselves unnecessary stress by misunderstanding the situation. Go talk to him, please, before he decides to lock himself in that damn room."
“Please.” They nods enthusiastically.
Mycroft frowns and spends the rest of the walk worrying about Greg.
"Mycroft Holmes. I'm calling on the subject of a Gregory Lestrade."
He rubs her thighs gently and kisses her clit softly, barely touching it.
"That you find me charming and handsome."
In some sad way I already know
“Satyridae.” Danny grins excitedly.
“Of course, baby.” She smiles and kisses him softly.
"You look brilliant." He moans, starting to fuck his face.
He groans and strokes himself. "God yes, come here. Come take my cum."
He moans around him and licks the underside of his cock as he looks up at him. He slowly pulls back to the head before quickly pushing his head back down until his mouth is around the base of Collin’s cock.
He smirks against him. "Good boy.."
He rocks back against his hands, whimpers softly.
“Christ..”
John rubs himself over his tight jeans, groaning at the friction.
"I'm happy though. Really really happy.." She hums softly, smiling gently.
Mycroft groans. "Deliver a baby?"
"Yes she will." Sky giggles.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clark holds his head and pushes into his mouth.
“Please.. want it so bad. Want you to fill me.”
Nina giggles quietly and pets Brittle. “This is already way more fun than when Sky and I used to play.” She whispers.
"Alright. Sky scared the hell out of us earlier." He sighs a bit and looks down at Sky sleeping on one of his shoulders and Michael sleeping on the other.
He kisses his chest again.
He finally presses into her, groaning.
Turk hums. “Better get someone else inside.”
Sherlock whimpers and rocks his hips between them.
She whimpers softly, feeling her belly bloated by all his cum.
Greg sleeps for a while. "My.." He mumbles and holds Mycroft tighter still sleeping.
He groans and moans breathily.
He moans breathily. "I'll fuck your wet cunt as many times as I can. Fill you with my cum every day."
He kisses his head and holds him close.
Michael and Benny soon come back, smirking as everyone else is there.
"You're welcome." She smiles and kisses the back of his head.
I'll keep you in my arms tonight.." He kisses him softly when he finishes.
Greg gasps. "Please please please please.." He whimpers. He's so close.
“Cunt. Haven’t had a proper cunt in years.” Chris groans.
“We’ll see.” Sherlock smiles, happy to see her so happy.
Eli gets into bed beside them, sandwiching Michael between them.
He slowly pulls out of him.
"I know he's your husband. I'm sorry I took up so much of his time from you.."
Mycroft smirks. He drags his finger tips from Greg's sensitive arse up his spine. He pets Greg's head. "You filthy thing you. You're moaning like the cum slut you are.. Writhing on the floor in a puddle of your own pre cum..." Mycroft purrs. "Oh Christ.." Greg cries and snaps his hips.
She smiles against his lips and kisses him back. 'I love you. So much.'
"Can you blame me?" Hank asks, his hands carding through Joann's hair. "If I remember correctly, you were always grabbing my arse."
"Thank you, love." Greg blushes slightly.
Mycroft frowns deeply and goes to the basement.
Sherlock bites his lip, still shaking slightly. "Thank you.."
He licks at John's lips, bucking against his leg.
"Gonna fuck more babies into you. You're not nearly full enough." He growls, thrusting harder.
"Mikey.." John mewls as Greg kisses Mycroft deeply.
"Yes, Daddy." He blushes and smiles, handing him it.
"How're you feeling?"
He hums and smiles softly.
“Missed you more.” He continues to kiss her neck, keeping them slow.
"What changed today?"
Mycroft sighs. "I know... but I want you to be your best, so maybe that whole desk duty malarkey doesn't occur. I know you hate being stuck behind a desk while everyone is out capturing the criminal." Mycroft smiles softly, as he types an order to Richardson.
Michael stiffens further when he hears her. "Let me get her."
He smiles a bit, leaning into her touch.
*10 minutes. The tiles give after each prayer. They must have some kind of time sensitive pressure lock.* John tap back and goes to pray at the final station.
“Maybe you should just go around the house begging people to piss on you.” He smirks, hitting his prostate.
He whimpers and mewls, nodding.
He pulls out his fingers and slicks his cock.
Violet arches and comes hard.
He whimpers and moans breathily. "Mikey.. you're gonna fucking love this."
He hums and washes the rest of him.
A few people come in to speak with Mycroft a few times.
“Come, baby. Fill mummy up.” Cecil groans and hits Sherlock’s prostate.
Greg falls asleep against him.
He blushes and nods.
She fucks him deep and picks up the pace, rubbing his prostate like he like. She wraps her hand around his cock and strokes him with the thrusts.
Ms. Cheyenne smirks as he son finally comes in. “Nice Of you to finally join us, Clark.”
He frowns. "And Sherl? Wh' about him?"
She whimpers softly, pressing against him.
He groans and drops to his knees, leaning in to lick her face clean.
Sherlock smiles softly. “How are you feeling, dear? You still look a little pale.” He whispers.
“Mm yes. It’s encouraged.” David smirks.
She smirks and sucks marks into his neck. “Mm how many babies do you think have been pumped into me so far?”
All of the boys take a sip.
"Mmm, a bit more life-altering than uni," John comments as he watches their youngest son read over the single sheet of paper inside.
"Are you alright, love? Did I hurt you?" John rubs his back.
"Where are you off to, love?"
Sherlock hums and nods. “Need more data.”
"I prefer the bath to shower...I like to play my violin...I need something to keep my mind busy." Sherlock answered.
"Right, let me pick that... cluster fuck apart. Sit down, will you? You're stressing me out with your pacing." Pinching the bridge of his nose John held up the index finger of his other hand.
“Uncle Sherlock sent it to me. It was very nice. How did you know to draw it? Grandpa said you said you’d never been to those places.”
"Mhm..." John grins, stroking a hand through Sherlock's hair. He grins cheekily and ducks down again, taking Sherlock down his throat slowly, pausing to allow his gag reflex to pass.
"Please.." He whimpers a few moments later and spreads his legs for Sherlock.
“Daddy’s gonna take care of you, okay? Daddy’s needy boy.”
He kisses him back needy, moving into his lap to straddle him.
“You feel so good..” he growls a bit, biting his neck.
Zack steps back to let Dark and Darius in.
"Lead the way then." He smirks.
He holds his hips and fucks him harder.
'Well you're kicking it's ass right back. Remember you promised to shave my head.' She smiles.
Carol smiles happily and holds him as they get to the elephants.
“Rest then, my love. I can’t leave until Magdala wakes, I am here to look out for you both.” Mycroft says softly.
He blushes and keeps making noise because he knows how much John loves it.
“Have you been to a show like this before?”
“Well, I..” Joann shrugged. “I was always most interested in obstetrics and specific omega care. It’s just so lacking in every way besides methods of getting an omega pregnant. There’s no care or support. I’d like to do that. To care and support omegas.”
John sits up, dislodging Sherlock. He looks across the room to the man. In a cold voice, he simply asks "Who?"
Sherlock chuckled and trailed along behind him. "Yes, well, indeed."
A few other men smirk and push into her.
"Neither could I.."
He smiles and kisses his cheek.
Sherlock sipped his tea.
“It’s not that I don’t trust you. I worry about you. I want you to be safe. I worry about everyone, you know this. You’ve been in my head.”
“Tea, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asks as a diversion.
He smiles and kisses him.
"Knot me!" Anthea shouts, arching her back off the bed as she tried to push down harder on Mycroft.
"Takeaway?" John asks, not even bothering to fight Sherlock for use of the kitchen. Not when he looks so much like a child on Christmas morning.
He gasps and moans as he rides out his orgasm.
He chuckles and blushes.
She nods and leads him to the ICU.
He'd been too busy sorting to stop and read much, but having a system created would make life easier for both of them.
He blushes and smiles.
He blushes and smiles, leaning up to kiss him. "Y-You're okay with that?"
“Of course.” He nods, knowing she needed to talk to her dad about something.
"Pretty much." Sherlock answered. He reached the granddaughter. "Hello Miss. I...would you care for a dance?" Sherlock asked.
"Yes, he's home. He's staying here. I want to come in and speak to this man."
“Good job!”
He gasps and mewls at the praise. "Sir.."
He relaxes again, making soft mewling sounds.
“Fuck yes, My.” Greg pants, his cock leaking.
Greg's eyes are dropping closed as he snuggles with Sherlock. "He must be tired poor thing.." John hums.
Mycroft glances at her briefly before returning his attention to the doctor.
He moans at the praise and starts to ride him harder.
Michael whimpers softly, a bit exhausted.
“Anything for you.” Sherlock kisses his head.
He smiles happily.
“That’s probably your least self destructive behavior as of yet.” John laughs. “Have you decided on a toy?”
Jake soon parks at a restaurant.
Sherlock searches around the room for a good hiding spot. He can’t use any of his old stashing places, John knew about those. Maybe he can hide it in Mrs. Hudson’s? “Fine! Just fine!” He calls out, as he opens the door, his hand still in his pocket.
"Mm you should hook me up to the pumps and fuck me, Daddy. I'll be your little breeding cow."
Sherlock smiles, “if you’re sure I won’t look like a round balloon.” He says softly.
“Like that?” Mycroft chuckles, rocking the fleshlight up and down his cock.
Mycroft works his hand, knowing exactly how she likes it.
“She won’t force you to stay.” John nods.
"Really really." He smiles and kisses him.
He smiles shyly and nods.
“Sherlock.” John says, giving Morna’s other hand to Sherlock and kneels between her legs. He lifts her hips up and lays out a few towels. “Okay Morna. Well you feel like pushing, you need to push. You can do this.”
Sherlock bites his lip. "D-Do you think you can help?"
Mycroft laughs quietly and cuddles Greg close, kissing him deeply.
"I'm sorry. I overreacted. Your thoughts are private and I apologize for invading your privacy." Sky says to Amelia.
They all snuggle together in bed.
Caroline goes to get the tea tray.
"And what if I don't want to go back out there and sit?"
"Yes."
Chloe hums softly as she cuddles into Zack.
He chuckles and kisses him softly. "Up."
He relaxes and nuzzles against him.
Sherlock nods. “Sex is usually reserved for people I feed from, and I don’t like feeding from people unless they’ve proven I can trust them.”
He whimpers and lets his eyes slip closed, rocking against her. "Yes.. I, Christ.. I love it.."
He smiles shyly and nods, taking the menu. “And you, sir?” He asks Mycroft.
"Mm they must be busy." Greg hums and nuzzles John.
She runs her fingers through his hair.
They fuck him faster, making water slosh out of the pool. They stroke him faster and rub his clit in time with their thrusts.
Sabine nods. "I don't want to go to the hospital..." She whispers.
John hums as he carries Margaret to the kitchen. “Did you say other ghosts live here? Can I meet them?” He asks.
He relaxes into him.
"You, Sir. Please, Sir." John blushes.
He nods and rocks his hips a bit. "Want you to use me.." He blushes.
"Mm good. Very good."
He nods and hums, leading both of them to a bedroom.
He moans into the kiss. "Please! Harder!"
Sky puts the scotch away and goes to sit with him.
“I’m here. I’ve got you.” He holds him, rocking slowly.
"So do I. John will and if Sherlock has any complaints John will convince him if necessary."
"Ever? That's a strange question.. Ah.. My mother used to make this soup when I was sick. It wasn't anything special but it always tasted amazing."
You could say I lost my sense of direction
He blushes. “Can you put a plug in me? One of the fun ones with the vibrator?”
Collin bites and marks Mycroft's back bruising his pale skin nicely. "Fuck you feel so fucking good." He moans and fucks him harder.
Zack holds him close and rubs his back. "That's not what I meant." Veronica frowns. "If you didn't mean it why'd you say it? I'm really starting to get tired of people saying what they don't mean instead of saying how they feel. Because I can feel it. Every feeling. Every emotion. Every hope. Every wish. So I'm sorry if I use my phone to much but it's a coping mechanism for me. If I can work everything doesn't seem so loud all the time." Sky sighs and locks her phone before putting it away.
“Yes. Very pregnant.” Leona smiles.
“You helped her get this big?” He asks quietly, his cock throbbing in his trousers.
He smiles softly and kisses him.
He hums and smiles.
Sherlock blushes when he feels John hold him by his waist. "I.."
“Not my fault.” She blushes brightly. “I just needed it so bad. It’s only getting more desperate. There’s at least four ready for tomorrow.” She mewls, getting wet just thinking about it.
I woke up in tears
Sherlock wraps his arm around John and holds him close, nuzzling his hair. “Sometimes it surprises me how different we grew up.”
He whimpers as he starts to piss, blushing brightly.
"A lot actually. I was pulled out a few months after you left. Did quite a few secret missions for her majesty. Some freelance work. Then finally with Sky for some missions." Turk hums. "How about you?" He smirks as the ring on John's finger.
“Do you want to fuck Mummy as you eat?” She smiles softly.
The way I'm missing you.." He starts to sing softly.
He smiles and grabs a water bottle as well before taking everything up to their room.
He hums against her in his sleep.
He moans loudly, gripping his hips tightly as he comes hard around him.
“If any of them bit you they’d die. The only reason this one survived is because she didn’t swallow and spit you out.” Camille points to the girl on the couch. “You, my dear boy, are a direct descendent of Lucifer.”
Mycroft frowns and takes the glass away from him. "Greg. I know you're not okay. Please talk to me.."
John curls around Sherlock as he curls around Pete.
She presses her face to his chest and cries.
He smiles and hums.
He blushes and mewls as he starts to stretch himself.
Chloe sits in Zack's lap and curls up with him.
He chuckles and kisses Sherlock’s head.
He nuzzles him and kisses down his jaw to his neck.
He gasps and straddles his lap, kissing him back a bit desperately. He blushes, knowing Anthea’s used to seeing him dominant.
Sky blushes and whimpers.
She presses close and kisses him deeply, focusing her energy on giving him a flat chest like he wanted. Her breathing gets faster and her skin heats as it works
And I won't remember the words that you said
"I know, Bee.. But we need to let her cope.."
He relaxes as he eats.
“Brittle.”
John stiffens and frowns, walking out to the garden. Sherlock follows John and Greg follows Mycroft. "My.." Greg says softly as he follows.
He gasps and moans under her. He arches up into the kisses.
She mewls and and hums happily.
“If it’s positive he’ll probably take me to bed straight away so we can work on your new body.” Leona laughs softly.
He whimpers and nods, stroking himself quickly. "Greg.."
He blushes brightly. "Mum.."
“I feel great. Nothing at all. All of my problems from age are gone.” Magdala hums and relaxes.
“Stretch yourself for me and you can have it all you want.”
“That’s up to our people to decide.” Sky hums. “And your vote doesn’t count, Turk. You’re married to her. Your bias and they won’t allow it.” Fitz sighs.
"Right, thanks..." John says, instantly feeling guilty that he hadn't thought of his sister.
He gasps and grinds against him.
"Yes yes yes!" She moans loudly, coming hard around his fingers.
John kisses his neck. "You want me to fuck you against the door? Is that what you want?" John bites his neck.
He groans, cock throbbing.
He starts to moan loudly, arching. "Yes.. Please. More."
He raises his bet.
He kisses him and carries him to bed.
"John will get him back." He nods. "Word?" The voice asks. "Worthless." Greg hisses.
He smiles and hums, taking her hand.
He smirks and pushes into him. "Mine."
She gasps and mewls. “Oh yes.. fuck.. good boy..”
She leads them to the dining room.
She presses closer as she kisses him back, smiling against his lips.
“I think we’re both fine with it.” Sherlock smiles softly.
“She wanted to be bred by them. Far be it from me to disappoint her.” He smirks. “Oh, all of the plugs have a funnel like hole in the middle. Just in case you or any of the others want to slip her a few loads. She said she didn’t mind if she was sleeping.”
"So good.." He praises, sucking on his tongue.
"I get to choose?"
“I love the way you feel under my hands.”
"Its twins." She blushes and smiles happily.
"Mm. Now. A reward.."
Sherlock frowns and tightens his grip.
She mewls and lets him fuck her face.
"Mm alright." He smiles.
“I didn’t think he’d be one to go for that sort of thing. He’s quite possessive.” Margaret hums. “And you’d want it? A relationship with him and me?”
“I think I need to vomit.” Sherlock gets up quickly, stumbling a bit as he makes his way hurriedly to the bathroom. He makes it just in time to be sick, emptying what little contents are in his stomach.
“I don’t know about that..” She bites her lip.
Mycroft bites his lip. "With his permission."
He smiles and nuzzles him.
George has Collin help him carry in a huge box. "What's this?" Carol hums. "For Danny from me." George smiles brightly as they sit the box down.
“Brittle is to big to hide under something so... They have to be behind something?” Danny looks back at George.
“It’s not your fault. She was a professional.” Sherlock sits.
She nuzzles him softly. 'I'll never be able to thank you enough..'
She works her cunt around his cock as she runs her fingers through Greg and Riley’s hair. “Such Good babies.”
John lets Harry walk their mother out while he hangs back. Catching Mycroft's eye he jerks his head towards the one-way window.
His hips jerk and he lets out a quiet groan. He coughs to cover it up. "My apologies, Mr. Prime Minister, I'm afraid I'm a bit under the weather at the moment."
Sherlock laughs. "I had to learn how to be brilliant from someone.." He smiles and looks at Mycroft.
He relaxes and closes his eyes. "Did I do good?"
“Never complain about getting fucked. Complaining that he’s not letting me come. Complaining that he’s not coming in me.” Sherlock whines. “Mm you just want her to peg you.” Mycroft chuckles, pulling Sherlock back by his hair and pushing past his cervix.
He nods and visibly relaxes.
Benny pulls out and kisses his back, leaving Jean inside him. "It's okay. Just breathe." Benny soothes and rubs his sides.
“What I’m thinking is that if Sky can carry pups. Part human or totally dog, then that means she can probably carry other animals. So what I was thinking is what if she carries endangered species? She said she wanted to be bigger right? Well then let’s fill her with something bigger while also saving a few species.” Ms. Clark smirks.
"Nap.."
She smiles and nuzzles him.
"Oh god yeah." She moans and arches, kissing him back hungrily.
"Please. Want Daddy to fuck me."
They moan loudly as they fuck him.
He presses closer to him, having wanted this for so long.
"Mm then I feel very honored.." He smiles.
She blushes as she looks at herself. “This feels like a dream..”
'Good.. I should tell you that Sebastian called the other night.. John was there with me..'
“Sure that would be great. I’m used to only having my powers to work with. Now I have more people to help.” Margaret smiles and unlocks the barn, opening the door. “Morning everyone.” She laughs as the animals start making noise going to their stall doors to see her.
"Michael!" Sky moans loudly and arches. Jean holds Michael's hip in one hand as he fucks him harder and squeezes Sky's breast in the other as he bites at her neck.
She slips her hand into his, her hand trembling slightly.
He starts to thrust the cucumber into her with his cock.
James rubs their back. "Kiss his neck."
"Desperate, aren't you? You need to come so badly, don't you? Beg." James smirks as he pounds into him, hitting his prostate over and over.
"*How* are you not raging right now?! That man tried to rape your brother!" John growled. "And has set him back however many years in therapy."
He smiles and stomps out his cigarette. "I think that's brilliant.."
She pulls off his cock and sucks his balls.
He whimpers, rutting against the bed. "Mikey.."
"Sleep?"
Mycroft smiles softly and holds him close.
He groans and arches. "You look so good on top of me. You should ride me." He kisses and nips at his neck.
“You like to be used as well, don’t you?” He smirks.
"Probably.." John nods.
She pulls him down and kisses him deeply.
John reads the letter, noting the places where her tears had smudged the ink. He feels behind him for a chair and sinks heavily into it. The weight of his mother's words drags his heart into his stomach.
John sleeps deeply, using his magic to transport them both draining his energy. He keeps Sherlock’s presses against him, not moving a muscle as he sleeps.
"Because I can't put her through that again." John hissed, "you made it clear how important the work is to you regardless of the dangers. I can't....she can't lose another parent, Sherlock."
She hums happily and nuzzles him. "Shower."
John nods and tilts his head. “Please Locky.” He smiles.
Greg blushes and hums happily. John nods. "We have too. It's the only way out." John pats Mycroft's hand that's on his shoulder.
“Tell me what you want to do to them.”
He whimpers and comes hard in his pants, blushing brightly.
"I don't want them. God, Sherlock." John growls out, rubbing his neck against Sherlock's face. "I want you, can't you see that? But it would be incredibly stupid because anything right now would result in me carrying your pups. And while I'm not against the idea, I need time to think, to process everything without having to pick out baby names."
He holds him and kisses his neck softly. "Perfect. So brilliant.."
Sherlock blushes and giggles, kissing him back.
"I cleaned the house before I left. There's no trace we were ever there. It won't come back to me. I wiped the CCTV of the drive there and back to here."
“Look, I can’t be a good influence all the time.” Crystal laughs. “Besides you’re wearing forty two layers. I don’t think I’ve even ever seen your collarbone. Such a maiden.” She giggles.
"What are your plans?" he asks his parents quietly once the food had been taken away and coffee had been passed around the table. "Your house is still. well, yours. You could go home."
“Annie’s song, Brandy you’re a fine girl, Jolene, Cecilia, Delilah, Natalie, Black Betty, Long Tall Sally, Roxane, Iris, and Stacy’s Mom.” Crystal rolls her eyes. “Just to name a few.” She smiles softly.
He blushes and bites his lip. "Yes, sir."
Carol smirks and licks her lips. "Sherlock, get on your back on the bed. Collin, stretch Sherlock. Mycroft, stretch Collin enough for you and John to both fuck him." She orders.
"Sherlock." Donovan smiles softly and nods. She doesn't call him freak. She doesn't look at him like he's an alien. She looks at him like he's human and she treats him like one.
He gasps and rocks his hips a bit. “Yes, sir.”
"God, yes." He moans. "Stretch yourself for me."
He feels amazing as they walk into his father's office.
He blushes and nods.
"Okay." She smiles and they bring them out.
“That’s pretty. I’m Anthea.” She smiles softly. “I really want to make you come. Please?”
"Mm, alright. We can go back and get ready."
Turk blushes and nods. “Mind if I sleep?”
He nuzzles him happily.
"His cigars." She whispers. "Ricin."
She kisses him back and smiles.
"I'm glad you did." He smiles. Someone knocks at the office door. Sky moves from where she's was sitting and goes to George, curling up in his lap. "Come in." George barks as he wraps his arm around Sky. The door opens and a man steps in. "Sir, the preparations are almost ready for Miss Sky." The man says. "Thank you. Dismissed." The man leaves with a curt nod and closes the door. George let's Sky go and she moves back to her original seat.
Dark is back at his den, surrounded by small pups.
He nods. "That sounds good. Just text me where."
"Yes." Sherlock nodded.
Mycroft groans and comes hard into him, still fucking him since Cecil is still fucking him.
"Good. He deserved it."
‘Better?’ Sky asks George.
Greg holds onto him tightly. “I miss you, My..”
Sky cuddles into Jean.
Mycroft smirks and licks his lips. "I agree. Perhaps the crop?"
“Umm.. Soft purple.” Luciel smiles and and Pythia grins.
"Fuck.." Collin sighs and runs his hand over his face.
He blushes brighter. "Th-This is a special club.." He blushes as he remembers that it was a sex club.
He hums. “I don’t really know what I would ask.”
He pushes Sherlock onto his stomach like he asked and pushes back into him. "Mm I'm going to fuck you so hard." He growls and bites at his neck.
'Your wet cunt is all for me. Just made to take my cum. Perfect little slut. After I'm done with you here, I want to take you out and show you off to people. Tonight. I want to show them what a perfect whore I have.'
He mewls as he's set back onto it.
"Good." He smiles.
"Of course. Everyone go dance. Have fun. I'm going to rest and sit for a bit." Sky hums.
“But are you living?” Crystal asks. “Being alive and living are two different things.” She hums and points to a name in the book, Nelma.
Sherlock nods. “Will they be able to hear us?” He asks.
He groans and sucks on his tongue.
He hums as he relaxes to sleep.
He gasps and moans, bucking his hips. "Fuck, I don't care how."
“Having fun?” Sky asks Martha as they take a break from dancing.
He moans against his lips, mewling.
"I'm glad you're happy. You deserve this."
John follows her out, drying himself off also. “Why don’t we see if lazy bones is up?” He chuckles.
She deepens the kiss again.
He kneels in front of him and quickly takes his cock into his mouth.
“Of course.”
John smiles. "You natural."
“Good.” He smiles.
He smiles. "They're going to love you."
Mycroft is still on his knees on the ground, his fingers tapping away at his phone, sending out apologies to Greg, knowing he won't see them. He drops his phone when John and Sherlock reach him and drops his head to the ground.
"Thank you, My."
"No, but I can hold off on eating directly before he gets here." John sighs turning on the bed to face his mate. "Face it. No one else is sick, not you, and unfortunately not any of your brother's underlings. I thought it was the beer, then I thought it was food poisoning. Now I just think it's stress."
John frowns as he enters the room. "Sky?" He sounds worried, his expression soft.
"We can go back to Baker Street. I'll go into work tomorrow and do the paperwork." Greg nods.
“You’re welcome.” Sky hums happily.
Sherlock hums into the kiss and wraps his arm around John’s waist.
"Mm he likes you. I can feel it." Sky smile happily.
Greg smiles. "I think we're okay. Thank you, Carol."
"Whatever you want."
“If you think some facial hair is going to keep me from kissing you.” Sherlock pulls John in without hesitation and kisses him deeply.
Sherlock groans and arches his back. "Oh.."
"I love you. I love you so much. Don't ever stop. Oh god." She moans and rocks with him.
“I know. Most likely a sniper while you were trying to rescue a fallen comrade.” Sherlock nods. “Though I haven’t seen the scar I assume entry from the back to the front.”
The back of John's neck prickles and he looks over at his father. They share a small smile then he goes back to mixing the frosting. When the cake is frosted by Joann, he turns to his dad.
Mycroft whimpers and kisses him back desperately, blushing as he pushes into her mouth.
He drags his nails over Greg's chest. "I love every inch of you."
They all groan as they go back to the reset point.
"Oh come on! It was to good to pass up. I'll resist from now on." John kisses him back.
He blushes and hums. "Yeah, let him figure it out."
“Mm bare foot and pregnant in the kitchen?” She giggles.
George smirks. “Come for Daddy.”
“Now look right here.” Brenda grins and points to her cleavage. “You can touch and suck, whatever you like.” She smiles and bends in front of him so her tits are in his face as she pushes the needle into his arm, so skilled he doesn’t even feel it.
He nods a bit. "I love you.."
Pete comes back as they finish to gather their plates. “Will you be having dessert?”
“Thank you..”
“You’re still alive to complain about it!” Mycroft calls out.
He kisses her. 'Mm, you said Lydia and John were fucking?'
"You'll enjoy yourself." Mycroft chuckles.
He soon pulls back, easing the plug into him and putting the cockring on as well.
“He is. So so greedy. Look at his little cock.” Eli smirks as he strokes Sherlock, his big hand making Sherlock’s cock look smaller than it is.
“If you want them to be Gods, then it takes three years before they stop being breastfed.” Udos nods.
He whimpers and rocks against him needy.
He smiles softly and leans down to help her up.
She drools around his cock and lets him go deeper, subtly tapping into his thoughts wanting to know what he’s thinking.
"I think you'd look brilliant in that."
He follows her out and smirks. "Back to the table."
Sky calls Mycroft as soon as they get back to the room.
Sherlock cries out, his whole body tensing as he came hard onto his stomach and chest.
“Loads. I’ll show you the library after dinner. There are shelves and shelves full of books and things about healing.” Margaret smiles and nods. “I’m going to go clean up before getting Dominic and Leona for dinner. The kids and Pythia are in the living room if you want to get them.” She hums.
“They’re waiting in the bench.” He kisses him. “Go have fun.”
He hums happily and holds him closer.
He moans breathily. "Yes.."
He blushes and smiles softly.
Mycroft frowns and goes to sit next to her.
He kisses her back hard, pounding into her.
He nods off during the movie.
Mycroft lays down, pulling the covers up. "Thank you." He murmured, sincerely.
“No. Just looking in general.” She hums.
"Mm never have I ever skinny dipped." Sally say as and drinks and so do the other girls except Sky.
"I love you.."
"He won't have to if you stay here."
John smiles and turns to Sherlock who had already taken off. “Someone’s eager.” He chuckles.
Mycroft whimpers and angles himself so he can look down at Sherlock and Collin. "Oh fuck.."
“What the hell is going on?” She shouts at him. “They’re not sane, are they? They’ve lost their minds and they can’t control their powers anymore. That’s it isn’t it? And you don’t know how to contain them anymore.”
"Mm because it fills me up so nicely. Because it feels so good in my mouth, in my hand, in my arse." He nibbles on his neck.
"Yeah." She blushes and smiles.
Mycroft's face is crumpled. He looks like he's about to cry.
"You don't have to stay in here if you don't want to. You can go to the others." He nuzzles him.
He smiles brightly. "Brilliant, Sir.."
“Good job! We’re solids now.”
'God, you're already fucking dripping again.'
Leona smiles and closes her eyes. “But I’m tired now. Night Dom.”
She kisses him back softly and gets into her back. She spreads her legs wide for him, tight cunt dripping needy all over the bed.
"Mm yeah that's good.." He smiles and nods the he remembers he was supposed to talk to Greg about the nightmare that woke him up that morning. "Oh that little shit.." He chuckles and shakes his head.
Zack is still asleep against her.
“Anything.” He blushes.
He blushes. “Just comfy.”
He blushes. “Ah.. I guess.”
He nods and takes her hand.
He frowns. "I would break.."
"Oh god. Truth. If I stand I'll tip over." Collin slurs a bit.
He holds onto her as he slowly calms down.
He blushes and spreads his legs for the camera.
"Look at you.."
“I don’t know. She’s keeping Crystal in the basement for her transgression.” Sherlock frowns.
Mycroft continuously checks the door while Greg makes coffee.
He moans around him, looking up at him as he bobs his head.
He chuckles and smirks.
"Please." Sky gasps and moans needy.
He hums in his sleep and kisses his chest.
“Most couples the date goes one of three ways. Very badly, neutral, and good. I think yours went good.” Dr. Monroe smiles and goes to her desk, pulling out a questionnaire. “I want you both to fill these out. Be as honest as you can.” She hands them both a clipboard and a pencil. The questionnaire is about their relationship and things like that.
"Mm, how about after lunch?"
Sky moans and rotates, keeping his cock down her throat so this way he can watch it better and see her tits bounce at the same time.
Veronica pulls Sky's shirt off and kisses her neck as she cups her breasts over her bra.
He gasps and whines as he hits his prostate over and over.
"Such a noisy whore. I love it." Mycroft bites his shoulder as he comes hard into him.
He sucks on his clit, alternating between light and harder suck.
Dark sniffs him out and jumps up onto the couch.
He swings his legs as he sits on the counter.
"Oh... Sherlock..." John feels... God, he doesn't know. "And... How did it make you feel?"
He kisses him deeply. "You think the other two are still awake?"
He gasps and whimpers, pushing back against him. He decides to push Greg into being more dominant. "Are you going to fuck me or just stand here?"
“Thank you.” Sky blushes.
He chuckles and kisses down his neck, sucking marks into his skin.
She whimpers as she feels them fill her.
“Harry won’t. She’s a lesbian and John. I want him to have children with someone but he refuses.” Sherlock sighs. “We did talk though. We want to see if we can link John’s life to me. So, so long as I’m alive, so is John.” He says softly. “Would that be possible?”
“They’re six. And little rebels they are.” Leona smiles. “It’s as if they can talk telepathically to each other.”
He whimpers at the praise and rides him harder, his moans becoming more desperate.
John moans as he eats Sky out, his face nearly drenched.
"Only to good boys. What do you plan on doing with your present?"
Greg blushes and takes Johns cock into his mouth.
He smiles and closes his eyes, resting his head against him.
"It's fine, My. This is my old friend Maximus. We went to Uni together." Greg smiles. "Oh I've been down graded to 'friend' have I?" Max smirks.
"Somehow they make it work." She giggles and shrugs.
Mycroft nods once, then inclines his head to Anthea. "I've been told one of my safe houses has been made available for your use. It's inside the city limits, safe, and quiet enough that you two should be able to relax and enjoy some time together. Meanwhile, you'll be close enough for your children to visit."
She hums and smiles as she pulls back.
"Thank you, Master.." Chloe blushes brightly.
She pulls off his cock slowly, kissing his hips.
She kisses and sucks in his neck as she rides him, taking him deep as she rides him fast.
“Maybe have Dark go with her? He could be like her safety dog.”
Udos nods, “I know so. Shall we go somewhere more private? And we can see just how beautiful the rest of you is under that silk.” He hums.
He smiles softly, looking to Cecil.
She hums happily and starts to wash him.
(Also, we have a bunch of chapters saved as drafts. I keep forgetting to edit the Chapter Publication Date, so I apologize if it doesn't trigger an email to those who have subscribed. We do post daily though, so please just check ao3 if you're looking for an update)
Mycroft comes down a few moments later, yawning.
"Mmhmm. Just got a call. They need me for some work."
“Hi..”
He groans as he pushes into her, his cock throbbing.
“Of course.” John nuzzles him. “It’s not my safety I’m worried about.”
"It's okay. Even if you forget your safe word you can always tell me to stop and I'll stop. Okay?" He rubs his back.
“Do you want to stay in the hot tub or go inside?”
He frowns. "What was the first thing you were going to say?" He wipes his eyes with the tissue.
Sky gives the address to the cabbie and the taxi starts along. She hums softly and adjusts her gloves.
John raises his eyebrows. "I'm sure you've read my online profile." He muses. "But as a refresh, I predominantly help with sexual orientation and gender identity, though I do help with couple therapy, and with mental health."
Sherlock whimpers and curls up in him.
Pete’s face flushes as he listens to everything, following Zack out of the room.
Sherlock nods. “If you don’t want it to go ahead then that’s fine. I understand.”
"I love you, too." He smiles and cuddles him.
“Mmhmm. Quite a few times. A few of the babies I already had are fathered by him.” Sky smiles happily.
He mewls, kissing him back a bit weakly.
He hums. “Love you, baby.”
Anthea squirms, slap marks showing up on her tits. “One more. Harder.” He smirks.
He smiles shyly and nods.
He pants and smiles down at him.
Sherlock looks away, guilty.
Sky nods and tires not to cry, never having been out of control like that before.
Sherlock nods, “just... use a lot of discretion. I don’t think she will take kindly to knowing you’re trying to resurrect Camille.” He says with a small smile.
It cannot wait,
Sherlock easily falls asleep against Jason.
He hums as he pulls back, letting the others say goodbye.
“It’s alright. I was just about to call you. I was getting worried.” Sherlock sighs relieved.
"Mm okay.." Sherlock hums and kisses him back softly.
“Mm?” He smirks.
He grins happily and chuckles.
Issac chuckles and gets them. Morgan plays with George’s nipples, making them even more sensitive and puffy.
She snuggles up to him and closes her eyes.
Collin relaxes back against him and finishes the song.
He frowns and hides his face.
Mycroft sighs. "I feel terrible all the same." He murmured, unwrapping his sandwich. "You should let First Aid look at your hand."
“Buzz buzz.” John smiles and makes bee noises.
“Okay.” Greg nods and opens the lube, pouring some onto Mycroft’s fingers. “All I want you to do is lay back, spread your leg, and feel. Touch your cock, your bollocks, down to your arse hold. Just feel. Touch yourself. Get familiar.” He sits between Mycroft’s legs.
“Have fun.” Violet smirks as she watches them go.
"Go sit on the bed. I want you to strip and to put on the collar."
He whines softly, trying to rock back to take him.
Sherlock gasped, looking up at John.
"Daddy!" He screams as he comes hard.
"Of course, babe." Greg smiles.
He holds him down with one hand and continues the torture. "Sherlock Holmes, ticklish. Wait until the papers get a hold of this."
Mycroft smiles. "*L'œuvre de votre arrière-grand-père, comme vous pouvez le voir, Juliette.*" (“The work of your great-grandfather, as you can see, Juliette.”)
The five of them settle at a large oak table. It's only a few minutes before John's parents come downstairs, joining them with glazed looks and smiles on their faces. John notices the way his father's neck is red, as if someone had been pinching it, and tries his best not to think about what they'd been up to. Still, he found it comforting to know that his parents still cared for each other and that after so long apart had been given a chance to rekindle the spark.
“Of course, John.” Sherlock pets his hair gently, leaving the bathroom. He texts Anthea to get the notes of John’s patients so he can see how they’re doing with their interim therapist. He also has her send a list of secretaries that have been properly vetted that John can choose from. Then he orders takeaway. He changes the sheets on their bed and cleans up the room before going to check on John.
"Jean." He blushes, hiding his face in his neck even though he's bigger than Jean.
He takes him all the way down, using his throat muscles like earlier and massages his cock.
“I love you too. I hope you’ll be joining in the fun tonight as well.” Maggie nuzzles him.
“Says the person who is more interested in getting laid then making sure her son is choosing the right path, even though she lost his once.” Camille sighs.
"It wasn't a relationship." Sky states clearly. "Years." She says quieter.
George smirks. “I’ve been meaning to reconnect with Steve. Can’t think of a better way.”
Mycroft nods and sinks his teeth into Crystal’s neck he drinks for a moment before letting some blood out of her neck, and spreading it around their bodies with his hand.
Jean moans and holds his hips as he rocks with him.
“Well that’s how she catches her prey. She wraps around them really tight until they can’t breathe and they die. Then she swallows them whole. So since I don’t want her to crush you and swallow you whole that’s why I keep unwrapping her.”
"I feel like this is a dream and I don't ever want to wake up.." He whispers softly against George's neck.
“Of course.” John nods and wipes Sherlock’s face clean before crawling into bed with him.
Clark pays the waitress, barley looking at her in her skimpy uniform.
Zack chuckles as he pulls back.
He moans. "Yes, god yes please. They're both so big.."
He whimpers softly and thrusts his fingers into himself. "Christ.."
Greg holds his hips so tight she sure there'll be bruises. Greg pounds into him again and again.
He whimpers desperately and nods, pulling him closer.
**Did it work?—SH**
Mycroft comes hard into him and Eli comes hard feeling Mycroft pulse against him.
“Probably goofing around.” She smiles. “How are the boys?”
“You too.” John says since Sherlock is already absorbed into the case file.
Leona beams. “Oh I love inaugurations.” She giggles, her arm still around Margaret’s waist. “I’ve never seen a vampire one before though.”
“Sky?” He calls out.
"Morning, love." He smiles and signs.
Greg mewls and moves so Sherlock can take off his pants.
Short chapter is short. It was just a good place to break up the big block of text we have. Sometimes they pan out to be longer chapters, others end up short like this guy.
She smiles and gets dressed.
He lays on the bed with her. "Mm.. Didn't want to risk getting caught on the couch?"
He groans and kisses his neck.
“I’ll tell you when to stop.” Sherlock smiles as he continues to eat.
He whimpers and opens his mouth for him.
He fucks her hard and fast, moving his hand to press the vibrator directly against her clit.
As the night goes on, his dreams become ardent and he wakes to find himself groping his half hard cock. Flushing, embarrassed, he tries to go back to sleep, but his erection refuses to abate. God, he hasn't felt like this since his teens and early twenties...
Greg moans loudly and arches, George's thick cock stretching him even more.
To rid yourself of vanities and just go with the seasons.
He blushes and nods, crawling over to her.
“No.. It’s not fine. Where did I hurt you and how?” John asks feeling so incredibly guilty.
Sherlock moans as he feels his breasts enlarge. “Fuck, it always feels so good.”
"Stay... Please.." He whimpers.
He hesitates before nodding.
You can't stop my voice cause
John stood in the middle of the flat for a moment, taking in the smells, the feel of the flat. He’d only been in hospital for a week or so but it felt like an eternity. His head buzzed a bit. He kept feeling like someone was tapping him on the shoulder. “Did you… did you clean?” he asked, looking over at Sherlock. “It seems… different.”
Sherlock hums and kisses him back.
She smiles softly and takes a sip. "Mm it's good."
The doctor scans the report and starts giving Sherlock sodium. "Some drugs can cause a drop in sodium. This is probably the cause of death in those other addicts. They had seizures and people just thought they over dosed." John says reading the rest of the labs.
"Mm it is.." He smiles. "Oh John and I were thinking we should take a holiday to relax.. Before we go back to work and all.. What do you think?"
He hides his face in his chest.
She whimpers and her hole twitches needy.
Benny smirks, running his fingertips over Jean's body slowly and lightly as Jake ties him down.
He smiles. "They'll be here in a few hours."
“I need you to talk to Greg. Tell him that if he wants to get rid of Camille for good, then he needs to work with Crystal, Crystal has a way of killing Camille, but she needs his help.” Sherlock whispers.
He turns back to her, grinning. “How does that sound?”
He leaves, closing Sherlock’s door behind him. He makes tea on autopilot, thinking of questions.
He hesitates but nods.
If I'm fine after the shot, I'll edit chapter 10 and try and post that as well. I like giving you two chapters seeing these are all so short. But, no promises.
Greg holds his wrists down in one hand and holds his hip in the other. "Good boy. My good boy.." He growls and fucks him harder, angling his hips to hit his prostate.
She whimpers, already so wet.
He hums and nods, getting them settled in the car before driving home.
He hums as he strokes Jason slowly, leaning in to lick at the head.
Greg frowns. "I am." He says quietly.
“I- yes, why?” Margaret asks, starting to regret the joke.
Mycroft closes his eyes as they play.
"God yes. Take us out of here so we can go."
He kisses his neck and holds him tighter. "You are a dream.." He nuzzles him.
She moans into the kiss, holding him close.
"What do you need, baby?"
She takes the offered garlic knot and nibbles on it.
Sherlock holds onto John a bit tighter as they walk. “Tired.” He pants a bit.
Benny relaxes, rubbing his back.
He blushes. “Yes, sir.”
“Fuck. Want you to do that with me. Don’t come for a week and then fucking cover me in your cum.” He whimpers, turning his head to kiss him.
He smiles as he follows.
"Our babies."
Sherlock smiles and kisses him again, deeper.
For once, Sherlock isn't excited about a case. He frowns at Sky's reaction.
“I keep my cunt just how Daddy likes it. Wet and ready for him whenever he wants it.” She moans at the hard thrusts, tits starting to bounce.
He laughs and kisses him back. “Hello, Steve.”
He smiles softly and nuzzles him back.
He sits back down at his desk and looks at his phone.
Leona nods. “We probably won’t be coming back until after the pregnancy, so you need to say gooodbye too.” She smiles before leaving the room to finds the twins.
“Nice.” Todd nods and Calvin grins.
"Mm.." John seeks out his lips while still half asleep.
Clark nods and gets up. He slowly starts to strip, his cock hard and leaking already.
Mycroft moans as Michael continues to fuck him.
John moans and bucks up into him. He takes Mycroft's leaking cock in his hand and strokes it teasingly.
Greg nods. “I’m scared.” He whispers. “I don’t want to become one of them.”
His frown deepens, moving away from Collin a bit. "Sherlock isn't the same. When he truly needs someone, like he did with John, he needs only them. He wouldn't speak with anyone else, not even me. He needed his husband. John didn't realize until it was nearly too late. It could've gotten bad, believe me. Carol had doctors there. Plenty. Do not try to pin this on Sherlock."
Sherlock blushes and wipes his chin.
Greg rubs his hands over his face and mutters to himself.
Michael blushes harder and smiles.
Dave sits on the edge of the bed, biting his lip.
He swallows nervously as they get out.
“I would find a way to take her down.” Sherlock hums. “I’d go to Romania, and find a way that they imprisoned her and do the same again.”
"Good boy.." He praises and kisses him softly.
"Mm yeah. I have a headache." He laughs and then groans clutching his head. "Ouch.." He pouts.
He leans in and kisses him
"S-So bad.. Please.. It hurts, Sir.." He rocks back against his fingers.
Greg drops his tea and takes a few large steps back, he reaches for the stake in his waistband and pulls it out, holding it at his side.
She sniffles and hugs him back, cheek still red with the hand print.
“Morna, if you keep it up, I’ll have you tied and restrained as you watch me give Sherlock all of my cum.” John hums, spanking her arse.
“To buy contracts and keep them out of the hands of these men.” She hums as the lights go down. The MC walks out on the stage and explains that three contracts are up for sale tonight but the one that’s the special one is the last contract. Soon it’s time for the first contract is ready and a young man walks out onto the stage. Quickly the bidding rises.
“His doggie was nice but I only saw it without the man there. He never brought it with him.”
"Mm I could use some fresh air and quiet like that."
He nuzzles against him and smiles.
"Umm another blanket maybe?"
"Mmm, that man there, with the beard," John said, pointing to a middle-aged man with a chest-length beard.
Sherlock moans loudly as Mycroft pushes into him, pressing back against him. "I'm so full, Mikey.."
He smiles and kisses her softly.
He lets his hands travel down to cup her arse.
He holds her.
Mycroft blushes and grins. "I'm going to feel this.."
He gasps as he gets closer. "Please!"
"We're so happy to have you, Greg." She smiles softly and rest her head on his shoulder.
He blushes and kisses her back. “So were you.”
“He’ll be home. He won’t leave you to do this on your own. He’ll be back.” Joann holds John.
"I'd even let you come in me and then watch as the others take their turn with my arse.. I'd let you watch me be used like a slut.." He moves to kiss him to muffle his moans.
Violet opens her mouth immediately, trying to take the dildo into her mouth.
Mycroft sucks a large spot onto Greg's neck, making sure it will be seen later. "I'm going to bend you over the desk."
"Good, I'm glad."
He whimpers and huddles himself closer, clutching onto his jumper. "J-John.."
He whimpers and mewls, rocking his hips.
"Mm they are." He signs and giggles softly.
She kisses him back, deepening the kiss.
“I’d never joke about you making an honest woman out of me.” Anthea giggles.
"Christ I don't know. I have a terrible sense of theses things. If Carol didn't buy my clothes for me I'd look like a wreck all the time." He chuckles as he looks at the masks.
He moans loudly and comes hard into him.
“I started going grey at..” Greg thinks. “Twenty three? I think? Aubrey will know for sure.”
Maggie flicks her wrist gently, the curtains closing and darkening the room.
He presses kisses to her head.
"Sir, please!!" He begs breathlessly.
He smiles softly as he looks down at him. “Hello, there..”
She cries out and comes hard around him. She moans breathily as she continues to ride him.
He wraps his arms around him and kisses him back tenderly.
"For the same reason that they all love you."
John closes the office door behind them.
He blushes and hums. "Mm, always?"
"Almost." He rocks his fingers slowly, kissing his thighs.
Turk squeezes Fitz’s hand as Sky steps up to speak.
"Okay." He smiles and nods.
She relaxes with him.
"Mm.. Do you usually use toys?" He slowly thrusts his fingers.
"I've got you. I'm right here. Everything's okay.." She holds him close and kisses his tears away.
Mycroft bites his lip and nods excitedly. “I just want to be used by you all. Be your needy little whore. Well, big whore.” He giggles. “Anytime, anyplace. I want you all to just get me into a room and use me until you’re done.” He blushes and nuzzled into Taylol’s neck. “Please.”
"Such a good boy.." He rubs his sides.
Sherlock hums and smiles. "Come on."
Sabine laughs wetly. "Sure." She wipes her eyes and nose with a tissue from her pocket.
“I feel loads better.”
He leans in and kisses his cheek softly.
Michael glances at his cards.
He smiles and takes his hand, leading him back to Todd and John.
"I know. I'm excited."
Sherlock drinks slowly careful not to let his fangs cut into John. He finishes the bag and leans against John. “Miss you...” he breathed
"Good. We have to keeps Sky's boys well fed so they can keep up with her." Grannie May smiles.
They soon pull up to the estate.
"No... something... fuck, Sherlock's in pain. I.." John reaches up and grabs his head with shaking hands. "I can't think. I just feel him screaming."
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Like what you see?” Sherlock purrs, his legs spread.
He gasps and arches up into his hand. “Fuck..”
“Careful, Harry. Too much at once and you may break him.” Anthea smirks, liking the wide eyed look Mycroft is giving.
“Thank you, Sir.” Sherlock blushes and relaxes, taking Udos’ cock.
Sabine feels her eyes fill with tears. “You’re all so kind...”
He moans and arches. "Close."
She moves off him and unties him before collapsing next to him.
He smiles. "I can't believe it."
"Mm.. Gorgeous.." John runs his hands up Sherlock's thighs, massaging his muscles.
Michael blushes and kisses her back, feeling immensely loved.
Greg laughs as he climbs the stairs back up to the loft. He'd ran down when heard Sherlock scream.
She smiles and nuzzles him. "I'm gonna try something else."
John raises his brows. "You hate my jumpers." He stated, smirking. "My shoulder was injured in Afghanistan. Shot."
He turns on the bath and waits for the tub to fill.
Chloe smiles happily, looking exhausted but so happy as she holds the twins.
Eli’s cock throbs as he gets close.
He bites his lip as he stumbles a bit while walking towards her.
He whimpers and nods, staying like that for a moment before pulling away to change the bandages. He still feels incredibly guilty and he knows he will never forgive himself for letting this happen to Greg.
“Thank you, Mummy.” She mewls and kisses her neck. “Tell me about John. About the boys. I want to know about all the boys that are going to fill my cunt up.”
He holds him close, kissing his shoulder.
"Really?" Sherlock asked, surprised.
"How many are there?" John asks, peeking over Sherlocks shoulder at the menu.
“Ah, finally. The reason I came along.” He jokes.
He blushes against him, opening his mouth.
He rests his head on Collin's chest, humming softly.
He smiles and kisses him back. “Mm, Nina brought you a surprise.’
Sherlock and John take on a case just before bonding... Will they survive the tension?
"I know.. I know, I'm just.. I'm bad with things like this.."
"I didn't realize he'd want me.."
'It's okay..' Sky says softly in his head.
He whimpers and bites his lip.
“I know. I lied to you and Magdala. I’m sorry.” Crystal frowns.
“This will be fun then.” He smiles.
Enjoy!
He blushes as he follows her.
He blushes at the praise, having always been more submissive than anything else in the bedroom.
Greg nods. "T-thanks.." He smiles weakly. "
Benny smiles softly and presses closer.
John cuddles into Sherlock, pulling out his phone and ordering food from an app.
Sherlock smiles and relaxes, leaning against John.
Greg gasps softly and he nuzzles Sherlock. John smiles and squeezes Mycroft's hand. John looks over at Greg and Sherlock and chuckles. He indicates for Mycroft to have a look.
He hums quietly.
“Listen to you.” He licks his lips as his cock throbs.
He whimpers and kisses him back.
“Her gasps are adorable as I bite her neck. She moans each time I thrust into her, getting louder and louder. She cries out for more and I comply, I don’t think normal humans would be able to stand it but Crystal is loving it, eyes closed, moaning loudly. And god she feels so tight. So tight around my cock, and so wet. She leaking come everywhere even more she’s reached her climax, only making it easier for me to fuck her.”
"Do you know who they are?"
“I’m sure the boys are going to love you.” She smiles and pulls her into her lap. “What else do you like?” She rubs her hips and back as she kisses her neck softly.
Greg moans loudly, pulling back before slamming back into her mouth.
He smiles shyly and kisses him back softly, pressing closer.
He strokes him slowly, curiously. “You feel amazing..”
“Why do you think you’ll slow us down?”
Greg moans as he swallows her cum.
He blushes and nods.
She smirks and moves the carefully to where she’s straddling him. ‘Want me to ride you? Be a good boy and tell me how bad you need my cunt. How badly you need to fill my womb.’ She purrs, slowly rolling her hips to tease him and the change in position letting him slips even deeper inside her.
**Are you alright? Where are you? Do you need me to pick you up?**
She holds him close and kisses him.
"Good." Yuki smiles. "Amazingly enough getting shot didn't hurt your place in the running. It's actually made it better." She hums. "Huh." Sky nods. "But they know that your pregnant now." Yuki hums and Sky bites her lip.
He moans loudly against his lips, pulling him in close. "Please.. I need you. So much."
