His voice was dull, uninflected, only because he could not show how much he cared. It would not be fair, he knew, on John.
The colour palette is the same as the TAB room, and the similar chunks of light falling through suggest that we’re in the same place. The light is designed to mirror that of the Diogenes Club in TAB as well – there is a unity in all these Mycroft’s that we shouldn’t miss. Here I can’t imagine I’m the first one to notice that the light in Mycroft’s office is designed to look like a chessboard, which was an important motif in the promotional pictures for s4. Chess is associated with Sherlock’s brain through Mycroft, most notably in THE where it is contrasted with Operation which represents their emotional (in)capacities. So here we are – Mycroft is the brain, if we didn’t already know, and Sherlock has gone to speak to his brain alone much like he did in TAB. Mycroft has already been associated with the queen a lot; they meet in Buckingham Palace in ASiB, where there is a jibe about Mycroft being the queen of England – we can see here in Sherlock’s head that the brain’s power is vastly reduced by comparing these two episodes. The first time we see Mycroft in connection to the Queen we go to the most famous building in the UK. The second time, Sherlock says he’s going to the Mall, which is the street that Buckingham Palace is on, so we are led to expect a reprisal – and instead come here. There is still a picture of the queen on the wall, but apart from that we are in the darkest room of the show so far, whose grating makes it look under siege. Mycroft’s power in Sherlock’s head is vastly reduced, and indeed the brain’s influence (represented by the queen) over Sherlock’s character is waning as Sherlock struggles to come to terms with his emotional identity.
Sherlock Holmes laughed and took a step back. "Are you that easy to give in, Dr. Watson?"
He let go of me and moved himself away from my bed; I was gasping for air meanwhile.
“Oh, I feel better already, I surely could use a nice walk or-“
"That's...that's not possible, John", Lestrade said both startled and amused.
"I...I don't know what to say", I said and didn't dare to unwrap the item inside.
“They did
"Please...don't...", she begged.
"Oh? The fine gentleman had a thought? I'm all ears."
"It's not about Betty Walter", Lestrade said and opened the door to his office. "John, we need to talk."
Then Sherlock opened the next button and all emotion dropped from his face.
“The game has been afoot for a long time, I just enjoy watching it.”
My assumption that it was a bedroom proofed to be false. I found myself laying on some kind of sofa, considering the rough fabric underneath me. On my left side, I got a good look at the room I was in; it seemed to be a living room, not much different to my own.
I inhaled sharply and played the conversation in my head.
"We, Inspector, are professionals. Professional hunters in fact", Emma said, "We get paid fairly well for our work and get to places the DSO would dream of!"
He strangely haven't recognised me yet, so I put my shyness a bit away. Then I remembered that I left my Lancaster at home. Stealthy, I took a better look a Sherlock and grinded my teeth. He was really handsome. His pale skin and light eyes looked nice together and his soft curls complimented his sharp cheekbones. We danced for a while, but then Sherlock pulled me a bit away from the crowd. I wanted to fight back, but I didn't want to call attention of the DSO, so I let him pull me into a room.
“Not a deep sleeper, huh?”
"Who attacked you?", I was surprised how worried Lestrade was about me.
"Yes", I whispered amazed and confirmed another time, "Yes. Yes of course I do accept!"
“Or what?”, Sherlock sneered at me, “You will rip my arm off?”
"Yes, maybe", the woman silently laughed.
"We already talked about that", said Lestrade, "and I decided that you really do need some time off."
"I'll see what I can find about this", I said and blowed the ink dry. "We stumble from one case into another."
"I really don't need a doctor", I repeated.
“Does Lestrade know about this?”
"Should someone accompany you? What about Hopkins?", Lestrade and I looked around but we couldn't see him anywhere.
"I think she's turning into a vampire", I said, "Her body temperature is getting lower every second and she has bite wounds on her neck!"
"I don't like you", I said a little bit louder and was surprised how I changes the words to sound less angry.
"Here it is", I said after we had reached our destination.
I wanted to get up, to flee, but Sherlock put his hand on my shoulder, demanding me to stay.
Before I could realize, Sherlock sat me down on the sofa again and he himself took seat in an armchair in front of me.
Closing in to Scotland Yard's entrance, I saw Lestrade already standing there, looking a bit annoyed. He surely wanted to complain that I was late and that he was worried that something might have happend to me, but his epression changed once he saw me carrying the woman and he helped me getting her into the buliding.
"Dead don't roam the streets!"
"You don't know that", Sherlock said, shrugging his shoulders, "But you don't have a lead at the moment."
"See you", Lestrade said goodbye to me and left the building. I waited a few minutes to make sure that he really was gone because I didn't plan on walking straight home.
I wanted to scream, wanted to say something, wanted to resist but I somehow couldn't. I was weak against his mystic powers and this made me angry.
I took another look around. I needed salt, a cigarette, some soap and water. I noticed the kitchen further into the flat and inspected it thoroughly. I found a bar of soap and the tap water was still running. I found a bag of salt in a desk drawer and to my surprise a bit of tobacco ashes.
"I am going to bring ou to the police, alright?", I said knowing that she wouldn't answer me.
I laughed shyly. "Why yes."
“That is a joke, right?”, he asked, not daring another look at me.
He shoved me down the stairs and kicked my hurting body through the door like a dog.
“This is not about that”, Daniel said, and I saw something shift in his eyes I couldn’t place, “It’s about this Holmes fella you mentioned.”
"That was he vampire I already met. I'm actually surprised that he did not recognise me. At leat my scent."
“The local reverent?”, Sherlock said, disgust on his face, “No wonder your clothes stink of incense, you’re there pretty often, am I right?”
“I’m going home”, I exclaimed while trying to steady myself, “I will tell Lestrade about this and we will hunt you down for good.”
"I'm going to go to the Barts. What are you planning on doing? Will you stay here to investigate with Anderson?", Lestrade asked.
"Lara Owen confirmed that it's him."
"Jeanette", he repeated, "You're quite beautiful."
Lestrade gave a nod of confirmation. "We still don't know who's behind this and it drives me crazy."
I felt my hands getting moist. "Well, I, erm...", I stuttered, "once I get home, I'll eat something and go to bed shortly after that. I don't have a lot of freetime between shifts."
The woman wiped her face. "He was tall and had dark hair. He wore a coat but I don't remember if it was black or blue. And he had those stunning light eyes."
I felt cold sweat running down my forehead and Sherlock obviously noticed.
“Let me go or-“
After we told Lestrade about what had happened, we stood in his office, quite baffled. And then, he let us two off the hook for the rest of the night. I, of course, went straight home.
"Thank god", the woman said, "Do you know what happens when the same vampre feeds from you multiple times?"
He got up from his seat, pacing around the room while explaining to me. “There is something about you, I’m not able to make it out just yet. This may be the reason why other vampires started targeting you as well. Maybe there was an event in your childhood that you are trying to forget?”
I then felt a kind of pressure leaving my wrists and tumbled into the man's arms.
"Be careful, okay?", she said before finally letting me go.
The woman thought a while to recollect her memories. "I... I was at a festivity", she started telling, "I had fun, but it was getting late really quick. Then, this man approached me", she seemed to shudder with horror, "He offered me to escort me home and I thought this was a really polite gesture so I accepted. And on the way home, he pulled me into this alleyway and..."
Although I was angry at Lestrade for treating me like this, I really didn't wanted to upset him any more so, I mostly spend my days in my house. I used my newly found free time to fix some thing in my flat, so read some nice books but soon after a week I started to get bored, though well rested. I simply wasn't used to this kind of tediousness. But then, in my second week off, I got an unexpected visitor. It was quite early in the evening and while I didn't expect anyone, I hoped it was Lestrade, coming to apologise to me. But it wasn't Lestrade who was at the door.
"Don't be like this, John Wa-"
“Oh, I wouldn’t do that if I were you", Sherlock lowered his voice to a husky growl and the way he said it, made the words sound like a threat.
[It’s worth noting that the identical shots we see in TST and TLD
Sherlock gets off the tarmac suggests that such mixing is still going on, and we shouldn’t trust our senses. In case that point needed hammering any more, however, Steven Moffat gave us
“What’s eating you, then?”
He raised Rosie up, holding her at arm’s length to avoid the kicks coming from her limbs, and marched down the stairs to strap her into the pram. Whatever was wrong with Sherlock, he would sort out at a later date, but right now he could only deal with one infantile tantrum, and he had a strong feeling he would need a brisk walk to ward off one of his own.
“No – no I’m not – “
I’d never thought about last words, about words in general. Their meaning, how they were used. At least until I heard the last words. And then the fall. Then after the Fall. There was nothing after the fall. Everyday. I sat in my chair. Waiting. Waiting for him to burst through the front door yelling me to come on a case with him. Shadows danced on the walls, sometimes taking the shapes of people or objects. I stopped going to work, it was impossible. I had a panic attack. My PTSD came back. Often the shadows took shape of them. The people. I slipped on one of my last clean pairs of pants and put on an oversized sweater and slipped on a pair of old shoes. I went down to an old place that he and I had never been. It was clean and within walking distance. I sat in my spot at the bar and ordered what had become my usual. I drank it and watched a sport game I didn’t care about. I didn’t care about much of anything anymore. He hadn’t seemed to realize how much he meant, how many times I’d wanted to do what he did. I’d stopped going to the graveyard after a few days. After the grief had turned mostly to bitterness and anger. I drank another and the news came on. Reports about his suicide still flashed on the screen. At first the internet blew up. ‘It’s not possible’ ‘He’s a fake’ ‘He’s not dead’ ‘What led him to this?’. For all the questions, I didn’t have any answers. I was just one of the ones left behind. Suicides never kill one person. I drank another and asked the bartender to turn off the T.V. I drank another and laid my head on the counter. Someone asked my something and I slowly raised my head to answer. Instead of speaking, I stared at them. Just another face, another face. Why would he leave me like this? I slapped a bunch of notes on the counter and stepped out onto the darkening street. This used to be the perfect hour. The hour of night. Now it was just another night, leading to another day, leading to another night. I stumbled into the flat and looked around. The living room, the kitchen, the bedroom. I hated it. I marched upstairs and grabbed some boxes. I threw in all the files he left on the desk. All the cases, solved or otherwise. Lestrade had given me his phone, I threw it away. I stripped pictures off the wall and threw them into another box. I walked into the kitchen with an open garbage bag and swept the chemicals into the bag. A wet drop fell onto my hand and I realized that I was crying. I wiped my eye and moved to the fridge. Everything. Everything had to go. I swept experiments and old food into the bag. I opened cupboard and swept the contents into the bag. Everything. Everything had to go. After the living room was cleared and hefted up the boxes and walked to Sherlock's room. I’d never been in his room. It was neat, a made bed and pressed clothes hanging in the closet. Any moment he’d come through the door. He’d apologize. Apologize for everything. Everything. Everything had to go. I threw the clothes into the box and any other books or such that he left were put in a box. The boxes shut in the closet. I walked back into the living room and realized I left the violin. It was in its case by his music stand. I kneeled down next to it. I pushed away another tear and shut and case, locking the clasps. I grabbed the stand and threw it into the closet. Into the closet. Into the dark. I locked the door to the closet but left the key to the door hanging on the knob. None of his family had come to claim anything. I walked up to my room. I laid on the bed. Watching, waiting, hoping. I walked down stairs and standing in the living room, I noticed something I never had. A floorboard. Just slightly out of place. The edges soft. I picked it up and underneath, found his stash.
The fear of Moriarty coming back might sound like a tenuous symbol for John being in danger, but when we probe deeper the two are actually quite obviously equivalent. The only threat that Moriarty has ever posed to Sherlock is a threat to John’s life – the Semtex, burning the heart out of him, John Watson is definitely in danger, the sniper at the fall. This is Sherlock’s pressure point, and by getting rid of Moriarty, he’s getting rid of any danger to John – we know from his drug abuse etc. that his regard for himself is much lower. So Sherlock being woken from the dead to save John makes complete sense. He died for him, and now he’ll resurrect himself for him.
Chapter 13 – Out of My Dreams [TFP 3/3]
John stifled a smile. “You’re incorrigible.”
, a series five episode I’m going to delve deeper into later, but where because it’s a dream, the Doctor is able to predict every word the monsters say.
In my reading, EMP theory begins once Mary shoots Sherlock in HLV – I’ve linked the reasons for this in Chapter 1
Sherlock swallowed and turned to John, hoping his blush had abated, forcing his lips into an innocent smile. “She’s fantastic.”
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Although Mummy and Daddy would come up for Christmas Eve drinks, they had insisted that it would not be enough to see Sherlock only once over the holiday period, and so on the Saturday of the 12th Sherlock had made his way down to Sussex to see them. John and Rosie had come along too – that had seemed a no-brainer to Mummy, who had automatically extended an invitation for three rather than one, and although John had looked slightly perplexed at being asked back after the previous year’s disaster, he acquiesced without voicing those concerns. Sherlock was grateful for that; he did not want to, could not, even, explain to John how completely he thought of him as family.
Sherlock believes that Mary is Smallwood because of her perfume. This is a rational enough assumption to make, but it’s not just based on perfume. We know that since Lady Smallwood has engaged Holmes, Lord Smallwood has committed suicide – so she fits the profile of the blackmailee from
, through countless adaptations in literature and film. Plenty of these adaptations as well as the original stories are referenced in the EMP, not least by going back to 1895, the year that symbolises the era in which most of these adaptations are set. (If you don’t already know it, check out the poem
I had to start writing. Full credit for inspiration here to @tjlcisthenewsexy, who has definitely had many of these ideas independently, and I would fully recommend watching the video before you read this. I personally only really buy Moffat era Who as a direct parallel to Sherlock, largely because Moffat wrote both, but also because 2010-17 matches up exactly with our boys. Lots of people have drawn parallels between 2005’s Bad Wolf Bay scene (by Russell T Davies) and the tarmac scene – those parallels are definitely there, but I think they’re more due to common tropes in love-declaration scenes than from intent.
, we get the lovely lines
Eh – mixed messages, I grant you.
post-it note and then glancing at a time piece – discussed here (
, this final breakthrough is what’s going to allow Sherlock to open his own eyes, right? So that phrase is doubly powerful.
, judging by the name, and who is currently dominated by the destructive MP!Eurus. The other important point to note here is that Sherrinford is an island in the middle of the sea – that’s not a coincidence, given how much water imagery abounds in this series. I spoke briefly in Chapter 2
“I remember everything.”
What does it mean, then, when Jim and Emelia become one and the same in the scene where Jim wears the bride’s dress? We initially read this as Jim being the foil to Sherlock, his dark side, but I think it’s more complicated than this. Sherlock’s brain is using Emelia as a means of understanding Jim, but when we watch the episode it seems that they’ve actually merged. Jim wearing the veil of the bride is a good example of this, but I also invite you to rewatch the moment when John is spooked by the bride the night that Eustace dies; the
It’s possible that the Appledore Vaults being Magnussen’s MP is the first time that Sherlock recognises that this is a simulation, and that this isn’t real. He certainly looks incredibly distressed, although that could also be because of the immense danger he’s put John in. However, the vaults being a mind palace doesn’t make sense as surface plot, as so many have pointed out – we’ve literally seen the letters before. (I grant that Magnussen could be bluffing, but it seems odd to draw attention to the letters having a physical form nevertheless.) However, the fact that Magnussen’s MP is in vaults underground is really interesting – imagery to do with going deeper and deeper into Sherlock’s mind is pretty much always falling or sinking, as seen in both TAB and TST in particular. That idea of descending into one’s mind is prefigured very neatly here, and should get us thinking about height generally (I’ve talked about the reverse side of this in the previous chapter
be in Eurus’s mind. When we watch film/tv, we make one of two assumptions – either we have the omnipotent view, like in most films, where we’re guided by the director but everything we see is ultimately objectively true, or we see through somebody else’s eyes (rarer). These can be played with – think of a film like
“She’s not my daughter,” Sherlock responded acerbically, just audible above Rosie, whose yells had now turned into definite squalls. The words hit John with the power to wind him. No, of course she wasn’t, but by God, they were raising her together, weren’t they? Maybe not forever, maybe not even for much longer, but that was the current arrangement. And right now, when Rosie was screaming fit to bring down not just 221B but 221A and C as well, John could do with a little sodding help.
Neither of them had noticed John had come in, and John had no desire to change that. He did not interrupt but stood there, watching. Sherlock was often odd around Rosie; he remembered all too well the row they had had about the role he played in parenting Rosie, and often wondered how Sherlock behaved with her when he was not around. Now he knew. He had never seen Sherlock speak so tenderly. Every movement was gentle, careful, as though powerfully aware of the fragility of the young, beautiful life he was cradling. Those ice blue eyes which John had grown so used to were filled with a care that John had never seen before, a vulnerability that John had not known possible.
“Do you want something?”
“No, no. Of course.”
“Apart from hacking into – what are you hacking into?”
He did not quite know what to say to her. Realising that he loved Sherlock had winded him, had turned everything he had assumed about his life before upside down. Thinking back, he knew there was not a time in their acquaintance when he had not loved Sherlock. From their first meeting at Bart’s, when Sherlock had looked him up and down and with a curl of his lip deduced his life story, and then without much more introduction had whisked him on an adventure like John, army veteran, had never known. When John had killed for him, hours after they had first met. Recognising that threw everything he had known with Mary into relief. Had he known then? He supposed, deep down, he had. Had she?
Now December was setting in in Baker Street. Christmas was a reminder to John that time was passing; Rosie was nearly one, and John had realised when he saw the first Christmas tree on Oxford Street in the middle of November that Rosie needed a home. Baker Street had been supposed to be a stop gap, but John had got comfortable. He had promised himself that day that Rosie’s next Christmas would be in a real home, and that evening had spent hours on property sites, trawling through houses that would be fit to raise a child in.
Then we have a quick flashback to the canteen scene. A lot of EMP theory has drawn on the canteen scene, and how phenomenally dreamlike the entire situation is. There is no way this can take place in Speedy’s – in terms of the timeline, it can’t even take place in the hospital canteen! However, it seems to draw on a mental image of Speedy’s because of the visual similarities between them (referenced in this meta, although this meta makes the argument for the reality of the scene
No. It wouldn’t. But as Mummy sighed and began to potter, giving up this conversation as a bad job, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel that this was a case of easier said than done.
He burst out laughing – he had forgotten. “So?”
John’s eyes could not help but flicker towards Sherlock, who was studiously looking at the ground, yet John saw an unmistakeable smile playing at the edges of his lips. John felt a warmth spreading in his chest that had nothing to do with the magic of Christmas – that little introspective smile that only Sherlock wore, and at being called Rosie’s dad of all things. He knew they should clear up the mistake, but having seen Sherlock’s quiet pride at Father Christmas’s words, John thought perhaps that Father Christmas did not need to know.
The woman shook her head and gasped for air. "No... no... Anglishe!"
I stared back at him. "You didn't take care of the case?"
"Why is that? I thought Betty Walter's case was clear and the already did the autopsy at the Barts."
"Oh, the gentlemen have arrived!", the woman said happily, "But you're a bit late! Your collegue was already here and got rid of my problem!"
"So", Lestrade started, "Lara Owen is being escorted back home this moment by some of our policemen", he said and interlaced his fingers ontop of his table, "Our duty is to find the culprit right now. Any ideas?"
"So we meet again, John Watson", a famillar voice said to me.
I tried to follow him with unsteady legs, only to feel the doorknob burn as I touched it.
"You'll stay here for a while", Sherlock said, "There is something that interests me about you."
"Yes, of course", I mumbled, "The Betty Walter case."
"Say, John. What do you do if you're not at work? I mean, I know for about three years and still know close to nothing about you."
"Lestrade, it's fantastic!", I exclaimed facinated as I examined the silver bullets which also were worked with carvings.
“But seeing you struggle and all feisty is also a bunch of fun”, Sherlock laughed manically as he left his flat.
I took a quick look around. "So I'm not the only one?"
"A lot happened. A lot of bad things, a lot of unnerving things. It's going to get better."
"I don't know", I said to prevent silence between us, "I am afraid but I don't know what is making me feel this way."
"What do you mean, ou have found another dead body?", Lestrade snarled at Anderson, who took the nightshifts for a couple weeks from now on.
I heard that a vampire's bite will hurt only at first but I didn't know it could make one so drowsy. I tried to not close my eyes and fall asleep, who knows what could've happened to me if I did?
"A forced holiday?", I cried out in surprise as Lestrade and I were standing alone in my living room.
I shook my head. "I couldn't. All clues lead to nowhere. But similar symbols suggest that it might be a kind of ancient Vampire-language. But nothing's for sure."
I inhaled air sharply. “What are you trying to imply?”
"Your DSO isn't doing a great job then!", Daniel said with a bitter tone in his voice, "We were lucky. If we had arrived just a couple of hours later, they would've sucked her dry."
I wandered around the night for a while, not recognizing anything, until I heard a familiar voice.
"Sherlock?", I hissed but he forced me to stay silent and pulled me further away from the crowd.
I saw it in his eyes, the confusion, the anger and he had to take a seat in one of the chairs in the room.
"As Laymen?!"
Back at home, I threw my coat onto an armchair and sat down exausted on a chair. I looked into the mirror which was hanging opposite to me and carefully rubbed my neck. I writhed with disgust and felt a kind of nausea rise up inside my stomach.
"Please", I said, "Please stop."
Sherlock Holmes sickened me. Charming on the outside, a monster on the inside. I sometimes envied those at the DSO who could just shoot a monster, knowing that I could never do that; shoot and hit.
"Start?", I asked, "Start what?"
I wasn't really alright. A vampire released a lot of toxins into the body if one was bitten. It's basicly harmless, Molly confirmed, unless I got bitten again in the next two weeks. But it took its toll on me because my body was treating the vampire's toxin like a cold. I felt pretty nauseaus most of the time, plus the migraine which was why I wasn't getting any sleep, and I noticeably looked paler than usual.
"That's already the third victim in three nights", I said horrified and thought of my options.
“That was my blood”, he growled, “I was the only one supposed to get a taste of you!”
I clicked by tounge and put the gun down, but still held it ready in my holster.
"Holmes dies have a good taste after all. Yes, indeed. Sadly that does not transfer to his taste of women", the person talked shop and looked at me from every angle. "But you really did dress up, didn't you Dr. Watson?"
"Oh, I don't know", the woman giggled, "A friend forced me to go with her."
My whole body stiffened. "You know what I think about this."
"Where's the catch, if you help me?"
"Yeah, sure", I said but I wasn't even sure myself if this was true, "A few nervewrecking cases but everything else's in order."
I could only nod.
"A man by the name of Sherlock Holmes was found murded. There clearly was no doubt that he was dead his throat sliced and mauled. Everything was covered in blood. It was a truly horrible sight to behold. he didn't seem to have any relatives as noone showed up to his funeral and they never found the murderer. But the disturbing thing about this was that two weeks after his death he was seen again in the city. I mean, the photographies weren't definite but it has been confirmed by different people and it's really scary just talking about it.
"Is this her?", a woman's voice asked and a man's voice answered: "Yes, I am completely sure."
“Why”, he whispered against my neck before licking the wound clean and finally shut, “Why?”
"It's unbelieveable that this bloody vampire escaped!", the Inspector grumbled.
Without hesitation, he bit into my flesh and made me scream of pain. It wasn’t like to last time he drank from me, this time the pain didn’t fade, and I clearly felt the would pulsating with every gulp he took. I tried to force the lager man away by pushing but my arms felt wobbly and soon also did my legs. He was supporting me from sliding onto the floor with his arm wrapped around my waist.
"Did he feed from you?", the woman asked.
I wanted to protest, but as I noticed Lestrade closing in, I took Sherlocks hand and followed him to the dance floor. While we were dancing, I tried to not look at Sherlock directly.
Molly took a confused look at Sherlock as he handed me to her. "I wish you a wonderful evening, ladies", he said and then disappeared into the crowd.
"And what qualifies you two of doing this sort of thing?"
I went up closer to them and put my hand onto my pistol. "Hey!", I shouted, "Let go of the woman immediately!"
I didn’t realize what I had done until Sherlock suddenly backed off and held his cheek. I only then noticed my right hand shaking and burning.
"We'll surely catch him. There aren't many vampires in London", I contributed but I myself was disappointed of the failed investigations. "Did the watchmen find anything else that might be of use?"
“That’s ridiculous!”, I screamed back, “You’re in no place to treat me like this!”
"You're pretty troubled, aren't you?", Lestrade declared and I twitched, "Did something happen last night?"
"Oh? You're not afraid of humans then?"
Daniel snorted: "We two were called and told to save Dr. Jeanette Watson."
We both looked outside for a moment.
"Shhh. We don't want anyone to hear us."
I wanted to respond something angrily but I felt dizzy and blinked a few times to see clearly again. I felt tired and everything hurted. I saw Sherlock licking his thumb and rubbing my neck with it. I did tingle a bit and after I managed to tough the place where the bite wound would've been, I noticed that it was gone.
"John, I already explained to you that..."
I shrugged. I didn't want to go into detail about what he did.
"You heard me, John", Sherlock said with a bitter expression, "Every single guest here is a vampire. Except for you."
"Don't you think it's wierd that Baynes arrived before us?"
Before I was afraid of losing consciousness, long after I gave up struggling, he released his fangs from my throat.
"Thanks, Anderson, you're not helping", I mumbled.
We went back inside. "Excuse me?", I said.
While thinking I was distracted and didn't notice her moving. She quickly grabbed my sleeve and pushed me onto the ground. I tried to free my arm to grab my pstol but this didn't work so I tried to think of something else. When she was close enough I hit her head wth my forehead and got away while she was rubbing her head. I drew my weapon and aimed at her but it was impossible to shoot because my hand was shaing too much from all the adrenaline. The woman shrieked and the exact same moment I heared the door banging downstairs followed by tramping boots on wood. Quicker that I could react the woman thre herself onto me, I heared a bang and was pulled onto my feet. Then, I saw Lestrades shocked face.
"Sherlock Holmes?!", I eclaimed in surprise.
Molly's eyes widened. "A vampire!"
"What do you mean, you found Lara Owen's attacker?", I snarled at Lestrade and leaned against his desk. "Did you question him? Did Lara identify him already?"
"No, of course not", I said soothingly, "But I would like to ask you to inform me about upcoming events, so I can investigate for myself."
"Come, let's continue walking", Hopkins whispered and grabbed my sleeve and pulled me through the streets.
– there was a very popular meta on the links between the two for a while there that can be found here:
what is supposed to happen – John and Mary are supposed to be married for good (until she dies) in canon. A whole load of false endings – new stories superseding old ones. Mofftiss has an idea that there’s a new story that’s going to be told, and our strongest canon divergence is the end of s3, when we get into the EMP – and from thereon in to TAB it’s off the deep end, and the same is seen here. That TV static is talking about a new medium for a new age and their refusal to deal with established canon norms. Just in case we didn’t remember, outside in the porch we even get a visual reminder of the TV static with a second’s flashback to ‘Miss Me?’ Bad news is, that means Sherlock Holmes rejecting the norms he’s been given (feasibly represented by the hyperbolic nuclear family here) and instead… dying in his mind palace. Less fun. Carl Powers died too. Sherlock still hasn’t got there quite yet – let’s hope he doesn’t.
And then, that Thursday, he walked in from work and into the sitting room, as he always did, plonked his bag down and turned, looking for Rosie. And there she was, in the kitchen, wide-eyed at a laboratory experiment. John recognised it immediately from school – it wasn’t particularly dangerous, just a baking soda explosion. Sherlock knew better than to do anything dangerous with one so young, though by the look of the velocity of the eruption John wondered whether Sherlock hadn’t added a couple of extra reactions of his own. Rosie was mesmerised, unable to look away from the bubbling liquid. She was sitting on Sherlock’s lap; he was holding her up so that she could see, rapidly murmuring to her words that John could not hear, words that from anybody else would have been baby talk but from Sherlock John imagined would be chemical reactions. Start her scientific education from the get-go.
. I want to home in, though, on Mycroft’s line about Sherlock, that there’s no prison that he could be incarcerated in. This is a bizarre comment, given the events of TFP – it could just be sloppy writing, sure. Or, again, these inconsistencies are pointing to something else, that Sherrinford isn’t a real place and that Sherlock’s death sentence is not a sentence, but self-imposed.
He looked to the advent wreath. The reflection of the candlelight bounced off Rosie’s forehead, seeming to plant on it a benevolent kiss. Perhaps John imagined it, but he felt such a kiss on his own forehead as well. He breathed a sigh of relief. Whatever happened now, going forward, he hoped he had Mary’s blessing.
And suddenly, things had changed.
to help him parse it. This doesn’t go away when TAB ends! Moving into TST, one of the striking things is that cases are still repeating!
Ajay’s torture is another way of teasing Amo and the English woman, which will come to fruition later in the episode, so we’ll move through to Sherlock’s meeting with Mary. Mary, at this point, is still just Mary, no mirrors, no nothing, as Sherlock tries to work her out. Notice how he acknowledges that he had been too caught up in Moriarty and the pearl. I also think it’s relevant that the building in which Mary chloroforms (camphors?) Sherlock is a church – this is a subconscious reference to the Sherlock-is-murdered metaphor in TSoT (
“If you want him to stay, you have to ask him.”
In case we wanted any more flashing blue light, we see the police sirens flashing in – now as far as I know, police sirens are normally blue and red, but not here. I wonder why. They will be the same, somewhat worryingly, at the end of TFP. Look at how it lights up one half of Sherlock’s face, just like the water did before. Rachel Talalay is really fantastic.
Again, if we weren’t sure about Mycroft representing the brain without the heart, his rejection of the baby photos is sending out a clear message of juxtaposition with John, who represents the heart. We also shouldn’t fail to notice the water coming over Sherlock’s face again as he struggles to recognise what is important about this. This comes as he is trying to recognise what is important about the Thatchers case. I’m going to try to lay it out as best I can here.
The December wind bit at them as they walked, and John could feel his nose redden in the bracing cold. The streets were quiet by the standards of central London, though perhaps this would have seemed busy elsewhere; nevertheless, as they turned a corner John could make out the sound of children shouting and laughing. Break time, he supposed. It must be a school. He had never noticed it before.
He turned away from Sherlock and found Molly Hooper at his elbow. She had escaped from Stamford, it seemed. “John – it’s been ages.”
. To give a brief synopsis (although I would thoroughly recommend this story, not least because it’s incredibly queer) Holmes is engaged by Lady Eva Brackwell (Lady Smallwood in our world) to stop Milverton (Magnussen) from showing her husband some indiscreet letters she wrote to a squire some years ago. Holmes realises he can’t get Milverton under the law, so gets engaged in disguise to Milverton’s housemaid (Janine) in order to break in and burgle him. Watson agrees to come too. When they break in, Milverton is talking to another woman (Mary) who shoots him in revenge for Milverton’s use of information causing her husband’s suicide. She escapes and Holmes and Watson burn all of Milverton’s letters, and then escape. They refuse to help Lestrade solve the murder.
Sherlock had cornered Molly Hooper as she was leaving work to ask about Christmas. Her simultaneous sigh and smile as she placed her lab coat in her locker was characteristic of the rueful exasperation that Sherlock so often saw in her eyes to do with him.
) the Doctor thinks he’s broken out of the final dream but goes back to visit Clara and realises that she is now old, and that he’s missed her life. It culminates in him apologising for getting it wrong, for not coming for her in time, for failing her; we get more of this with Clara’s actual death later in the show, but given that it’s a kid’s show and Christmas, this scene is a touch lighter than that. It’s then that Father Christmas comes in to tell the Doctor that he’s still dreaming, he can still save her – and his first word when he wakes up is “Clara”. None of the others trapped in the dream have needed his help to wake from the vision and survive; Clara, who as the companion is our John mirror, specifically needs saving, and the Doctor needs to wake up from his dream within a dream to do that.
in the 21
The great wooden doors to the stone church swung open as the muffled sound of the organ opened out into a swell, filling the icy air, and Sherlock saw John and Rosie exiting. John’s eyes met his with a sad smile, thanking him for being there. They did not need to say anything. Sherlock took a hold of the pram and the two of them began the long walk home.
John snorted. “Do you remember how you became this annoying?”
A run through of the EMP in HLV - I would recommend having recently viewed HLV for this, or even watching it concurrently with a remote to stop it as it goes along!
Before series 4, we had real!characters and MP!characters set up as distinct entities, particularly in TSoT, which distinguishes between MP!Mycroft (the deducing brain) and real!Mycroft, as well as MP!Irene representing desire and real!Irene, who doesn’t come near the episode. The MP section in TSoT, for a lot of people in the fandom, broke down Sherlock’s psyche into MP!John vs. MP!Mycroft – and John is clearly winning.
parallel which sees him subconsciously making the link to Moriarty. ACDcanon!Moran, unlike bbc!Moran, was the last assassin sent after Sherlock from Moriarty’s network – this means that the dismantling-Moriarty's-network plot from the start of TEH becomes more than a fill-in-the-blanks montage, it means that the show retains its key villain to the end – it structurally
But at the time, John had not realised any of this. He had simply said that it was chilly, that the heating didn’t work properly and that there was no double-glazing, and Mrs. Hudson had said that that was no fit way to raise a child and suddenly he had moved back in with Sherlock.
Well. Early for him. Mrs. Hudson had assured him that the ninth of December was not early, and that he must get on with it right away. And so he sat in his bedroom in Baker Street, thinking. Browsing irritated him. There was too much noise, pushing in on his brain, too many people. He preferred to know what he wanted.
We’re no stranger to dreams within dreams at this stage, but it’s interesting how the saving-the-companion vibe is still going strong here. Ostensibly, that’s not what the episode is about at all – it’s a classic everyone-trapped-on-a-base-working-together episode, but the last five minutes tacked on the end suggests that it’s far more about the Doctor’s relationship with Clara, the episode’s companion, than one might think. In this clip (
As with the previous episode, I would recommend having recently seen TAB for this chapter!
This doesn’t diminish the trauma that Sherlock experiences – one of the things I begrudgingly like about the ending of TFP. Sherlock can’t get rid of the problem and possible danger that is his trauma – but he can stop it from careering to the point of destruction by recognising it, he can learn to live in harmony (see the violin duet) with it, he can accept its existence.  Pushing through that trauma is what makes him able to abandon the plane and (we hope) return to the real world.
(Everybody in the world has commented on the ‘it’s never twins’ line – but to reiterate its importance. Firstly, it’s almost identical to the line in TAB, just with ‘it’s’ instead of ‘it is’. TAB repeats lots of things though, because it’s a dream – well yes, but dreams can’t tell the future. So material from TAB being recycled doesn’t point to TAB being a dream, it points to TST being a continuation of the dream in TAB. The fact that they saw fit to reiterate this line in a series about secret siblings also puts paid to the theory that s4 was plotted in a rush and not in line with previous series – there is a theme here, and they’re pushing it.)
Molly’s father. Sherlock had known he had died, of course, but he had not thought about everything that went with that. He had never really thought about grief until Mary died, not even during his own ‘death’. Which had been a mistake, he had realised afterwards. Grief was something he had always pushed aside in his head, leaving for later. It would come, and he would deal with it then.
We should also pause over Mycroft asking Sherlock whether he’s having a premonition – Mycroft is laughing at the concept of Sherlock being able to envisage the future here, which we should remember when it comes to the frankly ludicrous plot of the next episode. Much like the much commented upon “it’s not like it is in the movies” which is there to undermine TST, this line is here to undermine TLD and point out the fact that it can’t possibly be real.
, probably because their older audience will have no idea what Tumblr is, but also because Twitter is much more mainstream in its appreciation. Twitter takes centre stage in TEH, with #SherlockLives and the scene with the support group. The joke there is about the sheer level of how-did-he-do-it mania that gripped the public – so when we see Twitter again, we should be thinking about an extratextual as well as a textual response to Sherlock, and how Sherlock’s behaviour on Twitter in this episode might caricature the way that he is seen from the outside.)
And so we move to Sherlock relentlessly texting through the birth, through the christening – horrible, ooc behaviour for him if we think back to how emotional he was at the wedding. Importantly, this behaviour is all tied up with his obsessive Tweeting, which in turn links in to how the outside world (i.e. us) perceive Sherlock – is this the Sherlock that people want to see on screen? Doesn’t he feel wrong? Sure, there’s an element of self-critique in there from Mofftiss, but the incorporation of the phone obsession leaves the blame squarely with the audience. In case we couldn’t already feel that Sherlock’s character is way off, we have his Siri loudly say that she can’t understand him.
It was the season.
He had not realised he had been looking at a spot just past John’s head until he finished speaking. He looked back towards John and realised his eyes were swimming with tears, the same tears that Sherlock was blinking back in his own eyes. It felt like several years before John finally spoke.
It's worth pointing out that there are several different versions of EMP theory – I personally subscribe to the idea that this is Sherlock’s mind palace after being shot by Mary, but there are plenty of popular theories on John’s ‘Mind Bungalow’, blog theory, which I don’t want to dismiss out of hand. However, I think the obsession with the figure of Sherlock Holmes and who that might be throughout the fourth series is thematically consistent with it being from Sherlock’s perspective, as is the precedent from TAB.
“Ready.”
. Aeroplanes have an association with death already in this show, and the choice to put Sherlock on a plane rather than lock him up for four minutes or anything equivalent – and probably less expensive to shoot – suggests a deliberate throwback. We’re supposed to think of it as a kind of metal coffin.
The fact that Mary’s real name is not Mary is used to great effect here – it could have just been throwaway, but instead in this scene they actually conceptualise Mary and Rosamund as different people. I read this scene as ‘Mary’ being the name for Watson’s canon wife, and Rosamund being our current Mary – so heart!John saying that he liked Mary is his inability to break with established canon. Simultaneously, however, he says “I used to” – he’s caught in a bind, because that canon breakage is already happening.
– and Eurus points out that her gender is the surprise at the end of TLD. Eurus is also an opposite-sex mirror for John and for Sherlock at various points and this allows Sherlock to approach their relations from a heterosexual standpoint and thus interrogate them – more on that later. So gender-swapping is a theme that runs through the show a lot. But the similarity to TAB in particular is important here, because in TAB that was our first obvious declaration that this wasn’t just a mirror to be analysed by the tumblr crowd, this was a mirror on the superficial level that had to be broken through. This callback to TAB is a callback to the mirrored dreamscape. Don’t believe me? Look at what happens next. The second Sherlock sees Thatcher the whole room not only goes underwater, but actually starts to shake – another throwback to recognising that Emelia was Moriarty, when the whole room shakes and the elephant in the room smashes. So, again, we’re being told that this isn’t about this case – it’s about something else, and that something is the elephant in the room. Just like the shaking smashes the elephant in the room, the shaking is what tells us about the smashed bust of Margaret Thatcher. Margaret Thatcher, whose laws on “promoting homosexuality” were infamous. Smashing the elephant in the room and Thatcher simultaneously between 2015, the 1980s and 1895 is hitting the history of British homophobia for the last hundred years summed up as quickly as possible, and tearing it down through Sherlock’s self-exploration. This is a good fucking show.
This is particularly poignant in light of the opening and closing shots of TLD. Although there’s the fucky not-blood red that fills the screen at the end of TLD, apart from that the shots of Norbury shooting Mary and Therapist!Eurus shooting John are
“Christ – schools for Rosie. Mary was looking at that before she died. I haven’t even though about it since.”
John took his chance after he had put Rosie to bed that Sunday night. He had calmed his nerves with a tot of whisky, attributing it to Christmas and hoping Sherlock had believed him. Sherlock declined the alcohol with a small smile, but that did not dissuade John. He knew he would need it.
John seemed taken aback. “Oh. Alright. Great. Thanks, Sherlock. Mate. It means a lot.”
. It’s about a gay love affair that ends in one participant killing the other. Take from that what you will, when John’s extramarital affection is making him suicidal and Sherlock comatose. Meanwhile, the title of
“I’m going to assume you meant that generously,” Sherlock said drily. “The last time somebody called me that, I narrowly avoided getting punched.”
Once Sherlock has been shot, the Molly/Anderson/Jim/Mycroft section which sets up EMP is fairly self-explanatory – the only thing I want to dive into here to point out is that this is the first appearance of Jim in the EMP, as a kind of restrained beast, and his most pivotal line is the fear he represents:
Another similar moment comes when Sherlock says he knows exactly what Moriarty is going to do next – how? And, more to the point, it becomes hugely obvious that he doesn’t. Yet, for the first time in history, he feels happy to sit back and wait on Moriarty, because he knows that what will come will come. This insistence that the future will take its course as it needs to might draw our minds ahead to the frankly ridiculous reliance on predictions that we see in TLD – however, it should also draw our minds across to
Sherlock’s deduction about Norbury here, however, can’t straightforwardly apply to Mary – remember, he knows nothing about Mary’s prior life. This, again, is where TAB comes in – this moment is beautifully metatextual. TAB has set up the train of thought about people who were forgotten by history, and put in women as a mirror for queer people – but in this sense, Mary’s canon divergence is important, because the Mary of the original stories was never allowed to be interesting. Sherlock’s biting comments about Norbury’s ‘little life’ are vicious and completely out of character – think of the interest with which he treats Jeff Hope in ASiP, even a slight sympathy, for another ‘proper genius’ who’s been ignored. Sherlock’s bitterness here is personal. He’s talking about the exclusion of the real Mary from the stories that we saw partially rectified in TAB, whereas in the stories she had a ‘little life’ – but also, using Mary is allowing his subconscious to work away at the fact that the same thing happened to him. His queerness forced him to live a similarly ‘little life’, pining for a lost love much like Norbury, and also buying a cottage down south in the stories (although in Sussex). Canon divergence is working for both Mary and Sherlock here, and he’s trying to understand it through Norbury – the one giveaway is the pain brilliantly infecting Cumberbatch’s voice here. Even if we can’t superficially understand why, we know that this is personal.
[Crack/tenuous theory: when Sherlock asks John if he is the king of England in s3, in the drunk knee grope scene, this shows that his brain’s control over his emotions have slipped; references to the queen in relation to Mycroft before have shown that Sherlock does know about the royal family, so this has to metaphorically refer to his own psyche and letting go of his brain’s anti-emotion side. Like I say, crack. But I believe it.]
Yet the panic continued to rise in his chest as his stomach sank lower and lower. If he loved Sherlock, what did that mean for Rosie? In his wildest dreams, dreams of Baker Street until their creaking bodies could no longer stand the London air, would he raise his daughter in the lifestyle of a detective? Would her uncle be the British government? Would she feel her father had abandoned her mother – would she think of her mother at all? Or would she resent her father – her other father – for taking her place?
Chapter 8 – Dream a Little Dream of Me: parallels with Doctor Who
“Right – so a Christmas tree.”
The metaphor of height/going to heaven.
, and this, we’re led to believe, is the moment when Amy chooses Rory. I don’t believe this. The Doctor/Rory conflict goes on for a lot longer than this, and it’s far too early in their first series to resolve it. It would leave a lot of later episodes without nearly so much tension. It’s true that Amy does have some agency in choosing – the science is questionable, as the Doctor says they’ve all tapped into some space LSD equivalent from an unmentioned offscreen adventure which has induced a mutual psychic trance, which means that we’re not sure how much agency each of the characters has in this dream. It’s not seeded, and so it sounds like a fudge – deliberately. Because a pseudoscientific explanation like this can’t explain the Dream Lord himself, Amy and Rory point out, and the Doctor admits that the Dream Lord, the architect of the dreams themselves, was actually the Doctor’s psyche. The space LSD sounded like a fudge – and Amy and Rory expose that it wasn’t just a fudge on Moffat’s part, it was a fudge on the Doctor’s part.
“What about Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, unable to stop a cheeky smile from playing at his lips.
Rosie was crying. She had been crying, it seemed, for the last hundred years. John had tried feeding her, changing her, anything and everything he could think of, and still she wailed. He heard the door click to Sherlock’s bedroom with a wince. Sherlock had a case, an eight, he had informed John over breakfast, and had shut himself in his room all morning to do research. John had occasionally heard the voices of Scotland Yard personalities he knew through the wall when he went past – video calls, presumably, though what they thought of the screaming baby John did not know. He did not want Sherlock to think he had agreed to domesticity with the Watsons too soon.
John hadn’t touched an advent wreath since he was a kid, but in Sherlock’s peculiar drive to make things Christmassy it was one of the far too many items overspilling the Baker Street mantlepiece. John did not mind this; Sherlock’s panicked kindness and overcompensation for the Christmas that should have been, Rosie’s first Christmas with her mum, had led to the brightest Baker Street John had ever seen, even if in number alone the decorations were beginning to look gaudy. Sherlock’s own sense of taste had stopped anything too twee, saccharin or annoying from making it into the house, and John was glad for the lack of bells or other noise-making decorations which he remembered from childhood Christmases as deeply irritating. An advent wreath was much more in line with Sherlock’s sense of propriety.
“And Molly didn’t need this food why?” I asked. Jane shrugged her shoulders and slid the chicken into the oven.
“Oh. Well, I hope you have fun.” He said. I smiled and said my thanks before turning away. He was nice, I guess. At one point I might have called him cute but after some issues at work I tended to avoid him. I walked down the aisle, scanning rows of spices. I picked up a small can of paprika and put it in the basket. Thanksgiving was not far though I doubted Sherlock and I would have a proper one. I went back to frozen food and piled different microwavable foods into the basket. After I checked out, I went back to the flat.
“My Nans”
“Not if she reports it.”
“And now?”
“Jewel Wilkins.” She said, taking a sip of the water. “My Mom and Dad keep fighting and they’re going to take my sister away.” She told us. Surprising enough, she didn’t cry as most seven year olds might. It was a lot harder to deduce children, having so much parent influence made it hard to differentiate child from parent.
“She was definitely dead and it looked like overdose.” I said. “Her eyes were small and slightly yellowed. They put her on top of the dining table and there was food all over the floor. She’d been dead all night.” Sherlock thought, sinking into himself.
“Watson! Where were you?” He said, throwing up his arms.
“I had some this morning.” I explained sliding down into my chair.
“No. You murdered Jenny Harrow before she planned to leave you.” I told him. His eyes flicked around.
“Who knows. All we know if that their descriptions match pretty much to the letter.” Lestrade said, pulling out yet another folder. This one was colored, with notes attached to various pages. It was much thicker than the others. He handed it over and I flipped it over and was met by a picture of Jane from the military.
Lestrade came and picked him up. He informed me that the company had been arrested and shut down after finding drugs that induced shock. I walked back into the flat and noticed that Jane was still sleeping. Her sleeping was restless, the effects would wear off soon. I left her on the couch and headed to my room.
Janes POV
“Three?”
Jane’s POV
“How have you not heard of me!?”
“She reported it and brought it in.” Lestrade finally said, “That is two days after she found it.”
“Yes, under a rose bush in the neighbors garden. Obviously an ametuer. He left fingerprints on it.” He joked, laughing to himself.
“You know, Mycroft did leave you a case.” She pointed out.
“I own very nice things.”
“David.” Sherlock spat. “What a goldfish.” I smirked at him, for once we had similar opinions. I’d tried to balance Sherlock and some of my old “friends”, and in the end, I just let them go. It was worth it in the end, though David seemed to feel the most wounded at the fact I no longer wanted to be associated with him. I opened my laptop and clicked through emails, most of them spam. I’d changed my email and phone number several times after some fan kept getting hold of them. Sherlock picked up the violin and began to play. I admired the way that he played and had no doubt that with their family that Mycroft also had some secret talent other than being annoying.
“Oops.” He muttered. I turned back around and went back into the kitchen, setting the cup in the sink. A mound of dishes were beginning to pile up in the sink. He wasn’t sorry and for someone as observant as he was, he seemed to miss the small, insignificant things. Like the earth rotating around the sun. I laughed to myself, picking up the kettle. The water was already cold and I poured it down the drain, putting the tea bags away. There wouldn’t be any more tea this morning I thought, disappointed. I passed Sherlock as he examined the fingernails, mumbling something about how long it takes them to blacken.  I walked up the stairs to my room. My cane still sat to my bed, though each day I found it easier to get up and move without it. I guess it was a psychological injury. At least somewhat. I hadn’t had a panic attack in a while. Where I thought I would be nervous looking at a dead body, I found a strange confidence and strength. It was both scary and enlightening, it has been a while since I felt that I was useful.
“Did the scans show the health of the body?” I asked. Halle walked and picked up the pad she’d dropped to catch Jane.
“I’m sorry, I’ve got to go.” I stuttered. She reached out and dumped the contents of the glass down my front.
“Give this to Ms. Watson will you?” He asked, setting on the corner of the table.
“They really do let anyone in these things now.” “Yes, I think that’s Mr. Holmes plus one.” “Mycroft Holmes?!” “No, the other one, Sherlock.” “Why would he bring her, though I heard….” I continued to walk. I was almost used to the whispers, the insults, the unneeded commentary. Sherlock had, of course, disappeared. I sighed. At this point I just wanted to leave and we hadn’t even been there for an hour. After a half and hour of looking, I found Sherlock. He was still standing near the group but was pulled off to the side. He was talking with Elana who was wearing a suggestive, skimpy dress. I rolled my eyes and worked my way around the crowd. When I got close, Sherlock had said something to offend her.
“You disappeared again.” I said, setting the violin down.
“For everything.”
“You made him cry!”
“No.” I said.
“Come in!” She called from the otherside of the door. I stepped into the flat. It was a clean, one bedroom apartment. The walls were pretty bare, a couple of photos were on a small table by small couch. There was a small coffee table that worked as a kitchen table though it only had three chairs around it. A white kitchen glistened in the back. Jane disappeared into her room, a bundle of laundry in her arms. She came back and stopped in the doorway, leaning against the frame. She was taller now, her hair was longer. She looked older, wearing a pair of jeans rolled up to the ankle and a dark green sweater. I gulped, for once feeling unnerved. For all the time I’d spent with her, I never found her hard to deduce. Though she always told me not to, I didn’t think it mattered much anymore.
“Well I know that, and you know perfectly well what I mean.” He snapped. I folded up the paper and grabbed the laptop.
“I know. I don’t think I saw any of her movies…” I started
[Address]
Jane shrugged her shoulders, “Then you better find something.” She drank some of the tea and put the cup on the table beside her chair. I picked up a knife from a table and threw it at the wall. “Sherlock…” Jane started. I yanked it from the wall and threw it again. “Sherlock!” She said, raising her voice, I turned, grabbed the knife and threw it into the wall. She physically flinched though the knife was nowhere near her. I inwardly made a note not to throw knives near someone with PTSD. She stood from her chair, disrupting the teacup sitting on the table causing it to shatter on the floor. Jane looked at me credulously before bending down and picking up the shards of glass off the floor. She turned, went into the kitchen and I picked up the knife, throwing it one more time into the wall before leaving it there. She came back into the room fully composed. “Sherlock. You can’t go around throwing knives.” She said.
“I was shot.” I said.
“Jane Watson.” I said, nodding towards her and her companion. They giggled and looked between each other.
“Shut it Anderson.” I said. I opened the envelope and looked at the files inside, a couple of recorders laying at the bottom.
“Go to the front of the plane.” I instructed. “Do you see anything that looks like a break, or emergency button ot maybe a radio?” Panicking a little
“And the body?”
“I was waiting for him to pull out his gun so I’d have an excuse to break his wrist.” I said. Sherlock smirked and looked at me.
“I’m starting to think you’re not.” He stated, casting a glance in Mycroft's direction. Static came back over the intercom and the little girl's voice once again came over the screen.
“Army?” I asked.
“Panic Attack.” I said. Halle nodded and looked up at me.
“The family is being overly protective. They want an open casket funeral and think we’re doing to tamper of deface the body.” He said, rubbing his hand over his face.
“And the gift?”
I heard a door open behind me and turned. The door was open and a man was standing there. As they approached their features changed. A young man, wearing an army uniform was standing in front of me.
“Ferril Family organising family funds after the sister accused the brother of stealing part of her inheritance. No murder, but the family went bankrupt after the brother revealed he was being blackmailed.” I told him.
Skipping past more bust breakages, the next scene is John and Mary in bed together – and the first thing we see is them, once again, in a mirror. There’s nothing wrong with this mirror (as far as I can tell) – everything seems to be in order! But it doesn’t break the theme of mirrors misreflecting, because this is the scene that introduces unreliable narration on a big level – this is the scene which deliberately excludes John’s texts to E. John and Eurus are gone into in another chapter so we’ll move on again.
century.
Chapter 10 – Oh No Love, You’re Not Alone [TLD 2/2]
Janine being a symbol here helps me to make sense of the couple of lines that didn’t make sense to me otherwise. If Janine were real, getting rid of the bees would be awful – she gets the future our boys want and she destroys it. But if she’s a symbol in Sherlock’s mind of that bearding, and a barrier to waking up and saving John, then her sitting there, pushing him back into a coma and tearing away the future he longs for – that makes a lot of sense, and is 100% more devastating. The other line that has never made sense to me is Janine telling Sherlock that he could have just been honest with her, that she knows what kind of man he is.
It was not like that Christmas at Baker Street, with Irene Adler, when John had been brimming over with jealousy and Sherlock had played the violin for hours into the night, unable to articulate his pain.
! But now – on with the show.
I’m certainly not the first to point out that Faith!Eurus is a mirror for John, nor will I be the last – people jumped on it pretty much as soon as TLD aired. There are a few good reasons for this. Firstly, she walks with a cane, a throwback to ASiP – in case we’d forgotten, however, Sherlock has a flashback to John walking with a cane to make the link explicit. We are supposed to link these two characters, the authors are saying pretty clearly. Faith!Eurus is also suicidal, which John was at the start of ASiP, as made clear by the fact he carried a gun – and Faith!Eurus does the same. Sherlock also takes her out for food (for more on the food/sex metaphor, see here
However, I want to suggest that Sherlock’s psyche isn’t nearly so straightforward as a tug of war between the brain and the heart. Whilst MP!Mycroft undoubtedly represents the oppressively reasonable part of Sherlock’s psyche, that’s not the only thing repressing him – it can’t be. If it were simply a rejection of ‘sentiment’, this wouldn’t be the powerful queer love story we know it to be – there is a lot more internalised homophobia being dealt with than just love being illogical.
Rosie gurgled at him as he placed them around the room; the ornamental crib, the fake holly, the fir cones and coloured candles. He could not bring himself to defile the workspace that was the kitchen with them, but the sitting room felt very spruce by the time he had finished with it. He toyed with placing some in John’s room, for Rosie, but he had not been in there since John moved back in. There were never any boundaries before the fall; now, with John grieving, it felt like a private space, closed off to Sherlock. So he left it.
shows self-awareness from within the narrative that there are extranarrative stories being played out. I’ve said before that I don’t think Thatcher and Napoleon are a good comparison; whether it is or not, Craig’s reference is actively pulling a metatextual part of Sherlock’s history into his story and forcing him to reckon with it. This is important, because he develops expectations of how this story is going to play out (black pearl of the Borgias) which are wrong – because they’re based on what he has learned to expect of himself as fictional character. We could only have such a reference within the Mind Palace.
This was never intended to be a chapter by itself, but having seen @tjlcisthenewsexy’s fantastic video on Wholock parallels here
Let your heart be light.
John often represents the heart in Sherlock’s MP – I haven’t quite worked out how to distinguish between heart!John and Sherlock’s imagined John yet, and am flying on instinct, which is definitely not sustainable! But it strikes me that a lot about HLV and TST is about understanding the impact of this shooting on John, and that therefore this needs to be John as Sherlock imagines him.
An important note, therefore, is that John in this moment is one of the only times we see hypothesis!John rather than heart!John – because Sherlock is trying to understand the danger John is in. It is truly heartbreaking to hear Martin Freeman’s cries here, and the more so to imagine that this is Sherlock’s dying understanding of what John is going through.
A table that also seems to have a cup of tea on it, which represents queer desire. This is the reason he can’t let it go, although his subconscious is still talking to him in symbols. Another important aesthetic is Mycroft looking at the 13
Mary had liked Sherlock, he reminded himself. She had not come between them the way that every other girlfriend had; she had not competed for John’s attention. She had accepted that Sherlock was a part of John’s life and had become another. She had been sharp as a knife, able to respond to Sherlock’s barbed wit in a way that no one but Mycroft could. She had accompanied them on cases, hacked into networks with them, been a third chair at Baker Street even when John had long moved out. She and Sherlock had slotted together like siblings; yes, there had been friction, and one particularly low point which had marred their relationship, a moment which John could not forget. But if he were to move on, he thought, he could not think of anyone Mary would rather John moved on for.
Despite his surprising insistence on Christmas decorations, John found that Sherlock was far from keen on Father Christmas. Every time John brought him up, Sherlock’s response was simply that he did not exist. John could not reason with him.
Sherlock waited until John had put Rosie to bed before he spoke to him. He could not do it with Rosie in the room. She raised too many emotions in him – everything in her screamed of the future he dreamed of, the future he could never have. It would be easier just with John.
). Magnussen doesn’t seem to even have a bruise, despite being battered by Mary’s gun.
Sherlock knew he should not have burst out at John the day prior, but he could not bring himself to properly apologise. Since talking to Mummy, everything had become much more urgent. She had put a countdown on the question, somehow. Stay with me. He knew the words, knew he could say it. Or perhaps the politer, more open, would you perhaps…? And yet, John’s words from a few days ago kept echoing around his head.
match the shot in HLV, although admittedly that one’s not in the MP – it does strike me, however, that the sounds are reversed – HLV sounds like a dart, whereas the MP shots sound like bullets. If anyone has any thoughts on that, do let me know – it has me flummoxed for the moment. If you want meta explaining why the shot from TST is the same as HLV, Chapter 7 is here X, and I’m certainly not the first to hypothesise this. For me, the TLD shot being the same is therefore a logical extension.]
The original founders’ post is here and great
But he did not let himself think about unless. Ever since 2010, unless had been the unthinkable. It was madness to think otherwise now.
Chapter 11 – The Importance of Being Earnest [TFP 1/3]
The parallel dream!verses created broadly represent John’s dilemma from TST, and if we followed
the great Sherlock Holmes of the last hundred years, we have to get under and beyond Jim. Hence what we’re about to see. It’s not Jim, it’s Mary – and this is in very real terms, because Mary’s assassination attempt on Sherlock has left John in danger – but Sherlock won’t put the pieces together until the end of this episode, as we will see.
He wondered whether John had thought of any of this. After Mary had died, John had moved back in to Baker Street; it had taken a few weeks, but he had realised that he was unable to cope on his own. It had been a quiet move back in; they had not really discussed it, how long it would go on. Sherlock preferred it that way. Subdued and reticent though John was now, it meant that he could see these days with him as stretching ahead into infinity, although in his heart he understood that they would not. Rosie would grow, and would outgrow the room she shared with her father. They would move out and on whilst Sherlock stayed at Baker Street.
) where the protagonist, Cooper, outlines a dream in which the Dalai Lama spoke to him and gave him the power to use magic to solve mysteries. Fans of
This room is lit warmly, quite the opposite to the dark watery colours that we see inside most of this episode – most of the waters take place in Sherlock’s brain, and are epitomised by Mycroft’s office, whereas this scene is warm, the colours one might expect of hearth and home, as heart!John takes precedence for the first time. However, notice the grating and the pattern of light that spreads itself softly over the characters’ clothing – it’s much less obvious than in Mycroft’s office, but it’s still the same chequered pattern. As we move in to TFP and John and Mycroft are tied together, rather than moving apart, we’re going to see that increasingly they are two sides of the same coin, heart and brain. You’ll notice, though, that Mycroft’s grating pattern is more like a chessboard – it’s binary and simplistic, black squares and empty space for white light. The patterns of light in this scene, particularly as we move into the Ajay confrontation, become more complicated – the light is let through in swirls as well as grates, as though heart!John is allowing for much more complexity than brain!Mycroft – which seems to be right, given how much more difficult Sherlock finds Happy Families than chess.
It had, he supposed. He nodded agreement. “You doing alright?”
So, his plane comes back to the runway – still in his mind palace, of course, but coming down. TAB – of which more on later – seems to be about the return of Moriarty, and Sherlock puzzling through it, which is jarringly absent from TST and TLD if you’re reading it on a surface level – it takes TAB for Sherlock to puzzle through this and to pull him down from death, as he comes to understand the Moriarty threat. This all sounds pretty vague – the TAB chapter will deal with it in more detail. For now, let’s move on to the other places where the height/heaven metaphor comes into s4.
That’s it this time! I’ll see you for our next chapter.
One key similarity that
“Of course you can stay.”
And suddenly John was pulling him into his arms, into a deep kiss, the most passionate Sherlock had ever experienced. They kissed fiercely and softly, with the ardour of all the lost years and the tenderness of the soft glow of the fire behind them. Sherlock could not have said how long the kiss lasted, for seconds or minutes or longer. When they finally pulled apart, he gazed down into John’s deep brown eyes.
Sherlock did not respond – could not respond. He blinked back the tears furiously.
There’s something that I really don’t understand here, though, which I think is important – Sherlock drugging the family with the help of Wiggins. This motif of drugging is something which comes back time and again to represent Sherlock’s repression – but here he’s not drugged. Wiggins is also a symbol of repression, but again he’s completely sober. Any thoughts on this would be much appreciated – I don’t like loose ends, and I don’t believe that another use of drugs is insignificant!
are the right things. The fact that Toby reaches a dead end here is important – he’s a weird loose end to have hanging through the episode. When things in
. If we’re looking for dreams, this episode really goes above and beyond. The premise is that there is an alien species called the dream crab which latches onto your face and dissolves your brain whilst putting you in a dream so that you don’t notice. To make this more confusing, it often places dreams within dreams to confuse you – whilst you’re dying. This episode came out on Christmas Day 2014, so a year after series 3 aired but before TAB, so in Sherlock-time we’ve just entered the mind palace. The title,
, there’s a lot more to unpack there, but I’m going to leave that for sometime down the line, or for someone else to jump into if they would like. I also want to throw out a thought I haven’t quite come to terms with yet – the elephant in the room in
“What do you want for Christmas?”
“Peace offering.”
), but I want to reiterate the basic framework, because it still makes a lot of sense. Jim represents the fear of John’s suicide, and Jim can only be defeated by Sherlock and John together, not one alone – and crucially, calling each other by first names, which would have been very intimate in the Victorian era. After Jim is “killed”, we have Sherlock’s fall. The concept of a fall (as in IOU a fall) has long been linked with falling in love in tjlc. Sherlock tells John that it’s not the fall that kills you, it’s the landing, something that Jim has been suggesting to him for a while. What is the landing, then? Well, Sherlock Holmes fell in love back in the Victorian era, symbolised by the ultra repressive 1895, and that’s where he jumps from – but he
This episode is the culmination of a series in which Amy is actually an almost-person, and Amy has been dreaming all of their adventures with a flesh avatar actually having them with Rory and the Doctor. Here it is Amy, rather than the Doctor, who is dreaming, which is a little ambiguous, but there are two key aspects that parallel
Sherlock was immersed in Gray’s Anatomy when he detected the change in John’s voice. John spoke to Sherlock frequently when he was reading, and Sherlock filtered much of it out. Often it was nonsense, conversation for the sake of it, and he suspected that John was grateful for Sherlock’s judicious choice of what to respond to. Theirs was a friendship that throve on a mutual, comfortable silence, after all. But this time John spoke, his voice was different somehow.
as a John mirror, and just because she is dressed as a man here doesn’t mean we should disregard this. If anything, her ridiculous moustache is as silly as John’s here! Molly, although really a member of the resistance, is able to pass in the world she moves in in 1895, but only by masking her own identity. This is exactly what happens to John in the Victorian era – as a bisexual man married to a woman, he is able to pass, but it is not his true identity. More than that, Molly is a member of the resistance, suggesting not just that John is queer but that he’s aware of it and actively looking for it to change.
John had first moved out of the flat he had once shared with Mary because of the cold.
“No.”
One thing that several meta-writers have pointed out is that Ella’s office is… fucky. It’s not the same office as John repeatedly visits outside the MP – it’s possible that Ella has moved premises, but it’s a weird thing to draw such obvious attention to by the weirdness of the room. This isn’t a subtle change, like John and Mary’s place, it’s a really dissonant one, and the oddness of the room pulls our attention towards a character and space that by rights belong in the background of the story. It’s a really odd move – and that’s why I’m so convinced that it’s important.
My aims from this meta:
they explain that Santa is a warning that your brain is sending you, picking the most unbelievable thing possible so that you know you’re trapped, dying in your brain. Santa Claus? Well, it’s a kid’s show, and it’s Christmas. But if I were picking a dream siren to tell me I was dying, I like to think that my subconscious would pick the glowing skull on the wall; without explanation, it’s an awful lot more direct.
Both of these are very conscious remodellings of old characters. Much was made of Matt Smith being the youngest Doctor ever (26!), and Cumberbatch’s youth set him apart from the Rathbone/Brett image in everybody’s heads. There’s something young and modern here – but both still dress like they’re slightly ‘out of their time’, which of course they are. Coming to terms with modernity is the central challenge that Sherlock is going to have to face. And then, of course, there’s the hair – instantly recognisable to the character in both cases, yet remarkably similar.
features in TEH, other than that it is the moment when Sherlock comes back. Others have commented on the minor relevance of Moran to the story and hypothesised that Mary is the real Moran – I think that the facade scene presents that as a genuine possibility. I don’t want to overstate the similarities that
The second of December had been Mary’s birthday, and although John did not attend church, except for Christmas and Easter – it’s what people do, Sherlock ¬– he had made an exception for today. He and Rosie had gone to visit Mary’s headstone that morning, followed by a short Mass. Rosie was too young to understand, of course, but it was important that she did. The second of December would be an important day in her life.
You’ll also notice that Sherlock is alone in the room, just for a second, when he has his Thatcher revelation – everybody else vanishes. Again, we’re seeing that the rest of the case is an illusion, providing just enough storytime to keep the audience believing in the dream, and possibly Sherlock too.
Chapter 3 – Death Cannot Stop True Love [HLV 1/1]
And then, almost without meaning to, John leant over and planted a kiss on Sherlock’s head.
As you can all tell, I'm sure, I still can't add images to ao3, which is entirely my own incompetence. You can contact me for the word doc, or you can find it on my tumblr blog if you want the images too. They don't add much, however, as my own incompetence stopped me finding images for all the moments I wanted to!
“About that –“ John cut in, turning scarlet in the dim firelight. “It wasn’t – I didn’t mean to offend you –“
But Sherlock was already pulling off his trademark blue scarf and wrapping it around John’s neck, tucking it into his woollen jumper. John did not have expensive tastes, and the soft touch of cashmere would normally have felt slightly alien, even discomfiting in all of its luxury. But somehow today it felt just like home.
, which only takes place in ACD canon, but even if you think that link is tenuous, he’s also engaged with his canon future as a beekeeper in Sussex. And then, on top of this, there is the problem of Mary versus the housemaid from
“John – ever since I met you – life has been… different. Um…” He wasn’t explaining this very well – he was never normally lost for words, and was struggling with the new experience. “John – when you kissed my head, last night –“
At some point I want to do a drag in Sherlock meta, because I think there’s a lot more to it than meets the eye, but Jim in a bride’s dress does draw one obvious drag parallel for me.
“Do you mean that?”
And yet. The problem with kisses was they leant themselves to hope. Sherlock could still feel the patch of skin John’s lips had brushed, lit up electric by his touch. He ran his fingers through his hair, lingering over that special space. He could not go on like this, he knew, longing after John, averting his gaze every time John looked his way. John’s kiss had been casual, brotherly; it drove home the imbalance in their relationship. He could not live with a man whose every glance he longed for, whose every touch sent unrequited sparks through him. Rosie could not grow up with a man who had ulterior designs on her father. Sherlock knew all of this, but last night had brought it into focus somehow. John’s carelessness with his affection was like a knife in Sherlock’s gut.
John laughed, helping him to arrange the quilts to keep Rosie warm for her first Christmas film night. Suggested by Mrs. Hudson, of course, though she had double-booked her date with Mr. Chatterjee. She would approve of the film, John thought. Plus, it was a window into Sherlock’s childhood, and an amusing one at that; he enjoyed the thought of a teenage Sherlock and Mycroft rebelling against their parents’ choice of film. The thought of a teenage Mycroft alone was funny. “Come on then, it’s starting,” said John, flicking over to BBC2 as a young Judy Garland stepped out of a terribly quaint horse and carriage. “This had better be good.”
is the defining film in terms of the navigating-the-surreal-psyche subgenre, and so the structural parallels between the two are significant – and definitely point to the idea that Sherlock hasn’t woken up at the end of TAB, which is important. But we don’t need to take this parallel as evidence; there’s plenty of that in the episode itself. Let’s jump in.
Rosie would not remember her mother. Both of them knew that, and both of them would make sure Mary was remembered. But going forward, no matter what else happened in their crazy life, she had two fathers who loved her more than anything. Except, perhaps, each other.
“Do you know how long I’ve waited for this?”
Basil Rathbone is one of the most iconic Sherlock Holmes actors on film, and Benedict’s costume in TAB and in particular the big overcoat look are very reminiscent of Rathbone.
Moving on – before we go back to Baker Street, there’s a shot of the outside – that features a mirror, reflecting back on 221B in a distorted, twisted way. Another mirror that is wrong – we’re reflecting in an alternate reality. These images keep popping up. It’s echoed in Sherlock’s deduction a few seconds later – by the side of his chair is what looks like either a car mirror or a magnifying glass, possibly the one from the Charlie scene, distorting his arm. It’s placed to look like a magnifying glass, whether it is or not, which ties in with the classic image of Holmes – but that image is distorted, remember.
It’s the moment when the door is coming down and you only have a few seconds to get under it, otherwise you die. Indiana Jones famously goes back for his hat. That one. That’s what the space under the partition looks like. Sherlock, thinking he’s solved the case of Norbury and therefore Mary (more in Chapter 7 X) is ready to pop off – he’s nearly gone. But in a moment of self-interrogation – making sure he got everything right, that John’s safe now – he realises he isn’t, and so he comes down. That sinking downwards is represented by the water imagery, as he sinks deep into his subconscious – LSiT has written a fantastic meta on water in S4 which you can read here
This is trauma, however, and Sherlock can’t process it in full – hence why the image of John that breaks in is shaky, and Sherlock tries to push it out of his head. It’s also why Faith!Eurus, who in Sherlock’s subconscious could take any form, specifically takes the form of a woman. His gay trauma means that he first has to process John’s suicidal ideation in a heterosexual dynamic, before fully grasping and applying it to his relationship with John. (Chapter 9 X explains how that plays out over the rest of TLD in full detail.)
John grinned at him. “She’s not bad, is she?”
shows that he’s no great innovator – he simply notices things and spots patterns from things he has seen before. This is highlighted by the fact that he even makes this claim by quoting someone before him. If our Sherlock also makes deductions based on patterns from the past, extensive dream sequences where he works through past cases as mirrors for present ones makes perfect sense and draws very cleverly on canon. However, I think his spotting of patterns goes deeper than that. Sherlock Holmes has been repressed since the publication of
Water tells us we’re sinking deep into Sherlock’s mind, as discussed in a previous chapter. Water imagery is going to be hugely prevalent in TST, but I want to talk quickly about the subtle hints at water even when we’re not in a giant fuck-off aquarium. Take a look at the rattle scene (which always sparks joy). When we get a side angle that shows both Sherlock and Rosie, there’s a black chest of some description behind Rosie – the top is glowing slightly blue, for reasons I can’t fathom. Then we’re going to cut to a shot of Rosie – despite seeing only a second before that there is nothing on her head, there is a glow of blue on it that looks almost like a skullcap. Cut back to Sherlock getting a rattle in the face, and the mirror is glowing the same blue colour behind him. This is all fucky, and it’s a fuckiness which is aesthetically tied to the waters of Sherlock’s mind perfectly. It suggests that Rosie isn’t real, but more important is the mirror. Earlier on I pointed out how the mirror was showing the wrong reflection; here, the mirror is glowing blue, linking it thematically to Sherlock’s subconsciousness. Visually, we’re being hinted at the process of self-reflection that’s going on in Sherlock’s brain – and the opening of TST is showing him getting it terribly wrong. Note that when the mirror jolted right earlier, Sherlock was proclaiming that it had been the wrong thumb – god knows what thumbs have to do with this, but there’s a question of shifting perception on his person, like he’s trying to locate himself.
And then John. Last Christmas, the gifts he and John had exchanged had been meagre, impersonal. On John’s part, Sherlock had deduced an awkwardness; Sherlock had been shot by Mary, and caught in these divided loyalties, trying to figure the whole damn thing out, John’s present had betrayed his distraction. Christmas generally had been lacklustre on that front, at least until Billy and Sherlock had drugged most members of the gathering. Sherlock’s gift to John had been equally impersonal that year; it could conceivably have been attributed to the same distractedness as John’s, but it had not been. It had been a deliberate distancing of himself from the unhappy couple. Sherlock had known from the moment he left the wedding early that it had to happen, and his relapse shortly after had only proven it to himself. He could not function seeing John like that every day. Not just unhappy; this had been long before Mary had shot Sherlock. Married.
John had woken determined to explain himself to Sherlock, but he had forgotten that today they had guests. Sherlock had launched into the preparation of the meal and drinks with more gusto than usual, bustling around in a manner that was incredibly like his mother, but also conveniently meant that he could not be stopped in conversation. Before John knew it, their guests were upon them: Sherlock’s parents, Harry, Clara, Molly, Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Mike and even Mycroft, whose parents’ affectionate terming of him ‘Myc’ was causing much confusion with a slightly squiffy Stamford.
I amused myself whilst writing this meta by coming up with referential chapter titles – the song to title this chapter can be found here! (
. Whilst Westley’s hair in that film horribly resembles my lockdown hair, more happily the fantastic movie
It was hard to believe that a year had passed.
“Fine.” She nodded over to Sherlock. “His nibs seems pretty miserable. You can’t cheer him up?”
John shivered. Perhaps it was time to look at that flat after all.
The scene transition where all of the glass breaks and then we cut to a background of what looks like blue water is a motif that runs through this entire episode – we’re smashing down walls in Sherlock’s mind, most particularly the Thatcher wall of 1980s homophobia, and indeed the first picture we see is that of the smashed bust.
connection between the other characters that is important, like in TAB. The use of the word ‘always’ is really important here – it’s not saying that time travel is possible in dreams in the Whoniverse, but that it has always been possible. There’s an implication here that before time travel was invented, in a non science fiction world, dreams can still do this – and that’s what helps us to jump across to TAB.
Sherlock comes pretty high on my list of top TV shows, but currently
John felt the bottom drop out of his stomach. Next year. Said so casually. He swallowed, took a breath. One Christmas at a time. Sherlock did not seem to notice John’s stumble, and he quickly composed himself. “What else is on? Look, here’s one on the BBC – an old one. 1944. There can’t be anything inappropriate in that.”
– and it’s vital here in linking our real Sherlock back to the stories, as though to say that he is hidden in there somewhere.
seen a room partitioned like this, and nor has anyone I’ve shown the image to – again, it draws attention to itself. If the creative team had wanted us to take this scene at face value, they would have put Ella in an office. This is not a psychiatrist’s office. The partitions mean that it isn’t even private.
“You probably did,” John reasoned. “You just worked him out when you were three or something, and so you don’t remember.”
“He doesn’t want you to leave, you know. I don’t want to get involved – I know this flat is pretty small for three, and Rosie will be needing her own room before you know it – but don’t underestimate how much he cares for you, John. Go easy on him. It’s not an easy Christmas for him.”
The strange thing was, that in the last few months he had been thinking less and less about Mary. There was a strange guilt that now accompanied her image in his head, as he was aware of how inattentive a widower he had been. Part of that was Rosie, of course; there was simply no time to grieve when one had a screaming baby to deal with twenty four seven. And yet it was more than that. In the early days, John had been wracked by nightmares, plagued by hallucinations, unable to even look at his daughter, palming her straight off onto anyone who would take her, anyone who could help him forget his responsibilities, forget he existed. It was after two months of this that Mrs. Hudson of all people intervened and all but frogmarched him back to Baker Street.
Like a lot of this show, think about those lines for more than a nanosecond and they really don’t make sense. You’ve got to think about them for a lot longer before they start to again. This, I think, is where BBC Sherlock’s self-parody really starts. TAB focuses on parodying, critiquing and rewriting historical adaptations, but it’s easy to see the merging of all of the undeniably
Sherlock continued. “At some point you’ll have to choose between private and state, but that’s a bit overkill at primary school, I’d say.”
century. Given that we never see where River Song is connecting from, it’s safe to say that it is the 19
“Eleven months!”
So much has been said, so eloquently, about the tarmac scene, that I don’t know that there’s much more that I can say. The importance of the plane as being Sherlock going to his death is really important as an image that will repeat later – again, see previous chapter
There is a non-explanation for how the Secret Service doctored the footage of Sherlock shooting Magnussen, the response simply being that they have the tech. If the answer is going to be that vague, there is little reason to bring up the question – except to raise it in the viewers’ minds. Making the audience question their belief in the s4 universe is something that happens very frequently, and this is the start of it. A later chapter goes into the parallels that
Advent calendar. Yes, he had had one as a child. Mycroft and he used to try to deduce what was behind each window. He made a mental note.
CN: death, disturbing imagery]
4. That in the real (non-MP) world, John is suicidal, and Sherlock has to wake up to save him.
If you haven’t seen
I want to quickly talk about what grounds Sherlock’s aeroplane. Moriarty appears on screens everywhere, and then we have the following exchange between Sherlock and Mycroft. I’ve already made a post about this that’s done the rounds on tumblr
Sherlock did not deign to respond. He turned his face back to the glass. John seemed totally oblivious to Sherlock’s gaze; he had plucked a flower from the hedge and was using it to tickle Rosie’s nose whilst she giggled and sneezed.
performance in this scene, that’s not strictly true either. The centre of this scene is Sherlock explaining John’s love for Mary. It’s not about the Watsons – it's about Sherlock understanding what’s going on, which fits into EMP theory exactly. I firmly believe that Sherlock begins his EMP trip believing that John loves Mary, and slowly unravels the threads to realise that it’s actually him John cares about, and this scene is testament to the first part – the deduction that he makes about John loving Mary is flawless, but despite explicitly referencing himself, he fails to see the obvious –
If we accept that s4 takes place inside Sherlock’s MP, this makes more sense, because all of the characters are manifestations of different parts of Sherlock’s psyche and so he can jump between perspectives. It also means that the terror of being on a crashing plane that Eurus has felt ever since she was a child is not hers – it’s Sherlock’s. If we remember that planes are synonymous with dying in this show, an association that’s reinforced because of the “sleeping” people on the plane, a clear throwback to the dead passengers in ASiB, the climax of S4, when Sherlock is trying to save John and work out his repressed memories, is all fuelled by a child’s nightmare of dying, a terror that has resurfaced.
“Mmm.” Sherlock looked up at him, having been scrolling through a site he definitely did not have legal access to. John smiled at his cleverness. Others thought it was irritating, as did he at times; tonight, however, John found it strangely endearing.
document.) Until then!
Perhaps this was a sign that the effort could not be sustained. The first of many.
Chapter 7 – There’s Something About Mary [TST 2/2]
3. That s4 engages with the history of Sherlock Holmes adaptations through the character of Sherlock investigating his psyche
DIFFERENT POV
“I…well I… I’ll be in my…” He stumbled before Jane closed the door behind him.
It was hard to believe that I’d agreed to move into the flat after I killed someone. I’d barely even been a day, not even a week. The gun now sat in a drawer in my room, somewhat neglected. The kettle on the stove began to whistle and I got up from my chair. I poured the steaming water into a cup, pulling out the tea bags I let one settle to the bottom. I brought the cup back to my chair and pulled out the newspaper. Politics, more politics. I read the news anyways, it wouldn’t do me much good if I didn’t know what was going on in the world. Sherlock walked into the room, his robe trailing on the floor. I looked up at him and he sat down in his chair across from mine. I scanned him over while he didn’t spare me a glance. I picked up a spoon and stirred my cup a little, the tea almost ready. Sherlock rose and went into the kitchen. I heard the fridge door open and little glasses clinking together. He marched back into the room, a vile filled with fingernails floating in some strange liquid. I was almost used to it, the random things that I found in the fridge and cupboards. Sherlock came over and picked up my teacup, quickly downing it before setting it back down.
I kind of felt relieving that I didn’t had to hide my identity anymore but nothing much had changed: I still behaved like I did before and wore the same clothes because it was just so much more convenient.
I got up and spilled the soapy-salt-ash water on the doorknob. “With this, break the spell.”
"What? Right now?", I asked. I was getting more confused with every minute passing.
I knocked on the church door in front of me. I wasn't religious but even I needed to talk sometimes. The door was opend by a young man shortly after I knocked.
I considered. "There is no way he wouldn't notice us."
"Oh, what a shame!", the man exclaimed disappointed, "Maybe we'll see again? I'm going to give a little ball soon! Come if you like, it's going to be at Baker Street!"
"Lestrade. Wait."
"Does it hurt badly?", she asked with an concerned look after I flinched.
I continued my way down the hallway. I was called by Inspector Hopkins to investigate on another case, because Lestrade still seemed to be a bit upset.
"Go ahead, I want this done as soon as possible", I mumbled.
Molly looked at me for a while but I was unable to read her facial expression.
