Following the interview of the officer, whom Ms. Holmes rudely declared to his face would never make it up the ranks, my health had reached its limit. I retired to Baker Street while Ms. Holmes departed for a concert, one Norman Neruda. Ms. Holmes had said, enigmatically, that she always sought to patron rare specimens of womanhood. Leaving me very alone, my mind was too much excited by all that had occurred to rest, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it.
“I had no evidence Moran caused young Adair’s demise. I knew only his character. That is what I proposed to bring to Scotland Yard if, upon my inquiry, Lestrade truly suspected him.”
With some disbelief, I uttered, “And I.”
Holmes barked her amusement again. “It is quite a pretty little problem,” said she.
“The edges are blunt,” She assured me softly, “And he’s performed this feat without injury for many years. But your reaction is endearing, and may very well aid us.” I didn’t know what aid my fear could bring her, but I didn’t care in that moment. I waited until a roar of approval sounded that the trick was over, and looked back to see the assistant withdrawing the length of metal from the contortionist’s esophagus. I shuddered, and Holmes briefly rubbed my back.
“We were both in the photograph.”
“What do you make of that?” asked Holmes, scrutinizing me as I did the note.
“You’ll come with me tonight?” After years in her presence I could discern when her need for dramatics must overrule my practical nature. This question, and the postponing of her reveal, were of utmost importance to her.
“Then in return, I ask that you speak plainly,” Holmes requested, “And answer why your warm regard seemed to flee after I brought you to Brixton Road.”
His grin turned sharp, as I’d hoped. “What has brought you calling on me, Mrs. Watson?”
“Oh I’m certain you had valid reasons for entering into the marriage,” Ms. Holmes took off, speaking rapidly as champagne uncorked, “Yet your affection soured, during your time abroad I expect. A nurse has many reasons to take issue with the person sending her charges into danger, and your lasting unease with the horrors you faced support that hypothesis. Why else would you have the irregular sleep patterns you saw fit to warn me of? Additionally, you swiftly returned to the use of your maiden name, I noted Stamford placed an emphasis on it as though you had previously corrected him. And finally,” She met my gaze, holding it wordlessly in the time it took to draw breath, “You laughed. Within minutes of our acquaintance I said something that amused you and you threw your head back and laughed. I’ve found it rare that a widow in mourning is so free with her gaiety, and deduced that your garb is a necessary costume, rather than an authentic expression.” She drummed her fingers on the mantle, a tick of nervous energy, while I sat quite impassive. “If I am mistaken, Mrs. Watson, do correct me. I meant no offense.”
“Hardly,” Holmes scoffed, then looked more sharply at me. “Is this an olive branch, or honest inquiry? I don’t wish to entertain hollow overtures, my time is too precious for that.”
“I shall be delighted.”
The disappearance of my flatmate, friend, and love, the late Sherlock Holmes, had left me floating bereft through life.
Such was the remarkable narrative to which I listened on that April evening—a narrative which would have been utterly incredible to me had it not been confirmed by the actual sight of the tall, spare figure and the keen, eager face, which I had never thought to see again. Upon her at last doffing that old unflattering disguise, I quite nearly swooned once more; no one in all of London captured her elegant style of dress, her charcoal tailcoat and trousers contrasted with an ivory waistcoat and starched winged collar. A nip into her room, for it had always and would always remain so, and she returned with a sly smile and a top hat perched on her tight raven coils. My love glowed, standing before me and in my bosom both.
“Ah, but you leave me in no doubt that it is,” I replied, a touch bitterly. “Yes. Moran would verbally and physically abuse the boys under his command. He took pleasure in the fear he inspired, among men and women. There was…” My throat constricted. “There was a native lad in India, assigned to his service. He… received lashes from Moran, which I treated. The next day he was nowhere to be found. Moran insisted he had absconded with some rations, but I knew… in his condition he could not have made it far under his own power.”
“Our advantage, I hoped. You’re not having second thoughts, are you?”
“Truly?” I exclaimed.
Holmes stood as well, her countenance grim as a thunderclap, and tossed the contents of her pipe into the fire, popping and crackling. “I have told you as plain as I possibly could that you would only be a hindrance to me in my next task, without going so far as to be cruel—”
More sharply she called, “Jane, please, sit.” The use of my Christian name tore at my resolve. Petulant sulking had always been her tactic more than mine, however, and I needed to hear the rest, no matter how it hurt. Trepidatious, I returned to my seat, and Holmes seemed to unwind slightly. Tapping the ash from the cigarette, she resumed the tale as if without interruption.
Again, I rose to go, but Holmes lunged and caught me by the wrist. “It is both, or none,” said she with steely resolve. “You may say before this woman anything which you may say to me.”
“What then?”
Ms. Holmes emitted a scoff. “I may as well ask you how you figure two and two makes four. Let me see… It was evident that you had just come from the tropics, for that is not the natural tint of your skin. You have a haggard face which indicates you’ve seen hardship outside of a parlor room. You were at ease in a hospital laboratory, and inspected the vial of blood I held without flinching, so you had medical experience of a kind. You hold your left arm in a stiff and unnatural manner. Therefore the question became, where in the tropics could an English woman have seen much hardship, become immunized to the sight of blood, and got her arm wounded? Clearly in Afghanistan.”
Colonel Moran turned to the official detective. “You may or may not have just cause for arresting me,” said he, “But at least there can be no reason why I should submit to the gibes of this loathsome
“I have not introduced you yet,” said Holmes grandly, reveling in her status as ringmaster once again. “This, Inspectors, is Colonel Sebastian Moran, once of Her Majesty’s Indian Army, and the best heavy game shot that our Eastern Empire has ever produced. I believe I am correct, Colonel, in saying that your bag of tigers still remains unrivaled?”
as the old play says. I don’t think I have had the pleasure of seeing you since you favoured me with those attentions as I lay on the ledge above the Reichenbach Fall.”
“Apologies, ma’am,” He said, removing his hat, “I did not mean to stir up a fuss. I was only eager to rub Holmes’ nose in it.” That rude statement brought me short, and I eased into my seat by the fireplace.
Startled, I glanced behind myself to my bag. I could not spot the ribbon she mentioned for a good minute, until the faint traces of ivory fiber caught in my clasp came into focus.
My flatmate did know how to appeal to my curiosity. The note was undated, and without either signature or address, and I scanned it eagerly. It said:
The door she slammed shut on their bewildered expressions. I expected her energy to persist, but instead Holmes seemed to harden to a statue, her head resting upon the cold wood. In the following quiet, my hand itched to grasp the revolver once more. I could sense my flatmate’s tension, her displeasure, and all of it I imagined directed at myself. Though there was no offense I could clearly point to that would explain it, I felt compelled to apologize.
“You’re surprised to see me, ma’am,” said he, in a strange, croaking voice.
“And Irene Adler?”
In a second, several things blurred together: Holmes reeled back, touching her jaw, and my palm smarted. As if in a trance, the both of us looked from my red right hand to meet each other’s shocked gaze.
“No, Watson, I never was in it.” She regarded me remarkably tenderly, no doubt well aware of my cascading deductions. “My note to you was absolutely genuine. I had little doubt that I had come to the end of my career when I perceived the sinister figure of the late Professor Moriarty. I read an inexorable purpose in his grey eyes. We exchanged some remarks, and I thereby obtained his courteous permission to write the short note which you afterwards received. I left it with my cigarette-box and I walked along the pathway, Moriarty still at my heels.”
‘Wrestling’ was a quaint term for the prize fights I’d witnessed Ms. Holmes partake in. To see my slender, pale friend stripped to the waist, brawling bare-knuckled with all manner of prostitutes and factory girls, while men and women alike jeered and placed their bets, was a sight I could only stand on a handful of occasions. More frequently she would come to me in the evening, baring herself to me so that I might stitch the cuts and soothe the scratches she had received in pursuit of some peace. While I never outright voiced my disapproval, I had been quietly grateful when these bouts dwindled to nothing.
I did so, and saw a large “E” with a small “g,” a “P,” and a large “G” with a small “t” woven into the texture of the paper.
“It’s the truth you’re after, is it?”
I think you’re a packrat who stumbled into precisely the right profession, I thought. “The paper was made in Bohemia,” I said.
Her dismissal was clear, and the King floundered for a moment. He bowed from the waist at Holmes, and then repeated the gesture to me, and turned to flounce from our rooms with dramatics rivaled only by my friend. We waited in mutual agreement until the wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street.
When my introspection had me so entangled, a light flared to life in the window I was set to watch. I stared as the profile of Irene passed the thin curtain: she was, I conceded, as lovely as Aphrodite, or Helen, or Godiva. Her features were round as a babydoll’s, with her hair cascading in tight waves that seemed to glide on air, the actor’s paint about her eyes and mouth bringing them sharply to the voyeur’s attention. My resolve nearly faltered, for how could our actions against so gentle a countenance be just, though to betray Holmes now would be the worst of sins. I held firm.
Rather than retrace our steps out the front, Holmes strode with purpose further inside, down steps to a side-door, and led me with a hand on my elbow through into an alley. It smelled strongly of manure, and I found the source at hand in a stable down the way. It was attached to the inn that shared a wall with the music hall. Holmes tapped her walking stick twice on a cobblestone then gestured down the alley.
I was about to make some scathing retort when in the dim light I saw her head thrown forward, her whole attitude rigid with attention. A glance revealed all was still and dark outside, save only that brilliant yellow screen in front of us with the black figure outlined upon its centre. In the utter silence I heard a sibilant note which spoke of Holmes’ intense suppressed excitement. An instant later she pulled me back into the blackest corner of the room, and I felt her warning hand upon my lips. The fingers which clutched me were quivering. Never had I known my friend more moved, and yet the dark street still stretched lonely and motionless before us.
I had the man repeat it twice before my mind placed who it could be.”
“Five attempts have been made. Twice burglars in my pay ransacked her house. Once we diverted her luggage when she travelled. Twice she has been waylaid. There has been no result.”
“My photograph.”
“Extracting it myself proved impossible,” Holmes informed him, brooking no argument, “Yet I assure Your Majesty that it is as good as yours. If there are no objections to setting out immediately?”
“Yes.”
My back stiffened, and I stepped closer so that I might spit my words into his face. “We are not in Afghanistan anymore. Your rank is a courtesy here, it will not shield you from scrutiny. If you are withholding anything from Inspector Lestrade, I will personally aid Scotland Yard in unearthing,” whispering, I concluded, “Everything, Moran.”
I let out an incredulous laugh. “When I hear you give your reasons, the thing always appears to me to be so ridiculously simple that I could easily do it myself. Truly I believe that my eyes must be as good as yours, yet I am baffled until you explain your process.”
“When I reached the end, I stood at bay. He drew no weapon, but rushed at me and threw his long arms around me. He knew that his own game was up, and was only anxious to revenge himself upon me. We tottered together upon the brink of the fall. I have some experience with the art of wrestling, as you well know.”
“I had only one confidant—my brother Mycroft. It was necessary to confide in him in order to obtain money and be kept abreast of developments. The course of events in London did not run so well as I had hoped, for the trial of the Moriarty gang left two of its most dangerous members, my own most vindictive enemies, at liberty. I won’t bore you with how I passed the years, the majority of the time was spent traveling under assumed identities. There was little actual investigating I could safely do to conclude matters, but what information I gathered I sent along to Mycroft.
“But why are we here?”
“If he had been one there was no reason to believe that he had ceased to be. On the contrary, from his point of view, any sudden change would be likely to draw attention to himself. He would, probably, for a time at least, continue to perform his duties. There was no reason to suppose that he was going under an assumed name. Why should he change his name in a country where no one knew his original one? I therefore organized my band of informants, and sent them systematically to every cab proprietor in London until they ferreted out the man that I wanted. How well they succeeded, and how quickly I took advantage of it, are still fresh in your recollection. The murder of Stangerson was an incident which was entirely unexpected, but which could hardly in any case have been prevented. Through it, as you know, I came into possession of the pills, the existence of which I had already surmised."
So I conceded, “When you like and where you like.” My declaration produced a fluttering of eyelashes from Holmes.
“What do you mean?”
“Reputation then,” spat Holmes as she emerged, impeccably dressed, face carved from marble. “Well, Watson, I am what I do. If it repulses you, then we must give up this charade of friendship and renegotiate our living situation.”
My foolishness was catching up to me, exasperating my shame. Holmes had made me no promises and, more so, she had told me no lies. It was girlish stupidity that had caused me to hope that if she went looking for love, she would find it closer to home.
An eternity later and far too quick, Holmes emerged, a new outfit on, though her tie was off-kilter. She wore a hat braced for rain. She glanced at me, and I could hear the words she’d say on any other night:
In the following days the “Brixton Mystery” was splashed on every paper. I retain clippings of each account, which varied mostly in the social ill they placed the blame upon. Mankind continues to astound me with its ability to twist death and misfortune to its purpose. While I viewed the papers with distaste, Ms. Holmes took some amusement from them.
As I watched, spellbound, Sherlock’s factual recounting faltered, revealing a longing that tugged at my own heart. It conjured a flurry of recollections: the first firm grasp of my hand in St. Bart’s laboratory; my gradual induction into her work through the Brixton Mystery; a hundred surreptitious touches in forty or so cases, a thousand stolen looks in a decade of cohabitation, a million fluttering heartbeats; a discarded dream of a country cottage with its apiary and garden.
Tears, damnable things, slid down my cheeks. I brushed them aside, cursing this obvious sign of weakness, and could not bear to look at Holmes.
Shocked, “Oh…” I breathed shakily. “Holmes, I....”
(Beneath this missive, a different, scrawling hand has annotated:)
A look at the clock informed me it was twenty to eight o’clock. Amid the London din, there came the sharp sound of horses’ hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell.
“An engaging trifle,” Holmes declared at last, striding to the window and twitching the curtains. “Hardly worth my time of course, but needs must and all that. So long as powerful men commit infidelity and indiscretions my coffers shall remain full.”
I later learned which German phrase she used and its meaning,
"I don't' know but Anthea has a lead on who let Moran onto the manor grounds…only problem is they fled." Mycroft spoke as he glared at his phone.
“Alright…Now what?” Lucian whispered to his sister, as they were lead down the corridor.
Lucian wrapped his arms around his sister and rocked her gently in his arms, pressing a kiss to her hair. "It's alright A Ghra." he murmured before turning towards the men who kidnapped them. "Who are you and what do you want with us?" Lucian demanded to know.
“Don’t tell them that. I tried to tell them that and they made me write in each type of pen and vote on which one was best.” John sighed and sank deeper into the couch.
Alright peoples this chapter takes place a few weeks after the funeral and I know doesn't fit into the story line very well but one of my friends is sick and requested a mystrade that includes the twins helping greg move and Gladstone... I have no idea what I'm doing at this point so bear with me...probably wont even stay up...stand alone chapter?
"Seriously Sherlock where are we going?"
Sebastian watched as the girl he had thought was too fragile too sweet managed to morph into a self-assured young woman with a smart mouth.
"anything interesting there?"
They were both extremely drunk when John decided that he would like to dance with his beloved. (Luckily to a slow song, Sherlock didn't think he could survive one of the fast paced ones while inebriated)
"Sherlock just give in."
Both men jumped when the lights flared on to expose Lily, Lucian, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg and Mycroft all wearing party hats and exploding party poppers.
“Is she actually an officer?”
John and Sherlock were having a nice conversation with one of the local couples when the twins ran by. Then a group of boys ran by after wards, one was bleeding profusely from the nose.
John's face get even redder as the woman stood with a smirk and clutched at Sherlock's hand.
"Not a fanny pack Lily, it's called a Sporran and due to lack of pockets they carry all their useful things in there."
Oh good I've been wanting to speak with you about your children.
"Hello I'm Sherlock Holmes and this is my partner John Watson, is there any way to get them into as many of the same classes as possible?" Sherlock asked then raised an eyebrow at Tinsdale's sneer. "Keeping them together will only make it harder on them in the long run…so no it isn't possible." He scoffed making John glare. "Listen those children have never been apart for very long so forcing them apart will only result in panic attacks. I'm a doctor I know these things." John said as he drew himself up to stare down the teacher who only scoffed again at him. "Fine but if they get put in my class they won't be together for very long." The proctor almost snarled at the doctor who only gave him a curt nod as he received the answer he was looking for. "That is fine." He said and pulled a sullen Sherlock to sit and wait for the twins to finish their exam. "But I wanted to yell at him." Sherlock mumbled making John chuckle. "As long as it isn't physical you can do whatever you want to, to the next one. Alright you numpty?" John smiled as Sherlock wrapped his fingers around his.
John smiled as he laid his head on Sher locks shoulder as they spun to the romantic song. John knowing he'd love the song forever.
Unfortunately, the chief had other plans.
Lily grinned evilly making the DI glad that he was not the reason for the smile. "Oh we chose the name specifically to annoy father. That was the entire reason for it."
"SHERLOCK! Calm down It's only a regular flu that's been making the rounds in the school. In a couple of days she'll be right as rain. Now I have to go to work. She has everything she needs but around twelve I want you to fry and force some soup on her. More than likely she's going to have no appetite so you will have to force her to eat. Now here's some Paracemtol if she needs it...Only ONE understand? Now I'll give her some more medicine when I come home but other than that she needs to rest so try and not bother her too much alright?" John smiled gently at his tall lover before kissing him on the cheek.
“Mr. Watson.”
Sherlock didn’t miss the fact that Lily had not said a single word the entire time and was very curious as to why. But he was smart enough to not bring it up, figuring that she will speak when comfortable.
Sherlock and John walked around the small town, asking almost everyone they saw if they had seen the kids in the picture.
Compulsion, longing, demand, desideratum, devoir, requisite, urge, use, wish
Lily nodded and went back to staring at the ceiling reminding him too much of her father.
*BZZZZ*
As expected Lily was the one who spoke up. “How do you know John?”
Sherlock wore Johns dog tags with pride.
"Welcome and please stand. one of the great universal truths in human life across boundaries and throughout the world is love. we see it in families, we see it among friends. From the time we are small children in our mothers arms we are taught to value love in others, at first for the benefit it brings us but later for its' own sake. It saddens us when we see people who have not learned to value, honor, and respect love when they see it in others. Today the world is invited to celebrate a love between two people: The love that binds them together and makes them one. May all who see them, see love and be warmed by it's light. The contract of marriage is not one to be entered into lightly, but thoughtfully and with a deep realization of the obligations and responsibility it entails. The commitment of marriage is different from all others. it's a life long bond that joins two people for better or worse. Remember that love, loyalty, and understanding are the foundation of a happy home. There are no human ties are more important or more tender than marriage. We are gathered today in the presence of witnesses for the joining in bond of matrimony of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Please face one another.
"You are very drunk love."
"Good morning children! My name is Professor Dondero and I will be your Humanities teacher!" Chirped the perky blond woman at the front of the class. "I think she's on crack…" Lily muttered to her brother who chuckled. "No, not crack I think she just chews coffee beans because coffee just doesn't do it for her anymore." He responded making Lily snort.
"That is true you did put an end to it all those years ago…But look how we turned out mother. Neither of us trusts the other and god forbid we end up alone in the same room. I. Don't. Want. My. Brothers. Children. To. End. Up. Like. Us." Mycroft growled through gritted teeth.
John cut them off right there. "First of all THREE of you are in trouble for keeping this from me...but the dog will stay but if-"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Or that…I'm hoping for a phone…We can just call Dad."
I'm getting better (kind of)
"No its because Mycroft will turn you against Jim."
Halfway back to the flat, Sherlocks phone started to sound an alarm, startling the cab driver. “What would you like for lunch?” Sherlock asked absentmindedly, turning off the alarm that said “feed the kids”
His mind a blur John could only pant as Sherlock tore off his jumper and T-Shirt. "AH!" He gasped when Sherlock's mouth started to wander over his chest. "BED!" He almost shouted as he realized that the children come in at any time and see them. John tried not to giggle at the look his best friend gave him, it was a look of desire mixed with annoyance. It was the look that said 'how dare you interrupt me?' and John loved it.
Suddenly the moments here
"Already did"
"A few more minutes, Father is still getting ready. Last I heard he was talking about cravats and ties and then said something about nooses..."
“You two close your mouths and open your eyes and ears. Maybe you will both learn something today besides how to break in and out of secured buildings.” Sherlock hissed then went back to his thoughts.
~~__~~
What it says on the tin
"Really Sherlock?" You yell twins?" John asked looking at Sherlock oddly. "Well yes…that's what they are…not good?" He sighed at Johns not good. "Yea a bit not good…MMPH!" whatever John was going to say next was muffled as Sherlock decided to wrap himself around his new lover and cover his mouth with his own. "Jawn…let's forget about this and go back to the bedroom." Sherlock purred then giggled as John tried to wriggle away as the twins descended the stairs. "Okay you two sit down…Sherlock?" John grumbled as the human strait jacket only tightened and Sherlock took a deep breath before looking towards John with pleading eyes. "Do you want me to..?" John asked then gave a heavy sigh at Sherlock's 'please'.
"WAKE UP NOW! GET OUT OF THAT BED!" a female voice screeched, jolting them out of sleep only to be faced with a livid Amalee.
And boy, I believe in us
Watson, no offence but you have no right to speak here.” The head barrister announced trying to look down on the Captain.
After their respective math classes the twins sat next to each other in French class taught by a very energetic 'Madam Riesen. They were not enthused with her excitement over the intricate nature of the French language.
Reaching over he yanked the phone out of her hand and slammed it so hard back into the cradle that the plastic split. "I need to see John Watson now if you'll get off the phone with your boyfriend who happens to be gay you can do your job and TELL ME WHERE HE IS!" Sherlock snarled at the scared girl who went on automatic.
Sherlock wrapped himself around his blogger like a human blanket; he had wanted to do this ever since he returned. "Deal"
"Hello Harriet." John sighed at the woman (obviously Harriet) who glowered at him. "Johnny, Sherlock…who are you?" She asked blinking owlishly at the twins.
"He just said that John!" Sherlock snapped then growled as John hit him in the face with a pillow then continued at the boys nod.
ESCAPE!
Muerte is no bueno!
"Where exactly are we going? And will they allow Gladstone?"
"They do that?" The detective looked scandalized at that news. "Yep. Heels and everything."
John stared at the detective until he continued. "I only know of two people how two people who know that…Mycroft and….HER." Sherlock growled then jumped at the knock on the door. "Just remember Sherlock…It's not just you and I anymore…we have the kids to think about." John smiled as he opened the door to find the twins on the other side of the door. "Can we come back in now?" Lucian pouted making them chuckle as Lily glared.
John grinned for a moment then jumped as his phone started to play the sharks theme song from Jaws.
OH god! Was all John could think as Sherlock pressed down on him and kissed him back with equal amounts of desperation. When the hell did? Never mind John just enjoy it while it lasts he thought to himself as he skimmed his hands under Sherlock's shirt to caress his back, not knowing if he wanted to pull the detective closer or push him away. Making his decision he curled his hands into Sherlock's hair and ground his mouth to his, all his pent up desire exploding into an almost violent kiss.
"Will you PLEASE un-staple me?!" Sherlock growled trying to be menacing. "Alright but simply because you said please."
Lily bolted out of hiding, right into line of fire, towards the place the sniper doesn't want her to go. Definitely doesn't want me to go in this direction if the way the shots are speeding up are any indication of SHIT! She thought as she ducked into yet another alley way.
"I'm sorry that he didn't want us." Luce said as he wrapped his arms around his sister, wanting to protect her from the world but knowing that it was impossible to do so.
"Damn."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Which is impossible."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“We were trying to make a cake”
"Hey Dad! Hey Dad!" Lucian smiled as he came through the door greeting both Sherlock and John in turn.
"Hello Sherlock." Mycroft smiled grimly as Sherlock took in the sight of the two fifteen year olds behind him.
"There's a loch."
"No I did not say no the first time he asked. I told him that it wasn't the best time to ask. And he didn't even ask he just stated his intent to ask at a later date." John said then shook his head in confusion at his own words.
ME: I love doctor
“Does that mean we’re done?”
"Sherlock it was probably Lucian."
“The twins were trying to bake a cake when the blender and mixer turned on them.” John explained as he handed both of twins a damp towel.
From what Lily could hear he was refusing to sell her any drugs for some reason or another.
"What? No I don't want to go on a stroll." He grumbled as John pulled him out the door and down the street.
“Come along kids were going to lunch!”
"Alright."
He had been standing in the living area, plucking at his violin as the twins quietly sat on the couch, Lucian sketching something in his drawing pad and Lily reading.
"And now you're being ignored..."
"Gregory…in the middle of winder he used to fill water balloons with water and live newts. When they exploded the person would not only be soaked but would also have a live newt on them…" Mycroft smiled at the Detective Inspector.
"Everyday we've been there Tinsdale has berated both of us with homophobic remarks as making comments that are bordering on incestual…we figured this way he'll learn to leave us alone…" Lily grumbled and squeezed her brothers arm.
"That sounds unsanitary."
Even the kids started doing it as well. They would stop talking when he walked into a room or all three of them would be huddle together then quickly disperse.
John smiled again as the thought of a sick Sherlock was not something he would like to see in the near future. "ACHOO!"
"No."
"And the words 'extending an olive branch'? Where did they come from?"
Of course neither twin would let Sherlock know they were doing it. Which made it even more fun when a few weeks from now Sherlock would remember he 'had' something and go looking for it. Only to tear apart the flat before giving up.
"KYLE! HI!" She grinned as he laughed while he spun her around.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lucian nodded his head as his shoulders sagged a little in relief.
The man handed their mother an envelope that was bursting with bills. “You will not bother them again and if I find that you try to wring any more out of them or their father I will find you and hunt you down. Now come along children.”
John and Sherlock smiled as they danced their first dance together as husbands. When the music stopped John and Sherlock smiled at each other before giving their new husband a chaste kiss. "Alright! Enough of the dancing now it's time to throw the flowers and for the garter toss!" Mike grinned from behind the megaphone. John groaned and then thought of something. "Ha! We don't have flowers!" Sherlock grinned. Then groaned when Lily handed him her bouquet. "Now you do." "My daughter is evil..."
"Plotting to take over the world. All we need now are rubber bands, a thousand yellow rubber duckys and three ounces of plutonium." Came the response making John laugh out loud, earning him a glare.
Disclaimer: No i don't own Sherlock but a girl can dream *bites lip* and Dream I Do *Smile*
"Oh god yes!" He laughed and wrapped his arms around his love to pull him down for a kiss.
"Of course I saw it before we jumped I'm not insane you know. I saw it from the tree but you can't see it from up there I guess…now come on we have to climb up and get to that church, hopefully they have a phone."
"I know." John replied as he took a sip on his tea, mirth dancing in his eyes.
But of course! Though naughty you had that female offspring of yours solve it instead M
It was the sound of cars.
“Excuse me sir?” Came a rough voice from beside them and they both looked up, Sherlock licking his hands while John was sipping his tea. “Are these yours?”
"We should get back that guy is giving us the evil eye." Lucian remarked as he put himself between John and Duncan. John turned to find that the father of the broken nose was in fact trying to glare holes in their heads.
"TWINS!" came a shout from down stairs making them jump and blush in guilt. "Crap…wanna bet what that's about?"
"No idea Lily. That comes later." John remarked as he pulled out a wedding magazine.
"Why not?"
During all of this none of the men noticed the two twins sitting on the couch with their hands clasped together, desperation prevalent in their eyes as they turned to each other with a mutual understanding of the situation. Silently they spoke to one another, not wanting to direct any of the adults attention onto themselves.
"Yet, you haven't done anything yet." John said darkly as he pulled up to the village, right past the black and white phone box. "Oh look we're there. Now everyone out of the car and behave or you're going into the loch."
“Lily. Sarah gave me the medical files today and… it’s not good.” He said then went on to describe the old injuries both kids had acquired and ending on Lily’s current ones then what Sarah had said to him.
John sighed as he got his boots and coat on then struggled to conceal a growl as he was pulled downstairs and into a waiting cab.
"Unfortunately yes he does."
In the end, they both chose two different kinds of pens in multiple colors as well as pencils and any other things they might need for the school year.
." How the woman packed so much venom into one little word the children would never know. "It's not only making a mockery of families but the children of such unions will no doubt become criminals."
John and Sherlock still had no luck getting Lily to speak.
John glared at his husbands features. "Your sex vacation can easily be turned into a solo vacation you know. Now tell me what is really going on!"
Moriarty grinned as Lily managed to pin Moran down to snap a few photos of the confused and surprised assassin. He was beginning to see why Sherlock liked having them around. Even though they had almost no guile they were quite pleasant to be around.
“Fifteen. Are you a detective as well?”
"Of course numpty…and that was worth being woken up at three in the morning for…speaking of which could you try and not wake me like your own personal snow globe again?" john smiled as they curled up in the bed. "Sherlock…what were you even doing up?" He asked gently making the detective blush furiously. "I just…needed to check if they were real…" He admitted making John smile softly. "And I'm bruise free so…you'll not be getting a bed." He said as he became a human blanket once again.
"Two singles I guess." Lucian responded as Lily started examining her tea like it was a form of alien goo.
“To put it simply John, money. She had seen Sherlocks name in the paper quite often recently and decided that selling the children to Sherlock was a good idea.” Mycroft said as he took a sip of his tea.
The woman looked like the cat that got the canary. “Captain Watson, we have a consenting parent right here. Just because your fucking him doesn’t give you any parental rights.”
Greg sighed as he watched John struggle into a shirt. He didn't know what to do. John's leaving will most definitely break Sherlock in a way that will destroy him. He knew that Sherlock will have to be put on full surveillance once again because John was Sherlock's world as were the kids and with both of them gone...
"I'm just glad that the attendant and the captain did not share her point of veiw."
My children are not cretins and they are definitely 'young pliable minds' to play with. You WILL leave them out of this. And don't act like you don't wish you had children at all never mind the fact that they would never be as good as mine SH
"yyyeeeaaaassss"
"Yes sir."
Then the kids came back with sticky faces and sticky hands.
Five minutes later everyone was seated in the drawing room, a cup of tea in front of each. "Tea, tea, tea, why is it always tea?" Lily whispered to her brother who only shrugged, indifferent to her plight, one which everyone else had forgotten as well.
“Then the mixer”
~~_~~!
From Lily
"Hello Sherlock, Yes we've found your children. If you will give me a minute I'll tell you where they are." Mycroft snapped at him making him blush.
From Lily
“I’m doing great. Listen I really wanted to talk to you. I…who are they?” Harry asked finally taking in the kids standing behind John and staring at her. “Lily and Lucian. They’re Sherlocks kids.”
All the squirming and the sudden movement had loosened the towel and Greg was too tired to stop it mid-fall, letting it hit the floor.
“Niki, Pou Pige ta didyama Pate? Ne einai grigori.” Sherlock said and the boy nodded vigorously  before responding in quick but broken English.
A few weeks after they came back from Scotland John and Sherlock were sitting on the couch when John heard scratching up the stairs.
A bunch of platypuses are called a puggle (Sort of) also the horney toad is not actually a toad...and only thinks of you as a friend.
"Otherwise they'd have an officer stalking people."
"It's a kilt."
I can trust
Greg searched the park for a good ten minutes before finding his friend.
~~__~~
going to see the light of day.” He growled through his tears.
(side note, does anyone else think of Dori from Nemo saying Es-cap-ee?)
"Well sir I believe a convertible will suit you best.." She flirted as she leaned over to expose her generous cleavage.
“Lets go.”
"Like duct tape."
John had never seen Sherlock get undressed so fast, not even when he had spilled corrosive acid on the crotch of his trousers.
"But baby…"
“First of all no one would have believed that you were the one to break his nose, your too small and obviously helpless. Second of all I was pretty sure that you were going to be in a lot of trouble for the mercury incident so I figured I would take some of the blame. After all, this way neither of us is in too much trouble.” He smiled down at his sister who smiled gratefully up at him then gave him a hug.
“Lucian sit.” Sherlock said quietly which scared Lucian more than if John was yelling.
“I can’t see any more flour…”
"Or is it fish?"
Both children appeared to be around 14 or 15 years old with similar facial features. One was male and the other female. Both children had pitch black hair which only accentuated their pale skin. Both children were wearing clothes that looked to have been handed down from their grandparents going by the holes. But what shocked Sherlock and John was the fact that both children looked almost exactly like Sherlock.
"forgive me I was distracted… what was the question?"
"Sherlock I know you are home now open this door." Mycroft's voice came from the hallway making them wince. "I have an idea….Greg go into Mine and Sherlock's room, trust me." John smiled at the Detective inspectors confused expression.
"I've been thinking Gregory…we don't see much of each other as we are both very busy men and…."
Chapter 29
"Hello children how are you fairing with Sherlock?" Greg asked as they walking in his office without knocking. Interesting he usually berates me for not knocking…it must be because of the children. Sherlock thought then noticed the look on his offspring's faces.
“I hope not. And while it is…frowned upon. I highly suggest that you be the one to tend to her. I don’t think a stranger touching her is going to help her mental state at all, female or not.”
“What’s up freak? Haven’t seen you in a while and it’s been nice.” Donovan remarked as they walked up and she sent a pitying look towards the kids. “Still don’t understand why you’re trusted around kids at all. It’s only a matter of time before they’re taken away.”
"I don't understand…Professor Tinsdale?" John asked turning towards Sherlock. "Professor Tinsdale was the proctor of the exam remember? I guess he said something that the children did not like and decided to repay him…by the way how do you know it was our children that did this?" Sherlock asked ignoring the double take and small smile John shot at the word 'our'. "Well Professor Tinsdale said…"
"Parler vous François?"
"No...No I don't."
Lily smiled as she danced with her uncle Mycroft, trying not to step on his feet and laughing as she was whirled out of his arms by Greg who demanded a dance with his girl. But that partner didn't last long as Lucian walked over to give the two a bow and asked if he could cut in.
“This is my home, I hope they you respect it enough not to make a huge mess. Or if you do please clean up. The doors are to remain unlocked. If you wish to leave I will understand but I hope that you will see this through to the end.” The man said as he hung up his coat and led the children to the kitchen. “This is the kitchen which will remain stocked with food. If you get hungry don’t be afraid to come down and get something to eat. Your room is off the hall here. The loo is here and this is my room. Now please sit down as there is something I need to talk to you about.”
"Lily Lucian we are going to be serving Chinese food at the wedding simply because we feel like it. Any objections?" John asked giving the twins a solid look. "Is it chicken?"
“Oh come on John, the boy had no marks on his hands where Lily had several. So she was obviously the one that hit him.”
"Just a bit, yeah" He said and smiled at the little girl who had become a rock for him the last few days. "Alright...how long?"
“Sherlock’s kids.”
"Who's stalking?"
"I wonder what it's like to have normal parents?"
“How will you manage that? I’m sitting in the middle and you are by the door.” Sherlock asked as he continued to bounce his leg.
_._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.
John and Sherlock took the twins with them to pick out a cake for two reasons. One: They wanted to pick out something that they all liked.
Sherlock scoffed at that. “I do not speak hollow words. You are my children therefore my responsibility in all things. Now we must go and get you clothes…and beds…and…stuff so you can stay here. To be honest I don’t know what that entails but we shall figure this out. John what do teenagers need?”
_._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.
Sherlock lay propped up against the headboard, one leg stretched out on the bed before him while the other perched on the floor. In his hands, long forgotten, an old book lay face up, resting against his finger tips. What surprised the army doctor was the Image of Lily, standoffish and mistrustful Lily, lay curled up against her father, head against his shoulder and fingers grasping onto Sherlock's shirt, as if afraid to let go.
"I know what I said was extremely out of line." Sherlock started then took a deep breath. "The fact that I hurt you so badly...It kills me. I mean I shouldn't have said that. I know it's not true. You have always been there for me even when we weren't together. You've always been there for me; especially with the twins...I know they are just as much yours as they are mine. I mean you were there every time I stumbled with them and have always been a rock. And I took advantage of that. It doesn't matter how frustrated and angry I was at myself when I said those things. It only matters because I hurt you. You aren't useless, not even a little bit. If anything you are extremely useful. You always help me remember when to eat and sleep and I am so sorry that I said those lies. And I know that you didn't think it was just another case to solve. It was never just another case for you."
"I did NOT want to have this conversation so soon... But Sherlock...well he's actually a sociopathic criminal mastermind...and he's not your father."
"oh there is just a market in the village…why are you putting on your belstaff?"
"But-"
Sherlock was inconsolable. Everything that John tried only made him more withdrawn. "Come love, you're about to pass out from hunger and exhaustion...Come eat something and get a little sleep... please." He practically begged then took a step backwards at the look in his lover's eyes.
"HELP ME! OH GOD PLEASE HELP ME! HE'S GOING TO KILL ME!" she shouted as she pounded on the door with the flats of her palms. "What the?" The cook started off as he opened the door to find a blood soaked teenage girl on the other side of the door.
“It was all skynets fault”
John nodded and went to grab his doctors’ bag from the closet making sure that he had what he needed to treat her injuries and then waited for them to wake up from their nap.
“But I didn’t. Now Lucian, Lily go to your room and do your homework.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Olives grow on trees?" Lucian asked then flinched at the look his sister threw him.
"Lost from England."
“How did it go?” Sherlock asked once the kids went to put their stuff away.
Once Lily and Lucian were seated Sherlock and John took their seats as well.
"It has a light side and a dark side and holds the world together."
John stared at Sherlock in fear. For he knew that even though they curled up together at night they have never done this. Now that line has been crossed and if he so chose to Sherlock could beat him within an inch of his life. "Err…" He said placing his hands on the detective's chest to lift himself up. He didn't get very far before he felt his best friends grip tighten on his waist was yanked down again. "I don't want you to move… you're very comfy." Sherlock rumbled and started to stoke his hands up and down his doctor's back, treating him in a very cat like manner. "But the children…" John argued feebly making Sherlock glare. "The twins are up in their room. If you did not want to lie with me you do not have to make up some excuse to get out of it. Just tell me so." He snarled and moved his arms away, freeing the doctor from his vice like grasp. "Its….Its not that… I don't want to…" John blinked at his tone, his last words muffled as he half buried his face into the detective's shirt.
Dr. Julia Verone was sitting in her office preparing for her next patient when they called and canceled their appointment. Which she was thankful for as she now had the time to read over the notes her secretary took on a set of twins.
"I've come to the conclusion that you two are merely suffering from boredom and that's why you guys have been fighting so viciously. I would like to fill the time you spend fighting one another with other things. Now, what would you two likes?" He asked blatantly as the twins stood in front of his desk.
Moriarty waited for the girl to elaborate but quickly gave up when he realized that she was not a blabbermouth like all those dull people in the world. Instead he turned his attention towards Lucian.
Sherlock lay on the couch staring at the ceiling in annoyance. "JOHN! I'm BORED!" he yelled as his blogger came down stairs. "No new cases then?" Came the reply which only annoyed the detective even more.
"That's not what I am talking about! Now tell me what is really going on or I swear."
John was ready to pull his hair out by the time they arrived at the therapists office. Both twins were being extremely willful and both were very sure that they didn’t need to go.
“Of course they look like me I had the superior genetics. Now what was all this about? Why are you here?” Sherlock demanded as he handed the twins each a bag.
It was at this point that Sherlock realized that both children did not see this as a permanent home. And going by how old their clothes are, that they were more than likely abused by their mother as well.
Sherlock stepped out of the bathroom having washed off all of the contaminates from the aeroplane and its passengers when he had to stop and smile at the sight that lay before him. Quite literally in fact.
Too needy and he's starting to freak out
Lily and Lucian were laying on her bed when Sherlock and John burst into the room. "Come along children." Sherlock said gleefully as he jumped up and down. "Come along get your things packed the cab is waiting!" John said as he poked his head into the room. "I don't understand you are meant to be on your honeymoon!" Lily cried as she started stuffing her clothes into her suitcase. "We decided that we wanted you with us. Now you have two choices. You can either stay here or come with us."
That is, until a teenage boy said yes.
Half of an Hour later
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT!
"Mycroft...Sherlock doesn't have children. Are you alright?" Greg asked as he placed a hand on Mycrofts arm. "I am fine Gregory. Now stop playing and tell me." Mycroft growled. "Oh fine, ruin my fun. Sherlock and John came back to take the children with them. Guess they missed them." Greg smiled making the government official sigh. "But I had you going for a second."
o	May – events of The Sign of Three: John and Mary get married; discover pregnancy
“I’m very confused, love.  You see, Daddy loves you very much and he,” John stumbles, but his daughter barely manages three words at a time so what harm can it do to say it, “loves Sherlock very much.  But Daddy isn’t sure if Sherlock loves him back.  Probably not.  Although….”
not at random.  And yeah, okay, maybe it’s a gross generalization to say that
Sherlock confirms with certainty.  “You’re practically panting.  We both know it isn’t exercise like last time, you’ve gained three pounds since August—”
“Get me the liquid paracetamol from the bathroom cupboard, would you?” John says to Sherlock, trying to keep his voice steady.
John’s speak grinds to a halt when the exam room door swings open and a tall woman with golden hair pulled back into queue at the back of her head and clad in pink scrubs slips inside.  Unfortunately, John’s mind sticks on the words he’d been about to say just prior to her entrance.  What had he been about to call Sherlock?  It hadn’t been his name, it had been a title that was ready to roll off of his tongue.  But … what could he have possibly meant to say?  Surely not “daddy” – that was John, obvious – and definitely not “god-father”; Sherlock was the only one to refer to himself as such.  It’s an accurate term, yes, but John never used it because it seemed so inadequate to encompass what Sherlock is to John and to Rosie.  So what had he meant to say?  John shakes his head to clear it when he realizes that both the doctor and Sherlock are staring at him.
“I already gave you a kiss, Rosie.” John’s brows furrow as she makes a noise of extreme annoyance.
Rosie reaches out a chubby fist and grabs the air in John’s direction but the detective and the doctor are both between them so he can’t quite reach her.  When John lifts a hand, Sherlock takes it in his own and lowers their joined grip to Sherlock’s own thigh, stretching out his hand for Rosie to grip.  She clutches it tightly as the doctor angles her neck to get a better look at the patch that has now sprouted a three small blisters.  They aren’t large enough to give serious concern; John recognizes this as a doctor, of course, but as a father, the sound of his daughter crying out in pain at the examination has him clamping his fingers around Sherlock’s as he tries to maintain a stoic face.  Sherlock’s hands are the only parts of him that react: an open palm for Rosie, which she grabs at greedily, and a tight compression to match the strength of John’s grip.  The doctor
“Perhaps,” Sherlock says unsteadily, then clears his throat and regroups, “perhaps I should call Molly and ask if she would like to babysit this evening.”
John nearly bites his tongue in half at the way Sherlock practically leaps away from him when he shouts this.  The detective curls his arms around his stomach, still facing away from John.
Alex’s eyebrows shoot up.  His eyes sparkle with happiness as he gives a few halting details – he’s called Oscar, tall, dark hair, beautiful brown eyes, sharp as a tack and studying to be a barrister – clearly Alex is proud of this young man.
Sherlock shrugs again.  “Perhaps I chose it because it was convenient.  Perhaps I chose it at random.  Perhaps it was simply on sale that day.”
Sherlock blithely ignores the scathing censure and scowls down at the gash.  “Honestly, John it’s not really deep enough to require stitches; you could have probably patched it up with medical grade glue and had done with it ten minutes ago.  I got deeper scratches learning to shave.”  He hiccups and winces when John pulls a suture too tight and has to tug at Sherlock’s skin to loosen. It.  “Why are you so upset?”
Sherlock gives a heavy sigh and scans the space for the fifth time looking for an exit.  “Yes, you’ve said. Multiple times.  It’s not particularly helpful.”
“I’m perfectly—”
from his mind every single time.
Sherlock doesn’t want to admit to himself how much he aches to believe it, that perhaps these odd fluctuations in John’s behavior are indicative of John realizing—but no.  It simply
“I doubt that will be necessary,” he says and heaves John towards the stairs.  “Good night, Eva.”
John stares at the ceiling for a moment, too.  “Do you have that dream a lot?”
he reminds himself.
“Mycroft?  Having sex?  God, I hope not while you were on the phone with him.”
His whole world might disintegrate in front of him if he doesn’t understand.
Sherlock halts at the accusatory tone and John’s expression wavers when he sees how stricken Sherlock is.  Biting his lip for a moment, the detective collects himself before trying again.
“No sense in risking waking her up,” he whispers, then puts a hand on Sherlock’s arm as the detective turns towards her crib.  “Wait a minute…”
“Sherlock?” John calls as he trudges into the kitchen.  He tosses a few carrier bags onto the table – forgot they needed milk, stopped at Tesco; not the closest one to his office, the one nearest the flat; obvious from the sound of his shoes – and bends to pick up a teething ring that tumbled to the floor in the aftermath.  “I stopped for a few things on the way home but didn’t know what you’d want for dinner … is Rosie still out with Molly?  Didn’t know if I’d have to make dinner for all three of us.  Have you had tea yet?”
“Of course you’ll honor it,” Sherlock says, waving a hand as he begins to stalk around the sitting room.  “You always do.  That’s why I call you.”
“Hmmm?” Sherlock asks, feigning absorption in the computer files he’s sifting through.  “John, have a look at those ledgers, would you?  There’s no way that a building of that size and age would have no record of things like taxes or fees or utility bills at the very least, so—”
She casts her eyes to Sherlock briefly and he bites off a curt, “I’m very clever.  I’m sure I can keep up.”
Sherlock frowns at him.  “What?”
“Ah,” John says and clears his throat, snatching a face flannel from the sink and draping it over his lap.  “I suppose when I said ‘giving Rosie a bath’ I should have been clearer and said ‘I’m in the bath with Rosie.”
John’s out at the surgery for another two hours and twenty-seven more minutes, counting the cab ride home, and Rosie will be on an outing with Molly until at least tea time; no reason not to play it now and just get it over with.  But he can’t seem to force his fingers to close over the disc enough to take it to his laptop to play.  His extremities are numb, his heart races, and a bit of a flop sweat has broken out on his brow.  Stupid, stupid.  Nothing to be afraid of, even Mary’s said it herself right on the envelope, knowing he’d be terrified to find out whatever piece of advice or instruction she’s deemed important enough to save for last.
Blood rushes to Sherlock’s cheeks so quickly he swears he can
“Please tell me that you didn’t blackmail the poor soul into your bed, Mycroft.  That’s beneath you.  And if that poor person has been beneath you, no amount of money would be enough.”
“A five at best,” John finishes.  “You can solve a five in an afternoon.  Without leaving the flat.  So why all the effort to come out here, especially when you were obviously so unhappy about making the trip?”
Sherlock nods but doesn’t remove his hands from his face.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow to slits.  “I’m also exceedingly well-versed in Aikido and Judo, if you must know.  And baritsu, but that’s more an offshoot of my fencing training.”
Another nod.  Eventually, the detective admits, “I dreamt it was you instead of Mary.”
“I’m not stupid, you know.”
Sherlock screeches to a halt in the doorway to the kitchen, blinking at least twelve times while staring ahead into space, before he can formulate a response.  “Lady Smallwood,” Sherlock answers, his voice as even as he can manage.  “What an … unexpected pleasure to hear from you this evening.”
“It’s okay, my love, shhhh.  You’re going to be all right.  Daddy’s going to take care of you.  I’m so sorry.”  This time, the apology gets stuck in his throat and his voice hitches.
“Sherlock,” he says gently, leaning in towards his friend so that his voice can penetrate in the most non-jarring way he can manage.  “Sherlock, come on now; wake up.”
“Right,” Sherlock answers, not wanting to point out that John’s bath this morning is exactly why they
The doctor leaves his chair then and, to Sherlock’s surprise, kneels in front of the leather armchair to place his hands on Sherlock’s where they clutch at his knees.  Sherlock can feel how wide and panicked his eyes are, how tightly he grips his shins, how stiff his shoulders, but John’s palms are warm, heavy, comforting on the backs of his hands, his thumbs gently circling as he speaks in a hushed tone.
“I—what?  No!”  There.  More than one word.  It seems like progress.  Although his ruby-red cheeks probably aren’t doing him any favors.
John stems the tumble of remorseful self-flagellation into his folded hands and lifts his head.  He’s taken his chair across from where Sherlock has curled up in his own, head hung low between his shoulders as he hunches over his knees.  God, after all these months of trying like hell to be better, healthier, he’s still
“Very good, sweetie,” John coos.  “Papa.  And who’s this?”  He taps her cheek this time.
John.”
The young man perches at the edge of the seat looking like he wants to melt into the floor.  The boy’s light blue eyes dart from John’s hands folded on his knee to the framed picture of Mary and Rosie that he keeps on his desk.  It takes until the third or fourth glance at his hands for John to realize that Alex is staring at his wedding ring – which, in all honestly, John had forgotten was still on his finger nearly a year and a half after Mary’s death.  Alex bounces between John’s ring and the sunny picture of wife and child.  Ah.  John had planned another little talk about empowerment and control of one’s sexual destiny but something completely different tumbles out of his mouth.
John tries not to sigh as he prepares to give her the Not His Area speech that he’s given to dozens of other women instantly enamored with the detective and his bloody cheekbones, but when John refocuses his attention on the doctor, there is an unmistakable spark of interest in her eyes and Sherlock is not the target.  John’s Pulling Smile – as Mary had jokingly called it – leaps to his face without thought.
His voice trails off to a whisper at the end of the sentence and his heart aches in his chest so much that he leans forward and presses his lips to the mottled skin of one of the larger marks on Sherlock’s spine.  The detective doesn’t gasp but rather his whole back shudders beneath John’s lips, to the point that John can’t tell if it’s one breath that stutters throughout or a series of tiny breaths that can’t quite all piece together.  By the time John pulls his lips away from Sherlock’s warm skin to rest his forehead on the detective’s back again, Sherlock pants in tiny gulps of air.
Sherlock stops and grips Rosie’s crib.  John takes another few steps until he can feel the heat of Sherlock bouncing against his crossed arms.
When John’s thumbs skim down the center seam of Sherlock’s trousers, over his arse, Sherlock’s head snaps forward again and he stares blankly at the fireplace.
“That’s fairly unhelpful,” John mutters with a lopsided grin.  “But not entirely surprising if she and Mycroft were in the middle of shag—”
he says, his voice cutting through the air, icy and sharp.
of stuff here.
Shrugging, John answers, “I don’t need a doctor who makes house calls.  I have a live-in detective.”
“A few things,” the detective responds.  “But those details are … private.”  Sherlock finds he has to clear his throat again.
*****
“Don’t.”
“Night night,” Rosie says dutifully.
“Mycroft, you were right—”
“Really?” John asks, genuinely curious.  “All this time we’ve known each other, how did I never—”
to treat anyone who puts their trust in me to help them.  Secondly, nobody gets sex completely right when they’re new at it and anyone who says they have is an enormous liar.”
said ‘until we get on our feet’.
I be upset?”
“Stop,” Sherlock groans.  “Stop teasing me, John; have pity.”
“It’s about
“As long as you’re—”
“It soaked through my trousers and my pants,” he says ruefully.  “My groin was a very festive shade of lavender.”
he’ll save us before we
John scowls as well.  “Sherlock, we’re sitting here with a toddler that has a second-degree blistering burn on her neck at half past ten on a Tuesday night.  They’re going to think we’ve abused her.”
“Okay.”
you feel those things?”
“Fine,” Sherlock says quietly.  “Then I forgive you.”
“Good morning, John,” he says in his deep rumble that is a bit rough from sleep.  He’s graceful even now, with pillow creases on his cheek and a riot of bed hair, as he levers himself up to mirror John’s posture against the headboard.
To say that John is disappointed in the days following his epiphany would be a vast understatement.  Well, of course he’s relieved that Rosie recuperates from the scalding almost immediately (faster than John recovers from the guilt) with only a tiny little fleck of a scar just at the base of her neck, and that only because John can’t keep her fingers off the scab once the blister had started to heal.  Sherlock, on the other hand … John can’t help but be disappointed.  He tries to keep it close to the chest but the fact that Sherlock acts no differently in the days following the A&E trip is as baffling as it is frustrating.  From the well of supportive calm to the gentle clasp of his hand in John’s, Sherlock had given the impression that even if he wasn’t overflowing with ardent affection, at least maybe John wasn’t barmy or alone in his feelings.  Maybe there’d been something to it all these years when people saw them as a couple.  Although the detective hasn’t suddenly reverted to the age-old gruff dismissal of sentiment the way he used to, things settle back into a place where John sometimes feels as if he imagined the whole evening.  Only the tiny mark on Rosie’s neck and the ghost-like memory of cool digits wrapped around his own makes him think it wasn’t some kind of hallucination.  So John spends the next week doing the only thing he can think of: putting his head down and soldiering on.
Or, rather, you’ve just finished having sex,” Sherlock amends and then pulls a face.  “Good Lord, I think I’m going to be sick.”
“Yeah, that was convincing.  It may not be dislocated
He can almost hear Sherlock’s lips turn up at the corners.  “Your confidence in my skills is bracing, John, but perhaps a bit unrealistic.”
“Damned if I can keep the names straight,” John chortles.  “I just know it started out sounding like a sad gypsy and then got quite bouncy.”
John shifts and settles again.  “You were … using a toy.”
“Did she offer to ‘make a house call’?” he jibes with no small amount of disdain.
John growls.  “No one
Sherlock regards him with a raised eyebrow.  John rocks Rosie in his arms as she sniffles and sucks her thumb.  He leans towards Sherlock, hoping that his comments won’t be overhead when the detective leans in as well.
“She’s a prodigy, John; mark my words.”
“Live with Dr. Watson.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says even though he definitely
John shrugs, not the least bit self-conscious apparently.  “Both, I guess.  You’ve just never given any indication of
John heaves the door shut behind him and leans on it for a second to recover his faculties.  The instant he does, though, he hears the low grunts of voice resume and a rather enthusiastic noise that makes John’s spine tingle.  He rockets down the stairs and resolves to take a cab to work to save time and damn the cost.  He’s just pulling up outside the clinic when he realizes he’s rock hard in his trousers.  It takes a good five minutes of sitting on a very cold bench outside the clinic before he feels collected enough to go inside without scandalizing anyone.
– while Rosie gums at some teething biscuits in her high chair next to him.  Despite Sherlock’s disdain, he’s fairly proud of himself for managing to wrangle a ridiculously sensational case into relatively unembellished language.  Sherlock reads it over his shoulder, huffing and eye-rolling and pretending not to be chuffed to come off like a cross between Indiana Jones and James Bond.  As a result of Sherlock’s good spirits, they enjoy a lovely, leisurely evening of dinner at Angelo’s and a nice ramble around Regent’s Park with Rosie charming all the nearby patrons in the restaurant as she shows them all her new stuffed tiger that Sherlock bought her – he’s a bit puffed up with his own cleverness; it’s going to take ages for John to deflate his ego over this one.  They’re just strolling past the Open Air Theater, Sherlock nattering on about the recent production of Oliver Twist, when a muffled moan comes from Sherlock’s pocket.  John glances from pocket to detective to pocket again, noting with no little amount of exasperation the rosy flush that suffuses his friend’s high cheekbones.  Sherlock ignores it, his face studiously blank, but the corner of his eye twitches as two more moans float out from the depths of the Belstaff in rapid succession.
“A few?” John asks.  His fingers skim over some of the more prominent marks on Sherlock’s back.  He stops counting at nineteen.  “This is more than a few weeks’ worth, Sherlock.  There’s
Below is a timeline of when things happen in season 4, as best I could work it out, and with notes on where I plan to go in my series --- hopefully this will spark your interest in future vignettes.  Whenever something is marked as "(ish)" on the month, it means there is no direct reference in canon and I did my best to guess or extrapolate based on time lapse.
“And you didn’t sign on for recovering, often relapsing, drug addict who shoots holes in walls, keeps body parts next to the butter, and has siblings with dubious or completely absent moral structures.  And yet—” Sherlock mimics John’s gesture to his moving cartons, “—here we are again.”
Rosie gazes up at the doctor balefully and jams her whole hand in her mouth.  The doctor smiles as she takes John’s hand and gives a few firm pumps but he doesn’t miss that her sharp hazel eyes travel over him then Rosie then Sherlock, all in the space of the handshake.
in the series, including (but not limited to): Rosie (at various ages), Mary (though I won't say how, other than "yes, she's really dead"), Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Mycroft.  Possibly more as it fancies me.  That doesn't mean, however, that each of these characters will appear in every vignette.
The fond smiles from John have become increasingly frequent in the five months since John and Rosie have made Baker Street their home, and particularly since the events of the anniversary of Mary’s death … which is what has Sherlock baffled.  With the obvious exception of the presence of a toddler and subsequent need for a babysitter, not much changes in regards to the way John and Sherlock relate to each other in the months following the anniversary of Mary’s death.  At least, nothing
John chuckles.  “Yep.”
“Mycroft,” John says again as if he may have misheard.  “Having
Sherlock hears shuffling on the other end of the line and a few unsteady breaths.
“Right.   Right!” John says, jumping a bit as he kicks into motion.  “Sorry, I just—” As he casts his eyes away from the bed, they catch on a manila folder sitting atop Sherlock’s dresser.  John’s legs wobble beneath him as he skirts along the side of the room to snatch it up.  “Sorry.  Rosie’s medical records.  I was.  Looking for them.  I’ll just—” He flails one hand back towards the flat door.  “Go then.  To work.  Sorry.”
perhaps?” Sherlock says, his voice thick with humor and sarcasm.
There she is on his screen again: same tired but smiling eyes, same bouncing curls – after Rosie was born, then, as Mary had let her hair grow during late pregnancy – same shirt as the last two videos, so clearly made all at the same time.  He nearly misses the beginning of her message when his brain darts towards trying to place the timing of when she made the video by when she purchased that particular shirt, but he yanks his attention back to the screen when she sighs and says his name.
his consideration these days….  The man who called himself a sociopath for so long has begun to show his heart without reservation and John doesn’t quite know how to accept that.  Accept that he is the recipient of that great heart so much of the time.  It makes John feel as if something is shaking loose in his chest and he is just as unsettled by it as he is warmed.
“Rosie and I decided to attempt finger painting this morning and really, I should have known better,” John says by way of an explanation.  “Apparently she decided my khaki trousers didn’t have enough color and dumped an entire cup of blue paint and half the red down the front of them before I could stop her.”
John wordlessly puts up two fingers on the hand not holding his tea and brings it up for a sip.  Sherlock chuckles roundly at the rude gesture then shakes his head as John immediately winces at the scalding temperature of the drink.
John feels his own eyes water as Rosie clutches his fingers and turns her face into Sherlock’s damp palm.  The detective bends and murmurs to her for another few minutes, his voice rasping a bit when Rosie presses her damp cheek to his.  As the water trickles over her shoulder and John counts the minutes, Sherlock speaks soothingly and eyes John.
Sherlock can’t help but grin.  “Certainly not with Mycroft.”  John chortles in a rough whisper of voice.  “And if there were any moments like that with Eurus, I was either too small to remember or I’ve blocked them out completely.”
“Is this professional curiosity, Dr. Watson, or personal?”
“You’re
John’s brow furrows; he’s genuinely gobsmacked by that assertion.  “Haven’t I?”
Sherlock whirls to give him a slant-eyed glare but stops when he sees a flush climb from beneath the collar of John’s shirt up to his cheeks.
“I—yeah, I suppose I did.”
– should excuse what I did to you.  You were dying and I knew it and I still—Christ, I damn near killed you.  Smith had to stop me.  The man who was a bloody
to see—but then again—
“You don’t say,” Sherlock answers, thankful that his voice remains mostly steady.
Heart kicking against his ribs, Sherlock spends a brief moment debating doing just that.  Telling John that the description does sound like him.  That only John would have bothered to look for something like this rather than simply write Sherlock off as an unfeeling, asexual machine.  That perhaps he can only feel desire for a man’s body when he already desires the heart.  That perhaps this is why he finds himself drowning in want for John every time his fingers touch his own skin.  But although the sense memory of John’s hand smooth and strong within his own still has shocking potency after nearly a month, he still can’t shake the memory of how frightened John looked when he called Sherlock beautiful.
The noise on the other side of the phone deadens completely.
“I’ll go get Rosie,” Sherlock mutters and heads off towards his bedroom.
“And that necessitated a bath rather than a change of clothes?”
Sherlock sits up so swiftly that John startles when the detective leans far into his field of view.  “John, stop.  Stop this.  Neither one of us has treated the other as well as we should, and I’ve told you it’s fine, I des—”
The detective crosses his right leg over his left and leans back in his chair, dropping his hands to his lap and folding his fingers together, a picture of nonchalance despite the tension that threatens to break through any minute.  Extremely unlikely that John will notice, though, which is the entire point of the charade.  “You want to talk about this morning.”
o	New Year's Day - end events of His Last Vow: 'last moment on tarmac';  Moriarty ‘fake-out’; events of Abominable Bride (in Sherlock's head), near OD
“Oh, what does that matter?” John protests and then drops his voice to a near whisper when Rosie stirs.  “Isn’t that what Mary said?  It doesn’t matter what we really are; she knew what we
The Monday after the A&E incident, he’s running incredibly late getting ready for work.  Rosie spent the entire weekend cutting another tooth and being completely miserable about it; Sherlock hasn’t had a case in nearly a week.  As a result, John spends the majority of his two days’ rest dealing with two unreasonable children.  Sleep deprivation, John decides with one last look in the mirror before leaving, is not a good look on him.  He’s just glad Sherlock hasn’t left his room yet this morning, otherwise he’d likely have heard an exhaustive list of all the ways he looks like complete and utter shite this morning.  As a matter of fact, he hasn’t looked or felt this knackered since Rosie started sleeping through the night at eight months old.  It’s not entirely surprising, then, that John’s gotten halfway to the Baker Street tube station before he realizes that he’s left behind Rosie’s medical records that he’s supposed to fax over to her new pediatrician this week in anticipation of her two-year-old checkup at the end of next month.  He grouses to himself the entire walk back to the flat, periodically checking his watching and swearing.  At this rate, he’ll be so late it’ll be lunch time when he gets there and he knows he’s far too curt when he rings the clinic to warn them but he really can’t be bothered to be polite.
She shifts around a bit, throwing more indistinct noises over the receiver, before Sherlock hears a gruff grunt that is most definitely Mycroft.  Sherlock shudders.
“As you said, John, this is a five at most and yet, I can’t solve it!  If you didn’t insist on conditioning me to eat and sleep at regular intervals, I would have sharper focus and—”
“John—”
The progress of the case proves to be similarly frustrating.  The local clerk meets them at the station and takes John and Sherlock immediately to the historical society’s office, giving a swift but thorough explanation of the situation and setting Sherlock up with every paper record and computer file he could need to begin his investigation.  Almost immediately, the towheaded young man declares that he’s going to pop out to a local bed-and-breakfast to secure them overnight accommodations.  John’s eyes dart upwards when Sherlock doesn’t argue; clearly he’s expecting Sherlock to be able to solve it before it would be too late to take a train home since Sherlock had declared the case to be no more than a three or four when he first introduced it to John.
John doesn’t let himself reconsider his actions, he simply acts: he threads his arm beneath Sherlock’s back and pulls, rolling the taller man onto his side and cradling him into the pocket of his shoulder.  Sherlock stays stiff against him as John lifts a hand and palms Sherlock’s face but the detective doesn’t resist when John gently guides the other man down against his chest.  Shifting a bit to get the best angle, John shimmies until Sherlock’s cheek lays directly atop his sternum.  He knows that the heartbeat under his friend’s ear is nearly audible in the still room.
gay men would be aroused at the idea of having something that looks like a cock penetrate them, but as Mycroft would say, ‘balance of probability.’”
Sherlock glares back and immediately jams his hands into his trouser pockets but it’s no good; the stiffness in his posture is unmistakable and he’s favoring the shoulder in the way he’s holding himself up.
John scowls, but it’s mostly for show.  “That is practically impossible.  Most days, you never go to sleep!”
“Sherlock,” John says with more conviction, waiting until the detective gazes up from the monitor to continue.  “What’s wrong?  You were even more disagreeable than usual on the train—”
John stays quiet for a moment then asks, “Want to tell me what you were looking for under my shirt?”
“Interesting.”
Sherlock still stares flatly at his laptop screen by the time John makes it into the sitting room.  He flicks a gaze to where John stands with his hand on the back of his armchair, a questioning look on his face.  When Sherlock doesn’t answer, just gapes at John silently, the doctor’s expression goes from relaxed and inquisitive to focused concern in a heartbeat.
fault?”
When John’s voice comes, it’s achingly soft.  “Why didn’t you just say so?  I mean, all that time ago… in Angelo’s, even, that first night.  You could have said.  I wouldn’t have minded one way or the other.  Why didn’t you just say?”
Sherlock stiffens beneath his hands.  Oh God, no.  “… Not long.”
“Should have known better,” Sherlock chortles then reaches out a fingertip to tap the end of Rosie’s nose.  “She’s a shameless nudist.”
John says with no little amount of sarcasm, “but I thought you might like something different.  Asked about and came up with the Indian place around the corner.  Seriously, you didn’t notice that I was gone for over an hour?”
“No, you’re not,” Sherlock cuts through.  When John makes to get up again, Sherlock pushes down on his shoulder and the gesture is decidedly less gentle.  John sits.  He watches Sherlock go to the sink and mimic John’s movements, sluicing water over Rosie’s shoulder, neck, chest, and anywhere he thinks the tea might have splashed her, murmuring all the while.  Eventually, she stops sobbing and trails off into whimpering sniffles.
Scoffing loudly, John stares him down.  “You know, Sherlock, just because I’m not as observant as you are doesn’t mean I don’t see and it doesn’t mean I don’t understand you.”
“You’re seeing Ella again?”  He can’t help the surprise in his voice.
It’s an avoidance tactic, he knows.  Self-preservation.  Sherlock can’t bring himself to say it all, so he’s asking John to do it for him.  John understands, so he obliges.  Sherlock was right: John was a soldier and a doctor in a brutal place; he knows what he’s looking at, for the most part.
“Two full inches, John.”  Sherlock turns to give him an assessing glance without dislodging Rosie or their twined hands.  “Two and a half.”
She sits back and folds her hands, staring deliberately at the camera for a long moment, waiting for John to cotton on.  John is flummoxed into silence.  Eventually, when Mary speaks again, he realizes he’s clapped a hand over his mouth in shock.
“Sit,” Sherlock says, his voice still low.  “I’ll take care of her.  Take a moment to calm down.”
*****
“Okay,” John says, mulling it over.  “Then you’ve never had any interest in pursuing something with any of the men you’ve ever been attracted to in the past, when you do feel drawn?”
Sherlock strides away from the pair of them and snaps, “That makes me a babysitter, John, not a parent.  We shouldn’t
Mycroft and his men show up approximately thirty-seven minutes later.  Both John and Sherlock are decently dressed by then but Mycroft’s eyes dart from their flushed cheeks to the dark stain on the front of the Belstaff and raises a slim eyebrow as the detective and doctor trot out of the shed towards the waiting helicopter.
She gives him a rueful smile.  “Isn’t it always?  Good night, Miss Rosamund.  Have a good sleep and you’ll be all better.”
A/N - please take note of the change in rating for this chapter.  *winky eyes* It's about to get sexy all up in this piece.  Also, in this chapter, you'll see my take on what Sherlock's sexuality actually is.  I didn't want to tag it at the beginning of the story because it would "give away" a major plot point but I have adjusted the tags accordingly now; shouldn't be anything that triggers anyone (there's nothing traumatic about it, just that I know Sherlock's sexuality is a much-debated/theorized issue in the fandom) but I didn't want to give anything away.  And as you'll see ... my John is a bit of a cock tease.  Sorry not sorry.  ^_^
John studies the sharp planes of Sherlock’s face as his friend offers him a hand up from the sofa.  A long moment passes before John moves as Sherlock stands there, hand out, and something achingly vulnerable passes over the angular features that makes John’s chest feel tight.  He reaches out, clasps Sherlock’s wrist, and allows him to haul John up to his feet.
“I—” Sherlock begins, falters, tries again.  “Of course I do, John.”  Then, quieter, “She’s you.”
“Hmmm?” John says.  His voice is too clear to be as nonchalant as he’s attempting to sound.
.  But don't let that scare you away because there is some serious awesomeness in here too and some fun sexiness as well.
“The average British male is five foot
“Let me have a look,” John prompts.
Her chubby hand moves to pat Sherlock’s cheek where a thin stream of tears trickles down from one eye.  “He does,” Sherlock murmurs to the girl.
Sherlock doesn’t bother with a “goodnight” in response, just brings the phone down from his ear and stares at it after he hears Lady Smallwood rings off.  Sometime in the minute or two where Sherlock stands gaping at his mobile, the downstairs flat door opens and closes and John shuffles up the stairs, the distinctly uneven thumping gait indicating that he decided it easier to walk Rosie up the stairs and carry the chair than attempt to carry her up in it like last time.  His shoulder ached for a week.  Sherlock has only managed to make it as far as the sitting room by the time John and Rosie have hung up their jackets and wandered in.
“Never.  You’re not a freak, Sherlock; you’re a
*****
And then it crashes over him and it’s too much.
Sherlock narrows his eyes just a tiny bit.
John leans forward and gives her a peck on the lips which the little girl returns but flaps her arms indignantly.
“They detained me for a few weeks and attempted to extract the information they need.”
You’re
o	As much adherence to canon as I can manage.  Since this is post-season 4, I can do whatever the hell I want AFTER the events of The Final Problem, but I personally like to write as close to canon as I can (just a personal preference) so there will be no "pretend TFP/TLD/whatever never happened" here.  Hope that doesn't put anyone off.
“John.”
“John,” Sherlock says close to his face.  The word is his whole universe for a moment.
Sherlock fetches it and returns swiftly, handing the medicine over to John and watching like a hawk as John doses her and brushes the wisps of hair away from her face.  Another few minutes go by as he waits for the medicine to take effect; when he angles her neck to take another look, he lets out a gruff curse.
o	Late January/Early February(ish) – Rosie’s first birthday
A long, loaded pause.  “Do you still?”
Astonished, John scans back through his memory and realizes that it’s true; in the last several months, he can only remember a handful of instances where it was clear that Sherlock had not been to sleep when John rose with his daughter.  He’s stunned to realize that this is just another instance in the growing list of ways that Sherlock seems to have rearranged his entire livelihood for John (and now Rosie).  Another thing for which John may never be able to repay him.
For the first time, John looks directly at him, his expression a thundercloud and his eyes wild.  “Of course not on purpose,” he spits but his anger fizzles quickly.  His gaze darts away.  “I woke up shouting.  It woke up Rosie.”
If Sherlock had actually
This time John looks Sherlock straight in the face.  “I’m trying to work on not pushing people away when they offer help.  Trying not to be quite so defensive about my short-comings.  So … thank you for helping with Rosie tonight.  For trying to help me.  I’m sorry if I’m a bastard about it sometimes, but … I really couldn’t do this without you.”
His eyes take in the scene even though his brain still has trouble processing it: Rosie in one end of the tub with streaks of blue and red paint running from her hair down across her sturdy little chest; the girl slapping her palms on the surface of the water and laughing delightedly at the columns of spray that splash around her; dappled bubbles that have mostly dissipated from the surface of the bath water; bubbles which don’t manage to cover the metres
“I … what you said that night I got the knife wound, it … it stuck with me, John.”
*****
“But John—”
John chuckles and the sound releases some of the tension in the detective’s chest.  John shuffles over to his chair and plonks himself down, crossing his socked feet in that odd, bent-inwards way he does when he’s content.
After a moment, he manages, “Would you like to talk about it?”
Sherlock seems completely nonplussed with the progress of the entire situation, his face a stark mask of surprise and … hope?  Apparently, he’s not quite sure he deserves what happened, but he’s clutching Rosie tightly enough to his chest that maybe he just doesn’t want to admit he’s pleased with it.
He practically
o	October through December –
John stands up and pulls Rosie to his shoulder.  “I should go and put her down for the night.  Getting late.”
When John just stares at him with raised eyebrows, Sherlock continues.
“‘Don’t be ridiculous, John,’” the doctor snarks.  He starts shifting from foot to foot and chaffing his hands against his sleeves. “The murderer wouldn’t abandon us in the middle of the forest in January!  We’re the only ones with the combination to the safe, John!’”
John flushes guilty and a little part of him hiccups when he realizes he has to pull his hand from Sherlock’s to offer to the doctor to shake.  “John Watson, and this is Rosamund.”
fathers who love her to distraction,” John finishes.
“Of course not, John,” Sherlock says, snapping the lid of his laptop shut.  He isn’t quite ready to say more than that, so he steeples his fingers in front of him and rests his chin atop them, focusing his gaze on the wall in front of them.
“Good,” Sherlock says stiffly.  “That’s … good.”
bewildered.  Bewilder
"A live, human person?"
No such luck, of course.  “You want me to give you a reason to share overnight accommodations with John?”
“As I attempted to tell you earlier, John, this case is more involved than I initially anticipated.  It’s—”
Sherlock’s fingers tighten on Rosie as she reaches out chubby fingers to John and bleats, “Dada!” but he releases his grip and hands her over to a puzzled John.  The doctor gives his daughter a quick, sweeping glance but finds nothing amiss.
John blinks a bit at the non-sequitur.  “Would I what?”
Alex snatches up the phone, glancing from Sherlock to John and back.  “He’s
Sherlock,” John points out.
Rather proving that the girl has spent an inordinate amount of time with Sherlock, his daughter gives him a speaking glare that clearly states that John an idiot for asking the question. Sherlock guffaws.
“The kitchen,” John repeats, gesturing.
“And tonight, all I could think was what would happen if you were really hurt.  What would happen if he managed to stick his knife in you somewhere that wouldn’t leave time for medical help?  I … just couldn’t see past how I seem doomed to be helpless while the people I love die in my arms.”  He looks up to where Sherlock is sitting, legs pulled up to his chest and arms wound around them, his bare feet and old pajamas and posh dressing gown all at odds with each other, expression miserable and lost like a frightened little boy.
“I … yes, of course,” Sherlock says quietly, clearly baffled at the abrupt shift.  He starts towards the desk to retrieve his instrument but a hand touches his chest and he starts to stoop towards his discarded shirt.
John thinks the word.  He thinks it and doesn’t want to say it because he knows it’s the right one but God, he doesn’t want it to be the right one.
“Go down and get a cab, will you?” John answers as he lifts Rosie up against his chest.
Does he ever just use his hand on his cock or does he always use a toy?  His fingers?  Something else entirely?  John proceeds to see all these things on a loop … Sherlock as he was on the bed this morning, working a toy in his arse as he strokes himself.  Sherlock dripping wet in the shower and striping the wall with his come.  Sherlock leaning back against the kitchen counter and fisting his cock inside the folds of his dressing gown.  Sherlock splayed over his chair, fucking up into his hand as he impales himself on his fingers.  Sherlock laid out face down on the sofa, arse raised up a bit as he thrusts against the cushions.  It drives John bloody mad all day long.  He then discovers that his subconscious mind is unbelievably cruel and demands attention be paid to just how long it’s been since he’s gotten laid, because when John’s brain exhausts all the possible ways Sherlock could be wanking himself into oblivion while John isn’t there, he starts picturing the two of them shagging in every possible variation John knows of that two men can fuck.  And as it turns out, John is far more knowledgeable than he realized about gay sex.
Sherlock shrugs then drags a chair over and digs into the tikka masala with relish, giving John an unrepentant but genuine smile in response.  John just huffs a bit, an expected show of frustration, before he takes a swig from a bottle of water and regards him with a far more astute gaze.
“No, you’re right.  You’ve already let me poke my nose in farther than I should have.”
“It’s all right, love; it’s okay,” John says in his calmest tone, trying not to betray the squeeze of worry in his chest.  “I’m so sorry, darling.  You’re all right.  I’m so sorry—”
Now John raises an eyebrow.  “Well, go on, tell me: how’d I do?”
maybe) of John’s naked skin.  He sits at the other end, slick from the bath and clusters of bubbles clinging to his arms and chest in odd places; rivulets of water run down from John’s hair which he has pushed away from his face, dripping down his chest and back.  The thread-bare yellow flannel never seemed quite so small before but now seems woefully inadequate to the task of covering John’s—
“You as well,” Alex says as he heads out the door of the exam room.  He pokes his head back in to give just the hint of a cheeky smile.  “Keep your eyes on your one, yeah?  He looks like he’s trouble.”
Using the most gentle and professional tone he can, he explains about the importance of thorough and careful preparation before anal sex, the possibility of tears and such, and then praises him for coming in to see a doctor right away if he suspected there might be something amiss, hoping that it might ease some of his embarrassment and encourage good sex practices in the future.  The boy blushes the entire time, resolutely staring at the floor, but nods and occasionally murmurs a few things that show he’s paying attention.  John turns his back to put on gloves as the boy drops his trousers and pants before laying down on the exam table.  He jumps as John prods gently here and there but more from surprise than pain, as far as John can see.
John scowls.  “Still bothering you?”
John chuckles.  “Decent start then.  Why don’t you—” John flicks his head in the direction of Sherlock’s room, “—collect what you need and I’ll finish up in here.  Molly’s coming round for Rosie at two, so should give us plenty of time pack a few bags before we set off.”
“Morning,” John echoes, his voice as even as he can manage.  “Sleep okay?”
“But John—”
Thanks for following along and I hope you enjoy.  Keeping it short in my author's note for once.
“No, John.  I think that they may have it … but they got lax towards the end, only one guard on me and it was Mycroft undercover, so I pulled a few timely deductions on the man with the pipe so he would leave me alone.  I suspect that if it had gone on longer, they might have—but no.  They didn’t … they didn’t.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.  “When I remove my coat, strip as quickly as possible and then I’ll wrap the coat back around us.”
John gapes at him for a few seconds before he recovers and his face is a calm mask of compassion again.  “You’re right; I’m sorry.  Not my business.”
“The latter,” Sherlock admits, gratified that John’s smile deepens as he offers Sherlock a takeaway container and some plastic silverware.  Sherlock inhales deeply and then opens his mouth to ask but John beats him to it.
As they hand over the still-sleepy toddler, Molly’s gaze bounces between the two of them with clear curiosity and speculation but neither of them acknowledge it.  With a somewhat bewildered smile, Molly precedes them down the stairs, Sherlock hoisting Rosie’s bag onto one shoulder and gripping his case in the other hand.  John follows him wordlessly but Sherlock can feel the pressure of the doctor’s eyes like a palpable presence on the back of his neck.
“Oh!” John blurts, and this time the tone of surprise isn’t manufactured.  He’d momentarily forgotten why he came in here in the first place.  “Sorry, could you, um …?”
John.”
“You sound upset.”
“She did it to wind you up, John.  It was ridiculously easy to do.”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock says in a clipped, frosty tone that has the girl jerking in place as if she’s just woken abruptly.
“Kiss.  Shock,” she says once more.  Then, “Spehmin.”
When he first extended the invitation for John to move back in Sherlock had imagined that the experience of having a small, developing human in his home on a constant basis would be tolerable at the best of times and frustrating at the worst.  It is a frustration he’d happily accept on John’s account, but a frustration all the same.  After all, small children are a never-ending cycle of messy foods, squashy or noisy toys that litter the floor, drooling mouths, grabbing hands that can upset chemicals and experiments, and near-constant need for diligent attention.  Instead of inconvenienced, Sherlock finds himself nothing less than intrigued and enchanted by the girl.  His tiny god-daughter is a marvel: at times, watching her progress feels like witnessing a self-sustaining experiment conduct itself in front of his eyes; at others, he staggers at the simplicity of her sheer joy and uncomplicated affection.  Even when she is inconsolable for no discernable reason, Sherlock feels pulled to her in a way that he has only ever experienced once before (with her father).
all this time puts him in a foul sulk.  Sherlock doesn’t return for a full seven hours, which John only knows because he’s still staring angrily at the ceiling at 5am when the downstairs flat door opens and closes with a muted click.  Obviously he’s now moved on from stroppy teenager to jealous housewife, which only makes him even surlier.  Unable to chase away his black mood even after a good sleep, John can’t shake a feeling of general discomfiture until he sees Ella three days later.
Also - I am insanely tempted to write the "other side" of the phone call with Mycroft and Lady Smallwood because I was insanely tickled by the scene in s4 where she gives him her personal number.  Writing a Mycroft sex scene would be a huge challenge for me but I think it would be super fun.  If you would be interested in reading that, let me know.
He looks up at the statue again, thinking of the panic on Sherlock’s face when John asked if there was a man whom he
“All evidence to the contrary,” he says and takes another drink despite it not being any cooler than a moment ago.
“Lamb Tikka Masala.  I went down to the pub – which is right next door to our bed-and-breakfast and the clerk assured me it is
“Lanky git.”  It bears stating out loud.
John wrinkles his nose in apparent disgust.
*****
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Mycroft says huffily.  He doesn’t deny it, though.
Eight and a half minutes later, John still hasn’t come up with a way of getting dressed for bed without looking like a prat or getting naked in front of Sherlock so he decides to just brazen it out and hope for the best.  He towels off swiftly as the tub drains, shuffling the terrycloth over his hair to remove any errant drops, and stands in front of the mirror for a few moments, pondering.  Deciding against anything that would scream that he’s attempting to impress someone – Sherlock would sniff it out in a second – he just gives himself an honest, hard once-over.  He isn’t bad looking, really; he’s pulled plenty of women over the years despite being more than averagely short and sort of plain as far as his face is concerned.  He turns said face back and forth in front of the glass, deciding that it’s not such a bad face.  It’s a face that’s actually improved over time even with his hair mostly grey and his eyes tired from grief and raising a toddler.  The only ‘ugly’ thing on him is the scar, and even that doesn’t really bother him all that much anymore.  All right, he isn’t posh and handsome like Sherlock but John firmly tells himself he’s got nothing to be ashamed of, so he wraps the towel around his waist and heads out to the bedroom.
“Oh,” I believe I whispered.
“Not so, Lestrade. I do not propose that Jane nor myself appear in the matter at all. To you, and to you only, belongs the credit of the remarkable arrest which you have effected.” She clapped the inspector on the arm. “Yes, Lestrade, I congratulate you! With your usual happy mixture of cunning and audacity you have got him.”
I paused. “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”
“I understand.”
I pivoted to look at the cabinet. I had boxed up a few of the more painful reminders of my old flatmate, and noted the empty spaces he referred to. When I turned again, Sherlock Holmes herself was standing there smiling at me across our sitting room.
“I promise,” said Holmes immediately.
“Do you object?”
Upon observing it for a scant instant, Holmes held it out to me. “A soft revolver bullet, as you perceive, Watson. There’s genius in that, for who would expect to find such a thing fired from an air gun. All right, Mrs. Hudson, I am much obliged for your assistance. And now, Watson, let me see you in your old seat once more, for there are several points which I should like to discuss with you.”
As time melted like icicles into Spring, we came back to ourselves sprawled in a tangle before the fire, my skirt rucked up and shirtwaist undone, my Sherlock in similar
The crowd burst into jubilant applause, none more so than my friend, who cried out,
“And the florid face?” I asked, eyes narrowed, to which my companion was accordingly sheepish.
“Before you do, I must object. I have not found you a coward in any way, quite the contrary, in fact.”
“Do you mean that you are on the right track?” I inquired politely.
“So tender hearted, dear girl,” Her effusive praise was likewise as irking as Gregson’s
“Our target, darling.”
I laughed at this cross-examination, finally gleaning what Stamford had addressed as ‘eccentricity’. Still, Ms. Holmes’ presumption was in line with my plans, so I answered, “I have naught but a stipend and little means to procure work. I object to rows because my nerves are shaken, and I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours, and I am extremely lazy. I have vices that have not plagued me in years, but those are the principal ones at present.”
“Men,” Holmes said with disgust, “Foul creatures. Too often they confuse passion and brutality. No, I find no company with them. And women! Dolls, made up for the other sex, breaking their backs to heave mankind up like Atlas, all while insisting on empty-headedness in pursuit of security. Neither sex holds appeal for me, my dear Watson. I am entirely my own. A singularity.”
Curious beyond reason, I pressed myself in behind her so that I might look. The panel contained a photograph, cabinet sized, standing up at an angle to fit, and an envelope. Holmes withdrew both with shaking hands. The photograph was of Irene Adler herself in an elegant evening gown, while the letter was superscribed to “Sherlock Holmes. To be left till called for.” My friend tore it open and she and I read it together. It was dated at midnight of the preceding night and ran in this way:
Well practiced, Holmes and I fluidly melted into the shadows against the wall. My hand closed upon the handle of my revolver, drawing it free of my handbag. Peering through the gloom, I saw the vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the open door. He stood for an instant, and then he crept forward, crouching, menacing, into the room. He was within three yards of us, this sinister figure, and my finger tensed on the trigger, before I realized that he had no idea of our presence. He passed close, enough that I caught a whiff of him that tickled my memory, and he stole over to the window, and noiselessly raised it half a foot. In his hand he carried what appeared to be a stick, but as he laid it down upon the floor it gave a metallic clang. Then from the pocket of his overcoat he drew a bulky object, and he busied himself in some task which ended with a loud, sharp click, as if a spring or bolt had fallen into its place. He knelt upon the dusty floor and threw all his weight and strength upon some lever, with the result that there came a long, whirling, grinding noise, ending once more in a powerful click. He straightened himself then, and I saw that what he held in his hand was a sort of gun, with a curiously misshapen butt. He opened it at the breech, put something in, and snapped the breech-block. Then, crouching down, he rested the end of the barrel upon the ledge of the open window.
We never again mentioned that exchange, and although Irene’s photograph was placed reverently on our mantle, Holmes rarely brought her up in conversation. When she was mentioned, Holmes referred to her simply as “The Woman.”
“Not at all. The ‘G’ with the small ‘t’ stands for ‘Gesellschaft,’ which is the German for ‘Company.’ It is a customary contraction like our ‘Co.’ ‘P,’ of course, stands for ‘Papier.’ Now for the ‘Eg.’ Let us glance at our Continental Gazetteer.”
“You have compromised yourself seriously.”
“Kindly look her up in my index, Watson, dear,” murmured Holmes without opening her eyes. I did so, grateful that for all her bizarre biographies, she at least alphabetized the lot. In this case I found Ms. Irene Adler sandwiched in between a Hebrew rabbi and a staff-commander who had written a monograph upon the deep-sea fishes. I delivered the volume to my friend, who scanned the clippings within.
“There I was stretched when you, my dear Watson, when you came upon the site and began investigating the circumstances of my death. I swear to you, as soon as I witnessed your anguish, your name was on my lips. It was only the tightest restraint that kept me from calling to you and giving up the ruse.”
“Why should she?”
At one point when she sighed something dreadful, I innocently said, “Mightn’t you quiet, Ms. Holmes, I am engaged in reading.”
A slow and heavy step, which had been heard upon the stairs and in the passage, paused immediately outside the door. Then there was a loud and authoritative tap.
“Looking for lodgings,” I answered. “Trying to solve the problem as to whether it is possible to get comfortable rooms at a reasonable price.”
It was indeed like old times when, at that hour, I found myself seated beside her in a hansom, my revolver heavy in my handbag and the thrill of adventure in my heart. Holmes was cold and stern and silent. As the gleam of the streetlamps flashed upon her austere features I saw that her brows were drawn down in thought and her thin lips compressed.
“It has been many years, Colonel.” Yet while I was aware I’d shown my age in wisps of gray, the same could not be said of Moran. Seeing him, I could clearly picture those burlap tents, smoke and heat itself rising thick, the blood of British and Pashtun lads still drying in the dunes, and myself pouring iced drinks as the Commanders congratulated themselves.
“Yes, thank you,” Ms. Holmes interrupted smoothly, “Might we settle the arrangements, then?”
“It’s nothing,” I assured my friend and myself, “My apologies.”
“Watson, this is too much!”
Following her methodical soliloquy, she paused to refill her pipe, adding over her shoulder, “You see the whole thing is a chain of logical sequences without a break or flaw.”
Wryly I smiled without humor. “To accept would be to make my point.”
“Well, some hundreds of times.”
“I know,” I replied. “You are unique of mind and body and soul. Had I met you at any other time in my life, I imagine I’d detest you.” By her glowing expression, I knew I need not state how different my current feelings were.
“This is a shock!” Though polished by Eton and Oxford grooming, Moran’s voice boomed against the club’s ebony wood walls. I raised my chin at his approach, and the supercilious way he tipped his hat. “Jane Harriet
“Eh?” The banging stopped. “That you Holmes?”
“You two ladies planning on staying long?” She asked, the thinly veiled query being of course, have you any prospects? To my shock, Ms. Holmes threw her arm around me with dramatic flair.
“Not in a good cause.”
My heart stuttered as I stared at her for some seconds in utter amazement, and then it appears that I must have fainted. Certainly a grey mist swirled before my eyes, and when it cleared Holmes was bending over my chair, smelling salts in hand.
“You’ve no need, not when I know your destination.”
It was something else to stride inside the Inn than to view it from the back. To be truthful, the Inn was in better condition than I had assumed; it was fairly clean, the ground floor was warm and well lit, and there were no disreputable looking people glaring at us around corners. With knowledgeable steps, Holmes led us up to Irene’s room. She knocked and, after a pause, the door opened from within.
“I should like to dispense with your petty insecurity and state the facts: you are bright, you are brave, and you are hungry. You say I am decisive, then let me request this: be my partner. For so long as we both wish it, aid me in my work, learn my methods, be my backup. I know you are familiar with the use of that revolver you cling to as a child would a blanket. Apply your skills, be they medical, military, or maidenly, to my,” She stopped, shook her head, “To our cases.”
‘Theater’, I learned upon that hour, had been a misnomer. Holmes greatly enjoyed attending operas and concertos at Her Majesty's or the Royal Opera House, and I found myself enthralled by the music in her presence in ways I had not prior. Holmes consumed music down to her very soul, revealing her sensitive nature when at all other times she appeared impassible.
Holmes let out another of her sharp barking laughs. “That is what you’ve concluded from our acquaintance? Very well, we’re agreed on our estimation of my intellect. And of other matters?”
“Do you include violin-playing in your category of rows?” She asked, anxiously.
“Then you’ve been warned of me,” She said, “And yet by your behavior, I would have expected it sooner. Had you made a hypothesis, and Gregson merely confirmed it?”
While I had endured my marital bed, I was ignorant in the ways of pleasure. My flatmate, the ineffable Ms. Sherlock Holmes, inspired a stirring of the imagination, yet I could not conjure the means she might use in lovemaking. Love—nay, all emotions, I came to find, were abhorrent to her cold, precise but admirable balanced mind. She never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer. They were fine things for the observer—excellent for drawing the veil from men’s motives and actions. But for the trained reasoner to admit such intrusions into her own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was to introduce a distracting factor which might throw a doubt upon all her mental results. Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of her own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as hers.
“The man that the whole force has been seeking in vain—Colonel Sebastian Moran, who shot the Honourable Ronald Adair with an expanding bullet from an air gun through the open window of the second-floor front of No. 427 Park Lane, upon the 30th of last month. That’s the charge, Lestrade, and that’s the murder weapon.” My friend nodded her chin at the powerful air-rifle now in the curious hands of a young constable. The detectives gaped, their confundity and consternation permeating like the cold. Holmes continued unabashed, “And now, Watson, if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar may afford you some profitable amusement.” She strode from the room with a flick of her coattails, and I was helpless but to follow, averting my eyes from either the dumbstruck Lestrade or the furious Moran.
“I am to be neutral?”
“I watched silently until you and the authorities formed your inevitable and erroneous conclusions. You departed for the hotel and I was left alone. Or so I initially believed; a series of rocks cascading from above disproved that hypothesis. Professor Moriarty had cronies, it would appear, to observe our confrontation and ensure that, were he not the victor, I met a grim end at their hands. I scrambled down the cliff face, a hundred times more treacherous than the climb, took to my heels and did ten miles over the mountains in the darkness. A week later I found myself in Florence with the certainty that no one in the world knew what had become of me.”
“From their lightness and transparency, I should imagine that they are soluble in water,” I remarked.
“Are you satisfied?” I asked my friend as soon as Ms. Adler was out of view. Holmes snapped to me as though coming out of a trance. My heart sank for reasons unbeknownst to me at the time.
“Oy!” Lestrade clapped the back of Moran’s head enough for him to duck. “You’ll not besmirch our Ms. Holmes in such a vulgar fashion.” My friend, I noted, looked subtly touched. Looking up, Lestrade said, “Nothing further you have to say, Ms. Holmes, before we go?”
“I then proceeded to make a careful examination of the room, which confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer’s height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Trichinopoly cigar and the length of his nails. I had already come to the conclusion, since there were no signs of a struggle, that the blood which covered the floor had burst from the murderer’s nose in his excitement. I could perceive that the track of blood coincided with the track of his feet. It is seldom that a healthy man, unless he is very full-blooded, breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion that the criminal was probably a robust and ruddy-faced man. Events proved that I had judged correctly.
“Precisely.”
“Entirely.”
That night gave me the first flash of inspiration to record the truth in my journals. These journals, my case notes, my private love letters. I will shine light upon the stage she dances across for as long as she will keep me.
I had seen little of Holmes lately. I had at last stumbled upon a method of supplementing my income, beyond the military stipend I still regularly received. Although Holmes insisted, when she deigned to speak of financial matters at all, that I need only contribute what I could and that she might make up the difference, this nonetheless felt inequitable; for all that I accompanied her on her investigates, I believed my assistance to be minimal, and not worth any significant compensation. So it was that I took up the profession of midwifery. While I was as often paid in sovereigns as I was chickens, it was rewarding work, and I can confess to shedding a tear at nearly every baptism I attended hence.
A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with a barrel for a chest and arms that would not be amiss on an ape. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended halfway up his calves, and which were trimmed at the tops with rich brown fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance. He carried a broad-brimmed hat in his hand, while he wore across the upper part of his face, extending down past the cheekbones, a black vizard mask, which he had apparently adjusted that very moment, for his hand was still raised to it as he entered.
I had imagined that we were bound for Baker Street, but Holmes stopped the cab at the corner of Cavendish Square. I observed that as she stepped out she gave a most searching glance to right and left, and at every subsequent street corner she took the utmost pains to assure that we were not followed. Our route was certainly a singular one. Holmes’ knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary, and on this occasion she passed rapidly, and with an assured step, through a network of mews and stables the very existence of which I had never known. We emerged at last into a small road, lined with old, gloomy houses, which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford Street. Here she turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a wooden gate into a deserted yard.
“But what is it you wish?
“I am about to be married.”
I did not tell her of my childhood, ambitions crushed for the sake of my errant brother, the absence of my father, the decline of my mother, the evocations attempted and discarded, the meeting of my Army Major, his eventual disdain for my company, the hopelessness of trying to stem the tide of war with stitches in a dead man’s leg, of my solitary boat ride back to a home that had no use for me... I did not say any of this because I believe she’d already surmised it all.
“I have to use this room as a place of business,” She said, after one little sallow, rat-faced, dark-eyed fellow who was introduced to me as Mr. Lestrade had made his hasty leave, “and these people are my clients.”
That faint pressure upon my cheek was replaced by a firm cradling of my chin. “Apologies, sweetheart. You have been my conscience and my heart for so long, of course I forget you have not always known and believed it to be true.” Overwrought, I could hardly decipher her declaration. This time she tilted her head and lingered scant millimeters from my breathlessly parted lips. As she spoke, I felt her form the words, “You need only have asked, Jane, dearest.”
The more I thought of it the more extraordinary did my companion’s hypothesis, that the man had been poisoned, appear. I remembered how she had sniffed his lips, and had no doubt that she had detected something which had given rise to the idea. Then again, if not poison, what had caused the man’s death, since there was neither wound nor marks of strangulation? But, on the other hand, whose blood was that which lay so thickly upon the floor? There were no signs of a struggle, nor had the victim any weapon with which he might have wounded an antagonist. As long as all these questions were unsolved, I felt that sleep would be no easy matter.
After much cajoling, Stamford agreed to introduce us, so long as I did not hold him accountable if I found this lady to be in poor taste. Hospitals are familiar ground to me, between my brother’s brief medical foray and my own more extensive. I tread the narrow white-washed halls with confidence. Near the further end a low arched passage branched away from it and led to the chemical laboratory.
At last, as midnight approached and the street gradually cleared, she paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation.
“Ah, that was a more daring shot, though I have no doubt that I was right. You must not ask me that at the present state of the affair.”
My companion—my love tired of our inequitable position and tumbled me to the floor. Her hands roamed tirelessly from my body to tug my knot askew and send my hair into disarray. I could barely note where my hands resided, so consumed was I by peppering wet kisses from her cheek to her ear. Sherlock uttered a sudden moan of joy that so reminded me of her noise lying in wait that I laughed aloud.
“Surely all is not so easily settled,” ventured I, raising my head. “For all the world is aware, you are deceased. How are you to counter that?”
Our prisoner was breathing hard, with a stalwart constable on each side of him. At last I was able to have a proper look at him. It was a tremendously virile and yet sinister face which was turned towards us, twisted in hatred and amazement in equal measure, as his cruel blue eyes flitted from Holmes’ face to mine. It was as my friend predicted, and I had denied: Colonel Sebastian Moran.
A Colonel’s wife is a rarity in a military hospital, even when serving as a nurse, and I confess to receiving many curious visitors during my stay in Peshawar, none of them my husband. I was informed later that he was struck down with enteric fever during my convalescence. How peculiar, that a woman might take a bullet so close to her heart and survive, while a virile man of hearty stock could be felled by so common an ailment. Although I offered to stay on at the hospital as a nurse, I believe it was several of my late husband’s peers who decided that a grieving widow had no place on the battlefield. I was bundled up in black and dispatched in the troopship
“No, thank you.” With that, I twisted away and made long strides out onto Piccadilly.
I waited.
“Do put that away, my most extraordinary girl!” She exclaimed, and I set the gun down once again. She rushed to me, thrusting an open ointment box close to my face. “I have it now! The last link in the case is complete!” She cried exultantly. “Observe, Watson, are these ordinary pills?” The small box contained two pills, and they certainly were not ordinary. They were of a pearly grey colour, small, round, and almost transparent against the light.
“Then you may entirely rely on me.”
“It is the most logical explanation for why you would be there in the first place, only to be unceremoniously deposited nearly penniless after sustaining your injury.” Another person would have sounded sympathetic, but I was beginning to see that Ms. Holmes was unlike any other person I’ve known. She merely carried on removing curios from her belongings to place upon the mantle. “As for why I haven’t expressed condolences, I didn’t imagine them welcome.”
The way that Ms. Holmes strode into a room brimming with men of high authority, and not only didn’t bow her head or lower her gaze, but proceeded to take charge of the scene, indeed, insulted the efforts of Lestrade and Gregson… It was inspiring to be sure. She comported herself as though there should be no reason to be meek. She, and the Inspectors it seemed, were well aware of her brilliant intellect. None of the Inspectors or officers had removed their hats for her as they did myself, a move that Ms. Holmes met with scorn.
“You are to watch me, for I will be visible to you.”
The Illustrated Police News,
“Nor her house, twice burgled.”
As the contortionist scampered off the stage on his hands alone, a piano began a soft romantic melody. Strangely, my friend seemed to tense at this calming overture. I could not discern why, and watched as a man, dressed in loose trousers and with a white lily pinned to his black coat, took to the stage. He lifted the brim of his top hat, revealing darkly lined eyes that shined beneath the house lights. He leaned upon his walking stick, appearing to swoon as the piano decrescendoed.
If I am in the hands of the law, let things be done in a legal way.”
“Jane,” My darling Sherlock chanted with each breath, “Jane, Jane, Jane…”
“Absolutely?”
I probed, “Then it wasn’t the chap Gregson apprehended at all?”
“Relax, dear Watson,” Holmes chided in a low aside as the audience hollered for the next act, “None shall importune you while I am here. You are perfectly safe. Ease into the role of an interested onlooker and follow my lead.” The latter, at least, I was well acquainted with.
We discussed the details of seeing the flat, and parted, with me still wondering how she perceived the country of Afghanistan from a single handshake.
Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of her notebook and handed it to him. “Then, goodnight, your Majesty, and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you.”
“Stolen, then.”
Instead she passed from our home in silence.
In the year 1878, I was wedded to an Army Major who was due to be dispatched to India. India being believed to be a rather more civilized front, he arranged for my enlistment as a nurse, so that we might stay together in his travels. I had indeed whispered in his ear about this notion, having quite an abnormal interest in medicine, caring as I did for my late mother. However, upon arriving in Bombay, the Second Afghan War had just broken out, and we were told my husband’s regiment had advanced through the passes, and was already deep in the enemy’s country. In spite of the increased danger, I managed to stay with him and we succeeded in reaching Candahar in safety.
might leave upon a person. Could I even know to look at her that she had followed through with this notion? She’d been right to call me ignorant, I flushed at the very idea of the act. My mind, try as it might to torment me, didn’t know enough to visualize Holmes and Irene in such a position. It was no wonder she would seek out worldly women like Irene to provide what I could not.
“You amaze me, Ms. Holmes,” said I. “Surely you are not as sure as you pretend to be of all those particulars which you gave.”
The man sprang from his chair and paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation. “Who has told you this, Madame?” He demanded whilst averting his face from my friend. “With whom have you been conversing?”
which seemed to me very obscure. It was evident that these books which I had unfortunately mistreated were very precious objects in the eyes of their owner. With a snarl of contempt he turned on his heel, and I saw his curved back and white whiskers disappear among the throng.
“Objections? No, no, I should rather this be done with.”
This was a lofty chamber, lined and littered with countless bottles. Broad, low tables were scattered about, which bristled with retorts, test-tubes, and little Bunsen lamps, with their blue flickering flames. There was only one student in the room, who was bending over a distant table absorbed in his work. At the sound of our steps he glanced round and sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure.
… “No, no, I didn’t mean—”
I half-rose from my chair. “Perhaps I ought to give you privacy.”
“Bought.”
Though I dreaded her cutting observations, I needed to know, “What behavior?”
“Well, ma’am, if it isn’t too great a liberty, I am a neighbour of yours, for you’ll find my little bookshop at the corner of Church Street. Maybe you collect yourself, ma’am?” His attention drifted as he sifted through the tomes he bore. “Here’s
“Ah the ‘Ms.’ returns, I truly have offended. I am grateful for your assistance, Watson, however you know some tasks are easier performed covertly, and I should be much obliged if you dropped the matter.”
“How often?”
The Count sagged his broad shoulders. “Then I must begin,” said he, “by binding you both to absolute secrecy for two years; at the end of that time the matter will be of no importance. At present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history.”
As we stepped in unison down the London sidewalk, I found myself saying what I could not earlier. “Holmes, I am sorry.” I meant everything I possibly could. I was sorry to have hindered her investigation with my emotive outburst. I was sorry to have ever brought her pain through violence. I was sorry to have made my regard so obvious. I was sorry this case would remain a black blot upon her record. I was sorry that she met this cunning winsome creature for so brief a time. I was sorry Irene was gone.
“And how hale! Gone is my limping, wilted flower, you could outrun the Yard on those legs! Certainly Gregson would never catch you!”
It took her a moment of silent contemplation and smoking, and then she graced me with the most entrancing tale. There was thwarted love, and God, and greed, and revenge. There was a man who tracked his lover’s wrongdoers across the Atlantic and took a job as a cabbie to hunt them. There was the impending reaper ushering him forward recklessly. There was a ring, a lost keepsake, and this beautiful and brilliant detective who found it, who found everything out.
“I will not look.”
“But a very serious one to me,” returned the King reproachfully.
“To begin at the beginning, I approached the house, as you know, on foot, and with my mind entirely free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the roadway, and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a cab, which, I ascertained by inquiry, must have been there during the night. I satisfied myself that it was a cab and not a private carriage by the narrow gauge of the wheels. The ordinary London growler is considerably less wide than a gentleman’s brougham.
It took several months of rooming with Ms. Holmes before I learned the nature of her business. During this time I focused my efforts on my own health, resolving not to be the sort of helpless invalid so many ladies choose to become. I would take walks to increase my strength, and when that fled me, retire to our rooms to read. I had always been a voracious reader, and thought I found company in Ms. Holmes, only to discover that her vast library was devoted to matters of science, law, and subjects so utterly specific as to offer little interest. There wasn’t a spot of poetry or fiction among her collection, so for my own needs I spent my spare shillings at the bookstore down the street.
My brow furrowed as I reread certain lines.
“Get up will you!” I implored, reaching to grab her upper arms. Perhaps I surprised her, because my friend unbowed with little physical prompting. Her pale eyes were wide and gleaming as she looked into my expression, a cracking facade of strength. “I’ll not have you abase yourself thusly, not for me, nor anyone.”
“You must observe, my dear woman, that Mrs. Watson has only recently lost her husband, another Army man fallen to the front. Why, she is so bereft, I fear what would become of her were it not for amiable company such as myself. Yes, I think we do intend to remain in this flat for quite some time, if that does not trouble you?”
“A bust in wax, the credit of which is due to Monsieur Oscar Meunier, of Grenoble. The rest I arranged myself during my visit to Baker Street this afternoon, before our sojourn for dinner.”
“For you, darling girl, I would boil the sea.”
“It is marvelous,” I remarked in awe, “Were I not standing here beside you, I would swear that that was me, sitting by my window.”
“Desist with
I could not bear to voice this to her, however. “Yes, I suppose it has. You will forgive me if I retire,” said I, rising on rickety knees, though bed was the last place I’d like to be; nothing awaited me there but terrors and unease.
“The name of the maker, no doubt; or his monogram, rather.”
The disappearance of my flatmate, friend, and love, the late Sherlock Holmes, had left me floating bereft through life. There was no one in my life, save the understanding Mrs. Hudson, to note my return to mourning wear, but I felt the devotion in the black garb in the three years following her death that I failed to emulate in the passing of my husband.
“But she will refuse.”
“If you dare think of taking any of those yourself—”
I found my voice, “It isn’t as you say. Your work fascinates me. It is my own—”
“From what I have seen of the lady she seems indeed to be on a very different level to your Majesty,” said Holmes coldly. “I am sorry that I have not been able to bring your Majesty’s business to a more successful conclusion.”
“Please, dear Jane,” Sherlock brushed off yet another inquiry as to the night ahead of us, “We have three years of the past to discuss. Let that suffice until half-past nine, when we start upon the notable adventure of the empty house.”
I stared up at the rear of a truly unremarkable house as Holmes produced a key from her trouser pocket. It fit the lock of the back door like a hand in a glove and we entered together. As she closed it behind us, the faint lamplight fled and we were in pitch darkness. Our feet creaked and crackled over the bare planking, and my outstretched hand touched a wall from which the paper was hanging in ribbons. Holmes’s cold, thin fingers closed round my wrist and led me forwards down a long hall. We found ourselves in a large, square, empty room, heavily shadowed in the corners, but faintly lit in the centre from the lights of the street beyond. There was no lamp and the window was thick with dust, so that we could only just discern each other’s figures within. My companion put her hand upon my shoulder and her lips close to my ear.
Her extravagant regard brought back my shyness, and I shook my head fondly. “You have the photograph?” I inquired as to the task at hand.
“I shall open the door in a moment,” I stalled, “Please have your credentials ready.” I did as I said, and on the other side stood a tall, white-faced, flaxen-haired man. I vaguely recognized him from the Brixton crime scene, but nevertheless inspected his documents. Satisfied, I allowed him in and showed him to a chair.
“What a woman—oh, what a woman!” cried the King of Bohemia, when Holmes had relayed its contents to him. “Did I not tell you how quick and resolute she was? Would she not have made an admirable queen? Is it not a pity that she was not on my level?”
“Come in!” called Holmes, leaning back in her chair. She set aside her pipe so as to steeple her fingers, aware of the powerful effect her posture had on the unsuspecting.
“Ah then I felt I must surrender to him at once my maiden heart.” The man loosened his collar as he hit a high cadenza. A man in the back whistled, as he popped open a button, then two. I flushed so fiercely I felt aflame. “Pardon dearest lover, if in vain I strove,” The singer pulled off his gloves, revealing delicate slender fingers, “For indeed I’d rather die than lose your love,” The top hat was gone in a flourish, “This confession bringing blushes to my cheek,” The black jacket slid gently off his shoulders with a coy shrug, “Sweeter than all singing is to hear him speak.”
“Not know, suspect. I am aware of rumors only; you, however, were there. Hence your position as a threat, which Moran is obligated to negate.” I took it as a blessing that my curious friend did not pry. Perhaps this meant her suspicion was firmer than she let on and so did not need my confirmation, or that she knew pressing me then would cause me to leave. I could not dredge up that history in the unfamiliar and forbidding Camden House.
It was as though a chasm had erupted beneath my feet and the entirety of the hall ignored my plight. Indeed, the audience seemed to revel in the performance. I looked sidelong at my friend, expecting to see, not shock, but indulgence or mirth at my own. Yet Holmes paid me not a whit of attention. She was enraptured by the deviant upon the stage.
I folded my hands in my lap. “In that case, I'm pleased Ms. Holmes’ estimation of the constabulary was wrong,” said I, for my friend had made her feelings plain. “Unfortunately, she is not in at the moment. I believe she is investigating.”
The King sniffed. “Very well, let us go with haste.”
I gaped at her. “Moran? That’s your target?”
“And yet remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days. It must be where she can lay her hands upon it. And then there is the fact that a Prima donna of the Imperial Opera of Warsaw has no need to practice hours every day.”
As quickly as it came, her sentimentality was clouded and obscured by pique. “No sooner had I reached good British soil did I learn from my Irregulars that a Mrs. Watson had announced her intention to confront the dangerous madman I intended on drawing out. What was I to think? Upstaged by my old comrade! My plan would need adjustment; it could not be I to play the bait, but you, in spite of the pain it caused me.” Holmes did not bat an eye at her positively histrionic admission, though it inflamed my blood and brought color to my cheeks. “The scheme proceeded perfectly, save for the troublesome detail of our assailant choosing the same vantage point as ourselves. Above all other satisfactions this case has brought me, the last of Moriarty’s Generals vanquished, the famous air-gun of Von Herder embellishing the Scotland Yard Museum…” Uncharacteristically, my friend fell silent, her clause hanging loose and lost. Our home seemed to hover in anticipation. I could not fully catch my breath.
“Has time weakened you so,” She snarled, turning in her pacing, “Or is it your faith in me that has been so eroded?”
“Stolen.”
“Your Majesty must pay. It must be bought.”
I was as naive as a kitten before I met The Woman.
provoked?”
“I am nothing to Colonel Moran,” I insisted bitterly, “He has no cause to fear me.”
The afternoon after crossing Moran’s name in the
“Not at all, Miss,” Mrs. Hudson demurred, “It is a relief to know such friendships exist as this. If I had not had my sister when my—”
“Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly,” said Holmes, barely deigning to glance at the jewel.
The stage was not of a scale for some of the entertainment I knew music halls presented: no tightropes or rings hung from the rafters. The first act we witnessed was a line of can-can dancers, which I averted my eyes from to consider the crowd. The audience was primarily young men, but there was not an insignificant amount of ladies present, who did not shy away from the act. As they left, Holmes startled me by clapping and shouting along with the men. Next came a contortionist, who managed to curl his hips behind his head and lift his legs into the air. I clapped, thinking this to be all, when an assistant produced a long lethal sword. The man opened his mouth wide. Gasping, I hid my face in Holmes’ shoulder, feeling her chuckle.
My companion flushed up with pleasure at my words, and the earnest way in which I uttered them. I had already observed that she was as sensitive to flattery on the score of her art as any other girl could be of her beauty. I had the urge then to make Ms. Holmes blush with my every utterance, if I could. It flattered her complexion, and were she to ever release her tightly pinned curls, I imagined no one could match her picture of femininity.
“Then how many are there?”
I could never help myself from asking, “How could you possibly know?”
“You must leave that to me. There is only one point on which I must insist. You must not interfere, come what may. You understand?”
“Then, pray consult,” said Holmes, shutting her eyes once more.
“Watson,” I heard, though any more was forestalled by the entrance of our guest below. We schooled ourselves respectively, myself by smoothing my skirts and Holmes by drawing up haughtily. His Majesty stormed in, a black mask once again concealing his eyes and nose.
“How many? I don’t know.”
“Poor dear!” he said, commiseratingly, after he had listened to my misfortunes. “What are you up to now?”
While I lay awake proceeding to do the complete opposite, I listened to the comforting sounds of my flatmate in the rooms below. Her long purposeful strides sounded as though she were pacing, save for a break of light violin notes. Our stasis in the house was unbalanced by the sharp ring of the doorbell, followed by the unmistakable signs that Ms. Holmes had rushed outside to meet them. Another checking of a timepiece told me it was close to midnight, well outside of her evening routine. The flat was empty for such a time that I did drift into sleep in earnest.
“Surely that is Baker Street,” I answered, keeping my gaze firmly on the dim window.
“In full view of the lady herself? You marvel at my abilities, but even I am not so capable. No, I have made arrangements to return later tonight.”
“Oh stop it!” I playfully shoved her to which she caught my hand and spun me in a dance.
Embarrassed at my loss of composure I may have been, I knew Holmes required honesty from me tonight, so I did not shy away from my admiration. “It is wonderful! Your merits should be publicly recognized. You ought to be celebrated as the genius you are.”
“I can evade you.”
It was the opportunity I seized upon, allowing a note of disapproval to enter my tone, “For what do your clients seek you out?”
Holmes rose, slowly, unfolding herself quite like a panther in her grace, and crossed before our hearth towards me. I imagined she would loom over me, as was once her wont. Instead, with a slight hitch of her trouser legs, Sherlock Holmes knelt at my feet.
It was sometime later, after my novel of the day failed to enliven me, that I was lying on my bed when a furious pounding began on our door. It rattled me, and I steeled myself for any manner of confrontation. From my vanity, I produced my husband’s old service revolver, the only memento I had squirreled away before my dispatch. With it firmly in hand, I went to the sitting room, planting myself across from the door.
“On the contrary, my dear madame,” cried the King, “Nothing could be more successful. I know that her word is inviolate. The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire.”
“Do you know where we are?” She whispered, unaware of her effect upon my tightened skin.
Well.
“Watson, you dark horse!” Holmes cried out. “So devious this devout wife has become!”
“Why, it’s Inspector Gregson of the yard,” The voice answered. I raced to stash the revolver in a desk drawer.
For men such as my husband, who quickly rose to the rank of Colonel, war is something to be celebrated and commended for their handling of in tents and parlor rooms. For myself, it brought nothing but the unfortunate souls bleeding out from beneath my hands. I will never be sure whether it was ignorance or disregard that allowed my husband to send me out with the surgeons during the fatal battle of Maiwand. There I was struck on the shoulder by a Jezail bullet, which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery. So many perished that day, as I might have if not for an orderly who threw me across a pack-horse, and succeeded in bringing me safely to the British lines.
A silence which was shattered by the downstairs door flying open and hitting the wall. I jumped for the desk, snatching up the revolver as heavy footfall traipsed upstairs, and had it aimed for the sitting room door when it opened to reveal Ms. Holmes. Her costume was in disarray and paired with a man’s overcoat, and her eyes shone with a manic gleam.
“What a remarkable coincidence,” said I, “That my bogey-man for so long should became a henchman for your archfoe.”
I smiled, “I assure you, easy it may seem to you, it is extraordinary to me.”
Holmes stayed me with a gentle touch to my shoulder, turning me to face her. Bystanders brushed by us, but as is the way of a city, paid us no mind. Although she clutched Irene’s photograph to her side, Holmes afforded me her full attention. Without a word, her lips pulled up, and she touched two fingers to my cheek. All of the world righted itself; with that one gesture I knew I was forgiven.
It tempted me, but I recalled my position. “I’m afraid I’d be of more use here, collecting any missives that come for you.”
if you please,” muttered Holmes absently, surveying the room. I watched her eyes alight on the servant’s bell, and she leapt for it. Her fingernails scrabbled at the wall for a few futile moments before the panel gave way. I heard her inhale and mumble, “No.”
In the early hours of the evening, I sheltered in my bedroom, fully dressed, a significant part of myself expecting Holmes to return swiftly, perhaps with apologies, or with rage. As the clock atop my armoire ticked past midnight, the rage found me instead. I stomped downstairs and planted myself in my armchair, prepared to berate her for every slight she’d ever given me, as soon as she came through that door. Cowardice came next, and I returned upstairs, changed into my nightclothes, and attempted to sleep; I hoped that we might pretend the altercation never occurred come morning.
“Why that’s perfect!” I exclaimed. “If she should be willing to partner, I would be more than happy to share the expense. I must meet this lady.”
Her voice was, naturally, even. “You were fortunate to get away when you did, my dear. Eventually India became too hot to hold him. Moran retired, came to London, and again acquired an evil name. It was at this time that he was sought out by Professor Moriarty, to whom for a time he was chief of the staff. Moriarty supplied him liberally with money and used him only in one or two very high-class jobs which no ordinary criminal could have undertaken. You may have some recollection of the death of Mrs. Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. No? Well, I am sure Moran was at the bottom of it, but nothing could be proved. So cleverly was the Colonel concealed that even when the Moriarty gang was broken up we could not incriminate him. You remember before our sojourn how I put up the shutters for fear of air-guns? No doubt you thought me fanciful. I knew exactly what I was doing, for I knew of the existence of this remarkable gun, and I knew also that one of the best shots in the world would be behind it. When we were in Switzerland he followed us with Moriarty, and it was undoubtedly he who gave me that evil five minutes on the Reichenbach ledge.”
I turned my face, so that she might see less of it and glean little that she could use against me. Ms. Holmes, who so eschewed those softer feelings of us mortals, could not possibly comprehend the depth of my grief. She could not measure it in her pipettes or beakers and would sooner cast the matter aside as irrelevant than try to understand.
And then, as one o’clock ticked on, and two, I took down the clock. I ventured to the stairs but sat upon the steps rather than descended. Cradling the clock in my lap as a child might a beloved doll, I let the time slip by.
The words flew from Holmes like loosed doves out a cage. “Because I plan to seduce Ms. Adler tonight.”
“You have carte blanche.”
Our visitor glanced with some apparent surprise at the languid, lounging figure of the woman who had been no doubt depicted to him as the most incisive reasoner and most energetic agent in Europe. Holmes slowly reopened her eyes and looked impatiently at her gigantic client.
Her sudden vagueness was not lost on me. Deciding I’d reached my limit of propriety, I removed the pins holding my hair so that I might rub at my weary scalp. Emotions battered me from all fronts, culminating in the beginnings of a headache.
“Frequently.”
“I went to it on my knees, ma’am, just as you told me.”
“I know where it is.” This was not the answer I’d anticipated. Holmes allowed me to stare as she began to walk in the direction of Baker Street, and I gamely gave chase.
“I am glad to hear your Majesty say so.”
The air did not dissipate, and still Holmes remained. “I hope you are not aggrieved at my entertaining Inspector Gregson. He called whilst you were out and was most insistent on staying.”
“You’re a marvel,” I remarked, causing her to jolt with surprise, “Within a day you seem to understand more of my heart than anyone in the world.”
“My dear Holmes,” said I, “this is too much. You would certainly have been burned, had you lived a few centuries ago.”
“Eglow, Eglonitz—here we are, Egria. It is in a German-speaking country—in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad. ‘Remarkable as being the scene of the death of Wallenstein, and for its numerous glass-factories and paper-mills.’ Ha, ha, my dear girl, what do you make of that?” Her eyes sparkled, and she sent up a great triumphant cloud from her pipe
“This is indeed a mystery,” I remarked. “What do you imagine that it means?”
I did not at the time attribute the burning in my heart to jealousy.
She did not shy away, but reacted as though granted a great boon. “For your forgiveness, I would take any debasement you wished.” Her hand rose to delicately caress my cheek. “Though your noble heart could never abide it.”
“She will not be able to. By the way, Watson, I shall want your cooperation.”
“Yes.”
“We need not discuss it, but you expressed interest in my methods, so there they are.” Ms. Holmes and I allowed the time to pass in silence whilst I collected my thoughts.
“She showed me, as I told you she would.”
“Exactly. We are in Camden House, which stands opposite to our own quarters.” In spite of this assuredly being an empty house, the darkness inspired hushed voices in us both.
“A lucky chance.”
But suddenly I was aware of that which her keener senses had already distinguished. A low, stealthy sound came to my ears, not from the direction of Baker Street, but from the back of the very house in which we lay concealed. The unlocked door opened and shut. An instant later steps crept down the passage—steps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the empty house
“The facts are briefly these: Some five years ago, during a lengthy visit to Warsaw, I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress, Irene Adler. The name is no doubt familiar to you.”
The endearment failed to penetrate my confusion. “Moran would not endeavor to eliminate me, it would be foolhardy and pointless. He's too shrewd a man for that.”
“I can think of several purposes, my dear Watson. Tonight the use is quite mundane. We are drawing out a target that you so helpfully provoked.”
“I wonder that my very simple stratagem could deceive so old a shikari,” said Holmes. “It must be very familiar to you. Have you not tethered a young kid under a tree, lain above it with your rifle, and waited for the bait to bring up your tiger? This empty house is my tree and you are my tiger. You have possibly had other guns in reserve in case there should be several tigers, or in the unlikely supposition of your own aim failing you. These,” she pointed around, “are my other guns. The parallel is exact.” At once, Colonel Moran sprang forward, with a snarl of rage, but the constables dragged him back. The fury upon his face was terrible to look at. It pained me to witness, to have this image overlaid the impeccable gentleman he had once presented as.
“Never mind,” said she, with some vigor, “The question now is about hœmoglobin! What do you know on the subject?”
My head spun from this revelation. That man, Lestrade, was from Scotland Yard, and frequently sought the help of Ms. Holmes in the resolution of his cases. It boggled me, frankly, and inspired me on behalf of my sex.
“I’ve found it! I’ve found it,” he shouted to my companion, running towards us with a test-tube in his hand. “I have found a re-agent which is precipitated by hœmoglobin, and by nothing else.” Had he discovered a gold mine, greater delight could not have shone upon his features
“Mrs. Watson, meet Ms. Holmes,” Stamford introduced us, before making a show of checking his pocket watch. “I believe I have some business to attend to, you ladies converse. Mrs. Watson, do post me soon, won’t you?”
“This was the first point gained. I then walked slowly down the garden path, which happened to be composed of a clay soil, peculiarly suitable for taking impressions. There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps. Happily, I have always laid great stress upon it, and much practice has made it second nature to me. I saw the heavy footmarks of the constables, but I saw also the track of the two men who had first passed through the garden. It was easy to tell that they had been before the others, because in places their marks had been entirely obliterated by the others coming upon the top of them. In this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal visitors were two in number, one remarkable for his height as I calculated from the length of his stride, and the other fashionably dressed, to judge from the small and elegant impression left by his boots.
“Yes, Watson,” Holmes looked me baldly in the eye, “I intend to arrive at her room with a bottle of champagne. We’ll discuss opera and the stage and the difficulties of fitting waistcoats to feminine hips. At some point in the night I expect to perform cunnilingus on her. And when she is drunk and sated I shall slide open the panel and retrieve the photograph.”
“You wish me to come?”
“And who was the first?” I asked.
And they were, I realized then, feminine features. An easy mistake when gazing upon her from the back, for she was clad in a tailored suit, complete with a waistcoat with a delicate chain. Her wardrobe was masculine to every detail, down to her polished shoes, and yet it dipped above her hips as no man’s does. She wore only traces of makeup, arching her brow and lightening her cheeks. Her bright eyes, rather hawkish to suit her nose, needed no accentuation. Her raven hair was tightly coiled and pinned, yet I imagined that if free it would fall down her back.
The elder Mycroft Holmes, that enigmatic government official, reached out to me only once, immediately following my return to London. I never could discern the man’s true emotions behind his well practiced stiff upper lip. He offered condolences, which I thought an odd reversal. Sherlock’s wishes, as he explained to me, were that should I wish to remain in 221B Baker Street, her estate be used to let it in full. In the face of his stoicism I couldn't display my inner torment, but breathlessly accepted. Mycroft offered to remove the bulk of her belongings, but I desired to keep them close. Her clutter had made the flat a home, and without the prospect of a country cottage, I needed what comforts I could cling to.
“You slept through my early departure from 221B,” She remarked, “And so missed commenting on my costume. I sold eel pies to the hands at that inn, and discovered that nearly all of the performers of this hall enjoy discounted rooms for dressing and practice. Our quarry is one of these tenants. She lives quietly, seldom goes out, except when she sings, so say the ostlers. They also claim that, off the stage, she is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. Now the question is, where are we to find the photograph?”
“Very,” She answered, brusque, “Very indeed. Let us venture out, I require a quiet word.”
By the time I begged her divulge how she reached her deductions, we were both sipping glasses of brandy, our cheeks warmed by more than the fire.
“Then you shall pour my hot water in the morning,” retorted I, smiling in spite of the order, “When my knees refuse to transport me down the stairs.”
“Madame Holmes,” The King boomed, “Your telegram was delivered at a peculiar hour and had not the information I expected. You say you know the photograph’s location though do not possess it?”
“If I tell you,” said Holmes, “You will learn that I am not as magnificent as you initially believed, that the case was intrinsically simple, and that the solution was an easy sequence of reasoning backwards.”
