were likely to anger you when you would become aware of them, and as I don’t want to continue keeping things from you, I knew that I needed to come clean. Because, for us to be able to work efficiently together against Magnussen you need to know everything. Mycroft simply stated that you might need to be eased into it…that I should…”
And as if transferred back to that first meeting in Mycroft’s office a few months ago, John felt his hackles rise at the sight of the other man and his condescending demeanour. As if ingrained in his backbone, all the resentment he felt made him on edge and he stubbornly remained where he was, a good distance away from the table and the offered tea.
But no more flatmates.
There was a knock on the door and one of his servants brought his phone in on a tray. The phone was buzzing quite incessantly and with a suppressed sigh Magnussen reached out to pick it up.
“He looks a bit different,” he comments, “sort of...I don’t know, carefree perhaps? Who took this? I don’t recall it.”
“But why? Surely he already suspects something is going on between us?”
John clenched his teeth as he got into the car, ignoring the presence next to him. Stoically he stared out the window during the whole ride and once the car had stopped, he was the first to get out.
The man had moved abroad at an early age, mainly living in India, medical degree obtained in Calcutta and once married, with two stepdaughters. Now a widower, stepdaughter number one dead under rather peculiar circumstances, number two living in Scotland with her husband and no contact with her stepfather.
“Mm, I guess that’s why you’re marrying me off....”
Sherlock began to roll his eyes at this, clearly trying to break free from the hold John was trying to have of the situation, but he was immediately met with a swift stroke across his fingers with the riding crop and a surprised yelp escaped his lips as his eyes widened.
“I‘ll spare you the details. It wouldn’t be prudent to tell a man what I would like to do with his little brother. But please tell him that it would please me to invite him to dinner. Tonight.”
He was hurt and angry and all Sherlock was interested in doing was to taunt him even further for some unfathomable reason. But a line had to be drawn at physical violence, he could not allow his anger to get the better of him.
“I expected you to keep to our agreement. I told you it wasn’t going to last.”
“Was there ever a chance of me getting out of here alive?” Sherlock asked as his captor began to turn his back on him, ready to leave.
Sherlock gave him a crooked smile without looking up.
By the end of the hall the woman stopped by a set of stairs and placed herself to the side, finally looking up from her phone in order to give him her full attention.
A strange feeling at the sight of his imprints on the other man’s body made itself know by quickly causing a tingling sensation that he immediately managed to quench. This was not the appropriate time for dormant feelings carefully hidden and deeply buried within him to suddenly come to life by the innocent view stretched out before him.
“What of him? You already know he isn’t here anymore, so why would I take him into consideration?”
No, the only thing for it was to either confront Sherlock about his feelings and make him come to a decision regarding their remaining time together, or John would have to close off his emotions more effectively, try to look at the situation the way he assumed Sherlock managed to do – as a good time to be enjoyed for now, but nothing more beyond that.
Sherlock still smiled after this lengthy speech, noticing how Dr Roylott seemed to have worked himself up to a hostile posture.
“Like I told you, I want you to answer some questions for me. And I would also appreciate your discretion afterwards as my presence here would not be very well received if brought to Sherlock’s attention. Nor Mycroft’s for that matter.”
Just to get rid of the competition he might even show John Watson what kind of a man he was really hankering after.
Sherlock sighed and put out the cigarette, grinding the stump against the windowpane. It would leave a mark to go with all the other marks he had created around the house. It annoyed Mycroft, but not enough to bother with a sermon, not at this hour.
“Yes, so I did. Have you had time to consider that proposition?”
“Maybe he should stick to his day job instead of giving crappy guidance to his little brother!”
There had been nothing but heartache and pain to gain from it, all the lies, the trickery and manipulation, the humiliation of having to see Victor stake his claim last night and now the drugs as well. And Sherlock acting like an entitled bastard that had been stringing him along the whole time and didn’t even have the decency to look ashamed when finally being caught out with his lies.
Sherlock gave one of his histrionic sighs, accompanied with an eyeroll so dramatic it threatened to completely turn his eyes to the back of his skull.
But he also didn’t want this to be some sort of effort to remove Sherlock from the game while simultaneously preparing for an attack because that always meant that he had to stay more alert, prepared for whatever those two devils had plotted against him. And his only alliance in this situation was Victor Trevor who didn’t amount to much.
“And Victor, what of him?” he asked after a moment’s contemplation over how neatly it had all played out in the end.
They remained lying on the floor for another ten minutes, just enjoying the proximity to one another while the silence of the house settled around them and the sun sent rays of light through the lace curtain in the window that created intricate shadowy patterns on the carpet.
“Is that so?” he said and nonchalantly stumped out the cigarette against the windowpane.
“Yes, it would seem like it,” he said, “and this is why
John contemplated those words, looked at Sherlock’s concerned face, thought back on everything he had been told tonight and what he had been through these past couple of weeks.
Sherlock made a point of painting himself as the victim of some very unwanted attention and how he had decided to remove himself from the scene before something untoward happened. It was technically true, he had removed himself from further advances, it was simply his role as an innocent victim that was questionable.
“You’re forgetting how competent Sherlock is....,” Joh begins but Mycroft only shakes his head.
But John wasn’t buying it.
Instinctively he moved forward to prevent such cruel idiocy from happening.
“And you now believe he has Sherlock. Why is that?”
-----------------------------------------------
But there were other, more pressing matters that worried him even further.
But as if being able to read his thoughts on the subject, Sherlock suddenly interrupted his grinding against John’s crotch and put his hand into one of the pockets of his jacket, still hanging off his shoulders as John had so far turned all of his attention to ridding him only of his trousers.
But then, he seemed to come to a conclusion, determination settling in his eyes.
But for his patient’s sake he decided to do it anyway. Maybe he could find a way to dig deeper into the situation and see if everything was as it should be. If not, he would do anything in his power to be of assistance if needed.
“You won’t be able to help either. I only came here in a last wishful effort that they might have been wrong. I knew they wouldn’t be, but....”
A scar across his shoulder, as well as a limp that occasionally made itself known but no longer constantly caused him pain, were the remnants he still carried upon his body as reminders of what he had been through. But other than that, he felt more or less like himself again as he looked into the mirror and a sense of gratification made itself known as he realised this.
He hadn’t felt this good since sitting in the backseat with Mycroft yesterday, telling him what an arsehole he was. His body still felt tense, but a warmth spread through him with every step he took, walking away from all of it.
He knew John hated when he acted like this. He claimed that it risked scaring off potential clients with this kind of rude behaviour, but Sherlock had long ago learned to hear the difference between the determined signal of anticipation when coming from a potential client or when it was just an idiot trying to get his attention by insisting to persistently use the door bell as a way of luring him out of the flat.
Because even if the room he was currently residing in was dark and made it difficult to assess his situation properly, he could still feel the restraints holding him down, even now that his mind had caught up to his current state and wasn’t feeling as dimmed as it initially had felt when brought back to reality.
Weapon or not, he could still refuse to speak, and John could not shoot a hole through his head as long as he still needed him to give information about Sherlock’s whereabouts.
“My two companions, Mr Mycroft Holmes and Dr ...” He pretended to search for the correct name. “
John pretended to consider this, casting a glance at Mr Rudd who was still reading the paper, the comics if the look of amusement in his eyes was anything to go by.
So instead John opts to use his professional voice and trample down his own panic for a second.
It was a snake.
Because if he despised Victor Trevor with true venom, Magnussen was someone he actually hated even more.
He could concede that his brother had made an interesting observation last night regarding Magnussen’s mysterious visitor and such information could perhaps be useful in the long run, but he was not the main focus right now and could, if necessarily be dealt with later, depending on his importance and relevance to Mycroft. This thing with Magnussen on the other hand, could not be left hanging and neither could the situation be allowed to turn into some idiotic attempt at playing  detective and create a mystery that perhaps even wasn't one to begin with, when so much else was at stake. Just for the sake of stroking his little brother’s ego.
“He will remain in hospital tonight  but will arrive here at nine tomorrow morning and I expect you to be here to greet him,” Mycroft continued. “A car will pick you up at a quarter past eight and your meeting will take as long as necessary. I’ll inform your supervisor of your absence and afterwards I’ll be expecting your first rapport before the evening. You will be given access to his medical journal after your meeting and whatever questions you might have I’ll be willing to provide them for you if I can.”
Time to face what was coming.
He never knew how long he was expected to lie there on display, it could be hours or it could minutes, the reality of time was lost as he lied there. All he knew was that he was not permitted to fall asleep and he was not permitted to walk away.
John couldn’t help but feel his hackles rise even further from this open display of arrogance on Mycroft’s part, it grated on his nerves to hear the man talk as if what he was saying was perfectly understandable to anyone with a brain. As if John was an idiot for believing that the plan he had been told to follow could possibly be enough.
would be able to do a better job. He’s clearly being very lazy about them. Or stupid if he doesn’t think that I’ll notice that he’s copied a lot of the numbers from previous reports into the new ones. It’s not actually possible for a person to have the exact same blood pressure and pulse five times in a row.”
Dr Roylott merely snorted.
“They are to be married soon enough; Victor is hardly just any random visitor. He should be allowed to see his future husband. Unless there is a reason to keep him away. Is it perhaps contagious?”
John stared at him for a second, really looked at him, as if for the very first time, all his pent-up anger, hurt, jealousy, anguish and shock that had rushed through his system for the past 24 hours finally hitting him like a tidal wave as he saw the young man in front of him, dishevelled and sweaty, blood running down his nose, the still miotic pupils, the smell of puke surrounding him and then the golden band on his finger, the engagement ring that glimmered in the soft light of the room like a taunting reminder of the state of things.
It had contained nothing but utterly boring content of no interest to him and therefor he had not bothered with looking inside it again since first breaking into it. Mycroft was apparently very boring when it came to things like that. Naturally his hidden safe
There was a glass of water waiting for him on the nightstand, but he angrily refused the offered gift. It was probably meant as some sort of apology but he was not going to accept it.
Then the shadow withdrew and disappeared into the darkness, leaving John staring in shock, for a second uncertain of what to do.
Mycroft always had most of his secrets kept in his office after all. The private one with the hidden safe behind the mirror that Sherlock had known the combination to for over a year now.
John bristles at these words.
doing? Sending Mycroft with the car yesterday?” he finally said in disbelief as he caught on to the last part of Sherlock’s speech.
He was a repulsive man but essentially harmless, a few had even pampered to his needs to keep him quiet and earn whatever favours his companionship could offer them. It wasn’t that different to how most businessmen conducted themselves in this time and age where nothing was off limits and every way of reaching your goals were acceptable, however immoral.
A pause and the muzzle trailed across John’s spine, as if looking for just the right spot. But once again no shot was fired and his assailant broke the silence once again.
The trick would indeed be to get Magnussen to spill some information as well as keep him hooked and eager, without Sherlock having to give him anything he wasn’t prepared to truly offer. There was after all only so much he was willing to do, even for his brother, and actually sleeping with Magnussen was not one of those things.
When things finally came crashing down around them his negligence was one of the things that he ended up regretting the most.
He had made sure to check for surveillance both on the first night he had been in Magnussen’s living room as well as an additional check yesterday but had found nothing. After years of having a brother who planted surveillance equipment in every place Sherlock’s had ever called home, under the pretence of brotherly concern, he had become quite the expert in spotting hidden cameras and recording devices, and he was certain that there had been none in the room.
“It’s a British tv soap....” John began but impatiently Sherlock waived it away before lighting his cigarette.
So in his anger he lashed out at him, voice raised in an angry tone.
He straightens his waistcoat and notices the crumbs on his chest for the first time. His hands waiver above them for a second before he brushes them off and then he turns away.
But considering how this evening had played out, and Magnussen’s continuous hints, it made it harder to ignore that Sherlock might actually have crossed a line or two when trying to succeed with his mission.
“That all sounds very interesting, Sherlock, but what I want to know is, do you think the vault is in London or at Appledore, how are we going to get access to it and how do we move along from here, as you clearly didn’t fulfil what you were supposed to do last night.”
There had been some undercurrent of tension back then, even if he had not completely realised why that was. It had been related to Magnussen calling Sherlock with such ardour, but why would that trouble John?
He had that look in his eyes that he always had when he didn’t understand why people were making such a hassle of something that in his mind was completely irrelevant.
It would be easier two work together and Mycroft would know how to keep Magnussen out of it.
“One of my men will escort you out of the building and you can use a car if you like as a smoother way of transportation. I’ll be in contact if anything new happens and I expect the same curtesy from you as well,” he throws over his shoulder before disappearing down the hall, back to the surveillance room.
As expected, the car held no clues to either who the owner was or where he was being driven. Except for the driver he was alone in it, a partition separating them from each other, and a quick glance around the interior provided him with nothing.
With an icy stare Mycroft answered:
As he had almost reached the door, his hand moving towards the handle, he heard the sound of a chair being pushed behind his back and the steady steps of Magnussen approaching from behind made him release the pent-up tension that had been building up inside of him.
John patted his hand suggestively against his knee and felt a stir of excitement as Sherlock slowly rose from his chair to take him up on his offer.
“Please what?” John whispered teasingly. “You want me to stop?”
Mycroft is usually the epitome of politeness and calm diplomacy, even at the most pressing of times, John has never seen him even remotely rattled even during situations that certainly would call for a bead of sweat breaking out on his forehead, a lip chewed in an act of anxiety or that glimmer of uncertainty that can mar even the most tranquil of faces.
The only lingering emotion he still felt now, despite the satisfactory meeting with Dr Watson earlier this evening, was anger.
He thinks once more about Sherlock soaking in the bathtub, this time with the insight that if there actually was a camera installed in there, whoever was watching must have been given quite a sight.
“Well you allowed the man to throw you a dinner party in honour of your upcoming wedding and you also didn’t object to Victor slobbering all over you in front of everyone!”
Sherlock gave him a glimpse of that half-smile again before he turned on his heel and began to walk towards the house.
Still reeling from all this information and his own feelings of failure, John could do nothing but angrily lash out.
John contemplated that as he looked down on Sherlock’s comatose form.
Mycroft didn’t reply and with a sigh John decided to let it go for now and focus on the other questions he had.
, he thought irritably,
Magnussen continued to aloofly observe him the way one did something that was slightly entertaining but not truly of any importance.
It contained a little note in Sherlock’s own spidery scrawl and he could imagine how Magnussen, after reading the message, would hurry back up to the living room just to see it abandoned and his conquest gone, no trace left behind beyond the note and the curtain billowing in the breeze from the open window.
Mycroft gave him a slightly surprised look.
The fact that Victor held an invisible dagger constantly pressed to his fiancé’s throat in the form of his blackmailing threat seemed to be of no consequence to him.
Sherlock waived the cigarette in the air, forming a lingering cloud of smoke around him.
As Sherlock simultaneously felt relief flushing through his body at this realisation, he also succumbed to the embarrassment for even considering the other rather supernatural alternative he had first assumed. He sheepishly blamed the house and its spooky atmosphere and vowed to never tell about this childish scare to anyone, not even John, if he ever managed to get out of here.
It didn’t matter in the end, they had all pulled through for Mycroft’s little brother and he felt endlessly grateful for it. The medical staff had wanted Sherlock to stay put for observation a bit longer than just over night but he had naturally refused, because Sherlock actually hated hospitals even more than Mycroft did, so tomorrow he would have to walk these corridors again to pick him up and take him home.
Sherlock snorted at this.
“Will do,” John threw over his shoulder, already halfway out the door, no longer concerned about Mycroft Holmes and his carefully arranged chess pieces and machinations, the world of politics and the downfall of media tycoons.
Sherlock had always been adamant to keep the two worlds of him and John, and him and Victor separate but tonight those two worlds were going to intersect with each other.
There were enormous chandeliers hanging from every ceiling, some rooms had furniture carved out of ebony and onyx that gave a quite sinister feeling with their dark colouring, while other rooms had furniture that were gold-plated or made out of glass which increased the look of lavishness and reminded John of a French 17th century court with it’s over the top décor.
“Dinner’s ready” he said while he gave the room a critical assessment.  It consisted of the usual mess and he felt the waft of something unpleasant coming from one of the beakers next to Sherlock’s hunched form. He had no desire to know exactly what that was and chose to focus on the person in the room instead of the mess that would only cause him to despair at the sight of it.
It took all of Sherlock’s efforts to supress the wave of repulsion he felt when Magnussen’s tongue made contact with his skin. He could feel the other man’s breath come out in small puffs of moist air while the structure of the tongue felt like a fat leach was sucking at his tender skin.
“The question is rather why someone like that would even want to be mingling with a cold fuck like Magnussen,” came the reply, this from another useless half-wit of the Foreign Secretary’s, by the name of Hawkes. The Foreign Secretary really had an astonishing number of incompetent underlings pestering his office, more so than any other faculty at the moment.
Mycroft supressed an involuntary shudder and remained stoic under Magnussen's scrutiny.
Quickly he ransacked his brain of what little he knew about snakes and how to avoid getting bitten.
Magnussen let out a small chuckle in response.
He remembered with a shudder how it was to grow up in a place where everyone had known everyone and to forever be given a part that was very difficult to shed, whether you wanted that particular part or not. He had headed for London the second it had been made an option for him and never really looked back.
The matter of the sleeping arrangements was never broached.
Maybe in Mycroft’s opinion he isn’t, or maybe that is
“Perfectly understandable. And in this case, quite fortunate for you.”
It seems like weeks has passed since then and as he peels his socks off, they actually reek a little bit.
This was supposed to have been a one-time thing, Sherlock batting his lashes at Magnussen so he could gain entrance to his flat and locate that secret vault. Going to lunch with the man the next day had not been a part of the arrangement and it naturally didn't please him to hear about this new development.
And John knows he is right, and yet it is so difficult to admit defeat.
That the source of his discomfort so often turned out to be his own little brother made him silently swear to himself while trying to look straight ahead and ignore the hostility rising between his fellow passengers.
“When I was denied talking to Sherlock even over the phone, I got in touch with a…well, a
The lie had been easy to tell, especially as it made that angry glare in John’s eyes disappear.
“I’ve told you what I wanted to say, what you choose to do with it is up to you.  I just wanted you to know that there is a strong possibility that your brother is slowly going to kill himself with those drugs if he doesn’t get proper help and by my estimation, looking at his face while he was seated next to his fiancé, hearing Victor talk the way he did about them, I would say that their marriage is going to end in misery if they go through with it, and drugs might be the only consolation your brother has to cope with that disaster.”
His clothes dried and the tentative beams of sunshine peeked from behind a cloud as he passed the familiar surroundings without actually seeing them. His shoes were muddy and his jacket failed to provide him any warmth but he trudged on anyway.
Then he leaned in towards the small hollow of the throat and stuck his tongue out to lick it.
A blink of an eye and he would have literary missed it.
He turned to face his host who was looming close behind him. Time to get to the core of the matter.
“As he is still under the impression that he has committed not only one but two cold-blooded shootings, his natural instinct to flee will kick in as soon as he snaps out of the most acute shock he is currently suffering from. He will try to make a run for it and will be allowed to do so, despite being held by my men at the moment. The greater distance between him and us the better. Should he ever bother trying to return, he will be dealt with accordingly.”
Well, John wasn’t scared.
So what, a fire poker with a strange shape to it, unable to stand in the rack it was meant to be in? Not exactly a mystery when there were so many other things that made far bigger question marks in this house.
“No, probably not,” John smiled. “But he was wise enough to realise that preventing us would be a losing game. He even suggested that I could one day be the making of you. If I applied myself to the job.”
“Whatever reason you have for seeing Sherlock married to Victor Trevor is not going to be worth it in the end when your brother is clearly so unhappy that he has resorted to drugs. Granted, I have no proof that the wedding and his drug abuse are related in any way, but what I saw during that dinner party was a person who looked absolutely miserable, so I’m going to make a guess and say that if Sherlock is forced to go through with the wedding it will likely end in disaster.”
With one hand holding the phone and speaking to the emergency operator as calmly as he could, he leaned in to take a closer look at the mark and suddenly it all became very clear to him what kind of situation he was witnessing.
To stop himself from just walking up to the bespectacled man droning on in his wing-backed chair about how he wanted to get his hands, and most likely other body parts as well, on John’s boyfriend, John let his eyes roam the room instead, tuning out the words from the others for a few seconds. He couldn’t stomach listening to it anymore.
“I swear to you, Sherlock.....if you’re trying to pull another trick....” he growled and felt his fists clenching involuntarily at his sides.
“The reason why you’re here, Mr Holmes, is because I have come to realise that nothing but a proper threat will keep your nose out of my affairs.”
“My brother, do you know when he left and where he was headed?”
Right now it seemed likely that all of John Watson’s further actions would be tainted by mounting anger towards Sherlock, instead of trying to help locate him.
The sedative wouldn’t keep him out for the whole night if he wasn’t particularly knackered to begin with, but a few hours, sure. It would have been ideal if John never realised that Sherlock was gone but considering the journey he was now forced to endure, it seemed less plausible to manage that with every passing minute.
He contemplated trying to turn and face his challenger but did not even manage to take half a step before a voice behind his back addressed him from the shadows.
Mycroft had also suggested that Sherlock could attempt to turn the tables and perhaps try snapping a few photos of Magnussen in a few compromising situations to use as blackmail against the blackmailer himself.  But at this suggestion, Sherlock had merely snorted and not made any promises to follow through with it.
************
“And what did Magnussen want in return for keeping this a secret?”
“This is only my little London get away, nothing too elaborate. I have several other homes that far surpasses what I’ve managed to do with this place. But it has its charm, I suppose, and some of the items, like this painting, are very dear to me.  It was commissioned after my own specific instructions in honour of an intimate acquaintance of mine.”
Considering how unstable Victor was, that idea didn’t sit well with John, but for now he had been unable to communicate this to Sherlock and he could do nothing about it himself either.
The whole gun wielding incident had been unfortunate though and it spoke loudly of the irrational mood Victor was currently suffering from at the moment.
“With that kind of logic you will never be rid of those extra pounds you have been trying to lose for ages now,” he insisted, because when did he ever just let things go, Mycroft thought darkly.
It seemed Magnussen had no idea where Sherlock was and even if that notion meant that Sherlock could be up to some other devilry not to his older brother’s liking, at least it had nothing to do with the repugnant specimen of a man sitting in front of Mycroft right now.
Mycroft had not deigned to listen to his brother earlier and had no idea how long Sherlock might have pursued the issue under the radar, but now it was suddenly clear to him that this mystery man was the missing link to everything that had transpired tonight and the probable cause for his brother’s disappearance.
For a second he closed his eyes and he saw that familiar figure in the window, dressed in his scarlet dressing gown, forever awaiting his arrival.
John stepped even closer and their eyes met, both stubbornly sure of their own right in this matter, Sherlock even going so far as to throw in some arrogance. But John was not willing to yield.
He doesn’t have time for this. If Sherlock is in some kind of danger they need to act now!
He is already looking forward to that day.
“And do you think that is going to hold up in a court of law? You claiming I knew, and everyone is just going to believe it? A man of your shady reputation? Please, that’s even more laughable than Mycroft Holmes running amok looking for his little tart of a brother. Because suddenly his actions make perfect sense if the body of his brother is found here. Naturally he would lock up the culprit and search the house. You have just bereft me of my first true chink in his armour. I was so looking forward to putting this little gem out there among his peers and colleagues.”
The inside was just as bad as the outside, dirty floor, dead leaves, cobwebs hanging from the ceiling, filth everywhere and he was pretty sure an animal had died in a corner somewhere on account of the smell.
He had unfortunately never done so, and as Mycroft certainly didn’t want to watch his brother being sexually abused on film, the job of going through the material had been delegated to his personal assistant, the woman John had met only few times since befriending the Holmes brothers.
“He asked me specifically to keep you out of it and I’m afraid I went with his wishes.”
It was all very precarious and as he had mentioned, many factors were still somewhat unstable, but at least there was some hope now, even if he realised that the feeling of disappointment would hit them harder if they failed now, this close to the finish line.
Once he had ended the call with Dr Watson he dialled the number he knew would reach his brother and told him about the latest turn of events.
He can hear how curt he sounds but doesn’t care. And evidentially it’s what Mycroft needs to hear to snap out of the immediate impassive state.
Magnussen has been moving in the periphery of Mycroft’s world for years, prodding and poking at the people who run this country, usually with more than one finger in the game when a scandal is shocking the nation. That’s the kind of man that Charles Magnussen is.”
But as Magnussen must have known all along and John had suspected, this attitude apparently worked, because Dr Roylott caved in and muttered that he would send a car to pick them up.
He never did learn how that situation turned out because when he returned hours later Sherlock was having a soak in the bath and then Lestrade came by and business was back to usual again.
He didn’t hear the footsteps come up from behind, too lost in thought and when a voice spoke, his eyes blinked as if coming back to reality after a long time occupied inside head.
But now, when he knew more about Sherlock’s background, his failings and insecurities, the body of a real person had solidified the figment of his imagination and turned Sherlock into a real person.
The fact that Jeremy Marcus was last in contact with a member of the surveillance team an hour before Sherlock’s departure from Baker Street means that the abduction could have taken place anytime during the evening or later still.
Oh no....
He took the outstretched hand and got to his feet, feeling a bit wobbly at first but then he managed to straighten his posture and as they walked back inside he felt the previous rush of adrenalin subsiding inside his veins and his ragged breath return to normal. He had forgot that his hands were still dirty and didn’t notice it until he sat down for lunch thirty minutes later, thoughts still reeling from his unexpected experience.
This was indeed beginning to look like such a situation, probably being nothing more than one of his brother’s usual cases, and the aftermath of drugging his lover/flatmate was of no consequence to Mycroft.
“Are you building your own human race perhaps? A new kind of species who are willing to follow your every demand and behave like your own personal minions? Do the taxpayers know that you’re trying to play God with their hard-earned money to fund you?”
His brother was a rather tempestuous creature despite the fact that many people thought of him as rather cold and stand-offish when first encountering him. Those people had naturally not met Mycroft and didn’t know that there was whole other level of being truly cold-tempered.
The gossip about Mr Marcus’s obsession with his object of study is, like everything else, simply hearsay, no one has heard or seen anything for themselves to turn gossip into facts, but the story goes that the obsession began to develop a few months ago, grew stronger as time passed by and resulted in Mr Marcus deciding to take charge of the camera surveillance himself, just to be able to always have Sherlock in his sight.
And what a story.
John slowly nodded.
Dr Roylott screamed and clawed at the snake but it seemed to have buried its teeth quite deep and wasn’t letting go easily.
Sherlock sighed.
Not many people choose to sit in the black leather Corbusier, it is so quintessentially Sherlock that everyone always goes for the other one, even when Sherlock is pacing the room instead and not occupying it.
“And what will he do?”
“Also information that  will be provided once you let us in. Or you might see for yourself by looking at your security cameras. Your surveillance seems to be lacking if no one has yet alerted you to the fact that we have been standing here a good ten minutes all ready.”
He had noticed Magnussen approaching Mycroft from behind and how the two men had exchanged words before Sherlock joined them and appearantly the mission was now in full swing if you considerd Sherlock's rather blatant display of his assets.
They stayed quiet for a long time, John just holding his arms cradling Sherlock’s thin frame, wishing none of this was actually happening but at the same time realising that whishing for things to be different wouldn’t change anything.
It is only common sense to keep tabs on even the most insignificant of threats.
His biggest concern this moment was not his brother though, but a whole other level of discomfort in the shape of a familiar figure marching towards him in angry strides from the entrance door less than two hours after the hired ambulance had left the premises.
“I’m just pointing out that technically….”
At least Dr Watson had his gun, even if he hadn’t displayed it openly yet, and Magnussen would perhaps be a valuable mediator during possible negotiations. And well, Mycroft had his own resources to use, if the situation dictated it.
Then he leaned in and began to suck on John’s throat, scraping his teeth slightly against the sensitive skin while his hands deftly dealt with unbuttoning Johns trousers.
But John wasn’t backing down.
He walked over to Sherlock who seemed perfectly nailed to the floor, watching John as he stepped up to him until the distance between them was well within personal boundaries.
A moment of silence before Magnussen replied, a tone of curiosity colouring his voice as he spoke.
Sherlock rolled his eyes when hearing this.
“So what is it you suggest that we do with him? If you don’t show up, he’s bound to come looking for you. I don’t want him here, or coming to my house, it’s too intrusive. Neither do I want him coming to look for you at Baker Street and realise that he has a serious contender in Doctor Watson. Nothing puts a dampener on things quite like ending up face to face with a boyfriend. I’m not even sure it’s such a good idea to avoid him the way you suggest. It might aggravate him further, push him into making rash decisions.”
hand lingering on that pulsating point on Sherlock’s wrist, a highly unusual position to be resting your fingers when you consider the kind of relationship the brothers have been cultivating between them, as well as the harshness in tone that accompanies this scene.
He had been instructed to make the particular demand of a personal signature on the delivery, pressing the point of its importance and urgency to force Magnussen to leave the room and give Sherlock enough time to free himself and get out. Accustomed as he was, since childhood, in the practice of getting out of seemingly tricky situations, he had no trouble at all with liberating himself from a bond of his own making, so as soon as the door had closed behind Magnussen’s back, he got to work and once released, he fell effortlessly to the floor, landing on his feet.
Sherlock’s eyes in the pictures were gleaming, his hands chained to something above his head, lips parted, the very epitome of erotic content and Mycroft by reflex made a swift effort to reach for them, to tear them up and destroy them, piece by piece, as if by doing so would erase the very incident from ever having taken place.
He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to say.
“Speaking of Magnussen, where is he? Did he leave the house as well?”
Mycroft was used to be the odd one out at social gatherings and it didn’t bother him as he neither craved or needed the approval of these small men. Their snide remarks meant nothing to him. But the way Pemberton talked about Sherlock as if he was someone to be lusted after, to be had by just anyone, it wasn’t tolerable, even if it surprised him a little how strongly he felt about this.
Sherlock held back a snort.
An hour earlier Sherlock had managed to cause a similarly unexpected disturbance in a flat in different part of town, but the occupant of that resident had at least not been asleep when Sherlock had entered, but was instead busy pounding the fastmoving treadmill he tried using at least a few times a week, preferably in the morning before preparing for work.
The face relaxed.
More information was needed.
“It worked on you, didn’t it?”
Despite these thoughts swirling inside his head, outwardly John’s face remained blank though. No use panicking before he had more facts.
This gesture earned him the other man’s full attention once more, and while enjoying that sensation the way he had always done, ever since first meeting John Watson, he marvelled at how real John’s hand felt like.
Considering her boyfriend’s strange behaviour of calling the whole thing off the very next day, it sounded like something Sherlock would probably do once establishing that he had gotten what he was after.
“Spare whatever you’re about to say, I’m not interested. The last thing I remember is that he told me the Magnussen affair was over and done with. He has not indicated that he has any other cases going. In fact, I thought we were spending the evening together, just the two of us. Should have realised it wasn’t even remotely realistic.”
Sherlock gave a nonchalant shrug of his shoulders, making him look exactly like the target audience of said novels.
His drawl was smooth and decidedly posh and John instinctively did not want to be seated in that uncomfortable looking chair like some sort of grateful servant in front of a master, so he merely shook his head.
Sherlock was clearly in a good mood if his eager movements up and down John’s hardening cock was any indication. That probably meant that he had been successful in achieving results with Magnussen last night, and settling with that knowledge for now, happy that Sherlock was back unharmed, John relaxed into the other man’s touch and allowed himself to enjoy the pleasure his flatmate was bestowing upon him. Even if Sherlock often was an eager participant in sexual activities at all hours of the day, this was still a rather unexpected awakening as far as John was concerned, but who was he to complain?
So it’s either going to the Diogenes or showing up at Mycroft’s house and John infinitely thinks the former to be his best option, at least there will be witnesses if Mycroft for some reason decides that John needs to stop asking questions.
“Why were you breaking into your brother’s research facility in the first place?”
Looking at it immediately takes him back to that day and an onslaught of mixed emotions wash over him.
“Comfortable? Are you getting old, Dr Watson? Am I beginning to wear you out perhaps?”
Shortly before Victor’s departure, the man hired to act as Sherlock’s physician, had called to inform them that Sherlock was still unconscious and remained under life threatening conditions whereupon Victor had managed to lose whatever resolve he had left, swiped his arm out to throw the crystal decanter containing the whiskey to the floor, smashing it into a million tiny little pieces scattering like diamonds on the carpet between them before rushing out of the house, slamming the door in his wake.
It was simultaneously a tantalizing sight as well as provoking, John could just imagine the anger in Mycroft’s eyes if he had been aware of this blatant display of impropriety.
Experience dealing with Mycroft over the years had taught him as much and even if this repugnant man was nothing like his brother otherwise, the matter of remaining in comand of things, still put them in the same category of emotionally stumped men with far too much power and need of omnipotent control.
knew about his social gaffe of interrupting a dinner party held by Charles Magnussen at one of the most exclusive venues in the city.
Well, until now. Maybe the man would be released from this duty after John had informed him of the new status of things.
“Call me sentimental, but I carry these with me, while waiting for your brother to give me new fodder to use. Would you like to take a look?”
His eyes quickly swivelled to Sherlock and worry tugged at his heartstrings at the sight, making him rush forward, almost knocking Mycroft over in his attempt to reach the unconscious form on the sofa.
Wishing to wrap things up soon enough, John leaned forward a little bit and looked at Magnussen intently.
With fumbling hands he managed to locate the number he was searching for and pressed the dial button.
Even if Mycroft occasionally enjoyed fine dining himself, when his diet permitted it, or rather, when he allowed himself the indulgence, this was not his natural milieu.
John quickly sprung up from his lazy position on the floor and scrambled for his clothes in panic.
As he reached the entrance, he stopped for a second to contemplate how he was supposed to get a hold of a car to take him back, when Magnussen’s soft-spoken voice addressed him from the shadows of the hallway. John actually jolted in surprise as he had thought he was alone and would be able to sneak out unnoticed.
“What exactly is it that you want from me?” Mycroft finally sighed.
Normally John isn’t this inattentive of his flatmate’s whereabouts, it is difficult to be when your flatmate is Sherlock Holmes - attention whore extraordinaire, but the saying “
He pushed aside the only pair of Wellington boots that were on it and then rushed back and tilted it on the side, wedged in under the door handle so it couldn’t be turned.
Unfortunately, the information available at this short notice was not particularly useful.
“Well, he would be the first to notice, the envious bastard....”
“No, not more than the occasional top off to get him through a night at a club, the recreational use, nothing beyond that. It started like that for me as well, but I had a stronger urge to overindulge while he easily could prevent himself from taking anything for weeks on end. In that regard he was smarter than me, I guess. I was badly prepared for the life he introduced me to and I easily fell into the trap of my own making very quickly.”
John couldn’t help but let his eyes widen at these words. Both because he was surprised to find out that Mycroft was related to the young man, they certainly looked nothing alike, but also because a wave of sheer relief washed over him with the information that the person he had last seen being carried away on a stretcher had after all survived his ordeal.
He allowed those words to sink in before he finished what he wanted to say.
A bit hurt by the harshness of these words John got up from the bed and reached for his discarded pants from the floor.
“How eloquently put. But don’t worry, I’m not worming myself out of anything. Merely passing the time while avoiding being consumed by boredom.”
Mycroft tried to stop him in his tracks.
Magnussen stepped forward again and grabbed the chin firmly between his fingers, enjoying the feeling of heat radiating from Sherlock’s skin, mixing so well with the dampness coming from his own hand.
“A whole day could make a world of difference. By tomorrow I might not be willing to pay for what you are offering me tonight.”
As he rose from his chair, his umbrella still in a firm hold in his hand, he asked Sherlock to accompany him downstairs.
John’s eyes fell on Sherlock’s riding crop that was innocently lying among the mess of debris on Sherlock’s desk. He had never touched it before and wondered how it would feel against the palp of his hand. What sort of noises it could elicit out of Sherlock.
He tilted his head slightly before he spoke, not completely unlike the way a reptile would, with a jerky movement that made him seem more resembling animal form than a human.
“Mr Holmes, welcome to Stoke Moran. My name is Doctor Grimesby Roylott. Your arrival has been most anticipated.”
The door itself did not look like the rest of the house, it was a sturdy piece made of mahogany and looked more like something that had been personally chosen than anything else he had seen so far.
Victor turned and walked over to a locker standing in a darkened corner of the room. He opened the door to it and reached inside for something.
But it was doomed of course, his body treacherously betrayed him as if he had no say on the matter and it didn’t take long before he, heavily panting, came all over Sherlock’s hand, his eyes scrunched together to keep out the sight of his friend’s gloating face.
The idea of Magnussen’s hands on his brother’s body was an unpleasant notion. That idea of anyone’s hands on his brother or his brother in a sexual situation of any kind naturally didn’t sit well with him. What had happened to the very underappreciated trait of being a gentleman?
But Magnussen was a different opponent than what Mycroft was used to going up against, and if there ever was a man that had the potential to succeed, it would be Magnussen.
It had not taken him long to come up with the plan he was now about to launch, and initially Sherlock had seemed at least a little interested in going after a master of blackmail. But when the finer details of the plan had been exposed, Sherlock had grown increasingly reluctant to follow through with it.
But would Sherlock really be mad enough to actually get engaged to Magnussen’s P.A just for the opportunity to search for the vault?
Magnussen reached out a hand and tugged at the damp black curls falling across the forehead.
“I’ve never seen you this jittery before. Agitated yes, hot-headed as well, but this? This is....”
Sherlock’s silence spoke more loudly than if he had actually given a positive response to Magnussen’s claim.
“Such insolence, even when looking like someone I could have picked up from the men’s room at Paddington Station at 03:00 A.M, minus any fresh punctuation wounds on your arms, but certainly with the same fetid odour I would expect form such a location.”
Unfortunately I didn't manage to wrap it up in just one final chapter. So an epilogue will follow shortly.
He did not remember much after that.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows in mock surprise.
He rushed forward and wrapped his arms around the slender form, as he had promised himself to do when the business with Magnussen was over and done with.
At this last question Mycroft lets out what sounds like something between a snort, a sob and a laugh.
The Le Corbusier Sherlock had insisted on as payment from a client once, recognising the comfort as well as the work put into the chair, had been a good bargain for helping a woman find a stolen laptop that her jealous boyfriend had confiscated and used to post naked pictures of her online. The case had been one of the early ones when Sherlock still wasn’t too picky about cases and lacked the affinity to discuss payment properly with the few clients he stumbled upon.
As he was still facing Sherlock, and Mycroft was positioned behind his back, he couldn’t actually see Mycroft’s face, but he could very well imagine the cold rage crossing his features right now.
For some reason, the news of Sherlock’s disappearance has not caught the media yet, not even Scotland Yard knows in any official capacity beyond the closest group of people, those working with Sherlock on a regular basis. Mycroft wants to keep it like that so it's probably his arrangement, afraid that any police involvement might spook Mr Marcus into doing something rash.
“You want to talk about Dr Watson right now, while your fiancé’s life is hanging by a thread?”
Dr Roylott snorted at the same time as John did, and Mycroft arched his eyebrows at the sound, but Magnussen didn’t move a muscle to indicate that he cared about their obvious show of contempt for what he was saying.
He passed the waiting car and ignored the door that was held open for him.
Mycroft remained standing by the door staring into the darkness for a long time afterwards, doing his very best to control the slight tremble that made the hand around the door handle shake just a little bit.
He felt himself buckle up against the movement of Sherlock’s fingers very skilfully running up and down his member while the other one hand was squeezing his testicles with enough pressure to send a pooling desire from John’s abdomen towards his more intimate regions, accompanied with an undignified moan that slipped  his mouth despite the struggle to not lose control.
“Very well. Not many can say that they don't fear my brother and actually mean it. You’re either incredibly stupid or very smart, time will tell I suppose.”
The sudden grip of a firm hand around John’s neck almost startled him, fingers digging deep into the skin and as the other man spoke, his voice was much closer now.
That had clearly been a huge mistake and now he keeps wondering if he should tell Mycroft about the reason behind that decision.
“Your removal from the scene was detrimental to our job. Admittedly you did a great job of locating the entrance to the vault and as I believe I mentioned earlier, you saved us a lot of time and effort by doing so. But beyond that, it was beneficial to us if you stayed clear of the scene and allowed my men to take care of the rest.”
But at the same time, the man’s lust needed to be kept lingering, and therefor Sherlock decided to play things a little risqué, something  Mycroft and John would certainly disapprove of, but on the other hand, Mycroft had sorely miscalculated what Magnussen was truly about and John had not been aware of his true nature at all.
The fact that Sherlock had a spiralling drug addiction that had lead to an overdose less than a week ago and was referred to as “his latest behaviour” as if he had nicked a few apples from a neighbour’s garden or played truant, told John everything he needed to know about the dynamic between the two brothers, something he should have guessed from his first encounter with them if he hadn’t been too busy looking at a firm arse in a tight pair of trousers.
“Am I not allowed to talk about your fiancé at all?”
His co-workers were happy to see him when he arrived but surprisingly no one asked him where he had been, a few of them greeted him with welcoming shouts and others nodded in his direction as he passed by, but beyond that, things remained unusually normal.
“Maybe you were too busy listening to the sound of your own voice to hear someone else talking…”
Because while Sherlock simultaneously showed signs of being brittle and almost physically weak at the moment, his mood was not consistent with the way his body showed signs of fatigue. In fact, he seemed to switch from appearing very happy, if that was actually a mood he was capable of having, to being edgy and restless and then downright depressed at times. For a person who normally suffered terrible mood swings to begin with it was telling that those seemed tame in comparison to the way he behaved now.
Because at the end of the day, there was nothing he could do about any of this now, except perhaps end it with Sherlock to remove himself from further temptation, but that alternative did not seem particularly appealing to him either.
The last sentence was muttered with obvious chagrin, more to himself than to Mycroft.
Luckily Victor had been away on a business trip at the time or he would have noticed the result of that punishment, and all hell would have broken lose.
“I honestly don’t know how you can stomach dealing with him.”
Did Sherlock really think that he had the right to act the victim here after all the lies and manipulations he had pulled off? After tonight’s revelations of his deplorable drug abuse?
jealous? Did he hit you?”
“Yes, and, this is actually
John then nodded in the direction of the crowd.
“But you do. As you resigned so very hastily from your position as Sherlock’s physician, I assume there is a reason behind that decision. You hinted as much over the phone, even going so far as to regret ever accepting the job in the first place. That indicates some sort of wrongdoing on his part. Or perhaps it was his brother’s fault? Either way, I’m sure there is an interesting story behind it.”
All he remembers is the sound of water running from the taps in the bathroom while filling up the tub and then silence until Sherlock emerged almost a full hour later, dressed in one of his silky robes, curls wet, sending rivulets of dampness down his neck and throat, causing John’s own throat to constrict a little at the sight.
The fact that a cloth was lying next to it that must have covered it initially proved this point even further. Hidden under a cloth in the dark it must have made it very difficult to spot indeed. Mycroft, who earlier had claimed to have seen a snake in a terrarium, must have lifted the cloth to take a peek and surely recieved quite a shock at the sight.
He looked ethereal with his pale skin and black curls, dressed in a dark narrow suit and Victor could feel his heart clench as he stared at the photo trough his drunken haze, tears welling up in his eyes for the umptieth time this evening.
“Get me a cup of coffee, no sugar, as black as you can possibly get it. Then you may go find yourself a new task or just bugger off. Neither you nor anyone else for that matter is getting within an inch of this material from now on!”
He pondered his options for another 30 minutes before he browsed the contacts on his phone until he reached M Holmes and then he pressed dial.
“Victor isn’t denied access out of spite. But my brother is, as you can see for yourself, quite ill and is in no condition to handle any visitors.”
John nods to himself, but not letting his eyes move away from Mycroft’s pacing form. It does indeed sound suspicious but still very vague. There has to be more to it, otherwise Mycroft would not be so worked up about it.
John positively seethed with frustration as he stared into the cold eyes of  his employer where he calmly leaned against the leather seat, features neutral but the hands holding the handle of a Malacca cane in a grip so firm it made the knuckles turn white, told a different story.
Beneath the words the man was clearly rattled.
“But that’s sexual abuse! How could you agree to any of this? How could Mycroft? You’re his brother!”
He wasn’t sure anymore but nodded all the same and turned around to follow the other man back inside. Without having to ask he knew there would be a black car waiting for him at the front.
If this was Sherlock’s husband to be, he needed to see what this man actually looked like.
Because it never went the way his dreams had allowed him to believe of course.
“We still don’t really know what happened here tonight, only that Sherlock must have been here at one point and most likely ended up in a physical fight that resulted in his button being ripped off.”
“Good nap, was it?”
John actually froze for a second at the sight of him, stumped by the unexpected presence of someone he had tried to put as far away from his mind as possible.
“Oh, I have a few ideas. Why don’t you come over here and sit on my lap and I’ll tell you all about it.”
He had helped bring some life back into John’s empty existence, made it worth living again. Sherlock had made John feel love when he thought he never would, he had made these past couple of months the best as well as the worst in his life and now it had suddenly come to a screeching halt.
Sherlock shrugged.
“Yes. This particular device makes an unpredictable return. But the outcome will be quite different this time, I assure you.” John said.
Then it became quiet again and he waited, not exactly sure of what, but his captor was hardly going to leave him tied up like this forever, was he.
Stubbornly Mycroft had always assumed that his little brother would grow out of it eventually, as he had with his pirate phase, or his short-lived career as a pickpocket, but unfortunately it had never happened.
instead of the other way around. You always complain about my vivid imagination, but this overshadows anything I could ever have come up with.”
came through her employer’s clenched teeth.
Oh, the doctor was hiding it as well as he could possibly manage, but was of course fooling no one.
Sending back the car had been a good start.
“Their reputation proceeds them. And don’t change the subject. You know this is puerile, Mycroft. Sending your own brother like some femme fatale, or in my case
Then with a deep shudder followed by a loud filthy moan Sherlock came, hot sticky semen squirting down John’s throat that he tried his best to swallow as it came, although some of it trickled down the corners of his mouth.
It was just a couple of months after all. How much damage could he possibly get himself into?
When he had finished Mycroft didn’t say anything for a long time and he also didn’t ask any further questions so after a while John began to wonder if he was silently being dismissed. Mycroft certainly seemed like the type of man who would swat away an unneeded presence with a simple hand gesture without a second thought about it.
People were rubbish at descriptions, never paying enough attention to detail.
So it was a blessing that his imagination had been allowed to run away with him for a second, creating that telling shudder, fully visible for Magnussen to notice and analyse to his heart’s content. It was a valid reaction to another person’s misfortune despite having turned bitter about their past, as was the role he was supposed to play tonight.
“If we continue, I’m not sure I’ll be able to stop,” John panted as Sherlock began tearing at his jumper to get him out of it while his own hands were moving across the endless planes of naked skin across the back and down to the firm bottom where he grabbed a handful, happy to finally be able to touch what had so far only been a dirty fantasy.
This had earned him the additional problem of dealing with the screaming man’s mates who had rushed to his defence and tried to return the blow but greatly missed their target on account of their state of intoxication.
He seated himself in his chair and carefully opened the delivery. Inside it was a handwritten note as well as an envelope. The note simply said:
That is something he picked up in the army, people too shell-shocked to react could be jump-started into action by a well-aimed slap to the cheek and a firm tone of voice.
Naturally Sherlock wasn’t interested in listening to any misgivings.
This is also eerily familiar to Sherlock when he sometimes stops in the middle of a rambling session and almost surprised catches his own reflection. But where Sherlock seems to momentarily and somewhat vainly get distracted by what he sees in the mirror, runs a hand through his curls or absently straightens his collar, Mycroft seems to get uncomfortable when faced with the image of himself and he quickly turns around again, as if looking at something unagreeable.
And after that, there had been no time to ponder the question further as he had mere minutes later received enough blows and punches to render him both injured as well as unconscious.
, John thought with fondness, the second before his brain caught up with his own words and he almost stopped short in his tracks from shock.
But inside, it still was and would remain, a turmoil.
“Mr Holmes’s future brother in law.”
“I’m not sure what he has chosen to take now, he usually favoured cocaine in the past but that was years ago and I don’t know.....I never thought.....,” Mycroft lost his words again as if realising that he too had missed something fundamentally important, a feeling probably not that common for a man like him, and they both stared down at the limp figure on the couch, looking dead to world. “I believe it might have been morphine this time, I found some scribblings up in his room that indicated that he could have been tampering with making his own compound with the chemistry set, the word morphine was mentioned several times.”
Reasonably Sherlock couldn’t very well announce that he was a consulting detective who tended to co-operate with Scotland Yard, but perhaps he was taking the idle youth act a little too far. Magnussen did after all appreciate some semblance of intelligence in his conquests. A firm body could only take you that far, it needed to be accompanied with something else or interest would be shortlived indeed.
Beyond this sudden turn of events, there was also the visit from John Watson awaiting him this evening.
Sherlock looked at John with clear annoyance in his eyes now.
Freshly shaved and quickly dressed, he cast a look in the mirror that hung above his bed. For the last couple of months he had managed to regain some of the muscle mass he has lost while recuperating in a hospital bed after having been shot in the shoulder. His skin was slightly tanned from spending a lot of time outdoors and his body felt solid and firm again, like it had been before he had been sent down from Kandahar on account of his injury.
Circumstances were so much more different now and instead of the slight anticipation he had felt that evening when he had exited a different car, dressed in his army dress uniform, ready for another type of battle, this time he only had himself to rely on, and his ability to follow the orders Sherlock had instructed him to perform and hope that it would be enough.
If people think Sherlock is a full-time arse to the general population they have yet to encounter Mycroft at his most condescending and pompous self. It’s frankly a whole new level of arseholeness and if you consider the fact that John’s flatmate is Sherlock bloody Holmes – the official face of snark himself, and that John has spent a substantial amount of time both in the military and around overachievers in medicine, two fields known for harbouring a lot of overblown egos, it speaks volumes that Mycroft stills ends up on top of the list.
“Mycroft, what the hell....?” John began but was impatiently cut off mid-sentence by Mycroft.
John’s own parents had been dead for many years and he only had his sister left who he wasn’t particularly close to, so he knew the feeling of not having any family members around, of not having somewhere to return to or someone to call when life had decided to chew you up and spit you out.
“A few chosen
The car came punctually at a quarter past eight as Mycroft had told him last night.
“I’ve been meaning to ask, how is my brother faring health wise? Your recent reports have been surprisingly sparse as of late.”
************
The figure on the bed stirs slightly but his eyes remain closed and will continue to do so for at least a few hours which means that Mycroft has plenty of time to observe.
Magnussen gave him a superior look over the rim of his glasses.
You can just image our shock when we heard this and realised who it was that had put Magnussen in our path. A man I had a long time ago stopped thinking about, someone so deeply buried in my past that I had difficulty believing the news when Mycroft told me of it afterwards. Initially I even thought it was all just a really bad joke.
His eyes widened as he caught sight of the cheetah and he had to check twice before realising that it wasn’t a living specimen. It was very eerie looking and made him feel uncomfortable, staring into those yellow glass eyes. What kind of a macabre ramshackle of a house was this anyway?
Magnussen was surely not such a great enigma once you stuck your teeth into him, but right now Sherlock didn’t know sufficiently about the man to tell all his secrets and therefore a quick search of his private office was a necessity. His internal clock was already ticking away, the woman downstairs had surely called security by now and they in turn had probably decided to call Magnussen, so he didn’t have much time.
“She was right about that, it is a good colour on you. When my salary one day can afford to shop on Jermyn Street I’ll be sure to replace the ones I ruined.” John said, still enjoying the feeling of endorphins rushing through his blood stream, a feeling of drowsiness settling into his limbs now that their physical exertion was over and done with.
“Please save us both from the embarrassment of having to witness you denying the obvious. I have been suspecting for some time that there might have developed some......
“Fine then, what happened to the plan I was supposed to follow last night?”
As he is about to close the door behind him, John calls out one final order.
Latching on to the first detail that stuck to his mind, he wryly noted:
He paused and they stared at each other, Mycroft still calm and collected outwardly, even if no one truly knew what went on inside that mind of his, while  John trembled slightly from supressed anger, conquering the desire to grab the other man by his lapels and shake him just to make him see some sense.
That is the other thing about Mycroft that John does not particularly care for. He is not afraid of him per se, but at the same time, John isn’t stupid enough not to recognise what a man like Sherlock’s brother could actually do to you if he felt inclined.  And the glimmer in his eyes normally sending arctic temperatures to the person on the receiving end of his stare is a clear indicator that it would not be a hardship to do away with those who he wishes to get rid of.
Later that afternoon, as most of the other men had headed off to the pub to watch a game, he lounged on his bed, reading one of his paperbacks that kept him entertained when he wasn’t in the mood to join the others for a night out.
He felt a hunger that never could be satisfied by anyone else, Sherlock was everything he had ever wanted and he felt certain that he would never tire of the sight of the other man lying with his lips slightly parted, eyes closed as his long dark lashes rested against  his soft cheeks, vibrating with need for John to overpower him, devour him, give him release. The idea of Sherlock who ordinarily was such a proud and headstrong person giving himself so completely to John’s strong capable hands made his head spin with excitement every time. It felt like catching a thoroughbred horse and rein it in sufficiently to make it eat out of your hand, John still sometimes found himself thanking his lucky star over how things had turned out, although he never allowed the other man to see that he felt like this, instead he kept his domineering persona intact during their sexual acts and enjoyed deftly setting the tone when they had sex.
Naturally there were a few exceptions to the rule but in the end he had always managed to ensnare the majority of them as well, as even the most cold-hearted of individuals inevitably had a pressure point and once you found out what that was, it could be used against them.
Sometimes he got caught, like the time he had apparently decided to break into Mr Rudd’s office and had been brought out of there kicking and screaming by a furious Mycroft, dragging him by his shirt. Sherlock had not been very old back then, not even out of his teenage years if some of the men around the table were to be believed, and he had been high as a kite as well.
“He even suggested that I could one day be the making of you. If I applied myself to the job.”
He let go of the limp hand to watch it fall back on top of the coverlet and then turned his back on Sherlock, ready to leave, now as he had seen what Mycroft had so adamantly tried to keep a secret.
So he cleared his throat and fixated Mycroft with a firm look.
The inside was tastefully decorated but very impersonal as well, nothing looked like it had been chosen with any particular care or affection and just as the exterior, it exuded an air of coldness about the place.
John felt surprisingly happy to hear this even if he under any circumstances always felt relief when someone he had helped treating actually pulled through. This had been so unexpected though and he had not acted in the capacity of his professional role so the news that it had turned out alright made him feel almost giddy with relief.
It was perhaps the way his face had a look of smugness that gave John the distinct feeling of being nothing but a piece of dirt in the other man’s eyes, and then with the added snide comment about factory work he realised that he strongly disliked this person who knew how to blow himself up to an impressible size but in reality was nothing but a poser who hid behind a fancy way of speaking and an expensive-looking suit.
As far as Mycroft was concerned, he didn’t know about this either, but he at least would be more displeased than actually shocked, having experienced what Sherlock was actually capable of sometimes.
“But surely there can be no harm in simply answering a few questions?”
As Mycroft stepped over the threshold, it took a second for his eyes to find his target.
Dr Roylott winced at that last phrasing but didn’t lash out to defend himself.
“You can’t expect me to simply take the word of a man with your reputation at face value, Dr Roylott. Besides, having been forced to listen not only to you but to Mr Magnussen as well, discussing my brother in a very derogatory manner, I wouldn’t consider my own words too offensive in comparison.”
He also noticed the use of his professional title again, like these people wanted to make a point of telling him that they knew who he truly was, as if it had all been some deeply hidden secret up until now on his part.
03:43 the time on the screen announced but it wasn’t unusual for him to receive phone calls as well as messages at all hours of the day so it truly was of no consequence what the time really was.
Then the hand moved upwards once again, this time stopping by his mouth, fingers prying his lips apart before the middle finger was inserted into his mouth.
“I realise that but I’m not sure that I’m all that interested in what you’re offering anymore. Seems like you don’t know what you’re willing to pay me and I don’t like hustling around like I’m working some street Bazaar trying to sell dodgy watches to a customer who doesn’t know what he wants.”
Magnussen was more of an unknown adversary in that regard.
He had already made the call for someone to come pick them up and that helicopter was on its way, but considering these new circumstances, he made another call, this time for a medical emergency and then turned to John who still had Sherlock in his arms but was struggling a little bit under the weight.
She took him through a maze of security gates and a glass elevator that could only be accessed by a keycard and John secretly wondered how Sherlock had managed to gain entry to this place to establish that the vault wasn’t kept here.
“Why are you being such an arsehole?” he hissed instead, his fists clenched at his sides.
The evening came and went, and Sherlock remained comfortably sitting in front of his microscope in that part of the kitchen that was assigned to him and his experiments. As a chemistry graduate he had argued the need of a personal lab and even if John wasn’t particularly pleased about it, he had unfortunately not managed to persuade Sherlock into looking at the kitchen as a place for eating and cooking and, as long as he didn’t do any experiments that were flammable, dangerous or foul-smelling, he had given up the war over the kitchen space far more easily than he would ever admit to. Sherlock had managed to stick to the rules fairly well and had only broken the ban on three occasions so far.
“Sound like someone else I know…” Sherlock muttered and turned his eyes to look at John instead, who gave him a crooked smile in the mirror.
“I don’t care what you need. What
“And you will likely never have it. But I won’t stand in your way either. You better go to him, he is expecting you, has been asking for you ever since he woke up.”
“You are my most important person in my life and there is nothing or no one to stand in my way of finally putting my ring on your finger, share my name as well as my home and belong to me in every sense of the word. You have made me a very happy man, Sherlock and I want to raise my glass to salute you in front of these people, our generous host and your brother of course and let them share our happiness tonight. The next time we will be gathered like this it will be to hear us speak our vows in front a priest. So, a toast to you, my dearest darling, and for many more pleasurable days and nights in our future!”
“He thinks I’ve left for a case,” Sherlock’s voice eventually came drifting through the dark. From the sound of it, he was thinking about something else.
“Yes, sorry for the intrusion. I fell victim for it myself earlier this evening, while dining at The Delauney . And for the very same reason as we are now intruding upon you. You see, Mr Holmes here, had the strong belief that his errant younger brother Sherlock was sharing my company tonight and apparently thought it necessary to come and collect him. Unfortunately, Sherlock was not with me, I would have given me much joy if he had been.”
“I see. Sounds problematic indeed and naturally you must be reminded of it almost daily when forced to remain working for his brother. But that dilemma could easily be resolved if you’re willing to meet with me tomorrow evening and see if we might to come to some sort of arrangement.”
A shadow crossed the other man’s features for a second, clearly not used to being talked to in any other way but subservient, but he quickly recovered and returned to his previous smugness once more.
“I’m afraid I haven’t the slightest idea what to say to that, Mr Magnussen. Although my brother in my own eyes will always remain the irresponsible little boy I grew up with, he is after all an adult and I have sadly no sway over his decisions. We’re in fact not particularly close, never have been and I’m afraid the chasm is too wide to ever truly mend. Too many childhood resentments and an age gape impossible to overlook. We simply never shared any common interests.”
“Of course, I have incentive. A rather good one in fact. Because whatever Sherlock tells me about what the two of you are up to during your visits to the house, I certainly have my doubts about it.”
“Since Mr Holmes moved in, give or take a few days.”
He suddenly remembered the obligatory STD tests and wondered if it was perhaps further proof of Victor Trevor’s need for control that he insisted on having them taken. It seemed very much in line with his current attitude to have full knowledge of everything regarding his fiancé.
Biiip.
“I would claim that some of us actually need to work out to stay in shape as we can’t all be blessed with your metabolism, but I’m not going to say it as it risks turning your already swollen head even more enlarged by doing so. No need to feed that ego of yours even more than you do yourself,” Mycroft said while he brought a small towel to his face to wipe off some of the sweat. He didn’t like how his body reacted to being pushed physically. It was disgustingly damp and painful work, but he also didn’t like to see the return of any wretched weight gain that he so easily suffered. So, more often than not, this was the preferable option.
Sherlock sighed and shrugged his shoulders.
Sherlock was surprisingly wiry despite his slenderness, his pectorals as well as his arms displayed some hint of muscle and the abdominal area was very lean and slender. He was probably stronger than how he appeared with his clothes on. Or perhaps John had focused too much on the bottom part of the body earlier to really notice the rest.
He could acctually relate to how Magnussen probably felt right now, he knew all too well about the feelings that generated through your body when looking at someone like Sherlock, like you couldn’t wait to spread him out in front of you and simply claim him. The difference was of course that he was actually allowed to do so, while Magnussen was certainly not.
“I wasn’t worried. Sherlock seldom seeks my company by choice anyway. We crash into each other more likely, battle it out and then go away to lick our wounds in separate corners of the house.”
Her personality was surprisingly bubbly and quite the opposite to the way Magnussen carried himself that John for a second felt baffled that the businessman had opted for such a lively, talkative woman as a member of his team.
“Is that a question or merely an observation?” he asked.
“Mr Holmes, you don’t usually feel the need to accompany me to your brother’s bedroom.”
“I assure you that Dr Watson and I will do our very best to prevent anything from happening to him. You don’t need to worry yourself about it, he will be joining you in front of that church altar when these four months have passed, healthy and unharmed.”
John reluctantly realised that he would not achieve any further progress on the subject of Victor and allowed it to drop for now, promising himself that if he could, he would take the matter into his own hands later. Maybe Mycroft could be persuaded somehow?
Mycroft silently prayed that Magnussen at least would have the common sense to keep his photos of Sherlock to himself, especially considering that they were all sitting in a helicopter that was already jittery to begin with. He held no doubt that, if provoked sufficiently, John would resort to physical violence and where would that lead them? Worst case scenario was a full-blown crash down a field in the middle of nowhere, and if possible, he wished to avoid such a humiliating fate to an otherwise distinguished existence.   It would hardly benefit Magnussen to end his days in such a scenario either.
For starters he should try to find out where Mycroft might have taken his precious little brother and then see what else could be gleaned from that information. As he had told Sherlock himself earlier, it didn’t matter if the young man was locked up in a facility somewhere, seemingly out of reach, because there would always be a way for Magnussen to gain admittance even to the most tightly secured institution. The issue was just to figure out its location.
Officially he has told himself afterwards that it would have been embarrassing to be caught walking around smelling like Sherlock, but the unofficial reason remains uncomfortably festering deep down in his own conscience where he seldom ventures to look more closely.
“Last I heard, he is currently facing an angry group of board members on account of some misguiding statistics in his recent bookkeeping. The man formerly in charge of aiding him with those fraudulent numbers has suddenly decided to withdraw that help on account of no longer suffering the threat of exposure regarding his extramarital affairs with rent boys.”
“You know what I’ve said about failing. It can’t be an option for us. It simply won’t be an acceptable outcome in my book.”
Before John had the opportunity to answer though, Sherlock once again brought attention back to what he found more important than anyone’s sleeping habits.
There wasn’t any ridicule in what he said, it wasn’t even a real question because they both knew the answer.
Carefully folding his coat, jacket and shirt in a neat pile on the floor, Sherlock removed the belt he had chosen to wear for this particular occasion. He usually never wore belts, his trousers were made to fit him impeccably so there was no real need for him to wear one, but for this occasion, it had been a necessary addition to his outfit.
He had kept his gun pointed at the door determinedly with a steady hand while waiting for his arrival, but despite this very obvious, eye-catching gesture, the violent doctor seemed to ignore it completely because he just charged in and ran with full force into John.
So when his slack armed had managed to fool the butler into releasing his grip, John saw his opportunity and took it.
“I’ll call Mycroft to see what he has to say,” he said and then ended the call without waiting for Victor’s response.
Yet again he silently cursed his brother for putting him in this position.
“Well, they never stick around for long unfortunately. I have some hopes about this new one though, he showed signs of some very quick thinking at a very crucial moment. He was the one who called the ambulance and administered the adrenalin shot before Sherlock was taken to hospital. In all likelihood he saved my brother’s life.”
“Assess him and then tell me what you think, doctor,” was all he said.
Sherlock gave a bemused snort.
This was all down to his brother’s incessant need for control. It was straight out compulsory, and it had always been an issue between them. Better to let Mycroft believe he had won this round and continue with his own investigations under the radar.
But now he realised that these people had a lot of opinions and where not shy about venting them.
“Who told you about him?”
“Well, yes....”
Sherlock could hear the other man follow him from behind as he stepped into what appeared to be a salon, more Victorian era than modern day, with heavy furniture and gilded frames around outdated paintings, some very intricate dark tapestry and the light coming mostly from a roaring fireplace and an actual oil lamp.
“And that Magnussen character, what’s up with him? This place looks like a crossover between count Dracula's castle and a burlesque house and the man himself seems to have a bizarre penchant for interior design that makes you want to run away screaming. Does he keep kittens in glass jars somewhere and calls it art perhaps? Or does he have an armchair made out of endangered animals? I bet if we look closely enough in all of the rooms, we might actually find a chair like that. He gives me the bloody creeps!  How can you stand it all?”
“Oh, I’ll try to take that into consideration as I continue conducting my own life in the very limited way you have allowed me to.”
Was Victor hammering in the fact that Sherlock was his and his alone on purpose just to cause John to react? Was he warning him off, telling him to keep his distance? Or was Victor simply bragging like an idiot about his ownership like a child with a new shiny bike in front of his fellow classmates. Without knowing the man better, it was difficult to tell.
************
“Just don’t forget that you’re not actually offering him any “entertainment” as you so eloquently put it.  He needs to think that you are, but there will of course be none of that on offer. Keep that in mind,” Mycroft said in a warning tone.
“Fine, I won’t press you for an explanation,” the voice on the other end concluded. “I merely called to make sure that you got home properly. And to express my concerns about dear Sherlock’s lack of spirit this evening. Is he coming down with something?”
Mycroft sighed.
Victor looked down at Sherlock who sat stiffly by his side and then he reached his hand out to squeeze the younger man’s shoulder comfortingly.
“I can’t tell you that I know anything with certainty. My intel tells me that the car didn’t belong to Magnussen. But that doesn’t exclude him from sending a car anyway, although it doesn’t exclusively indicate that Magnussen is involved in this.”
He had already caught a glimpse of repentance in Sherlock’s eyes back at the hospital, he knew Sherlock felt regret over many things even if he hadn’t said a word about it. And that was the core of the matter really. John knew a conversation was not the way to go about the issue. Not this time.
He has been forced to involve John of course, Sherlock is his flatmate and closest friend after all, anything else would have been strange. But John is beginning to feel certain that if Mycroft wasn’t forced to include him out of pure courtesy, he wouldn’t.
If Sherlock wasn’t the victim himself, he would probably be giddy with glee at the thought of trying to solve it.
. In my opinion he’s looking thinner than ever,” Mycroft interrupted sharply.
Sometimes this relationship business felt like trying to navigate through quagmire, every other step threatening to give way under his foot.
While locking eyes with Mycroft, Magnussen tilted his head in acknowledgement before stepping up.
With a brother like Mycroft who told him that getting involved with other people was bound to end in nothing but heartache and agony, it wasn’t surprising that the first person that had showed him any sort of affection was bound to make a huge impact on a person who was used to being rejected and had developed a way of keeping people at bay with his razor-sharp-tongue in an effort to protect himself from getting hurt.
“And if Victor had not showed up and Magnussen had simply continued to ravage Sherlock’s body in bed, did you plan for that eventuality as well?”
“Good guess,” John angrily hissed through gritted teeth when he finally recovered from the shock of hearing Sherlock being so flippant in a situation like this.
John rolled his eyes but refrained from saying anything more and Sherlock continued talking.
“Pushed to the limit, I have began feeling the inclination to strike back and I think I might have reached the end of my patience when you decided to drug me just so you could run away on your own and indulge in whatever delusional ideas you nursed about coping better on your own. Such disobedience deserves a well-due lesson in good behaviour I think.”
The driver turned his head to give him a blank stare and then rolled the window up without a word and drove off.
What was going to happen to him when he would no longer be in Mycroft’s care and under his watchful eyes? It was a thought he had decided to not dwell on too closely ever since the announcement of the wedding had been declared but tonight something in the way Sherlock looked at him made that thought rise to the surface.
Their eyes locked in silence again, Victor still looking confident and superior while John was beginning to wonder what this visit was actually all about.
“Nothing but humiliation and misery....” John muttered, managing to actually tap into the feelings he had initially felt when first falling out with Sherlock, leaving out the detail of genuine heartbreak, both for his own sake but also because he didn’t want Magnussen to get to the true core of his feelings for Sherlock.
Magnussen, a known bachelor, infamous for his predilection for young good-looking men, was to be lured into a honey trap that consisted of Sherlock’s magnetic charms, making it easier to gain access to Magnussen’s private rooms and thereby increasing the chance of finding and destroying the vault.
No, it was better to stick to the danger you knew instead of being thrown into something completely unknown.
Otherwise John would be a constant wreck of nerves considering how often they end up in dangerous scenarios.
He had seen many inconsequential characters try everything from ostentatiously large desks to stuffed animal heads on the wall behind them, as well as those who tried acting unscrupulous by appearing angry, loud or worse, insulting.
So he stoically stuck to his decision of keeping away from any further entanglement.
It actually took him a second to find his bearings again and realise that what he was looking at wasn’t real but very much a dead specimen.
Initially he had tried to ignore it, wishing that it would just go away and turn things back to normal again. He had been satisfied with the former arrangement of just being friends who shared a flat and solved crimes together. As he had never really expected to have a friend either, he had basked in the novelty of that experience and felt quite content with the situation as it was, never realising that there could be anything more.
“Why would he tell
With eager hands John spread Sherlock’s thighs apart and then lowered his head to swipe his tongue against the sensitive skin on the inside, ghosting his breath over the wet surface just to see goosebumps of pure pleasure break out, before he continued the journey with his tongue until he reached Sherlock’s testicles.
“That’s not what....” John began but quickly turned silent when the ominous sound of a click from the trigger was heard.
“And what does that mean? You’re not making any sense!”
This might very well lead to complete disaster, but it could also prove to be the best adventure to be had since returning from Afghanistan, and even if a sense of doom lurked at the back of his head, he knew that he was far too tempted to turn down any further activities in the bedroom now that he knew what having Sherlock undone between his legs actually felt like.
It was basically based on jealousy and worry that things would one day progress between the doctor and Sherlock.
Silently he disappeared into his bedroom, leaving the door invitingly ajar and John could hear the soft ruffle of fabric as Sherlock was getting undressed and most likely letting his garments fall to the floor.
“Or were you perhaps exceptionally naughty this time? I believe I heard something about a break-in at your brother’s facility, around the time you acquainted yourself with Dr Watson. A botched-up attempt, but knowing you, as well as what your brother’s facility harbours in form of chemical supplies and illicit substances, there is always the opportunity for a repeat performance, of course.”
John looked at him speechlessly for a second. Then he nodded his head in acknowledgement.
, John thought grimly,
In this case, it seems a little bit of both has occurred and the end result is a man so smitten with his victim that he has managed to arrange the most waterproof capture ever organized in the history of tricky abduction cases.
The agent seems utterly clueless to John’s angered state and answers truthfully.
Considering how very stubborn Dr Roylott appeared even before actual accusations had been made against him, who knew how stubborn and unhelpful he would be if thoroughly pressed?
It seemed a bit too easy all of a sudden.
Was he?
An errant curl down the detective’s forehead, the chewing of that plush lower lip, a lash fallen against those sharp cheek-bones. The mere memory creates a distracting tingling sensation in John’s abdomen and it certainly doesn’t improve by watching Sherlock in high-resolution on a big tv-screen.
“Sherlock! I won’t have you talking about my colleagues in such a fashion! A man committed suicide...”
This was straight forwards, and held all the pleasures of both doling out a well-deserved punishment to his very own insolent boy, as well as enjoying Sherlock's body once more, the way it was meant to be enjoyed, by him and only him and no other man, ever again.
He thought about ending up as another number in the statistics of missing people who never were seen or heard of again. And without being around himself, who would be able to solve it?
Just as he had managed to get the phone out of his pocket, the young man suddenly tensed his whole upper body, shooting it up like a bow, his hands clawing at the throat as if to indicate that he was about to suffocate and John hurriedly dialled the familiar number he hadn’t used for years but still felt was ingrained in his backbone.
, Mycroft thought grimly.
“And there wasn’t anything in his behaviour....”
“We were on the sofa, both of us, he was massaging my scalp...” he began, and Mycroft held back a sight of annoyance.
No use wasting energy he could hardly afford on something he could not interfere with. Now there was nothing left for him to do but wait.
Mycroft raised his own glass in his brother’s direction before taking a sip as well.
“But there was a sound? I don’t think those type of weapons usually…” John began but was interrupted by a hand impatiently waiving at his slow-wittedness.
Although he had never realised that Sherlock actually had figured it out, as he had been so careful to keep it all hidden away inside of him. He had scarcely allowed himself to contemplate that notion and now it was suddenly out there, in the form of a throw-away comment, as if Sherlock didn’t realise the magnitude of those words. To John they meant everything.
Brushing his misgivings away about the reason for Sherlock’s reluctance, Mycroft concentrated on the task at hand instead.
“Take no personal offence, Dr Watson, I’m merely explaining my point of view. If you have nothing to hide there is no reason to become upset. Simply take my words as spoken by a man watchful of his possession. I’m not suggesting anything as long as there is no need for me to do so.”
But where there had yesterday been a clear red swollen mark was now nothing beyond a long pale neck. Not so much as a birth mark in sight.
In fact, as Sherlock never spoke of the man at all, John had no idea what the nature of their relationship actually was and why Sherlock had opted to take a lover mere months before tying the knot.
“I’ve been told by several reliable sources that my people skills are quite appalling, so your observation is most likely accurate.”
He knew that it could be viewed as ironic to say such things when he had failed himself when it came to one particular person, but on the other hand family was family and maybe his tendency to worry and care for the well-being of his brother was proof enough of how even the coldest man could find himself vulnerable when allowwing sentiment to rule over reason.
John openly shook his head as if he couldn’t believe it.
“I don’t know what you mean, I’m just lying here.”
“I must say that it doesn’t sound like you at all, misplacing something so important. Even in that chaotic room of yours there is some degree of order to the mess.”
“Oh, my God…” he groaned and closed his eyes in exasperation. “Why on earth…”
He had never desired to cause him any pain and he knew how insecure the doctor still was when it came to their relationship, and how that insecurity easily manifested itself into jealousy, however unfounded.
After a second's pause where his eyes closely looked at John, clearly sensing that something was off but unable to narrow it down to a conclusion, Mycroft continued.
When the door opened there was an audible gasp heard. He could see Magnussen’s eyes widen behind those titanium-rimmed glasses and then a glimmer in them that told Sherlock that he had hit the right button.
“If he doesn’t leave, I’ll walk away!” Sherlock loudly exclaimed.
Even when I saw the damage my words were causing you, I just marched on because I thought it was for the best if you left. And logically it still is, you should have no further part in my problematic situation, you deserve something better. But selfish as I am, I also realised that I missed you tremendously despite my best efforts trying to bury those feelings.
“I have the honour of a second guest here this evening. No introductions necessary I presume. I believe you know each other quite vividly,” Magnussen’s voice was heard in the background as John stared with widened yes of horror at the sight in front of him.
Sherlock had no true knowledge of Magnussen beyond what Mycroft had told him, and he was not a stranger to acting a part if it suited his motives and yet he showed some reluctance going through with the arrangements of the evening, despite Mycroft’s reassurances that it was going to be an easy task. He secretly wondered if this was all because his brother’s new flatmate.
John just stared at him in disbelief.
The fact that he knew Sherlock was in the house was instinctual although he had no clear evidence to confirm it. It was the sense of a presence that made itself known despite Sherlock not having presented himself in his actual form yet.
The brothers locked eyes and a silent battle of wills began between them that John had no idea what to make off.
After a day spent playing the part of the worried brother, Mycroft was exhausted, not to mention annoyed, so if he came off a bit harsh now, he had reasons to feel that way. So even if it was a bit bothersome that Magnussen wanted to act this quickly and strangely enough without any proof of evidence from Watson, it was still satisfying to realise that this could soon be over if things went according to plan.
It was childish to hold grudges against anyone, it wouldn’t change anything, but he didn’t know what else to do with all that raging despair he had bottled up inside of him, so he just clenched his fists and walked on.
Well, Sherlock wasn’t here to see him do it, so resolutely Mycroft stepped over to his nightstand and pulled out the charger from the socket in the wall next to it.
Encouraged by this positive sign, John continued.
He can’t even imagine how to begin a conversation like that.
“Gosh, when’s that?”
There was that combination of old and new that he, despite his dislike of the country itself, actually appreciated. It reminded him of the endless possibilities he had in a city like London where things like class, reputation and a sullied name still had consequences for a person’s life.
“What is it that
Mycroft remembers wanting to breach the topic of the elusive criminal threat with Sherlock when he stumbled upon the man’s reputation, but he had decided against it back then, out of fear that Sherlock’s interest would be too piqued.
Often enough Mycroft allowed Sherlock to simply remain in his room to plotter with his things to his heart’s content but tonight he had topics he wanted to discuss so dinner was not optional.
And then he was gone.
“And what exactly
John threw him a dark look before continuing to pace the room.
If he had deigned to believe in a higher power or simply the fortunes of luck, he would have sent a prayer for the snake to just slither across him like any other hindrance in its path and then move on, but as he was a pragmatic man who didn't believe in luck or divinity, he simply closed his eyes and held his breath while the unpleasant sensation of snake scales made its way over his motionless body.
What if he had seen John escape? Or what if he had entered the dining room? What if he
He remembered Victor pointing his gun on him the other night and the unhinged look in the man’s eyes while doing so.
John became privy to some really weird anecdotes involving Sherlock and his shenanigans in connection to this place as well as the research facility, mainly concerning breaking into places where he had no reason to be.
Instead he chose to change the subject.
Then suddenly, John was back in front of him again.
“I thought so as well. Considering what sweet Sherlock has been getting up to with me lately. “
Big brother must secretly wonder why such an amount of time could pass without John noticing that Sherlock was gone. Tired or not, John always navigates directly to wherever Sherlock is located.
Maybe he will wake up to the news of some development if he’s lucky.
There was also the risk that he would go searching for John who was doing his outmost to look like one of the waiters and circulated the room with a tray of refreshments.  So far he and Sherlock had not acknowledged each other but Mycroft wasn’t naïve enough to believe that they were not fully aware of each other’s presence despite not exchanging glances.  He only hoped John wouldn’t be a hindrance tonight.
He went quiet and John waited, impatiently looking at him, wondering what kind of nonsense would be coming next.
He couldn't help but snarl at the situation.
He almost forgot was his own actual job was and what he was supposed to be doing, Dr Roylott so far from his mind that he actually jumped from surprise when a bloodcurdling scream came from inside the room and he whipped around to throw the door open to see what the hell was going on in there.
.....his eyes narrow when realisation hits him and out of their own accord his fists clenches. It’s instinct, he isn’t even aware he is doing it but his body reacts automatically when the sense of a threat begins to take shape as his mind pieces together what he has in front of him, combined with what he knows of the past 24 hours.
Something small and difficult to discover for a person unaware of its existence perhaps, despite using that facility on a daily basis.
“Really, Mycroft? Do you want me to
John narrowed his eyes for a second before he made a charging movement towards Sherlock who nimbly danced away.
health, are we?” he said as he lay with his head against John’s firm shoulder, trailing a finger along his naked torso one afternoon.
But the man in the armchair made no effort to rise.
Even if Sherlock was the most perceptive person he had ever met, feelings were not his strongest area of expertise, so John had never realised that he most likely had figured it out some time ago, possibly even before John knew it himself. Despite his efforts at keeping it a secret.
“It’s a reward he isn’t aware that he has accepted. He is one of those people with enough principles to never accept a compensation openly for something he didn’t see as anything beyond performing his duty. He thinks I offered him a deal when in reality I could have picked any doctor of my own choosing to look out for you. It was the only way to repay him somehow. He will get a promotion for his troubles if he sticks it out with you, so try keeping that in mind before you unleash your most hair-brained shenanigans upon him. He is after all the reason you’re still breathing right now.”
Sherlock.
“Oh, let me assure you, I’m not meek. When the people he has been playing like puppets on account of his blackmailing business find out that he has lost his upper hand, he won’t be able to remain in his position for very long. I’ll give it a week at the most. People with grudges tend to be thirsty for revenge and some of them has quite a lot of resources to pull off the most intricate ways of punishment. I don’t need to get my own hands dirty when I know that there is a long line of retaliators ready to get their claws out.”
His anger didn’t dissipate, his hurt didn’t lessen, all it did was to make him despair even more for not managing to feel any better. His anger still fumed inside of him, combined with the hurt that was clawing away at his insides in an endless tortuous circle.
It would certainly be effective if he wanted to spring it upon the man, take him by surprise and minimize the risk of resistance. By the looks of it, Dr Roylott seemed big and sturdy enough to be threatening in a physical fight, but few if any people stood up against a gun being pointed at them.
By now, John is as close to breaking down as he has ever been, reality hitting him hard with every dead-end they reach.
“Are you going to release me or are you actually planning to break my arm?” he whined and John couldn’t help but feel a touch of satisfaction, having Sherlock down on his knees, forced to submit to his mercy.
John felt pretty sure that if he had to endure another minute of Victor sticking it to him with his blatant display of affection John would knock him a cold one straight in the eye soon enough and where would that land him? Most likely out of a job as well as out of a home. And as Sherlock had pointed out, with no chance of ever seeing him again.
For a while it feels like time stands still, like the reason for why he is doing this is no longer relevant and he just watches what happens on the screen as their time from the last couple of weeks is put on repeat in front of him.
Whoever this man is, he has done a phenomenal job of pulling this abduction off, especially when you consider that the victim is Sherlock
John felt a bit reluctant for this to be over already but as he had nothing more to examine right now he might as well say good bye and take a look the medical journal Mycroft had promised to hand him once this initial meeting was over. Maybe a few of his question would have some answers after reading it.
Soundlessly the dressing gown fell to the floor as Sherlock rose and presented his back, as well as his delectable backside and John cursed internally.
“You made such a show and dance of proving to me, as well as to your brother, how you were the one in charge, the one who held the reins during this case. And yet, where did that stupid belief land you? Almost dead at the hands of a madman and with the risk of no one ever finding out.”
As expected there was no reply to his dinner invitation and he waded through the debris cluttering the floor to make his way over to the desk were the homemade chemistry set as well as the microscope was taking up space.
It was eating away at his conscience badly enough as it was, without someone else pointing it out as well, because he was tired of being treated as if
This was indeed an interesting development. The question was if there was something to be gained from it or not.
“You can’t seriously tell me that you have already admitted defeat at this early stage, Mycroft. But if you are not willing to assist in the rescue of your own brother, I will have to do it on my own.”
He didn’t doubt they were true though.
After a sleepless night twisting and turning next to John without finding any piece of mind and the hours had begun to tick away, he could only see one solution to the much-needed leeway he required to be able to sneak out to the car that was picking him up at six.
“A member of the Holmes household staff gave it to me, they had found it forgotten in a corner while preparing the dining room for lunch. Strange how it ended up in there of all places.”
“This is what I will do to you if you don’t immediately cease from pursuing the matter any further. Do whatever it is you need to do with Magnussen and be scorched by that fire eventually. But don’t so much as throw a glance in my direction from now on or I will
Suddenly Dr Roylott looked equal parts anguished as well as panic stricken, and Magnussen narrowed his eyes.
As he walked up the stairs, weighing the lightness of the carton in his hand, he wondered what sort of message Magnussen had actually sent him.
He reached out and tore at the button as well as the zipper while yanking his own sweater over his head to get rid of it. He needed his own skin to make contact with what he had in front of him but things were going too slow, he needed to feel that body pressed against his own and he needed it now.
He and Sherlock had been sleeping with each other since March that year so it wasn’t a spur of the moment kind of thing. He had known what he was doing and Sherlock had been nothing but obliging.
In front of him Dr Roylott’s nostrils flared in mounting rage, his eyes threatening to bulge out of his head at any second, the tone of his face growing darker.
But recognising the moment for having been missed, all he could do was watch Sherlock quietly slip out through the door and disappear.
His jaws immediately clenched, and the unfurling of discomfort made itself known straight away, like a cold snake slithering inside his abdomen, the need to gag overwhelming him for a second.
“What if I was to tell you that there might still actually be a chance for us to gain our freedom back and get out of this game unharmed?”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes.
“If you drag me down, you’ll end up dragging Sherlock down as well. Is that really what you want?” he coldly pointed out, although he realised that he needed to try pacifying Victor to some extent or the man might actually accomplish what he threatened to do, out of pure spite. “If you just calm down, I’m sure you will be able to see that we share the same predicament. I’m not allowed to be by his side right now and neither are you, however much you may want to. The doctors will keep us updated when they know more and, in the meantime, we have no other option but to wait.”
Without offering any further explanation, Mr Rudd asked him to follow him to his office.
He passes two closed doors that he doesn’t attempt to open, but as he passes the room he slept in and reaches the end of the hall, there is a door in front of him as well, and this time he reaches out a hand to turn the handle.
Recognising the level of alcohol in his system as well as the lack of a letter knife, he tore into the envelope quite forcefully to retrieve the letter inside and then raised it to his eyes to read what the short and succinct message was trying to tell him.
“It’s not that...”
Instead he said, as steadily as he could:
There was a glint of irritation in Mycroft’s eyes and Sherlock knew he had hit a sore spot.
“Most phones are waterproof for duration between 5 to 30 minutes, so an hour should render this model completely useless. Then we won’t be bothered by it anymore. I’ll order a new one this afternoon and set up a new number.”
“Don’t be dense, I don’t feel guilty about anything, least of all things to do with sex. My engagement is my own private business, nothing to do with you.”
“Do you think it wise to test the patience of a man who holds a riding crop in his hand and isn’t afraid to use it quite thoroughly on someone in need of a good trashing?”
When delivering these last words his voice actually hitches a little bit and even if such a reaction would be completely normal in a sibling who has just been reached with the news that his younger brother has been abducted, by a secret service agent no less, it still strikes John how odd it is to see Mycroft like this. Quite frankly he didn’t think the man had it in him to show emotions of any kind, happy nor sad.
“Well, I want a day to think about it.”
“Good boy,” John said smoothly and raised the riding crop so it came under the other man’s chin, tilting his face up from its subordinate position so their eyes could meet. “You seem to be a repentant student at last. But let’s see if there still isn’t a thing or two that needs to be addressed before we can put this whole sordid business behind us.”
Then his mouth turned into a sneer as he said:
“For the last time, you need to behave and act like you are nothing but my doctor. If you don’t, you’ll risk losing both your job and the chance of ever seeing me again.”
“Oh, you would be surprised....” Sherlock mumbled but did not elaborate any further.
“No misfortune has ever been solved by gathering a group of people stuffing themselves to their heart’s content while playing dress up and opening their wallets to pay the sum that comes closest to ridding them of any self-guilt earned from belonging to the wealthy and privileged.”
And with that he turned his back and hurried after the others while John returned to his own group, drank the water he had intended to have and then returned to finish off what he had started before it was time to quit work for the day.
“Well, I’m not sorry about it,” John replied in a curt tone. “We didn’t part on particularly happy terms.”
As the other man’s shirtsleeves were rolled up John had noticed that the arms had some faded scars that looked like track marks but none of them seemed fresh, so he felt reluctant to claim that the reason for the situation was drug related. Besides, there was no needle or any other paraphernalia lying about that could be related to a drug overdose, even if it could not be completely ruled out of course.
The smile on his captor’s lips grew into a full-blown grin. He looked feral now.
But as if expecting this move, Magnussen withdrew them again hastily, making Mycroft grasp for the empty surface of the table instead.
This time he didn’t regain it again.
“I did suspect that you were going to confront him, yes. But this whole trip was Mycroft’s idea from the very beginning, I just came along for the entertainment which he so luckily provided me with. I never dreamt...I never...”
“If you can’t stomach it you need to leave.”
Mycroft remained persistent.
If he reacted to Mycroft’s familiar surname, Dr Roylott made a good job of not letting it show. But neither did he extend any greeting hands. Instead he continued to address Magnussen.
Cruel to the bone considering how upset the woman still seemed to be about it and knowing from personal experience what it was like to stare into those magnetic eyes Sherlock had, falling hard for what he was offering, blind to his lies, John felt a sudden surge of anger on her behalf even if the reason behind the deceit had been a valid effort at breaking free from Magnussen’s shackles.
“A poor one assumingly, but that doesn’t really answer my question of how you knew something had happened to him.”
There had in fact never even been a question of making a choice, it was always going to end like this and John had been too naïve to have fully grasped that fact despite Sherlock telling him this at the beginning of their sexual relationship.
“Do you think I would allow just anyone, doctor or not, to tend to my fiancé without digging up everything that I could possibly find about that person? There are plenty of strange data when it comes to you, Dr Watson, but luckily I know how to procure whatever information I need.”
John even suspected that it was Mycroft or possibly his assistant who arranged for new clothes and booked appointments to the dentist or the barber, as Sherlock would never bother with menial tasks like that.
“That was hardly my decision alone, I just went along for the adventure.”
“No, it doesn’t,” the other one agreed but did not elaborate any further.
He picked it up and felt his blood run cold at the sight.
This was their usual light banter that normally followed after sex, a way to return back to reality without making things tense and strange between them. Not a word was spoken about the fact than John, if he ever did manage to earn enough money to buy Sherlock a new fancy shirt, would no longer be able to give it to him. Soon enough this was going to be over and done with and someone else would take Sherlock to bed and provide him with expensive clothes.
“Backup is on its way. Just stay put and they’ll come and pick you up. I strongly advise you not to leave the house even if you consider the situation with Dr Roylott secure enough to leave him.”
“And what is that?”
“I think I need to arrange for someone to deal with the sheets before Mycroft returns. And you might want to get dressed and head back to your other job. A health exam doesn’t take too long, so it might seem suspicious if you stay any longer.”
And when he realised what it was, he simply froze to the spot.
“No, why on earth would that be a problem for anyone besides Mr Trevor?” Mycroft had a tone of annoyance in his voice now. “It doesn’t really matter why the arrangement was ended, Dr Watson is hardly the first one to leave and he isn’t the only available doctor out there. I have plenty of other candidates.”
I needed for you and me to be seen as sudden enemies and when you reacted they way you did to my drug abuse I just ran with it and allowed you to believe that I was this cold-hearted drug addict who had used you to keep my vice a secret. But I actually never used anything.
Mycroft is doing his very best trying to find Sherlock’s abductor, putting as much of his resources that he can afford into the task. It’s not
If by steady companionship he meant bottles of Smirnoff vodka and Jim Bean Whiskey, he wasn’t technically telling a lie.
“So there you have it – a story that began with a night of thoughtless mischief performed by a teenager high on cocaine that then ended with Mycroft and me trapped in this intricate scheme that we have no way of freeing ourselves from.
------------------------------------------------------
Even if something at the back of his head screamed that it was impossible, that Sherlock never would do something as stupid as that, the pupils as well as the other symptoms told a different story.
John did for some reason nurture the idea that he and Mycroft had been shipped off to boarding school at an early age and never left until the school system that spitted them out into the world in the form now they now occupied, but that was far from the truth.
Because if Mycroft was the person Sherlock had to rely on regarding advice on life, no wonder his views on how to behave when it became to human relationships was so skewed.
“Then who is it?” John asked a second before the answer hit him of its own accord.
John refused to acknowledge that question, so he stubbornly didn’t respond. Instead he chose to put an end to the conversation before it ran the risk of turning ugly. Mycroft was clearly not interested in hearing him out regarding Victor and John was not willing to explain his relationship status with Sherlock any further, so they had reached an impasse.
One of the things he loved most about Sherlock was that life with him was never boring and predictable.
John draws a breath as another piece of the puzzle is sliding into place. He can’t be certain of course, it’s just a hunch and a pretty far-fetched one he doesn’t know if he is willing to pursue to the end if it threatens to reveal something so twisted that he can’t even begin to imagine it.
John lowered his head to suck on one of the hardened nipples, swirling his tongue over it while he heard Sherlock moan in pleasure, his arms stretched out over his head so his ribcage became prominent and John allowed his hands to run up and down over his torso while he bit softly into the taught flesh of Sherlock’s concave stomach, so much flatter and smoother than his own. So utterly perfect, so gorgeous that he could scarcely believe he was the one allowed to enjoy claiming that body.
An imaginary-John was far better than suffering through this ordeal alone and he tried to form his lips into a whisper of the other man’s name but was unable to succeed.
Not very unlike Sherlock actually. No wonder Magnussen had felt an immediate connection to him. Too bad he also seemed intent on fucking him as well.
“I’m not completely sure I know what you are referring to, but it is understandably a tricky situation to be talking about your former patient, especially as you are still working for the same employer who also happens to be his older brother. That cannot be easy for you, Dr Watson.”
Mycroft sighed and decided that if he really wanted some further knowledge, the man with any possible answers to his questions was none other than Charles Magnussen himself and if Sherlock was with him, then Mycroft would soon find out.
As he was lying as still as possible, even trying to breathe without moving a muscle, he saw how the snake made its way towards him and as it had landed so close to him, it didn’t take more than a few seconds before he felt the warm, somewhat dry texture of scales against his skin.
Mycroft’s lips twisted in cold disdain.
“Erm....well,” John began as he couldn’t help but stare at the unblemished smooth skin that stretched over a firm chest and an enviously flat stomach.
There were no left messages on his phone and feeling a little disappointed by this, he put it back in his pocket before he stiffly rose from where he was sitting, trying to stretch out his limbs to prevent any forthcoming soreness. Then he decided to give up his fruitless effort of staying up and wait for Sherlock to return and went over to turn the light off before heading for his own bedroom, despite a nagging thought at the back of his mind that he perhaps should begin to worry about where Sherlock actually was. The banquet had been over and done with ages ago and surely it wouldn’t take him this much time to deal with Magnussen?
So instead, as Tuesday came, he went for his usual morning swim after a sleepless night of twisting and turning, in an effort to clear his head before heading to work with the others at eight. But at around nine he was approached by one of his colleagues with the message that a car was waiting for him outside.
It was a relief to see Sherlock looking like his normal self again. There wasn’t any signs of the ordeal he had been through, he was perched in one of the large windows overlooking the front of the house, dressed in one of his silky dressing gowns, this time a scarlet one, complementing his pale alabaster skin perfectly.
John snorted at the blatant brazenness of such a statement.
This, along with the ridiculously elusive Jeremy Marcus, a person no one so far seems to have ever met in person, the hidden surveillance of their flat, the edited segment in the surveillance film and Mycroft’s odd behaviour, both on the morning of him coming to Baker Street looking for Sherlock, the visit to the bathroom, and then his increasing reluctance to involve John any more than strictly necessary in the hunt for Sherlock’s abductor, combined with the unusual attitude that finding Sherlock is a lost cause already, is causing the alarm bells in John to ring even louder now. Mycroft has never  before come off as a person easily accepting defeat, especially not when it comes to somethig as important as his brother and his safety.
“Like I said, he won’t know. There will be no trace of you ever having been here after tonight. So, while I’m sure he is going to look for you, thinking more with his cock than with common sense, he will search in vain and eventually he’ll move on. You’re the flavour of the month now, but those things, they always wane after a while.”
Sherlock had experienced difficulty sitting down for a whole week afterwards, large angry welts covering his buttocks as well as the lower part of his back.
These things were difficult to navigate at the best of times. The things Sherlock was not allowed to do when it came to cases was an even trickier path to go down.
“It can hardly have been a pleasant experience, though?” Mycroft insisted. “The eye-drops to make your pupils shrink, the pill that caused your heart rate to slow down, not to mention being injected with Narcan afterwards, throwing up all over the place, including my favourite pair of slippers. That’s a lot of theatrics even for someone like you.”
Even if they were alone he knew that staff members moved about the house, silently performing their duties like shadows in the background and getting caught like this, spent and naked on the dining room floor, would be preferable if it could be avoided.
“Give me two hours. I can go back, collect my items, give this some final thought and then I’ll let you know of my decision.”
“So I’ve been told. And yet it’s nothing compared to the agonies you’ll be in, an hour from now, when the venom will begin to paralyse your system from the inside. Of course, your speech will be one of the first things to go, so not much screaming by then.”
Because this was so typically Sherlock, even if Mycroft did realise that the sting of a wasp hardly was his brother’s fault. None of them had even been aware that he was allergic until now, so that was another factor to put on the list of things that were dangerous and lethal for his brother to be exposed to.
Then, as if having conveyed his message with a satisfying result, Victor suddenly tore his eyes away from John, pulled Sherlock up to his feet and pressed a firm, wet kiss on his mouth, a kiss not exactly reciprocated but not rebuked either
John met his eyes and he could tell that Victor probably had expected him to straighten himself up a bit at this piece of information, become more accommodating, but John remained stoic, so after a moment of silence Victor continued.
“Do you know what I do for a living, Dr Watson?”
“You brother of course.”
Hopefully Sherlock had managed to calm his nerves sufficiently to perform as expected, but considering what came out of his impertinent mouth next, proved it was doubtful.
“Yes, you try that, Pemberton. But look without touching I’d say; not sure Holmes would appreciate your dirty hands on his pretty little brother.”
This time, the situation was different though and he became aware of this even before reaching the bed, noticing the faint smell of disinfectant trying to hide the underlying odour of actual vomit as he entered, his nose twitching in displeasure.
“What do you mean you can’t say? You work for
***********
“If you start from the beginning, what is it that you know for a fact?”
This man seemed to be a bit too eccentric for his taste and he wondered how such a person would get along with someone like Mycroft Holmes with his penchant for flying under the radar and not bring attention to himself unless he had to. On the other hand, two cold fishes sharing a pond might actually find something they had in common, however unlikely it might first appear.
And it didn’t matter. ‘
He had always survived and that had been his strength when struggling through it, the determination that he was going to make it.
When presented with that observation during dinner one evening at The Diogenes, Mycroft had not reacted with the usual exasperation over his little brother breaching his privacy by breaking into his hidden safe, but instead a small smile had briefly, next to non-existent, flashed across his features before he had given Sherlock one of those infuriating know-it-all looks over the rim of his wine glass.
They passed a room where the slightly opened door revealed a woman bent over a carpet, scrubbing away at the fringes with at small toothbrush. Her face was hidden behind a set of red hair hanging down in a tangly mess and what sounded like sobs came from her direction.
“What else could it be? You mentioned yourself that it was something related to your former profession and it’s obviously something you cherish enough not to want to dispose of, despite the unfortunate ending to your career as an army doctor. You don’t strike me as a particularly sentimental person but this has some value to you, so my guess is that it’s a medical bag either gifted to you from a family member or relative or even possibly a heirloom you don't want to get rid off even if its presence pained you enough to decide to put it away in a self- storage.“
The wielding of a gun could very easily just turn into a deadlock and since he didn’t yet know if time was of essence here, if perhaps Sherlock was held somewhere that was making it important to finding him before something truly terrible happened, John wasn’t sure he could risk a deadlock right now.
Straightening his back as he walked, he made the wow to stay the hell away from Sherlock Holmes from now on and not look back on that decision with any regrets. This had all been for the best anyway and in the sobering light of the morning he realised that he had been deluding himself for far too long.
He didn’t hear the footsteps come up from behind, too lost in thought and when a voice spoke, his eyes blinked as if coming back to reality after a long time occupied inside head.
He wasn’t sure if bringing a weapon was a particularly good idea, especially considering that John was going to spend some time in the company of Magnussen, who was carrying an envelope of suggestive pictures of Sherlock inside his pocket, ready to be whipped out at any inopportune moment. There could be blood shed before they had even left the city.
A predatory gleam in the other man’s eyes told Mycroft how much Magnussen  enjoyed provoking him by pushing all the buttons he could, just to get a reaction from him, and Mycroft had to make every effort available to not let his true emotions show.
“....no. Quite the opposite. We didn’t really talk about anything in particular. We....well I won’t go into to details, but we had a very pleasant afternoon. For the most part. There was a short moment when he seemed a little on edge, started to pick on things, almost spoiling for a fight, but it dissipated pretty soon. Then I made us some tea and we ended up here. And then....”
Realising that this did not bother him one bit, despite the Hippocratic oath he had once upon a time sworn when becoming a doctor, John turned his back on the horrifying scene in the room and stepped out, quietly closing the door behind him.
Looking at Sherlock now was almost too much, it made him want to reach out, to touch all those beloved details that had been accessible mere days ago, slam him to the ground, simultaneously wishing to hurt him to the core while also fucking him until he screamed, and John stepped back as if struck by lightning, because no, it could never be that way between them again.
And if that liaison had suddenly come to an end?
He knew he had to nip it in the bud or risk being exposed to even more horrible feeds.
The girl almost tripped over her shoes hurrying out of the room and he felt something twitch in his face at the sigh to of it. These insignificant little people with their funny ways of conducting themselves, like helpless worms ready to be devoured by a hungry crow, he though before he finally decided to pick up his phone and answer it.
If anything Sherlock seemed numb and unable to act and those dark smouldering eyes in his angular face burned like furnaces while his cheeks glowed even more than earlier and John was forcefully reminded once more of why he actually hated Victor Trevor with all his heart.
was more correct, presented in the past tens, as Sherlock no longer was interested in pursuing the case, probably deciding to focus on the mystery guest completely instead. Or even forgoing the whole matter entirely if DI Lestrade called with a more tempting offer.
“But...”
“It was nothing. I’ve heard a little bit about this man and I just wanted to ease my curiosity by seeing what he looked like.”
“You’re normally the very epitome of patience, why can’t that be the case now? I can practically hear your thoughts going around in an insipid circle clouded with, what my brother with utter disdain would call
It’s the fact that something between Mycroft’s touch of the wrist and his more wholesome, but still surprisingly intimate contact with the lower part of Sherlock arm, has been deleted that sets John senses on alert.
bedroom. But don’t worry about it, I’ll tell the maid to change the sheets.”
“Tranquilising darts??!”
The doctor had been sniffing too eagerly around his little brother less than a month in to their shared cohabitation and even if Sherlock was an adult and perfectly capable of either rebuffing or encouraging said interest, it made a sting of insistent bile make itself known inside of Mycroft whenever he was forced to witness it.
try to manipulate you into failing to perform your duties properly, I
“Have
There were other things they could do to occupy themselves as well, and as he looked over at Sherlock, lounging in the chair opposite him, he could feel how much he had missed the man these past couple of days. Just like this, for his use only, with nothing to disturb them.
Of course there was still the expected little white lie between them at times, he succumbed to that habit himself when the situation demanded it or he simply couldn’t stand the other alternative, but engaging in sexual activities with another man did hardly fall into that category. Therefor it was a relief to be told that there was a logical reason behind everything Mycroft had tried convincing him was immoral behaviour from Sherlock.
Sherlock took a final drag of his cigarette and then went over to window where he stumped it out against the white pane. Other marks of the same discoloration told John that he must have done this in here on several occasions before, probably to his brother’s utter chagrin.
“Not in the least. Cheetahs are not meant to be pets. I like them for their ferocity. They spot a prey and they go for it, simple as that. No hesitation. “
Sure, the situation was really bad and some shame was actually eating away at him right now, but at the same time this had been the most marvellous thing to have happened to him in a long time and the very reason for this situation was still managing to send a spark of excitement just by standing there, wrapped in his green dressing gown by the window, restless energy clearly exuding from every pore as if he had not just been involved in the most heated acts of carnal pleasure John had ever participated in.
Sherlock had looked particularly dashing in his nicely fitted suit, with his curls tamed and acting particularly charming. It had all been part of the plan of course, his mission had after all been to entice Magnussen enough to weaken his guard.
Annoyed now, he stepped away from Sherlock, who stood there with his trousers around his ankles, looking slightly confused.
Mycroft put his cup back on the saucer without looking at him this time.
This was the first time John had heard any of them mention the Holmes brothers, but he realised that they probably knew a lot more than they had let on during his time working here.
“That’s what the doctor is to make sure doesn’t happen.”
“Mm, it is awfully boring. It’s my brother’s taste, he likes it when things are
“Maybe
There was a miniscule pause before Mycroft continued, his voice more or less back to normal again. If John hadn't seen the utter shock and despair on his features earlier, he could have sworn Mycroft wasn't affected by any of this. But that little pause told him how shaken he still was.
“Well, I had hoped then.”
“....What?”
“Well, well. I must say you really know how to wet a man’s appetite, Sherlock. This looks very intriguing indeed,” Magnussen smoothly said.
“Mr Holmes. It’s not often one sees you at these sorts of events. What’s the occasion?”
And with those parting words, he walked out of the room, leaving Mycroft feeling like a part of his dignity had just followed Sherlock out through the door.
Had he been the one to describe himself he would have added blue-green eyes that shifted in light on account of sectoral heterochromia, a dark navy -coloured Hart’s and Spencer suit from last year’s spring collection, a BMI of 17,5 which put him in the underweight side of the scale (while Mycroft with his 27 was instead stubbornly planted in the slightly overweight section, as Sherlock had recently discovered when coming across his brother’s medical records while using John’s doctor’s ID for a case, another one of those things he was not allowed to do because of a case according to John ). The hair wasn’t just dark, it was black with a tone of burnt auburn that was made visible when standing in direct sunlight (admittedly he wasn’t doing that right now, but still, she should have added a little more detail to his hair than simply calling it dark!) and his shoes were Yves Saint Laurent size 12. Cheek bones, plush lips, that his eyes were a little too wide apart than average and his nose was small and slightly retroussé, unlike Mycroft who had a formidable large beak-like nose, much to his own secret chagrin. All of this could all have added more specific detail to an otherwise lousy description. On the other hand, he knew that what she said would be enough for Magnussen to figure out who it was that had invaded his home.
The idea that Magnussen might try to take advantage of Sherlock sexually once again rose to the surface, but he waived it away. If such an occurrence was to arise, Sherlock would figure out a way to avoid it from happening, John should not feel the need to worry about it. Sherlock was hardly a fragile violet, he was fully able to fend for himself when necessary. He at least felt confident in the knowledge that Sherlock would never allow anything to happen that went beyond what John would accept.
Sherlock met his brother’s eyes with a defiant look.
Come to think of it, he had never seen a woman on the premises until now and wondered what she could possibly be doing here when she, to his great surprise, stopped in front of him and gave him a brief one-over.
But ever since bringing Sherlock in on the Magnussen case, things had been slipping away from his grip. Step by step he had lost whatever command he had initially had over the situation and now he was practically fumbling in the dark.
Never before had this impact hit John as hard as it did right this moment when he stood there eavesdropping on the couple downstairs, hearing the distinct sound of a wet kiss being given and the soft murmuring of Sherlock’s voice as he spoke.
John could feel himself rile against the presumption that he couldn’t care for himself and his own means of transportation, but on the other hand he had no car of his own and he had no idea where the dinner party was being held, so he swallowed his pride and simply nodded.
The question was aimed at John as it seemed that the two men in front of him were joined in some sort of conspiracy against him and the explanation for such an occurrence would likely be John as Mycroft never reached out to the doctor when he could very well do things on his own.
“It is indeed a nice garden. But yes, I’m afraid my attention was....a bit distracted.”
“But what?” John interrupted Mycroft’s thoughts, a frown on his already worried features.
The sound of a phone ringing broke the silence in his office and as he saw who the caller was, he supressed a sigh before answering.
Then he charged against Sherlock with all his might, murderous violence evident in his features.
“Nothing important,” John murmured, slightly disappointed that he had failed to get a closer look, but realising that he would probably meet with the man soon enough anyway, or at least see a photo of him while visiting Sherlock.
A hand lingered against a pale throat, caressing it with its fingertips. From the outside it might have looked affectionate, but the recipient of the touch had to force himself not to shudder.
Magnussen, for the first time, lost his self-confidence a little, blinking in confusion.
“It is your own funeral you’re staring at if you don’t follow my order. I wasn’t asking you, Mr Holmes. I was
But for now, if Mycroft wished for Sherlock to have any success in his venture, he needed to leave him alone with Magnussen. So without further ado Mycroft pretended to catch sight of someone he urgently needed to speak to and excused himself. Smoothly he disappeared into the crowd of guests without turning around to see if he would be missed or if Magnussen only had eyes for treat in front of him.
He knew that, despite his own harsh words, mere minutes earlier, he would never leave Sherlock again.
“Your roses were much appreciated though.”
put my hand inside that jar just to prove that you’re right?”
Smack!
....?
Mycroft decided to merely acknowledge this with a nod. Far better if the man remained where he was. Who knew in what mood John was by now? The sight of Magnussen was hardly going to improve it.
He was perfectly capable of acting in the interest of the general public and his country but he had no further interest in participating in their lives beyond that.
Whatever John Watson was going to tell him tonight, at least it was bound to be exciting.
Then another thought hit him.
He had disposed of the picture of himself, as well as the note and the envelope, but other than that, he couldn’t prepare any further, except steeling himself for whatever was going to happen.
“Mycroft, if you want me to do this you better call off your lap dog, I’m not doing anything with him present!”
But he still had so many questions that he really wanted to discuss, and one of them was burning more intensely than all the others, so he gave it a final try.
“If I am to do what you ask of me, how will our situation actually be? Are you going to break your engagement to Victor? Are you going to fully commit to me? Are you going to stop taking drugs?”
“And why would anyone be interested in breaking into your room to look through your things?” John couldn’t help but ask.
There was a hitch to her voice now and John felt alarm rising inside of him that she was suddenly going to burst into tears.
John could feel his own cock press painfully against his trousers as he noticed the bulge through Sherlock’s tight dress pants that accentuated his slender hips and fit his thin waist like a pair of gloves, no belt needed.
Then he pushed the send button with a content smile before he put the phone back on the table and turned towards the open door that was silently calling for his attention.
But the idea of returning to Baker Street doesn’t sit well with him, it’s too far removed from everything that is happening here, returning to Baker Street would be like admitting defeat.
doing here? Where’s Sherlock?”
Mycroft had never figured out if Sherlock was aware of it, but certain instances in the past suggested it.
Still spent from the sex, their talk as well as their newly issued agreement, John nodded and began to gather up his clothes from the floor.
“No, from looking at your reports I’m obliged to concur, there is not much to tell when reading them.”
“That could be interesting.....”
In this photo he looks like he doesn’t think at all, merely exists.
“You really think you control me, do you?”
So he had two options here – put on blindfolds and perform his duties without asking any further questions, hopefully enjoy the company of his patient and then reap the reward of a promotion afterwards.
But somehow he must have been informed anyway because the card attached to the bouquet had his distinctive expressions written upon it, the words
Unfortunately he couldn’t blame it all on Sherlock’s harsh tongue, there had been some truths to what his former lover had said, John had indeed been too lonely, longing too much for companionship and he had fallen head over heals for this gorgeous bloke who was willing to offer him both his body as well as his companionship, even if it had only been to a limited extent.
With those final words John found himself dismissed and out of the room while the door was closed behind his back, leaving Sherlock at the mercy of the other man and whatever disgusting plans Magnussen had in mind for him.
------------------------------------------------------
He knew Sherlock was not asleep, he hardly ever was at this hour and Mycroft wanted him to be aware that repercussions were coming very shortly.
The fingers trailed up and down the arm, then continuing down across the chest and then up again to his shoulders.
Another pause and Magnussen closed his eyes where he was seated, waiting for the useless prattle to stop and the point of this phone call to be revealed.
“Well, no....” Sherlock began but was immediately cut off.
And in fact, as he seemed determined to constantly lash out towards John in some sort of misplaced act of jealousy, John realised that Victor might actually pose a threat to their plan if he decided to confront John again, bringing the gun with him and this time actually pull the trigger.
She had also said that it was his employer that wanted to see him and he furrowed his brow as he contemplated that statement.
As always, Sherlock could be relied on to be an utter pain in the arse.
John nodded, his eyes for a second turning away to look out the window instead. Behind the tainted windows the world outside looked dark and grey, not a sign of life anywhere. It felt like he was trapped with a snake charmer inside a small cubicle and if he looked into the other man’s eyes, he would somehow become spellbound into doing something he didn’t want to do.
A short epilogue will follow that will offer a darker twist to the story, so those who like to leave our couple where they are right now, on a lighter note, should stop reading after this chapter and consider this the end.
. Did I hit a nerve?”
Because however casually he had said it, Sherlock had accurately pointed out that John loved him.
But before John had the opportunity to voice his questions Mycroft raised a hand to prevent him from saying anything else until he had finished his own explanation.
showing anyone any kind of affection? But other than that, no.
Because behind all that carefully arranged exterior was someone truly lost when it came to dealing with other people and a sudden wave of empathy suddenly surged through John as he looked at the dashing figure perched on top of the crate, legs crossed and the cigarette dangling from his fingers, the very image of self-confidence personified, but John knew better now.
If John didn’t hate him with every fibre of his body, he would perhaps be able to empathize with the man’s plight, at least a little bit.
“Mm, I can see that.....you know where everything is, do you?”
Meanwhile the woman, who during the ride had been mostly glued to her phone and spurned any efforts John had tried at starting up a conversation, now opened up the front door and disappeared inside, forcing him to get out of the car and hurry after her if he didn’t want to be left behind.
He was perfectly aware that he had no way of threatening Victor with anything, the gun was after all illegal and he had been the one to keep it when he should have returned it after his homecoming, but he prayed that the firmness in his tone, the one had often used back in the army, would be able to have some impact anyway. It was difficult to tell as Victor’s features were mostly shrouded in shadows but at least the hand holding the gun had now been lowered slightly.
“Inappropriate in what way?”
“No, what I’m saying is that Magnussen is toothless as long as people don’t provide him with fodder in the first place. This new player causes havoc regardless of other people and their insignificant secrets. He’s quite fascinating. And far more dangerous.”
“Did he also take them?”
During his talk with Magnussen at the restaurant earlier, he had tried to pry into a more detailed description about the man they were about to meet, but Magnussen had been very secretive and not very helpful in that regard.
“What’s happened?” he said as they hurried out of the barrack to the car waiting for them outside, his medical bag in hand and as he climbed into the car she told him what she knew.
But just as he was about to consider that nothing more was going to happen at the moment, his eyes, having adjusted themselves to the darkness, noticed movement straight above his head.
For some reason his senses are all on high alert and for a second he thinks he hears Mycroft move about downstairs. But then the door to the bathroom has not yet been opened up, the lock on the bathroom door has been giving away a squeaky noise as of late, probably in dire need of some  greasing up, so he would have heard Mycroft unlock the door.
At the same second as someone picked up on the other end, his eyes suddenly zoomed in something that caught his attention – a small but swollen and very red mark on the side of the neck, visible to him now on account of the desperate clawing against it.
It was even difficult to say what sort of room this actually was, there was no bed in there so it was not his bedroom but it did not look like a living room either as the only place where to sit was a chair in front of a microscope next to the chemistry set.
“This is what I can promise you. Don’t force me to make pledges that I won’t be able keep. Whatever you might think of my brother, there are still things that I have no control over, and he will do as he sees fit.
“How is this even possible...? How can someone like you have access to ...?”
“No, considering your choice of house pet, I think I’m willing to concur. But I don’t fear anything either, Dr Roylott.”
Suddenly he noticed how Sherlock tensed over by the window, his eyes narrowing as he observed something outside.
As he entered, Mr Rudd gave a quick nod and then made his excuses, leaving John alone with the other man, both of them looking at each other, John with a questioning glare, the other one assessing him in return.
Increasingly disappointing, Sherlock hadn’t been able to give a satisfying answer to that question either.
He, who had always followed Sherlock loyally wherever he had led them, always full of questions and hissed-out protestations, but never in doubt of Sherlock’s brilliance and ability to solve every dangerous situation they ended up in.
The door was probably closed when Sherlock left to collect the mud, but John cannot remember with certainty. Maybe someone has been here in John’s absence but it’s looking more likely that Sherlock never returned.
John on the other hand was a bigger issue.
The icy wind pinched his cheeks as he stared out across the water, the grey sky and the drizzle of rain painting a bleak picture in front of him as his arms out of habit crossed his chest to keep warm.
“So, for the moment things were back to their usual state again and we thought that we had gotten away with it. This mishap actually had the benefit of scaring me straight for a little while, making me promise  to behave from now on, and as we tried to put the whole incident behind us, I began focusing om my studies again.
The moon was gone behind the clouds and it was difficult to make out Sherlock’s facial features properly, he looked more like a shadow with his dark clothes on, the hair blowing in the cold wind coming from behind their backs.
In his mind he would always be the incorrigible little brother with the wild hair and equally wild temperament that made Mycroft’s life a never ending string of headaches and worry, but at the same time he was the only person Mycroft actually cared for.
With a quick glance at the display Sherlock put it away again.
John gave him an incredulous look.
When finished with the report to Mycroft, he sat down on his bed for a little while.
When he had done what he had set out to do, John figured that he could perhaps talk to Mycroft about sparing Victor from a death sentence, but for now he had other things to occupy his time and as the letter was disposed of, Victor Trevor was no longer the focus of his attention as the time for his meeting with Magnussen began to engage his thoughts instead.
This might clearly have been a mistake if the look on Mycroft’s face is anything to go by.
If the door is closed with a little more force than necessary, he doesn’t care, he simply slumps down into the chair, draws a hand over his face to calm himself before he pushes play and sees Sherlock’s lip make contact with the tea cup, a large sip of liquid going down that long pale throat of his.
John couldn’t help but allow his gaze to travel the interior as he walked, certain that Mycroft must be doing the same, despite looking completely unphased.
John did love him, more than probably was good for him, but he also realised that he wasn’t as dazzled by the other man as he had been in the past.
As he positioned himself to wait for Magnussen to arrive, Sherlock began thinking about the assignment his brother had given him and the supposed existence of this mythical vault that Magnussen used to store all his blackmailing material. It wasn’t likely to be kept in this house, whatever Mycroft hoped for, the security of this flat was frankly atrocious and no one with anything of value, despite a good safe and a hiding place, would keep anything of that importance unguarded.
"As I said, this will only take a moment."
John couldn’t help but snort at this, his fists clenched to his sides in an effort to reign in his rising temper.
“Messy?” John tried and made his way over to a small footstool hidden beneath a box of test tubes.
“I’m hardly the dramatic one in the family, and compared to your silver tongue I have nothing to offer in that department. I saw the card you sent.”
“What is
“Good evening, Mycroft. Working as hard as ever, I see.”
“Of course I am! What did you expect?” John blurted out, not bothering with keeping his voice down. He was drunk, angry and indeed jealous, what else could possibly rattle his cage any further? But despite his outburst Sherlock didn’t move a muscle, only looked at him evenly.
“Doesn’t mean I’m not aware of them happening. I get the details reported to me whether I want to or not. Then there’s that dinner party in two weeks as well, it’s all just a bit....
“I see. Well, I understand your reluctance then, Dr Watson. But it is a pity, as there is a matter I really wanted to address with someone who knows him a little better than a new physician might.”
Perhaps he could call Lestrade and ask him if he knew anything? But most likely the Detective Inspector would be as clueless as the rest of them.
The human skull, the  bison with the head phones, not to mention that god awful collection of beetles surrounding the stuffed bat inside a collector’s box, residing on the mantle, were all things Mycroft would never understand why his brother bothered to hang onto, but at least the chair was comfortable, more so than the ancient atrocity that was John’s chair.
“Why don’t we start by you telling me about the event that took place around noon today?” Mycroft finally said.
Behind his back he heard Mycroft tell his assistant to leave and he could sense how the older brother slowly approached from behind and came into his line of vision to observe him as he worked, but he continued to pretend that he was alone in the room with his patient, silently praying for some improvement of his state.
Sherlock could feel his gaze take in every detail of his body and it was a novelty being under such scrutiny from a man he knew was more perceptible than most. He wondered if this was what it felt like when he turned his own investigating scrutiny on others, minus the sexual interest of course.
Thankfully there was food and drinks to occupy him, and even if he detested social gatherings like these, he at least tolerated it better than his brother did.
**********
“My brother is in very capable hands. Events taken place in this house tonight has understandably been a great shock to you and I suggest that you allow my driver to take you somewhere quiet where you can calm yourself down and get some well-deserved rest. We will all meet again soon enough.”
“Sounds dull.”
Magnussen was simply testing the waters, to see how far he was willing to go and John was treading the slippery slope of not wanting to reveal too much too soon. He needed to be seen as knowing something of interest without giving it all away at the very first opportunity.
“I have no idea what you’re referring to...” John began but Magnussen merely tutted at his feeble effort at playing ignorant.
John scratched his head and then put his fingers against his eye sockets to remove the last vestiges of sleep before looking around the room in bewilderment.
“Well. We’ll just have to wait and see, don’t we?”
He reached for his phone that was lying on the small table next to Sherlock’s chair and typed in the familiar name of Mycroft Holmes in the contact list.
Who was to say that Magnussen didn’t know very well where Sherlock was and had simply come along to take suspicions off himself?
The pressure against his back intensified and he instinctively tried to shy away from it but failed as a hand grabbed his shoulder to keep him in his place.
When he heard steps approaching outside, he estimated that less than twenty minutes had passed.
He knew it irked his brother when he did this, first trying for politeness just to breach protocol by not waiting for an answer, but Mycroft was tired of playing by the rules when it came to Sherlock. Rules didn’t apply to him when his brother was concerned and as long as Sherlock insisted on being such an insolent brat Mycroft had no regrets about treating him like one.
mean? Was he seriously considering forcing you to put your hand inside that jar? Surely, he was joking? A really bad joke, but still a joke, right?”
“I must confess that I was surprised to see them. How did you find out that my brother had been admitted to hospital?”
John felt terribly jealous over what they had and it was eating him up inside during the hours of the night when he tried to get some sleep but instead plagued himself by picturing the other two locked in passionate embrace, kissing each other, grinding their bodies against one another, while he lay abandoned and alone in some cot, agonising over what he couldn’t have.
Sherlock sighed and bent down to pull up his trousers. Then he drew a hand through his curls and walked over to the crate to retrieve the vial, putting it back into his pocket.
Even if Mycroft was good at what he did and had a lot of resources at his disposal, in the end, so did Magnussen, and given enough time, there was a small, but still feasible risk that he would begin looking into the matter more closely. So the trails had to lead to something that officially actually looked like some sort of clinic.
The only thing he had divulged had been that Dr Grimesby Roylott was a bit of an eccentric, had a bad temper if provoked and when not conducting business, lived more or less like a recluse at Stoke Moran which was the name of the place where they were now headed.
“I think that is the only way we can actually deal with him. He is too unstable, and he knows too much about everything. If continued to be left to his own devices, it would be like leaving a ticking bomb unattended. He is beyond redemption. Even prison would be too uncertain, even if we did manage to pin something on him. Mycroft will make him disappear instead, no questions asked.”
“That’s it? This is what the strong and almighty army doctor John Watson is like at his most threatening? I’m not quite sure I’m quivering in my boots yet.....”
To think that John Watson actually imagined himself having a chance at getting this, taking claim over Mycroft’s precious little brother as if it was actually a realistic option. Taking the he only person Mycroft has ever cared for, the only person he can’t allow to be wasted on anyone else.
Having experienced Victor quite intensely today he knew full well that his so-called brother in law would hunt for a perceived enemy until he succeeded in catching and destroying that person.
“I thought you hated the fact that I keep an eye on you,” he said instead.
to see that matters the most after all.  So if that little gnome who shares Sherlock’s rent gets any ideas into that stupid little head of his, these are available to do the rounds for anyone interested in seeing them.”
Then he rose from his chair and extended his hand for John to shake.
Mycroft never dealt with the shadier aspects of the work he did, what needed to be done to generate a good result was always his only focus and that stance had never failed him. And Sherlock could take care of himself of course. But still...
He was something completely different. He seemed like an actual challenge if Sherlock’s instinct was to be relied on, and he was seldom wrong when it came to such matters.
John’s nostrils flared and Mycroft decided that unless the imminent threat of a fist flying through the air would become reality, he had to intervene.
“Tallish. Of lithe build. Dark hair. Curly. Late twenties to early thirties, perhaps a little younger,” she said while assessing him critically.
After a silent moment where he just seemed to take in the whole situation, Sherlock then wiped his lips with his shirt sleeve and looked straight into John’s eyes, not an ounce of shame, regret or embarrassment visible in his features, which considering how he had just thrown up quite spectacularly on his brother in front of John, was rather impressive.
Sherlock was a keen collector himself of all things he found fascinating, no regard to age, functionality or if it matched the rest of his furniture. But even he had limits.
He nailed his brother with a stern look.
“Is she tame?” he asked.
John nodded and allowed this brief breach of his order to pass, despite the itch to tell Sherlock to remain quiet.
The question Sherlock had raised earlier about exactly how far he was supposed to take this act and that there was a risk that Magnussen would want more than a prudent kiss on the cheek or a hand on a thigh, had been sitting a little uncomfortably with John during the ride over here. He didn’t want Sherlock to be forced to do anything more with this reptile than what the situation demanded, solely on account of some papers, no matter how many lives it would save.
Even if Mycroft found Sherlock’s relationship with the doctor quite pointless and frankly a weakness to be exploited by others, he could concede that his brother seemed more content with life since this development.
“Do you know how close it was that you actually died today and no one would have would have been able to help you as you had once again sneaked out without permission and abandoned all sense of security!”
This idea naturally did nothing to calm his already agitated nerves, as John went back to the kitchen to finish making some breakfast while he continued to seethe with anger for a long time afterwards.
This part of Victor Trevor that now had presented itself to Mycroft, was something completely different.
“Really? I wasn’t aware.”
“I had intended to meet with you earlier today, but when I came by the house Sherlock informed me that you had already left.”
They stared at each other for a few minutes in silence before Magnussen decided to be the one to talk first.
A physical fight between them would be short, he realised that. Dr Roylott was much bigger and stronger in every sense of the meaning and despite the gun, John would easily be overpowered if they ended up in a scuffle.
Warning for major character death.
“He might as well have put up a sign asking you to do your best.”
And, as if sensing Magnussen’s presence in the room, he suddenly opened his eyes, dark feverish hollows inside that gaunt, pale face, the skin glistening from sweat. He actually looked like he was dying.
As for his own role in this plan.....
“I trust you to arrange for any further transgressions to be properly dealt with in the future, Mycroft. Have you figured out how he managed to get inside the facility yet?”
Mycroft had for a second considered casting himself in a different role while tampering with Sherlock’s memory, so the unsatisfactory need of watching him through cameras to get his desired fill could turn into a more physical arrangement. It has always bothered him that their relationship is so fraught with resentment and bitterness. But despite greedily considering that option from every angle, he had settled for not risking it after all.
He was sick of being surrounded by men who treated the world and everyone in it, like a playground for them to plough through without a care in the world for consequences.
