There was no telling where they were, so John took in all the sounds and smells: chlorine…a sort of dripping sound echoing from a fairly low ceiling. A swimming pool. No sooner had he thought so than the sack was pulled from his head, revealing one shimmering a few feet away. Under different circumstances, he might have laughed when his next thought was that Sherlock would be proud of him for deducing as much.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, focusing as hard as he could on the happiest he could ever remember feeling. “
Sherlock bit his lip and stared at the floor for a long time before looking up at John through his lashes. "Would you ever kiss me again?"
The corner of John’s mouth perked up into a small smirk. “Sure is nice, being one of the Holmes boys.”
At the park, John amused himself by watching Sherlock studying beehives and the devices Muggles constantly used to communicate with each other (which John had to admit
When they reached the flat, Sherlock finally let go of John’s hand, leaving him with a sort of relieved emptiness as he stepped out from under the coat and threw himself down into his chair.
Sherlock stared at him. “It is not my fault that you are incapable of retaining even the simplest information regarding poisons. If you wish to continue without me, by all means,
a drama queen. You're not middle-aged. You're thirty-two. You're younger than my mother was when I was born."
He heard rather than felt himself sink to his knees, still gazing stupidly at John's face, twisted in pain, pleading with him. Although he had only read the words on the night that he'd first met Moriarty, he heard the dead voice in his head, the playful accent driving him to clap his hands over his ears.
One of the first times Sherlock had the pleasure of John's company, he had barely started nursery school, and was too young to even think of being embarrassed about wetting the bed. John's sleeping bag spread out on the floor below him made him smile as he snuggled under the covers and his mother kissed him goodnight.
"I was first mate, I'll have you know! The responsibilities of captaining a pirate ship are far too tedious for me."
“But surely you must have met by some sort of interesting circumstance. I would be shocked to find you in the same social circles as one would find Sherlock,” she went on, as if John had been the one to answer her question.
“Oh, don’t take it personally, practically everyone is.” Sherlock continued his pacing, ignoring John’s incredulous expression. “Now, let’s try again, shall we? The difference between arsenic and arsenia?”
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to speak. He felt his cheeks heating up, but didn’t want to acknowledge why.
Sherlock shut his eyes and soaked in every detail--the stillness of both their mouths, the kind firmness of John's, the smell of John's lip balm. He was vaguely aware of his rabbit ears slipping as John's fingers moved from his chin to his temples, gently pushing his head away.
The fondness written all across John's features squeezed Sherlock's heart, forcing it to work that much harder. "You don't have to be sorry. I've known you my whole life, I knew what I was getting into when I asked you to move in."
It felt that way to Sherlock and John, at least, after about a million drinks. Greg had to agree; watching Sherlock and John completely plastered had to be the highlight of the night. The next place on the list was just around the corner, but in the time it took them to walk there, they got into two playful shouting matches and what felt like the beginnings of foreplay before Greg had to break it up.
"Aren't I?" Victor pulled apart his dress shirt, revealing some sort of superhero getup. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
It was always a treat for Sherlock, being able to stay over at John's flat. It was less of a treat when John had work or class the next morning, but even so, there was something satisfying in dancing around one another as the sun rose.
A few boys dropped their own stones as they swept away, cautiously mocking once they had gained a fair distance.
“I don’t know if I want to go get some sleep, then. Bloody hell, I’ve been sleeping the next bed over from a fucking psychopath.”
"How about a photo?" Sherlock said brightly, but John could tell it was nothing more than a way to send the kid off. They took one together, then he wanted one with just Sherlock, and he waved as he stumbled over a drawn-out goodbye.
"That woman over there." Sherlock nodded at the woman two tables over. "She's going through a divorce."
Sherlock sighed and made his own way to the bed. “I know they care. They’re constantly caring. They’ve been caring for as long as I can remember. But they’re not always around.” He looked up at John. “You are.”
“Yeah, well, perhaps that’s a good thing,” John muttered, feeling his stomach sink at the look of the crumbling façade.
When he finally came back, Sherlock clutched something close to himself. When John tried to catch a glimpse of it, it was immediately concealed by Sherlock's jacket as he put it on.
“All the evidence was there. The extra candy wrappers in her wastebasket, the slight thightness of her blouse. There’s much more, but I’m not sure why we would get into that now, seeing as—”
Even with John's giddiness, though, Sherlock was ready to leave long before midnight. It was too crowded with men in tails and bow ties and
John was regretting ever agreeing to this. His fingers ached from the repeated chopping of roots and multiple burns from the repeatedly failed potion which Sherlock was supposed to be helping him concoct. Sherlock had, in reality, simply sat back and watched John fail, becoming frustrated and walking from the room multiple times as the thick liquid in the cauldron turned the wrong shade of brown or too bright a shade of pink.
Through all of this, Sherlock's eyes had remained shut. He finally opened them, frowned. "I don't count?"
“People do little else,” Sherlock muttered, then looked at John, a smile creeping at the corners of his lips and eliminating John’s insecurity in uttering something so absurd.
“John,” Sherlock muttered, touching his arm. It seemed to be the spark that finally lit John’s tinderbox of a temper.
“I will stop you,” Sherlock said after a moment to recover from Moriarty’s sudden change of temperament.
They always passed and waved to John's flatmate as they left, pulling on coats as they rushed out. If he was in a particular mood, Sherlock would even shout, "See you later, Ben," behind them as the door closed, and John wouldn't bother correcting him because they were in a hurry, and it didn't matter anyway, because Sherlock would still get Bill's name wrong next time.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock snapped, though the speed of his response said otherwise. He had to visibly compose himself after the outburst. “I’m not bothered at all by my nakedness, John. Honestly, I don’t see how you would even get that impression.”
After dessert, the party moved into the sitting room. Sherlock’s father had placed all of the newcomers’ presents under the tree. Mrs. Holmes reached under and pulled out a number of gifts, tossing them aside ungraciously and eliciting snickers from everyone else. A couple of them even made shattering noises as fragile contents were destroyed, which put a smile on even Mycroft’s face.
Tortellini and some sort of stew were revealed, and Sherlock, locking eyes with John pointedly, reached for the pasta, his smirk worse than ever, for there was rarely anything at all resembling Italian food in the Great Hall at mealtimes.
John breathed a sigh of relief. He'd just directed his horse to the post, and was even holding a long, thin lance that he hadn't any clue what to do with.
“You’re doing a fine job of it,” John laughed. He carded a hand through Sherlock’s curls and pressed the other to the small of his back. “I suppose that’s nothing new.”
Sherlock could see how uncertain John was as he inched closer, and so at the last moment, he dipped down so that John's lips touched his forehead instead.
“So, Sherlock,” John managed once he’d calmed down a bit more. “We should go out sometime. You want to go out sometime?”
John stuck a toe in to check that the water wasn’t too cold. He felt his face go red as he waded in after Sherlock and looked up to see him staring. “What?”
John soon found he was struggling between the impulse to study Sherlock closely and the desire not to seem too eager, so he was grateful when Sherlock backed away and waded into the pool.
"Yes, thank you," Sherlock finally piped up, lifting his head dazedly as he finally decided that there would be plenty of time for nuzzling against John later, because he was not in any immediate danger, and they were relatively safe at school, and he was never going to let John leave his sight again, anyway.
John’s mind became an adrenalized buzzing of spectacularly stupid ideas, all of them bouncing off of each other and making him want nothing more than to curl up into a ball on the floor and sort them out before he could pay any more attention to the standoff before him, one he’d been unceremoniously and unwittingly dragged into on the day Mike Stamford had taken him to Bart’s with the intention of introducing him to a potential flatmate.
Sherlock shrugged. “I suppose he’s worried about competition, he hasn’t got the prettiest face on the grounds.”
Stepping toward a door on the far side of the landing they now found themselves on, Sherlock beckoned for John to remain just behind him. Slowly, he turned the doorknob and pushed.
"Oh, it's alright. You've always liked John, I see that now. I can't say I blame you." She cocked her head appreciatively, still gazing across at the older kids. "He
“It’s great to have some company for Christmas Eve,” Mrs. Holmes was saying as John ate pudding and tried to ignore the look Sherlock was giving him. It was like he was trying to see how long it would take for him to leap down the table and devour him. “Especially someone Sherlock’s so fond of.”
John looked up at her. Honestly, he couldn’t care less where Harry went. The issue was enduring their extended family without someone his age with remotely the same interests—which, in all fairness, were pretty much limited to Quidditch even when it came to Harry. On one hand, it would be nice not to have her there trying to sneak the Firewhisky from their uncle’s cupboard. On the other, that meant he wouldn’t have her there to deflect the constant questions about school and romantic prospects.
Sherlock had always loved the zoo. As a child, Mycroft would take him to see the reptiles and he would study them for hours, searching for the camouflaged ones, shouting with joy when he found one he'd read about. Naturally, the reptile house was his favorite place.
“Yeah, I guess.” John seriously doubted whether he would stick around for very long, but he wasn’t going to say anything. He and Stamford separated at the entrance to the Great Hall to take a seat with the rest of their respective houses.
Greg smiled and nodded. "You've been planning for months. Just go out there and do it like the rehearsal."
"It's really soft," John whispered contentedly. Sherlock could hear him rustling around, curled up in the fleece lining.
"Do I need to warn her about your tendency to forget your lunch? She'll have to help you remember if she wants to be with you."
And God, did John crave it. If John had to pin down one thing about Sherlock that he loved most, it would be his utter disgust for conforming to those around him, even his own family. He somehow stood out from them, not aloof like Mycroft or his grandmother, not kind and relaxed like his father or Wilson, not even leaderly and proud like his mother or aunt. It was as though he had forged himself from their best qualities and formed a new type of Holmes—a new type of human being—with the help of their influence. And John could very well say that he would continue to love the Sherlock that Sherlock had created, if not simply because he loves the creation, then because the creation was Sherlock’s, and Sherlock could do no wrong. At least, not majorly wrong.
Sherlock knew he should be less juvenile. He knew it was more complicated than dismissing John's feelings about his father, who had always been a decent man outside of his unyielding attitude toward traditionally intolerant values. But Sherlock couldn't move past it. At times, it had felt like a personal attack, like John's father had always known he was gay, and was doing everything he could to make sure his son wasn't being "corrupted." There had been times he could laugh about it--like the time when John's father had called him in the middle of a blowjob, or when John had cheekily teased him under the table at Christmas dinner. But for the most part, he resented the man, and he felt childish, but he resented John for letting him get away with the things he said, even if he had avoided him as much as possible for a solid decade.
Wendy and her family walked past, and John made good on his promise to himself. “You got a boyfriend by being brilliant.”
she. She got on doing whatever she wanted by blackmailing prefects and even sometimes professors, something that she would never talk about specifically but that she would always readily admit to doing.
He reached the foyer long before Sherlock did, so long in fact that he wondered whether Sherlock wasn’t still standing there in shock, contemplating the audacity of leaving him high and dry like that. When Sherlock did finally enter the hall, John had to stifle laughter when he noticed that his boyfriend was wearing a different pair of trousers than the ones he’d originally changed into. Mycroft stared at Sherlock, clearly trying to hide his disgust, which made John’s struggle to contain his mirth much more difficult.
Sherlock liked to think it was the wistful note in John's voice that prompted him to do it, but John would always argue that it was something he tried every opportunity he got. Not that John was really in a spot to mind so much when he felt that Sherlock's foot had slipped from his shoe and into his own lap.
," John gasped, and when his hips ground against Sherlock's backside, Sherlock realized he was still asleep.
John was cut off by a searing kiss, his hands suddenly held against the brick on either side of his head. His voice melted into a soft whimper.
On his way to dinner, he found Sherlock waiting at the entrance to the dungeons and stopped. “Sherlock?”
Greg approached from the direction of the counter. "Problem?" he said in his best Met trainee manner.
"Why should I care?" Sherlock was clearly near tears, but so far he'd managed to hold onto them. He leapt up from the sofa and threw his arms about in a great display of stabbing irony. "It's not as if he would want me to care. He wouldn't want
"You bloody git," John muttered fondly, periodically glancing over at Greg's discomfort at having to witness such an obvious display.
know our family.” Wendy had finally dropped the conversational tone that had seemed to be a permanent quality of her particular brand of condescension, and her eyes flashed dangerously.
Late that night, John sat in the tiny apartment he was guaranteed to vacate before long, nearly tearing his hair out, he was so bored.
They sat in silence for what seemed like hours, constant shuddering keeping them awake. John glanced over at Sherlock.
Everyone stood in silence for a moment. “Thank you, John,” Greg said. “Now can we please get back on the pitch and do what we’re supposed to be out there doing? Thank you.”
Sherlock rolled over to retrieve his wand from the pile of robes on the floor and silently swept their mess away. John was too content to protest the use of magic for something so simple, not to mention his eyelids were becoming heavier as the minutes ticked by. Before long he and Sherlock were wrapped up in each other and breathing heavily in sleep.
.” Sebastian nearly knocked him off his feet as he passed him and strutted down the corridor, clearly confident he’d sufficiently intimidated John.
“Yes. I thought you’d approve.” He picked a small speck of fuzz from the collar of his new jumper. “You said you actually liked this one.”
"Then there’s no point. That Moriarty bloke knows what I mean to you, and that’s information you’re never going to be able to get back out of his head. So if we were to stop kissing and working on Potions and going on dates, would it even matter? He’d still use me, you’d just be further away and it would be harder to know when something’s wrong. So do us both a favor and shut up, please."
He was genuinely irate, in strange contrast to all of the playfulness he’d put on display. John and Sherlock glanced at each other as the mysterious conversation continued. The continuous changes in atmosphere were jarring. John wasn’t sure he could handle the turbulence much longer after the events of the past hour.
"It's about bloody time, though," Mike went on, and Sherlock's eyebrows knit together. Mike looked at him. "This bloke hasn't shut up about you for a month. Don't think he even really realized he mentioned you so much. Funny, having so much to say about someone you met only once."
“Rudy!” Sherlock’s mother said suddenly, and John looked up at the door just as a man in dark green robes appeared.
“Christ, Sherlock. That’s one hell of a birthday.” John turned halfway around and pressed a comforting kiss to Sherlock’s lips, then snuggled back into him again.
“Why are you such a child?” Sherlock laughed. “You’re two years old!” Propelled by his newfound confidence in his own self-control, he leapt up and began to tickle John, whose surprising sensitivity around the armpits left him squirming and laughing higher and higher in pitch, until Sherlock noticed his friend shrinking.
After fixing the new injury, John turned on the telly and sat next to Sherlock, watching him struggle with the urge to get up and climb on something. He grinned. “Comfortable?”
John's eyes narrowed for a moment before he tipped Sherlock's head back with a finger on his chin. He kept it there as he examined Sherlock's face for any trace of facetiousness, but found none. Slowly, he leaned toward him until their closed lips were pressed together.
“Of course,” came Mycroft’s voice from behind him. He carried a small package, which he handed to Sherlock.
“You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool, people might talk.” What had made him say that? As soon as the words had left his lips, a whole new type of shock struck John, shock at his own initiation of the speculations about his relationship with this strange man.
He felt Sherlock shudder as he let John’s tongue explore just past his lips. It was met with a whimper from John as Sherlock simultaneously sucked at John’s tongue and allowed his hands to drift, exploring John’s clothed body in a way they never had, full of cautious hope and anticipation and the feeling of walls not being knocked down at once, but being torn down brick by brick. He rubbed John’s shoulder blades and massaged his lower back and slid a firm line up each of his sides reverently, as though he’d memorized the surface with all of the feather-light touches of the past but was finally being given the chance to understand the precise way John’s muscles tensed and relaxed under his hands.
“Well, since cuddling on the astronomy tower is out of the question, perhaps we could work on something for class.”
Sherlock didn't have a response. He didn't even really know why that statement struck him the way it did, but he found himself suddenly staring at the floor, brow furrowed.
"Yes, please. Also"--he stood and kissed Sherlock on the cheek, cradling his arm carefully--"how was your day?"
“It can wait.” Sherlock flipped himself around and straddled John’s thighs. His mouth never left John’s neck for more than a split second at a time. “I’d rather just kiss you right now.”
“Yes.” He strode to the cabinet over the stove and pulled out a jar of full-size candy bars. He held it out for Sherlock to examine. “Truth flake. The most innovative product to come from William Cadbury.”
“Don’t worry, Johnny-boy, Sherlock’ll be here to get you in a moment. He was the one who brought me here, you know. Called a little meeting.”
Sherlock let out a soft huff of laughter. "I suppose she does mean well. And it always seems to work out well for us when she does."
He cocked his head, amused despite himself at their behavior, which was even stranger than usual. “Not at all,” he finally replied.
“Yes. Every year for as long as I can remember, Aunt Wendy has tried to make it seem like she’s a better parent than Mummy. She’s always coming up with ways to make me seem like some sort of failure. Mycroft is the golden child, she can’t normally get anything on him. But I’ve got some rather obvious flaws.” He sighed. “Most years I have to just endure it. Every once in a while Mummy will stand up for me when it goes a bit far, but she’s generally in the same situation as me. We have to take the beating gracefully and simply wait for dinner to end so that that wretched woman can leave.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but said nothing to the effect of “Of course, don’t be absurd.” Instead, he asked, “What do you want to do?”
Once they had arrived in Hogsmeade the next day, Sherlock had insisted on going straight to the abandoned Shrieking Shack. A few other students stood near them, studying the dingy building from afar. Sherlock and John were by far the closest, a position which no one else seemed to have any desire to usurp.
“SHUT UP!” he roared, and everyone was silent. “Can we all just shut up and listen to Greg, please? Sally, you’re being sloppy. Harry, you’re goofing off. Don’t you try to deny it, I saw you over by the Hufflepuffs!”
“Precisely. That, in combination with some of the things Mycroft has had me take a look at this term, is enough to make me think that a stranger giving you odd looks is no coincidence.” Sherlock looked at him, his eyes intense. “Just look out.”
John blushed slightly, but he wasn’t about to tell them that that had been the truth of the matter, that Wilkes
Sherlock was obviously crashing, and John wasn't going to stop him from getting some sleep if it meant keeping him away from another dose of whatever he'd taken. Morphine, it looked like, and he knew it could have been worse, but he didn't want to take any chances.
"Are you...? Oh my god, you are," the boy said. "I'm so sorry, I just..." His eyes shot from Sherlock to John. "Doctor Watson, I read your blog like mad. It's all just so incredible. D'you think I could...?"
He peered at Sherlock’s outline hobbling over to the window through slits, refusing to fully open his eyes to the dazzling midday sun.
“Bloody hell, let’s go,” John finally said, marching off toward the old house, knowing Sherlock would follow.
He smiled at him dangerously as the second blow oozed down his right cheek. “Oh, Sherlock, do you know what you’re doing?” Then he pounced on him, pinning him against the wall and attaching his lips to the closest bit of him that wasn’t orange, which happened to be the spot where his neck met his shoulder, which had been protected by his shirt, always unbuttoned at the first two if he could get away with it.
He leapt forward and pinned himself to Moriarty’s back, an arm around his neck, another around his chest. “Sherlock, run!” he grunted, struggling to make sure his grip on Moriarty was secure.
"I appreciate the sentiment, but I do still rather like the idea of being a doctor." He smiled up at Sherlock. "We'll just have to come see the tigers more often."
“Before we find ourselves delving any further into pleasant lunchtime conversation, I have something to ask of you, John.”
“Was that Sherlock?” Sarah asked, and John tensed, prepared for another scolding. She shook her head. “John, he’s your friend. I understand if you text him. It’s the constant worrying that drives me up the wall.”
John looked alarmed. "What is it? Is something wrong?" He reached for the door handle, the key still turned in its hole.
John’s smile dissolved the suspicious, confused look on his face in an instant. “That’s a great idea, Sherlock. But I wouldn’t want to go unless you and Molly came, too.”
Wilkes didn't seem to know who he actually was, and clearly took him for an actual authority figure. "None, sir."
Of course, no one but the two friends he’d made would take his word over Sebastian’s. He had to find a way to discredit him, make him out to be the liar he truly was.
Both went completely still, unsure what to do, wanting to prolong the experience but at the same time having to fight the urge to rut against each other, seeking release. They stared at each other, the unspoken question floating between them.
“Anyway, like I was saying…” John muttered, sliding the flake from his new ice cream and taking a large bite out of it as Sherlock stared on in horror. He never continued what he had been saying, though, because all of a sudden all that mattered was the flake. “Wow,” he said, staring at the rest of it. “This is fantastic. You have to try it,” he said to Molly, who hadn’t even ordered a cone.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not.” He muttered something about a “ridiculous idea” and shook his head.
Sherlock sighed. “One time when we were kids I tied Mycroft’s cat to one of the Knight Bus’s axles.”
On the walk from Gryffindor Tower to the Great Hall, they ran into Molly, whose dress robes were quite different from her typical casual attire of high-buttoned blouses and homely cardigans. In fact, if John hadn't had Sherlock, he might have given her a second look, but as always, he had eyes only for the ridiculous boy over whose arm he'd draped his own. He still said, "You look brilliant, Molly," and just barely refrained from commenting on the way Lestrade had stopped dead as he'd turned the corner and seen her.
“Now, whatever task Sherlock gets, that’ll be yours too. I know I’m your Head of House, but honestly, I don’t know what to do with you. You never get into trouble. So I’ll have mercy on you and give you some company.”
John's frustration was put on pause. "Wasn't it?" He looked at Sherlock, who stared at him with wide, shocked eyes that somehow still seemed to be awaiting John's reaction.
“Yes?” he said, jogging along the downstairs corridor in pursuit of the voice that had called out his name. He wanted to keep Sherlock out of the sitting room for as long as possible; the nosy bastard was bound to figure out what his present was at a glance, something John wanted to keep from happening too soon.
“Well, I can see it didn’t keep you from getting here on schedule,” Mrs. Holmes replied, a certain indication in her voice that she most certainly would have preferred if the weather had caused them to miss dinner entirely.
Sherlock woke on his side, a dull pain drumming in his head to draw attention away from the burning behind his eyes.
“On Christmas morning, the boys open up most of their presents, and then some of our extended family come for Christmas dinner and a little gift exchange.” Sherlock scoffed as his father mentioned relatives.
“It’s because he’s a terrific snitch, there always needs to be at least one snitch in the ranks,” Sherlock said with a scowl that only served to make John laugh.
Swaying turned into gyrating, turned into full-out twirling through the sitting room, dodging furniture and discarded mugs that hadn't yet made their way back to the kitchen. John spun Sherlock around in his sock-feet without letting go of his hand and swung him out, only to pull him back and hold him close as the song's last note faded out, giving way to their laughter.
“I gave you my number. I thought you might call,” the singsong voice taunted. Moriarty stepped from concealment. “Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket…or are you just pleased to see me?”
Greg smiled. “I suppose as long as you know it.” He yawned and stood. “I can’t say I’m surprised, really,” he said. “The way you reacted to Seb’s bloody stupid move should’ve been enough to tip me off.”
He’d gotten used to the feeling of Sherlock’s signature smirk against his skin, and was unsurprised to feel it now. He’d also learned over the past couple of weeks that complementing Sherlock’s technique while snogging only served to heighten his enthusiasm. The smirk melted into more fervor immediately.
Sherlock looked positively murderous, and John knew that dinner was at least going to be interesting.
He came across the victim's discarded armour, and upon studying it, found a tiny spike on the breastplate, just where the man's neck would have gone.
After the awkwardness subsided, the meal continued with conversation about Holmes traditions for the remainder of the Christmas holiday.
"Yes, I suppose that would be nice, but I don't necessarily fancy thinking of my brother as the subject of our first post-sexual encounter conversation."
A few electric minutes passed before either of them spoke again. “So why is it that you go chasing all of these mysteries? Why do you risk being expelled?” John asked softly, more curious than accusatory.
He'd discovered long ago that although Sherlock's knowledge of chemistry translated surprisingly well to baking skills, it did not necessarily mean he would be any help making anything but dessert. Birthdays and holidays were times for Sherlock to create culinary masterpieces, but saucepans and knives were not his forte. Therefore, it could be said that leaving Sherlock to make dinner on his own was the stupidest idea John had probably ever had, and he was glad he didn't follow through on it as he watched Sherlock dice tomatoes with his fingers in prime A&E trip position.
John's Valentine's Day was, in the end, a disaster. Sherlock's idea of the coconut-filled chocolates had been a bad one, it turned out. Of course, it wasn't entirely his fault. Wasn't John supposed to keep track of these things? How was Sherlock supposed to know that Sarah was actually
John resented the condescension so much that he chose not to, and nodded instead at Sherlock, who stared John in the face for a moment more before suddenly reaching a hand into his pocket and pulling out the memory stick.
Sherlock noticed John more and more in the hall, and even ran into him in the bathroom once, an entirely frustrating experience as they were both going in for a shower. Whenever John saw him, he would nod and smile, something Sherlock was sure he'd seen every single person on campus do, not to mention something that annoyed him to no end. But it was somehow different when he saw John do it, like they were partaking in a private joke.
It was a few hours later that Sherlock awoke, his ears latching onto a sound so foreign and uncomfortable that he wanted to shout for his mother, until he realized what it was. He peeked over the edge of his bed at his friend.
Minutes later, Sherlock admired the figure he cut in hastily but masterfully modified fancy dress in the mirror hanging on the door. "Where's
John sighed. "How about this: if you don't have another friend by then, I'll go with you. Who knows, I might go anyway. But you have to work at making friends, Sherlock."
She grinned. “Have fun. And do wear that nice blue jumper your aunt gave you for Christmas. It looks great on you.”
She wasn't even halfway back to her flat before John found himself being dragged up the stairs to their own sitting room. Sherlock left him in the doorway, but sprinted to the bathroom and turned on the shower.
“I’m sorry, brother dear, but since your birthday, you’ve not managed to go a day without knocking something from a shelf and sending it flying across the room.”
Sherlock nodded, standing. He was dressed in what John could only assume was his typical Muggle-friendly attire, a dark suit which fit him a little too well, perfectly tailored to hug the sharp lines of his shoulders, not to mention the curve of his behind. John would have felt underdressed in his typical jeans and jumper if he didn’t know that Sherlock’s father was dressed similarly. He snorted. Of course Sherlock dressed this way outside of school—he was much too posh for his own good.
As the privilege of spinning the bottle passed around the circle, the innocent game surprisingly remained innocent. Molly's sister landed on Molly, and she hugged her and kissed her on the cheek. Greg's spin landed on the same boy as Isabelle, and they put on a show of it. Molly blushed deeply when she landed on Greg, who quite graciously pecked her on the lips and smiled. And then it was Sherlock's turn.
When John woke the next morning, Sherlock was busy collecting data on his potions, his brand new protective eyewear on top of his head.
It's really hard to keep it weekly with chapters pre-written, but I'm not gonna dig myself back into the hole I just got out of. So enjoy this small token.
. He loved John. He knew he did. But until that exact moment, he'd never understood the extent of that love. He hadn't even really understood what love was, he realized. Love wasn't lying in bed with someone kind and funny and attractive, or gently stroking his cheek as you kissed him, or taking having him spend Christmas at your house with your family. Love wasn't any of those nice, happy feelings they'd shared, at least not by themselves. Love was, first and foremost, fear.
The day had been spent quietly at Harry's. Clara had cooked dinner, which was lovely. They'd left before Harry could pull out the booze.
That was the last pub they went to. After that, Greg had had mercy on them all and declared himself too tired to move on. He helped his limping friends into a cab.
The first Hogsmeade weekend of the new term had never been more welcome, and Sherlock leapt at the chance to drag John away from his wretched schoolbooks.
If you've stuck with me, thank you. If you've just read it all the way through for the first time, thank you. Also, thank you to
John tried to stand his ground, but his brow furrowed curiously, giving him away. If Sherlock could perform magic with just his eyes, Mason would already be nothing more than a pile of dust.
It couldn’t possibly surprise him, and yet he still felt like he’d been betrayed, like he’d been left out of something important. Something dangerous.
“John,” he heard shortly after he arrived. Sherlock was crouched in a nearby corner. His whisper startled John.
John glanced at Sherlock, still lying beside him, his finger still hooked into the elastic of John’s pyjamas. He blushed.
Those were the nights that John would lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, not even making the slightest attempt to get back to sleep. There was very little that didn't cross his mind during those hours of darkness, and he tried again and again to convince himself that he dwelled equally on each subject. There was no conscious decision, no premeditated plan to do so, but John found himself desperately willing it to be so. There was nothing he could do about the way his guard dropped as he unwittingly drifted off, though, and the next morning always held the vague memory of a dream that he for some reason didn't quite want to forget.
"Well of course they were, they couldn't let two children that young out on their own. But they were kind enough to sit far away."
They were silent for a moment, until John took Sherlock’s hand and folded it up in his own. “I meant what I said, by the way. I
"Relax, you'll be fine." This whole time, Sherlock had been steering John toward the tent he'd indicated. "You can gather any information from the other nights--any indication of a motive, an opportunity. In the meantime, I will be able to investigate the dressing room."
Sherlock turned away to see if his mother was coming back, and John burst into fresh laughter. "What?"
John laughed and kissed him again. He was about to mention the advantages of never leaving the room ever again when there was a knock at the door.
There was a bottle in one of the cabinets that confirmed his suspicions, and he ran from the tent, bottle and breastplate in hand.
John noticed Sherlock’s mother clenching her jaw ever-so-slightly. There was no doubting the tension in this relationship. John wondered whether they might be worse even than Sherlock and Mycroft.
Sherlock nodded. “I suppose that’s fairly important to me as well,” he said, guiding John’s hands to his hips and letting himself be pulled in.
The door opened, and John was almost immediately met with a kiss, Sherlock latching onto his bottom lip fiercely, as though his absence for most of the day was more upsetting than Sherlock had anticipated it would be. He kissed back steadily, but with a reserve that brought Sherlock to his senses and forced him to pull away and ask, “What?”
Sherlock insisted on carrying John's bag, and they set out on the short walk to the hospital. He knew that although he would have liked to, John was in no position to argue.
4. Have a lovely two weeks, darlings! I will be spending it grueling under stage lights and possibly doing drunken improv.
had moved—and all he could do was stare at the fingers with chunks of flesh missing and fight to remind himself, "No, it isn't real, that's not your John, it's just a thing that's using his face to manipulate you, John is safe in the greenhouses with Professor Longbottom and the other Gryffindors," but then the thought occurred to him.
Those same three weeks had passed with one “case” after another. Sherlock had developed a tendency to assume John would participate, and although he hated himself for it, John couldn’t resist running around, helping the madman solve people’s problems.
Sherlock didn't argue, though--perhaps the wait amidst broken limbs and pain-induced vomit for the wound in his hand to be closed really had affected him. In any case, Sherlock's silent turning of the spoon in the pot soon turned into a concerned whine. "Er, John?"
Victor, however, looked horrified. "I know I shouldn't be surprised at this point, but how did you get that at just a glance?"
The killer was being held by two women in corsets, struggling to break away from their grasps as they dragged him over to the stocks. Sherlock followed them, and John dismounted his horse to follow, too.
Standing next to the miraculous bed that had simply appeared in the room, John placed his hands on Sherlock’s chest and kissed him again, letting himself be enveloped by the warmth of the arms that settled around him easily, as they had hundreds of times before. This time, though, there was an electric current there that ran straight through to the skin of his back, unimpeded by the layers of cloth between source and destination.
“Then Kreacher shall fetch it right away, sir!” the elf rasped, and he scurried away with a quick salute.
John walked over and laid across the bed beside him, an arm wrapped casually around Sherlock’s waist, his head almost in Sherlock’s lap. “Of course I’ll stay in here.”
“D’you still want to go upstairs?” John asked, breathless, as Sherlock pressed his lips against his neck.
He did his best to avoid the other inhabitants of the house. He wasn’t overly fond of the idea of his first full conversation with Sherlock’s parents happening without Sherlock present. If he was being completely honest with himself, the prospect of being properly introduced was a bit frightening. He was nervous, to say the least. But the house was large enough for John to go unnoticed by Mr. and Mrs. Holmes quite effortlessly as he went from room to room, entering only the ones which were open and clearly not private.
Nothing happened. Sherlock shoved his wand back into his pocket with such force that the fabric ripped. “See? I told you.”
Suddenly, he heard Sherlock’s voice, calling out for his adversary, and the silky Irish lilt murmured in his ear, “Go get him, darling. It’s showtime.” John stepped from his hiding place, a plan already forming in his mind. He blinked rapidly, willing Sherlock to get the message, praying that he hadn’t gone and “deleted” Morse.
After getting John’s trunk up a flight of stairs to Sherlock’s room (John had insisted that they do it themselves, and Sherlock had no problem using magic outside of school) and dressing, Sherlock gave John a guided tour. They went everywhere that John had gone the day before, but it was much more enjoyable having Sherlock at his side, explaining his relation to the people in the portraits, pulling certain books from the shelves in the library and showing John the notes he’d made in them as a child, his corrections to the text. He notably avoided discussion of Mycroft’s corrections to his corrections, but John saw them elegantly looping around Sherlock’s scrawl in the margins of almost every book he saw, making him smile and shake his head.
Sherlock collapsed against the wall. John caught him and held him upright. He gave him a little shake. "Sherlock, you okay?"
John raised an eyebrow as he was led over to the monkey bars. Sherlock sat on the ground, and urged him to do the same.
No. He was being irrational. He realized, as the last student in front of him took her place before the trunk, that there was no stopping it. He would have to simply give Moriarty purple hair and do damage control later.
“The thrill, John. I love the thrill of using my mind to its full potential, and the only way to get anywhere near that maximum in this castle is to solve a puzzle.”
After a moment, the scratching of John’s quill ceased once more and he said, “Hang on. This isn’t some ridiculous ‘Third Date’ plan, is it?”
Sherlock shook his head. “That’s not just it. Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic—that’s everything that Mycroft’s ever aspired to be, since he was seven. She knows that. She’s baiting him.”
"No, I'm...I'm fine," Sherlock managed, though he wasn't, not by any means. Being in love was anything but
Sherlock shook his head. "They say he fell as if faint, and a few people saw him frothing at the mouth as his horse trampled him."
“What?” John looked at his ice cream, free from toppings other than its standard flake. “Oh. You know, I think I did.”
John looked back down at Sherlock’s face, surrounded by wild, dark curls and half-covered by the bandage that was wrapped around his head. When he did, he saw Sherlock’s eyes open.
He turned and saw the small woman on the landing behind him. “Sorry, Professor. I was just...taking a walk.”
With a sigh, he reached around the curtain, but met only the terrycloth of his towel hanging on the hook.
Sherlock, however, got bored rather quickly with his assigned area. At three years old, he wasn’t allowed anywhere near the monkey bars. If his parents hadn’t made that clear enough, Mycroft reminded him haughtily every week. On this particular occasion, Sherlock sat in a swing sulkily as John Watson pushed him gently forwards and backwards. He stared off towards his older brother, leaping gracefully from bar to bar.
"Alright, Doctor Watson, as I'm sure you're aware, you're going to be in pain for a little while, and you'll probably be limping for a little while longer," the doctor attending to him said as she finished closing and dressing his wound. "You're welcome to stay overnight, but I'm going to prescribe some painkillers for when you go home."
They sat there for a long time, both dreading going back to face everyone, but also praying that they’d be able to work up the courage to do so before Sherlock’s parents came to find them.
Sherlock was no different from any other child in his curiosity. If anything, he became curious much quicker, and stayed curious much longer, and as a result asked more questions than the average seven-year-old. Which was why, one morning over breakfast, Mycroft found himself being asked, "What's it like to kiss someone?"
“It’s alright. They were Aurors. They were doing their best to keep the Death Eaters under control, but…one night it was really bad. You know the night—there were uprisings everywhere. They were trying to contain one of them in a Muggle village.”
If Mason was thrown off at all by this revelation, he didn’t show. “Well, then, I guess you’ll know about the rabbit then, too.”
Greg was the only one left standing. "Okay, rules: you have to kiss whoever it lands on. No exceptions. Also, nothing dirty. There are children present," he joked, glancing at Sherlock and Molly. Sherlock scowled. Greg walked over to the portable record player in the corner and put on a Tears for Fears album.
“Sherlock, if you’re not down here in five minutes, we’re leaving without you,” Mrs. Holmes called for the third time.
want tea. Have a nice chat with Mrs. Hudson. I, however, am going to get some rest, because I’ve had little sleep since the ‘gas explosion’ across the street. Good night, Mrs. Hudson,” he said as she entered the room.
Sherlock nodded and looked into the room, then stopped in his tracks. The space was packed, with music booming through barely visible speakers in the corners.
"They're predicting one of the worst snowstorms this part of Austria has seen in decades," John said, flipping off the telly and turning to Sherlock, who was busy on his laptop.
As it turned out, greeting Sherlock’s extended family as they arrived was just as much a Christmas tradition as presents or pudding, though not quite as pleasurable. John stood next to Sherlock in his nicest jeans and his brand new jumper and tried not to succumb to the impulse to hide as relatives entered the foyer.
Sherlock stared at the ceiling and puffed air out of his nostrils. "Bickering is getting us nowhere."
Twenty minutes later, with paper plates littering the two tables set up at one end of the pool, Isabelle picked up a nearby empty Coca-Cola bottle.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a split second before smoothing out smugly and saying, “No, they didn’t.”
Mycroft stared at him for a long time before standing and walking away. “Tell him I’m glad he’s alright, would you?” he said over his shoulder before leaving the hospital wing.
“Putting Mycroft under stress was probably the happiest I felt in my childhood, so there’s no point in trying again if that didn’t work.”
“Consulting criminal,” Sherlock was saying, and the phrase caught John’s attention. “Brilliant,” he whispered, and John, in spite of everything that was currently happening, in spite of all of the danger he currently found himself in, had to resist rolling his eyes.
Sherlock glared at him, but he knew better than to argue with the opinion of someone who’d just been given magic truth-chocolate. “Fine. But you’re not to say a word about this to anyone.”
“Holmes!” Stamford called, and John spotted the boy at the end of a row, sitting on the floor with a leatherback book covered in ominous stains. He looked up from the page, rolled his eyes on sight of his fellow Ravenclaw, and continued reading.
He continued to glance at John for the entire walk, actually, making John hyper-aware of the length of his stride and the sweat on his brow ave his slippery, vicelike grip on the hamper. He sat down as quickly as he could when they reached an empty patch of grass, spreading out the sheet he'd brought and letting the hamlet rest in his lap.
“Yeah, thanks, Sally,” John replied, shrugging her hand off his own shoulder and making his way over to the armchair to shake Lestrade’s.
“That’s right, you were off with that Holmes bloke last night,” Moran said, and everyone in the vicinity turned towards them, as though hoping John would give confirmation to whatever ridiculous rumours had been flying around.
John's face went red, but he stood and held his hand out for Sherlock. "I dunno when Moran'll be back, but all the rest have said they won't be in 'til late."
They sat in comfortable silence for a few moments until Sherlock said quietly, “You said something earlier about your parents not being around anymore. What did you mean, exactly?”
John's eyes flicked over Sherlock's shoulder to the bedside table. "You know what?" John swung his leg over both of Sherlock's and used the bounce of the mattress to straddle him without leaning on his injury. He leaned down and kissed him again, but this time he used the added leverage to trap both Sherlock's wrists above his head with his good hand. "I'm gonna show you that it doesn't matter," he muttered against Sherlock's cheek.
He glanced over Sherlock’s shoulder just as his head fell forward to nip at John’s ear lobe and saw something that would have made him laugh out loud if there weren’t clever fingers running along the length of his clothed prick.
Those times were fun, somehow, when the both of them were rushing through their routine, briefly touching each other on the elbow, the hand, the shoulder, to get them through the morning as quickly as possible. But Sherlock's favorite mornings, of course, occurred during the weekend, and always had him coming back for Saturday nights in John's flat, drinking and laughing and finally going to bed around three AM. Because hours later, when he would open his eyes--always before John--he got to watch him, and kiss him, and perhaps even ride him when he did wake.
“It wouldn’t have anything to do with not having to think about going home for the holidays, would it?” Harry said.
He'd known going to uni was supposed to be an exciting time, but while the other students were busy getting acclimated with their surroundings and "forging lasting friendships" (when the dean had used that exact phrase at orientation, Sherlock had rolled his eyes), he shut himself up in his dorm, sometimes doing experiments in the corner he'd set up on his side of the room with beakers and flasks and
Sherlock jumped up from his chair and dragged John to the deserted hall, where he lost all semblance of decorum and threw him up against the wall, latching onto his neck, loosening his tie as he worked his way down past his throat.
By mid-afternoon, Sherlock had seemingly decided that they’d properly snogged each other throughout the house, so he said, “It’s your birthday.”
He was constantly worming his way into John's showers, or feeling him up at crime scenes, or jumping him at the breakfast table. Not that John was complaining--no, that wasn't it at all. Even if it did lead to some interesting conversations.
"Maybe you should, if you don't want--never mind." Sherlock stopped himself mid-sentence when he realized his thoughts were spilling out of his mouth.
"Good. Let's get a move on, then," he mumbled, beginning to regret the decision to force Sherlock out of the flat. The fact of the matter was, Sherlock's shorts, like all of the rest of his clothes, were far tighter than they had any right to be, not to mention they were somewhat shorter than John was used to seeing on another man, and Sherlock still hadn't ceased his analysis of every little movement John made.
"Can anyone tell me what I might have here?" he asked the room at large, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I didn’t want to keep it in my room, in case you figured out what I was up to. I had Mummy start it while we were at school, but I finished it off myself.”
They walked together to the ball, meeting others along the way, until they were an entourage entering the Hall, which was decked with more floating candles than usual, some with black or green flames, and jack-o-lanterns everywhere.
"John, I don't--I can't--oh, God," Sherlock moaned. He shuddered, and John wondered for a split second whether he was coming. Instead, his hand went to John's hip and his movements were more frantic, his breaths shorter even than before.
“It’s the one thing that’s been missing for a few days. For the four years I’ve spent at Hogwarts, Polly Winston has worn a purple hair ribbon in her hair. Late last week she suddenly stopped. It’s why I took the case. I was curious as to why she would have parted with it so suddenly. Can you get Lestrade? He must be in Gryffindor Tower by now.”
Sally’s eyebrow arched in the way it usually did when she was questioning one of Greg’s instructions on the Quidditch pitch. “You don’t know?”
"Yeah!" Sherlock started bouncing up and down in his seat. "John, do you want to go on a date to Angelo's?"
Sherlock cut him off with a dramatic sigh before rolling over onto his back. "Fine," he said, expressing his disappointment rather more than was necessary. After all, John hadn’t
“Hang on a moment, Sherrinford,” Mr. Holmes said, and Sherlock was about to open his mouth furiously, fed up with his family’s antics, when he realized his father was addressing the toddler in his arms. “Daddy’s talking. Sherlock, would you mind taking him to see the lobby? Your mother and I will be there in a moment.”
Mrs. Holmes was rooting through the package on the table. "Oh, look at this. There's one for you too, John."
The man went on, and as he did, Sherlock's nerves were put on ice. He was amused by the looks John gave him in response to some of the things the officiant said, and all uncertainty drained out of him.
, John, don't cry over your old man, he'll surely see you someday on that great rugby pitch in the sky with all the other Watson
“Well, your brother thinks we’re shagging,” John sighed as he stepped into Sherlock’s private bathroom and handed him a towel.
John laughed a bit with his friends, still trying to focus on his essay. With everyone starting to talk Quidditch, however, he found it difficult to concentrate, and so excused himself to find a quiet corner in the library.
“Better. And it would keep in that direction if he didn’t keep insisting on walking everywhere. He won’t take a cab. It’s been a week and he’s still limping around London.”
John sat on the mattress, stretched his legs out before him, and patted the space next to him. Sherlock sat and immediately wrapped himself around John’s middle. He pressed his face into John’s side and mumbled, “I love you, John.”
The end of each case brought John into a frustrated silence for a few hours, until Sherlock would call for tea from his bedroom. John would then curse both himself and Sherlock as he put the kettle on, take the tea to Sherlock's room, and find him sound asleep, fully clothed and facedown in the pillow. It was nothing new, but it did nothing to quell his resentment.
Before Mycroft could react, Sherlock was stretching out his fingers, just barely brushing the first bar. He huffed, frustrated, then leapt forward, catching the bar, his feet swinging a good three feet above the ground.
John could feel the heat creeping up his neck. “Just because I’m not a bloody genius at Potions like you are doesn’t mean you get to treat me like an idiot.”
Harry looked at him with mild concern, but there was no trace of a desire to stop him. “Alright. But make sure you’re up early for first day of term tomorrow.”
Also, I've added MorMor and Teddy Lupin to the tags. (!) That's to come in future chapters, though. You have a long way, grasshopper.
“What about me? What’s this for?” Uncle Andrew slurred, joining in where he found an opening in the conversation.
Sherlock cleared his throat and repeated the ridiculous incantation. The vase he pointed at promptly turned into a monkey.
Victor's 'friend' stepped out of the room, fully dressed though thoroughly disheveled, and practically ran down the hall to the stairs.
“Er, well…” John hadn’t been prepared to answer questions about something so trivial as his own food preferences. “I suppose I like…well…”
An idea occurred to John as he watched her make her way over to it. "My god, I hope she doesn't try to spike it."
As they walked away from yet another stranger complimenting Sherlock's look, John laughed and said, "People hardly even notice me. It's like I'm actually undercover."
"Oh, fuck, I don't know. Everything. But, considering we don't have lube, the options are a bit limited at the moment."
Sherlock nearly pulled his arms out of their sockets trying to get off his coat and explosive vest. “Sherlock!”
think about when it came to Sherlock back at the flat. Was he eating? Probably not. Sleeping? Doubtful. Staying off of his foot at least as much as was necessary? Not likely.
"Been there, done that." Molly's voice was soft, but there was a certain laughter in her tone. "Besides, boys are stupid. You wouldn't know a crush if it bit you on the nose."
When the jousting show began, Sherlock sneaked into the tent the knights had occupied. "Evidence, evidence," he muttered.
John looked over to the Ravenclaws and caught sight of Stamford, looking slightly uncomfortable next to none other than John’s carriagemate from earlier that evening, Sherlock Holmes. Holmes himself was simply sitting as one might have in a particularly boring class, leaning on his elbow and twirling his wand in his other hand. John stared. He had never seen anyone show that little interest in the Sorting, not since--well, not since his own Sorting, when Holmes had actually walked up to the stool
“This is from his seventh birthday.” She indicated a young Sherlock tearing open a gift—a rather large cauldron, one that he could easily have curled up and slept in if he’d so desired. John gazed at Sherlock’s face, committing the wonder and excitement to memory. He just barely stopped himself from reaching out to touch the photograph.
He sensed rather than saw Mrs. Holmes's beaming face. She tousled his hair softly and whispered, “Thank you, John,” softly enough that Sherlock couldn’t hear. He nodded minutely, smiling himself.
Sherlock grinned and nodded. "I put it in your trunk before we came back from Christmas. I figured you would've found it before now and taken the hint."
The golden-haired boy held out a hand and as all of the blood rushed south from Sherlock's head at just the simple contraction of deltoids he realized the answer to that question.
John didn’t know what to say. He’d never heard Sherlock speak that way, but he didn’t want him to stop.
“But perhaps love makes us mad,” Mr. Holmes continued, and John felt himself go a bit red. “I’ll let you in on a secret, though.” He leaned in and stage-whispered, “It’s the best kind of madness there is. Of course,” he went on, sitting up straight again and carrying on in a casual tone, “you already knew that.”
John saw the laser flicker in his peripherals. Sherlock looked at him with…what was that? Concern? Moriarty continued his monologue, but John couldn’t look away from that expression. It was half question, half—undeniably—fear. Surely Sherlock shouldn’t have been letting his hand tip that much in the presence of such a dangerous man.
As Sherlock was too young to cause much trouble late at night, he and John drifted off rather quickly, feeling the toll of the busy day they'd had, out and about in the city. Sherlock's nightlight eased the anxiety of his open closet door, and made it easy for the both of them to slip into drowsiness, then sleep.
By the time they came back to the table, there were four empty seats where Wendy and her family had been, and John had to stifle his sigh of relief.
"Now who's being unfair," Sherlock muttered indignantly. That was his tell—John knew that Sherlock was beyond the point of no return when his letters began to jumble.
The five feet between the table Sherlock shared with John and the others' table may as well have been 500 miles. Mycroft watched them giggling and talking about God knew what over the top of his menu, occasionally scoffing as John would pull a funny face and use his utensils as props, making Sherlock clap and laugh obnoxiously loudly.
“Liquid luck. Just have a bit of it and everything you do will end well until the effects wear off.”
Sherlock reached behind himself to spread his cheeks and pushed back again so that John's prick slotted between them. "Good?"
It was a few seconds before Sherlock realized Wilkes actually required an answer this time. “I just…saw,” Sherlock said simply.
John stared. “This is your big plan for rest? Getting really bloody uncomfortable at the top of the astronomy tower?”
Sherlock looked down and saw he'd taken only two bites in the time it had taken John to finish his own sandwich. "Right."
. "Come here." He hugged John to him. Didn't kiss him, just wrapped his arms around him, clutching at his robes with sweaty fingers.
“In reality they’re just giant balls of gas, constantly burning. There’s nothing magical about them. Even Muggle science got that one right. But there's no denying they're beautiful.”
“Of course I do, I have a sister. You spend all your bloody time trying to feel superior to your sister, and you bully her sons to make your case. If you spent half as much time trying to get to know Sherlock as you do tearing him down with your backhanded comments and obnoxious praise of your own oh-so-
Holmes take care of it!" as Sherlock stood at the corner with his hands at his sides and his brow furrowed.
When Sherlock arrived home in a pair of John's pyjamas, his mother didn't mention it, because John's mother had already called her about cleaning the sleeping bag, and it didn't seem that Sherlock cared, anyway.
“It was hardly my…my whole family,” Sherlock gasped as John’s teeth grazed the sensitive skin under his ear.
John didn't get to answer. They heard Mrs. Hudson bustling through to the hall, and Sherlock shot to his feet, but not without giving the front of John's trousers a quick, covert stroke. John kicked him.
"I'd had no idea it would—he...." Alarmed, Carthage cleared his throat and tried to fight the obvious tremor in his voice as he murmured, "Well, the class period is over, I think. You're all dismissed."
Sherlock appeared from around a corner. John hadn’t even seen him leave, but he was suddenly turning the corner from the direction in which Moriarty had left and pacing distractedly. If John hadn’t still been recovering from his own shock, he might have reminded Sherlock that the gun with which he was absentmindedly and agitatedly scratching the back of his head was loaded. All he could manage at the moment was a heaving, “Are you okay?”
John looked down. After the longest moment he'd ever endured, he said, "Look, Sherlock. I don't even know what to think. For a while now, I've started to..."
“You were always able to ignore all of those Ravenclaws. Why are you getting so worked up about something someone as fundamentally stupid as Wilkes says?”
” he hissed, glancing over to the bookcase, only to find that Mrs. Holmes had left the room. He shook his head. “She’s just as bad as you are.”
When he popped back into existence, Wilkes looked around in bewilderment. He saw Sherlock and froze. “What did you do to me?”
Harry sighed. “You know, perhaps it’s not the best time to mention it, but I’m staying at Clara’s over Christmas.”
When the plane landed at Heathrow a few days later, John was relieved to see Sherlock waiting for him. Then, suddenly, he was irritated as he remembered that Sarah was still there. The thing that troubled him, though, was that he couldn’t decide whether he was irritated at Sherlock or Sarah.
"I thought you'd been killed!" John nearly shouted, catching himself just before he'd done so. "Or something," he added halfheartedly, realizing how dramatic that had sounded.
He took a seat in the same spot he’d occupied the night before and sat patiently next to Sherlock until Mr. Holmes joined them, yawning and stretching as he collapsed into his armchair. “Go on, boys, take a gift,” he urged them.
Mrs. Holmes eyed her son carefully, and John realized she must be used to his mischief. Finally, she nodded, and Sherlock shot up from the table, grabbing John’s hand and dragging him out of his own seat. “But if I hear a single explosion, those cauldrons are going out to the stables again,” she shouted after him, and John wondered just how many explosions he’d caused over the years.
It didn't look like Sherlock had an answer, but regardless of whether he was about to reply, he didn't get to.
Sherlock bit his lip, but he couldn't determine whether it was out of embarrassment or in order to keep himself from laughing at the image that had entered his brain. "It's brilliant," he choked out.
"Are you sure you don't want to try some practical potions work?" Sherlock whined as they trudged back, their scarves pulled tight against the wind.
John reddened and nodded. Of course Sherlock would know his favourite food better than he did. “He’s right.”
John sighed, closed his eyes and shook his head. He was doing that a lot lately, wasn’t it? “Bloody hell. Fine.”
he liked the zoo, but he did. He loved the zoo. One of his favorite things about John was that he didn't always have to say that he liked doing something; he would just notice. And John would take him to the zoo.
Right after that on the list of general weirdness was the constant need to introduce oneself. Over and over, teachers would begin lessons with the phrase “new student” and force Sherlock to stand and very briefly tell everyone who he was and what he was doing there. So far, he’d managed to avoid saying anything noteworthy, beyond accidentally deducing his chemistry teacher’s pregnancy.
What if he wasn't in the greenhouses? What if something had happened that Sherlock was unaware of? He realized in that moment that it was impossible for him to always be there for John, and that there was always the possibility that Moriarty would take advantage of that.
. And that sounds like a self-promo, but it's not. I want to get to know the people who actually read my stuff. It's so important to me knowing that there are actual faces and personalities to the usernames.
Sherlock hesitated. “Yes, I think so. I’m sorry, I didn’t know. Although, to be quite honest, it makes his attempt to kill me on the Quidditch pitch a bit…clearer.”
friends, and it was generally accepted by that point that they came as a packaged deal. He was lucky Molly's sister was friends with Greg, too, because that meant someone to talk to when John was otherwise occupied.
Mrs. Holmes didn’t bat an eye. She simply lifted her wine glass serenely and shrugged. John could swear he thought he saw her wink at Sherlock, though, egging him on.
One instant, Sherlock was diving. The next, he was falling uncontrollably, sliding off the front of his broom, unconscious.
"Victor told me you were coming, Sherlock. I have to say, I was stunned. But then he told me John asked you, and, well..." He winked.
Though Harry had called him, he hadn't bothered to call back. He didn't want to speak to her, and he didn't think she really wanted to speak to him.
, he said to himself. Ravenclaws were in Ravenclaw Tower, not the dungeons. Still, he followed his ears, jogging lightly to catch up to the source of the tall shadow that danced across the walls.
Sherlock shrugged. They had reached his room. He unlocked the door as slowly as he could, sure that John would like to get back to whatever movie he was watching so that he could prepare for his exam. When he couldn't avoid it any longer, though, Sherlock opened the door.
, and Sherlock couldn’t have cared less about getting bad marks on just a few assignments, but he hadn’t realized how much his exam grade would depend on his knowing the book until the teacher had mentioned its relevance.
Sherlock looked as though he wanted to say something else. His mouth opened and closed three times before finally, he said, “Do you want to work on Potions tonight?”
Of course he’d been ignoring Moriarty, John thought. He hadn’t done anything of note since their return to school. Still, Sherlock failed to point this out, which was cause for concern. After a moment, John realized that Sherlock still hadn’t said anything. If Sherlock wasn’t taunting this maniac about being too boring to bother with, then…
“Yeah, but whether or not you fall off your broom has a lot to do with sleep deprivation. Don’t tell me you stay up like this before your matches.”
John was surprised to wake before Sherlock, whose limbs were wrapped around him so tightly that he shouldn’t have been comfortable, but he was. Cool breaths puffed against John’s throat from Sherlock’s nose, and each thump of Sherlock’s heart against his side made John dread the inevitable moment when Sherlock would leap out of bed and into action.
He made to move, to stand up, but before he could do so, the sniper’s red light reappeared on his chest, filling his heart with even more anxiety than what had occurred under threat of being detonated. He looked up to see the matching streak of glowing scarlet across Sherlock’s head and his breath caught. How many snipers did Moriarty have in his control, and when was he going to make them back down?
“Come here,” he said. When Sherlock obliged, he pulled him in for a bruising kiss. “It’s alright.” He kissed him again, longer and deeper. “But, for the record, let’s not get threatened again. Because it seems to always be me that gets the bad end of that deal.”
He was rinsing his hands when a boy he recognized from chemistry entered. He stopped dead at the sight of him, then smiled and held out a hand. “Holmes, was it?”
"I thought he was a detective! How was I supposed to know he was helping the boy wonder solve a murder for no apparent reason?"
Sherlock thought perhaps they were looking at different costumes. The fabric was hardly quality, and the tights were a gaudy green colour that made Sherlock suspect they'd been stolen from the costume stores after the theatre company's production of
John wanted to follow, but how could he with Harry there? “Harry, I...I don’t feel well. I’m going to go lie down.”
“You can’t be allowed to continue. You just can’t. I would try to convince you, but everything I have to say has already crossed your mind!” Moriarty continued.
“Yes, it is. But…this year, I’ve got someone who’ll stand up for me, who’s not already under fire himself.” Sherlock’s fingers found John’s cheek and touched it lightly. “Thank you, John,” he whispered. “You don’t know how much that means to me.”
Sherlock spent most of the walk up to Ravenclaw Tower contemplating ways to get into the Gryffindor common room. Even if he wasn’t going to do it tonight, it was good to have ideas for future reference. By the time the knocker was asking him some ridiculous question about swallows, he had already come up with seven different plans, ranging from climbing in a window to camouflaging himself with a Disillusionment Charm.
John considered whether giving such a man permission to do as he pleased with snipers trained on them both had been the right course of action, but as Sherlock dropped his sights from Moriarty to the bomb lying between them, he knew there was no denying the genius
As he began to approach them again, John closed his eyes, trying to imagine anything else but being blown to bits and taking Sherlock with him. He still didn’t feel much better when he opened them and spotted Sherlock wearing down nearly imperceptibly with the teasing. “People have died.”
Frantic footsteps sped by on the main road. They didn't take their eyes off each other for a solid minute, John with his chest heaving, Sherlock with a finger to his lips.
“Listen, Sherlock, I’ve got something to tell you. I know who started that rumour. The one about you and the—you know.”
Sherlock nodded. "One of the knights was killed in a staged joust. Of course, everyone thinks it was an accident, but it's not."
"As though he has a choice in the matter," Sherlock scoffed, not daring to mention to Teddy just how dangerous Seb was. "Besides, what do you suppose
Sarah didn’t say anything else, and it took the rest of the ride to Heathrow for John to notice the way she held her jaw. “What’s wrong?”
John burst out laughing again. This time, Sherlock ground down his hips and shut him up. Their lips met, and they engaged in a funny little sensual wriggle. John was lying on top of his good hand, and he was constantly aware of the splint on his other, if only because Sherlock's biceps flexed over and over around his face as he instinctively tried to pull his hands apart.
Waking up three feet above the sheets is surprisingly easy to overlook, or at least dismiss as the remnant of a forgotten dream. Sherlock Holmes discovered this on the sixth of January, 1993. When he hit the sheets a few seconds after waking, he started, but he soon rubbed his eyes and stood, cursing his unconscious mind for the scare.
“No, actually,” Sherlock replied after a moment’s contemplation. “This is quite nice, I think.” Another minute passed before he said, “Have I told you about my reason for joining the Quidditch team?”
“Good evening Sherlock. And good evening to you, too, John. I hope you’re doing well in this drafty old house.”
“Why…to Sherlock, of course.” The voice was uncomfortably close to his ear. He shied away from its owner.
John rolled his eyes, but did so anyway, brushing dust from them. Sherlock donned his own ears and took John's hand for the first time since leaving the flat.
“Not sure why.” Sherlock buried his face against John’s neck and put his arms around him. “Happy birthday, John.”
They sat in silence for a moment, staring at each other. Then Sherlock said, "Remember the first time you held my hand?"
John's gasps turned into groans; he went weaker and weaker in the knees until he was only still upright by the grace of Sherlock's fingertips, still gripping his hips and pressing them back against the wall. He hardly noticed the water making its way across his shoulders and down his back.
Sherlock paused for a moment in his admiration of a nearby vat of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans. “I’d like to get something for you. To celebrate.”
“Not a good one, or it would be more secure. Besides, if we get caught it’ll be worth the detention.”
“I do experiments. Invent my own potions, discover the effect that poisons of all kinds have on people and how they affect their surroundings. Find antidotes which have yet to be found.”
Sherlock shushed him. "You're causing a scene." He looked around at the restaurant's other patrons. "Besides, it wasn't that funny."
John glanced over his shoulder at Mycroft, conversing cordially with one of the most influential men in the country, and turned to Sherlock with a mischievous sparkle in his eye. He leaned in to whisper in Sherlock's ear. "What if I told you there were things I want to do to improve upon that suit of yours, too?"
Sherlock froze as the rest of the class nodded. He hadn't much thought about his fears, but at that moment, there was only one that came to mind.
That match had caused a lot of uproar among older Ravenclaws, students who knew Harry and her reputation for raising hell. They had assumed like-sister-like-brother, and that John had done the deed on purpose, and demanded if not a forfeit from Gryffindor, then a rematch as soon as Wilkes recovered. Their wishes had not been granted, and many sixth and seventh year Ravenclaws still gave him dirty looks in the corridors.
Walking into the shop, there were stares. They were used to it by now--over the summer, John had matured quite nicely, and Sherlock, with his school uniform and the braces that made his lisp inescapable, looked juvenile next to him. So it was nothing new for them to go somewhere hand-in-hand and get a few disapproving stares. But most people who knew them just laughed at how deceptively large the age gap looked.
John soon found that this particular exchange was full of gag gifts more than anything. By its end, Sherlock was surrounded by about fifty toy cauldrons that he would surely melt if he were to actually use them. John and Wilson had spent most of the previous half-hour laughing more and more heartily at the expression on Sherlock’s face as he’d pulled cauldron after cauldron from three different bags.
to be a Healer, you know,” she pointed out to him one afternoon in the common room. He’d been groaning over the essay that Professor Gregson had assigned.
It was surreal, being back in the city, even for as short a time as he'd been in Afghanistan. Nothing was different, but it all seemed that way.
By the time parents were leaving their sons in the Watsons' care, Sherlock had forgotten all about his reservations when it came to sleeping in the same room as the other boys. Most of John's old friends had fallen out with him after the kissing fiasco the year before, and those that remained had either forgotten about it or realized they were wrong. They may have treated Sherlock like a baby at the start of the party, but now they were laughing at most things he said, and asking him questions about what their younger siblings did in his class.
“How about I just introduce you? Come on, he’s always finding his way into the Restricted Section.” Mike stood and began to make his way through the shelves, and John had no choice but to follow him.
"Mind? Why the fuck would I mind? I’ve got the most brilliant, most attractive boyfriend I could possibly have, not to mention trouble always seems to find him, so I’m never bored."
John stared all around at the birds and the children chasing them. It really was a beautiful day, if a little warm. Better to get out now while the sun was shining, anyway. He shooed a pigeon away.
"We wouldn't have zoos without zookeepers. Or at the very least, they would be much less enjoyable."
“It is news to me. Not everything is as obvious to everyone as it is to you,” John pointed out bitterly.
Sherlock reached under the tree and immediately pulled out a gift marked with John’s name, thrusting it towards him with a smirk that said he knew exactly what was inside.
“That shouldn’t change anything. If anything, that should make things better. He’s your friend despite what his teammates think of you.”
Aaaaand this note got really long, but in my defense, this is the first big project I've finished. I have so many half-finished AUs and WIPs that this is really something unbelievable. Thanks for sharing that with me.
“There aren’t any…” He felt around the curtain before throwing it open to the rest of the small, tiled room in frustration. “…towels. We forgot towels.”
"Positive reinforcement!" he shouted in triumph, earning strange looks from the surrounding students.
At first, he was silent. He just stared at John with wide eyes, looking shocked that he had been betrayed by his own arms. A moment later, there were tears streaming down his face, sobs racking his whole body, and he was clutching the left one, wailing in pain.
John rocked his hips in turn, feeling the build in his gut. He traced a finger up Sherlock's spine. He stopped at his nape and dragged his fingers through curls so cold they almost felt wet.
“Oh, thanks, Mycroft,” John said, trying to sound surprised and failing miserably as he opened the box and pulled out the jumper Sherlock had told him about.
Sherlock squeezed himself between John and the table, somehow managing to balance on his lap without overturning John's tray. He threw his arms around his neck and donned his best doe-eyed pout. "Please."
The match pretty much kept in its downward spiral. Harry spent way too much time on one side of the pitch, while Sally dropped the Quaffle no less than four times and Mary began missing the goalposts completely.
John didn’t have an answer. He didn’t want to have an answer. He curled closer around Sherlock, who tensed ever so slightly.
He went to the kitchen and found a smallish bottle in a cabinet, something that he vaguely remembered getting for Christmas but that he wasn’t too concerned with identifying at the moment. He popped it open and took a long drink, grimacing.
As it turned out, he had seemed to master his body’s reactions to John’s naked one in under an hour, and as he helped the other boy wash his hair he smirked in spite of himself.
The cushions shifted just slightly as he sat, carefully placing himself as far away from John as possible.
As he hung up the phone, he slumped, his mind racing. If John was suggesting he wouldn’t want to come to the match because of Sebastian, he shouldn’t have invited him in the first place. No, this was something else.
Sherlock narrowed and then rolled his eyes, understanding an annoyance seeming to crash down on him simultaneously. “John, do you honestly think I hadn’t deduced it all already?”
Mrs. Holmes chuckled. “Yes, he does tend to be a bit contrary, doesn’t he dear?” she said, turning to her husband, who nodded and smiled. “But John, why don’t you and Sherlock take a seat? The food will be out shortly. It’s a sort of tradition for us to have the boys’ favourites for dinner on their first night back for the holidays.”
As always, comments make my workdays go by faster, and I work all day tomorrow. See you for New Years with the boys!
“Isn’t he sweet,” Moriarty cooed. “I can see why you like having him around. But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. They’re so touchingly loyal. But, oops! You’ve rather shown your hand there, Doctor Watson.”
Finally having removed them, Sherlock slid them along the floor, putting as much distance between the clothing and themselves as possible. John staggered and leaned against the nearest vertical surface, panting. “Jesus. Oh, Christ,” he muttered between heavy breaths that didn’t seem to be doing anything productive.
"So...maybe, someday, when we're no longer able to chase criminals and I can't see through my microscope well enough to justify a toxic kitchen."
John rolled his eyes and sighed, reached out a hand, and twisted the suspect's dominant arm behind him, slamming him against the wall of the building next to them and forcing him to drop his weapon.
sweatshirt, actually--he'd been looking for that. "For the record, I've had a long day, too. Maybe in the morning," he suggested. Sherlock made an affirmative noise. John felt his breathing slowing, his shivers subsiding as he drifted off.
of me. Trust me, this is something I know from experience, remember? I spent years trying to keep a girlfriend, and you know how that turned out." He moved back in to keep snogging, but Sherlock wasn't having it.
It was on his way to Gryffindor Tower that he spotted Sebastian Wilkes headed in the opposite direction. He rolled his eyes and avoided the older boy’s gaze, but it was a trend in John’s life that he was always noticed when he didn’t want to be.
When the all-clear was called and Sherlock got back to the shower, he most certainly did not think of John Watson while having a wank.
John sighed, taking Sherlock’s hands in his own gently and conceding a small smile. “Alright. But don’t you dare try to distract me on Sunday. I really do have to finish that essay.”
John threw his head back. "Sherlock," he breathed, his heart pounding against Sherlock's back. "My God, Sherlock."
"Good shag, was it?" John said, and he and Sherlock collapsed into giggles. It was the first time in his life that Sherlock could have said he almost fell over from laughing so hard.
As unexpected as it was, relief flooded him when he felt familiar lips on his own, one hand on his shoulder and another softly cupping his cheek.
Soon Sherlock had joined him. They sank to the floor and ended up in a heap, breaths heavy and stomachs aching.
The boy's eyes went wide. "I didn't mean anything by it. I just - the way you write about Sherlock in your blog - it seemed like you were...well...I'm sorry."
," John hissed. "Alright. You want to play this game? You've been playing it since he was diagnosed, you insensitive prick. For months, you've been moping around the flat, grumbling about me being at the
"At least you can dress yourself just as well." Sherlock nearly clapped his hand over his mouth as soon as he'd said it, but maintained the clever air he'd just regained.
John, still in wonder at the fact that him being out of the country could be something that Sherlock would overlook, didn’t know how to respond. As it turned out, he didn’t have to.
John grinned and let one of his hands trail down along Sherlock's ribs. Sherlock's breath hitched. That felt much better than he'd expected it to.
These were precisely the reasons Sherlock liked spontaneity, and his moans only sped things along. Before they knew it, John was sinking down to sit on the floor next to where Sherlock still knelt, slack-jawed and wobbly.
"John, if you think I care about the rules, by all means keep talking, but I assure you, I’d rather you just save the trouble of trying to convince me and get some sleep."
Sherlock studied his position and determined that he was tied to something that slowly pulled him further into the lake. He waded in, ignoring the chill as his cloak billowed over the water, and felt for the ropes that he knew must be there, reaching for his wand. “Hold on, I’ll get you out of there.”
There was another note pinned to it, which Sherlock's mother read aloud as well. "'I was absolutely delighted to meet our Sherlock's good friend John at Christmas. I do hope I got his measurements right.'"
John set his jaw, determined. “Come on,” he said, taking Sherlock by the hand and pulling him along to the seventh floor corridor, where he knew there would be a patch of blank wall with a secret that he’d discovered in his first year when he’d needed somewhere to hide from Harry and her friends as they tormented him.
John sat in the armchair and watched them play. He couldn't help but wonder: if these were just a friend's children, what would Sherlock be like with kids of his own? John thought he knew the answer, but also knew that it was out of the question at this point in their lives; they were too caught up in casework, and neither of them were likely to be willing to give up the thrill of the chase anytime soon. John didn't think they would ever be ready for kids of their own. Maybe Uncle Sherlock was the best they would get.
A few moments later, after Wilkes had walked away and Molly had gone for more chips, John leaned in closer to Sherlock. “Thank you so much. I don’t think I could stand another party at that prick’s house.”
It was two weeks into term, and John was already struggling in Potions. It had always been his worst subject, and the fact that Harry had now dropped it in pursuit of a career that didn’t require Potions NEWTs didn’t help, because he was going to have to rely on his own Potions-challenged brain for his OWLs.
He found himself being dragged into an alley and pressed against a wall just as they were rounding a corner.
John just sighed in resignation. “Fine. Just make sure you actually wear those over your eyes, I don’t want to be called back here because you’ve blinded yourself.”
“Then don’t. I still have an open cut on my sole, it would do well to go ahead fixing the mess you’ve made.”
“Dammit, Sherlock, I’m going to bed,” John said, pinching the bridge of his nose before gathering up his things. “Thanks for the help,” he added, his sarcasm extracting a strange look from Holmes.
His eyes were older now, wiser, but still full of life--sparks of mischief and intelligence were permanently etched into them despite their solemnity. John wanted to paint those eyes, which was odd, because he'd never felt the desire to paint anything in his life, but he knew it would be fruitless, because even the most masterful artist would never be able to capture the thing that made them Sherlock's.
“Right,” John murmured against his skin. “Only your mother, who’s just as observant as you, and your brother, the only person who could beat both of you at deductions.”
"Like maybe the fact that I already have a boyfriend?" Sherlock had to resist the pull upward on the corners of his lips. Like always, he was thoroughly enjoying John's sarcasm. "I don't want anyone at uni, Wilkes."
“You’ve have to figure that out on your own,” was the only reply he got before his parents walked away, leaving him glaring after them.
John’s heart sunk like a stone as the dot of another laser sight found its way to rest on Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed in frustration as though this was just what he’d expected. As soon as he regained function of his own limbs, John had no choice but to release Moriarty and back away, arms raised in surrender to the invisible sniper.
"P-perfect." John looked around at the tiny room. "Have you got any ideas about what to do til this blows over?"
They'd awoken that morning without a case, and therefore plenty of leisure time, much to Sherlock's dismay.
That was not entirely true, John thought. He had quite a bit to be afraid of, considering how much Sherlock tended to underestimate the power behind every spell he cast. He was always zapping books from their shelves and causing small explosions as opposed to accomplishing the minor tasks he set out to perform. There was no doubt of his intellect, or his control when it came to particularly advanced magic, but the simple things were always overdone to the point of danger. John didn’t think Sherlock was even aware of the way a casual flick of his wand could send chairs flying across the room.
“Are you sure, Sherlock? You know the match is tomorrow, right? We could both use some rest before, and I don’t know if—”
“Well, I don’t really care what kind of impression I make on you anymore. You’re obviously not interested.”
"Come on," Sherlock muttered, and turned left into a small park. They were walking toward a playground, and John squinted, a distant memory just at the edge of his consciousness.
School would have been uneventful the next day. It would have been unbearably dull if it weren’t for Sherlock’s new ability.
"At first, yes," Sherlock answered, leaning forward to wrap his fingers around John's tie and yank him down for a heated kiss. "But that's not all I want from you, John Watson." His voice had reached the sultry rumble that elicited something of an innate response in John.
“You’ve come the closest. Now you’re in my way.” The unmelodic song was creeping back into the cold but proud voice.
After about fifteen minutes of debating the pros and cons of skipping out on their responsibilities, Sherlock would point out that they needed to leave in twenty if they were going to. John would make a surprised yelp and jump up from the table, headed for the bathroom. Sherlock would casually follow him, and do everything in his power to distract him from the devilishly quick shower he took.
to, I just...bloody hell.” He sighed when his ink bottle spilled over the two lines he’d managed to write.
Sherlock followed Moriarty’s every move as he took his leave, keeping him in his sights and slowly replying: “Catch…you…later.”
His breathing already heavy from laughing, Sherlock struggled to propel himself up John's body by curling his toes and catching his sock feet on the loose blanket. John wasn't about to complain; the maneuver meant Sherlock was dragging his body along John's bit by bit, with the focus of his mission getting out of the pit between John's legs, making his slow ascent that much more rewarding.
"Sherlock?" John said, alarmed to find him losing consciousness. Carefully, he lifted him and carried him the few blocks to his flat, never once stopping, even when Sherlock woke and started slurring through deductions on where he'd been for the past year. Not even when his shoulder began to ache so badly that he thought it would give out completely.
“Fine,” Sherlock sighed. “If you want to rest, we’ll rest. Meet me in the secret passageway on the third floor at ten 0’clock.”
John barely resisted punching him. “Wilkes, why don’t you just piss off? I’m through trying to apologize to you and your whole bloody House.”
Sherlock knew the castle and its passageways better than anyone. He’d dragged John to places he’d never even known existed, secret corridors and secluded spots well-suited for spying—among other things, he noted for future reference.
John looked at the screen of Sherlock's computer monitor--curse the bloody thing, taking up space in a
John marched over, determined, and tugged the sheet back, so that Sherlock's curls bounced in celebration of their freedom.
“Me? Yeah. I’m fine. I’m fine.” He turned to John. “That, er…thing that you…er, that you did. That, um…” He gestured vaguely with the pistol, sighing, for once at a loss for words. “That was…good.”
“I don’t even know her, Wilkes. Perhaps if you paid more attention to your lessons and less to your Whitney Houston shrine, you would’ve noticed yourself.” Sherlock wasn’t sure what had made him say it. It was as though something had pulled the words out of him, and he regretted it instantly. Because if one thing was clear about Sebastian Wilkes, it was his inexplicable power when it came to manufacturing reputations and spreading rumours.
Rather a decent one, John thought. Despite his uncle’s fondness for drink and his aunt’s rather strict guardianship, they were nice people. He hadn’t ever felt lacking in anything. Perhaps a few more children his age would have been nice, but otherwise he had no complaints about the earlier parts of his life. “It was fine.”
(You guys stopped leaving comments. What happened? It makes me sad. With such a momentous moment as the Moriarty reveal, I better get to see a reaction to that...)
His eyes went wide and he turned it over, desperate for some sort of clue as to what this meant, but found nothing but black marks where the ink from the inside had bled through.
to a park. He couldn’t keep himself from asking why as they stepped into the cab and shut the door behind them. With Mycroft in the front seat, the back seat was still crowded, and John found himself half sitting on Sherlock’s lap, and blushing because he was also no more than a foot away from the boy’s parents.
The arm around John's back tensed as Sherlock leaned forward for a kiss. After a moment, he suddenly said, "Do you want children, John?"
Sherlock didn't think he'd ever been so cold in his life. His fingers shook as he typed, his dressing gown was not nearly thick enough, and it didn't seem to matter how many pairs of socks he wore, because his toes were still chilled far beyond the realm of comfort.
He heard his name from somewhere below—probably Lestrade calling for some sort of emergency time-out due to one of his team being aflame. When John looked down, however, he found himself hovering about fifteen feet over a sea of generally neutrally-dressed Ravenclaws.
Short, but solidly built, with a touch of visible muscle, he looked a sight in his plaid boxers, with short, blond hair ruffled round one ear and mouth opened wide in a yawn. He'd been asleep, Sherlock realized, just as he looked at him and smirked.
John waved and continued down the hall to the changing room, where his team would meet for a pre-game snack. Soon after, Sherlock and Molly parted ways, and Sherlock was left to wonder what this rugby match would have in store.
I apologize for my lack of activity. Life got in the way. But I am back with episode 3, and episode 4 is coming very soon--it is this week's episode, after all!
Sherlock's face may as well have been a radish at the memory, and John couldn't help but smile at the image produced by Harry's initial story, the one that had spawned the idea of a ball to begin with. As he'd waited for John in what had been the empty Gryffindor common room, Sherlock's boredom had gotten the best of him, and he was well into what Harry described as "a performance of epic proportions" when she came to the bottom of the stairs.
“Perfect, my boyfriend’s mother would be able to tell as soon as we came out of his room whether we’d just been shagging. That’s exactly what a man likes to hear.”
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed again, grumpily picking up his bag and clearing the cauldron with a sweep of his wand.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock began, standing and dusting himself off. He stopped when he saw John's glare turned on him.
"John, I like your new sleeping bag." It was true. He'd been admiring the glow-in-the-dark stars that covered it while John had been in the bathroom, cupping his hands around his eyes and pressing his face against it in order to see.
“Of course not,” Sherlock replied with a grin. “It shouldn’t be, at least. May taste foul, though,” he went on, shoving John off of him, “so I’d rather we had a wash before we continue.”
women’s underwear, although it wasn’t as though he’d never entertained the idea. The appeal had grown that afternoon as he watched John’s reactions to his insinuations and stored those responses in a special room in his Mind Palace for future reference. He couldn’t wait to experiment under more practical conditions.
“Mason didn’t really seem to mean it ‘all in good fun.’ Not for Sherlock, anyway. In fact, Sherlock gets enough of that at Hogwarts. He doesn’t need it from his family.”
Each response was met with varying degrees of embarrassment--mostly on John's part. But that didn't mean he was going to put a stop to it anytime soon.
“Jim? From the hospital?” When Moriarty moved, Sherlock raised his other hand to steady the gun. “Oh, did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then, I suppose that was rather the point.”
Immediately, Sherlock drew his tongue up the side of his ice cream cone obscenely, catching a drip of vanilla ice cream.
"Morphine. Some cocaine here and there," Sherlock replied, matter-of-factly, but with less of his former bravado.
It took approximately three minutes for Sherlock to pull on one of his ridiculously well-tailored suits and head to the kitchen, where John was just putting a second sandwich down on a plate.
"Yes, it is. But it's somewhat pointless if you don't get out there and do something about it," she whispered as she passed by him, headed toward a punch bowl with a glittering beverage inside.
They were walking past the giraffe enclosure when Sherlock took his hand. That was another thing he loved, holding John's hand while they were out in public. He wanted everybody to know who John was, that they were there together, that his joke was the one that John was laughing at.
Sherlock smirked, catching John's eye for no more than a second as Lestrade approached them, the same awestruck look on his face. When he finally cleared his throat and shook his head, John spoke.
If John had kissed him urgently before, he kissed him sweetly now, with gentle presses of lips to any part of Sherlock’s face that caught his attention. Sherlock kissed back, mirroring everything that John did, hoping to get across everything that John managed to silently convey with his lips, to show that everything he knew that John felt was reciprocated in full, and that there was no activity that he wouldn’t at least tolerate, so long as John was there, but that sex was definitely nowhere on the spectrum of simple ‘toleration,’ no matter what his actions may have implied.
John began the trek up to Gryffindor tower from the dungeons, wishing he could take Sherlock with him. But even without school rules getting in his way, there was Moran, who he still didn’t trust completely.
John didn't reply, just raised an eyebrow and, anticipating the difficulty of tying a strong knot with his sprained wrist, scooted up Sherlock's body so that he was straddling his chest, and used his teeth to tighten the tie around his wrists. As he was leaned over, Sherlock cheekily nipped at the bits of his abdomen that were exposed when his shirt rode up.
"I thought I'd keep Sherlock company while he was stuck outside," John countered, an eyebrow cleverly raised.
“Then bloody hell, yes!” John laughed, and Sherlock smiled one of his rare genuine smiles before capturing John’s mouth again, a hand flying to the zip of his trousers.
John didn’t say anything. She bloody well knew it did. “I just wanted to put together the club to spend some time practicing defense, that’s all.”
John heard Lestrade's voice from his mobile, but couldn't answer, too focused on keeping his breaths regulated.
“Sherlock, what are we doing out here?” John hissed, the light from his wand illuminating the path before them and glancing off stones and fallen leaves wet from that afternoon’s storm.
It was incredible, waking up in John's flat on Sundays. The morning routine, instead of its usual rush, turned into a sort of ritual that lasted hours before they finally made it out for lunch at one of the places within walking distance. Hours in bed, followed by as much of the hot water they could take before it went cold, and playfully dressing each other made Sunday mornings with John an absolute delight.
Shoulders slumped, he stared at the surface of the water in confusion. He thought about the last few girls who had tried to be John's girlfriend. Each one had been gone by the end of the second week. He'd thought it was the fault of John being fourteen--not many young teenagers were successful in relationships, as far as Sherlock had seen. But now that he thought about it, he recalled their reasons for ending it. There had been Nora, whose favorite shirt was ruined by one of Sherlock's impromptu experiments in the garden--one that John had actively participated in. Then it was the girl with the big nose whose parents were getting a divorce and left crying when Sherlock mentioned it. A month ago it was Jeanette, the one from John's English class who had flat out told John it was over because he skived off with Sherlock when they were supposed to be seeing a movie. There hadn't been anyone since, and Sherlock was happier than he had been in a while. That was, until they arrived at the party and he saw Isabelle Smith hanging all over John.
John backed away from his sister and turned to the ladder up to the monkey bars. Without another word, he defiantly climbed it, grabbed onto the first crossbar, swung forward, and promptly fell on his behind.
“At least he’ll have the courtesy to get everything out before the fires,” she said as she helped John heft his suitcase into the boot of a taxi.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, shocked. Then, just as suddenly as if they’d been struck by lightning, they were both laughing airily, unaware of the giggles from some nearby girls who had watched them from the moment John had sat down.
"Please, she thinks you're brilliant. A little mad at times, and a bit of an arse, but brilliant. Of course," John continued, managing to lift his head gently against the hand at his nape, "she doesn't think nearly as highly of you as you deserve."
“I know, it’s all in good fun. But if anyone catches you, sorry mate, I’m not sticking my neck out for that.”
Instead, it was John's turn to blush, and as Sherlock saw it spreading across his cheeks, he felt a sense of pride. He'd made John Watson smile nervously, he'd made the blood rush to his cheeks. It was the single most important achievement of his life.
“No, don’t be. Harry and I weren’t really old enough to remember them. We were sent to live with our great uncle. Funny guy, but he was a drunk. Dunno how Aunt Edith put up with him.”
"Mycroft!" John said in greeting, panic making him overly friendly. He hopped up, but then hovered with nowhere to actually go.
A gleaming, silver swarm of bees swooped about the room, filled every corner, silently zipping about with a determined air. They surrounded them, the entire chamber shining with the light of a million little spots of energy. Sherlock’s jaw dropped as John spun around, laughing and twirling through the silver cloud. It illuminated every curve of his face, made his eyes sparkle like they had under the stars. Sherlock gasped before chasing him down and holding him in a tight embrace, practically lifting him off his feet.
“I’m serious, John. I can read all sorts of people, know who they are and where they’ve been at a glance, but I’m complete rubbish at understanding how they interact.”
“It definitely is not okay, John! You’re sixteen years old, you’re not supposed to age backwards. Of course this would happen. Of
"Of course I am. Although, I'd clear out before Moran gets back, if I were you. He's not too keen on John's being so close with you."
John raised an eyebrow. It was his turn to smirk knowingly. "Victoire, huh? Look out, I hear she's part veela."
“Yeah, okay, I did,” Jim conceded immediately. “But the flirting’s over, Sherlock, Daddy’s had enough now!”
“What am I going to do when I don’t get to wake up to your face right there anymore?” John asked as they broke away from a drawn-out, luscious kiss.
Sherlock was walking out of class when his phone began to vibrate. He stopped when he saw an unfamiliar number and stared at it for a few seconds before answering.
When he was gone, Sherlock dressed much more slowly than usual. He stared at his microscope, but didn't touch it. He played a few notes on his violin before getting the feeling that the flat was too empty to play to without John at least listening in the periphery. He even started to dial Mycroft, but decided against it. Eventually, he dragged on his coat and took a walk.
"You're going to have to teach me that," Sherlock muttered when they'd finally stumbled into the sitting room.
John furrowed his brow and decided to try and sleep. Which was nearly impossible, knowing that Sherlock wasn’t acting like a prat for the benefit of everyone at home. When he did sleep, it was fitful, and he awoke the next morning with the taste of a forgotten nightmare still on his lips.
The eagerness with which Sherlock kissed him was as endearing as it was arousing. The contrasting sensations of his heart fluttering lightly and blood rushing hotly through his veins sent him into a frenzy which left him clawing at Sherlock’s shoulder blades, the silk of his dressing gown sliding under his fingers and long, wheezing breaths stuttering.
“They’re beautiful,” John continued, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder and marveling at the bees even as Sherlock’s arms crushed his middle.
“No, not that one,” he said as John opened it, revealing a startling array of potions in small glass vials, labeled meticulously.
The pain in Sherlock’s eyes spread rapidly, making him seem younger and more vulnerable. John couldn’t take it—he pulled open his jacket to reveal the explosives beneath, and he could breathe just a little bit easier when Sherlock’s notion that he’d somehow been deceived visibly drained from his features and left room for not relief, but what looked like indifferent understanding.
“Well, yeah. I guess. I mean…we kissed. Or, I kissed him. But he seemed okay with it. We’re going into Hogsmeade together.”
Great start. I procrastinated an assignment and started falling asleep at my laptop. Anyway, see you tomorrow!
“You haven’t sent me any owls.” The chill in Sherlock’s voice was a solid reminder to John of who his brother was.
Sherlock knew exactly why McGonagall had been so keen to allow such a simple request as this. After what happened last year, she owed John whatever he desired. John's blush deepened at the look Sherlock shot him.
"Or make you worse." John chuckled. "You know, I don't know that either of us really has any say in it. It's in your DNA."
“She was fine on the plane. I don’t know what—” He cut himself off and turned to Sherlock, who smiled one of his rare, bright smiles.
Three boxes, three kisses, increasingly tender. Sherlock grinned with a certain playful twinkle in his eyes. "You're a fine dancer. How could you scare me like that?" His grip on John's waist tightened. "Can you turn?"
“Yes, sure, fine,” Sherlock replied, waving a hand dismissively and disappearing back into John’s room.
"Alright. But you're going tomorrow. No excuses. You promised your mum you'd go to uni, how are you going to ever get there if you're not going to class?"
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to find a way in, but the entrance he found was by no means easily accessible to anyone shorter than Sherlock himself. John was pondering the likelihood of actually securing a firm grip on the sill that Sherlock had effortlessly hoisted his lanky form over when a pair of hands reached down and grasped his wrists. With Sherlock’s help, he climbed the wall and ducked through the window.
Don't misunderstand, he was over the moon about it. When John had taken his hand in the corridor and asked, "Is this alright?" his heart had leapt like he didn't know it could. But there was a nagging sensation at the back of his mind. Why had John taken his hand in the first place? Why him?
When that moment did come, Sherlock talked very quickly about all of the things they were going to do that day before quite suddenly falling silent and staring into the smallest of his cauldron collection. John shook his head. There was no way he was pulling Sherlock away for at least an hour, and there was surely something he could do until then.
"I’ll let you take care of him, Professor, I promise, just—let me find out what he’s up to first. I don’t know the extent of it, and he could be behind all sorts of things. If you let him know you're onto him, he may cut all of those ties. He clearly doesn't like getting his hands dirty, so there can't be a lot of evidence out there to say he's behind some things, but there's a reason my brother put me on this case. Please, just…let me find that evidence."
John thought long and hard about that one before realizing he'd never studied it. "That's not going to be on our OWLs."
“Oh, hell, what does it matter?" he groaned. "Why are you so obsessed with this Quidditch nonsense?"
“Obvious. Stamford and I were talking about the possibility of me occupying my mind by helping a lesser one earlier today, and then he comes along with an athletic Gryffindor whose whole manner of standing with his shoulders slumped suggests stress over an assignment, possibly the Potions essay due tomorrow.”
“Much,” John answered when he felt Sherlock relax against him, no longer trembling. He barely registered the other boy’s hand massaging small circles between his shoulder blades. He could feel sleep coming, but as appealing as it was after a long week of late nights studying, he didn’t want to lose consciousness if he could help it.
Exams weren’t normally a problem. They were simply written and easily sidestepped with a few fancy words and general knowledge of the material.
"Harry's having trouble with Emily. A while back she asked me to help her put together a nice dinner for the two of them. Wasted weekend, I'd say. They're worse than ever."
“Well, per-perhaps,” he conceded as John moved closer, still cupping his shoulder and now moving in for a kiss.
John tried and failed to imagine Moran with that maniac Moriarty in the way that Sherlock implied. Perhaps because he didn't actually want to imagine it; there were far more pleasant things to do when lying next to Sherlock Holmes than imagining a pair of psychopaths going at it in some dark corner of the castle. So John turned his attention back to his boyfriend and used the extra space that Sherlock had commandeered on his side of the bed to his advantage, throwing a leg over to straddle his thighs.
I'm down on my knees in an explosive tube carriage, begging for forgiveness. You have until next week to tell me how you feel.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, just gave him a dark look that held in it the threat of walking away and letting his cut get infected if John didn’t drop the subject.
They didn't catch whatever she said after that, because John was following right on the tails of Sherlock's billowing cloak, back to Hogsmeade.
“There’s nothing I can do about your clumsiness. The fact is, Sherlock, you’re a danger to everyone you meet. A ticking timebomb.”
Sherlock’s gloved hand brushed aside the debris of autumn and slowly lifted a purple ribbon to John’s eye level. He studied it, sniffed it, twisted it in his fingers. Then he handed it to John and turned back toward the castle.
No, he would just have to think of something else, he thought as the line moved forward. Did it work that way? If he was thinking of something other than Moriarty when faced with the boggart, would it change into something else?
“He’s been bored. Not had a case for ages,” John answered for him, and Sherlock sighed in agreement as he seemed to reluctantly enjoy his meal.
of chocolates should I get her, though?" John muttered, flabbergasted. This was clearly not a problem he had foreseen.
“John!” he heard the familiar voice shout again, but this time he recognized it as that of his tutor. “John, can you fly a little closer?”
When they entered the old flat, John actually took a step back at the mess. It was more cluttered than ever before, with a layer of dust in places that Mrs. Hudson clearly hadn't been able to reach for months.
"I'll say," John agreed, slamming his copy of Netter's Atlas shut and dropping it on the desk in front of him. He stood and made his way to the sofa, placing a hand on Sherlock's forehead. "How about we do something today? Just the two of us."
“Watson,” Sally Donovan said as he entered the common room. He’d made Sherlock wait in the nearest corridor. Part of him hoped he would get bored and leave. A frighteningly large part of him worried that he would.
John, however, was the picture of how a man should look in a formal setting. His tie and jacket were pristine, his hair tidy with each strand in place, his shoes practically mirrors. Sherlock had to physically restrain himself by gripping the edge of the table they occupied. He wanted to tear that jacket from John's shoulders, wanted his tie to hang loose around his neck after being thoroughly snogged right in front of every prim old benefactor in attendance. He wanted sex hair, goddammit!
“But if you’re sitting around with me while I’m eating, then…couldn’t you use that time to eat something yourself?”
A vaguely familiar voice babbled excitedly about Sherlock, but John had trouble understanding him through the ringing in his head. The bump his head had taken from the butt of a pistol wasn’t doing anyone any favors.
Sherlock's hysteria was catching, and John was shaking with the effort of not breaking down into sobs.
“I do. And I would tell you to save it for tomorrow if I didn’t know that Mycroft is going to give you an even better one.”
"I thought I should get you," Mike Stamford said softly, obviously shaken himself. Out of breath, too—he'd run all the way to the greenhouses and back. Fleetingly, Sherlock wondered how long he'd been on the floor.
John touched the ears atop his head gingerly, as though they were something he was going to burn when the pageant was over. Sherlock thought he just might join him. "How long until we're on?"
John studied the flecks of green and silver for what seemed like the millionth time, but was still just as mesmerizing as the first, when, in the hall at school, he'd been overcome with the urge to kiss Sherlock for the first time as his boyfriend, and he'd pulled away to see wonder and innocence and pure, unadulterated joy in those ridiculous eyes of his.
"Doesn't matter," Sherlock growled. "You should always be ready"--he slapped him again--"to suffer the consequences."
At the sight of Sherlock’s watery smile, Mrs. Holmes nudged her husband, who raised his eyebrows and blinked.
“Bloody Sherlock Holmes,” John grumbled as he pulled on his robes. The trip to McGonagall’s office had somehow turned into a chase, which had somehow revealed that Polly Winston had been kidnapped and replaced by a Polyjuice-drinking psychopath. John had been a little lost, swept up in the thrill of it all. However, he would be lying if he said he didn't resent being awake as late as he was. He’d been relieved when Sherlock had managed to disarm the imposter, and he was grateful for the Ravenclaw’s quick skill when a Stunning Spell had been aimed at his head, but it didn’t change the fact that he’d been kept up until two in the morning being questioned by a Ministry official.
Oh, he's bitter about something, Sherlock thought. He watched him, looking for answers. Family drama. Need more data.
Teddy smiled toothlessly. He was at the mirror, teasing hair at the crown of his head as it faded from a dark plum color to a pretty lilac. "Fair point. Listen, speaking of which, I'm meeting Victoire Weasley by the lake. Don't be surprised if I'm in a little late."
He sprinted up the stairs, dodged the door on the landing, and stopped dead at the sight of the square of paper in the middle of the table, twitching in the wind from the open window, but ultimately weighed down by the words on the page.
Sherlock didn’t mind. If he did, he would’ve magicked them ages ago. It was nice to be able to eavesdrop on Mycroft whenever he wished, and he could care less what sounds Mycroft heard from his bedroom. But John wasn’t likely to feel the same way.
say she does, then I'm not gonna doubt it." John took the box from Sherlock's hand and headed to the checkout. Sherlock followed him, a package of John's favorite jelly babies in tow.
On the way home, Sherlock pulled out the packet and handed it to John, who tore it open in delight and offered one to Sherlock.
“You seem to have produced a lemur. Before it was transformed to better fit the décor of the mortal realm, this vase was originally a bone taken from the upper leg of a human skeleton, otherwise known as—”
Harry approached, her hair recently freed from an updo that hadn't lasted long. "Hello, John. Sherlock. Lovely evening."
“Right! Well, right near the picnic, there was a nest of salamanders, just off to the right there. And of course, Sherlock went after the things. Got some nasty burns along his arm, poor dear.”
"John. John!" he called as he approached them. He didn't see the older boys roll their eyes or hear them groan as he tugged on John's sleeve.
His predictions could not have been more spot-on, though, and as the match ended and the team celebrated, Sherlock strode over to John at the edge of the mob.
"Fine, erm..." Sherlock thought about everything he had ever deduced about Sarah. Her musical preferences, her family life, even her grandfather's fondness for pipe tobacco. He couldn't recall ever having noticed any particular sweets she favored, except that he remembered her going on about coconut one night when John was supposed to be spending time with him and she'd showed up to his house unannounced. In that instant, he spotted a box of coconut-flavored chocolates and picked it up. "Doesn't she like coconut?"
John nudged him and they leaned together far enough for a covert whisper to be heard. “Something tells me your rivalry with your cousins goes deeper than your sibling rivalry.”
“Maybe,” John replied, then soon added, “Maybe not.” He did up the last button before he turned to Sherlock and continued to tease him. “You don’t? I mean, it is rather domestic, and you being—”
He rested a finger on the tiniest of freckles near Sherlock's temple. He held on to his ear lobe for a moment before moving on to his lips. He was rewarded by a swift kiss to the palm of his hand, and he mentally added Patrick Swayze to the list of people he felt like he needed to thank for the best things in his life.
In fact, as soon as he and Sherlock had said good night to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and carried their new things upstairs, John set to work reducing the smug bastard to a puddle.
. What Greg didn't know--but John did--was that not only was it the first movie that they had ever interrupted to make out, but that Sherlock also had a bit of a thing for Patrick Swayze.
John scooted a bit closer. “Molly’s right, you know.” His voice was soft, now. Despite something as ridiculous as truth flake, John was being completely serious.
"Oi, watch your language, Watson, there are children present." John whipped around. Sebastian Wilkes stood a few feet away, smirking at Sherlock.
“And then more cake for dessert,” Sherlock continued, once it was clear he had John’s approval in making the joke.
It was Sherlock’s turn to settle into the position of storyteller with a sigh. “When I was nine years old, I still hadn’t shown any signs of magic. I threw tantrums all the time—”
Instead of questioning his tone, she sighed and turned to walk back up the stairs. “Don’t get into any trouble, please, dear. People might forget you’re a Prefect if you get yourself put in detention.”
“So…you’re going into Hogsmeade tomorrow?” John asked after a particularly entertaining study session in their usual empty dungeon classroom one night. As soon as John had finished packing up his books, Sherlock had turned to the cauldron of foul-smelling, blue-grey potion that he had brought with him.
“Something’s happening with the teachers,” Sherlock went on, seeming to struggle with the words. “They’re not acting quite normally. Even some of the students are acting…odd. Polly Winston, for instance.”
Sherlock looked as though he was going to say something even snarkier, and so John elbowed him sharply, fearing what a punishment for Sherlock might mean for him. He didn’t think he could take wandering around this huge house all alone again. In fact, he’d been hoping to spend some time with Sherlock in his room, now that the experiment had been restored and he wouldn’t be so distracted.
John groaned and watched as Greg fruitlessly tried to calm the two girls. Eventually, he’d had enough.
“What’s so funny?” their landlady said, showing up in the entryway between the kitchen and the sitting room.
," it mouthed, and Sherlock's shoulders slumped. All potentially humourous ideas had flown from his head the moment it had moved—
John ran into Sherlock on his way to the third floor and greeted him with a cautious kiss. “Hello, love.”
Have a lovely two weeks, unless you're reading this after the first of August 2014. Regardless, I'll see you when the next chapter loads. Or...you know...uploads.
"No, it's...it's fine, it's just that I've a boyfriend, and I don't much think he'd appreciate it. Also, I don't think you'd much appreciate it if I led you on, considering I'm gay in the first place."
"Myc, let him in," Mrs. Holmes insisted. She appeared in the doorway herself, and although she did not look on John unkindly, there was a grimness there that he wasn't even sure was meant for him.
John’s brow furrowed. Did the man actually think he was still in London? He slid his phone back into his pocket, deciding not to bother with Sherlock Holmes again until they were back under the same roof.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slid the strap from the goggles off his head. “Come on. They’ll be waiting.”
John hesitated. "I used the wrong incantation for the jelly-legs jinx. Sorry." The look in John's eyes told him something else. He glanced at the other students surrounding them, and Sherlock understood: someone had interfered in their dueling practice.
“Eh, that’s alright, mate,” Harry put in. “Christmas holidays coming up, I’m sure you can’t wait to get away from lessons.”
bad, I suppose,” Sherlock sighed. “Except for Aunt Wendy and her two children. They’re a waste of air, if you ask me.”
There were steps to this dance, and admittedly it was always less of a "dance" to begin with. Sleep-mussed hair and bleary eyes, Sherlock glaring at John for waking him up, John trudging to the kettle and drowsily flipping it on before he'd filled it with water--they were ungraceful and uncoordinated in their sleepiness.
“No time to explain. Lestrade, tell McGonagall. She won’t listen to me after the…incident last year.”
"Well, that’s good. Wouldn’t want the attraction to be too one-sided." Sherlock smirked at his own words and nipped at John’s ear lobe. He drew his knee up between John’s legs, slowly pressing himself against him.
Although when they reached the hospital wing an irritable Madam Pomfrey, after giving them each a quick once-over and deciding nothing vital was missing or damaged, assigned them two separate beds, Sherlock almost immediately commandeered half of John’s when she left the ward.
Lestrade paused, eyeing him curiously. “Yeah, well. It better not.” He threw John his broom. “You might need this,” he added, then led the team from the room.
Wendy was the first to gather herself. Mrs. Holmes was still beaming with pride as her sister said, “I’m sorry, Sherlock, but what on earth do you mean? Mason was simply making conversation with your John about that funny business when you were inclined to believe that servants should be intelligent. How am I to understand that he was insulting you?”
Sherlock waited impatiently, and when he finally heard John's knock, he practically leapt to the door in a single bound.
Half an hour later, he was being interrupted again, this time by Mike Stamford. “What do you want, Mike?” he sighed, his patience wearing thin.
It ended the way it always did. Sherlock, after driving John completely mad, declared that he was bored, and that if they weren’t going to go any further, he would rather check up on his experiments and receive his gift from John. Then he hurried from the room, and John had no choice but to follow.
Sherlock stared in horror at the man his father had been talking to, the man John was now reaching for.
John’s laugh came out more as a contented sigh. “Then I suppose I can’t be too far behind.” Sherlock’s circles became more and more slack until they disappeared entirely. His breathing became heavy and lazily puffed at the hair onJohn’s crown.
“Perhaps if I went up to get him?” John suggested, and mounted the stairs. He’d awoken that morning much as he had on other occasions, with Sherlock nowhere to be found. He wasn’t worried; there was no telling where Sherlock had gone to play his violin, or perhaps sit and think. He only hoped he was in his room now, dragging his feet just to annoy his mother.
"Oh, I already know I’m brilliant, and that you’re particularly attracted to dangerous situations, but I’m ‘attractive’? Really?"
John let him, clearly afraid to do otherwise. Sherlock smiled at the thought, an actual, genuine smile.
"Sherlock?" John almost stilled, but Sherlock's response was to grunt indignantly and push back, so he kept going. "Sherlock, are you alright?"
He put down his fork. “Alright, Harry. Fine. It was a date. I went on a date with Sherlock Holmes, and I’m meeting him again later. Don’t ask about it ever again.”
He was just closing the door, fresh towels in hand, when he turned and came face-to-face with Mycroft, who took one look at the towels that were clearly too many for one person and raised his eyebrows.
Sherlock felt beneath the water, and sure enough, there was something feeling suspiciously like a tentacle wrapped around John’s ankle, as well as slippery rope bound tightly around his waist.
No one answered, and he opened his eyes fully to see that Harry had closed the door to the compartment behind her and was now probably headed back to her friends at the front of the train.
Sherlock almost tossed his mic away when he put a hand on John's hip and started to actually dance. He tried to lead, but mostly ended up having trodden all over John's feet. They twirled and sang, giggling through the lyrics.
John smiled as he pulled off his jumper and started unbuttoning his shirt, headed toward the sound of the running tap. He'd barely made it out of his pants before Sherlock's hand stuck out and pulled him under the spray with such force that he almost didn't have the presence of mind to step over the shower's ledge.
“Nothing, John,” he replied, quickly folding up the parchment and stuffing it into his jacket pocket.
"Mmm, not quite, but if you insist," Sherlock responded. John retaliated for the cheeky answer by taking Sherlock's cock in hand and giving it one long, hard stroke.
“Sherlock,” he said as they walked, pulling their cloaks tight around them against the late autumn chill.
“Why haven’t you?” Sherlock definitely wasn’t one to deny himself the finer pleasures in life, particularly when those pleasures had to do with breaking and entering. John had caught him trying to guess the password to the Gryffindor common room the night before. Unfortunately, Professor McGonagall was well-suited to thinking up passwords that even the great Sherlock Holmes had trouble deducing. John had found him shouting abuse at the Fat Lady, presumably to vent his frustration with his fruitless efforts.
Sherlock cursed himself. He'd forgotten about Halloween. Of course John had plans, he actually had friends. And what had he been thinking anyway, that John would want to spend time with him? That he would want to go on a date with him?
John tried to suppress his laughter. "Yeah, it really is. But I think it would be better if Sherlock tried it on."
By the time lunch rolled around, Sherlock was bouncing from place to place, oozing the confidence of a man who knew exactly what was going on around him. He sat next to Molly, and when he mentioned the surprise exam on the horizon, he turned before John could tap him on the shoulder, taking the boy by surprise and silently rejoicing when, in a brilliant turn of events, John’s cheeks went red instead of his own.
They weren’t outside for long before John noticed the cold. He sighed and shivered. His coat was still on the floor, and there was no way he was going back in there. He tried to ignore the unseasonable chill, but the temperature had fallen even more since he’d been dragged inside.
“Is it?” Mrs. Holmes turned to John. “Well, we’ll have to have a special dinner then, too, won’t we? What’s your favourite dish, dear?”
It was a lot longer walk down that aisle than he remembered, with everyone in his immediate vicinity staring at him. He tried to block out their fond smiles as he walked, and nearly tripped over his aunt's handbag that was sitting in the aisle.
Sherlock reached over and picked up the phone, sitting firmly on the suspect's shoulder blades, and held it to his ear. "Lestrade, if you're not here in ten minutes, you might have to arrest
John didn’t know what was more shocking, the fact that Ernie didn’t know how to get to a park or that they were actually
“Likely because they think the matters of children are petty. You’re only asking to avoid embarrassment with your peers,” Mycroft clarified.
When Sherlock pulled away, all of John's unspoken questions about the meaning of "married to my work," about how long Sherlock had felt this way, were answered in his eyes.
The looks he got as he entered the school ranged from startled to confused. He sped through the halls, searching desperately for any sign of his mother or father. The whole way, John chirped and clapped. At one point, he grabbed ahold of Sherlock’s hair and pulled, hard.
It was becoming increasingly difficult for John not to raise his voice. "Why are you doing this, Sherlock?"
"Yes, but there are people to take care of the roads there. Not to mention actual roads to take care of. And getting snowed in at home is very different from being stuck in a tiny cabin with a frustrated Sherlock Holmes."
Greg, on the sidelines, was surprised Sherlock knew that song at all, let alone the majority of the moves from
Sherlock scoffed, but didn't argue. Lucy handed him a baby doll and a blanket for him to swaddle it with.
"He's your best friend," Mrs. Holmes pointed out when Sherlock announced that he wasn't going to the party at all.
“Not to mention you’d need an escape plan if you happened to get yourself caught in some sort of burglar’s trap.”
"Goodnight, John. Go to sleep," Sherlock slurred. John smiled fondly at that lisp he so loved, peeking out as Sherlock neared unconsciousness.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I thought you were supposed to be the doctor here. It’s generally accepted that doctors are supposed to be health-conscious, not the
The rest of the meal was generally more enjoyable without Wendy’s looming presence. Wilson and Mr. Holmes joked with each other while Sherlock’s grandmother watched them, unimpressed, and Molly giggled at their antics. Uncle Andrew eventually slumped over and began snoring, much to the amusement of everyone else at the table. Sherlock actually ate dinner, cleaned his previously untouched plate, and even took his cracker and donned the hat with relish, which told John how much he enjoyed being rid of Wendy and her whole pompous entourage.
Someone cleared her throat, and John found himself following Mrs. Holmes’s example of swallowing his laughter as a woman that could only be her twin approached. Trailing behind her were two teenagers in matching green robes and a man wearing a similarly colored tie. John was actually alarmed at how much Mrs. Holmes’s eyes contrasted with her warm smile.
Much to John's frustration, Sherlock played the trick with the dripping ice cream as much as he could until the last bit could be sucked out of the cone like a vacuum.
The first week they spent back at Hogwarts was, for Sherlock, utter torture. If he was being completely honest with himself, he had lost interest in Moriarty, so there was very little to distract him from not being able to drag John up to his bedroom any time he felt like it. Perhaps that was why the ongoing case was boring him—he spent every spare moment thinking up more and more far-fetched ways to sneak up to Gryffindor Tower, a much more pressing matter to him at the moment.
The look Sherlock gave John in that moment was completely foreign. Instead of a mask of indifference, John was startled to see every negative human emotion cross deep in his eyes, namely fear, concern, and enraged sadness. Most of all, there was a question there, a childish request for permission. John nodded very slightly as if to say, “I trust you. Whatever you’re planning on doing, I trust you.”
Mycroft appeared from the cupboard as before. “What do I do if someone’s eaten truth flake by accident?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock had never seen John angry, so he wasn’t sure if he was actually upset with him. He actually seemed more confused than anything. “Fine. Alright. I do have an explanation, but it’s pretty unbelievable.”
John smiled at the befuddled look on Sherlock’s face. They reached the gate, and he reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. “And I’m going on a date with Sherlock Holmes.”
Mike shook his head. "Hasn't been in for ages. I thought maybe he had one added on to your flat," he laughed.
John nestled in close, letting the smell and feel of Sherlock drag him out of the cold and into sleep.
When John finished, he sat back and admired his work for a moment before looking down at Sherlock's intrigued expression. "No hands at all," he said simply.
And thus begin the holidays. I promise Sherlock doesn't spend them in a sulk. After all, John's there with him.
"Yes it is. You're going to Madam Pomfrey. You won't be there long, and she'll probably just send you back up to Ravenclaw Tower."
It had been ages since Harry had come round, and although John couldn't say he was looking forward to it, he was certainly not going to let that stop him from enjoying time in the kitchen with Sherlock.
McGonagall nodded. "Very well, then. I shall speak with you later. In the meantime"—she glanced at the two of them, then the door with its eagle-shaped knocker, then back—"please get yourselves to the hospital wing. A run-in with the giant squid is hardly something that should go unchecked."
Harry laughed and mimicked his serious demeanor. “‘I’m so sorry, Professor. He flew right into the path of a Bludger. That broom’s too quick for his own good.’” Everyone joined her at the memory, recalling how John had sent the Ravenclaw captain to the hospital wing sobbing, and how he’d made off with nothing more than a stern look from the headmistress.
It was nice of Greg to invite them to his pool party, Sherlock knew, but he still wasn't overly fond of the stares he got from the older kids there. He'd only because John and Greg were rugby friends, and Sherlock and John were
"What? Sherlock, we've been together a year and known each other our entire lives. If anything, it took us
“Here, you can hold John’s hand until I’m done,” Mrs. Holmes said, and John immediately reached out for Sherlock’s.
John couldn't find words. He just sat with a strange smile on his face, brow furrowed, trying to figure out where this conversation was going and worrying vaguely whether he'd fallen in love with a sociopath. "It's nothing."
, nothing he wouldn’t do for Sherlock, who as far as he was concerned was even more perfect than his mouth.
John looked stumped. He looked like he was questioning everything he'd said up to now, wondering why he'd said used those particular words and kicking himself for not sounding more clever, and it struck a dangerously hopeful chord in Sherlock, one that was quickly drowned out with the voices he'd heard every day since primary school, the ones that told him he wasn't good enough, that he would never be normal enough to have friends, and that no one outside his family would ever love him. He hadn't heard those voices since starting at uni, but he hadn't experienced anything to the contrary either, save Victor, and so he took those voices as gospel.
He was lying forlornly on the sofa when John approached with a sheet from their bed and laid it over him. "Are you going to eat anything?"
When they returned to the party half an hour later, it was just a minute to midnight. Mycroft glared, handing each of them a glass of champagne. "Hope you didn't ruin anyone's coat," he remarked drily.
And here we are with another chapter. I'll try to keep posting every other week, probably typically on Thursday or Friday. While you wait, though, you can go check out my friend
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock shouted when he opened the door. She scurried around the corner in her dressing gown. Upon spotting the two of them sharing Sherlock’s coat, she took a step back in wonder and smiled.
Wendy’s tinkling laugh filled the room in an unpleasant way, making the back of John’s neck prickle. “Oh, John, you haven’t seen these two at it. They’re constantly calling each other names. It’s all in good fun.”
“Mind you, I wouldn’t doubt it,” Sherlock’s uncle put in from Sherlock’s left, picking up right where Aunt Wendy had left off. After more than a few drinks, the man had opened right up. It was all John could do to keep a straight face as the beginnings of his sentences began to slur a bit. “Your mother,” he went on conspiratorially to Sherlock, “was the best in the class. Helped your father out from time to time, he was rubbish at Charms.”
Sherlock nodded and headed to the table in the corner, next to the window. Soon, John joined him, two cones in hand.
He paused briefly on the stairs and shook his head. He never would have missed an opportunity to turn down Potions before he met Sherlock. Christ, had Sherlock turned his life upside-down.
That was when the dancing began. When Sherlock was at the mirror, combing his hair, John was below him at the sink, brushing his teeth. Sherlock twirled toward the cupboard to hand John a towel as he began to shave. John would scoff as Sherlock decided it was the perfect opportunity to empty his bladder, with the toilet right next to him. Sherlock would end up crouched beneath John as he hurriedly shaved, brushing his own teeth in turn.
"I didn't know, I noticed. You've had minor cuts and burns attended to recently. Your wand arm is slightly more tense than the other, and your walk has acquired a slight...swagger that it didn't have before. All the signs of an Auror-to-be. So tell me, when did you begin training?"
“Well, he…honestly, I don’t really remember. I just remember the way he looked at me. Like I was some sort of…solution.”
More and more, though, he found himself enjoying the big cats. He knew why; it wasn't like he would ever deny that John's fascination with them was as adorable as it was fascinating in itself. He was grateful for the privilege of watching John watch tigers being trained with eyes wide like they didn't belong to a 22-year-old medical student.
They sat in silence until the cab arrived, then ushered each other into it. John had left his cane behind in the alley, proving that Ella was at least right about some things, but also making things rather more difficult at the moment. His shoulder still burned, and he cursed the past year, cursed his decision to leave Baker Street in the first place, his addiction to danger, the things Sherlock's absence had done to him...the things his absence had done to Sherlock.
When they entered the dining room, John suddenly became conscious of where their hands were joined; every point of skin that touched made him sweat a bit more, and it didn’t help when Mycroft looked up from that evening’s
“It is, though,” John insisted. “It’s like when I met you I didn’t think you could be any different from any other new student.” He stopped, then looked at Sherlock, confused. “I don’t know why I just said that.”
“And what do you expect me to do about that?” Sherlock countered, the slightest trace of panic weaving itself into the words.
, he'd had you so brainwashed that you shoved me on the playground for kissing you. Your entire life has been a messy attempt to keep your loving relationship a secret from your father. Congratulations, you've succeeded, and now you can get on with your life. So I'm sorry if I'm not too torn up about him being gone."
Sherlock's sigh was more of a groan, but he reached over the edge of the four-poster and retrieved them.
Everyone tumbled in, intent on at least one more stop before calling it a night. That was when they noticed the stage, the screen, and the middle-aged drunk woman belting into a microphone.
Greg chuckled as they approached the place. "At least get inside the building before you start getting each other off."
“If your sniper pulls that trigger, Mr. Moriarty, then we both go up,” John growled. Although he was sure it was something the man had worked out for himself, there was a sort of savage satisfaction that ripped through him as he said the words aloud.
John fit seamlessly into the ranks of the jousters. Sherlock had somehow acquired the proper armour, and as long as he stayed quiet, he was confident the others wouldn't be tipped off. He just hoped Sherlock would be finished looking over the place before he actually had to charge a horse at someone. He had bumped into one of the knights, but it was no issue: he'd patted John on the shoulder and gone on his way.
Of course, none other than Sebastian Wilkes decided to turn up at that moment. He greeted John jovially. “John! How are you?”
"John," Sherlock said suddenly, breaking him from his reverie, but still never breaking eye contact.
"First date. They're playing footsie under the table, but it's a bit awkward. Been friends for a few years, pining for each other almost as long."
good," John said. His voice was high and breathy, and his back arched as he began to thrust. His head caught on Sherlock's rim once or twice, drawing small whimpers from him. He kept his hand on Sherlock's cock, pumping it at the same tempo, letting his thumb periodically graze the slit and catch the beads of fluid that gathered there.
“Your family isn’t that bad,” John said to Sherlock once they were alone in his bedroom, pulling on pyjamas.
Delia sat up as straight as her spine would allow and cleared her throat as though about to deliver a very important and awe-inspiring speech. John was under the impression it was something she’d gotten into the habit of doing with years of practice. “Well,” she gushed, “we’ve just received word that upon my completion of education at Beauxbatons Academy, I’m to be offered the position of Junior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic himself. Apparently the current Junior Undersecretary is being promoted, and I shall take his job when he moves on to be Senior Undersecretary.”
“After dinner.”  Sherlock let his feet drift back underneath him and pulled John upright as well. “We should get ready.”
John looked slowly from the bottle to Sherlock, eyes slightly wider than usual, his face the picture of panic.
“That would be unfortunate. But as it is, your birthday is on the twenty-second, and so you get an entire day that’s about you, from now on. What kind of childhood did you
“What would you like me to make him say next?” John resisted collapsing to his knees as he imitated the voice again. “Gottle o’ gear, gottle o’gear, gottle o’gear…”
Sherlock produced the mattress as he had before and took a seat on it this time, right in the middle, with his legs stretched out in front of him.
John glared at him, lying across the sofa with his hands pressed together under his chin. "Did you even hear me? I said my dad is
John thought that she probably understood a great deal more than Sherlock gave her credit for, but that, like him, she was simply stubborn.
The look that crossed behind Sherlock’s eyes nearly broke him. It was such a rare look of hurt and confusion that it was all John could do to listen to Moriarty’s words and repeat them stiffly.
“John!” Mike Stamford said on sight of him, seeming relieved he’d found someone to talk to and joining John in his walk up the steps to the Entrance Hall. “I looked everywhere for you on the train. What on earth were you doing?”
As soon as he'd said it, there was a hum of dying electronics throughout the two rooms that made up the cabin. John gave him a look.
Harry narrowed her eyes at John's tone, his badly-suppressed laughter puzzling her. "The bathroom?" Without so much as a warning, she rounded the corner and, when she spotted Sherlock perched on the edge of the tub with his feet propped under the tap, barked out a laugh.
If John had been drinking something, he would have choked. Instead he stumbled over the shoe Sherlock had left in the middle of the floor.
It was uncomfortable at first, after spending so much of the past few weeks forcing a distance between them, but after a few minutes, Sherlock started to melt into the warm touch at his side. His spine relaxed, his head lolled onto John’s shoulder, and his hand even fell to rest on John’s knee.
Soon Sherlock appeared in the doorway. At the sight of his mother and his boyfriend sat on the sofa with a book of pictures from his early life, he stopped.
He sighed. “May we be excused?” he asked sarcastically, with no indication that he would refrain from leaving the table, regardless of what the answer was. However, she nodded and smiled and didn’t even bat an eye when he yanked John ungraciously to his feet.
“Now, Delia, there’s someone for everyone,” her mother scolded, though there wasn’t the slightest trace of an actual reprimand. “Congratulations, Sherlock. It’s lovely to meet you, John.”
“Good thing, too,” Mrs. Holmes said, breaking into their moment, tearing down the heavy eye contact that had been drawing John toward Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed impatiently at her interruption.
The boy looked up from his newest advanced potions book. His eyes fixed on the pink flesh of John’s arm before moving to his face. “Yes?”
John’s instincts kicked in. He had never flown so fast as he dove down and swept Sherlock out of the air. He gripped the handle of his broom tightly with one hand, his other arm wrapped around Sherlock’s limp form, and lowered himself to the ground.
The two had been cast in a church pageant as hares, much to Mycroft's amusement. Sherlock wasn't even sure how they had both ended up as hares, since they were supposed to be portraying the story of Noah and his ark. He had already pointed out to the director that having two male hares on board defeated the purpose of bringing two at all, but his concerns had been brushed aside.
"I...give you this...ring," Sherlock said, hands shaking from excitement this time, "as a symbol of my love as I give to you all that I am, and accept from you, all that you are."
“Of course. A good friend of mine. Anyway, I’ve got the upper hand, here, Sherlock. There’s no way for you to get him out of there without me.”
All the way up to Gryffindor Tower, John wondered what he was getting himself into. Why had he followed this madman out to the Forest? What was Sherlock Holmes up to? Was this what he usually did for fun?
There was no real reason to follow the sound, just morbid curiosity and the cruelty of a lifetime of conditioning to respond to the sound.
"By all means, John, go out and enjoy yourself. Don't let me hold you back," Sherlock replied with an annoyed sigh.
If that seems crazy, I don't care. I like the idea of posting the Christmas season with its events at least close to the date that they occur. Plus I'm excited to see you guys more often over the next month!
This one was a little late, but good news--due to the fact that my internet is finally being fixed after like five years, I shouldn't be late ever again.
John was terrified despite himself. He’d been in sticky situations before. Hell, even if he hadn’t been shot in Afghanistan, Sherlock had taken him on plenty of ridiculously risky and potentially fatal adventures since his return. But there was something on the horizon here. Sherlock was on his way inside, not knowing what he was walking into, not knowing that John was here for nothing more than to be used by Moriarty.
Suddenly, John found himself being pushed face-first against the wall. He struggled, but the arms that held him captive were strong, and he remembered with a sigh that Moran had always been able to hit a Bludger much further than he could. Sherlock made no move to help him, so he assumed that Moran had drawn his wand as well.
So when after leaving Molly's birthday party, Sherlock sunk too his knees as soon as the front door was shut, John wasn't about to object.
Sherlock ran his finger along the fastenings of John's splint and huffed. The doctor had told him to wear the splint for one week, and to check back in soon. Now they were lying in bed with their discarded trousers next to the door.
"Mhmmm." John let go of Sherlock's arms just long enough to reach over to the table and retrieve the tie he'd left there two days before. He felt all the air leave Sherlock's lungs when he saw what John was doing.
Sally nodded. “And that’s the least of it. Apparently he spends all his time in the dungeons experimenting with potions.”
He decided on the latter and followed slightly behind Sherlock, not quite at his side. It was as though he couldn’t bring himself to equal his stride.
“Yeah. It was my tenth birthday, and some of the family were over for dinner. We didn’t know Traichan had been a Death Eater. He hid it well for
"I'd still like it. You could dye it green and it would make no difference to me." John paused and lifted his face from Sherlock's neck. "Please don't dye your hair green."
As they took their cloaks from the hooks in the foyer, Sherlock also reached up onto a shelf that John doubted he would have been able to reach, retrieving a strange hat similar to one John remembered finding in the attic when he was a child.
"I--yes, I was. But this is so much more interesting than class, anyway, John! Listening to those miserable idiots trying to drill the periodic table into my head even though I've known it for five years--it's tiresome. Let's put my skills to better use, shall we?"
By the time the plane took off, John had caught himself about to mention his insane flatmate nearly ten times. Not talking about Sherlock was proving to be extremely difficult, something that frightened John as much as it irritated him. Sarah could obviously tell it was a problem, but she looked pleased that he was making such an effort. She said nothing.
By the time his forearms rested on either side of John's head and his hips lay slotted along John's, he was panting into John's mouth. "Simple," he said breathlessly. "Two can play at the domination game."
Both pairs of trousers were shed, then both pairs of pants, and Sherlock’s skin was flush against John’s, and god, if that didn’t make him feel like the luckiest person in the world. He closed his eyes, letting Sherlock seep into him through every pore.
John pecked Sherlock on the cheek. “I love it. Thank you. Although, to be fair, every day that I spend with you is pretty fantastic.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not wanting to give too much away. In reality, that particular line had struck a chord. It was John’s fault, of course—he’d been staring as Sherlock had read it. He’d even gone so far as to grin mischievously when Sherlock paused. “What’s that even supposed to mean?”
“I apologise, Aunt Wendy. I had no intention of offending anyone.” Sherlock tilted his head politely in her direction. “I was simply returning the favor to your darling son. He seems not to have developed any more of a vocabulary since the age of eight, for his insults have not seemed to improve, but no matter. If you find it just as well for me to take those feeble attempts at heightening his self-esteem at my expense lying down, then I shall by all means do so.”
"I don't see why not. It is hardly a difficult task to do up a bowtie." Sherlock stood up straight and placed both hands on John's chest.
John followed Sherlock inside and was greeted by a particularly old elf with candy-floss hair protruding from his ears. “Oh, who does Mr. Holmes bring with him? Unusual.”
Mike seemed to realize his mistake, but took it in stride. "Well, that's bad luck. But I'm sure Sherlock's happy to have you home. How is he, anyway?"
John glared at him from the corner of his eye. "There is exactly one thing we could do to get warmer, and it is n-not h-happening."
“No, he doesn’t,” John answered before Sherlock could, enjoying this new line of questioning much more than the origin of their relationship. “I can hardly get him to eat half the time, and when he does, he mopes about it.”
If Mycroft’s jaw could hang any lower, it would have hit the floor already. “Junior Undersecretary?” he said incredulously, and the tension of the unspoken competition between the two cousins--an obvious extension their mothers'--was overshadowed by the sight of Mycroft actually incredulous.
“But none of them were any more dangerous than a few things being thrown at Mycroft’s head, with my hands. My parents were worried—they’d already decided I was probably a Squib. So had Uncle Traichan.”
John smiled. “Come on.” His body vaguely protested when he took the hand that was teasing him in order to lead the body attached to it.
As Sherlock pulled himself up to press his lips against John’s sleepily, John laid back against the pillow that had come to be his.
All of the air left Sherlock with a great whooshing sound, and the room went completely silent as the body on the ground reached its torn and mangled hand out to him. "
Sherlock almost stopped listening. It wasn't as though the words weren't meaningful, but it was just that--they were words. What he really cared for, he realized, was the way John was saying them, with absolute joy and tenderness, and a bit of an endearingly mocking tone at the particularly stupid bits. By the time he'd finished and it was Sherlock's turn, it no longer bothered him whether or not he said the words right, so long as he sounded as utterly in love with John as he was--which was certainly not a difficult thing to do.
John stared at Sherlock, who was scribbling away on the spare parchment he’d brought along and glancing with determined purpose at the woman opposite them, who had suddenly brought the small communication device to her ear and begun speaking into it just as they’d seen countless others do today. He smiled. “Yes, I do.”
That was how he found himself in Defense Against the Dark Arts amidst a shuffling group of fellow Ravenclaws, who faced a large trunk which had been dragged in by their professor.
Meanwhile, John was spinning the bottle. Sherlock didn't think about the possibility of it landing on him when someone else spun until it did.
John didn’t know what to say, but he knew he didn’t want anyone but Wendy beating themselves up about what happened at dinner, least of all Wilson. “Don’t say that.”
He sighed, pulled on his pyjamas, and crawled beneath the covers. Perhaps he’d ask Sherlock about Moriarty again in the morning.
“Sorry. Sorry!” he’d said. It was the first time John had heard him sound so flustered. Once Sherlock had reached his wand and tapped the correct brick to open the wall back up, they'd both tumbled out, red-faced and swearing.
The entire table was struck silent for several minutes aside from the occasional hiccup from Uncle Andrew. Molly and her father looked extremely nervous.
The next day couldn’t come quickly enough, John decided. He could barely sleep, and Moran snoring in the next bed wasn’t helping, as it just reminded him of that kiss in the hospital wing two weeks ago. They hadn’t kissed since. John had felt quite daring with that simple peck on the side of Sherlock’s head.
Their mother swept into the room. "Come now, boys, you'll be late to school," she said, handing them their book bags.
Sherlock leapt over the small fence and reached up to John's neck, successfully locating a small blade just like that of the armour he was holding.
“Hello, boys. Glad you could join us,” Mr. Holmes said from one end of the table, which was rather short and cozy in comparison to the size of the room itself.
Before making his exit, he called off the snipers with a snap of his fingers. And just like that, he was gone.
Some people would have assumed Sherlock was distant and even a bit cold. Those people didn't get to see him as he was now, with his head in John's lap and his legs curled up to his chest. It was the third Saturday of the month, which meant a movie night.
“I can’t believe you’re still under the impression that I care about such things,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes again as they entered the room. “Happy Christmas, Mummy.”
Sherlock hesitated, before finally assenting. It helped that his sleeping bag and a set of pyjamas had taken up permanent residence in John's closet, so he didn't have to pack for no reason.
"Wait. Sherlock!" John leapt down from his bed, his feet light, and knelt down next to Sherlock's sleeping bag, stroking his upper arms the way he had before, like whenever Sherlock thought he was going to get in trouble, or that time that Harry had startled him in that scary mask. "Calm down. It's okay. Just calm down." When Sherlock's breathing was closer to normal, he continued, "We'll fix it. Nobody has to know."
“Well, there are…” John struggled with the right words to use. “There are things you don’t see when someone’s got clothes on.”
Sherlock looked up as John entered, then immediately looked away like a shamed puppy. “I needed my dressing gown,” Sherlock said quietly. “I was cold.” John couldn’t tell whether he was studying his foot that closely or if he actually felt foolish. It was a foreign thing for Sherlock Holmes to back down, even when he was wrong.
“Well what do you expect, experimenting with those bloody potions all evening and neglecting your poor boyfriend?”
in fact need a Potions tutor. What do you think?” John glared at Stamford for putting it like he was some sort of imbecile.
“Bet you never saw this coming.” He could hear the malicious smile through the earpiece. Still, he repeated the words, eyelids fluttering rapidly.
John stepped forward and cautiously kissed Sherlock’s temple before walking to the door. “See you then.”
John was puzzled until he saw the way Sherlock held his hands under the water, clasped tightly in front of himself. He raised his eyebrows. “Sherlock.”
“Why on earth would you want to start up the Dueling Club?” Harry asked him that night when he’d mentioned it in front of the common room fire.
"Sherlock, stop it. Lip gloss," Mycroft muttered impatiently, holding it out and trying to apply it to Sherlock's toothy smile.
"She will, too. You're so sweet to think of her, but it'll blow over as long as you don't make a big deal of it."
It didn't take long for John to respond, and immediately Sherlock did his best to be as pathetic as possible.
The shop was just as chaotic as Sherlock had expected. Most of the team had gone home to wash and have dinner with their families, but those that came filled every available table. Molly sat in the corner, bewildered as to how she’d been dragged into this. Sherlock sat next to her, and John across from them, holding a plain vanilla cone with non-magical flake. He hadn’t yet started eating it, but was talking animatedly to the two of them, only responding to his team when they directly addressed him.
It always amazed John how quickly news travelled in such a big castle, but as it was, his relationship with Sherlock was common knowledge by Monday morning. He supposed, with such a fast turn-around, the rumours were inevitable.
How on earth could he turn Moriarty into a laugh? More importantly, what would the other students think if another seemingly random student appeared before him, smirking menacingly? No doubt questions would be asked, covers blown, and even attacks provoked if any of his classmates were involved in Jim's schemes.
"Jim Moriarty. He’s a sixth year Slytherin student. He’s behind all this. I don’t know why, or how really, but—"
It was at dinner, when Sherlock voiced this, that Mycroft began laughing harder than Sherlock had ever seen him laugh. He wasn’t too fond of the sound.
Had anyone told John at the beginning of this match that it would be successful, he wouldn’t have believed it. Now, though, with the score 80-10 in their favor, he had hope. His teammates were working together much more effectively than they had been even in training this year, and Harry was completely focused, circling above them, using the strategy that was best when competing with Sherlock Holmes’s sharp eyes—watching his every move, and duplicating it. John grinned up at the two of them languidly swirling through the air and watching the pitch before swinging his club to deflect a Bludger that was headed straight for Mary.
Molly sat down in the circle and raised her eyebrows. Sherlock sighed and sat next to her. John grinned as he sat, too.
John hesitated at Sherlock's bedroom door, but Mrs. Holmes urged him on. "Sherlock?" he said softly as he pushed it open. He heard familiar sniffles from the corner hidden by Sherlock's bed and approached the source cautiously. "Sherlock?"
“Sher—” He cut himself off with a groan when Sherlock reached in between them to palm his erection, and he had to force himself not to melt into a puddle at the other boy’s feet. He hadn’t realized how long he’d been waiting for this. He’d been so patient without even knowing, but now that it was actually happening there was no going back. His own hand found the bulge at the front of Sherlock’s trousers and squeezed lightly in return.
John shook his head, suddenly smiling, and sat next to Sherlock. “Sometimes you’re really funny when you get stuck in your own head.”
When she was gone, John continued down the stairs, but the mysterious boy with the dark curls was gone.
“That’s Wilson. He works for the Ministry. Department of Mysteries,” Sherlock murmured after the man had left. “Seven years my senior, but he was still a much better childhood companion than Mycroft.”
There was the adrenaline-fueled post-case shag, and the lazy Sunday morning love-making session, and everything in between. Any one of them was perfectly acceptable in John's opinion, in any way, shape, or form.
John, amused, was about to kiss him again when he heard an almost indistinguishable shout from below.
Sherlock hovered constantly at his side, now that the suspect was cuffed in the back of a police car. "Are you sure?"
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, Polly Winston doesn’t go to the Dark Forest. No, she’s much too stupid for that to be the case. She’d be dead already.”
If you really want to know what a dork I am, I actually had to make sure the songs I was thinking of fit the time John used them for a mixtape. "I Only Wanna Be With You" (Hootie and the Blowfish) and "Luna" (Smashing Pumpkins).
McGonagall had turned to walk away, but Sherlock’s panicked tone made her turn back. "Mr. Holmes, if a student is kidnapping other students, something needs to be done."
But it didn't. The boggart just lay there, still in the form of a corpse, until finally it rolled over and, instead of the rotting vampire, donned the bloodied and disfigured face of John Watson.
The two of them fell asleep on the sofa. Mrs. Holmes called John's mother to tell her that it was probably best if John stayed over. Before bed, she covered them each with a blanket and kissed them goodnight.
They didn't speak again until nearly two months after the fire alarm incident. When the lift doors opened that day, Sherlock was both delighted and mortified to see his silent acquaintance, who smiled and nodded just as he always did when Sherlock joined him.
"Chocolates are a great idea," John interjected, just wanting to be rid of the responsibility of gift-buying.
"Alright," Sherlock said, turning to him. "We head over to that tent over there. That's where the knights are."
"Sure. Mike?" John indicated the door with a tilt of his head, so that Mike would follow them. Sherlock remained silent, breathing in the distinct smell of John, clearing out the horrible stench from the boggart.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face.” Then, in the most childish display yet, Jim produced an oddly unsettling caricature of the expression. “’Cause I’d be surprised, Sherlock. I really would. And just a teensy bit disappointed. And of course, you wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long.” Sherlock glanced again at the red light on John’s chest. “Ciao, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock groaned, but didn’t protest as John brought his own phone to his ear. “It’s John. Did you see Sherlock’s text?” As the voice on the other end responded in the negative, John shot Sherlock a look. “I’m sure he gave you the address if you look. We’ve had a run-in with Moriarty.”
. John patted his chest absentmindedly, realizing with a sigh that he’d left his own brand-new Prefect badge in his trunk.
"N-not long now," Sherlock said a few hours later, shivering. He and John were curled up under about fifty blankets from the cupboard.
I don't think I've ever expressed how important comments are to me. I cherish them like I cherish my laptop and my apple juice.
Sherlock sat there in the grass for the rest of his own break, sniffling and snapping at anyone who tried to approach him, whether or not their intentions were kind.
When they finally decided to get out and see the rest of the village, John suggested they go to Honeyduke’s. Hand in hand, they crossed the street and were met with the wonderful smells. The sugary air inside the shop seemed to cement their palms together.
Without a word, Sherlock dropped John’s hand long enough to pull his arm out of his coat, which he then threw over John’s far shoulder before taking the vice-like grip again.
Mycroft glared across the table at him as John barked out an involuntary laugh. Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and speared a bit of food rather purposely with his fork.
“You boys should get upstairs and get dressed,” Mr. Holmes finally said. “Everyone will start getting here soon.”
Sherlock shrugged as noncommittally as possible, but the truth was he had nothing else to do this evening, and the thought of John in a muddy kit…now
Sherlock's roommate, at least, thought he was more intriguing than frightening. Victor even spoke with him sometimes, about things other than the dormitory they cohabited. He was a chemistry student himself, so he found Sherlock's designated "experiment corner" interesting, if a little eccentric, and he didn't mind as much as most when Sherlock accidentally deduced things about where he'd been and what he'd been doing. In fact, instead of getting angry, he would laugh and confirm Sherlock's suspicions.
"Yeah, since she clearly didn't give you enough love in your childhood, now that you have to go after a woman twice your age to fulfill the need for motherly affection."
The others in the carriage stared at him, the Head Boy with pure mistrust, Sherlock with heavily masked curiosity. “Mind if I ride up with you?” John asked them, wondering at once whether he even wanted to. Head Boy nodded coldly but casually, as though he were used to being in charge. The other scoffed and turned away to watch the invisible thing that pulled the stagecoach.
Sherlock and John looked at each other and grinned, and this time Sherlock was sure they were communicating telepathically.
“You’re ignoring me, Sherlock,” Jim said. He twirled his wand between his fingers while his other hand rested casually in his pocket. John almost asked him where he’d come by the audacity to act as though their last encounter hadn’t held the potential for murder by giant squid.
John hadn’t been paying much attention to the conversation going on around him, so he couldn’t tell whether this was a sudden change of subject. He’d been watching Sherlock shove bits of roast duck all around his plate sourly.
Out of nothing but spite, John glared and said, “No. I would love to do something with you, Sherlock. What did you have in mind?”
“Who’s to say I wouldn’t rather give it to you on your actual birthday?” John teased, knowing full well that there was no way he could keep the parcel’s location—or its contents—from Sherlock for much longer.
As the pageboy--John's young cousin--came forward with the rings, Sherlock risked a glance at his parents and saw, of all things, his mother passing a handkerchief to Mrs. Hudson. John's mother sat proudly beside them, her tears close to falling, but still sparkling in her eyes.
“Huh? Oh, that,” Jim murmured casually, stepping past John to take it. Another plan began to form in John’s mind, a bloody mad plan, but it couldn’t fail to get Sherlock out of there alive, John thought. “The missile plans,” Moriarty continued. He turned it over in his fingers and kissed it. “Boring!” he sang out suddenly. Another blink and the memory stick was in the water. John saw his only opportunity slipping away.
He finally did stop talking, but continued to stand there, looking sheepish. John let him stand there for a long time before sighing.
By the time John made it down to the Great Hall the next morning, everyone knew what had happened. He’d expected it, really, but it was still disconcerting to have a hundred heads turn his way as soon as he entered the room. He glanced at the Ravenclaw table and saw Sherlock stirring his porridge with a sour look.
“Hmm. Must just be you, then.” The corner of Sherlock’s mouth perked up as John nosed at the skin over his pulse point. “Singed hair,” he murmured, kissing once, then again with “honey,” once more with “and ink.” His hands found Sherlock’s hips. “So, if it’s not a love potion, what
“Is that Amortentia I smell?” John put his bag down on the table next to Sherlock’s cauldron and leaned into his shoulder.
"Good," Sherlock replied, then flexed his foot, making John tense against the back of the booth he sat in.
John didn’t think he’d ever seen Sherlock so gleeful. The boy looked around and took in all the familiar sights, displays of Sugar Quills and Chocolate Frogs and Licorice Wands. “What would you like?”
The number of gifts he received was astounding. He’d learned over the past week that Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were kind, generous people, if a bit antisocial. Still, he was startled by the way they treated their son’s boyfriend, as though he were a son himself—the only significant difference in his Christmas haul and Sherlock’s was the personal touch, and even that was not lacking much. John suspected that Sherlock, not to mention his mother’s own set of deductive skills, had something to do with that.
“Oh, it’s broken. We’ve got to go to A&E. Siger, get the car.” Mrs. Holmes turned back to Sherlock. “I’m going to lift you up, now, sweetie. Can you let go of John’s hand?”
He turned and strode from the Entrance Hall, forcing John to follow at nearly a run, shaking his head and huffing his annoyance.
He came to the park and sat on the bench where John had kissed him five years ago, after moving his things into the flat and getting a bite to eat at the stand on the corner. He smiled sadly at the memory.
