'Right,' Steve finds he can't really disagree so far.
What can he tell her? Tony wouldn't want him to tell her the truth.
He glances around the old style kitchen. Tony either had no say in the design of this room or has never been here in order to object to it.
'Let's be fair here; you and Pepper broke up because the two of you were too busy running SI to have time for each other.'
Sorry for the delay at the end there.
Tony loses himself in his work for a time before jolting back to himself,
Pete's room is finished now, but when Pete's eyes start to droop, while they're watching Cars, Tony still takes him back to the Master suite.
'I'm confident he'll make us aware of anything important,' Steve replies, stubbornly.
Steve just shakes his head helplessly and clings to him.
'Ah, well, borrow mine then,' Tony tells him as he comes back over and sits beside him. 'There are going to be times when I can't have them with me. I'm the only one around here actually holding down a job after all.'
‘Jarvis, get them to prep my jet,’ Tony announces.
'Alright,' he'll have to accept that as a negative. 'How often can I see him? Do you want to... supervise my visits?'
'What are you working on?' Steve talks over her. 'Anything interesting going on in the lab?'
'I painted me and you, and you and Cap and everyone together,' Pete beams at him.
'Cool,' is all Clint says before hanging up.
'Already on their way, sir.'
‘I shall pass the message on to Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers.’
'And a green rage monster,' Clint adds and then yelps as Natasha clearly loses her patience.
'He's making breakfast because he's,' Tony gestures at Steve and grimaces, 'wholesome.'
Fury subsides, to Steve's relief, and the discussion on team tactics begins.
Pete beams at him.
Admittedly he also hasn't done anything useful either, such as question Tony on what this all actually means.
‘I’ll get this,’ he tells Steve, pointing his finger. ‘I will.’
Dummy, Butterfingers and You can all hand him things.
'It's fabricating now,' he admits. 'I'll run tests tomorrow.'
'I...' big brown eyes that are identical to Tony's gaze up at him. 'I like your Dada,' Steve tells him, 'I just like seeing him around.'
'Reed?' Tony scowls, 'again?'
Pepper puts her tablet down and waits for him to continue.
'Alright,' he sighs, 'tell her I'll be a few minutes.
'Why didn't I think of building blocks?' Tony asks as Pete examines his new toy with all the seriousness a three and a half year old can muster.
'Red,' she smiles and lays his suit on the bed. 'I'll get you a watch.'
'Tony,' he implores as Clint fumbles the Audi keys out of his pocket.
'Totally don't use that word I just used...' Clint adds quietly.
'That's something, I suppose,' Steve tries a smile.
'Neither will I,' Steve tells him and blushes.
'Alright,' Tony presses a kiss to his neck.
'Muffins,' Tony decides.
'Thanksgiving is about being together and being thankful for it,' he scolds mildly.
'Yeah,' Tony confirms, 'with enough rice and naan to keep even Cap happy.'
'Maybe Pete could tell him,' Tony rubs shampoo into his hair.
'Jarvis showed me the picture he drew,' Pepper smiles, 'he's quite pleased with it.'
'How long, Tony.'
Tony sits up and grins,
'Good afternoon, Steve,' Bruce answers on the second ring.
'Here you go,' Steve puts the plate in front of Pete.
There's no reply.
Tony had looked incredibly unconvinced.
Steve blushes as he walks over and then holds out his phone to Tony,
'Do I have a new suit for the Gala?'
'I am certain sir will escape from his meeting as soon as he is able,' Jarvis confirms.
'Hey Cap,' Pete beams at him before climbing onto his chest. Steve huffs a breath as two smalls knees dig into his gut. 'Do you need coffee to help your brain?'
'Nothing,' Steve smiles a sudden bright smile, 'pancakes?'
All the better to see the ruination of their friendship played out across Steve's face.
‘That is fine, Captain,’ Jarvis does sound… happier now? ‘Would you like me to grant you access to the workshop?’
‘Technology has come a long way,’ Tony doesn’t meet his eyes, ‘and it’s really my main vulnerability.’
He rejected probably the only person on the planet who can still like him after dealing with him on a daily basis.
He stands off to the side, cradling his coffee, as Pete chatters at Steve. Steve has pulled a chair over into the kitchen so Pete can watch him mixing.
Steve tries to ask what would count as too hard and suggest maybe he just shouldn't move at all but then Tony's swallowed him all the way down and he can't think anymore.
'Naturally,' Tony smirks, but feels his expression gentle as he looks at his son.
'I suspect there is very little you might wish to do that Colonel Rhodes would not forgive you for,' Jarvis replies without answering the question.
He can see Tony has closed his eyes for two long precious seconds. His eyes flick over to the helmet before he keeps working.
He can definitely work with this.
Tony plays with Pete until Jarvis announces Rhodey's arrival a couple of hours later. He gets up from the floor to greet the lift,
'Tony?' Steve asks quietly.
He blushes as one hand flies to his hair,
Though, to be entirely fair, the confusion comes from Bruce being the first person to move in. It’s just that people assume Tony was there first but Tony has returned to Malibu with Pepper.
'I want Dada.'
'Alright,' he files the information away in his head; two at the Stark Mansion, three at Stark Tower and one away.
Pete seems happy with that answer.
'I just thought he'd cope better if he wasn't overwhelmed with all this so early,' Tony replies quietly.
'I'll be here for a few weeks,' Pepper tells him. 'Being in the same place as Tony means we can get some things sorted and I was planning to attend the Gala anyway.'
'How did it go?' Rhodey asks quietly as they move away.
*          *          *
'It's a shame,' Steve comments lightly, 'it's a beautiful building.'
*          *          *
‘Yes, Mr. Rogers.’
OK, this time Steve is a little put out.
'It was Obe's idea,' he adds, 'and I figured it was a good way to give her the finger...'
'You sure did,' Steve looks a little sheepish as he pushes away from the wall to join them.
'I am unable,' Thor looks crestfallen, 'I must soon depart to meet Jane.'
'I'm going to make some coffee,' Steve smiles at his team mates, 'anyone else?'
'Dunno,' he sniffs. 'The man will tell you; the man knows where we are.'
'You need to tell him,' Rhodey jumps straight back in. 'That man adores you, Tony; you're going to break him if you don't tell him soon.'
'Dada, it's day time,' his son snuggles against him.
'You're thanking me?'
The roar is unmistakably Bruce's alter-ego and Steve takes an automatic step forwards to get between him and Tony. He hears Tony huff an amused breath.
'Rogers, Barton,' Tony's gaze is flinty.
'It's never too cold for ice cream.'
'Good afternoon, Captain,' Jarvis interrupts Clint. 'Sir is busy at this time. May I take a message?'
'The meeting shouldn't be more than a few hours,' Tony looks to where his son is painting again. 'I'll be back soon after. He'll need food before then...'
When Tony wakes up his reaction is identical to the only other time Steve has seen Tony wake from a nightmare. The genius jolts upright and scrabbles backwards, kicking at the blankets as he goes.
'We're taking Pete out and this car has the safety seat thing,' he fiddles with the straps.
'I'm just going to have to guess if you don't tell me.
'Alright, yeah, that would be bad.'
He starts walking; maybe he'll find someone.
‘A lot of your stuff is very complicated,’ Steve argues just to see the disgusted look on Tony’s face as he argues that his UIs are the most user-friendly around ‘thank you very fucking much’.
'He's asleep?' Tony glances down. 'Jay, what time is it?'
She just blinks at it,
'This must be Peter,' the reporter is gesturing crazily to her photographer, who is ignoring her as he's already snapping away. 'Can I ask him some questions?'
Tony knows his smile just softened into something disgustingly heartwarming.
Pepper materialises at Tony’s side with a bright smile on her face,
'I thought you'd be having breakfast with Tony,' Bruce sips at his coffee.
Mostly Pepper is additional company.
'What do you want?' he asks.
Tony groans,
'Just tell him, Tony.'
'I speed up my hand again,' Steve copies the instructions. 'I know what I'm doing. My hand feels perfect against you.
Steve resists the urge to pet back the hair that's falling across Tony's forehead.
'You're Captain America,' Clint tells him. 'Saving children is definitely your job.'
'I was going to strip to my boxers,' Tony turns to smirk at him. 'If that would meet with your approval? '
'He's...' she pauses and gets off the lift at the penthouse as she considers her wording. 'I think there's a situation arising that could be quite... catastrophic.'
'Great, let's get back to work,' he lifts back into the air.
'Like Dada,' Pete pipes up, looking at his blanket.
'There,' Tony sits back, 'we fixed it.'
‘This is Clint Barton,’ Bruce interrupts easily, ‘Thor, and I’m sure you know Captain Rogers.’
Where possible, if Tony is injured, Steve tried to hurry back to make sure he’s ok.
Steve nods,
He's shaking his head wordlessly and remembering that night he called the suit on Pepper.
'Your hair is yellow.'
'Do I get a say?' Steve glances over his shoulder.
'Additional strain to outer plating that would become disastrous at high altitudes,' Jarvis deadpans.
He offers a small smile in return and looks back down at his picture.
Steve is going to throw caution to the wind and just make a grab for Tony but before he can Hulk swings his arm towards Tony.
His son seems pretty unfazed by the attention and is far more interested in just hugging him.
'Whatever,' Tony drops his tablet and looks at the screen showing the other members of his meeting.
'Tony?'
He offers a small smile in reply,
Tony looks at him strangely, but allows Steve to rest a hand on his back without recoiling.
'I don't want to see him right now,' Steve admits.
'In November?'
‘The important things haven’t changed. Butterfingers is the youngest and even he’s… actually, honest to god, I have no idea how old he is. Dummy must be pushing twenty though,’ Tony scowls thoughtfully. ‘I don’t know. Anyway,’ he swaps the hand he’s using to pet Dummy so he can wave the other then pour himself several fingers from the decanter, ‘constants.’
*          *          *
'Good morning, Tony,' Steve can't help his smile as Tony wraps an arm around his son.
'No, I need to know how their experiment worked. Our entire roll out plan for arc reactor power depends on it.'
'What's wrong?'
‘I have to get to the lab. I have minutes before this reactor is useless and I need to be there when I overload the other one.’
'Pep, it's not like we slept together and accidentally produced a baby. This isn't some unfortunate consequence that we both knew might happen; our DNA was stolen. Are you telling me you think it's ok to make a baby from someone and then expect them to deal with it? It isn't fair.'
'Oookaaay...' Clint glances back at his pitiful tower.
Tony slips from his arms as he’s watching Dummy and dry swallows some pills before You offers him a decanter.
'Where's Dada?'
'No,' he agrees. 'Now stop reading into it.'
'Just calling to tell you I'll be out of town for a few days,' she reports. 'I have a lead I need to chase down.'
They greet everyone in the family room because Tony insists he doesn’t want everyone coming to find him in his workroom. The reunion is loud but things do settle down once everyone has had their fill of scolding them.
'Hey.'
'Oh,' a rush of shame floods his chest, 'I'm sorry.'
'That was Chinese,' Tony tells him. 'I think I butchered it a little, my pronunciation isn't the best.'
'I don't think they deliver,' Tony sees the exact moment Steve remembers who he's talking to. 'I'll have some more of the same then, please.'
‘Much.’
'Get one,' Tony agrees readily. 'Put it with the muffins. Are they here yet?'
'You don't know what you're missing, Cap; I'm quite the catch.'
‘I’m saying that the reactor casing is being corroded inside my chest,’ Tony glances up again. ‘I’m saying that the people attacking that bank were probably only doing so to get our attention, though they probably expected it to take longer than it did. I’m saying that I need to figure out how to neutralise this or receiving the new reactor won’t help.’
'I hope they suffered!' Tony snaps and Steve blinks in surprise at the venom in him voice.
'You have plans for me?' Tony leers.
'He is a good choice, Captain,' Thor adds quietly as Pete tells Clint off for moving his car.
'Err,' Steve swallows back the instinctual terror everyone but Tony seems to have. 'Good job.'
‘You should wake Pepper,’ Steve gestures to the bed.
‘Sir stayed with me until I was stable enough to be able to branch out of the house.’
*                                  *                                  *
Tony was always willing to trust him with the children, but not with the knowledge that Jim was his, so actually...
Tony crawls up the bed to him but can't help pausing to swallow him to the root along the way.
'Seven minutes past one sir; you have been in the workshop a little over eight hours.'
Pepper signs off,
Pepper sighs,
'Worth a try.'
'What have we got here then?' he stares at the boy who clutches at Steve's arm but stares right back.
Tony nods to Clint and Thor, and eyes Steve suspiciously.
'Tony, this is Steve we're talking about.'
He has his phone out and is calling Bruce before he remembers that he's upset with the other man.
'I'm fine,' he lifts his son into a hug and presses his face into his hair. 'I'm fine.'
'So don't take him!'
Bruce looks up,
'Are you still coming?' Pepper asks.
He takes another step towards Steve and then another before Steve finally relents and closes the distance to pull him into a hug.
Especially when, after an unfortunate accident involving a half-rewired toaster, it turns out Hulk
'I had enough of being set up with people I don't know for a lifetime, thanks.'
‘How long have you been sitting there, by the way? Also, of course he’s real. Do you think I’d have put that much effort into programming a simulation that argues with me at every possible turn?’
‘The hole in the side of your head,’ Steve scowls.
'Ms Potts, I apologise for the interruption but I suspect sir is thinking of the film entitled Groundhog Day.'
'No, thank you,' she sighs. 'Tony, let's just get to this; you need to tell Steve.'
'Well, I haven't got anything down,' he washes the last of the toast down with coffee and finally looks around the lab. 'Oh, right, that thing for Reed. When did he want it?'
'Steve, this is never going to...'
'What are you working on?' he joins Tony on the couch.
'You're such a daddy's boy,' he walks to the middle of the ballroom and turns in a slow circle.
He must be allowed a free pass when he's just had a panic attack, and Steve doesn't normally read anything into his overly tactile nature.
'Hello Jarvis!' Pete fidgets in his seat as Steve tries to tighten the straps.
‘Certainly, sir,’ Jarvis agrees as Tony strides to the lift.
'I do,' Steve smiles and enters the room with a mug.
'I'm going to worship you, Steve,' Tony promises as he presses his finger in further. 'I'm going to make you feel amazing.'
After Tony has eaten his fill, and Steve has eaten everything else, they move upstairs. Tony sits against the headboard and gets his reading back out even as he watches Steve getting ready for bed. Steve settles down beside him; his fingers just brushing Tony's leg.
'Yes,' she replies simply. 'I also had all of the clothes you bought stored in the third guest room for now and adjusted your schedule to skip the meeting in DC tomorrow.'
'Wow...' he murmurs.
'Please, Tony?' Steve finds his words.
'Tony! This needs to go smoothly,  please. This is important.'
Tony curls against his chest with a hum as Steve's hands settle on his bare hips and then rub up under his t-shirt before hugging him close.
'I'm Captain America,' Steve smiles, 'but you can call me Steve, if you'd like. What shall I call you?'
'I guess I would have only worried more.'
'Promise,' Tony gives him another kiss and then closes his eyes.
'Ah, Steve?'
'Sir appreciated your presence, even if he did not say so,' Jarvis adds.
Steve's expression as Tony first slides a hand up his inner thigh is just too brilliant.
'This is all about trust for Tony?' he asks as he rubs his eyes. 'But how am I supposed to trust him?'
*          *          *
'I get that reference,' Steve manages not to stick out his tongue. 'Clint showed me that movie and I'm much too tall to be a hobbit.'
'Yes,' he tells Thor. 'Which word?'
'Do Hallmark do cards for 'Sorry, you're the father'?'
'Coming to you,' Clint adds.
'He's asleep but I promised I'd bring him back to you,' he reports as Tony performs something of a visible check of his son.
'Your mother...' Steve trails off. He knows that, regardless of what he just said, Tony's walls will be up for this conversation.
'That's awesome and horrifyingly creepy,' Clint adds from the floor.
*          *          *
'Yes,' Steve gasps suddenly. 'Yes, Tony, that was... That was...' he swallows and pulls back to gaze into Tony's eyes, 'I love you.'
'Hey, Dada,' Pete beams and climbs up to straddle his stomach. He pats his chest with one small hand, 'it's day time, Dada.'
'Sir has detected that I have linked you in to the feed,' Jarvis informs him.
It isn't that he's stopped talking to the bots; that's not changed at all.
'Certainly, sir.'
'You gave one of the most modest people I know a multi million dollar painting!'
‘Tony? Tony, what’s wrong?’
‘Notify Pepper, and have Happy meet me in the garage.’
Hulk huffs at him as Tony turns the toaster over in his hands,
Anyway. While he’s downstairs being still and quiet, and so invisible to Tony, he sees the bots hand things to Tony all the time; tools, drinks, food… the list goes on.
'We're moving,' Tony walks to his friend, claps him on the shoulder, and strides off towards his bedroom.
'It's the only theory we have,' Tony shrugs. 'So what can we do about it?'
'Really, Jarvis, is that important right now?' Tony throws his arms into the air.
‘Fuck,’ Tony runs his hands though his hair.
meeting,' he can practically hear Tony's shrug. 'What's wrong, Steve?'
'Alfred said he would make sandwiches,' Pete informs him as he drops back off onto the floor.
'I'm coming,' Pepper looks a little horrified by the thought of sending Tony off alone to an important meeting. 'They're sending me the reports, same as they are you.'
He can only imagine how outnumbered by Starks he'll feel once Jim is born.
'You want to stay in there?' Steve nods. 'Yeah, I understand. It was very scary out here a moment ago but all those bad people have gone now. It's just me and my friends now.'
'Jarvis,' Tony hugs his son against his chest, 'pour that coffee.'
‘I don’t think I’d be welcome,’ Steve tells him and stands straighter as Tony appears in a suit and wearing sunglasses even though they’re in an underground garage.
‘Shit,’ Tony topples out of the air and his repulsors only just splutter back to life before he crashes to the ground.
Tony’s behaviour is erratic at best without his memory. He works the same as usual but when he emerges it is blindingly obvious that all his interactions with them are under the guise of his public persona.
'Ok,' Pete nods, still looking nervous.
'Tony, if you are seriously telling me you are lying to that man for his own good
*                                  *                                  *
'Do I have one of those kid seats?' he wonders aloud as he contemplates his car collection.
'Err, what?'
'Clear,' Natasha reports in over the comm.
The hologram shows the latest stock levels, that he has twenty new emails (Jarvis filters out everything except what he might read), the data for the most recent escape pod prototype and, tucked away in the bottom right, the heartbeat readout from Jim's incubator.
'Has he?' Tony uses extremis to stretch out his mind to check his to-do list while he chokes down the toast. 'I haven't missed an anniversary have I?'
'Cap!' he drops down. 'Alfred, you remember you don't work for me?'
Tony very obviously looks him up and down,
'I am speaking to you,' Steve points out.
'Yeah, but that was before I started cooking and babysitting for you so it doesn't count.'
'He wouldn't tell me which one though,' Pete sounds disappointed.
'I can,' he agrees.
Hulk huffs a breath at him,
'I will check sir,' Jarvis tells him.
Tony grins,
'Tell him you're Captain America here to rescue him!' Clint instructs over the comm. with a grin.
'You can get me off tomorrow,' Tony tells him and settles back onto his chest.
'I'm sorry I wasn't there.'
'You'd have liked him.'
Tony grins,
'Quinjets,' Tony corrects.
'In other news I'm rolling out arc reactor power to all of my facilities, I think Jarvis may have bought every children's film on the planet, including the ones not in English, and I have a new Audi.'
'Thank you,' Rhodey clasps his shoulder and gives him a small shake.
'Colonel Rhodes received an invitation out last night, he has not returned to the tower,' Jarvis reports delicately.
'That's clever,' he is lead down a staircase that he definitely didn't come up.
~Teri
'Hi Thor,' Pete smiles shyly from where he is clinging to his pant leg, 'hi Clint.'
'I can do this though,' Tony tells her, 'I have something of a support structure...'
'Oh,' Tony pants as he thrusts a little mindlessly for a moment.
'I don't understand,' Tony scowls.
'I'm sure we'll figure it out?'
His heart can't decide if it wants to swell or lodge in his throat.
Steve keeps his gaze and tries to puzzle out what Tony's actually asking. A remote control car humps his leg before flipping over and moving back across the floor. Tony's biting his lip against laughing at him.
'Great, thanks Jarvis. Goodnight,' he lies back down and takes out the earpiece.
'Sorry,' he gasps and relaxes his fingers until he's just petting the nape of Steve's neck. 'Just move your head so I'm rubbing between your palette and your tongue.'
‘Oh, Captain, don’t ever tell
'No,' she disagrees, 'why would you even want to keep this from him?'
'Tony, thank God,' Steve sighs and then realises the implications of the video feed. 'Tony why have you taken off your helmet?'
Rhodey can too, which is also fair as he’s Tony’s best friend (who isn’t Jarvis).
Tony settles himself between Steve's legs and peppers his thighs with suckling kisses. He runs his tongue across his balls and nudges Steve until he moves his legs further apart and plants his feet. The first swipe of his tongue over Steve's hole produces a surprised gasp and he sees the soldier's cock jolt.
'No, this has nothing to do with me!' Tony argues. 'This is about me doing everything I can for my sons. If Steve ends up hating me that's fine, just as long as...'
'Pete's fine; he's with Tony,' he tries to catch on to the relief he should be feeling.
Tony glances to Pete,
'No,' Tony shakes his head and looks down at his son with a smile. 'Have you scouted the perimeter? All secure?'
'We...' Steve turns his back to her as he gets out the ingredients he needs.
'I wish I could fall asleep that quick,' Bruce smiles.
'I want Dada,' he hiccoughs and starts to cry.
'No. It's not like being in the network. It's like it was real. I believe it was real.'
Get a grip, Rogers.
'What are you drawing?'
‘Limited.’
'Sure,' he agrees, 'you can't drive until you're bigger though.'
'Right,' he can see Tony smirking at him before returning to what he was doing. They sit in silence for a couple of minutes before he tries again, 'Tony?'
Was it the new Stark phone?
'Right,' Steve holds where they can both see and awkwardly operates it with one hand.
'What?'
As if that will convince him that Jim doesn't gain something over Pete by having Steve as a father.
Needless to say he changes his mind three times on what to get Steve before Pete even wakes from his nap.
'Steve doesn't know anyone outside of us and SHIELD.'
He has his phone out and in his hand before he can think this through.
'No,' Steve's a terrible liar.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Whichever,' Tony dismisses. 'Are you coming with me or do you need to deal with the reports coming out of R&D?'
'He was at the AIM compound,' Steve reports with a slight scowl towards the Director. 'He's in my custody right now.'
‘I remember signing the paperwork to become CEO again.’
'Not really,' Tony ponders that for moment. 'A generator for Reed, right Jarvis?'
'Ok...' there's a small pause. 'Not all of us can storm a beach, or drive a tank, but there's still a way all of us can fight.'
'That's right, this isn't cheating. It's actually a public service. Philanthropist, remember?'
'You tired?' Tony holds his scotch out to Steve so it doesn't get spilt. After the boy his settled against his chest he reclaims his glass.
'Perfect,' Tony nods and strides off to the lift. 'Jay, how's the timing?'
This, Steve thinks, is either going to be an amazing experience or an utter disaster leading to bloodshed. But right now, surrounded by his team, he finds he’s happy.
Jarvis has a real knack for making Steve feel lower than pond-life where his creator is concerned.
‘That’s right,’ Tony agrees readily, speaking calmly. ‘I’m going to reset my own goddamn shoulder and it’s going to hurt like fuck.’
Initially he tries to talk Tony into telling the Doctors so they can monitor him properly but Tony refuses,
‘So it would seem, sir.’
Pete doesn't look convinced and doesn't let go.
'I shouldn't feel so lost without him,' Steve shakes his head. 'We've barely been together for a week.'
Steve's face only falls a little,
Kind of have to accept that.
'Sure,' he pours a couple of mugs of coffee and joins Steve by the stove.
What the hell is terrine?
'You like this, Steve?'
Tony blinks in surprise,
He takes a tentative sip from his mug and hums happily.
Tony pours himself another coffee,
'And you want me to smack him over the back of the head,' Rhodey rolls his eyes and nods.
'Alright then' Steve smiles.
Steve looks embarrassed but at least he doesn't apologise again.
Why did he not think enough to realise that if Pete isn't with Tony, and not with him, then of course the other members of the team must be looking after him?
'Oh,' he whispers when Tony pulls back a little.
'Sir, the work force will arrive within the hour to install the carpet in Peter's room.'
‘I don’t need that much sleep,’ Tony disagrees. ‘I never have.’
‘I hate you, Stark,’ Clint complains.
'Yes, baby.'
'Definitely,' Tony groans as he pushes himself upright. 'You go make sure there's some in the pot for me, ok?'
Steve presses a kiss to Tony's hair and listens to his partner breathing.
'Alright,' Steve smiles and pours three pancakes onto the frying pan. 'They're nearly ready; take your milk to the table.'
Butterfingers just chirps and continues to shift the tools around. Tony shakes his head and looks over to his boyfriend.
'Well, it's all worked out so far, I suppose,' Steve picks his table back up.
'Because Tony is my best friend.'
'Shush, I'm here baby,' Tony tells him quietly as he takes a couple of steps backwards. 'I'm taking you to bed now.'
Dummy perks up as soon as they set foot inside the workshop and chirps happily, You appears to be monitoring the incubator in the corner but also turns to greet them.
'We're...' Steve hesitates as Tony looks at him curiously, 'a long way up and there's no barrier on your balcony.'
‘Is something wrong with the helicarrier?’ Steve asks nervously.
'I'm telling you,' Clint shakes his head, 'release that image to the press and they won't have a bad thing to say about us all week.'
'Jarvis said to turn it over,' Pete has slipped from his chair and come over to turn over the bowl.
'Well, if your Dada says that's ok,' Steve doesn't look convinced.
'Not forever!' Tony tries reassuring her. 'Cap's still a little... unsettled in this century. If I tell him the kid is his then he'll have this responsibility that he can't walk away from. He isn't ready for this bullshit, Pep.'
'That doesn't sound fun,' Pete retorts.
'Why didn't you? I mean, I know you and Tony are closer than we are, but...' he trails off.
*                                  *                                  *
'I don't need a present.'
‘How the hell did he build this in a cave? And with only his own memory to guide him?!’ Steve exclaims finally. ‘I’m sorry Jarvis, explain it again?’
And, ok, now Steve has fallen even further in love with this man than he thought possible.
Time to pulls away again before he can take any more liberties
'Captain...'
'I'm trying to understand this from his point of view... It's just hard to realise that the guy I was thinking of as my best friend apparently doesn't trust me.'
'Great,' Tony pulls out a tablet. 'Bring up the blueprints for the repulsors for the Quinjet.'
'Yeah, and it's working so...' Tony shrugs letting Bruce join the dots.
The coffee does smell good.
'You might ask her, Captain,’ Jarvis agrees, ‘but it would not change her mind.'
Oh. His breath catches in his throat.
‘I’m not walking,’ the suit declares. ‘If you’re coming with me you’re going to have to hold tight.’
'Cap came to get food,' Pete climbs onto a stool beside where Alfred is slicing a ham.
Maybe he should find the window with the watches.
‘Sir is currently in a meeting with his research and development department,’ Jarvis reports.
'On purpose, less than half a percent, by accident, seven percent.'
'Just good manners,' Steve shrugs with a tiny, but noticeable smile, 'I understand why you'd be confused.'
The drive back to the tower is silent and Steve decides to return to his own floor rather than follow Tony around when he's clearly unnecessary.
‘You have fifty new messages.’
'He doesn't want to be with me,' he feels his scowl slip and looks down at his lap.
'An orgasm?' Tony suggests then presses a soft kiss to Steve's cheek. 'We're not going to be keeping score and this isn't something you should ever feel... obliged to do.'
It is a relief to see Tony relax though.
Tony leans against his arm,
'You want that?' he speaks into Steve's hair.
'You don't remember?'
'For the sake of your son you need to come to some sort of agreement with Tony,' Bruce suggests.
'Without knowing exactly how this happened I cannot offer you any suggestions to avoid future occurrences.'
'In fairness to sir, on this occasion, it cost nothing as it was already in his possession,' Jarvis replies. 'To truly answer your question, however, I would estimate its value in the region of fifteen million dollars. Conservatively.'
'Rogers?' he asks blandly and doesn't miss Steve's flinch.
But what if Dada doesn't come back?
'Tony?' Steve takes a step closer.
'It is something of your modus operandi at this point, sir.'
'Back up, doll,' Tony calls over his shoulder to him as Hulk snarls and steps between them; his glare is now firmly on Steve.
Tony manages a smile but doesn’t look away from his work,
*          *          *
He hears a sigh over the comm. and then the picture shifts and he can see Tony scowling faintly at the helmet as he repositions it to look at him.
'Ok,' Pete pulls Thor over to his box of cars and tips them out onto the floor.
Steve sees the tiny flicker of pain that races across Tony's face,
*                                  *                                  *
Steve splutters.
'Peter Jarvis Stark,' Tony tells him with a grin, 'is asleep in my room. It's been quite a day for him and Jarvis told me seven thirty was a perfectly acceptable time for a three and a half year old to go to bed.'
'Everyone likes waffles,' Tony scoffs.
'Jarvis,' Tony turns back to his sandwiches, 'search for a table that matches the decor. Run it past Pepper and then get it delivered. By tonight if you can.'
How could anyone have a child like Tony, like Pete, and ever want to hurt them?
'Sure,' Steve feels his own smile falter. 'I don't know how things would have played out if I hadn't become...' he waves towards his body vaguely, 'but I'd like to think I helped.'
'Tony?'
He lets out a long sigh as Steve pets his hair and slumps against him, knowing his weight is nowhere near enough to knock the soldier from his feet.
'My math is always right,' Tony retorts but there's no bite behind it. 'I'm sending you a present.'
'You work really fast,' Bruce shakes his head again, impressed. 'So, if this second baby is yours...'
God super soldiers run warm!
'What were the choices?' Tony picks up his tablet with a sudden urgency. 'Jarvis, put me down for the terrine, the salmon and the tart.'
He waves a hand vaguely in the air,
He hears a scoff,
‘Yeah, but it’s not bad. I need to get it fixed though.’
‘Alright, fair enough. Not going to happen though,’ he quirks an awkward looking smile, ‘no hard feelings.’
of tech support from you!'
‘Good. Start warming up a Quinjet; I’ll be there shortly,’ Tony starts suiting up so Steve takes a step back.
‘We should make landfall,’ Jarvis doesn’t quite sound convinced but is clearly resigned.
'Perhaps you might ask him what he would do if he were here,' Jarvis replies.
And just holds out the crushed toaster.
In the end he does leave the tower, but only to go to the coffee place a few blocks over that he started visiting when he still lived in his SHIELD apartment.
‘You look kinda angry,’ Pete tells Steve. ‘Maybe Dada can fix it? Dada fixes things.’
Seeing Tony relax at his words is a little heartbreaking.
'Of course they are,' Tony mutters to himself. 'We knew they'd be good. I just want to know what's affecting the data set.'
Tony shrugs,
'Thank you,' Pete beams again and tucks in.
'What?' Steve, the saint he is, keeps petting his hair.
'You could put some clothes on if you're cold,' Steve hopes his voice sounds steady.
'I don't know,' Bruce shrugs, 'you've been getting along much better. Especially since Pete arrived.'
He makes himself some toast and pours some orange juice before sitting down at the table to read the newspaper that he picked up while he was out.
'You think Stark will answer it?' he sounds amused.
‘Ok!’ Tony interrupts his rambling. ‘This is great, really; Captain America is giving me a pep talk over some really expensive scotch…’
'It is yours,' Jarvis dismisses, 'you may do whatever you wish.'
'When you decide something needs to happen it certainly happens fast,' Bruce just laughs and shakes his head.
'Tony...' Steve tries before trailing off.
'I am ok,' Tony tells him, again, without looking up from his reading.
'Oh, just ignore all the rest of what I just said...'
'Alright,' Tony agrees. 'Come on, Pete, let's see which boxes Auntie Pepper put everything in.'
'Well?' Tony knows patience isn't his strongest suit. He stretches as he stands up from the couch where he's put his son down to sleep using his tailored suit jacket as a blanket. In a practiced move he dodges around Dummy to get to where Bruce is studying the data from the AIM servers.
'Dada?' Pete's head jolts up and he blinks blearily.
'I bet!' her smile becomes more teasing. 'The press conference was something of a surprise, by the way.'
Clint looks vaguely terrified by the prospect but Steve isn't strictly sure he's got permission to be around Pete right now.
'You're the one that wanted to hear from Florida.'
It's not that Tony doesn't consider telling people his plans before he enacts them, Steve realises, but rather he considers telling them, knows how long catching them up to his speed of thinking will take, and decides not to bother.
'I don't want him to feel that he has to,' Tony gestures violently without spilling a drop of scotch. 'That's the point, Pep!'
Jarvis doesn't reply.
Pepper is typing furiously,
'Help yourself,' Tony turns to gesture to a half full jug of coffee on a chair across the room.
'How are you, Tony?'
'Of course, sir.'
Tony isn't his to worry about like that.
'I can't see him,' Clint shakes his head.
'Tony,' Pepper sighs, 'Steve isn't some perfect god of a man that's judging you at every turn; he's upset that you don't trust him but he's capable of understanding why you don't.'
'Steve...'
'At least it can't fly,' Steve shrugs as he dodges around Pete and into his kitchen.
'Hey,' Tony laughs and tugs him against his side, 'I don't know about me, but I have it on good authority that Cap loves you, baby.'
‘Steve,’ Steve corrects resolutely.
Alfred considers him for a moment,
Hope you enjoyed.
'You are staying with me,' Tony reassures him. 'They're just going to be here too.'
'Yeah? Well, Cap's an overachiever,' Tony tells him and hops up onto one of the bar stools. 'Feed me.'
Steve laughs bitterly,
Steve is watching Pete but looks up at the sound of his voice,
Hours later, when it's over, a doctor comes out to tell them that it all went well and Tony will be coming around from his anesthetic shortly. Rhodey and Pepper both start quizzing her but Steve hasn't been able to tear his eyes from his partner.
'Jarvis,' Tony's voice is muffled where his head is under his pillow, 'please tell me Steve's on his way.'
'You're precious,' Tony tells him and walks out of the workshop as he's doing up his fly.
'Why do you stare at Dada?'
painting, into his lounge.
He turns to find his son and his two bots playing with some paper and pencils.
'Mainly Tony,' she settles onto the sofa.
'I'll get you another one.'
'Who knows?'
He's completed the sensor net installation in the hallway, and the small room between the ballroom and the entrance hall, now he's doing the blue lounge and next he'll tackle the entrance hall itself.
'What happened?' she sighs.
Well, he can't turn back now.
'There is space 'backstage',' Jarvis suggests, 'should you wish to wait to the side for sir to finish his announcement.'
'Will she want to play cars too?' Pete asks.
'I don't know.'
'It's good to see you too!'
He just shakes his head,
Why couldn't he have just sucked up his insecurities and told Steve the truth from the beginning?
He gets handed a large measure of scotch and waved to the sofa. Tony lounges across from him and gazes over the rim of his glass at Steve.
'It's really good to see you, Cap,' he inhales the vapour from his mug.
‘You've done this before?'
'Oh, he's quite cute, isn't he?' he smirks.
‘Captain Rogers,’ Jarvis repeats, ‘you requested I inform you when Mr Stark returned home.’
'Dada will come back?' his head is too heavy so he rests it on Thor.
'Tony?' Steve looks so utterly lost.
'He's Bruce's butler,' Tony nods. 'Jarvis is jealous that his job has been stolen and that my kid's affections are being appropriated.'
'I'm not,' Pete hasn't quite managed the tone of true exasperation that Tony uses. 'I'm trying the colours.'
Tony laughs,
'There's no downside,' Tony interrupts. 'Either Cap gets it and everything is fine or he's angry, but he'll be angry with me, not with Jim. If the only fall out is Cap being furious with me,' he shrugs, 'then I'm definitely doing the right thing.'
'No,' he manages to shake his head and smile at his friend, 'the name... his name is fine.'
'Dada is working now?' Pete looks up at him.
'Is it extremis?' Steve is carding his fingers through Tony's hair. 'I mean, computers think really quickly? Are you having really realistic dreams?'
Secondly the little boy, who has been half cringing from Steve this entire time, lights up at the sight of Tony and scrambles out from behind the machinery.
They come to a hovering stop and Tony makes a thoughtful sound. When Steve lifts his head to look around he finds them midair across from StarkTower and level with the penthouse landing platform.
'Of course, Captain.'
'Not sure I believe you,' he fights to keep his tone light.
'He hates it here,' he sighs and retrieves his sketch pad from the coffee table and settles himself in the window seat, 'I'm beginning to think Tony does a lot of things that he doesn't like.'
‘It’s helped me get laid more than once,’ he replies flippantly.
He's looking at the door again,
'I always have work to do,' Tony replies.
Before Steve realises it he's spent all morning playing with Tony and Pete, and he only realises then because Jarvis makes an unsubtle hint to Tony about it being lunchtime.
'Good morning,' Pepper glances between them and stops at the edge of the room. 'Am I interrupting?'
'Good, thanks Jarvis.'
Tony falls asleep in his arms several hours later.
'What about Florida?' Pepper gestures. 'What about the coding meeting? The publicity shots for the Gala? The budget meeting on Monday?'
'I'm not allowed to name human beings,' Tony declares.
'When did you...? Hey, Pete!'
Tony: his son's Dada.
'Can we talk about our son?' he asks quietly.
He doesn't bother asking how she knows it must have been Tony that upset him.
'Oh, ok,' Steve nods and loosens his hold.
'Most likely,' Natasha agrees, straight faced and not giving a thing away.
'Three and a half,' Tony nods, 'get it right, Cap.'
'Who?' he asks.
He will make this work.
'Dummy?'
'Of course, sir,' Jarvis replies.
'So what did you think?' he fights to keep his expression friendly.
Pepper is worried when she answers the phone, and Rhodey sounds likes he’s bracing himself for something.
Steve beats Tony down to the garage and paces beside the cars as the waits. Happy arrives first, carrying a suitcase and the suitcase suit which he puts in the back of a Bentley.
She always sees through his ballshit.
Steve feels his stomach drop,
'Yes, Pete?'
‘Oh, yeah, I remember Tony got you in on the helicarrier.’
'You have not known each other long enough for me to extrapolate outcomes,' Jarvis informs him regretfully.
'I want something flashier,' he tells her as he unbuttons his pants.
He goes a week without seeing Tony at all and finds he misses him terribly.
'Steve.'
Pete smiles,
'If we can get everyone else on board then this will be good for the world. Except the oil companies; they don't like me much.'
‘Good morning, Captain,’ sounds the voice.
He could get used to this morning routine.
Pepper just laughs; she's missed the bursts of chaos that come with living with Tony Stark.
'Blackwidow, status,' Steve orders.
'He thinks I rejected him because of... him?'
'Sir is in the living area of his penthouse, Captain. Would you like me to relay a message to him?'
'I always call you,' Tony finally walks into his room.
Steve is shaking his head and makes a soft aggrieved sound even as he tightens his fist around them both.
Right…
'What?'
'Of course,' Thor agrees. 'My Lady would not wish to steal from you. She is what you call an astrophysicist, so maybe she could play with this one with the stars?'
'The last one, sir?' Jarvis asks.
'I'd like to point out,' Tony starts talking as soon as the doors open to reveal Pepper, 'that this was not my fault and, all things considered, I think I did ok.'
He sits down on a park bench and drops his face into his hands.
‘Jarvis?’
He needs to have Jarvis at hand. This is satisfied on two fronts now; Jarvis is still responding over the phone, which seems to surprise everyone who comes into the room (Steve wonders if being from the past and finding everything a little unbelievable is actually a benefit when living with Tony as he takes things in stride by accident) and now he has the suit Tony has a more active interface with his friend.
'I'm fine.'
Steve surrenders himself to being kissed by a man who clearly knows what he’s doing and lets his hands rest hesitantly on Tony’s waist. Tony rubs his hands up Steve’s chest and then digs his fingers into his hair. He arches up against the taller man then jolts backwards with a wince.
Pete makes a small whimpering sound and then bursts into tears.
'Of course, Captain.'
'What's up, kid?' Clint smiles.
Pete just stares at her.
He finds Tony downing a glass of juice while slumped back against the kitchen island,
'No, Tony, I didn't mean it like that. I... Do you trust me, Tony?'
*                                  *                                  *
Tony swallows heavily as Steve lets go of his arm. He picks up his helmet and hesitates for a second.
'You got it Pep,' he sighs.
'I'll make you breakfast,' Steve offers before his brain catches up with his mouth, 'I'm not a sore loser even if I didn't know we were competing.'
'Of course, sir.'
Thank you all again for all the encouraging and helpful reviews! Hope you enjoy :-)
Tony hesitates for a moment then forces himself to walk away.
What toys could there possibly be on the helicarrier?
'Sir,' Jarvis interrupts, 'I wouldn't normally disturb you at this time, but you have been at the penthouse level for a while now and other people wish to have use of the lift.'
'He's only ever left Pete with me,' Steve realises.
'I got him to tell the Captain about Jim and now I'm tagging you in; it's your turn.'
'You'd like a baby then?' she smiles innocently but her eyes are laughing.
He nods.
‘I… there must be…’ Steve clenches his fist to prevent himself from reaching for Tony to give him a shake.
'Ok,' Pete watches him before turning to a fresh sheet of paper. 'I like painting.'
'What. Did. You. Do?'
'Right, of course you're right.'
'Rogers, you're making me self-conscious,' Tony pushes his half-eaten food away. 'Which is a very strange feeling for me.'
'Sorry,' Steve is petting his hair, 'I should have guessed you'd be tired.'
'Never would have thought of that,' Tony sighs and Steve glares at him.
'In order of cleanliness, sir,' Jarvis supplies.
'It seemed like a good idea at the....' Tony frets and cuts himself off. 'Oh, fuck, ok I messed up. I'll get rid of it.'
'Hey, Pete,' he smiles and tucks the boy in beside him before falling back to sleep.
'Are you sad, Dada? Don't be sad,' Pete comes over and holds up his arms.
He gives the soldier a push but he doesn't budge,
'You should drink more coffee,' Pete tells him, 'then you'd be smart.'
'But...'
'I...' she seems to have forgotten her words.
'Not great,' he pours himself a smoothie. He offers one to Rhodey, just to see the face he pulls. Rhodey just pours himself some water. 'He left. Don't think he's talking to me right now.'
'The readings are unusual,' Jarvis is clearly confused. 'But there is nothing harmful.'
'I'm fine, darling,' he can feel metal fingers brushing through his hair, 'I promise you I'm fine.'
'You are fishing for compliments, sir,' Jarvis replies.
‘We needed a new one anyway,’ Tony grins and turns back.
'However,' Jarvis adds, 'I suspect such a scenario is unlikely.'
The bot rearranges things to show the data Tony's interested in while he suggests the source.
Two days later and Tony hasn’t emerged.
Clint sits himself on the floor and promptly builds a tower.
And Tony has been awake for something like 44 hours...
*                                  *                                  *
'I haven't been there,' Steve places the bike by the lift.
'Need?' Steve takes a couple of steps into the room.
'Alfred?' he asks.
'I think this may be yours?' Steve asks a few minutes later, holding up a StarkTab.
'I want to.'
His mind blanks as he stares at his son.
‘Jarvis!’ Tony calls, but of course the AI doesn’t respond here. He flinches away violently from Steve’s outstretched hand and manages to remove the IV from his arm as well as the monitors for his blood pressure and his heart rate.
‘Right,' Rhodey lets out what must be a sigh of relief.
'Dummy?'
, he thinks,
'Sticks?' Steve offers him a lopsided smile. 'I had a baseball and some toy soldiers.'
'Do you have a third favourite?' Thor asks.
'Then, Bruce,' he gestures across the lab to the sleeping child, 'meet Peter Jarvis Stark and,' he gestures to the incubator, 'James Steven Stark.'
'That's...' he cuts himself off; it's not ok. 'Why didn't you tell me?'
'Yes, Peter,' Jarvis sounds amused, the traitor, 'it is now seven twenty. Good morning.'
'Sir?'
The expression that crosses Tony’s face then isn’t one he recognises but looks a little calculating.
Jarvis didn't wake him, so Pete must be fine; Steve must have arrived.
'Good choice,' Tony smirks.
Tony just shakes his head and glances around as he pants. Steve appears to be kneeling on the floor and he's managed to get himself into the soldier's lap.
'He's just...' he's not there.
'Now you get to meet all of Dada's team mates,' Tony tells him as they ride up. 'We'll put these back in the penthouse and then we'll go down to the communal floor for food.'
Tony gazes at him with those big brown eyes.
'Yes, Captain Cautious,' Tony ignores the bullets that ping against his armour and continues to stare the data he's lifting from the AIM servers. 'Hulk, be a dear?'
Steve's mouth fills with saliva and he swallows heavily before following suit leaving himself sprawled on the bed in just his briefs. Tony crawls onto the bed so he's hovering over Steve and gives him a nudge to move up towards the headboard.
Steve opens his eyes, finally, and gazes up with huge dilated pupils. His eyes widen as Tony immediately tips over the edge and empties himself down Steve's throat. Tony groans as Steve works to swallow around him. He gazes at the soldier as he catches his breath and sees him shudder before slumping forwards to pant against Tony's thigh.
'Yes, Captain.'
How anyone can ever meet Jarvis and think for a second he is anything but as stubbornly loyal as his creator is beyond her.
He can do this.
'Funky,' Steve represses a smile.
'Where's Cap?'
'I know,' Tony presses kisses up the tear tracks on his face to his eyes and then hugs him tightly. 'I'm sorry. I'm going to have words with Jarvis.'
Tony glances at his son.
‘Where are we?’ Tony gets to his feet as Steve hovers nervously.
'Iron Man just tells him to do things he was already inclined to do,' Natasha disagrees as she starts piling bodies.
This is too much.
So now both of his arms are trapped.
'I need to shower,' Steve shifts uncomfortably under him.
'You should paint too.'
Tony fixes his gaze on Steve as his thumbs rub absent mindedly against Steve's stomach,
‘Sir, I do not believe even you could afford me if I desired to be paid.’
'Cap,' a small hand pats his face.
'Please no...' he whispers as he tries to gently pry Tony's fingers from his arm.
*          *          *
Steve laughs but Tony's pretty sure he doesn't entirely understand.
'Good morning, sir. Peter is currently eating blueberry pancakes with Captain Rogers.'
'That would be ok?' he asks. 'That doesn't sound like a thing that would be ok.'
'I should charge for my services.'
'Huh,' Tony scowls and glances back at his tablet. 'Déjà vu then.'
'Sure you will,' Tony agrees before looking to Pepper, 'Pete and Cap need to be at our table.'
'That's ok, Tony, he needs time to process.'
'This place is incredible,' he changes the subject. 'Has Tony really never spent time here?'
As the song ends Tony passes Pepper to another man and flashes his Tony-Stark smile as he leaves the dance floor. Steve joins him at the bar where the bartender has produced a martini with no prompting and placed it on the bar.
'That was tomorrow?' Tony wanders over to the wall to look at the boxes. 'Why am I not going to DC? I could have made it to DC. I have a jet.'
'Three thirty this morning,' Jarvis reports. 'I supervised the installation.'
At the end of the second day since the ‘incident’ Tony is fiddling with a tablet by the window. Steve and Clint talk about future strategies that will use Clint’s abilities to better effect.
'Can we have burgers and fries, please?' he diverts easily into beaming at a stewardess who's bringing over his coffee now that they're in the air. 'And juice. Orange juice with bits.'
'Nope.'
Pete tries to insist on carrying the bag himself but, as it's larger than he is, Steve manages to convince him to hand it over.
'Have a go.'
She just stares at him.
Steve always flusters so easily but it's great how he soldiers on.
'Sorry, Pete,' Steve shakes his head with a laugh. 'Tony, is this a gun?'
'Do you need any help?'
'That must be a modern saying,' Steve turns back to his lunch.
He watches as the little boy curls up beside him before suddenly looking up at him with Tony's eyes,
'Right, here goes nothing; I'm pulling the plug...' he sees Tony shift his grip on something.
'And Rhodey?'
'You were busy,' Steve is apparently drinking in the sight of him. 'You've only been down there three days and you're here now.'
'You are horny all the time,' Tony informs him and then shoves a forkful of food into his mouth.
‘Shall we?’
'It's alright, buddy,' Tony presses his cheek to his son's head.
'What the fuck am I doing here?'
'You do!' Tony puts down his empty glass and leans forwards to put his face in his hands. 'You thought I should tell Steve all along but didn't say so? Why?'
'You really think it's ok to keep his son from him?'
'What was it?' Steve asks nervously.
They spend the rest of the afternoon messing around in the workshop with Pete and the bots. For dinner the return to the penthouse to join Pepper. Rhodey cooks steak while Tony manages a salad to go with it as Pete and Pepper curl up on the sofa and read a story off of Pete's StarkTab.
*          *          *
'You are Tony Stark,' Jarvis replies, 'you are Iron Man.'
'Come on,' Tony pats him the shoulder and nudges him back to the lift. 'Let's go to the workshop.'
, and works himself up to talking to Tony.
There's a split second, as Tony gets up from the bench, where Steve is insanely aware of the distance between them and then he's reached out and grabbed hold of Tony's hand.
'A drunk tried to get handsy with Nat and Bruce stepped between them; he got a knife in his gut for his trouble.'
'I don't like talking about my mother.'
'Catastrophic,' Rhodey repeats dryly. 'For us, Tony, the public or SI?'
'Really?' Tony doesn't look convinced.
Steve shoots him one of those looks he hasn't been able to decipher,
'You got him dressed alright?' Tony asks as he swallows down some more coffee. He nods vaguely to where his son is clearly not dressed in the pyjamas Tony put him to bed in.
He considers that,
'Barely,' Tony replies.
He sniffs as he looks around.
'And what about when you're out as a team, do any of them in particular have your back?'
‘We’ve got this now,’ Natasha calls. ‘Go Stark.’
Tony cracks his eye open again and looks around,
He chokes. Quite spectacularly actually.
'What about Cap?' Pete squirms in his seat to try and see over his shoulder.
‘Jarvis?’
‘Shouldn’t you rest…’ Steve objects as Tony sidles around him to his computer station. Butterfingers stops Steve from immediately following by pushing a mug into Steve’s hands.
‘I said get out,’ Tony repeats with a snarl. ‘You can’t just… It’s disrespectful, alright? That’s a thing they had in the 40s right?’
'Dull,' he can hear Tony's dismissal. 'Pepper only makes me come to remind the Board how much better they have it when I don't come. One moment...' Tony starts speaking rapidly in a language Steve doesn't understand. Steve can hear the responses of whoever Tony's speaking to and keeps quiet as they finish their conversation.
He giggles some more and squirms in Clint's arms until he finally stops,
‘Steve,’ Bruce interrupts, ‘I know you’re worried, but I really don’t think there’s anything SHIELD can do to help in this situation. It was Loki’s magic, after all.’
'Gimme,' Tony agrees and joins Pete at the table.
'Your own intelligence could be argued to be genetic,' Bruce adds mildly.
‘No, Tony’s still angry with me. Can you… summarise this for him? Let him know I would love to be invited down?’
'I don't mind,' Tony blinks at him. 'And Pete likes you.'
Steve blinks in surprise and moves his mouth silently as he tries to think of what to say.
Dada has better watches.
‘Good morning,’ Steve always replies because being polite never hurt anyone.
'Probably,' Tony agrees as he flicks his fingers a few times. 'Enlarge, Jarvis,' a hologram appears between them which hopefully makes more sense to Tony than it does to Steve.
‘He’s in lockdown,’ Pepper scowls. ‘Unless you can convince Jarvis to let you in you’ll have to wait for Tony to come out.’
'You'll be a great dad, Cap.'
Steve stares at the message blankly for a full minute,
‘Forgive me,’ Tony demands suddenly and wraps one armoured hand around Steve’s jaw and tips his face to receive a heated kiss.
'Tell me that was ok, Steve?' he pets Steve's hair as comfortingly as he can.
'You think something down here did this?'
'Ok,' Pete doesn't seem convinced.
Tony groans.
(See the end of the chapter for
At first he's still just confused but it morphs into shock. He then looks briefly delighted before returning to confused,
'I couldn't let myself be out of commission for as long as the recovery from this would need,' Tony pushes himself up before Steve thinks to stop him.
'Yeah, sure,' Tony nods, 'so increase outer plating thickness by a millimetre.'
*          *          *
Clint just laughs and revs the engine as they pull off down the drive.
'Of course,' Pepper laughs, 'where is he?'
'Two and a half months if we're going to believe this convenient countdown,' Bruce gestures to the screen. 'I'll read the rest of their notes to be sure.'
And becomes increasingly concerned.
Something wakes him again and he tenses until he sees a familiar blue light coming closer.
'It's Tony,' she rests her head on his shoulder, 'he needs a shove in the right direction occasionally, but he's a good guy; he won't want to keep you apart.'
Tony reappears with two suitcases which he drops by the lift,
'Negative,' she refuses.
Steve just laughs and pulls on a shirt before getting on the lift,
'Come, little warrior,' Thor beckons, 'we must find sustenance after such exertion.'
'And Howard?' Steve can feel his distress turning to anger. 'What possible excuse could he have for ignoring the abuse of his only son?'
'I hope it's big enough for the both of us.'
Tony is wearing the boots from one of his suits and is hovering up by the ceiling. He watches as Tony adjusts his position, clearly checking something in his eyepiece, and then drills a hole into the ceiling and a cascade of plaster falls down to the floor.
‘What did you do?’ she turns a baffled look to Steve, his face crumples. ‘No, sweetie, I believe you, I do, but Tony’s clearly upset about something. It’s certainly a misunderstanding.’
'This alright?' Tony pulls back so they can each grab a breath and then presses in for another kiss without waiting for Steve to answer.
'I hope so. I'd give you anything you need to make it easier.'
'Because those are the ones to plan for,' he takes another bite of the mystery sandwich.
'Oh God...'
‘Of course, sir,’ Jarvis sounds amused.
'Clarke,' Tony continues to ignore him and addresses the young man with his arms tightly crossed against his chest standing against the wall. 'Charge me for one of the latest Stark phones.'
Long story short Bruce is electrocuted and Hulk emerges in the communal area. Steve, Clint and Natasha are all there at the time and back away slowly. Steve scans the room for the best way to get out and possibly get to his shield. He guesses the other two are thinking along the same lines.
*                                  *                                  *
‘Talking to yourself is a sign of madness,’ Steve points out, making Tony jolt in surprise, ‘Clint told me.’
'Yes, sir.'
'Tony,' Rhodey's speaking gently now, 'he likes you.'
'Ok,' Pete agrees promptly.
'Steve,' Natasha greets him as she comes in. 'I thought you were having breakfast with Stark?'
'We don't know,' Tony admits. 'Their notes don't say why. I guess they hope the serum will be inheritable.'
'I rejected him.'
Steve’s mouth opens and closes in surprise,
Tony snorts and pulls back,
He shoots her a pleading look,
'Hey,' Steve offers over the picture.
'I want to stay with Cap,' Pete declares.
'Because it's dangerous and I have no intention of losing you or letting you be hurt.'
Tony’s eyes go wide as the arc glows brightly in his chest before settling down,
Steve blushes but holds his gaze,
'I'm a billionaire with a support structure, such as it is, outside of the team,' Tony grins self-depreciatingly. 'Cap only has the team and still occasionally freaks out over the price of takeout.'
'Ok,' Steve smiles.
'Nearly got it, buddy,' Tony replies.
Tony notices that the red gloves are actually from an Iron Man costume,
‘Jarvis is the best at telling stories,’ Pete tells him as he sits under the table with a tablet of his own. ‘He does all the voices and makes the sounds!’
(See the end of the chapter for
They come in for a rough landing and Steve rolls away so Tony can use his left arm to stabilise himself.
This of course allows Pete to roll over his right arm and resettle with his back against Steve’s side.
Steve is uncomfortable around her, he still hasn’t learnt to speak to women, but faced with that or being on his own he knows what he’d prefer.
'You're...' Tony waves a hand at him.
‘One hour forty seven minutes,’ Tony repeats.
'I love it when it's your turn to cook,' Clint grins as Steve and Bruce carry in covered serving plates on trays.
There’s a long pause during which Steve forces himself to remember to breathe as he rushes for the lift,
It’s daunting because all the communal areas that Steve has taken to spending time in are no longer deserted and he feels awkward inserting himself into what is clearly a comfortable friendship.
'Thank you,' he repeats as tries not to enjoy the feel of Tony in his arms too much.
Pete looks up at him, looking confused,
'Tony?' they both look up to see Rhodey just inside the door of the workshop.
'All the people Natasha tries to set me up with are either SHIELD agents or undercover SHIELD agents?'
'Sir would likely appreciate that.'
'Uh huh,' Pete takes a strangely tentative step into the room.
Steve represses a flinch at his tone,
That would be his son.
'Right,' Steve gears himself up to take control of the situation, 'we need to keep him contained until he calms down. Clint, go and... Tony!'
‘Half an hour,’ Tony shrugs. ‘No point putting it in until we get back to the tower though.’
Steve wraps his arms around Tony's waist and pulls them tight together. He does then almost shy away when he realises Tony's hard against his leg.
'Alright,' she agrees. Her expression remains pleasant but her gaze sharpens.
Tony just looks confused.
'What the hell am I going to do if what I've just made for Richards is completely inexplicable even to the man who designed it?'
‘You can still make the shot from that far?’ Steve asks and receives only a dirty look as a response. ‘Alright! Ok, that’s great. Then we can…’
It's around six hours later when Tony's research is interrupted by Dummy calling to him over the network.
'If you'd like to,' Steve agrees with a helpless smile. 'Come on, then,' he gestures to the lift. 'Let's get dinner cooking and then we can watch some TV.'
'Hey,' Steve looks suitably charmed when Pete runs over to give him a hug. 'Did you get your work done?'
Could he seriously just accept it and hang it on the wall? It is lovely.
'No evidence of duplicate messages, sir,' Jarvis adds.
Steve knows he's smiling goofily,
‘Yes, sir.’
'Dada,' Pete replies loyally.
Steve winces as the car flips itself over against his ankle.
'Idiot...' she groans.
'That's impressive,' Bruce sits beside Natasha.
'We'll stick it up somewhere,' Tony tells him. 'Somewhere it won't accidentally catch fire.'
'Oh,' Steve blushes as his hips rise to meet Tony's. 'Umm...'
'It's good,' Steve smiles as he looks at the blue figure holding a shield. 'He needs a head though.'
'Thanks,' he smiles. Pete makes a sound that might mean the same, but he's taken a large bite of his apple. 'Don't talk with your mouth full,' he laughs as Alfred leaves them alone.
Steve squares his shoulders and meets Natasha's gaze head on.
‘One of us should go with him?’
'Sir will be longer than he thought,' the AI declares. 'He wanted me to check that one of you would be able to make sure Pete has dinner; he is caught in a conference call with his R&D department in Florida.'
Tony turns and takes a few steps back towards the lift before he's interrupted,
'What?'
'Captain, don't give up on him,' Jarvis adds. 'Please.'
'No,' Tony knows he looks baffled.
'You think this is better for Steve?' she hisses at him.
'I essplored earlier,' Pete tells him, 'with Jarvis and Alfred!'
'A golf ball, Tony,' Rhodey groans. 'I'm not kidding.'
'Don't do that!' Steve retorts, horrified. 'I'm fine, I promise.'
'With Dada,' Pete insists. 'He promised.'
'What? No. I was definitely with Steve.'
'Urgh,' Tony groans. 'He keeps assuming knowledge of other publications,' he opens the referenced article on another of his screens, 'I pity whoever it was that had to read through this to award his latest doctorate.'
'He must be here,' he insists. 'Where could he go?'
Did he think he would be off the Avengers? Did he think Steve would...
Tony grins at him,
After eating Pete settles against Steve's chest and tucks his head under his chin,
'Oh,' Steve holds the basket awkwardly for a moment before moving to place it on the table, 'thank you. What's the occasion?'
'I'll come up with you.'
'Statistically that is quite likely,' Tony points out. 'The mother get's to make the choice if she doesn't want the father involved.'
'He's lots of people's favourite.'
'You're going to get him one, aren't you?' Steve sounds amused.
The AI stays silent.
'So, we're good?'
'Yes,' Steve hooks a finger into one of his belt loops and pulls until his face is pressed beside Tony's groin. 'I want...' he places a gentle kiss to Tony's fly.
'What day is it?' Tony stretches and walks over to gaze at the quietly humming machine.
'Do you wish to fight sir for custody?'
Well, he follows Steve’s orders. Or, possibly, he’s doing his own thing and it is pure coincidence that it coincides with what Steve wants. Steve worries about that far more than he probably should.
'Sure thing,' Tony nods and waves vaguely to tell Jarvis to sort that out. 'We have a bit of time before it arrives,' he leers.
'Jarvis, wasn't I with Steve?'
'You really think you'd be able to cope slumming it in my room? Pete reliably informs me that yours is much bigger.'
Pete stays still when he wakes up; this isn't Dada's room.
Clint bales almost before he's stopped the car but Steve hovers around looking like a kicked puppy.
'Smartass,' he finishes Steve's coffee.
Butterfingers whirs then settles against Tony’s shoulder as You presents the decanter and crouches down to press against Tony’s shin.
'Up!' he pokes Tony in the ribs.
'Nah, he's a teddy bear,' he tells her. 'In both forms, actually.'
'I want my ice cream now,' Clint tells him after Pete has paid.
'You know it doesn't work like that,' she sighs and tucks herself against his side.
'Ladies and gentlemen of the press,' Tony quirks an eyebrow, 'I give you Captain America,' there are flashes from their cameras. 'Super strong, tactical genius, all round good guy and,' he makes sure he's grinning at Steve, 'apparently not a great babysitter.'
Tony just stares at him.
'That's Jim,' he tells her.
'Oh my god...'
'Your attempt at changing the subject is not subtle.'
'Come on,' Steve props him up into a seating position. 'I need to make sure you don't brain yourself on the way to bed.'
Steve has learnt not to comment to Tony about Howard.
'Right,' Tony gazes at him and then gives a quick nod. 'Thanks, I'll see you later.'
Steve intercepts his wrist and shakes his head.
'Daddy sounds good,' he smiles at the baby grow.
'No he didn't,' Steve disagrees. 'He backed you up but he never would have shot me.'
Tony starts planning in his head,
'Good boy,' he kisses his forehead and stands to face his fellow Avengers, 'he had better be in one piece when I get back,' he waits for their nods. 'Alright, I love you, Pete, I'll see you later.'
Tony smiles and offers a sloppy salute to the group.
'Here,' Thor has put their food on the table, 'bacon and eggs within bread.'
Steve looks at the picture of his son again,
‘How big of a chance?’
Tony just curls himself against Steve's chest and clings.
Tony just hums and then kisses him,
Pete takes the blanket and pulls it to his chest as he tucks himself closer to Tony.
'You are far too important to be hurting yourself like this,' Steve gazes at him seriously.
Jarvis is such an enabler.
He smoothes Pete's hair away from his face and presses a kiss to his forehead.
'You want him to love you,' Rhodey snaps quietly. 'Tony, the boy is a clone but he isn't you. You don't need to repair his childhood anymore than you already are. Pete loves you; you're his Dada. He doesn't need to have another parent to be happy.'
‘Thanks Jarvis,’ Steve sighs.
Steve shakes his head and turns back in time to flip the pancakes again,
Tony lays himself back onto Steve's chest and kisses the blonde as he uncaps the lube one-handed. He rocks down against Steve who's only too happy to spread his legs to make space for him. He licks his way into Steve's mouth as he presses his finger back to Steve's opening.
'Yeah,' Tony shrugs, 'but if he could see me at all Maria never touched me. At Pete's age he was my hero; he kept her away and he sometimes told me stories. I mean, he was mostly drunk when he did that and the stories were always how amazing Captain America was and how no one else could ever compare, but it was more than I got from anyone else so...' he shrugs again.
'I need to pack,' Steve shakes his head. 'I'll see you there,' he ducks his head into the back of the Audi and presses a kiss to Pete's cheek, 'I'll see you at lunch, ok Pete?'
'You have magical powers,' he tells the soldier as he abandons his meal and rounds the table to place himself on Steve's lap.
‘Certainly, sir,’ Jarvis responds and a large TV lowers itself from the ceiling, making Steve jump and Clint moan.
'No! No, don't bother him with that; it's all very technical.'
'And what do you want for Christmas?' she's clearly ready to wrap this up.
'Why not?' Tony agrees. 'Apparently I'm going to be gaining a space in the garage after the Gala...'
‘I am afraid not, sir,’ comes the disembodied voice. ‘If, in the future, you could avoid setting off explosions…’
'What you have been doing is sufficient,' Jarvis replies. 'Anything extra that you might do can only be at sir's request; he does not appreciate what he would see as meddling.'
He didn't really expect one.
'Yeah,' he scoffs and drags his fingers through his hair.
'Thanks, Jay. Should I wear a suit?'
'Veto on those as well,' the smile gains confidence.
'Other one?' Steve finds himself looking around wildly as though a child might suddenly jump out from somewhere.
Pete beams.
When lunchtime rolls around it's Alfred that brings them up some food without any prompting.
It’s a really good job that the rest of the Avengers and the Fantastic Four are there for this battle as Steve’s world has narrowed to the pained panting he can hear through the comm. from Tony. The suit drops to one knee and Tony droops to press his left hand to the floor.
'Hullo Jarvis,' Pete says carefully.
‘I am jealous of that. How many board meeting would go my way if I…?’
'I'm going to the Mansion, not a technological wilderness; I'll get cell coverage there.'
'Their involvement was always likely, sir.'
'Excuse me?' Steve immediately thinks of all the underhanded methods Tony uses in sparring sessions.
'I do not have any suggestions for you, sir,' he replies regretfully.
'I best go and save his Dada then,' Steve grins and pours a mug of strong coffee.
On the screen he sees Tony read the message and then shoot a smirk at the screen. He starts typing again even as he's responding verbally to a question from someone else.
Luckily Tony doesn't seem to notice as he's found Steve's coffee from earlier. Once he's finished that, he presses a quick kiss to his son's head and heads back to Steve's room.
'And would he have liked me?' he asks.
Steve's fingers are fumbling for his zipper before he knows it. He braces himself with a hand on Steve's shoulder and runs the other gently through his hair,
'Sure,' Tony settles down, 'thanks Jay.'
‘That’s not the reason,’ Steve disagrees and Tony flinches. Steve hesitates and then steps close enough to press a kiss to Tony’s cheek, ‘why, Tony?’
'Nnnnaarrrgh!' he scrubs at his hair with both hands. 'Fine; I'll have to eat and get another few rooms wired before getting ready for them.'
'What?' he manages to ask quietly.
Pete rests his head on his shoulder, much easier now his helmet is off,
Men...
'I'm sorry,' Steve forges on, 'that I haven't made you believe, made you
‘I’ve lost my memory, Pep,’ Tony tells her then steps into the lift, without even glancing back at Steve, and he’s gone.
Bruce smiles and shrugs apologetically,
A ballroom with a ceiling that must be four storeys high, a giant sweeping double staircase that dominates the opposite wall and with a floor that, if waxed, could plainly be incredibly beautiful.
'Is he winning?' Steve smiles.
'Sir,' Jarvis cuts in, 'the elephant in question is under Peter's bed.'
He'll just have to add working into tomorrow night to working through tonight.
'Why?' Pete cocks his head. 'I've seen cars. Cars are better than horses.'
Steve manages a laugh,
'Sir, I could instead direct you to the location of the original elephant?'
'Walk with me,' she instructs.
'If you say so,' Tony rolls onto his back making Pete topple off of him with a giggle.
Tony ignores him and drags his fingers though his hair,
'I want Dada,' Pete's lower lip trembles.
He flashes up a grin,
Steve leaves earlier than normal for his morning run and chooses the longest of his various routes.
Pete wasn't sure what that meant except that Thor then drew a sword and told Pete he'd show him sword stuff.
'Hey, Pete,' he watches Steve gazing with pure affection at his son. 'Pancakes good for breakfast?'
'Where's your Dada?'
'We'd drive each other insane,' Steve laughs.
'Cap needs coffee for his brain, Dada,' Pete pats Tony's arc reactor.
'Hey,' Tony puts the sensors down and scoops up his son, 'it's my two favourite men.'
'Oh, of course,' Steve collects it from where he'd left it with his bike keys. 'I guess I'll learn how to use that function then.'
'Luckily I live with people who are better at the waking early thing than I am.'
'Steve won't hate me for lying, will he?' Tony asks, mostly asleep now.
He immediately spots Steve sitting on his couch with the TV quietly playing some cartoon. Steve looks up and their eyes meet briefly before Tony concentrates on his son. Pete is fast asleep, hugging his blanky, with his head in Steve's lap.
'Captain,' Jarvis sounds apologetic, 'sir reaches conclusions very quickly.'
‘Just did,’ Tony offers him a grin.
that I have a sentient AI that lives in the internet, ok?’
Now Steve’s going to have to build his confidence up all over again!
'Well, there's a spare room on my floor.'
Steve watches the news as he eats breakfast and sees a brief shot of Tony with Pepper on his arm as they attend a charity event over in Singapore. Tony looks as gorgeous as always, but Steve fancies that he maybe looks tired.
Of course, in truth, he is still feeling massively lonely so two additional people who he can at least sit near and listen to their conversation is a relief.
'Be good,' he calls out as the doors to the lift close.
'Good night,' Tony tells him quietly. 'I love you.'
'Yeah, that's on me. I got the data from our trial run in DC and wanted to get things moving.'
His AI knows him too well.
'The clone is of Stark,' Natasha adds. 'The data he has recovered is most likely the research into achieving that and their plans for raising the boy.'
'Dick!' Rhodey manages as he gasps in a lungful of air.
'Join me,' Tony smirks.
'Be quiet, Hawkeye,' Natasha scolds.
‘Hey,’ Steve sits on the bed and tugs Tony into a hug.
'You've got a few kinks in you, Cap,' Tony grins. 'I'll remember that.'
‘What?’ Steve stares at Tony in surprise.
'No breakfast in bed?' Tony dumps his tablet and gets up.
'Right...' Tony shifts his attention back out of the network. 'Mmm?'
'Tony...'
He finds Tony, his tumbler beside him on the floor, lounging in his desk chair in the middle of the room with Dummy’s ‘head’ in his lap, Butterfingers is just behind him and You is fetching him a decanter from across the room.
Steve drops the phone as he bucks twice more into his own fist and shouts Tony's name as he comes.
'Where are Captain Rogers and Agent Barton?' he demands.
'I'm sure I speak for many single ladies when I say we'll keep our fingers crossed that you'll change your mind!'
‘All my stuff is on the server,’ Tony rolls his eyes and walks over to drop down next to Bruce. ‘Jarvis, media server choices on the TV please.’
Steve can't imagine having anything but the highest degree of love for his mom.
'Everyone is!'
'Oh, come on,' Tony rolls his eyes, 'you look like you're gearing up to beat on him.'
‘Of course not,’ Steve agrees readily as he crushes down that tiny glimmer of hope that he’d apparently still been carrying, ‘I just want us to still be friends.’
Fury has moved on to more routine briefing topics now so Tony has settled himself into his chair and is fiddling with his tablet. Steve has opted not to waste his time scolding him, but also refuses to respond to the faint vibrations coming every few minutes from his phone.
Steve looks vaguely relieved, as if he expected Tony to actually insist he be the one to go.
'Of course, sir,' Jarvis sounds strangely relieved.
'Good work,' Tony lifts Pete onto his hip. 'Where's Alfred?'
'Right,' Steve sighs in relief.
'Tony?' he calls as he sits up and looks around.
'Do you want to be the one that tells him no?' he quirks an eyebrow.
'One of my very favourite people is called Anthony,' he replies.
'Shut up,' Steve laughs at his own expense and shoves Tony with his elbow.
'Right,' Tony nods, looking more uncertain than Steve has ever seen him. 'He never told me, you know? Howard never told me if he...'
'Yes,' Steve replies with a little difficulty. It's not quite true, but it soon will be.
'I think Steve has enough to be worrying about.'
If he wasn't painfully aware of what a heart attack feels like he would swear he was having one.
‘You and Butterfingers are both younger than Jarvis,’ Tony downs the remainder of his drink and pushes Dummy aside so he can stand. ‘Jarvis was a massive error on my part; fundamental miscalculation of how AIs should be created.’
'Great,' Tony rolls his shoulders. 'Come on, Pete, I have work to do.'
'Yeah,' Steve smiles at him as he pulls back a little. 'You've been working really hard lately; can we, just tonight, go to sleep and wake up together?'
'Where is he?' he rakes their surroundings with his eyes. 'We can have only looked away for a minute!'
He needs to speak to someone.
If anyone knows better please tell me :-)
'I bet I could make a lead that you couldn't break,' Tony's got the expression on his face that means he's thought up something very clever. 'I'm asking Jarvis to take a photo of you right now because I know you're blushing.'
'The sixth,' Jarvis corrects.
Second chapter of the night.
'I was doing ok and you clearly would have been ok spending time with him without knowing.'
‘I don’t think the other guy would be appreciated at your parties, Tony,’ Bruce just smiles.
'Here,' Steve puts a stack of pancakes in front of Tony and pours syrup over the lot, 'I'll take Pete and you eat those.'
How messed up is it that he wishes this little domestic scene they've acted out were real?
‘The reactor could be brought to meet you part way,’ Steve challenges without changing his tone.
'Dada?'
‘What…?’
'Where are you?' he asks again.
'Are you doing it?' is the next message. 'Are you hard for me, sweetheart?'
*          *          *
'Oh,' his son pouts. 'But I can ride in it?'
There’s an edge to his voice that Steve hates.
Tony lounges against the wall just inside the door to his penthouse bedroom; there's a sleeping super soldier in his bed.
'Hah,' Tony's still grinning at him, 'guess you are.'
'Shall I open it?' he hesitates.
'Sorry, Cap,' Tony doesn't sound, or look, sorry.
Steve tries very hard to avoid moping as he goes back to his own floor before returning to the communal floor for some breakfast.
Steve looks massively conflicted.
'We'll be out of here by then. Make sure they know they can help themselves to the kitchen.'
'Hey, I'm just aiming to be better than Howard,' Tony shrugs.
Tony just scoffs,
Then the moment’s over and Tony recoils and scrambles for the desk phone by the bed.
'Tony, you're exhausted. Can you really trust your math when you're this tired?'
‘Steve,’ Tony repeats and his smile softens into something more genuine.
'Don't you get snarky with me,' Tony claims the first mug from the coffee machine.
He steps off onto his own floor intending to go straight to the shower but stops when he sees what looks like a large picture frame covered with a dust sheet.
Steve laughs and comes over to claim his drink,
'Yeah,' he pets Pete's hair absently.
'Maybe I looked at them in my sleep with extremis and just don't remember?' he asks into the network.
Steve knows he's blushing now,
Tony huffs about it but eventually agrees when Steve tells him everyone has questions.
‘What does that mean?’
There's a moment when Steve is certain Tony is going to laugh at him but then,
'That's what you think of me?' Steve asks quietly.
'Was I right?' Tony asks as he bites and kisses his way down Steve's neck and chest. 'If I take long enough over this will you beg?'
When Steve wakes up the next morning he finds a bouquet of flowers in the livingroom on his floor. There isn't a note attached but Steve assumes Tony must have had them sent.
'Are you angry?' Pete is looking between them.
'It's quite a lot the point.'
When Tony wakes up he makes his way automatically to the nearest coffee machine. He doesn't really notice that he's in his workshop until he's most of his way through a third mug of coffee. He looks around blearily.
'Sure.'
‘Did you not have a spare?!’ Steve demands, horrified by his team mate’s irresponsibility.
'Yeah, well, I'm just glad we found Pete when we did.'
'I like ice cream,' Pete adds.
He forces himself to watch the movie but he can’t keep himself from being unnaturally aware of Tony dozing a couple of feet away.
'I was not.'
'Yes,' Pete nods.
'Sir is a large presence,' Jarvis suggests. 'I cannot fault you for missing him as much of my existence focuses on his desires.'
'I'm very impressed,' Steve grins.
He quite likes the ice cream.
'I suspected Captain Rogers would not mind if Peter used some of his paper,' Jarvis says by way of explanation.
'Yeah, that's nothing,' he tells the sofa cushion. 'Ask Pepper; I've made it to fifty before and still been lucid.'
'Ok, let's start at the beginning,' she tones down her flirting. 'Stark Industries has changed a lot over the years but with you and Ms Potts in charge it's more profitable than ever.'
Steve swallows,
'When was the last time I went to a budget meeting?'
'I'll miss you,' Steve stops himself from reaching for Tony so that he doesn't rumple his suit. Tony smiles and then sweeps out of the door and is gone.
'Me, Bruce, Jarvis, Pepper and Rhodey,' Tony tells him promptly.
*                                  *                                  *
the first one,' Steve laughs. How is he so chirpy in the morning?
'Your father is meeting with those important to your Industries,' Thor tells him.
'God, Tony!' Steve is kissing him again. 'Please. Do that... Please...'
'Jarvis, is that the best you could come up with?'
'Oh.'
Clint starts laughing.
'We're exclusive,' Steve blushes as he cuts Tony off firmly.
And he's not exactly enjoying it?
'Yup,' Tony pops the p at the end.
‘Then put it in!’ Steve demands.
‘Get out!’ Tony snaps. ‘I don’t know what the hell you’re doing down here anyway. This is my workspace and I don’t need or want any extra company.’
‘Please don’t joke about dying,’ Steve interrupts and manages to pull back and give Tony a very shaky glare.
‘Jarvis, where's Rhodey?'
'I speak six languages. That's pretty brilliant as it was never my focus.'
'Well, have you not heard? I
'Thank you. Now eat some real food and get to work.'
And then they're kissing again and Steve can't stop himself from touching Tony wherever he can.
Tony comes awake to a buzzing in the back of his skull,
And what has Steve’s life become that unconsciousness is a mere thing?
'You too,' he grins back. 'How's it going?'
'All respect to Jarvis,' Steve grabs his shoulder as he sways again, 'but that isn't what I asked.'
'Try not to thrust too hard,' Tony pulls down his briefs and presses another kiss to his cock, 'you're a lot stronger than me.'
‘That’s them in the Quinjet on your nine o’clock,’ Clint reports.
'I want Dada,' his voice goes funny as his lips sticks out.
'Humour me,' she smiles.
'Is coffee good for teeth and bones?' he wonders.
'Good morning, sir,' Jarvis calls. 'Captain Rogers is approaching your bedroom.'
'Tony, are you alright?' Steve glances across at Pete before refocusing on Tony.
'Of course you can,' Steve sighs.
'You haven't, I know. You feel safe here with Tony...' he trails off.
'How do you want me?' Tony tries not to smirk.
'Dada?' Pete rolls over on top of him.
It takes Tony hours to make his way through Richards' paper and is left knowing he's going to have to read it again to make sure he actually understood it. He groans aloud and stretches as he looks around the room.
*                                  *                                  *
'Sure,' he tells her as he makes a swiping negative motion with his hand for Jarvis. 'But I have final say on what you print if he tells you any business secrets.'
'Ice cream is what we need,' Clint informs them.
*          *          *
Rhodey hands Tony a giant gun. Barrel first.
Steve appears in the penthouse shortly after Tony calls him about dinner.
'Perhaps it was,' Jarvis announces.
'I asked if you'd like some coffee,' Clint tells him.
'Dada, Cap and Clint came back.'
Dear God. One day; please just let me have one day where I do not say something stupid to Tony Stark. Amen.
Steve tries to match his touches to Tony's description and imagines it's Tony's hand against his skin.
'Jarvis, why do I keep making an ass of myself?'
Pete looks a little put out by this.
‘Yes,’ Steve isn’t going to pretend to himself that Tony’s bots haven’t been the only true constants in his life and probably the most reliable as well. ‘But you have other friends now too, Tony.’
Tony just nods,
'How about I quadruple your rate when Jim's born and we call it quits?' Tony offers.
'What about if I have a kid?' Steve doesn't bother hiding his grin anymore.
'I missed him too,' Steve looks away. 'I just needed time to... I couldn't work out if you really wanted me here.'
'Pete?' he rubs his eyes. 'Jarvis, what time is it?'
'What happens when you run out of new pet names?' Steve asks.
'Not SHIELD; we can't risk anyone knowing he's missing,' he swallows heavily. 'Call Tony.'
‘I’m not talking to myself,’ Tony scowls through his obvious confusion at finding Steve in the room. ‘I’m talking to Jarvis.’
‘The reactor always bothers me,’ Tony deflects and moves his hand away from rubbing at it.
'How did you even find me?' Steve looks around. 'Why were you looking for me in the first place?'
Jarvis talks funny.
He hears Steve stand up behind him,
‘Sorry!’ Steve blushes and lets go. ‘I don’t know why I did that. It’s great to have you back, Tony. I’ll… see you later.’
Steve ends up moving into StarkTower after he’s toured around for a little and it is nice to have somewhere to call his own that isn’t surrounded by SHIELD agents.
'Yeah,' Tony agrees. 'Yes, alright, I'll tell him.'
'Well, that's less insane than the six foot ornamental fountain he had installed in my lounge.'
He eats a muffin.
'Stay,' he tells Steve firmly and props himself up a little.
'I put sensors on his bike and on his helmet,' Tony agrees.
'Sure,' Steve sounds strange.
‘Tony…’ Steve breaths.
'Tony, get up you're supposed to be on the plane in two hours and I know you're not packed,' Pepper breezes into the room carrying a mug of coffee and tablet. She walks straight to Tony's walk-in closet. 'Good morning, Steve.'
'How did you bring that up? I didn't install...' the man peers down at the screen as he connects the phone to Jarvis' home. 'Ok, now it just looks like the Matrix.'
'Naaaahgh!' Pete squirms. 'Cap is coming too?'
'Cap,' Tony grins at him from over on the couch as soon at the doors open. He's shed his suit jacket but is still wearing the dress shirt and suit pants, his shoes have gone as well. 'Come in. You need a drink?'
'You don't have to,' he chokes as fingers brush against him as his pants are tugged down. 'If you don't like it stop there's plenty else we can...' he swallows heavily as Steve presses a kiss on him through his boxers.
‘Thanks, Jarvis.’
‘No more fight,’ Hulk rumbles at Tony as he hovers protectively over his wounded teammate.
'The only being on this planet with more active surveillance is sir,' Jarvis confirms. 'I will keep him safe.'
'Dada...' Pete doesn't open his eyes but snuggles himself into Tony's chest.
‘Jarvis have you finished unscrambling my music yet?’
'Ok,' Steve nods, 'I understand. I'm not exactly happy about it, but I understand.'
Tony shrugs,
'Good man.'
'Very true,' he agrees. 'And I have a lot of cars.'
'Why?!' he grits out in exasperation.
'What's your name?' Steve tries asking again.
'Well, I think we killed everyone in the base,' Tony replies, confused. 'I guess one of the higher ups in AIM might...'
'Yes, sir.'
Pepper hands him another tablet as they fall in step and exit the room.
'Umm, maybe.'
'Cap!' Tony grins at him.
Tony's protective mask has slipped; there's a look of hope shining through.
'Yeah,' Steve murmurs and yawns. 'You'll be here in the morning?'
He takes a deep breath and tries to convince even one of his muscles to unclench.
'Bifrost activity detected. Prince Thor is inbound.'
Steve can't tear his gaze away from Tony's face.
'Sir is just accepting a delivery downstairs,' Jarvis tells him.
*                                  *                                  *
Bad Tony; leave the nice post-orgasmic soldier alone.
'Of course,' Jarvis sounds smug.
Tony flashes him a quick, but genuine, smile,
'You may not wish to tell him,' Jarvis knows him too well, 'but you do wish for him to know.'
'Oh,' that wasn't polite, 'sorry, good morning Ms Potts. I was going to make waffles?'
Then Hulk follows him.
'Just ask,' Tony scrubs a hand across his face.
'She shall arrive in this fair city this very eve!' Thor beams. 'We are to dine together on steak.'
'You think I should... ask him out?'
'Penthouse please,' he smiles vaguely upwards, knowing Jarvis will know it's for him.
He's gorgeous.
He can't see them.
‘Well, yes but…’
'We are so dead,' Clint moans dramatically. 'If Tony doesn't kill us then you can bet that Steve will.'
'Yeah yeah...' Tony tows Steve into his private residence and pushes him over into a sofa before straddling his thighs.
'Cap,' is the immediate reply.
'So I've heard,' Pepper beams at him when he finally picks up a tablet from beside the bed so they can see each other. 'Congratulations, Tony.'
Fury snorts,
'Is that... an image of the arc reactor on the blanket?' Steve tries to get a better look without pulling it away from Pete.
The lift doors close and hide Tony from view.
'Then would you like me to make your dinner choices for you?' Pepper smiles with a fake looking sweetness.
'Sir is well, Ms Potts,' she knows from his tone that Jarvis hasn't pretended to misunderstand the question. 'His main concern at this time is Master Peter as the child fully reflects how sir, himself, was at that age.'
Steve might be blushing,
Once in the bedroom Steve finds himself being pushed backwards towards the bed before falling back to land on it on his elbows. Tony looks down at him assessingly for a moment and then undoes his own trousers.
'He's coming,' Tony cuts in.
'I can,' Steve shrugs and looks down. 'You were teasing me, but there was no reason for me to think you were being malicious.'
'If it is indeed affecting the network as you suggest,' Jarvis sounds worried, 'then it could conceivably use extremis to reach you.'
*          *          *
'You made a sandwich,' Steve points out as he pours a cup of milk.
‘We?’ Tony honestly falters and stares at Steve in surprise.
'I'm glad,' he smiles as he hands over the mug.
'Ok,' Pete beams.
'Mission status?' he asks after the line is quiet for a minute.
'Oh, I see how it is,' Clint just grins. 'There's competition to be the favourite uncle!' He wields a large, badly wrapped, box in Tony's direction, 'for you, Pete!'
He opens his eyes as Pete climbs onto his chest,
'Yes! Turn it so I can see you.'
'I've not seen a horse.'
Pepper can hand things to Tony.
'Don't call me that,' Steve sounds hurt.
'Hey, buddy.'
'Oh, it's no problem, ma'a... Pepper,' he gets out the ingredients. 'Tony's great and Peter's amazing. I'm a little jealous really.'
'Done deal,' Tony tells him, and then shoots him in the shoulder.
'It's a fundraising event for the Maria Stark Foundation and their ongoing efforts to support children's charities in New York. I supply the venue, catering and entertainment and all the people have to do is bid high enough to get an invite.
'A little over four years ago the question of having an heir was raised at an SI Board Meting,' he lies between his teeth. 'One of the people there suggested the idea of surrogacy and it stuck with me. Ten months later I brought Pete home and I've never regretted it for a second.'
'You're the best, Cap.'
‘I, well, yeah. And because the other three look similar.’
'I think you would have to be.'
'Probably,' he tries to get his brain working in the right direction. 'Why?'
'What?' ok, the question probably should have been asked before Tony drew all of Steve's blood into his cock.
Warm solid muscle; Steve.
You and Butterfingers are not convinced, Dummy dismisses the theory entirely and Jarvis seems to be thinking about it.
'No.'
'Thor is going to teach Pete sword fighting?' Steve asks quietly as the others all cluster around the coffee machine.
'I hadn't admittedly thought of that,' Tony looks over at his glass wall. 'But Jarvis would never let him outside on his own and even if he did get out Jay can catch him with a suit.'
'My arm hurts,' he tells Clint proudly.
The soldier rallies quickly to this change,
Steve beams back at him.
He grins,
'Tony, what happened?'
'Sir?'
She laughs charmingly.
*                                  *                                  *
'I believe I used the word 'wonderful' actually,' Tony tells him as he stirs from his half doze. He sucks on Steve's collarbone (because how could he not when it's right there?); Steve doesn't seem to mind.
'With Thor and Clint,' he corrects as they start walking. 'I haven't heard from Cap.'
He gets a glare for that,
going to meet my jet for the new reactor on the way; this one doesn’t have the power to overload.’
'Don't think being a dad is going to keep me out of the workshop,' Tony reassures him with a grin. 'I'm going to be a better father than Howard, but I can't give up working.'
He can skip his run today.
'Is this as far as you've got?' Tony strides into the room. He's now dressed in jeans and a SI t-shirt and still manages to look like he should be on the front of a magazine. 'Cap?'
'He didn't want to tell me,' he drops has head into his hands.
Steve just stares.
'And how many friends did you say he has?'
'Gack!' Clint stumbles a little as he's let go but Steve immediately thumps Thor on the shoulder with a grin,
'Kidnapping. Risk.' Tony sounds the words out
'Oh.'
So can Steve.
Just yesterday You handed Steve a handful of broken glass; Steve feels that Tony’s trust in them may be undeserved.
'It's a thing. A modern thing. So I guess I know why you're confused. We flirt via messages. Only you're cheating because you can see me. You have to tell me what sexy items of clothing you're wearing and what you're doing while you think of me.'
'Still; I'm sorry Tony didn't tell you sooner.'
'Shall we take your cars or your zoo animals with us?' Tony asks, noting the Steve seems to have managed to split those two into separate boxes.
'Tony,' Steve steps closer and brushes a hesitant hand across his partner's arm, 'I wouldn't have kept this from you.'
'Peter has been asleep for an hour and five minutes,' Jarvis tells him promptly. 'I have been monitoring his REM cycle and believe it would be best to wake him in ten minutes or so, if he does not wake on his own.'
'Alvin is a chipmunk, not a gopher,' Pepper rolls her eyes.
‘Jarvis, full scan if you please,’ Tony backs up and clicks his fingers absentmindedly as blue lines start moving over Steve’s body.
'Jarvis, take a note, I hate Reed Richards.'
Pepper smiles at him,
'I want to come with you...' Pete's voice is muffled against his chest.
'I want to go downstairs,' Pete declares. 'I want to go to Dada.'
'Dada?' Pete gazes up at him, 'Cap likes us, right?' and now he looks painfully uncertain.
Tony’s fingers just brush the glass before he jerks them back to his side with a choked gasp before grinning wildly,
'What?' Clint stares back.
'Ah,' Bruce looks awkward but doesn't move away. 'Yes and no.'
'He'll like building shit, right?' Clint grins.
'He is the perfect excuse,' she admits with a fond glance at the boy. 'I do have a meeting of my own today though, so I'll have to leave you boys to it.'
'You want a drink?' he calls to Pepper as he arrives back in the main room.
‘Wow, your observational skills really took a jump when you got that serum didn’t they, Cap?’
The beaming grin makes it worth it every time.
Ok, a hundred muffins is a very large basket of muffins.
'Hey, Dada!' Pete's face appears on his tablet. His eyes look wet.
‘Alright, it’s mostly underway now anyway. I’ll work on the coding for the next Stark Phone’s predictive search.’
Steve doesn't let him say anything else before they're kissing again and the soldier's hands have migrated to his arse.
'If that's ok with Tony...'
‘Yeah!’ Tony turns back with a very fake smile on his lips.
'Everything!' he blurts. 'He's Tony... He's...' his mind spins. 'Why are you asking me about something that will never...?'
'I'm sorry,' he blurts, 'this is none of my business.'
'He really will be fine, Rhodey,' he reassures. 'He deserves better than me too.'
Tony abruptly stops shouting as Pete bursts into tears in his arms,
Ok, now he feels like pond life.
'What are you working on?' Steve asks as Tony continues to flick things around over his plate.
‘Do you particularly wish for sir to have just woken before you speak to him, Captain?’ Jarvis asks. ‘As he is awake at this time.’
'Maybe,' he smiles, 'if Thor's up for it.'
'Well, if that doesn't make you a Stark through and through I don't know what does,' Clint laughs.
'What?'
'I actually blame Pete for that,' Steve deadpans.
‘Thank you,’ Steve scrambles up and grabs a t-shirt so he isn’t just in shorts.
'Of course, sweetheart,' Tony makes sure to keep physical contact with Steve as he guides him up from the chair and into the lift. 'Penthouse, Jay,' he starts undoing the fastenings on Steve's pants.
'Dear God!' the man says some more very bad words. 'You just got straight through to... Oh, he's going to think...'
'Tony, you know I don't want to take him away from you, right?' He tries a smile, 'you're his Dada.'
'What?'
'Indeed,' Thor nods. 'Such food is important for growing infants.'
Steve offers a small smile,
‘Fuck me, Stark has some balls,’ Clint sums up the proceedings as Hulk vanishes up Tony’s private stairs.
Everything goes dark.
'That's good,' he rolls his shoulders as he makes his way into the building towards the kitchen. 'Where's Tony?'
'Dada is the best,' Pete tells him firmly.
'Oh,' he hopes he didn't just pull a face, 'no, thank you, ma'am.'
Tony just grins,
'Right,' he lets out a bitter sounding laugh, 'ok, fine.'
‘ETA on medical?’ Steve calls over the comm. as Tony slumps into his arms.
'Great!' Rhodey's grin looks a little wild around the edges.
'Steve,' Clint interrupts his self recriminations, 'Stark's calling.'
'Seven,' Tony admits. 'Everything's fine, Cap. I've got time.'
‘Oh…!’ is all Tony has time to say before Steve vanishes.
Tony waivers in the air as he looks down at them,
'Yeah, ok,' Steve gets up. 'We can do that, can't we, buddy? We can wait quietly to the side to see your Dada?'
'I'd fear for your life if you didn't have such a thick skull,' they're a
'No, not really,' Steve confirms.
‘Thanks, genius,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘Where is that?’
Steve can't help his sudden smile,
'A sword?!'
'Tony,' Steve just looks sad, 'I just need to know what... I'd like to be able to see him?'
'They'll want to know your relationship status.'
'I'm going to be just over there,' Tony waves vaguely. 'You need anything you just shout, ok?'
When Tony wakes up he makes his way automatically to the nearest coffee machine. He doesn't really notice that he's in his workshop until he's most of his way through a third mug of coffee. He looks around blearily.
He stands up to leave but Steve catches his wrist,
'Very romantic,' Tony catches hold of Steve's hand as they walk and if the other Avengers didn't know before they surely know now.
'You want to know what I'm wearing?'
'Fine, if you really want to,' Tony gives in too quickly. 'You have the right permissions on my network to view it anyway; it's under the directory called Heart. Knock yourself out. I need to sleep, or something, I'll call you from the jet tomorrow night.'
All he needs to do is work things out with Tony. This would be fine except he doesn’t think he can look Tony in the eye right now.
'I already have Pete,' Tony shrugs, 'another isn't Earth shattering. And I have money, and you, Rhodes and Jarvis.'
'I'm reading Reed's most recent thesis,' Tony rolls his shoulders. 'I need to get up to speed on this shit.'
'Ten minutes.'
‘Tony?’
He can't find the watches either. The watches can't have all gone?
'Steve...' his actual name? It's almost unnerving, 'I am here now. This would count and I don't want you to have anything to regret...'
‘It’s fine, Cap,’ Tony pats Hulk’s arm. ‘He won’t hurt me.’
Bruce is clearly trying not to laugh at him,
'You think so?' Tony is smiling but his gaze seems just a little too intense.
'Ms Potts did inform you of her intention to select items to be donated if you did not make the decision yourself,' Jarvis tells them.
'Well, it can't have been,' Steve tells him.
'Stop it, Dada...' Pete manages between heart wrenching sobs.
Pete's quiet for a few minutes,
'I didn't need to know...' Steve repeats with a strange sounding laugh.
Tony seems to realise that Steve has actually walked in on him basically snuggling with three large robot arms. He rolls with it though,
'Yes,' Tony won't lie now.
'Of course, Captain.'
'I get that.'
Steve obeys Tony’s instructions even as he feels even more confused.
'No, they have some sort of understanding...'
Tony drops his forehead to rest on Steve’s arm where he’s holding his shoulder,
'My god, the mental images,' Bruce wrinkles his nose.
'He is not available.'
'Sir, you have five new messages and I believe Captain Rogers has been expecting you.'
‘So what do we do?’
Steve looks up at the ceiling uncomfortably,
'Of course,' she beams. 'Hello, Peter, I'm Tammi, have you been having a good day?'
A group of people in body armour are attacking a bank and firing canisters of gas at anyone who gets close enough. It’s all very destructive and upsetting, but pretty easily dealt with as they are not even mutants.
'Jay?'
'I'll put him to bed,' Tony gestures to his room. 'Back in a few.'
Tony pats his arm and laughs when Hulk pets his hair in response.
Steve ponders following him but really he should let Tony rest and he’s exhausted himself.
Dub-Con element explained in end note. (Spoilers?)
The comm. is silent for a few moments, a sure sign Tony's speaking with Jarvis, and then they can hear the armour approaching.
‘If we don’t push it?’
Tony laughs nervously,
'Is that an invitation?' he smirks in response.
‘Jarvis, who do you report to?’ he asks one afternoon when not talking to anyone for a couple of days has heightened his paranoia.
'Yeah,' Pete agrees as he looks for the red one with gold wheels and red flames on the side. 'This one is my favourite,' he gives it to Thor, 'it's the fastest because it's on fire.'
'So you're on your own with them, then?'
'Do you want a drink?' he asks suddenly. 'I really think I need a drink.'
'I like Dada better,' he replies.
When Dada first left he nearly asked Jarvis to make him come back, but then Clint had mentioned throwing knives and he asked about them instead,
