"I gather that you will end up dead, either way, it's only fair that I tell you the reason why I hate you before you do that." Howard stated as he stood up from the chair, there was a cotton swap in his hand that Steve wondered from where he got it; he was afraid of the answer though. "I really hate you, I hate that you refused to take the money, I hate that you were true to your words when billions of people are nothing but lying actors, but what I hate the most was how you turned my son into a useless sniffling mess without you." Howard stated as he raised Steve's right sleeve and finding the spot he wanted and swap it with the cotton that was drenched in alcohol. "Knowing my son, in the poor state he is in right now, he will not only fail to take care of my grandson, but he will cause him to end up dead too, and if that happens, my son will follow the both of you. And maybe that's another reason why I hate you; my son became nothing but a fool in love who lost his vision of the future the second you are down, but I guess that's what real
There was a man near the window and if Steve had to guess he was the one who dared to enter his house and hurt him and his baby, the man talking on his phone with someone, which Steve took as his chance to try and wiggle his hands out of their bound to test their strength. Slowly Steve's hands inched to his back pocket when he always kept a small fold it knife that was shaped like a key, something that Bucky always nagged at Steve to have with him all the times, and now of all times, the Omega was grateful for Bucky being a mother hen, because when Steve's hands touched the key, he nearly let out a shout of elation.
The more he thought about it the more that Tony realized that Peter… that he could be his… his son? Tony didn't know, it just doesn't make any sense, just like how it didn't make sense that Peter will get attached to him when he practically fears Omegas, just like it doesn't make any sense that Steve or anyone of his family and friends never talks about Steve's supposed mate, like whoever they were, they never existed.
"Hey, little one…" Steve's gentle voice made the pup look at his father with trembling lips, sniffing a little as he felt his father's hand running through his hair. "Why don't you hold the Shield for me for a bit? It will protect you and Mama if the bad guys tried to enter the room, what do you say?" Steve asked which made the pup pause a little, and then nod his head; he took the Shield from Steve and held it tightly hiding behind it, only letting out his head a little to watch the door.
Steven can see the curiosity in Thor's eyes as the fell on him, as well as the other Avengers, which caused Steven to give a small smile and a shrug. "I was earth's ambassador to the new Asgard, of course, I was taught Asgardian." Steven's words got a pout from Tony, then the small man narrows his eyes at Steven, ignoring Thor's cheers about Shield brothers and all that jazz.
It was then that he saw it, his lucky star, the star he fell in love with when he caught its first shine; he gazed up and saw the faint shining that reminded him of the Reactor that was in his chest, he gazed at the star and his breath hitched and he felt warmth surrounding him, banishing the freezing coldness he felt not a few seconds ago, he remembered whispering these words, a foreign words he never before used to describe anyone or anything before, 'My Lucky Star' he remembered that he breathed those words as he raised his hands in the foolish hope of reaching the skis and touching the star.
"Nothing, there was just a misunderstanding, right Steve?" Tony asked, in an annoyed voice, turning to Steve who was shaking and clenching his hands hard enough that his nails caused him to bleed. "Let's go to sleep, Steve, we will talk tomorrow when you are calm," Tony stated as he tried to steer Steve toward the bedroom, only to get pushed away by the said Omega.
Steven as much as he hated to admit it… he has forgotten about Ms. Potts, he just though that in this universe she nor Rhodey were in Tony's life, but as always life just love to proven Steven wrong, and that happened in the form of Steven gazing at the woman's face after not seeing her for more than three decades… he didn't regret nearly stabbing her in the eye…
"So… we want to talk with you about something." Tony started when the four of them sat in the living room to watch a movie; Tony couldn't help looking at Steve with a nervous smile on his face, not knowing how to open the subject of him being pregnant with Harley and Peter, should he blurt it out just like that? Or should he give them the pros and cons of having another baby in the house? "I… we… I… Steve a little help?" Tony asked a flush taking over his face at the thought of not being able to say what he wanted to say without blushing like a maiden.
In some stupid way, his action reminded him of the story of 'Icarus and the Sun' but instead of flying to the sun and burning his wings, Tony flow to the star hoping to catch it, only to be greeted with ice and coldness; Tony knows that the only thing the two stories has in the comment was the falling part, how both of them fell to their deaths, only Tony was smarter than Icarus and was able to survive his fall and maybe, just maybe a little luck rubbed into him when he flows close to the star; he thinks that really happened, because miraculously he didn't die when he went against Stane, and he didn't die from palladium poisoning, so maybe there was a truth to the whole 'Lucky Star' thing.
It had left Steve confused, and made him start reviewing everything he did and said toward the Omega and his pup, it made him sit on the chair thinking until it was like lightning struck him from the dark sky… "An Omega will do everything…" Steve whispered brokenly.
"First of all, it wasn't me!" Tony squeaked as he stood up, taking advantage of the few inches the suit gave him which meant he won't get slapped easily this time. "It was Barnes who made every one of my teammates go against me and agree to house that crazy man, and to top it all he brainwashed my teammates and now all of them are in love with him! And when that crazy Addams spell didn't work on me he starts asking me out, Pepper, he is stalking me!" Tony made sure to put on his best whiny persona he has, which did nothing but make Pepper groan in irritation and massage her forehead, cursing Tony to hell and back for this.
So sorry for taking months before finally updating my story, but as you know, life happened, which ended with me putting this story on hiatus until I finish one or more of my ongoing fics.
The sight of Peggy Carter standing on the other side of the door caused Tony to inhale harshly; his left hand automatically going to his belly as he remembered the encounter months ago; in the back of his mind, Tony couldn't help but wonder why it took Carter three months before she returned to their house.
"What is it, Mama?" James asked as he saw his dam taking a few sheets of paper, a feather, and some ink, when he reached his mother, he was pulled into his lap, making the child hum and snuggle into his mother, watching as his mother start drawing a huge tree. "What is that?" James asked with awe in his voice, his mother was always amazing when he draws, James made sure to always hide his dam's drawing that his mother draws for him when he felt down.
"My queen!" Margaret gasp as she rushed inside the room, letting out a sob when she saw him leaning on the wall behind him, the tears in her eyes caused Steven to smile gently at the young girl and open his arms causing her to let out a sob and rush in his embrace, clutching his shirt tightly just like James. "I thought… I thought you will not wake up, after the seventh day, they said…" Margaret let out a sob, hiding her face in Steven's neck, being mindful of James who was snuggling in his breast, Steven hated that he was the reason that Margaret was crying, and as much as he hates it, he couldn't control what happened that day.
"I love you…" Those words were said in such a serious voice it made Tony's heart skip a beat, especially looking at the serious look in Steve's eyes. "I don't want to lose you, and if I had any chance for you accepting me as a potential spouse then I will take it, even if it meant changing who I am." Steve stated, and Tony had to stop himself from face-palming with both of his hands, maybe even slap some sense into Rogers.
"Tony." Steve said with a small smile, making the Omega's heart flutter, and Tony's out to check his heart with a doctor because his heart always does this fluttery thing around Steve. "Here…" Steve said awkwardly as he gave Tony a box of chocolate which made the Omega's heart flutter at that for a bit.
Even if Stane comes a month later laughing throwing him a newspaper that confirms the deaths of Aunt Peggy, his father, and his mother in an explosion in SI last night, even if Stan throw his mother's lovely necklace that she cherished, even if Stane left him to his storming thoughts and pounding heart…
All of that and Peggy kept listening to him with rapt attention, her face going from concern to shock to horrified until it stilled in a blank mask, no doubt she was trying to make sense of his words, and trying to come with a contingency plan after contingency plan to help Steve.
Steve hates feeling tired; he hates the tiredness that consumes him every time the sun rises up in the sky, he hates it! A short time ago Steve was used to spending up to seventy years without a wink of sleep; he was used to playing in the sky and write history and enjoy his time without the tiredness that came to him when the sun dared to show him its face. It was so not fair, especially when the sun was nothing but a star like him!
Tony waited until she left to let out a growl, why can't they just forget about it? All Tony wants was to continue on with his life without being reminded every second that he was held captive, why can't they just never mention it? Why do they always remind him about it? Was it too much to ask of them to pretend that it never happened? The door opened making Tony look to see Steve walking inside the room with a wheelchair, the smile on the Alpha's face dropped as he saw the scowl that Tony was sporting before he could open his mouth the Omega snapped making Steve take a step back. "I am not crazy!" Tony hissed at the Alpha hoping to show him how displeased he felt right now.
"Some words cannot be forgiven that easily," Steven stated harshly, causing the Alpha to flinch and nod his head, looking uncomfortable as the seconds passed; Steven pressed his lips tightly at that, breathing through his nose before he thrust his hand forward. "The amulet," Steven ordered, planning on taking the amulet he made and leave this place; Steven was an idiot for giving something this precious to someone this brute, maybe the amulet would be a nice gift to someone that wasn't ungrateful as the king was. "W-what happened to the…?" Steven's words trailed after he saw what the king put in his extended hand, wondering if his sight was failing him, or if this was really the amulet that Steven gave to the king not a few hours ago.
"I did nothing but giving him a chance to fight." Howard drawls his words, scowling at Bucky and slapping his hand away when it tried to reach for him. Tony did nothing but swallowed thickly; his hands were shaking as he tried to make his grip firm and not let go of Steve's hand, even with his mad thrashing.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, sadness, violence, feeling, near mentally breakdowns, mention of past relationships, suicidal thoughts, unhealthy copy mechanism, near-death experience…. And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The first thing Steve did was checking the date, which made his lips press tightly when he saw it was 2011… this was a joke right? It just can't be… right? Taking a harsh breath Steve flipped to the first page, feeling his heart skipping several beats when he saw the picture of Tony greeting him… Tony who was standing beside Pepper Potts with a five years old boy in his arms…
"You are sweet, traveler." Loki said, his smile leaving his face as he looked at Steven with a harsh look. "This is not a place for being sweet, or you will end up dead." Loki warned Steven harshly, which made the older man gazed at him with a mischievous look; a silent conversation went between the two of them before Loki lean back with pursed lips. "You know, there is a story that the dead love to recites, every century without fail…" Loki started as he gazed outside of the window with a thoughtful look on his face. "It goes back to the start of this universe when souls roamed the lands, and planets haven't collided together yet when there was only one rule and one law to follow and that was the forbiddance of touching another soul. It talked about a soul brighter than the others, the brighter the soul was, the more significant it has in the living world and its history. With his brightness, he was able to capture the attention of others, charmed them with their personality, but the soul already was in love with another… too bad for the soul, he caught his eyes." Loki said offhandedly, which made everyone look at Loki like he lost his mind.
"God, you are worse than my husband…" Steven said with a low chuckle, his eyes turning sad as he starts thinking about his late husband, which made Tony shifted in his place. "He used to say I was like black mamba, unsavory when I get mad or if someone angers me, but I kinda liked your explaining better, I did like the film when I first saw it." Steven gave Tony a little, smile which caused the Omega to flush but give a smile of his own.
"I think so, yeah." Steve's smile widens even more at the thought of the future that will come, the thought of their growing family, and his mate and children…
"Who was your husband, Steven?" Peggy asked as he looked at Asgard keeping an eye on Steven who gives a small smile as he turns his face to Peggy raising his eyebrow like he already knows that she knows that answer which made the woman's lips twitch up in a smile. "He was Tony isn't he?" She asked which made Steven hum and give a sad smile at that, eyes returning to his ring. "You know, you can start a new life here, getting to know everyone, getting to know Tony, asking him out on a date." Said Peggy as she leans her elbows on the balcony rails made of concrete.
… she thought sadly to herself, she really hates it, but that was the hard part of her job, not everyone walks inside these doors want their children, she just hoped that this youth was different. "Well, Mr. Carbonell considering that you are twelve weeks, would you like us to do an ultrasound? To check in on the baby," The doctor said. Tony paused at that then shrugged his shoulders, why not? At least he will know what the parasite was up to before he said goodbye forever and part ways.
Months go by after that day. When they'd finally begun to get enough from making up for the lost time, Steve's heat had started and made them bound to the bed for days again (And Peter to spent his time with Bucky who came to visit). To say that those days had been intense would be an understatement. Something that had started as a lust ridden from Tony before the heat, had turned into a serious conversation and finally manifested into reality during Steve's heat. That something had definitely added a whole new level to the experience as if all that they had been through wouldn't have been enough to make them hungry and desperate for each other to the point of Tony not eating for two days and Steve not washing for four.
"No, not really, if I did that then how were they going to tell you about our marriage?" Steve asked, his words confirming Tony's suspicion and causing the genius to let out a mad snarl that made everyone jump and for Steve's eyes widen and for hearts to appear in them… Tony was going to kill them; he was going to end them, the two of them! Kill, kill;
Edith's voice made Steve sigh a little and lie on the bed under him thinking. "Edith, cross-reference to major events that happened in this timeline," Steve said thinking about what he was going to do that he was now in the past, maybe build another time machine to go back to the future, but wouldn't that change the timeline of this universe? Just thinking about that made his head hurt.
Tony didn't feel any sympathy when Rogers cursed in pain when the hot coffee hit him in the face, instead, he rushed out of the kitchen will trying desperately to put as much space between him and Rogers as he can, not believing that Rogers was able to play him as the fool; Tony couldn't believe that he fell for it. Tony tried desperately to hold into the tears that wanted to make themselves known; he held desperately into the sobs that nearly left his lips, he wasn't going to cry, not for a bastard like Rogers.
Meeting Dr. Cho was as nerve-wracking as it was the first time, making Tony wish that he wasn't here in any shape or form; but Tony was pregnant, and he needed to make sure that his baby was going to do OK, that it won't be affected from the car accident he had more than twelve years ago. So swallowing his pride and fears, Tony went through the exams and tests and held Steve's hand tightly when his mate tried to calm him down.
Steve was shaken, he was petrified, a feeling he didn't think he could feel any longer, his wait for the ambulance was long it left him with a deep fear in his bones that both the Omega and his pup were not going to survive. Steve continued to hear Peggy scream and scream, begging Natasha to let go of her, that Peggy needed to be downstairs, as much as Steve wanted Peggy to be here with him, he knew she wasn't rational right now, that she will do more bad than good. Steve tried to listen to the haunting melody that followed him for more than six years, trying to draw comfort from something that he always knew no matter where he was, it was going to be there hunting him… but it was so quiet in his head, so, so quiet.
Howard only smiled, tears shining in the older man's eyes; Tony didn't mention it to his father, just as his father didn't mention his teary eyes. The music started, causing them to blink and both of them gave a chuckle. "Are you ready?" Howard asked, offering Tony his arm, gaining a joyful smile from Tony.
"Look who finally got here." Darcy said as she leaned on her desk looking at Tony who rolled his eyes at the woman which got him a sharp grin. "So are you going to tell me about the hot one and the cutie with him, is he taken? Your mate?" Darcy asked which made Tony flush at the thought of Steve being his, the flush on his face caused Darcy to squeal. "Really? OMG! Why didn't you invite me to the wedding, Tony?" Darcy asked which made Tony huff as he tried to regain control of himself.
"I… Steve… it…" Tony tried to open his mouth and say something, but every time he did he could only let out choked noises, not knowing what to say to his son and how Steve and he would leave this embarrassing situation with their pride intact; the two of them weren't even wearing clothes, the only thing protecting their dignity was a thin silky blanket… any excitement Tony felt waking up had evaporated.
Howard's wife… Maria. She was beautiful  and young but so, so tired, every time Steve look at her, he could only think of a withered flower that was left without water for too long. If she wasn't taking her medics for depression, she was attending, one of her campaigns that either helped to improve Omegas' right, or helped abused Omegas, or the one about finding missing Omegas… Steve never mentioned how she was running herself ragged, but he has the feeling that everyone in this house was doing the same… sometimes when Maria was looking at him… really looking at him, she will smile at him with a motherly look, she would walk to him and touch his cheek with her soft withered hand, and always whispers after she left him stunned how
Waking up, Tony blinked his eyes tiredly as he gazed around the place he was in, part of Tony was surprised to see he was laying on the sofa in his living room, another part of him wasn't that much surprised, not after waking up constantly in his own home after finding himself lingering near the lake, letting out a tired breath, Tony raised himself into a sitting position, his eyes going around the room, taking everything in and only relaxing in his place when he saw Morgan sleeping with him on the sofa.
?!' that no doubt deafened everyone in this room if Pepper and Rhodey's reaction when they just came in was anything to go by. "They are alive? How the hell are they alive? I saw their bodies!" Tony shrieked, his hands twitching to throw something at the wall and break it to pieces.
Steve sighed a little and caresses his lover's face, smiling at the five-o'clock shadow on his lover's face, usually his fiancé always shave, but this day had been hectic and his lover had forgotten. "Anthony Carbonell, get yourself together, I know that if you go you will knock them off their socks." Steve said kissing his fiancé making the Alpha hum and relaxes a little. "I know you can do it, prove to them what you can do." Steve said making Anthony grin at that and kiss Steve one more time before running around the room once more to collect his things.
"Don't let them hear you say that Cap, you know what happened last time when Peter caught you cooing about him being your 'Spidey-Baby'… I never saw him turn that shade of red before." Tony chuckled as he remembered how embarrassed Peter was when Steve caught him by surprise in the clinic, cooing and pinching his cheeks, and calling him baby, all because Darcy dared Steve to do it.
Life with Steve was amazing, the Omega was amazing! He was kind, witty, loving, understanding, amazing, and Anthony could go on and on for hours, Anthony couldn't believe how an amazing person like Steve will even look at him and think he was worth something, every day Anthony found himself in love more and more with the Omega, who was still the kindest Anthony ever saw even with all the pain he went through. From his family's friend moving away, to his mother's death, to him finally moving into Anthony's apartment after the Alpha begged him for weeks.
"Yes, I know that you are thinking about me being an idiot for doing this, but it's the only way to save him… the Winter Soldier." Steven said which made the woman purse her lips looking at Steven with a thoughtful look on her face, and Steven knew that if given time the woman will know why he was doing this.
"Tony, are you OK?" Rhodey and Pepper rushed toward Tony, who was too shaky to his liking but was relaxing now that Ty was far away from him, from the corner of his eyes he saw Angie growl something under her breath before Pepper cut his vision of her, which wasn't that important, he will ask Angie about it later.
The woman walked slowly through the road, her blue eyes taking in the greenery before her as memories started to dance in front of her mind eye, reminding her of happy times when everything in the world was still right. The woman hummed a soft tune under her breath, gazing around the place with longing, she still remembered the sound of children laughing as they ran and play around these woods, painting her day with happiness as she gazed at them with love-filled eyes.
So Sarah always knew about her son and grandson's wariness of Omegas, she was reluctant at first when she invited the Omegas of her neighborhood, but Clint was an old friend of Steve and he knew about Peter situation so he stayed away from the pup as far as he can while still enjoying the get-together, but that left Tony, the Omega who doesn't know about her son or grandson, but she wasn't about to leave him out of it, especially after what Winnie had told her of the Omega's story, poor kid, lost his pup and his family because of his father's stupidity.
"I am sorry…" Tony said only to wince at Peggy's hiss. "I noticed the rings when I was here the other day… it wasn't like any metal I know so I just… I swear I just borrow it and I would have returned it, I just made JARVIS do a little scanning is all!" Tony said not looking at his aunt who was glaring at the back of his head, but what really made him feel like he was the lowest of the low was the anguish look on Steven's face as he inspect the rings, lips wobbling as he saw a small nick that Tony accidentally made because of his aunt barging in his lab.
Tony smiled at that letting out a happy sigh, it seemed that Peter was finally OK, which was something he spent the whole evening thinking of, worried about the small boy to no end. He was a relief when Steve told him the boy was fine thankfully.
Now Tony knew Steven married him in his universe, a lot of Steven's actions around him made sense. That more than ever was the reason that Tony didn't confess his love for Steven for the next two years, even when everyone, even Rogers, thinks that Steven and him were together and that Steven's was Peter's father, the only ones who knew the truth were Peggy, Steven, and the Jarvis family, but they weren't going to tell anyone the truth without Tony's consent.
Steve was still groggy from sleep so it took him a few seconds to response, it was mainly because he turns to the side and smile a little as he saw Edith on his bedside table with a glass of water, after taking the glass and sipping a little cold water he turns to Bruce who was looking at Steve. "Oh, you know, same old, insane villains decided they wanted to rule the world, stole some files from Shield and decided to build a time machine, the usual," Steve said as he drank his glass of water.
The sound of the door being knocked on made the Omega blink and look at his watch, humming when he saw that it was afternoon, which meant that the person who was at the door was Tony's brother, as no one other than the family has the key to the gates. Steve got up from the sofa and wiped his hands on his jeans nervously before he went to the door and open it with a smile, pausing when his eyes fell on the man waiting outside.
"Come on, baby. Be a good girl for Daddy." Tony cooed as he tried to calm the fussy baby in his arms, wondering what sit her crying this time. It was the third time this hour, and Tony was one step away from crying himself; it wasn't like he could have asked Rhodey and Pepper for help, considering that the two of them were in town today, going to buy the necessity the will need for their two weeks stay here.
"Is he now?" Tony asked getting a happy nod from his pup, which made Tony kiss his son on the forehead. "Yeah, Papa saved us, didn't he?" Tony asked getting a happy nod from his baby. It was the first time Tony saw his son this happy, it made his heart pound in his chest with happiness, Tony couldn't remember if he gave his baby's name to his family, but he guess not, he was too out of it. The sound of the door being knocked on made Tony look at the door, he could feel his baby tense and hide his face in Tony's chest as he starts shaking a little, which made Tony shush his baby gently and turn to the door. "Enter," Tony called out hugging his baby tightly hoping that the calming pheromones he was releasing would make his baby calm down.
"No!" Tony shrieked, managing to unfroze as rushed toward Morgan, pulling her away before Steven manages to touch her, he ignored the shocked look on the ghost (Can Tony even call him a ghost?) as he turned around and start running away from the room, his heart was pounding so madly that Tony thought it will jump out of his chest any moment now. Tony had to leave the house, now, before the ghost behind him does something to Morgan.
"Really Tony, it took you three days to fix the suit." The woman with the Shield behind her back asked, which made the now named 'Tony' scuff and cross his metal arms over his chest, Steven staying silent the whole time, looking up at the stars, heartbreak already sitting in, he was wondering how he was going to return home, or how to wake up from this nightmare, this nightmare of him walking through Midgard and being seen… how long has he dreamed about having a physical body that will make his dream of being beside Anton a reality? And now after thousands of years, it was suddenly real? Steven really wanted to curse the fates and their sick games.
"Tony Stark, and no, your pup was sweet he didn't cause me troubles at all…" Tony took Steve's hand shaking it a little then let go, he then looked at his watch and let a sigh. "I must go, but before I do…" Tony kneeled and looked at Peter with a small smile. "Thank you for being brave today, I want to give you this, I was sad, but now I am not, so thank you," Tony said as he took a Winnie the Pooh plush out of the gift bag and offers it toward Peter.
"Oh, baby, I know you are not lying." Tony started gently as he came to Steve and pulled him in a hug, making the Omega hide his face in his Alpha's neck as he tried to stop his sobs. "You probably had a bad dream and everything got mixed, though, James still didn't have to be so insensitive about it, but what can I say, he has the emotional capability of a cactus, I can't really blame him; tell you what, honey, why don't the two of us spend the day in bed? I already called in and took the day off, just for you, we can do anything you want, even if you want to catch up on those awful art documentaries." Tony whispered softly, wiping Steve's tears as the Omega sniffled and tried to calm down.
"He… he usually do not notice if he is in one of his moods," Petrus said which made Anton's eyebrow twitch at the words leaving his son's mouth; it seems that his boy had been spending too much time with Magna and the foolish queen. The two of them even taught him to talk as if Anton was not in the same room as the two of them; that takes a lot of guts and courage considering that Anton can be scary if he wanted.
"Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist," Tony said while he tried to smile his egoistic and fearless smile but he was sure that whatever confident smile he tried to paste on his face was nothing but a grimace as he took in Rogers, who hummed.
The first one is a horror story with a pregnant Tony and a cabin in the woods elements, "The Lake House" so if you like these types of stories check it out!
It took time before Steve was finally standing; his mind was begging this mortal body to hold on until they reached safety, he needs to get Peter to safety before he let this body collapse. Shaky step after shaky step Steve took, hoping that the woman with the reddish-brown hair will stay unconscious until they were out of here and safe.
"You can call me Commander Rogers or Steven, though I prefer to be called by my name." Steven said which made the man hum at that and nod his head before start unpacking the grocery, but he did throw Steven glances from time to time. "Tell me, Tony, don't you have an AI?" Steven asked off-handedly which made Tony nearly jump at that.
Someone like… Fury… Tony's eyes widen and his mouth dropped a little; yes, this was perfect! Fury was a serious man, a man who doesn't accept or handle bullshit, a man that always glared at the lake when he patrols near Tony's home in anger. Tony didn't interact with Fury that much, his interaction is mainly with Natasha and Clint, sometimes Carol. Yes, Fury would be perfect to get the truth from, especially when he was older than even Peggy and Bucky, it meant that Fury knew about Steve Rogers in the familiar sense of him living in the village and what happened after his 'death', but won't be invested in him like how Bucky and Peggy where which was perfect.
Dr. Banner smiled sympathetically when he discovered the fear on Tony's face; he shook his head, which made Tony let out a relieving sigh. "Nothing is wrong, Tony, it's entirely reasonable for your body to go through so many changes, specifically when you are approaching heat for the first time in two years." Dr. Banner assured; Tony's eyes though they widen comically at the doctor's assurances, his mouth dropped a little, the term 'Heat' echoed over and over in his mind like a mantra that he didn't hold the concept of it still.
"Who the fuck said that?" Tony squeaked something that Tony was tired from promising himself to deny but couldn't. It was a few minutes of staying tense (waiting for death) before Tony saw it; a floaty, white shadow that was floating down from his ceiling, causing Tony to turn as white as a sheet when he realized what his eyes were seeing. "A ghost? Huh? I must be insane… no, no, I'm pretty much sane. Oh God, Steve has finally got me, he finally killed me! Oh God, I'm dead!" Tony let out a whine, trying not to start sobbing because then it meant he admit losing to Steve, which was so not fair!
"Where do you want to go first?" Steve asked which made Tony look around with a grin, looking for his first place to visit after such a long time, he looked at Peter and a big smile took over his face, heart fluttering in his chest when his baby looks at him and give him a toothy grin.
"… and remember, Peter, if someone picked on you, you tell me straight away so I can turn their lives into a living nightmare!" Steve ordered, causing the boy to grin happily and nod his head, probably thinking about how Steve would allow him to web them to the ceiling in his lair to be feed on later.
"What was that for, Steven?" Peggy snapped when they were finally inside the workshop, though, Steven didn't answer her, too busy glaring at Tony, probably too angry to dress him down for breaking the promise that Tony promised Steven and Peggy.
"What took you so long?" Bucky snapped as he stood up, his fists clenching tightly; Tony, on the other hand, was so grateful to the other Alpha for asking the question that was running inside his mind since the start, but Tony couldn't voice it because his voice was trapped in his throat refusing to make itself known.
“I… I… planned for you to find out… in a more romantic kind of sitting.” Steve winced, crossing his arms and shifted restlessly, Tony thumped the box in thought, before he couldn’t take it anymore and let out a snicker that turned into a full laugh, ignoring how red Steve’s face became.
"Are you insane?" Howard shouted after in click inside his head. "Do you have any idea what this will do to you? People will roast you alive, what about the future you always talked about? Are you ready to throw all of that for that… that parasite? We have time Tony, you can get rid of it, or you can give if for adoption if you don't have the heart, but think about your future!" Howard said, trying to reason with his son, which only made Tony growl and snarl at Howard which made the older Alpha take a step back at the display.
Peggy's words made the Omega pause, before putting his finger in his ear, pulling out a small white patch with a tiny device impeded in it which made everyone lean down to see the device better. "I made this, it mainly works to intercept certain voice waves, one of them being Alphas' growls and voice… I… I am really sorry Steve, for… for putting you in that tough situation, forcing you to use your voice, but I… I was scared, I wanted the device to work so much, that I ignored the consequences of how it affects us, I'm sorry…" Tony explained, his heart pounding inside of his chest waiting for what action Steve was going to take.
Tony walked, or did he run? He doesn't know really, but what was important that he is to be far, far, away from the Alpha and the pup, his heart was pounding in his chest in pain, as his mind tortured him by reminding him that his baby was dead, and the child who held him for a few seconds… few precious seconds, made the blow even harder to swallow like it was some kind of poison he was forced to swallow. He told himself that he could do it, live alone he meant, after all, he lived alone for the past seven years and a half, how would his life change considering that he was used to his pup being away, so away now he was in heaven. But Tony knew he was lying to himself, because for once he had so much hope that he will finally find his son, that for once he will hold him in his arms telling him how much he loved him, that he was even ready to do a fifty-fifty custody with his foster family or pay them as much as they want, just for his son to be in his arms again, but the Omega gain nothing but a wound in his heart that was repeatedly opened every time someone mentioned his child or every time he saw one of his friends with their children. God, Tony knew that he could have found a mate years ago to have another pup with, and there were other ways to get pups too, one of them was adopted, but Tony… Tony just couldn't, he was so hung up on his own dead pup that he pushed every other possibility out there…
There was a knock on the door before it opened to show Colonel Rhodes who looked like hell warmed him over, Fury was behind him looking annoyed especially when the Colonel pushed the spy away and rushed inside of the room. "Where is Tony? Is he OK?" The colonel asked as he entered the room, considering that he wasn't told anything after Tony directs the missile into the portal, he was strung tight.
The creature swam around the boat, planning to see the boy's face, maybe even make him explain why he was in his water when he was clearly unwelcome, like many before him that the creature kicked out of his land. A confused chirp left the creature's mouth when he saw the boy in question was asleep; was the boy really this stupid to sleep on a boat in the middle of the lake where he can be flipped over and drown any minute now?
Two years, that's how long since Tony left the town. Two years of pain, hurt, and doubt, warring inside of him, making Tony wonder if what he did was the right thing or if he made the biggest mistake of his life. Two years… after he slept with Steven and disappeared came the morning, knowing that it was a shitty move to do but not knowing what else to do. In the back of his mind, Tony wondered if Steven was ever going to forgive him, part of Tony wished for forgiveness, but another part accepted the heavy price that came with leaving the person who protected him.
"Tomorrow 's 'is birthdays… 20…" Howard said making Steve stop for a second then continued to walk toward his room he doesn't have the heart to wake up Maria from her sleep, when he reached his room, Steve laid Howard on the bed and took his shoes and jacket off so he can sleep more comfortably. After Steve was sure that Howard won't roll over and hurt himself, Steve left to clean the mess Howard left behind…
"Hey Sarah, did you see Tony? I want to introduce him to someone, hey Sarah?" Winnie asked as she waved her hand in front of Sarah's face which made the Alpha shush her childhood friend and pull her behind one of the trees in the backyard. "Hey, what's this all… oh!" Winnie shut up when she saw Tony and Steve laughing at something the pup did, Winnie knowing about what happened to both Tony and Steve, was a little shocked, but a huge smile took over his face. "Looks like Tony already found himself a mate without my help." Winnie joked which made Sarah turn to the other Alpha with an eyebrow-raising, but the soft look in Winnie's eyes made her blink and turn her eyes to the trio once again… they really look like a family.
A few seconds later, a harsh gust of winds blows up inside the plane, causing Tony to narrow his eyes and turn to the side, only for an insane grin to take over his face when he noticed his husband standing beside him, covered in blood from head to toe with a shivering mess that was no doubt the Mandarin kneeling beside him. "You are late!" Tony said happily, his eyes not leaving the shivering man at all, his mind going through all the nasty ways of how to make him suffer and what sort of painful death he was going to receive.
"Should we bring the boys to meet their sister?" Tony asked, looking up at his husband who smiled happily and stood up, leaving to call their family but not before kissing both Tony and their girl on the forehead. Tony smiled as his eyes trailed back to his baby, his heart growing warm as he nuzzled her… she was worth the thirteen hours of labor and pain…
"Well then, I hope you won't mind working as a translator." Tony said as he thrust the book into Steven's arms while taking a few more books and added it to the book, nearly overflowing Steven's arms with the fifty books he manages to snag before Peggy start pulling Tony's ear telling him to stop while returning the books in Steven's arms to the shelves causing Tony to whine.
"You know, I can smuggle you and Peter out of the house without anyone knowing." Steve said with a mischievous look on his face which made Tony's eyes sparkle at that, Steve stood up and sign to Tony to follow him which made the Omega rushed to follow the Alpha an excited look on his face, though he starts fidgeting when they neared his father's lab, it had been nearly six years and a half since he went inside, which kind of made his heart pound in his chest. Steve though just went inside the lab like he owned the place, and Tony stood near the door, not daring to enter not look inside.
It was a long and hard, that Tony wanted to cry, was it too much to be left alone so he can go and search for Steve? Tony was about to call it a quiet and activate the suit that was in the suitcase near his legs when Bruce, who was helping Pepper and Tony sort through the papers paused. "Tony, there is an old letter here for you…" The Beta said which made Tony blink and looked at the man.
Part of Steve was a little pissed that it took a terrorist attack for Tony to get himself together, but another part of Steve was content and happy to have his mate back once more, his mate who finally start involving himself in Steve and their daughter's life. "Good… morning…" Tony murmured behind Steve, nuzzling the back of Steve's neck before the Alpha started rumbling deep in his chest, the scent of Mate/Happy/Safe, made Steve sighed and his muscle relaxed further.
"Oh, believe me, darling, my version of the shovel talk includes a literal shovel and a patch of that lovely cemetery you have in the gardens." Serpentine gave a sharp smile, causing her fangs to glint when the light fell on them, which did nothing but make Tony gulp trying to back away slowly without the ghost noticing him. "Now, where were we? Ah, yes, you were going to tell me why the severe reaction when I implied Joseph was abusive." Serpentine asked, and Tony could feel the curiosity coming out from the ghost woman in waves, causing Tony to shift in his place.
"Damn, are you two trying to create a baseball team or something?" that was Bucky who seemed to be the first who snapped out of his shock, his exclaim, getting snorts and confused noises from their friends. "Like who would be the Godparents of those munchkins? You know I am not open for that position, right? I can't handle kids, Nuh-uh, buddy, anything but kids, especially the baseball team you seem to go after." Bucky's rant seemed to break the awkward atmosphere that surrounded everyone, getting a laugh and head shakes, as their friends finally gathered themselves enough to give Tony and Steve hard times; the good news though, everyone seemed to be happy for the two of them, just pulling his ears once or twice before they warmed up to the idea of another Rogers kid running around the place and creating problems…
" The king smiled darkly a mad glee shining in his eyes that made Steven flinch and bring his child closer to him. "
"I came as fast as I can." The redheaded woman said as she stood near Peggy, she was nervous Tony could see that, but he didn't know how to act in front of the Alpha, if he had met her seven years ago, Tony knew he would have charmed her, he knew how to start a conversation and finish it, but now… now he felt like a stranger, an alien, who doesn't know what to do in this strange situation.
Another thing was Stane, it seems that his stunt in S.H.I.E.L.D. was more than enough for Peggy and Howard to resume his case in the court once again, explaining that Stane was too dangerous to Omegas, that he was irredeemable, and that whatever knowledge he possesses on Hydra, S.H.I.E.L.D. can discover it on their own, considering that they have been fighting Hydra for years now and that they were closing on them. So far all was looking good, especially when the authorities were studying into Stane's case and the death penalty again, causing Tony to cross his fingers and yearning with all of his heart that this will be the last time he hears from Stane ever again.
Dr. Ross spent that time giving a small smile, especially when she was seeing Tony acted animatedly as he talked about Rogers, something that he didn't do a month ago. "You and Mr. Rogers seem close, friends?" Dr. Ross asked which made Tony go quiet for a little while biting his lower lip before licking it to wit his lip.
To say that Tony's trip to Hawaii was boring would be a lie because it was one interesting trip that Tony was going to remember even after years passed; you know why? Because it was one hell of a funny and delightful trip; what made it even better was Tony and Steve meeting one of Tony's old… friends… who decided to make a nuisance out of herself, which did nothing but get Steve angrier and angrier with want for revenge. Tony really enjoyed their night together after they finished with the bitch that was Sunset.
The first thing Steven did was bracing himself when Thor called Heimdall's name, and it was the right thing to do because not even a second later, the light from the rainbow bridge surrounded all of them. Steven felt himself being pulled up faster than light and he had to hold his breath, at the tugging he kept felling until they landed in Asgard, but Steven could handle it, after all, to enter the 'New Asgard' on earth you also have to be summoned by the rainbow bridge, a fate Steven didn't know how the Asgardian did. Landing in Asgard was not all that glorious, because as soon as everyone landed, everyone but Steven and Thor fell on the ground moaning in pain and dizziness, and Steven had to wince when he saw Clint throwing up on Thor's boots which made the God shriek and jump away while cursing seven ways to Sunday… Steven had to stop himself from facepalming, especially when Thor give a girlish scream after he slipped and fell on his ass in Clint's vomit… talking about revenge.
His sword ready in his hand, Anton survey the tree line, trying to focus on locating the source of this unpleasant feeling; it took a few minutes of tense silence before Anton managed to locate the source of uneasiness, and when he did, his eyes couldn't help but widen in shock and horror at the sight before him; brown eyes held his captive as a huge white body stood still, gazing at Anton and his party, freezing them in their place. "Anton…" Jamti hissed in a cautious tone, informing him that Jamti was what Anton feared was real.
His son looked at him with huge brown eyes, too big and innocent making Tony open both of his eyes this time and kisses his son on the forehead, which made his baby give a toothy grin. "Cap… Mama alwa… Mama says cap stowies lots… 's cap Papa?" Tony froze at that looking at his son with opened mouth.
The mattress is still propped up against the wall of the bedroom wrapped in plastic. But Tony didn't care about that he just pushed it to the floor and curls up in the middle, the plastic crackling every time he moves, but Tony didn't care about that as it gave him a little security…
Slowly, Steven walked toward the door, cursing his body for being too weak, cursing it and ordering it to walk faster, to move as Steven used to before losing another pup and making his body weak. Reaching the door, Steven all but throws the door open, nearly jumping when it slammed against the wall.
"Hello boys, I hope Peter wasn't that rough Harley." Steve smiled when the two pups stopped in front of them; at Steve's question, Harley just lowered his head and shrugged, an embarrassed flush on his face, causing Steve to narrow his eyes. "Peter…" Steve said in a low voice causing the boy to laugh nervously and run to hide behind Tony.
Tony groaned as he stretched his body, sighing happily as the cold and silky sheets caressed his naked body, reminding the inventor of what took place last night. Just thinking about what took place last night made the pleasure flare once more, tingling faintly in his body, as it tried to remind him of the wild (And beautiful) night he spent yesterday.
Maria could only gaze at Howard who was sitting on the wooden chair from the one-way mirror, she doesn't know what she was supposed to feel, seeing her husband in a Shield's interrogating room, but deep inside she knew she really doesn't give a fuck anymore, Howard had drained her too much for her to care about him, and Tony… what he did to her bambino was the last straw… she should have known, she should, but she didn't, she was recovering from depression and deep down she knew that wasn't an excuse to ignore her son completely when the only thing the younger Alpha did was standing beside her from the start, she knew, but she didn't, in 1998, she thought the reason that Tony used to smile when he was on his phone was that he was talking with Rhodey or one of his friends, she ignored the possibility of him having an almost mate, especially after what happened with Sunset, that retched Omega broke her bambino too much for him to recover, but because of her ignorance, her son paid the price.
After that day, he accept going to a therapist, he accepted seeing no one else but Betty, he doesn't trust anyone anymore, it ends with him going to the Omegas' clinic where she worked and waiting until his name was called, he remembered how she gasped and hugged him tightly, it ends with him joining support groups hoping to finally overcome his addiction for alcohol.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, violence, child abuse (Not by Steve or Tony) thoughts of abortion, assault, a triggering chapter so don't read the last part of it if you got triggered easily! All reviews are appreciated.
"Come in…" Tony's voice made Steve squirm in his place after knocking on the door; it has been weeks since Steve heard his husband's voice unless it was a voice mail telling him that he was going to be late for dinner once more. Opening the door, Steve couldn't help the amusement he felt when he found his husband frowning at the piece of paper in his hand, as if the existence of that paper should be illegal. "Steve?" Tony blinked his eyes when he saw Steve standing near the door.
"I… I'm sorry, I… I will go…" Bucky said in a panicked rush, trying to collect all of his stuff that was on the floor, the action caused Steve to feel guilty like somehow this was his fault, and maybe it was, because why would Bucky act like he was scared half of the time when Steve or Tony saw him, he was probably afraid that they were both going to kick him out of the house, and so far the two spouses did nothing to make that fear cease, considering that the two of them were always too busy to give James the time of the day if it wasn't for dinner or when Steve felt bored enough that he wanted someone to talk to.
pictures! His pictures while he was sleeping, while he was showering, sitting with Natasha on their weekly lunch dates, while he was with Tony, on his doctor appointments… there was even one of him when he was having sex with his husband… the sight in front of him caused him to gag and take a step back, feeling violated and horrified at the same time… how? Why? When? Steve could only think as he took in the information about him writing on the notes.
After he got back it got worse, he spent all of his time in the nursery, looking at the gifts that were for the baby that will never sleep here, would never play with this toys, would never be able to read him stories to get him to go to sleep.
Dating Steve was like a dream come true, making Tony feel like he was from one of the fairy tale characters that his baby loves so much, every time he looked at the Alpha he flushes bright red and tried to brave on and look at the Alpha with a straight face without becoming a stuttering mess like he was some high scholar with a crush, but all in all, Steve was kind, and gentle, and amazing, and all-around Tony just wanted to give a dreamy sigh when he is with him, if Tony was asked then he will say that Steve Rogers was the image of perfection, even when there is nothing perfect.
"I told you; new people aren't welcome in this lake, especially not those who disrespect it!" Tony shouted his words, it was the only way for someone to be able to hear him through the howling winds; Stane gave Tony's hair a painful tug, making him whimper in pain.
"Oh, what do you think? Did you like it?" Steve asked as he put his cup down and gaze at Tony, feeling uneasy with how the Omega was acting all evening, wondering what happened to his lover to make him act like that, hoping that he can help in any way he can.
Peggy and Bucky were crazy, that's the only explanation that Tony can reach, the people of this town had lost their marbles, all of them; that's why they still talk about 'Stevie' or more accurately Steven Grant Rogers. That's why they talk about the haunted house and the lake monster who doesn't like bullies and the God's knows what. Everyone in this Godforsaken town is mad.
…" The lights flickered, and instead of the person standing near the door, it was halfway through the kitchen toward her, making the woman flinch and back away, her hand reaching for where she hid her gun, only to not find it, which made her whimper unconsciously. The thunder deafened her with how loud it was, and she swore she only closed her eyes for a Nanosecond, but when she opened them she saw red eyes and wide razor-sharp smile greeting her. "
"Wow, the hell, Steve? Calm down, Tony is fine; he is in the room with the kids." Clint said when his eyes fell on Steve, no doubt taking him in and wincing at what he was seeing; Steve won't even fault him, not when he was feeling like a mess and no doubt looked like one too.
star. That poor star whose only sin was catching the attention of Thanos, the star that Thanos decided will be his queen when his time to rule arrives, the stars who dare to not gaze at the birth of Odin's son, planting the idea in her father's head, the idea that the star will stand with her father in his impossible quest. Nebula doesn't even know if she pities the star or wishes for its death, either way, as soon as Thanos catch up to the star, it will be over for everyone in the universe.
"I see you replaced me, huh?" Stane spoke those words through gritted teeth, grinding the said teeth when he saw the Omega give him a bored look like the person who spoke just now was unimportant in his books. That more than ever made the older Alpha bristle, ignoring the men's tugging as he glared at the Omega.
Howard looked like he swallowed a lemon when he saw him, after a long time of staring in Steve’s opinion, the man let out a sigh, narrowing his eyes at Steve and standing tall. “I came to know what did you do, that my son is ready to go into a war for you, ready to abandon his family, just to stay with you, what makes you so special?” Howard asked, and as much as Steve wanted to snap at the man that if he just paid attention to Tony he will know the answer, the genuine curiosity in the older Alpha’s eyes made Steve bite his tongue; curse his soft heart that can’t stand hating someone, even someone as Howard.
"I was not cheating!" Tony snapped as he followed Steve to the living room, ignoring the snarl Steve let out when he saw his stupid husband following him and refusing to let him collect himself. "I told you nothing happened! Pepper just kissed me that is all! It was one fucking time and I pushed her away! Why won't you fucking listen?!" Tony tried to stop Steve from walking away by holding his right hand once more, only to get an angry growl and a harsh slap on the hand.
' such a stupid question, such a stupid question that Tony wanted to answer but couldn't because they didn't have time; they didn't have time and Steven Rogers was being killed downstairs while Tony hid in this room like a coward who couldn't move a muscle if he wanted. What will his baby think of him when she knew the truth?
"What can I say? They are idiots, always have been ever since I came here 15 years ago." Angie started giving a soft smile as she raised Tony from his seat, guiding him to the kitchen when Morgan started crying in hunger. "They did the same when I came here, they fear for the life of the spirit or as some might call it, the monster," Angie told him as she finished preparing Morgan's bottle, giving it to Tony who took it with a shaky hand and start feeding his baby, kissing her on the forehead when Morgan latched into the bottle and drank in hunger.
Silence took over, and Tony nearly let out a scream when he saw the doubt in Natasha and Clint's eyes, even Bruce was looking uncomfortable like he didn't know if he can believe Tony or not, which nearly caused Tony to break down in tears. "I shall return to Asgard as fast as I can, Brother Stark; I talked with Heimdall, and he said that the Bifrost can allow one person for the journey to Asgard." Thor said in a choked voice causing everyone to turn to the prince, shifting in their places as Thor's face starts paling as seconds pass. "You… you are blessed Brother Stark; you are the first person other than my mother who is able to hear the stars." Thor stated, taking a deep breath as he tried to calm himself down.
angry…" Tony's voice cracked as he spoke, feeling the truth in his statement, like an ultimate truth, and he knows, he knows that something bad was going to happen.
"She… she couldn't make it." Steve ends up saying, making Tony let out a dry sob, which made Steve stand up and run his hand through Tony's white hair. "But Peter would, Cassie called him and he is on his way with his family, you are going to see May and Ben, his children." That made Tony sniff and look at the side pointing toward the table beside the bed.
Tony smiled as he starts singing, slow dancing with his daughter who seemed to calm down and look around trying to find the source of the music. The two spent a few more minutes Tony singing under his breath as he moved, smiling happily when Morgan calmed down and leaned her head on Tony's shoulder. "Ah, so you love Daddy's favorite song, don't you sweetie?" Tony asked pulling his head to gaze at his daughter who was cooing and snuggling in his embrace, Tony chuckled a little bit before he ordered J.A.R.V.I.S. to replay the song once more before Morgan was finally asleep. "Goodnight, baby, sweet dreams," Tony whispered as he put his daughter in her crib before kissing her forehead, smiling at her one last time before covering her with her blankie... tonight seemed colder than Tony expected.
"I want to see Loki." Steven said which made Odin narrow his eyes at Steven, only to for the blond man to glare at him daring him to say no.
Why did he let his body die? Remembering seeing Bucky and hearing the heart-monitor, that made him pause, but it also explains everything he needed to know, the feeling of Bucky's warm hand holding into him tightly, begging him to stay and not leave, it meant that he had survived the missile, barely, but he did, and now with his body died, it meant that no matter what happened, Steven was stuck in this parallel universe with no way out, but then why did he leave? A shiver went down his spine at remembering Tony and Peter… remembering that with every tear Tony let, with every cry and plea he utter… millions upon millions followed his… millions upon millions screamed as death surrounded them… millions upon millions that didn't survive… Steven looked at his friends but at the same time they were not his real friends, and he couldn't help but wonder what was going to happen to this universe if he had chosen to return to his home and leave them, the Ancient One was waiting for Steven to explain, and the man didn't know what to say to the woman who seemed to know everything, but he was told that every dream has its meaning, you just have to look underneath the underneath. "Death…" Steven ends up saying looking at his hands trying to get his thoughts together. "Death and nothing but death…" Steven could only repeat those words which made everyone around him look at each other with fear and confusion.
It has been a month since Thor left, and Tony can admit that everything was changing; for good or bad, no one knew the answer. But in all of this madness, Tony can say that all the Avengers were walking on eggshells, waiting for the right moment to either snap or take action. It was scary, it was terrifying, and Tony knew his family was taking it hard; they have the constant danger that came with their lives as The Avengers, on one hand, the Scarlet Witch on the other hand, and the threat of Thanos coming to earth in front of them. All the Avengers were between a rock and a hard place with no help in sight.
"It looks perfect." Steve smiled, studying the elegant and beautiful invitation, it was so much better than the fifty-plus ones they were forced to go through; Steve personally didn't think that planning for marriage was this painful, mainly because in his past marriage with Peggy, the Omega wanted to handle everything by herself, refusing Steve's help or input. Tony, on the other hand, liked for the two of them to go through everything together, so far they have finished choose the theme of the wedding, the guests list, the sitting arrangement, the wedding food and cake, the colors they wanted, the place they agreed to host their wedding in, and now they are going through the invitation and later on they will finish their suits, where they will have their honeymoon, and finish some few minors thing that will pop out.
It was only a few seconds later before the woman was laughing, her dark laugh made Tony's whole body shiver, and he had to grimace, at least she is not as scary as Steve when he loses it. "Oh, I know now what he sees in you, no wonder he fell for you; you will make a wonderful addition to the Addams family." The woman grin, her eyes sparkle dangerously as she took Tony from head to toes, causing him to grimace. "My name is Wednesday, tell Steve I send my greeting; goodbye little rabbit." Wednesday grin and snapped her fingers; the winds picked up and start storming inside of Tony's office, sending everything across the room.
screaming and snarling dominated the room, words being spoken but they were not one that Steve could focus on, he was on the floor holding his legs as he rocked back and forth trying to stop the freezing panic that made his blood run cold when he heard it, Steve felt like the whole universe stopped and all of his breath was stolen from him, he didn't even pay any attention to the men who were rolling on the ground and exchanging blows… his attention was attracted by a sound that was familiar in a way, it was so familiar it sounded like… sounded like…
1-Ég vona að þeir skeri tunguna fyrir vanþóknun þína þá, hrokafulli hóru son þinn -I hope they cut your tongue for your insolence then, your arrogant son of a whore.
was clear in his expression that Tony couldn't help but shake his head as he gave his father the envelope back. "May woke up two weeks ago… and she told us her story or what she remembered of it. We just connected the dots from there." Tony explained, causing the tension in Howard's shoulders to leave and for the man to smile happily, giving Tony a joyful but sad smile.
Steve opened his mouth and closes it not knowing what to say next. "What year is this?" Steve ends up saying, it can't be. Ha can't be back to the past because Peggy was standing there! A young Peggy was standing here in the room!
"That damn organization was destroyed; I saw the Red Skull gets destroyed before I crash in the ice." Steve said, just thinking about Hydra made his blood boil, they were the reason he lost everything he cares about, and hearing about them made Steve want to scream, hit or break something, Steve could feel Peggy's concern gaze on him, but he did nothing other than glare.
But Steven was winning, after all, he was a warrior through and through, he learned how to fight since he was young, and was to carry his family name and honor it on the battlefield, he learned from a young age how to break his enemy with one hit, making them fall and writhe on the ground in pain, Steven learns how to hit and avoid being hit completely. Even if the Omega hasn't fought for years and years, his skills were engraved in him since puppyhood, not something to be forgotten no matter how weak the Omega acted like.
In the end, it took two weeks, numerous panic attacks, and hundreds of late-night talks for Tony to decide the next step he wanted to take. Tony would admit it was not the best time for him, especially when he was a mess half of the time; no doubts that Harley more than Peter thought his action was because of Peggy Carter if the sad and teary looks he was sending him was anything to go by. Steve's concern looks made everything worse, especially when Tony manage to see the guilt hidden in his eyes, probably the man thinks that it was his fault that his ex-wife finding them and stressing Tony until he fainted.
… Steve had whispered one day. Realizing who he was talking to, made Tony relax, his fear was replaced by the feeling of being safe... this was Steve's mother, Tony was safe.
It was nice in a way, the boat rocking him to sleep as he covered himself in warm blankets and enjoy the calmness. Sometimes when Tony was daring enough, he will go out to the middle of the lake when the sunsets; watching the sky being painted in the many shades of red, blue, purple, and oranges, then wait until the stars show up.
"That's not something new, he is smarter than you." Steve said cheekily, making Tony let out a laugh at that as his eyes take in Steve's face, taking in those blue, blue eyes that Tony always swoon when he sees them, that beautiful milky skin, the blond hair like sun… those pink petal lips… Tony didn't know how long he has been staring at those seductive lips that were pulled into a smile, but it left him breathless when Tony ripped his eyes away and saw that Steve was looking at him with a playful look.
The first time Steve saw Anthony again; his son was six months old. It wasn't really seeing him per se, that day a talk show had interviewed him, because in the last year or so, his fame has increased. When Steve saw him, he had to smile a little, as much as Steve will want to hate the Anthony he couldn't, he loved the man too much to hate him, and maybe that was a misjudge on his part, but he couldn't help it.
"Son of Sarah, I was wondering when you were going to wake up." The woman said in a gentle voice, none existent eyebrow rising as she looked at Steven who was looking at the woman with confusion. "I hope that you knew that you nearly destroy the flow of time with that dangerous stunt you did." She said calmly and Steven had to contain his wince at the accusing he heard in her voice.
"I… I… no, I still haven't left…" Steve left his words trail, wondering what he was going to tell Bucky now that his brother-in-law knew he was shamefully left behind. "It's OK, I'm going now; do you need anything before I come back?" Steve asked, trying to desperately from making his voice break as he asked that question.
The door to Steve's home opened which made the Alpha jump and gaze at the Omega, looking at Steve with awe and amazement at how beautiful the Omega was, the Omega was wearing black dress pants and shoes and a blue button-down shirt with his hair being slicked back, giving him a sharp look… looking at the Omega, his heart pounded in his chest with nervousness and happiness, remembering the day that Tony proposed to the love of his life, looking at Steve now, Tony felt several underdressed in his Armani suit, maybe he should have worn something else…
"You are leaving?" Hearing Steve's voice, made the Avengers flinch and turn their gaze to Steve; the star was shuffling sleepily to the Avengers. It was strange, seeing Steve awake before sunset, especially when there are still three hours until the moon and stars grace them with their presence. Everyone shuffled gazing at one another before turning their gaze to Steve who let out a tired yawn and looks at the sky with an amusing look.
It took weeks for Tony to wrap his mind around the scary mess that was his pregnancy and his scared mind, it took him the countless conversations with Steve and even an emergency visit to Betty to calm down a little bit. Steve told him that it was his decision and that he would support him in whatever choice he was going to take; but the thing was if Steve left a decision like this to Tony, he would never get an answer that wasn't half-hearted or disastrous in some way.
"Come on, Cap, show us what you got!" Angie called out, too sure that her present will be considered number one by the Omega who was fawning with his baby at the presents he got, Angie's words made everyone stop in their place and look at the Alpha, especially Tony who was looking at the Alpha with a flushed face, wondering what the Alpha got for him, his heart pound in his chest at the possibility.
"H-Howard Stark?" Ben squeaked as he looked around the place fearing some special agents are going to break into the house and threaten them with guns or something, knowing Steve, the Omega never lies about what he said, and if he said he punched Howard Stark than that meant he punched Howard Stark. "What did he do? But most importantly how do you know him?" Ben dared to ask already fearing the answer to that question.
"Where the hell did you pick that up?" Tony asked, still gazing at the shark as though the beast was going to disappear any second now; maybe Tony stayed in the sun way too long that he started to hallucinate a shark? Because surely, his husband wouldn't run toward him with two tons, eleven feet, and one of the most dangerous beasts of the seas.
One day the man came to him with a papers and pencils, it was after Steve had told the man he was an artist, and Steve had to admit that his eyes sparkled a little in happiness as the older man gave him the papers, the first thing Steve draw, was the man himself, with his sparkling eyes when he was so consumed in telling his amazing stories, and a smile stretch his lips as he remembered a funny part, the next drawings were about Wakanda and her Black Panther, about the pub in England and how the man loved to go there on the weekends, about Brooklyn in 1956, and so much more, by the end, Steve was left with two papers and a stack of drawings that made Erskine's eyes sparkle with happiness seeing them, he gave them to the older man, who promised him to bring him the envelope and some stamps for the letter Steve wanted to write… that day, Steve wrote his last letter for Anthony, he told the Alpha about the pregnancy and the baby, he also told the Alpha that he wished him well in his life. Steve had already decided to keep the baby, it was the only family he had left, his mother died eight months ago, and his father years before her, the Barnes family were far away from Steve's reach and he didn't have the heart to go and force their hands just because they were family friends, and Bucky… The Alpha was away overseas fighting, Steve didn't want to be the reason that something happened to him just because he wishes for the Alpha to be here and have his back like when the two of them were brats in high school.
"You know, I have a friend in the military, I can force him to do a little tinkering about your precious Sargent, after all, only the best for my BFF." Natasha gave a predatory grin, causing Steve to snort and put a spoonful of ice cream in his mouth before he starts laughing at the expression on her face.
." Steve babbled as he took shaky breathes, trying to calm himself down before his heart stopped from how panic and stressed Steve was, Steve needed to calm down before something happened to his daughter, stress was not good for his baby. In the back, Steve couldn't help but catch a sound that made the hair on the back of his neck stand on its ends; it sounded closely like…
When it happened, Steve was getting back from work to his home, he was in pain, but Steve didn't pay that much attention, thinking that it was Braxton Hicks, he was having those insane cramps in the past few weeks it nearly drove him insane. It was after he stood near the waiting crowd in the sidewalk waiting for the lightening signs to change he felt it.
"This was the first time I held him." Steve explained which caused Tony to nod his head and sniff, wiping his tears as he gazed at the picture, taking in the difference, how Steve didn't have any beard at that time, how handsome and young he looked when he shaved, so different then he looks right now, but to be honest Tony preferred his newer version over the picture he saw. "I was scared that day when May put the baby in my arms, thought I was going to drop him, was shaking all the while, but the baby didn't wake up even with all my stuttering." Tony chuckled wetly at that as he flipped to another page, and another… and another… smiling happily when he saw his pup, being grateful that he has so many pictures for him now, and not only the nine ones he spent two years gazing at them with pain.
"Coming through, a handsome fella with a lot of popcorns and chips is coming through!" Tony called out loudly as he carried huge bowls of popcorn and chips, walking to the table the rest of the Avengers prepared, filled with many drinks, sweets, chips, and popcorn, in every kind and flavor imaginable. Peter was trailing behind him, carrying a bowl of dip with him, his tongue sticking out as he tried to concentrate on not dropping it or stumble around.
Today Thor decided to take them for a walk around Asgard's roads and shops, telling them about Asgard's history all the while, for Steven he just nodded his head now and then, already knowing the history behind every stone in Asgard and the new Asgard, heart heavy in his chest as he took the happy smile on Thor's face. The rest of the Avengers looked around Asgard with wide disbelieving eyes, taking everything in, the people, the shops, the houses, the roads, and horses and carriages, how Asgard live in harmony with science and magic working together to create an amazing modern world that still holds into the old ways of life without one life erasing the other.
Steve became quiet at the question, confirming Tony's thoughts; it took Steve a few minutes before he sighed leaning back so he can gaze into Tony's eyes. "I can't say that I didn't think about it, but we are a team, Tony, I can't do what I like and forsake your own feeling and thoughts, I love and respect you too much to do such a thing." Tony smiled at the words Steve spoke, his face flushing a pretty shade of pink as he replayed these words over and over in his head.
"I am not pouting." Tony huffed as he once more took in the guests, trying to find a mop of blond hair, a blue-eyed man that was glowing in the dark, so far he didn't find him. OK, maybe he was pouting a little but it wasn't his fault, it was Aunt Peggy, and Bucky's fault for insisting on driving Steve and not letting Tony drive his date.
Steven spent few minutes listening to Edith with interest taking in the difference he can see in the suit while checking the new additions Edith talked about, smiling sadly knowing that his husband made all of this with him in mind… like he already knew what will happen after he will leave Steven alone.
"What do you call this then? It's ripping people's fingers off! Stop it!" Tony cried out when he saw the dead cat trotting down the road with a human's leg in its mouth, dripping blood everywhere. "Oh my God, oh God, oh God, oh God!" Tony called out in panic as he pulled Rogers from the front of his shirt. "You either stop it or I will rip your balls and shove them down your throat, you get me, Rogers?" Tony screamed as he shook the man back and forth, causing the man to blink his eyes and gaze at Tony with a dazed look. "You are useless!" Tony moans as he let go of Rogers causing him to fall on the ground and he turned around running toward the fence. "Jarvis! Fire the armor now!" Tony called out and a few seconds later the Tony was fully armored and ready to fight the zombie/demon/cat/whatever the hell it was…
Tony let out a heavy sigh and thrust one of his hands in his pocket, shifting from foot to foot to maintain warm, Natasha was going to kill him when she saw that he was waiting for them here and not at Angie’s like how she instructed him. The rain gets steadily heavier, and he pulls up the collar of his coat, pacing back and forth. There is the noise of an engine in the distance, and Tony walks out onto the road, narrowing his eyes, trying to see through the rain watching the vehicle approach.
' and sway a little before Steve managed to gather himself enough to hold his husband. "It seems that the reason for fainting was due to stress and being in an extreme situation; you really need to take more care of yourself, Mr. Rogers…" The doctor said a few more things, not that Steve or Tony were paying enough attention, not when both of them were lost and speechless.
It was a week later since Steven woke up from his coma, a week and Tony walked into his room in Shield HQ followed by Peggy who was making a strange sound that was coming from her throat, it was like animal growls, it made Steven equal worried and fascinated, especially when Tony was pouting and his face was red from embarrassment or was it shame? Today Steven was with Bruce and Natasha, and where Natasha is, Clint follows, his counterpart was on a mission clearly not comfortable in being in the same room with Steven, the four of them were talking about something, Clint wanted to know if he had children or something like that.
"Oh, Tony, here you… what the hell happened?!" Pepper smiled brightly before horror took over her face as her gaze fell on Tony, taking his messy appearance, his hair that goes in all directions, the dirt, and the blood all over his suit and body. Tony could only twitch at Pepper's high-pitched voice, taking a deep breath to help calm his fried self.
Tony blinked as he checked over the house once more before getting out and letting the brunette woman close the door shut and lock it… he was tired and sore, he hasn't slept in over twenty-four hours, ever since he ran away from home, and in all honestly, he needed real food and a bed, hoping to crash for a few hours before returning here, hoping to fix the house and be able to remodel it as best as he can.
"Sorry…" Tony mumbled as he stood up, smiling at the squeal his baby let out as Tony nuzzled his baby's head; from the corner of his eyes, Tony saw how Maria's eyes soften a little at the action and he couldn't help but relax a little bit, just a little. "What do you say, Miss Morgan? Did you like the books Miss Maria gave you?" Tony cooed, getting a babbling reply from his daughter as she waved her hands around. "I think she is saying yes!" Tony grinned, his shoulders relaxing when Maria shook her head with a small smile…
Peggy on the other hand just sneered and pulled away from Tony, straightening her dress and gazing at Clint with distaste. "Mr. Coulson, I see that you are as hotheaded as ever; glad to see that not everything changed around here," Peggy stated with narrowed eyes, causing Clint to growl and cocks the safety of the gun, which made Tony's stress level rise uncontrollably; there were children around for God's sake! What if something happened and the gun fired on its own?
Though he couldn't say the same for his father, you could say that his father will drop by his house at least once a week to start the same argument, he never knew how he found his home, but he was sure Stane had a hand in it. The one time he showed up with Stane, you can say Tony may or may have not paid the kids in the neighbors to drive them away… they were such helpful kids! Tony laughed at how Stane run into his father's car with pink glitter glued into his head.
She also taught him what she knows about the nine-realms of Yggdrasil, about Niflheim, the mist world, and its rivers and forests. Muspelheim, land of lava and death that Surtr was imprisoned in, and how Ragnarok will be upon them if he was freed. He learned about Asgard, home of the Gods, and how their supreme ruler 'Odin' lives there. Midgard, home of the humans whose lives were just a blink of an eye to every being in the universe, how they were so far behind in intelligence and technology like the other nine. Jotunheim, the home of the giants that nearly destroyed the realms with their wars that never seemed to end. Vanaheim, the land of sorcery and magic, and how Odin's wife and their queen Frigga was from that realm. Alfheim, the land of the light elves the beautiful angels as everyone in the nine calls them. Svartalfheim, the home of the dwarves. Helheim, the land of the dead.
Tony held his baby tightly in his arms as he stood on his shaky legs, going to the landline, he wondered what would Pepper and Rhodey say when Tony tell them about what took place here, he wondered if he can run to them if they have a place for him and Morgan to crash at until all of this madness disappeared. Would Peggy and Bucky follow him back to New York and drag him back? Would they throw him in the lake as a sacrifice? Would they hurt or kill his friends if he told them what happened? So many questions that Tony doesn't know the answers to; but in the end, Tony hoped that he would have enough time to gather his things and run away. Run away just like the Rogers family did years and years ago.
"Don't know why… hey kid, where are your parents? Kids shouldn't be alone with strangers." Tony said, not even caring about what he was saying anymore, he just wants to go home and curl in his bed, and maybe cry some more.
1-Vikings loved winter… when I say they love it I mean they really did, not only did they invented many Winter sports and have many festivals, but in wintertime, Vikings used to go to lakes for a dip in freezing water. That practice is still around, as many Danish and Scandinavian people (Titled Vikings) still liked to dip in freezing waters, they even argue that cold water swimming improves their mental and physical health. Do you think so? Just the thought of cold water makes me shiver…
"Papa, what's dis?" Peter said as he turned to Steve who was sitting beside Tony and Peter, the small pup was sitting in his mother's lap, looking out of the car's window, asking everyone about what he was seeing, every time the limo passed something strange in the pup's eyes.
The man gave Steve a sad smile before turning to walk away but not before throwing these words over his shoulder, leaving Steve more confused than ever. "Vu are ein kood man, Schteffen, vu schouldn't pe here...
As the process came to an end, both Steve and Tony get more anxious as the days passed, wondering what Harley would think about his new home, wondering if he liked the room they prepared for him, wondering if the little boy would hate them or not feel that comfortable with them or their friends, or how their friends would react when they bring Harley home (Everyone was shocked at first, they argued and raised hell, until they realized that both Steve and Tony won't be swayed and were going through the adoption). Thankfully, the two of them managed to calm each other down before they fall down the rabbit hole with how much their thought became jumbled.
The sound of heavy footsteps made Steven jump and look around the place, trying to stand up and taking a defensive position, his left leg straining to hold all of his weight off, as much as Steven hated to admit it, but he was, in fact, afraid, he was scared of this strange wasteland, he can't even feel any pull toward his original body… no, it was there, but it is so dull… like with dying stars, how they stopped feeling everything little by little, how their lights turned duller and duller until they die in the end… Steven's heart nearly starts pounding in his throat at that possibility, it was true that he was a dull star, his heart is broken beyond repair for him to shine as bright as he used to be in his youth, but that doesn't mean he was dying! Doesn't it? He did hear a few comments from his fellow stars that his light dulling meant he was dying… but that was all an annoying way to make fun of him, right?
They wanted to keep him sedated until they knew what was wrong with him, and how much of a mess his brain was. They all went about how severe his PTI was that he not only had amnesia and confusion but also created a whole different life separated from his… that's at least what Steve heard the passing nurses says when he acted like he was asleep half of the time, which did nothing but enrage Steve as he tried to move his body to push them away from him. Want it or not, no matter how much Steve willed his body, the useless and weak body he has right now refused to move, and when it does move, Steve is left breathless and tired like he ran a marathon. Steve was so frustrated with this, he hated feeling this useless, not being able to move and for his every move being decided on by the nurses who came daily to give him either his medicine, his glass of enriching milk to start his liquid diet, or sedative when Steve decided to act up.
After Steve finished his tale, Bruce was sitting on his chair crossing his arms over his chest thinking everything through. "Well… as much as I would like to say I know the answers to your questions, I really don't…" Bruce started, cleaning his glasses thinking. "Though, I can see from where Tony is coming from…" Bruce wore his glasses, gazing at Steve's tired face with a gentle look. "Look at it this way, Steve. Let's say that your child, who was the only thing you had in captivity, you protected him, loved him, and tried to do everything to shelter him from the pain of the truth, but the most important one… he never left your eyes because he is always with you, and your mind refused to stop looking after him, but one day you were distracted by something that you forget about your child, who you had spent years taking care of…" Bruce sighs and took a sip of tea, seeing the realization paint Steve's face every second that passes. "I think he was terrified, about how he was able to forget about his child so easily, so he did the only logical thing to him, and that was snapping and even attacking the reason of the distraction…" Bruce looked at Steve who was looking at his teacup with a tired look.
Tony only managed to take a few deep breathes, looking at his baby, Tony could only bite his lower lip and close his eyes. Tony could only kiss Morgan's forehead as he lowers himself on one of the chairs, gazing at his daughter who was huffing and moving her tiny arms in an angry fashion. Tony could only give a trembling smile, his mind already resigned to his death… it would be OK, Tony would be OK if the town promised him not to hurt his baby if they promised him they would protect her from everyone that would harm her, Tony would accept death with opened arms, he would accept being killed if it meant his baby was going to live her life.
"Steve… this is our home, I won't allow our life to be ripped apart as we leave our family and friends because of the action of a crazy woman… I won't allow her to win…" Tony said as he left the car, smiling at the kids as the two of them rushed to Tony's side and refusing to let him go, even as he entered the house with Steve walking behind them as if guarding their backs.
"Do you need to go?" Tony whine, a pout on his face as he helped his husband fold a few comforting clothes to put in his travel bag, as much as Tony wanted his husband to stay, he knew that his husband needs to go to DC, something about a new superhero character he had been working on for months now and finally finishing the draft for the first comic issue; still, it didn't stop Tony from acting like a child, mainly because he doesn't know what he was going to do if Steve left, or how Harley was going to act like when seeing his safety blanket leave him.
"OK… what did I do?" Tony questioned making Angie snort and start laughing hard, that made Tony scowl and glare at the older woman waiting until she got her breath under control.
Steve sat on the bed with a giggling Peter in his lap looking at him with wide eyes and messy hair. "You still didn't get Mommy's second present, yet." Steve said which made Peter's eyes sparkle in happiness and he looks at his mother's hands like the present was going to appear from thin air, it made Steve laugh a little and sit his baby on the bed, he looked at the baby with a small smile until he stood up and went to his room returning after a while with a picture frame.
Tony walked through the hospital halls, going to a certain room in mind when he reached the room; he opened the door and pale as he saw his father there, pale like the sheets around him. He got a call from the hospital that tells him that his father was in a car accident, a teen who was driving too fast, hitting his father and crossing red lights, endangering lots of people but unfortunately for his father, he was the one who got hit.
The sob that came from Barnes made everyone look at the man in disbelieve, and Tony had to shake his head because... Nope! Nope, and hell to the Nope! This wasn't happening! "You know, I was actually joking when I said that Hydra was nothing but a bunch of weaklings that breaded each other's hair in their downtime, but I didn't mean it literally! This is not even torture!" Tony finally snapped as he stood up and pointed at the video of Rogers whimpering when the female Hydra agent shook a stuffed toy in front of the man (A cute white bear to be specific). This was just… no…
Tears gathered in Tony's eyes, a lump stuck in his throat preventing him from pleading with his mother, hoping that she will pity him enough to at least give him a half an hour start before calling Howard. He swallowed as he saw his mother's eyes taking him in, not commenting on the bruises, the swelling around his left eye, or the cut on his brow that's still bleeding sluggishly, or his shaking hands and knuckles skinned and red-raw. And Tony's heart beat in his chest like a scared, caged bird with no way out, not being able to breathe a word, hoping against hope that he will be able to save his child. Please, God, please! Tony begged with himself as he saw his mother moving.
The knock on the door made Tony tense a little before forcing his muscle to relax; it was silly of him, thinking that Rogers would knock on the door when he can show into the living room. Standing on his shaky legs, Tony took a deep breath as he turned his sight on the clock, raising his eyebrow in shock when he realized that he spent the past three hours huddling behind the front door. It was probably Peggy or Bucky, the two of them must have known that Rogers was finally back and that's why they came knocking on his door, or maybe it was Angie with more food and cakes, she was probably here to plan Morgan's birthday with him.
It started with Anthony calling the kid every week to ask about his shoulder, still feeling guilty that he sent the Omega to the hospital, the calls turned into every three days with the two of them talking and asking about each other's life, then it turned to every day with Anthony's heart pounding in his chest every time he got a message from the little Omega.
"Oh shit…" Tony hissed as he backed away from this mad scene, it seemed like even the God of mischief himself couldn't handle Rogers and that meant the man was undefeatable and his spell forever will be cast on the Avengers with no way to break it, when Tony saw Rogers get out a sacrificing knife, his eyes widen when he saw that the man was about to kill Loki, so Tony did the only thing he could think of to try and stop that crazy bastard. "Enough!" Tony as much as he hated to say it squeaked as he rushed toward Rogers, pulling the knife out of his hand and throwing it at one of the shadowy demons that were still present, which got him a shriek from the said demon., Rogers, though, only gazed at Tony like he was seeing a God, which Tony grimaced at. "No killing homicidal maniacs just because I don't give a fuck if you died, do you get it, Rogers, in fact, no killing anyone! What's so hard to understand?" Tony snapped at Rogers, growling at the man until the said man lowered his head from shame.
?" Steve asked, standing up as he cracked his knuckles, which made Tony turn away from the screen to his husband. "I can destroy the organization he works for while bringing him in for you to do what you see fit." Steve offered, which ended with Tony's lips twitching madly until they stilled on an insane smile, causing Steve to sigh in happiness at the sight.
But was it justified what Tony did last night? Well, no, it wasn't; it was cruel of him to hurt Steve like that and snap in his face; after Tony returned to his workshop last night, his A.I. gave him the silent treatment, and when he had enough of Tony pleading with him, he informs Tony that he was too cruel and biased of him to treat Steve like that based on his Addams heritage when he has assassins and Gods, and villains going against him daily, some of them his friends even.
"Let me go!" The sound of a whine from across the street made Tony stop in his place and look around to see what was going on, only for his heart nearly to stop at what he saw, a man was dragging pup from his hand… anyone seeing this would have thought of the man as the pup's father because of the brown hair and the brown eyes, they will just think that the pup was unruly and was throwing tantrum… but Tony knows that pup, he recognized the small toy the pup had in his hand, he knows what the pup's father looks like, the man who was trying to drag the pup brushing people's concern telling them about this being all a tantrum the pup was throwing, how could no one realize that this was wrong? How could no one smell the scent of fear from the pup? How are they letting the man drag the pup away?
Tony bit his lips and tapped his foot, waiting for his turn to be called, getting a little nervous by the minute. Today was the day that he will finally learn his baby's gender, and Tony was equally nervous equally excited, he was very grateful that his friends were waiting with him. The last week was heaven for Tony, he spent every day with his friends after a long time of nothing, the three of them joking and laughing and working around the house, Rhodey and him with installing his A.I. in the house, Pepper helping him decorating the baby's room, nagging him about learning the baby's gender.
"Enough! Enough of your lies, enough! If he was really dead I would have felt it! I know he was alive out there, all these years..." Sobbed Tony too tired and drained after what he heard, he wobbles to the door. "God, you are no better than Stane, and to think I trusted you…" Tony sobbed looking at his father for the last time, ignoring the tears in his father's eye. "Goodbye… Howard." Tony said with a hard voice wiping his tears away and wore his sunglasses ignoring his father's weak calls as he runs out of the hospital.
"Is he awake?" Tony finally asked after pulling away from his hiding spot, looking at the stairs with a tired and worried look on his face; it was sweet, as much as Steve knew that this was a serious matter, he couldn't help but think of how sweet and amazing Tony was for having a big heart that seemed to love anyone and everyone without conditions.
Tony could only let out a wordless sob and staggers forward, wrapping his arms around Rogers's shoulders, letting out a shuddered breath as he buried his face in Steve's neck. "Thank you… thank you, thank you, thank you…" Tony's words cracked, his tears falling down his face as today's events finally caught up to him, leaving him helpless.
"Tony? What are you doing here?" Tony didn't know who spoke those words, maybe it was Steve, the Omega didn't know, because, for one, he was shaking like a leaf. He wanted to run to Steve and hide behind him while begging silently to the Alpha to protect him from Stane, but Stane's eyes refused to turn away from him, mocking him like he was taking pleasure in the way Tony was acting around him, which made the Omega tense.
Anton could hear Jamti's alarming cry, when the bear stood atop Anton, causing the Alpha to snarl tried to avoid the bear's teeth and claws as one of his hands went to the knife strapped to his thigh. With a practiced move, Anton managed to push the bear's head while plunging the knife in its neck, causing the bear to roar in pain, and tried to back away swiping blinding and catching Anton's tunic in his claws, ripping the front half of it, which met by another thrust of the knife. Desperate, the bear let out a whine before as it tried to back away, which did nothing but give Anton the time needed to grape his sword and thrust it in the bear's head, rending the beast dead.
A panic and frazzled voice called Steve, causing him to snap out of the nightmare he was thrown in, looking around shakily, Steve stilled in his place when he spotted Bucky running toward him; the Alpha was a mess through and through, messy hair going in all direction, clothes rumbled and untidy, dark circle around his eyes and pale face. It made Steve blink his eyes, wondering why now of all times did Steve noticed how tired Bucky really looked, bone-deep tiredness that seemed to circle the man and surround him.
"Darling, a piece of advice, stop overthinking everything and let's give them some privacy." Winnie said already knowing the trail of thoughts Sarah was heading to, and the Alpha didn't really blame her friend, but if she babied her son and grandson like this she will suffocate the two of them without giving them the chance to recover, so Winnie pulled her friend away from the tree heading to the house, smiling all the while when Tony smiled and laughed with the Alpha and his pup when was the last time she saw Tony this happy? The only time she could remember was his pregnancy, when he glows and was so happy…
"Dammit…" Peggy mutters as she got something out of her drawer. "Here Steve, you can have my phone until she finishes fixing yours…" She said making Steve smile and take the phone from her.
"Did Mr. Rogers tell you that?" She asked with a serious voice, which made Tony shook his head. "Tony, just because Mr. Rogers is your fated mate, it doesn't mean that you are forced to be with him in any way you don't want, especially if you don't feel comfortable around him, you and Mr. Rogers need to talk about what you expect from each other if the two of you wanted to just be friends, or a family if you want something more, then that's great, but only if you are comfortable with the man being with you… tell me, Tony, what do you want from Mr. Rogers? Do you want a friend who will always have your back? Or do you think of him as only a family like you do your parents and Mrs. Carter?" Dr. Ross asked which made Tony blink and look down at his hands.
Just as Anton expect, the queen made his move when Thor, Loki, and Jamti were out of sight; he didn't move to kill Anton, didn't move to scream at him, it was worse. As fast as the queen can he whirl around to Anton and slapped him hard, hard enough for Anton to taste the blood on his tongue. Turning to the queen, the anger Anton felt was like no other, how can the queen be stupid enough to attack him when Anton wanted to do nothing but protect him? Was the queen really this foolish?
"Is Peter awake yet?" Steve asked as he walked with Tony to their son's room, it was still a surprise when Steve noticed that he grow up a few inches after his spine straightened because of the serum; Steve was so going to send Howard a gift card the next time he saw him.
"Hey, Steve…" Tony started, clearing his throat when Steve tilts his head toward him with a questioning look. "Tomorrow, Peter and I are going to the park; if you want you can come with us…" Tony shifted as he said these words, trying to stop his face from turning red.
So back to where Tony started, it was awkward being in the same room as Steve, the man kissed him and the two of them weren't even on a date or something, he just showed up in Tony's lab (Making the salt turn black again, damn it!) kissed Tony like he had the right to do it, and disappear before Tony even had a chance to snap at him! It was so not fair and Tony hated the special assassin school Steve went to; how can they make him appear and disappear just like that?! (Tony was going to ignore that there are other powers at play and focus on the assassin part)
It was after nine when Tony and Peter returned, by that time, Steve was ready to call the Alpha, he can clearly imagine how the Alpha and the pup probably forgot themselves in the lab and laughing like mad scientists, and Steve was pretty sure that the Alpha and his pup would have eloped together came the morning, he was a little worried because Tony was always a little dangerous when he was in the lab, mainly for the sometimes stupid ideas that will seem good to the Alpha, only for them to blow in his face not an hour later.
As Tony predicted, that day caused more than a rift between him and the Alpha, but it also caused distrust between his pup and Steve. The small boy still didn't believe that Steve was a good man and that Tony was the one who hurt him, and because of that, Tony was forced to watch in misery as Steve avoided him and Peter. He was forced to watch as his boy closed in on himself, just like how he had been before when the two of them were saved from Stane's hands. He was forced to watch his family as they walked around eggshells around him and his pup… And it was breaking Tony. If he thought that being a victim of Stane hurt, this hurt even more and it was breaking Tony more than Stane could ever hope to.
After they finished packing, Tony stood with Steve outside, waiting for Bucky to start the car and drive Steve to the airport, it would have been a swift exit for Steve if Harley and Peter didn't choose that time to return from Clint's house and pester Steve about where he was going and what he should buy them… well, it was Peter who was pestering poor Steve and jumping all over the place, Harley was just shifting and looking at the ground like Steve kicked his puppy. That was the scenario that both Tony and Steve tried to avoid, well, it was Steve who tried to avoid that scenario, mainly because how Peter was becoming more demanding when he sees one of them about to leave for a small amount of time, at least Steve was going to return next week so Peter didn't kick a strong fuss about the matter.
" Steve's voice cracked as he was forced to use his growl. His heart felt like it was breaking into a million tiny pieces, feeling the betrayal taking ahold of him at the thought of Tony forcing him to do something like this, why wasn't Tony's therapist informed of this? That Tony… Did the Omega have an addiction to being exposed to Alpha's growl because of Stane?
The battering on the door made Tony tense for a few minutes, speculating who was knocking at his door at such an hour; shaking his head Tony stood up and reached for his bathrobe, heading to the door thinking that it was either Natasha or Clint, maybe even Peggy. “Who is it?” Tony called out when he arrived at the door, not picking up a response at first, which made Tony tense, reflecting about last night events he backed away from the door, before the sound of the police chief met him, causing Tony to furrow his eyebrows, wondering why police chief Fury is visiting him, but he opened the door.
Bucky said after Yinsen asked him about that Steve who made Bucky's eyes sparkle, hearing that made Tony's heart stop, he thought that the battery attached to him had finally run out and that he was dying.
Tony took a shuddered breath, pulling Peter tightly into his chest and kissing his head, his hand rubbing the boy's back, trying to calm himself more than calming the purring boy who was unsuspicious and trusting… trusting Tony to take care of him and stay with them, to never break Peter and his father's trust. Tony swallowed at that, kissing Peter's head once more before pulling away, a smile slowly painted itself on Tony's face as the Omega tried to stop it from wobbling and from the Omega breaking down and crying. "Why don't you get ready, Petey-pie, Lila and Copper are coming over today, and they are going to bring their puppy with them." Tony said which made the boy's eyes sparkle at that as he rushed toward his room with a happy giggle that escaped him, causing the Omega to give a pained smile…
asked which caused Thor to growl in fury and take a step toward the archer making the said archer lifts his hands in surround hoping that Thor won't run after him.
"Ty! What the hell do you think you are doing by making unwelcomed passes on someone?" That was Angie's voice as she snapped at the man towering over Tony with a voice full of rage and anger, which made the man whose name turned out to be 'Ty' growl and back away from Tony which caused Tony to breathe a relieved sigh. "I should tell your Pa about you, I'm sure a few spanking will set you straight! Drinking and harassing people, you never change; just wait until Barnes and Carter know about this." Angie growled as she crossed her arms over her chest, which caused Ty to growl at her before huffing, waving her off before walking away, while cursing under his breath.
Tony gazed at the rose stems that had the actually roses cut off, leaving only the stalk that was full of sharp thorns and dead leaves. Tony could do nothing but gaze at the stems then at Rogers who was looking at him like he hung the moon in the sky, which was making Tony uncomfortable, especially when he realized that his teammates would kill him if they heard about this. Tony laughed nervously at that and pushed Rogers' hand away from him which made the man's face become crestfallen at that… "I am really sorry… but I… uh… I'm too busy for a relationship… I don't even know you that well… besides, I am sure everyone is going to be mad about this… so sorry…?" Tony was sure he opened his mouth and inserted his foot in it, as he got out of Rogers' arms walking backward, away from Rogers, expecting the man to go into a fit, which he may have been right.
Thanos followed his beating with a point-blank blast with the Power Stone to Tony's abdomen, sending his lover flying across the battlefield and heavily damaging what's left of Tony's armor. "Tony! Please, run, please! You can't win Tony, please!" Steve screamed, he pleaded, he begged, and wished and tried to think of a way to save Tony. Tony, stupid idiot Tony, stupid noble Tony, even desperate and missing much of the upper half of his armor, Tony attempted to hold off Thanos with his repulsors but it was to no avail. Thanos closed in, and he began beating Tony once again, destroying what's left of the armor. "Please… please let me go, please if you are truly sorry, let me go…" Steve whispered, begging the woman holding him even when he couldn't take his eyes off of Tony who was attempting to defend himself with his bare hands, only for Thanos to grab and trap his left hand. "Please…" The last plea, Steve didn't know who he meant when he spoke it, only that he was begging anyone willing to hear him and save Tony.
"You are giving up your freedom, for them?" The king asked slowly like he could not believe what his ears were hearing, and maybe he did not, after all, one of his people, was protecting the Hydra's, it made the king rage at that. "You are giving your freedom, for people who always call us barbarians, who attacked our people, killed our men and woman, raped our Omegas, and tortured our children before killing them,
"So what's her name?" Pepper finally asked after stopping her cooing to the baby, nearly squealed when the baby, yawn cutely and curling up into Tony, Steve and Tony glanced at each other before Tony gives a devilish grin, Steve though only nodding the smile panting his face.
"I know, I know, I shouldn't be doing this when I'm seven months pregnant and it's the middle of winter, so don't worry I won't, I don't think I can get on the boat tonight even if I try." Tony grins as he gazes at the lake with an exciting look shining in his eyes. "I just came here to tell you that I finally decided on a name…" Tony stated proudly, raising his hands toward his face as he warmed them with his breath, a content smile crossing his face as he gazes at the moon's reflection in the lake. "Today Bucky was going on and on about his childhood best friend who left the town with his family years ago. And one of the names that Bucky's best friend loved and repeated was 'Morgan' and gosh, it was like it clicked! I never felt connected toward a name as I felt when Bucky said that name, and I couldn't help but decided that this will be my baby's name." a shy smile take over Tony's face, and he tried to ignore the flush of embarrassment that wanted to consume him at the silly thought of him rushing home just to talk to the lake, but it was an action that Tony found comforting in the past two months, calming him when he gets worked up. "I came home straight away to tell you, wanting you to be the first to know, just two more months until Morgan is here…" A happy sigh left Tony at the thought of holding his baby in his arms, just two more months until his baby is in his arms where he will love her to death and spoil her rotten, his little Morgan. "Goodnight!" Tony called out as he turned toward his house humming happily as he opened the door and get inside.
20-Og þú ert ekkert öðruvísi en hann… þú særðir móður mína. -And you are no different than him… you hurt my mother.
"Hey, Steve…" Bucky gave a small smile as he waved to Steve from his place next to the door, causing Steve to blink his eyes once more and wonder if he was finally losing his mind. Was Steve losing his mind? Why would Bucky of all people come and check on him? Steve liked to think that the two of them were friends, but Bucky was Tony's brother, so Steve thought that even if the two didn't seem to see eye to eye, Bucky would always choose his brother's side.
"Oh, I thought the two of us can have a girls' night and bond! You are going to be my son-in-law after all!" Serpentine cooed happily floating down until she was near Tony's face, making the genius squeak and tried to back away from the crazy woman last she does something unwanted. God, why? Why him of all people in the entire world? Why? What did Tony do in his past life to deserve such a punishment?
They waited for over an hour before someone came in and to Steven's displeasure; it was the Iron King himself and his advisors who showed up, the king going directly toward Steven's cell, while the advisors went to the servants. "Did you change your mind?" The king asked, just like how he has been asking the same question for two days now, something that always got him a harsh glare from Steven, which caused the Alpha to snarl at him, and Steven… well, he was used to this kind of Alphas so it didn't faze him not one a bit.
Steven hummed, eyes going distant, a small pained smile took over his face before returning his attention to Loki. "My husband was the one who stopped me, the only one who will be able to do that, those who tried were injured, and those on the other side were killed… not even those who used magic to pass as my husband survived." Steven said while giving a pointed look toward Loki like he already knows that this was Loki's intention.
"Mama!" The small boy gasps happily and run to his mother who opened the door to his room, it has been a week since he saw his mother, long and boring seven days, he was stuck in his room today, his mentors left him books and ordered him to read and try to understand as much as he can from it, which he thought was stupid, and often than not he will ignore them and wait for his dam, who then will help and teach him important stuff, like using a sword or how to make winning strategies, or how to help the people who will be under his rule one day, not stupid history that only praise the king and the royal family, two-hundred pages, of how king Johann made his kingdom by killing the old king, then another five-hundred page, praising his cruelty as he killed people and conquer other countries, and turned people from the lower class into slaves, and them another three-hundred pages about Hydra's kingdom customs. James hated his father's kind of teaching because it only taught him how to be cruel, and how cruel and monstrous his father was, how he gained the name Red Skull, a name that will be his in the end, it was not like his mother who will teach him important things that James liked to know about.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, time skips, mention of character's death, near mental break down, crying, violence, and we got to meet a lot of different characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Sam took the files from Tony and went through them. "Do you have any photos for your son, Mr. Stark?" Sam asked as he frowns at what he read through.
"Tony!" Bucky and Peggy's calls of his name caused Tony to blink his eyes, his lips trembling as he turned around to take in the uncomfortable look that painted the faces of the two people that Tony considered as his family. "I… we can explain Tony…" Bucky whispered, the plea in his voice didn't go unnoticed, and Tony hated this, he hated this, especially hating how the two people who Tony love and considered as his parents betrayed his trust, and why was Tony even surprised? This always happened, every time Tony thought he found people he could trust and love, they always stab him in the back.
"Tony, I don't know what to choose." Steve stated, causing everyone to tense, and Tony know deep down that they were ready to take Steve and corrupt him; saying that they will help by ordering him subtly to choose the movie they want to see the most, and hell if Tony was going to let that happen!
which is a little concerning) stood to object about the wedding; hell! Even Loki was there and Tony didn't know from where the man dropped on them, especially after Steve was done with him by throwing him to the zombies. Wait! Was that Fury standing near General Ross? Didn't he die or something? What were those two doing in his wedding uninvited?
"Do you know what stars are good at, sweetheart?" Steve smiled tiredly before leaning down to kiss Tony's forehead whispering his blessing to his love, ignoring the Mad Titan who let out a raging shout and tried to pull Steve away from Tony… "We shine!" Steve snarled as he pushed Thanos away from Tony and jumping on him ignoring how the Titan rage as Steve concentrated hard, trying to reach his core…
Tony let out a tired sigh as he let the baby bag fall on the floor next to the sofa; his mind was going in circles as he remembered today's events. His heart was still overworked, still remembering how he was nearly caught, it was only thanks to the door he found (Leading to the recording room which leads to another section of the library) that Tony managed to fool Maria, other than that, Tony would have probably been caught and God's know what this strange town will do to him.
"Oh, Tony…" Maria's voice cracked as the realization hit her, which made everyone turn to the Omega that starts sobbing once more, Howard held his mate as she turns toward him
The pup looked at the toy fidgeting a little. "He smelled nice not like a bad person…" Peter said which made Steve sigh at his son's description of Omegas. "He just smelled sad, like he was in pain… and he was nice, not mean." Peter said as he hugged the toy tightly purring a little at that.
"I know Peg, but if you went to him now, he will do something stupid, take it from me, I have been married to his counterpart for more than two decades and I have known him for a decade and a half before that, when something gets in Tony's mind he won't leave it, no matter how much he knew it was stupid and pointless." Steven said which made Peggy growl at that a little and start spacing in the library tugging her hair a little.
Starkad, he couldn't help but laugh in delight when the boy was done, the boy was truly his mother's son, fearless, stubborn, and somewhere between stupid and courageous person, not only that he knew the old ways and how to insert his dominance even as a child, but he was fearless; Starkad had to admit, the queen raised someone who will one day become a great man, a true king, and a ruler. The boy narrow his eyes and growled at him before turning around with his head held high, a dagger in one hand and a man's dignity and freedom in the other as he walked toward one of the queen's followers, the mouthy woman who always followed the queen…
"You mean as well as livestock in his cell waiting for an unfair judgment." Steven snipped which made Heimdall pause in his walk and look at Steven with his golden eyes, Steven looked in the man's eyes with his blue ones, and he could see how the man's eyes widen every second Steven continued to gaze in his eyes without fear.
"And you are nothing if not a foolish Omega but we covered that the first time we met, have we not?" The Alpha asked getting a snort from the Omega who took his lose long blond hair and start braiding it, making the Alpha pause and look at the Omega who was busy looking at the fire while trying to fix his hair… "You and your brat can go and see your people, some of my men will escort you to their house… and cut your hair, you are not a guest." The Alpha said as he stood up, putting the cup near the Omega, getting an eye roll at his words, any master would have backhanded the Omega for such a public disrespect, but for Starkad he just let out an annoying noise and walked away, only to stop at the Omega's next words.
This… this was enough for Tony, the love of these two people should be enough, they were his family, they gave Tony their all, so it was in their right that Tony gave them his all too. It was in their right that Tony gave them the same attention and love he gave to that wretched devil who killed Tony over and over again until there was nothing left of him even to the vultures.
"Cheating? As if you are any better!" Tony snapped, causing Steve to step back in shock when the Alpha let out an angry growl as he stalked toward Steve, ignoring how the Omega tried to push him away as he held his hands tightly. "Don't make me laugh; you talk big for someone who is banging my brother behind my back!" Tony's words froze Steve in his place, causing him to give a choked '
Tony didn't know if the ride with Happy was worse or not, especially when the man kept sending him and Steve knowing looks, making Tony embarrassed about how unsubtle he was in all of this. Tony didn't care though, not when Steve kept sending him a shy smile every now and then, taking Tony's hand in his and holding it tightly, the closer they reached the Avengers tower, not that Tony was complaining, especially since Steve leaned down to kiss his cheek when they finally reached the tower.
When Steve finally finished cleaning the nursery and calling Clint to tell him what happened today, he went to the pup's room, knocking on the door before opening it, letting out a sad sigh when he saw his son laying on his stomach on the bed, small sobs leaving him now and then as he held into his pillow with all of his strength. Steve closed his eyes tightly before he entered the room, going toward his son and sitting on the bed, letting out a pained noise when his son flinch at that and curled on himself, causing the Alpha to croon softly while rubbing the pup's back.
"You wanna hold her?" Tony asked, causing Howard to look like a deer in a headlight before Steve and Tony managed to calm him down enough to put the baby in his arms; leaving Howard stunned as he gazed at the baby with lost but happy eyes.
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that, Stark, or should I say, Carbonell? I don't know, after all, I apparently don't really know you this well." Steve spite out as he took the knife cutting the vegetable with more force than necessary making Tony flinch at the sound of the knife slamming the cutting board every time the Omega swing it.
When the Ancient One left, she left everyone with the feeling of confusion, fear, helplessness, and so much more emotions than everyone wonders how they were even able to hear all of this and still not run away screaming bloody murder, the Omegas of the group looked at each other with fear and confusion, the geniuses of the group running through all the possibilities of what they just heard, the Alphas looked at each other with confusion and determent, everyone didn't know what to do, and they could only stare at Steven that was attached to the IV and heart-monitor looking at his glasses, then wear them and looking at the ceiling.
